Aramane ( Kannada : ಅರಮನೆ , translation : Palace ) is a 2008 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Nagashekhar , starring Ganesh and Anant Nag in the lead roles .
National Lampoon 's Vacation , sometimes referred to as Vacation , is a 1983 American comedy film directed by Harold Ramis and starring Chevy Chase , Beverly D'Angelo , Randy Quaid , Dana Barron , and Anthony Michael Hall .
The Adventures of Captain Africa ( 1955 ) is a Columbia serial starring John Hart .
Shaolin Plot ( Chinese : 四大門派 ) is a 1977 Hong Kong film directed by Huang Feng and featuring Sammo Hung in his first starring role and as action director .
Pleasant Nights ( Italian : Le piacevoli notti ) is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Armando Crispino and Luciano Lucignani and starring Vittorio Gassman and Gina Lollobrigida .
The Case of the Velvet Claws is a 1936 mystery film , based on the first Perry Mason novel by Erle Stanley Gardner and featuring the fourth and final appearance of Warren William as defense attorney Mason .
The Temptation of Barbizon ( French : La Tentation de Barbizon ) is a French fantasy - romance film from 1946 , directed by Jean Stelli , written by André - Paul Antoine and Marc - Gilbert Sauvajon , and starring Simone Renant and François Périer .
Justice of the Wild is a 1913 American silent short adventure film directed by Frank E. Montgomery starring Harry Van Meter , Mona Darkfeather , and Jack Messick .
Million Dollar Baby is a 2004 American sports drama film directed , co - produced and scored by Clint Eastwood , and starring Eastwood , Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman .
Condemned to Hang or Flesh for the Gallows ( Spanish : Carne de horca , Italian : Il terrore dell'Andalusia ) is a 1953 Italian - Spanish historical adventure film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring Rossano Brazzi , Fosco Giachetti and Emma Penella .
The Muppets Take Manhattan is a 1984 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Oz . It is the third of a series of live - action musical feature films starring Jim Henson 's Muppets with special appearances by Art Carney , James Coco , Dabney Coleman , Gregory Hines , Linda Lavin , and Joan Rivers .
Parodying television series such as Star Trek and its fandom , the film stars Tim Allen , Sigourney Weaver , Alan Rickman , Tony Shalhoub , Sam Rockwell , and Daryl Mitchell as the cast of a defunct television series called Galaxy Quest , in which the crew of a spaceship embarked on intergalactic adventures .
Pharaoh 's Army is a 1995 American film directed , written and produced by Robby Henson , starring Chris Cooper , Patricia Clarkson and Kris Kristofferson .
Since season 9 , Cyril Hanouna is the Nouvelle Star 's TV host .
My Letter to George ( aka Mesmerized and Shocked ) is a 1986 drama film directed by Michael Laughlin and starring Jodie Foster , John Lithgow and Michael Murphy .
The Beautician and the Beast is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Ken Kwapis and starring Fran Drescher and Timothy Dalton as the title characters .
Beverly of Graustark ( 1926 ) is a silent film directed by Sidney Franklin , starring Marion Davies , Antonio Moreno and Creighton Hale .
Lillian Gish as True Heart Susie Robert Harron as William Jenkins Clarine Seymour as Bettina Hopkins Kate Bruce as Bettina 's aunt Raymond Cannon as Sporty Malone Carol Dempster as Bettina 's friend George Fawcett as The Stranger Wilbur Higby as William 's father Loyola O'Connor as Susie 's aunt
Wicked as They Come ( Portrait in Smoke in the United States ) is a 1956 British film starring Arlene Dahl , Philip Carey and Herbert Marshall .
Capitaine Pantoufle ( English : Captain Pantoufle ) is a French comedy film of 1953 , directed by Guy Lefranc , written by Alfred Adam , starring Madeleine Lebeau and Louis de Funès .
Stripped to Kill is a 1987 erotic thriller / sexploitation film , it was directed by Katt Shea , and stars Greg Evigan , Kay Lenz & Norman Fell .
Deck Dogz is a 2005 Australian skater film , written and directed by Steve Pasvolsky and starring Sean Kennedy , Ho Thi Lu and Richard Wilson with a guest appearance by Tony Hawk .
Humor Risk ( 1921 ) was the first Marx Brothers film .
Lady Cops or Les Keufs is a 1987 French comedy film directed by Josiane Balasko .
Asalto a la ciudad ( English language : Assault on the City ) is a 1968 Argentine black and white crime film directed and written by Carlos Cores who also starred with Santiago Gómez Cou and Olga Zubarry .
Kunguma Pottu Gounder is a 2001 Tamil drama film directed by G. Saisuresh and produced by Vishnuram under Ganga Gowri Productions . The film stars Sathyaraj , Rambha in lead roles with Kausalya , Karan , Mouli and Goundamani in supporting roles .
Hard Ticket to Hawaii is a 1987 action adventure film starring Ronn Moss ( Rowdy Abilene ) , Dona Speir ( Donna ) , Hope Marie Carlton ( Taryn ) , Cynthia Brimhall ( Edy ) , and Harold Diamond ( Jade ) .
Z.P.G. ( short for `` Zero Population Growth '' ) is a 1972 Danish - American dystopian science fiction film starring Oliver Reed and Geraldine Chaplin and directed by Michael Campus .
Farewell , My Love is a 2001 action film by Randall Fontana starring Gabrielle Fitzpatrick , Phillip Rhys , and Robert Culp .
Mister Ten Per Cent is a 1967 British comedy film , directed by Peter Graham Scott and starring Charlie Drake .
Sumolah ( Let 's Sumo ! ) is a 2007 Malaysian action - comedy film starring Afdlin Shauki and featuring the Japanese sport of sumo wrestling .
Long Lasting Days ( Italian : Una vita lunga un giorno ) is a 1973 Italian crime drama film written and directed by Ferdinando Baldi and starring Mino Reitano .
Aazhakadal is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Shaan , featuring Kalabhavan Mani and Sruthi Lakshmi in the lead roles .
The Danger Line ( also known as The Battle ) is a 1924 American silent film directed by Édouard - Émile Violet and featuring Sessue Hayakawa , Tsuru Aoki , Gina Palerme and Francis Ward in pivotal roles .
Maine Dil Tujhko Diya ( English : I gave my heart to you ) is a 2002 Bollywood musical romantic drama film directed by and starring Sohail Khan who makes his acting debut along with another debuatant Sameera Reddy .
Get Married 2 is a 2009 Indonesian romantic comedy directed by Hanung Bramantyo and starring Nirina Zubir and Nino Fernandez .
Pola X is a 1999 French romantic drama film starring Guillaume Depardieu , Yekaterina Golubeva and Catherine Deneuve .
Lili Taylor as Julie Johnson Courtney Love as Claire Noah Emmerich as Rick Johnson Mischa Barton as Lisa Johnson Gideon Jacobs as Franky Johnson Spalding Gray as Mr. Miranda Patrick Fitzgerlad as Mike Donna Hanover as Catherine Miranda
The Extra is a 2005 Australian film starring Irish comedian Jimeoin .
Car - napping is a German comedy about international car thieves from 1980 with Bernd Stephan and Anny Duperey .
Tirangaa ( Hindi : तिरंगा , Tricolour ) is an Indian Patriotic film starring Raaj Kumar , Nana Patekar and Mamta Kulkarni , released in 1993 .
Udayon is a 2005 Malayalam film starring Mohanlal and directed by Bhadran . The film was a box office failure .
Mary Find the Gold ( or Mary - Find - the - Gold ) is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by George Pearson and starring Betty Balfour , Tom Coventry and Hugh E. Wright .
Our Italian Husband ( also called Rent - a - Husband or Mariti in affitto ) is a 2004 romantic comedy starring Brooke Shields , Maria Grazia Cucinotta , Chevy Chase and Pierfrancesco Favino written and directed by Ilaria Borrelli .
The Flower of the Indies ( French : La fleur des Indes ) is a 1921 French silent film directed by Théo Bergerat and starring Huguette Duflos , André Baugé and Geo Leclercq .
Rumor mills suggest that a rift was occurring between Kuo Chui and Lu Feng over choreography credits in previous films thus they came to an agreement that Kuo Chui would sit out 2 Champions of Shaolin and Lu Feng will sit out a later film , thus giving the role usually filled by Kuo to Lo Mang .
Hearts of Fire is a 1987 American musical drama film starring Bob Dylan , Fiona Flanagan ( billed only as `` Fiona '' ) and Rupert Everett .
Early Frost is a 1982 Australian thriller film starring Guy Doleman , Jon Blake , Diana McLean and David Franklin .
Safe in Hell is a 1931 American Pre - Code thriller film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Dorothy Mackaill and Donald Cook with featured performances by Morgan Wallace , Ralf Harolde , Noble Johnson and Nina Mae McKinney .
The Parallax View is a 1974 American political thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula , and starring Warren Beatty , Hume Cronyn , William Daniels and Paula Prentiss .
Turn the Key Softly is a 1953 British drama film , directed by Jack Lee and starring Yvonne Mitchell , Joan Collins , Kathleen Harrison and Terence Morgan .
Hips , Hips , Hooray ! is a 1934 American Pre - Code slapstick comedy film starring Bert Wheeler , Robert Woolsey , Ruth Etting , Thelma Todd , and Dorothy Lee .
Zion and His Brother is a 2009 French - Israeli drama film starring Reuven Badalov and Ronit Elkabetz .
No Money Needed ( German : Man braucht kein Geld ) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Hedy Lamarr , Heinz Rühmann and Hans Moser .
The State of Marriage is a 2015 documentary film about the origins of the marriage equality movement , focusing on the decades of grassroots advocacy by lawyers Mary Bonauto , Susan Murray , and Beth Robinson and the 1999 Vermont Supreme Court case Baker v. Vermont .
The Swan and the Wanderer ( Finnish : Kulkuri ja joutsen ) is a Finnish film telling the story of two very popular Finnish singer / songwriters , Tapio Rautavaara ( Tapio Liinoja ) and Reino Helismaa ( Martti Suosalo ) , who worked together until their relationship got frictious for a long time .
Angaara is a 1996 Bollywood movie directed by Anil Ganguly , and starring Mithun Chakraborty and Simran in lead roles , and music was by duo , Dilip Sen and Sameer Sen. It did not do well at the box office .
The Legend of Seven Cutter ( Hangul : 카리스마 탈출기 ; RR : Kariseuma Talchoolgi ; lit . `` Escaping from Charisma '' ) is a 2006 South Korean film starring Ahn Jae - mo and Yoon Eun - hye .
Un mauvais garçon ( English : Counsel for Romance ) is a 1936 French film featuring Danielle Darrieux .
Half - Wits Holiday marked the final appearance of Curly Howard as an official member of the slapstick comedy team .
Permanent Midnight is a 1998 independent drama film directed by David Veloz and starring Ben Stiller .
This Man Is Dangerous ( U.S. title : The Patient Vanishes ) is a 1941 British thriller film , directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring James Mason and Gordon McLeod .
Mont - Dragon is a 1970 French film directed by Jean Valère , starring Jaques Brel , François Prévost , Paul le Person and Catherine Rouvel , with a screenplay by Robert Margerit .
Girls of Today ( Italian : Ragazze d'oggi ) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Marisa Allasio .
Kaalamellam Kaathiruppen ( Tamil : காலமெல்லாம் காத்திருப்பேன் ; English : I Will Wait Forever ) is 1997 Tamil film directed by R. Sundarrajan .
Young Mr. Lincoln is a 1939 partly fictionalized biopic about the early life of President Abraham Lincoln , directed by John Ford and starring Henry Fonda .
Rajan Paranja Kadha is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Mani Swamy and produced by Mani M K. The film stars Kaviyoor Ponnamma , Jose Prakash , Sankaradi and Sukumaran in lead roles .
The Brute Man is a 1946 American horror thriller film starring Rondo Hatton as the Creeper , a murderer seeking revenge against the people he holds responsible for the disfigurement of his face .
December Bride centered around the adventures of Lily Ruskin , a spry widow played by Spring Byington , who was not , in fact , a `` December '' ( rather old ) bride but very much desired to become one if the right man would come along .
Pachuvum Kovalanum ( Malayalam : പാച്ചുവും കോവാലനും ) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Thaha , starring Mukesh , Suraj Venjaramood , Meghna Raj and Jyothirmayi in the lead roles .
Shatru is a 1986 hit film starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead in a role playing the role of an inspector in a remote village .
Caractacus tells them a tale about nasty Baron Bomburst ( Gert Fröbe ) , the tyrant of fictional Vulgaria , who wants to steal Chitty Chitty Bang Bang for himself .
The Curiosity of Chance is a 2006 comedy film directed by Russell P. Marleau , produced by Bigfoot Entertainment and starring Tad Hilgenbrink .
The show follows the life of Aída García ( Carmen Machi ) , who has to move to a somewhat seedy neighbourhood with her mother , Eugenia ( Marisol Ayuso ) , and brother , Luisma ( Paco León ) .
Our Vines Have Tender Grapes is an American drama film released in 1945 , which was directed by Roy Rowland , starring Edward G. Robinson and Margaret O'Brien .
Amar Sangi is a 1987 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Dipti Pal . The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Vijeta Pandit in the lead roles .
Dances with Wolves is a 1990 American epic western war film directed , produced by , and starring Kevin Costner .
It stars Kishore in the lead role as Vascodigama , a Kannada lecturer emphasizing his students on the above point ; and Parvathy Nair as Shanthi , an English lecturer in the same college , in the lead roles .
A One Man Show is a long - form music video collection featuring American singer Grace Jones , released in 1982 .
Pressed is a 2011 Canadian crime drama film directed by Justin Donnelly and starring Luke Goss , Tyler Johnston , Jeffrey Ballard , and Michael Eklund .
Vai Raja Vai ( English : Place it , king , place it ) is a 2015 Indian Tamil psychological thriller film written and directed by Aishwarya Dhanush , starring Gautham Karthik , Priya Anand , Vivek , Taapsee Pannu , Gayathri Raguram and Daniel Balaji .
Gold for the Tough Guys of the Prairie ( Danish : Guld til præriens skrappe drenge ) is a 1971 Danish comedy film directed by Finn Karlsson and starring Dirch Passer .
Heroes Among Heroes ( Chinese : 蘇乞兒 ) is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film produced and directed by Yuen Woo - ping and starring Donnie Yen as the titular protagonist , So Chan , whom was one of the Ten Tigers of Canton .
Kannum Karalum is a Malayalam language film starring Sathyan , Ambika Sukumaran , Sukumari , Kamal Haasan , and Vinodini .
Black Mama White Mama is a 1973 women in prison film with elements of blaxploitation , starring Pam Grier and Margaret Markov , and directed by Eddie Romero .
Goodbye Casanova was a 2000 made - for - TV romance film that starred Yasmine Bleeth and Gian - Carlo Scandiuzzi .
Model for Murder is a 1959 British crime film directed by Terry Bishop and starring Keith Andes , Hazel Court and Jean Aubrey .
The Astro - Zombies ‒ sometimes known as The Astro Zombies ( without the hyphenation ) , Space Zombies , and The Space Vampires ‒ is a 1968 science fiction horror film starring John Carradine , Wendell Corey ( in his final film appearance ) and Tura Satana .
The Velvet Vampire , also known as Cemetery Girls , is an American vampire movie from 1971 , directed by Stephanie Rothman , starring Celeste Yarnall , Michael Blodgett and Sherry Miles .
King of the Sands is a 2013 historical and biographical film , directed by Najdat Anzour , with the main characters starring Fabio Testi , Bill Fellows in the title roles .
Father Takes a Wife is a 1941 American comedy film starring Gloria Swanson and Adolphe Menjou .
My Son John is a 1952 American drama film , starring Robert Walker as a man whose parents suspect he may be working as a Communist spy .
The Altar of Ambition is a 1915 American silent short film directed by Archer MacMackin starring Jack Richardson , Louise Lester , Vivian Rich , Harry von Meter , and David Lythgoe .
Sreekrishna Parunthu is a 1984 Malayalam horror film directed by A. Vincent and featuring Mohanlal , Balan K. Nair and Jagathy .
Sir Arne 's Treasure ( Swedish : Herr Arnes pengar ) is a 1919 Swedish crime - drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller , starring Richard Lund , Hjalmar Selander , Concordia Selander and Mary Johnson .
Always Goodbye is a 1938 American romance drama film directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Barbara Stanwyck , Herbert Marshall , and Ian Hunter .
The Daily Express rated Four Lions 4/5 and praised the performances in particular , calling the film `` brilliantly cast with all the actors displaying sharp comic timing and both ( Riz ) Ahmed and ( Kayvan ) Novak also bringing out the touching humanity of their characters . ''
Huliya Haalina Mevu ( Kannada : ಹುಲಿಯ ಹಾಲಿನ ಮೇವು ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada historical period drama film directed by Vijay , based on a novel of the same name by Bharathisutha , and starring Rajkumar as Chengumani , a commander - in - chief in the 18th - century Coorg region of the present - day Karnataka .
Red Corner is a 1997 American mystery thriller film directed by Jon Avnet , and stars Richard Gere , Bai Ling and Bradley Whitford .
Rally Round the Flag , Boys ! is a 1958 film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Max Shulman , directed by Leo McCarey , starring Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward , and released by 20th Century Fox .
Le Dindon is a French comedy film from 1951 , directed by Claude Barma , starring Nadine Alari and Louis de Funès .
Women in Hospital ( German : Frauenstation ) is a 1977 West German drama film directed by Rolf Thiele and starring Horst Buchholz , Stephen Boyd and Lillian Müller .
Love 24x7 is a 2015 Indian Malayalam romantic comedy film written and directed by debutante Sreebala K Menon starring Dileep and debutante Nikhila Vimal in lead roles while Suhasini , Sashi Kumar , Lena and Sreenivasan plays the supporting roles .
The Case of the Curious Bride is a 1935 mystery film , the second in a series starring Warren William as Perry Mason , following The Case of the Howling Dog .
Where Are You Going , Alfonso XII ? ( Spanish:¿Dónde vas , Alfonso XII ? ) is a 1959 Spanish historical drama film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Vicente Parra , Paquita Rico and Mercedes Vecino .
Tarzan 's Magic Fountain is a 1949 Tarzan film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan and Brenda Joyce as his companion Jane .
Andrew Hansen : the leader of the CNNNN `` newsband '' , which would play musical commentary for some stories , and occasionally lyrically interact with the other members of the cast as if actually talking to them .
Now I 'll Tell One is a 1927 silent film starring Charley Chase .
Rayara Sose ( Kannada : ರಾಯರ ಸೊಸೆ ) is a 1957 Indian Kannada film produced by Pandari Bai and directed by R. Ramamurthy and K. S. Murthy .
Make Way for a Lady is a 1936 romantic comedy/ drama directed by David Burton , starring Herbert Marshall and Anne Shirley .
The Red Lily is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo , starring Ramon Novarro , Enid Bennett and Wallace Beery .
Sunstruck is a 1972 British - Australian comedy film directed by James Gilbert and starring Harry Secombe , Maggie Fitzgibbon and John Meillon .
The Rifleman is an American Western television program starring Chuck Connors as rancher Lucas McCain and Johnny Crawford as his son , Mark McCain .
The Strange Affair is a 1968 British crime film directed by David Greene , and starring Michael York , Jeremy Kemp and Susan George .
Uliyin Osai ( Tamil : உளியின் ஒசை , English : Sound of Chisel ) is a 2008 Indian Tamil Period Drama written by Karunanidhi and directed by Ilavenil , starring Vineeth in the lead role , with Keerthi Chawla .
The Serfs ( German : Die Leibeigenen ) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Heinrich George , Mona Maris and Maria Reisenhofer .
Rikky and Pete is a 1988 Australian film directed by Nadia Tass and written by David Parker starring Stephen Kearney and Nina Landis .
Move Over , Darling is a 1963 comedy film starring Doris Day , James Garner , and Polly Bergen and directed by Michael Gordon .
Billy the Kid and the Green Baize Vampire is a 1985 British musical film starring Phil Daniels and Alun Armstrong .
The Other Hell ( Italian : L'altro inferno , also known as Guardian of Hell ) is a 1981 Italian horror film written and directed by Bruno Mattei and starring Franca Stoppi and Carlo De Mejo .
Compromising Daphne is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Jean Colin , Phyllis Konstam , C.M. Hallard and Viola Compton .
Shiva Rajkumar as Anand / Kaddipudi Radhika Pandit as Uma Rangayana Raghu as Jinke Anant Nag as Sathya Murthy Rajesh Nataranga as Indresh / Gaali Sharath Lohitashwa as Shankarappa Renuka Prasad as Renukaji Balu Nagendra as Rekke Venkatesa Avinash as ACP Vijaya Prasad Girija Lokesh Aindrita Ray as Daisy ( cameo appearance )
Mabel 's Nerve ( 1914 ) is a comedy film starring Mabel Normand and directed by George Nichols .
After production difficulties , Viacom 18 Motion Pictures decided in December 2008 to rename the film after the Himesh Reshammiya song Tere Bina Jiya Nahin Jaye .
Decent Parties is a 2009 Malayalam - language film by Abraham Lincoln starring Jagadish .
Talk of a Million is a 1951 British film directed by John Paddy Carstairs starring Jack Warner , with an early appearance from Sid James .
What Happens Next , original title You Ca n't Have It All is a 2012 comedy film by director Jay Arnold starring Jon Lindstrom , Chris Murrah and Wendie Malick .
Violent Moment is a 1959 British drama film directed by Sidney Hayers and starring Lyndon Brook , Jane Hylton and Jill Browne .
No Monkey Business is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Gene Gerrard , June Clyde and Renée Houston .
It 's Love Again is a 1936 British musical film directed by Victor Saville and starring Jessie Matthews , Robert Young and Sonnie Hale .
Deadly Weapons is a 1974 American sexploitation film directed and produced by Doris Wishman , which starred striptease performer Chesty Morgan ( credited as Zsa Zsa ) .
Judgment Deferred is a 1952 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Hugh Sinclair , Helen Shingler and Abraham Sofaer .
Charlie Chan at the Wax Museum is a 1940 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as detective Charlie Chan .
Sam Whiskey is a 1969 American comedy - western film directed by Arnold Laven , and stars Burt Reynolds , Angie Dickinson , Clint Walker and Ossie Davis .
Mabel Normand as The Little Teacher Roscoe ' Fatty ' Arbuckle as Fat Student Mack Sennett as Tall Student Owen Moore as Teacher 's Fiancé Billie Brockwell ( uncredited ) Vivian Edwards ( uncredited ) Frank Hayes ( uncredited ) Frank Opperman ( uncredited )
Au diable la vertu ( English : To the demon virtuousness ) , is a French comedy film from 1954 , directed by Jean Laviron , written by François Chalais , starring Henri Génès and Louis de Funès .
Murder at the Cannes Film Festival is a 2000 television film directed by Harvey Frost , starring French Stewart and Karina Lombard .
L'Amour braque ( English : Mad love ) is a 1985 French romantic drama film directed by Andrzej Zulawski and starring Sophie Marceau , Francis Huster , and Tchéky Karyo .
Gopi Kishan is 1994 Hindi Movie directed by Deepak Shivdasani and starring Sunil Shetty in a double role , supported by Shilpa Shirodkar and Karishma Kapoor .
Moving McAllister is a 2007 American comedy film starring Mila Kunis , Jon Heder , Rutger Hauer , and Billy Drago .
Beauty 's Worth is a 1922 romantic drama film starring Marion Davies as an unsophisticated Quaker who falls in love .
Now I 'll Tell is a 1934 American drama film starring Spencer Tracy , Helen Twelvetrees , and Alice Faye .
Until Death is a 2007 American action film directed by Simon Fellows , and starring Jean - Claude Van Damme and Gary Beadle .
Vacations in Acapulco ( Spanish : Vacaciones en Acapulco ) is a 1961 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring Antonio Aguilar , Ariadna Welter and Fernando Casanova .
Kehtaa Hai Dil Baar Baar is a 2002 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rahul Dholakia and stars Jimmy Shergill , Kim Sharma , Paresh Rawal in pivotal roles .
Olympiyan Anthony Adam is a 1999 high - budget Malayalam film directed by Bhadran starring Mohanlal , Meena and Nassar in the lead roles .
There 's a Zulu On My Stoep ( in other countries , Yankee Zulu ) is a 1993 South African comedy film by the comedy filmmaker Gray Hofmeyr starring Leon Schuster and John Matshikiza .
Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey ( Hindi : खेलें हम जी जान से ) is an Indian Hindi period piece film directed by Ashutosh Gowariker , starring Abhishek Bachchan and Deepika Padukone in the lead roles .
A Wedding Invitation ( 分手合约 fēnshǒu héyuē , literal translation : breakup agreement ) is a 2013 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Ki Hwan Oh and starring Bai Baihe and Eddie Peng .
Les Braqueuses is a 1994 French comedy crime film , directed by Jean - Paul Salomé .
Miss Pacific Fleet is a 1935 American film featuring Joan Blondell and Glenda Farrell .
That Night in Rio is a 1941 Technicolor American musical comedy film directed by Irving Cummings and starring Alice Faye , Don Ameche and Carmen Miranda ( in a dual role as an American entertainer and an aristocratic businessman he is asked to impersonate temporarily ) .
The Sin of Madelon Claudet is a 1931 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Edgar Selwyn and starring Helen Hayes .
Hellphone is a 2007 French comedy horror film , directed by James Huth and stars Jean - Baptiste Maunier , Jean Dujardin and Édouard Collin .
Circus Kid ( also known as Circus Kids ) is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Wu Ma .
Raiders from Beneath the Sea is a 1964 Drama directed by Maury Dexter , starring Ken Scott and Merry Anders .
Shirley MacLaine as Madame Sousatzka Navin Chowdhry as Manek Shabana Azmi as Sushila Peggy Ashcroft as Lady Emily Robert Rietty as Leo Milev Twiggy as Jenny Leigh Lawson as Ronnie Lee Montague as Vincent Pick
I Do n't Kiss ( French : J'embrasse pas ) is a 1991 French drama film directed by André Téchiné , starring Manuel Blanc , Emmanuelle Béart and Philippe Noiret .
The Dirty Dozen is a 1967 American war film directed by Robert Aldrich , released by MGM , and starring Lee Marvin .
Peep World is a 2010 American comedy - drama film directed by Barry W. Blaustein and starring an ensemble cast , including Ron Rifkin , Lesley Ann Warren , Ben Schwartz , Michael C. Hall , Sarah Silverman , Rainn Wilson , Kate Mara , Judy Greer , Stephen Tobolowsky , Taraji P. Henson , and Alicia Witt .
Chicago Confidential is a 1957 film directed by Sidney Salkow , starring Brian Keith , Beverly Garland and Dick Foran .
Animal Room is a 1995 American drama / thriller film directed , produced , and written by Craig Singer and starring Neil Patrick Harris as a bullied drug - using teenager and Matthew Lillard as the bully who loves to torment Harris 's character .
To Kill a King is a 2003 English Civil War film starring Tim Roth , Rupert Everett and Dougray Scott , directed by Mike Barker .
Won by a Fish is a 1912 silent film comedy directed by Mack Sennett and starring Mary Pickford .
Not Any Weekend for Our Love ( French : Pas de week - end pour notre amour ) , is a French film from 1950 , directed by Pierre Montazel , written by Pierre Montazel , and starring by Luis Mariano .
Frankenstein Meets the Space Monster ( sometimes stylized as Frankenstein Meets the Spacemonster ) ( 1965 ) is a science fiction cult film , directed by Robert Gaffney and starring Marilyn Hanold , James Karen , and Lou Cutell .
Klaus Maria Brandauer as Alfie / Carlo Tetrocini , Tetro 's father .
Jeanette MacDonald had been off the screen for five years until her return in Three Daring Daughters ( 1948 ) , but The Sun Comes Up was to be her last .
What You Mean We ? is the title of a 1986 American made - for - television musical short film starring the performance artist Laurie Anderson , who also wrote and directed the piece .
The Great Flamarion ( Erich von Stroheim ) is an arrogant , friendless , and misogynous marksman who displays his trick gunshot act in the vaudeville circuit .
The Plunderer is a 1924 silent American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Evelyn Brent .
The Adventures of Tugboat Annie is a 1957 Canadian - filmed comedy television series starring Minerva Urecal as Annie Brennan , the widowed captain of the tugboat `` Narcissus , '' and Walter Sande as Horatio J. Bullwinkle , the captain of the `` Salamander . ''
A Bag of Hammers is a 2011 American comedy - drama film directed by Brian Crano and written by Crano and Jake Sandvig , who co - stars in the film with Jason Ritter .
Calcutta Mail is a 2003 Indian thriller film starring Anil Kapoor , Rani Mukerji and Manisha Koirala .
Alien Souls is a lost 1916 silent film feature directed by Frank Reicher and starring Sessue Hayakawa , his real - life wife Tsuru Aoki and Earle Foxe .
A Fool and His Money is a 1925 silent film starring William Haines and Madge Bellamy and is based on a novel by George Barr McCutcheon .
Wine for the Confused is a documentary hosted by John Cleese .
La Vérité sur Bébé Donge ( aka The Truth About Bebe Donge or UK title : The Truth of Our Marriage ) is a 1952 French film directed Henri Decoin , and starring Danielle Darrieux and Jean Gabin .
The Dallas Connection is a 1994 action adventure film starring Bruce Penhall , Mark Barriere and Julie Strain .
I Want Him Dead ( Italian : Lo voglio morto , Spanish : Lo quiero muerto ) is a 1968 Italian - Spanish Spaghetti Western film directed by Paolo Bianchini and starring Craig Hill .
Who 's Been Sleeping in My Bed ? is a 1963 movie comedy starring Dean Martin , Elizabeth Montgomery , and Carol Burnett , and directed by Daniel Mann .
Veetla Visheshanga ( Tamil : வீட்ல விசேஷங்க ) is a 1994 Tamil film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj .
A Lot like Love is a 2005 romantic comedy - drama film directed by Nigel Cole and starring Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet .
La liceale al mare con l'amica di papà ( The high school girl at the beach with dad 's friend ) is a 1980 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Marino Girolami and starring Renzo Montagnani .
Les Grands Ducs ( English : The Big Dukes ) is a 1996 comedy film stars Jean - Pierre Marielle , Philippe Noiret , Jean Rochefort and Catherine Jacob .
Unaccompanied Minors ( called Grounded in the UK and Ireland ) is a 2006 Christmas comedy film directed by Paul Feig , starring Lewis Black and Wilmer Valderrama , and co - starring Tyler James Williams , Dyllan Christopher , Brett Kelly , Gia Mantegna , and Quinn Shephard .
Seven Waves Away ( alternate U.S. titles : Abandon Ship ! and Seven Days From Now ) is a 1957 British drama film starring Tyrone Power , Mai Zetterling , Lloyd Nolan , and Stephen Boyd .
Lonely Joe is a 2009 horror film which stars Erica Leerhsen .
Bride for Rent is a 2014 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Mae Czarina Cruz starring Kim Chiu and Xian Lim .
Confessions of a Dangerous Mind is a 2002 biographical spy comedy film depicting the life of popular game show host and producer Chuck Barris , who claimed to have also been an assassin for the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) .
The Houston Story is a 1956 American film noir directed by William Castle starring Gene Barry , Barbara Hale and Edward Arnold .
Do Numbri is a 1998 Hindi - language action film directed by T L V Prasad , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Sneha , Suvarna Mathew , Sadashiv Amrapurkar , Johnny Lever and Manoj Joshi
American Aristocracy is a 1916 American silent adventure / comedy - drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and starring Douglas Fairbanks .
Cani e gatti ( Italian : Dogs and cats ) is a 1952 Italian comedy film starring Titina De Filippo and Umberto Spadaro .
The Secret of Dr. Mabuse or The Death Ray of Dr. Mabuse ( German : Die Todesstrahlen des Dr. Mabuse ) is a 1964 science fiction crime film directed by Hugo Fregonese and Victor De Santis and starring Peter van Eyck , O.E. Hasse and Yvonne Furneaux .
Netru Indru Naalai ( English : Yesterday , Today , Tomorrow ) is a Kollywood film , starring Ravi Krishna ( of 7 G Rainbow Colony fame ) .
Thai Mozhi is a Tamil language film directed by R. R. Ilavarasan , starring Sarath Kumar , with Vijayakanth in a guest appearance .
Deadhead Miles is a 1973 American road comedy film directed by Vernon Zimmerman from a script by Terence Malick , and starring Alan Arkin .
Prinz Louis Ferdinand is a 1927 German silent historical film directed by Hans Behrendt and starring Kurt Junker , Christa Tordy , Hans Stüwe and Jenny Jugo .
My Wife , the Movie Star ( German : Meine Frau , die Filmschauspielerin ) is a 1919 German silent comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Ossi Oswalda , Paul Biensfeldt and Victor Janson .
William 's Wish Wellingtons is an animated BBC children 's television series produced by Hibbert Ralph Entertainment ( who had previously created Spider ) , which was aired on BBC One from 25 October 1994 to 27 November 1995 ; it was narrated by Andrew Sachs ( of Fawlty Towers fame ) .
Mandya to Mumbai , which was earlier named as Anekere Beedhi , is a Kannada film written and directed by Vaardhik joseph , produced by S.Jyothi Lingam under the banner Sree Neela Durga Parameshwari combines starring Rakesh Adiga and Amrutha rao in the lead roles .
Death Is a Woman ( US : Love is a Woman ) is a 1966 British mystery film directed by Frederic Goode and starring Trisha Noble ( previously a pop singer known as Patsy Ann Noble , now appearing in her first movie ) , Mark Burns and Shaun Curry .
National Lampoon 's Thanksgiving Family Reunion is a 2003 TV movie about a Thanksgiving family reunion of the Sniders , starring Bryan Cranston as Woodrow Snider , Judge Reinhold as Dr. Mitch Snider and Penelope Ann Miller as Jill Snider .
L'année des méduses ( The Year of the Jellyfish ) is a French drama film inspired by a novel by Christopher Frank , directed by Frank himself with Valérie Kaprisky and Bernard Giraudeau .
Elsk meg i morgen ( English : `` Love me tomorrow '' ) is a 2005 Norwegian comedy film directed by Petter Næss , starring Per Christian Ellefsen and Sven Nordin .
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is a 2003 romantic comedy film directed by Donald Petrie , starring Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey .
Poi Satchi is a 1982 Tamil film directed by K. Bhagyaraj , starring K. Bhagyaraj and Radhika
Ride the High Country ( released in the UK as Guns in the Afternoon ) is a 1962 American Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Randolph Scott , Joel McCrea , and Mariette Hartley .
All Things Fall Apart is a 2011 American drama film starring Ray Liotta , 50 Cent , Mario Van Peebles , and Lynn Whitfield .
Fearless Fagan is a 1952 film directed by Stanley Donen and stars Janet Leigh and Carleton Carpenter .
Down and Dirty Duck , promoted under the abbreviated title Dirty Duck , is a 1974 American adult animated comedy film directed by Charles Swenson and starring Mark Volman and Howard Kaylan ( Flo & Eddie ) as the voices of a strait - laced blue collar worker named Willard and an unnamed duck , among other characters .
The King 's Speech won seven British Academy Film Awards , including Best Picture , Best Actor ( Firth ) , Best Supporting Actor ( Rush ) , and Best Supporting Actress ( Helena Bonham Carter ) .
Gérard Depardieu - Boudu Gérard Jugnot - Christian Catherine Frot - Yseult Constance Dollé - Coralie Bonnafet Tarbouriech - Perez Hubert Saint - Macary - Bob Dominique Ratonnat - Le médecin Jean - Paul Rouve - Hubert Serge Riaboukine - Géronimo Jean - Pierre Foucault - Himself
Originally titled Blues For Lovers , Ballad in Blue was a 1964 film starring R&B legend Ray Charles .
North Sea Texas ( Dutch : Noordzee , Texas ) is a 2011 Flemish drama film and the first feature from cult director Bavo Defurne , starring Jelle Florizoone and Mathias Vergels .
Aryamala was a 1941 Tamil - language film starring P. U. Chinnappa , M. S. Sarojini , M. R. Santhanalakshmi and T. S. Balaiah in the lead roles .
McDull , Prince de la Bun ( 麥兜菠蘿油王子 , McDull , the prince of the pineapple bun with butter ) is a 2004 animated Hong Kong film directed by Toe Yuen and starring the voices of Andy Lau , Sandra Ng and Anthony Wong .
Officer 444 is a 1926 film serial directed by Francis Ford and Ben F. Wilson , produced by Goodwill Productions and released by the independent Davis Distributing Division .
Roped was a 1919 American Western / comedy film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey .
Africa Express is a 1975 Italian adventure film starring Ursula Andress , Giuliano Gemma , and Jack Palance that was filmed in Rhodesia .
King for a Night is a 1933 American Pre - Code crime film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Chester Morris , Helen Twelvetrees and Alice White .
Big Stan is a 2007 American prison comedy directed and produced by Rob Schneider , who also starred in the film .
Her Night Out is a 1932 British comedy film directed by William C. McGann and starring Dorothy Bartlam , Lester Matthews and Joan Marion .
Fatal Beauty is a 1987 American comedic action thriller film starring Whoopi Goldberg and Sam Elliott , directed by Tom Holland .
Les Chiefs follows the Laval Chiefs , a semi - pro team that plays in the LHSPQ , from the beginning of the 2001 - 2002 season until the start of the 2002 - 2003 season .
Sagebrush Trail ( UK title An Innocent Man ) is a 1933 American Pre - Code Western film with locations filmed at Bronson Canyon starring John Wayne and featuring Lane Chandler and Yakima Canutt .
Kanavan ( English : The Husband ) , is a 1968 Indian Tamil directed by Pa . Neelakandhan , starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and Jayalalitha with C. R. Vijayakumari , S. A. Asokan , Cho among others .
Hello God is a 1951 semi - documentary film with a pacifist message , starring Errol Flynn as a soldier .
Too Dangerous to Live is a 1939 British crime film directed by Anthony Hankey and Leslie Norman and starring Sebastian Shaw , Anna Konstam and Reginald Tate .
J. Warren Kerrigan as Rory o ' the Bogs William Walters Edith Bostwick Jessalyn Van Trump George Periolat William Abbott Harold Lloyd as Posse Member ( uncredited )
Everybody Does It is a 1949 comedy film starring Paul Douglas , Linda Darnell and Celeste Holm .
Gentlemen Marry Brunettes is a 1955 romantic musical comedy film produced by Russ - Field productions , starring Jane Russell and Jeanne Crain , and released by United Artists .
Beloved Corinna ( German : Geliebte Corinna and also known as Corinna Darling ) is a 1956 German drama film directed by Eduard von Borsody and starring Elisabeth Müller .
Bromo and Juliet is a 1926 American silent comedy film starring Charley Chase with an appearance by Oliver Hardy .
Ginger in the Morning is a 1974 comedy film starring Sissy Spacek as a hitchhiker .
The Flash Legs ( Chinese title : 太極八蛟 ; Cantonese : Tài jí bā jiǎo . `` The Ultimate Eight Feet '' ) , also released as Shaolin Deadly Kicks , is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Ma Wu and starring Tao - liang Tan and Lo Lieh .
So F**king Rock Live ( also known as So Fucking Rock Live ) is a DVD released by Australian musician and stand - up comedian Tim Minchin .
Moondru Mugam ( Tamil : மூன்று முகம் , English : Three Faces ) is a 1982 Tamil feature film starring Rajinikanth in triple roles as Alex Pandian , Arun and John .
The Strangler is a 1964 crime thriller , directed by Burt Topper and starring Victor Buono , David McLean , Davey Davison and Ellen Corby , with a screenplay by Bill S. Ballinger .
Chhoti Bahen is a 1959 Hindi film that stars Nanda in the title role , and Balraj Sahni , Rehman .
Peter and Vandy is a 2009 American romantic independent drama film starring Jason Ritter and Jess Weixler .
Jake Speed is a 1986 action / comedy film directed by Andrew Lane , produced by Lane , Wayne Crawford , and William Fay , written by Lane and Crawford , and starring Crawford in the title role .
Manasellam is a 2003 medium - budget Tamil film starring Srikanth and Trisha .
His Women ( Italian : Il mantenuto ) is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by and starring Ugo Tognazzi .
Nasibo ( Punjabi : ਨਸੀਬੋ ) , also spelled as Naseebo , is a 1994 Punjabi film , directed by Manmohan Singh , starring Raj Babbar , Kavita Kamal ( Kimi Verma ) , Preeti Sapru , Amitoj Maan and others .
Infinitely Polar Bear is a 2014 American slice - of - life drama written and directed by Maya Forbes , and starring Mark Ruffalo , Zoe Saldana , Imogene Wolodarsky , and Ashley Aufderheide .
Whoever Slew Auntie Roo ? is a 1971 British horror - thriller film directed by Curtis Harrington and starring Ralph Richardson , Shelley Winters and Mark Lester .
Hit the Saddle is a 1937 `` Three Mesquiteers '' Western B - movie starring Bob Livingston , Ray Corrigan , Max Terhune , and Rita Hayworth , before she became famous .
Démolition d'un mur ( English : Demolition of a wall ) is a 1895 French short black - and - white silent film directed and produced by Louis Lumière and starring his brother Auguste Lumière , along with two other men .
Mercury Rising is a 1998 American political action thriller film film starring Bruce Willis and Alec Baldwin .
The Bridal Chair is a British silent motion picture of 1919 directed by G. B. Samuelson and starring Miriam J. Sabbage , C. M. Hallard , Daisy Burrell and Mary Rorke .
Dancers in the Dark is a 1932 American Pre - Code film about a taxi dancer ( Miriam Hopkins ) , a big band leader ( Jack Oakie ) , and a gangster ( George Raft ) .
Gola Barood is a 1989 Hindi - language Indian action film directed by David Dhawan , starring Shatrughan Sinha and Chunky Pandey in lead roles .
Sakshatkara ( Kannada : ಸಾಕ್ಷಾತ್ಕಾರ , translation : Realization ) is a 1971 Kannada drama film directed by Puttanna Kanagal featuring Rajkumar , Jamuna and Prithviraj Kapoor .
Spring Parade is a 1940 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Deanna Durbin .
Elmer , the Great is a 1933 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Mervyn LeRoy , starring Joe E. Brown and Patricia Ellis .
Why Why Love ( Chinese : 換換愛 ; pinyin : Huan Huan Ai ) is a 2007 Taiwanese Drama starring Rainie Yang , Mike He and Kingone Wang .
Hum Ho Gaye Aapke is a 2001 Bollywood film , directed by Agathiyan and stars Fardeen Khan and Reema Sen in the lead roles .
Tu Chor Main Sipahi ( In Hindi - तु चोर , मै सिपाही ) is a film casting Akshay Kumar , Saif Ali Khan , Tabu and Pratibha Sinha in the lead roles .
Sexton Blake and the Mademoiselle is a 1936 British crime film directed by Alex Bryce and starring George Curzon as Sexton Blake .
The Pride of the Clan is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur , and starring Mary Pickford and Matt Moore .
Novo is a 2002 romantic comedy film starring Eduardo Noriega .
A Child 's Hope ( Simplified Chinese : 孩有明天 ) is a MediaCorp TV Channel 8 Chinese drama which stars Tay Ping Hui , Phyllis Quek and Huang Biren .
Female on the Beach is a 1955 feature film starring Joan Crawford and Jeff Chandler in a story about a widow and her beach bum lover .
The Lavender Hill Mob is a 1951 comedy film from Ealing Studios , written by T.E.B. Clarke , directed by Charles Crichton , starring Alec Guinness and Stanley Holloway and featuring Sid James and Alfie Bass .
Love Phobia ( Hangul : 도마뱀 ; RR : Domabaem ; lit . `` Lizard '' ) is a 2006 South Korean romance drama film directed by Kang Ji - eun and starring Jo Seung - woo and Kang Hye - jung .
In the woods outside of Cherry Falls , Virginia , a teenage couple , Rod Harper ( Jesse Bradford ) and Stacy Twelfmann ( Bre Blair ) are getting romantic in a car when a black - haired female appears and murders them both .
You Can Tell ' Em I Said It is a stand up DVD by comedian Eddie Griffin , released by Comedy Central .
Shot in India partly in 1967 in 35 mm film and partly thirty years later in 1997 in video , Beyond Words is one of only three or four films ever shot of the silent master Meher Baba that include synchronized sound and the only film shot of him in color 35 mm .
The Lyons in Paris ( also called The Lyons Abroad and Mr. and Mrs. in Paree ) is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Val Guest and starring Ben Lyon , Bebe Daniels and Reginald Beckwith .
The Last Boy Scout is a 1991 American action film directed by Tony Scott , starring Bruce Willis , Damon Wayans , Chelsea Field , Noble Willingham , Taylor Negron and Danielle Harris .
Ormayundo Ee Mukham ( Do You Remember This Face ) is a 2014 Malayalam romantic musical film written and directed by Anvar Sadik , featuring Vineeth Sreenivasan and Namitha Pramod in the lead roles .
Priya O Priya is a 1997 Tollywood film starring Abbas , Simran and Naveen in lead roles .
Circle of Danger is a 1951 British thriller film directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Ray Milland , Patricia Roc and Naunton Wayne .
The Shrimp on the Barbie is a 1990 comedy film directed by Michael Gottlieb ( under the pseudonym Alan Smithee ) and starring Cheech Marin .
Somewhere I 'll Find You is a film starring Clark Gable and Lana Turner , directed by Wesley Ruggles , and released by Metro - Goldwyn Mayer in 1942 .
Santa Quest is a 2014 documentary film that follows Canadian actor John Dunsworth as he rekindles his faith in Santa Claus and represents Canada at the Santa Winter Games in Sweden in an attempt to become the world 's best Santa Claus .
Murder at Monte Carlo is an English 1934 mystery crime thriller film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Errol Flynn , Eve Gray , Paul Graetz and Molly Lamont , the production was Flynn 's debut film in a lead role in England .
Judgement of God ( French : Le Jugement de Dieu ) , is a French drama film from 1952 , directed by Raymond Bernard , written by Jean Montazel , and starring by Andrée Debar and Louis de Funès .
Nilaavinte Naattil is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Vijay Menon starring Prem Nazir , Seema , Bharath Gopi , Lalu Alex and M. G. Soman .
They Call It Murder is a 1971 American television film directed by Walter Grauman , starring Jim Hutton .
The Creature Was n't Nice ( also known as Naked Space and Spaceship ) is a 1981 U.S. motion picture written and directed by Bruce Kimmel .
Man to Men ( French : D'homme à hommes is a 1948 French - Swiss historical drama film directed by Christian - Jaque and starring Jean - Louis Barrault , Bernard Blier and Hélène Perdrière .
Rio Belongs to Us ( Portuguese : O Rio nos Pertence ! ) is a 2013 Brazilian drama - thriller film written and directed by Ricardo Pretti , starring Leandra Leal , Mariana Ximenes and Jiddu Pinheiro .
Fast Companions is a 1932 American pre - Code sports drama film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Tom Brown , Maureen O'Sullivan and James Gleason .
We Joined the Navy is a 1962 British comedy film produced by Daniel M. Angel and directed by Wendy Toye which stars Kenneth More , Lloyd Nolan , Joan O'Brien , Derek Fowlds , Graham Crowden , Esma Cannon and John Le Mesurier .
Manushulu Marali ( Telugu : మనుషులు మారాలి ) is a 1969 Telugu drama film directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao and starring Shoban Babu and Sharada .
Unlikely Angel is a 1996 American Christmas TV movie starring Dolly Parton which premiered on CBS in 1996 .
The Strange Countess ( German : Die seltsame Gräfin ) is a 1961 West German crime film directed by Josef von Báky and starring Joachim Fuchsberger based on Edgar Wallace 's 1925 book of the same title .
Nanda Loves Nanditha ( Kannada : ನಂದ ಲವ್ಸ್ ನಂದಿತ ) is a 2008 Indian Kannada language film directed by B. N. Vijayakumar starring Yogesh and Nandita in the lead roles .
The Todd Killings is a 1971 psychological thriller , directed by Barry Shear and starring Robert F. Lyons , Richard Thomas , Belinda Montgomery , and Barbara Bel Geddes .
Rajesh Khanna plays the title role of Chhailla Babu .
Band Baaja Baaraat ( English : Bands Horns and Revelry ; released internationally as Wedding Planners ) is a 2010 Bollywood romance comedy directed by debutant Maneesh Sharma and stars Anushka Sharma with newcomer Ranveer Singh in the lead roles .
Thoda Pyaar Thoda Magic ( English : A Little Love , A Little Magic ) is a 2008 Hindi film with Saif Ali Khan and Rani Mukerji in lead roles , and Rishi Kapoor and Ameesha Patel in special appearances .
A Dandy in Aspic is a 1968 Technicolor and Panavision British spy film , directed by Anthony Mann , based on the novel of the same name by Derek Marlowe and starring Laurence Harvey , Tom Courtenay and Mia Farrow .
Murder in the Music Hall is a 1946 American musical mystery film starring Vera Ralston , William Marshall , Helen Walker , and Nancy Kelly ( Kelly 's last theatrical film for ten years ) .
Frankie & Alice is a 2010 Canadian drama film directed by Geoffrey Sax starring Halle Berry .
Street Justice is an American action crime drama series starring Carl Weathers and Bryan Genesse .
Hunt the Man Down is a 1951 American film noir directed by George Archainbaud starring Gig Young .
Trapped in a Forest Fire is a 1913 American silent short film directed by Gilbert P. Hamilton starring Charlotte Burton , Sydney Ayres , Jacques Jaccard , Violt Neitz , Louise Lester , Jack Richardson , Vivian Rich , and Harry von Meter .
Oru Thaai Makkal ( Tamil : ஒரு தாய் மக்கள் English : Sons of a Mother ) , is a 1971 Indian Tamil romantic comedy - drama directed by Pa . Neelakandhan , starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role , with M. N. Nambiar , J. Jayalalitha , R. Muthuraman , among others enacting supporting roles .
Aesyetes was also given as the father of Antenor by Cleomestra .
William Blachford ( born 1730 ; died 1773 ) was the father of poet Mary Tighe ; from 1766 to 1773 he was librarian of Marsh 's Library , Dublin .
Dr. Gregorio Montenemayor - Fernández ( May 25 , 1904 -- March 11 , 1973 ) also known as Gregorio Fernandez was a film actor and director , and father of Rudy Fernandez .
As a result , the Lombard garrison in Ticinum proclaimed Duke Cleph the new king , and Helmichis , rather than going to war against overwhelming odds , escaped to Ravenna with Longinus ' assistance , taking with him his wife , his troops , the royal treasure and Alboin 's daughter Albsuinda .
Irene of Trebizond ( died after 1382 ) was the bigamous wife of Basil of Trebizond , by whom he had two sons , Alexios and John ( later Alexios III of Trebizond ) , and possibly two daughters , Maria and Theodora .
Heinrich Wilhelm Herbert Wohlfarth ( 5 June 1915 -- 13 August 1982 ) was a successful World War II U - boat commander .
Leutnant Gustav Frädrich ( born 29 November 1892 , date of death unknown ) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Heinrich Bongartz Pour le Merite , Royal House Order of Hohenzollern , Iron Cross , ( 31 January 1892 -- 23 January 1946 ) was a German World War I fighter pilot and flying ace credited with 33 confirmed victories and one unconfirmed .
Throughout the Vietnam War , Lê Duẩn took an aggressive posture .
Winston Churchill was fond of the Mauser C96 and used one at the 1898 Battle of Omdurman and during the Second Boer War ;
The Giant Void ( also known as the Giant Void in NGH , Canes Venatici Supervoid , and AR - Lp 36 ) is an extremely large region of space of underdensity of galaxies within the constellation Canes Venatici .
Lambda Leporis ( λ Lep ) is a star in the constellation Lepus .
HD 90853 , also called s Carinae ( s Car ) , is a star in the constellation Carina .
HD 82943 ( 164 G. Hydrae ) is a yellow dwarf star approximately 89 light - years away in the constellation of Hydra .
14 Arietis ( abbreviated 14 Ari ) is a star in the constellation of Aries .
Lowery Glacier ( 82 ° 35′S 163 ° 15′E ) is a glacier about 60 nautical miles ( 110 km ) long , which flows north from Prince Andrew Plateau , Antarctica , along the east side of the Queen Elizabeth Range to enter Nimrod Glacier .
Holdsworth Glacier ( 86 ° 30′S 154 ° 0′W ) is a tributary glacier about 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) long , flowing northeast from Fuller Dome to enter the southeast side of Bartlett Glacier , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Walsham Rocks is a group of rocks lying 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) east of Buff island , at the southwest end of the Palmer Archipelago , off the coast of Antarctica .
Guerrero Glacier ( 78 ° 32′S 84 ° 15′W ) is a glacier about 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long in Doyran Heights , draining from the southeast slopes of Mount Havener southwest of Beloslav Peak to the south side of Taylor Spur , in the southeast part of the Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Dimcha Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Димча , `` Vrah Dimcha '' \'vr&h ' dim - cha\ ) is the rocky , partly ice - free peak rising to 650 m in southeastern Poibrene Heights on Blagoevgrad Peninsula , Oscar II Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Heed Rock ( 64 ° 59′S 63 ° 47′W ) is a very small rock , awash at high water and virtually hidden from sight , lying 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of Brown Island in the Wauwermans Islands in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Emeline Island is a conspicuous rocky island rising to over 100 m ( 328 ft ) in the Aitcho group on the west side of English Strait in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Inclusion Hill ( 77 ° 15′S 166 ° 26′E ) is a prominent steeply conical hill , 335 metres ( 1,100 ft ) high , between McDonald Beach and the Mount Bird icecap on Ross Island , Antarctica .
Grazzini Bay is an ice - filled coastal embayment , 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) , between Gentile Point and Fisher Point on the east side of the Darley Hills , in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
The Grove Mountains are a large , scattered group of mountains and nunataks extending over an area of approximately 40 by 20 miles ( 60 by 30 km ) , located 100 miles ( 160 km ) east of the Mawson Escarpment in American Highland , Antarctica .
Kosco Glacier ( 84 ° 27′S 178 ° 0′W ) is a glacier about 20 nautical miles ( 40 km ) long , flowing from the Anderson Heights vicinity of the Bush Mountains of Antarctica northward to enter the Ross Ice Shelf between Wilson Portal and Mount Speed .
Schloredt Nunatak ( 75 ° 3′S 134 ° 15′W ) is a nunatak 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) south of Bleclic Peaks , at the south extremity of the Perry Range in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Keller Peninsula is a high peninsula separating Mackellar Inlet and Martel Inlet in Admiralty Bay , on King George Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Bond Point is a small ice - free headland on the south coast of western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica forming the northeast side of the entrance to Kavarna Cove .
Cape Worsley ( 64 ° 39′S 60 ° 24′W ) is a dome - shaped cape 225 m high with snow - free cliffs on the south and east sides , lying 10 nautical miles ( 18 km ) east of the south end of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
The Meteorite Hills ( 79 ° 40′S 155 ° 36′E ) are a group of hills , 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long , forming the western portion of the Darwin Mountains in Antarctica .
Chavei Cove ( Bulgarian : залив Чавеи , `` Zaliv Chavei '' \'za - liv cha-'ve - i\ ) is the 2.2 km wide cove indenting for 900 m the southeast coast of Rozhen Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica entered east of Gela Point .
Hessler Peak ( 79 ° 37′S 84 ° 2′W ) is a sharp peak , 1,670 metres ( 5,480 ft ) high , at the south end of Dunbar Ridge in the Heritage Range in Antarctica .
LaForrest Rock ( 85 ° 6′S 164 ° 32′W ) is a rock outcrop 1.5 nautical miles ( 3 km ) west of the mouth of Strom Glacier , along the low , ice - covered north slopes of the Duncan Mountains , Antarctica .
Puccini Spur ( 70 ° 3′S 70 ° 38′W ) is a rock spur , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long , extending southwest into the Mozart Ice Piedmont close south of Mahler Spur in the north part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Kuber Peak ( Vrah Kuber \'vr&h ' ku - ber\ ) is a 770 m peak in Delchev Ridge , Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Holst Point ( 65 ° 32′S 63 ° 50′W ) is a point at the head of Beascochea Bay which divides it into two arms , on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Viking Heights is a prominent flat - topped mountain , 2,960 m , between Tanngarden Peaks and Mount Wideroe in the Sor Rondane Mountains , Antarctica .
Eremiya Hill ( Bulgarian : Еремийски хълм , `` Eremiyski Halm '' \e - re-'miy - ski ' h&lm\ ) is an ice - covered hill rising to 863 m in the west part of Marescot Ridge on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
McDonald Bay is an open bay in the Davis Sea , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) wide at its entrance between Adams Island and the Haswell Islands , lying immediately west of Mabus Point on the coast of Antarctica .
Ferrier Peninsula is a narrow peninsula , 2.4 km ( 1.5 mi ) long , forming the eastern end of Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
Cape Hattersley - Smith ( 71 ° 51′S 61 ° 4′W ) is a cape marked by a triangular rock peak at the southeast end of Condor Peninsula , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) southwest of Cape Knowles , on the Black Coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Rodman Cove is a cove south of Cape Lindsey on the west coast of Elephant Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
The Marion Nunataks are a small group of nunataks rising to about 600 m ( 2,000 ft ) on Charcot Island , in the eastern Bellinghausen Sea of Antarctica .
Moran Buttress ( 85 ° 31′S 125 ° 38′W ) is a steep bluff 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of Koopman Peak , rising over 2,600 metres ( 8,500 ft ) and forming a major projection between Davisville Glacier and Quonset Glacier along the north wall of the Wisconsin Range in Antarctica .
George V Land is a segment of Antarctica part of the land claimed as part of the Australian Antarctic Territory , inland from the George V Coast .
Mrahori Saddle ( Bulgarian : седловина Мрахори , `` Sedlovina Mrahori '' \se - dlo - vi-'na mra-'ho - ri\ ) is the ice - covered saddle of elevation 1350 m on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica linking Kyustendil Ridge to the north to Lovech Heights to the south .
Kvithamaren Cliff ( 71 ° 59′S 5 ° 2′E ) is a cliff just east of Slokstallen Mountain in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Hedley Glacier ( 77 ° 48′S 162 ° 7′E ) is a small glacier in the Kukri Hills of Victoria Land , Antarctica , flowing south from Mount Coates into Ferrar Glacier .
Inverleith Harbour is a small bay between Andrews Point and Briggs Peninsula along the northeast coast of Anvers Island , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
The Madder Cliffs are reddish rock cliffs which form the north side of the entrance to Suspiros Bay , at the west end of Joinville Island , Antarctica .
Katedralen Canyon ( 71 ° 52′S 6 ° 33′E ) is an ice - filled canyon with steep rock cliffs indenting the northwest side of Jøkulkyrkja Mountain , in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Knack Point ( 85 ° 15′S 118 ° 50′W ) is a point at the termination of a flat - topped spur which marks the north end of the Long Hills in the Horlick Mountains of Antarctica .
Mount Solus ( 68 ° 50′S 65 ° 33′W ) is a conspicuous , isolated mountain ( 1,290 m ) in the center and near the mouth of Weyerhaeuser Glacier , in southern Graham Land , the northernmost part of the mainland of Antarctica .
The latter wrote about the view from Slogen as `` one of the proudest in Europe '' .
Beloslav Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Белослав , `` Vrah Beloslav '' \'vr&h be - lo-'slav\ ) is the peak rising to 2100 m in Doyran Heights , southeast Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica , and surmounting Guerrero Glacier to the southwest and Sikera Valley to the east .
Mansergh Snowfield ( 82 ° 1′S 159 ° 50′E ) is a snowfield in Antarctica feeding the central portion of Starshot Glacier , separating the Surveyors Range and Holyoake Range .
The Kershaw Ice Rumples ( 78 ° 45′S 75 ° 40′W ) are a large area of disturbed ice between Fletcher Ice Rise and Korff Ice Rise , in the southwestern part of the Ronne Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
The Flatvaer Islands ( Norwegian : Flatvær ) , also known as the Ongul Islands are a group of small islands , of which Ongul Island is the largest , lying at the east side of the entrance of Lützow - Holm Bay , 4 km from the coastline of Antarctica .
Isluga is part of the Andean Volcanic Belt , the volcanic zone on the western side of South America where the Nazca plate is subducted beneath the South American plate .
Mount Lopatin ( 72 ° 51′S 168 ° 4′E ) is a mountain , 2,670 metres ( 8,760 ft ) high , situated 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) east - southeast of Mount Riddolls in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Crystal Sound ( 66 ° 23′S 66 ° 30′W ) is a sound in Antarctica between the southern part of the Biscoe Islands and the coast of Graham Land , with northern limit Cape Evensen to Cape Leblond and southern limit Holdfast Point , Roux Island , Liard Island and the Sillard Islands .
Helms Bluff ( 78 ° 29′S 164 ° 25′E ) is a prominent north - facing bluff 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) east of Mount Morning in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Hallett Ridge ( 71 ° 15′S 176 ° 50′E ) is an undersea ridge in the Ross Sea , off the coast of Antarctica .
Mount Fridovich ( 85 ° 27′S 148 ° 12′W ) is a small mountain in Antarctica , 440 metres ( 1,440 ft ) high , standing at the north side of the terminus of Leverett Glacier and marking the western limit of the Harold Byrd Mountains .
Mount F. L. Smith ( 83 ° 38′S 169 ° 29′E ) is a mountain , 2,635 metres ( 8,650 ft ) high , standing 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) northeast of Mount Fox in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica .
Gela Point ( Nos Gela \'nos ge-'la\ ) is a point on the southeast coast of Rozhen Peninsula on Livingston Island , Antarctica formed by an offshoot of Yambol Peak .
Dreyfus Point is a rounded low point on the west coast of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula , western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Fowler Islands ( 66 ° 25′S 66 ° 26′W ) are a group of small islands lying between the Bernal Islands and the Bragg Islands in Crystal Sound , off the coast of Antarctica .
Batuliya Point ( Bulgarian : нос Батулия , `` Nos Batuliya '' \'nos ba-'tu - li - ya\ ) is an ice - free tipped point forming the east extremity of Robert Island and the south side of the entrance to Tsepina Cove in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Lemanis Valley ( 80 ° 1′S 155 ° 50′E ) is a partly ice - free valley intruded at the entrance by a lobe of ice from Hatherton Glacier , lying between Ituna Valley and Lindum Valley and 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) west - northwest of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range , Antarctica .
Siddins Point ( 62 ° 32′41.8``S 60 ° 26′05''W ) is a point projecting into the middle of the head of Hero Bay on the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Halfway Nunatak ( 78 ° 23′S 161 ° 6′E ) is an isolated nunatak in the Antarctica , on the west side of The Landing , and almost in the center of the upper Skelton Glacier .
Giza Peak ( 71 ° 20′S 68 ° 16′W ) is a peak rising to about 600 metres ( 2,000 ft ) on the east side of the Fossil Bluff massif , eastern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Horizon Bluff ( 77 ° 54′S 160 ° 27′E ) is a steep bluff at the head of Beacon Valley , rising to 2,275 metres ( 7,460 ft ) to the west of Friedmann Valley in the Quartermain Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Rapa Nui Point is a rocky point projecting 180 m westwards into Shirreff Cove from the west coast of the small ( 2.6 km by 1.6 km ) ice - free promontory forming the north extremity of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula , western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and ending up in Cape Shirreff .
Cape Wood ( 71 ° 24′S 169 ° 18′E ) is a point marking the east extremity of Flat Island at the western entrance to Robertson Bay , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Haskill Nunatak ( 83 ° 24′S 51 ° 45′W ) is an elongate nunatak , 1,710 metres ( 5,610 ft ) high , standing 2.5 nautical miles ( 5 km ) west of Dyrdal Peak in the southern Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
The Moss Islands are a group of small islands and rocks lying east of Midas Island and north of Apéndice Island in Hughes Bay , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Golubaya Bay ( 69 ° 58′S 9 ° 50′E ) is a bay in the southeast extremity of Kamenev Bight , along the ice shelf fringing the coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Festive Plateau ( 79 ° 24′S 157 ° 30′E ) is an ice - covered plateau over 2,200 metres ( 7,200 ft ) high , about 10 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long and 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) wide , just north of Mount Longhurst in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
Johnstone Ridge ( 80 ° 8′S 156 ° 40′E ) is a mainly ice - free ridge in the Britannia Range , Antarctica , extending for 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) northward from Mount Olympus toward the south side of Hatherton Glacier .
Moore Pyramid ( 70 ° 18′S 65 ° 8′E ) is a snow - covered mountain , resembling a pyramid , standing 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) northwest of Mount Wishart on the north side of Scylla Glacier in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Ufs Island ( 67 ° 28′S 61 ° 8′E ) is a rocky island 3.2 km ( 2 mi ) wide , lying in the east part of Howard Bay , Antarctica , just north of the Lachal Bluffs , and about 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) west of Allison Bay .
MacKinnon Glacier ( 71 ° 32′S 163 ° 13′E ) is a glacier flowing northward along the west side of Reilly Ridge into Sledgers Glacier in the Lanterman Range of the Bowers Mountains , Antarctica .
Ongley Island is a rugged rocky island lying off the north coast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mount Woollard ( 80 ° 33′S 96 ° 43′W ) is a mountain ( 2,675 m ) nearly 240 km ( 150 mi ) west of the Heritage Range , Ellsworth Mountains , in Antarctica .
Midas Island is an island lying north - west of Apéndice Island in Hughes Bay , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Zavala Island ( Bulgarian : остров Завала , `` Ostrov Zavala '' ' os - trov ' za - va - la ) is an ice - free island in the Dunbar group off the northwest coast of Varna Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Gobamme Rock ( 68 ° 22′S 41 ° 56′E ) is an exposed rock standing on the coast between Kozo Rock and Byōbu Rock in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Grimes Ridge ( 74 ° 38′S 110 ° 30′W ) is a high , mostly ice - covered ridge at the north side of Holt Glacier on Bear Peninsula , Walgreen Coast , in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Mount Frazier ( 77 ° 52′S 154 ° 58′W ) is the northernmost peak of the Rockefeller Mountains , standing 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) north of Mount Jackling on Edward VII Peninsula in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Scuttle Valley ( 76 ° 38′S 161 ° 9′E ) is a small deglaciated valley with meltwater lakes that lies parallel to and just south of Towle Glacier in the Convoy Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Avalanche Rocks ( 66 ° 31′S 98 ° 2′E ) is a vertical rock outcrop rising to 185 metres ( 600 ft ) , midway between Delay Point and Jones Rocks on the west side of Melba Peninsula , Antarctica .
Gargoyle Bastion is a rocky headland rising to 60 m on the northwest coast of Varna Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and forming the south side of the entrance to Hydra Cove and the northeast side of the entrance to Griffin Cove .
Cotopaxi is an active stratovolcano in the Andes Mountains , located in the Latacunga canton of Cotopaxi Province , about 50 km ( 31 mi ) south of Quito , and 33 km ( 21 mi ) northeast of the city of Latacunga , Ecuador , in South America .
Varna Peninsula ( Poluostrov Varna \po - lu-'os - trov ' var - na\ ) is a roughly rectangular predominantly ice - covered peninsula forming the northeast extremity of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Azerbaijan ( i/ˌæzərbaɪˈdʒɑːn/ AZ - ər - by - JAHN ; Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan ( ɑzærbɑjdʒɑn ) ) , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Respublikası ) , is a transcontinental country in the Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Western Asia .
Barlow Island is a small ice - free island off the north coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica extending 380 by 160 m ( 420 by 170 yd ) , surface area 5.28 hectares ( 13 acres ) .
Due to its geographical position in the north of South America , the Magdalena River was since precolumbian times a route towards the interior of today Colombia and Ecuador .
Cape Gerlache ( 66 ° 30′S 99 ° 2′E ) is a cape which forms the northeast tip of Davis Peninsula , Antarctica , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) southeast of David Island .
Preslav Crag ( Vrah Preslav \'vr&h pre-'slav\ ) is a sharp peak rising to approx . 600 m in Friesland Ridge , Tangra Mountains , eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Koski Glacier ( 85 ° 17′S 167 ° 15′E ) is an east - flowing glacier , 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long , draining the east - central portion of the Dominion Range icecap , Antarctica .
The Paraguay River ( Río Paraguay in Spanish , Rio Paraguai in Portuguese , Ysyry Paraguái in Guarani ) is a major river in south - central South America , running through Brazil , Bolivia , Paraguay and Argentina .
Lake Miers ( 78 ° 6′S 163 ° 51′E ) is a small lake in Miers Valley , Antarctica , lying 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) east of the snouts of Miers Glacier and Adams Glacier , and filled by meltwater from these glaciers .
Klevekåpa Mountain ( 72 ° 2′S 7 ° 37′E ) is an icecapped mountain , 2,910 metres ( 9,550 ft ) high , with an abrupt southeast rock face , standing close northwest of the mouth of Snuggerud Glacier in the Filchner Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Edith Ronne Land is the portion of Antarctica bounded by Palmer Land and Ellsworth Land to the west , Queen Elizabeth Land to the south , and Coats Land to the east .
Andrews Peak ( 72 ° 17′S 165 ° 25′E ) is an Antarctic peak , 2,400 metres ( 7,900 ft ) high , in the Destination Nunataks , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of Pyramid Peak in northern Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Fleece Glacier ( 65 ° 54′S 63 ° 10′W ) is a tributary glacier that enters Leppard Glacier on its north side about 1.5 nautical miles ( 3 km ) east of Moider Peak , on the east side of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Albrecht Penck Glacier ( 76 ° 40′S 162 ° 20′E ) is a glacier between the Fry Glacier and the Evans Piedmont Glacier , draining northeast toward Tripp Bay on the coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Bradley Ridge ( 70 ° 14′S 65 ° 15′E ) is a rock ridge in Antarctica , about 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) southeast of Mount Peter in the Athos Range , Prince Charles Mountains .
Kinsey Ridge is a flat - topped , partly ice - covered ridge in the middle of Strauss Glacier , near the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Lieske Glacier ( 80 ° 5′S 156 ° 50′E ) is a tributary glacier draining the north slopes of Mount Olympus in the Britannia Range , Antarctica , and flowing north between Johnstone Ridge and Dusky Ridge into Hatherton Glacier .
Mount Steere is a prominent shield volcano standing 6.4 km ( 4 mi ) NNW of Mount Frakes in the Crary Mountains of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Paradise Harbor , also known as Paradise Bay , is a wide embayment behind Lemaire and Bryde Islands in Antarctica , indenting the west coast of Graham Land between Duthiers and Leniz Points .
Maury Bay ( 66 ° 33′S 124 ° 42′E ) is an ice - filled bay indenting the coast of Antarctica just east of Cape Lewis .
An Antarctic oasis is a large area naturally free of snow and ice in the otherwise ice - covered continent of Antarctica .
Lasher Spur ( 69 ° 6′S 66 ° 39′W ) is a prominent mountain spur trending northwest from the Kelvin Crests , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) east - northeast of the Triune Peaks , Fallières Coast , Antarctica .
Mozart Ice Piedmont ( 70 ° 0′S 71 ° 0′W ) is an ice piedmont , 60 nautical miles ( 110 km ) long - running in a NW - SE direction and 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) wide in its widest part , on the west coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Lichen Hills ( 73 ° 18′S 162 ° 0′E ) are an escarpment - like range of hills located 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the Caudal Hills on the west margin of upper Rennick Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Cape Lewis ( 66 ° 30′S 124 ° 30′E ) is an ice - covered cape at the west side of Maury Bay , on the coast of Antarctica .
Gray Glacier ( 82 ° 23′S 159 ° 35′E ) is a glacier in the Cobham Range , Antarctica .
Shostakovich Peninsula is an ice - covered peninsula lying north of Stravinsky Inlet and extending into Bach Ice Shelf in southern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mount Mahony ( 77 ° 12′S 161 ° 36′E ) is a massive mountain , 1,870 metres ( 6,140 ft ) high , standing just east of the head of Victoria Upper Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Fitzgerald Glacier ( 73 ° 33′S 166 ° 15′E ) is a prominent valley glacier draining to Lady Newnes Bay from the ice cascades on the south and west slopes of Mount Murchison , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Republic of the Congo ( French : République du Congo ) , also known as Congo , Congo Republic , West Congo , or Congo - Brazzaville , is a country located in Central Africa .
Hkakabo Razi ( Burmese : ခါကာဘိုရာဇီ , pronounced : ( kʰàkàbò ɹàzì ) ; simplified Chinese : 开加博峰 ; traditional Chinese : 開加博峰 ; pinyin : Kāijiābó Fēng ) is Burma 's highest mountain , and with its height of 5,881 m ( 19,295 ft ) the highest mountain in South East Asia .
Geikie Inlet ( 75 ° 30′S 163 ° 0′E ) is an inlet along the coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica , formed between the cliffs of the Drygalski Ice Tongue on the north and Lamplugh Island and the seaward extension of Clarke Glacier on the south .
Guenter Bluff ( 70 ° 40′S 159 ° 44′E ) is a prominent rock bluff on the west side of Pomerantz Tableland , in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica .
Matchless Mountain ( 76 ° 38′S 161 ° 35′E ) is a mountain which rises to 1,140 metres ( 3,740 ft ) on the south margin of Fry Glacier , at the juncture of Atka Glacier , in the Convoy Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Galata Cove ( Bulgarian : залив Галата , `` Zaliv Galata '' \'za - liv ' ga - la - ta\ ) is the 1.93 km wide cove indenting for 2.18 km the northeast coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
The Holmes Hills ( 72 ° 8′S 63 ° 25′W ) are a group of ridges and nunataks rising to about 1,700 metres ( 5,600 ft ) between Runcorn Glacier and Beaumont Glacier , bounded to the southwest by the Brennecke Nunataks , in south - central Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Isachsen Mountain is a large mountain rising to 2,750 metres ( 9,020 ft ) , standing 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ; 5 mi ) southeast of Mount Bergersen in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica .
Montrol Rock ( 62 ° 58′S 56 ° 21′W ) is the largest of a group of rocks lying east of Cape Juncal , D'Urville Island , in the Joinville Island group of Antarctica .
Palombia ( officially , Estados Unidos de Palombia ) is a small country in South America .
Chochoveni Nunatak ( Bulgarian : нунатак Чочовени , `` Nunatak Chochoveni '' \'nu - na - tak cho - cho-'ve - ni\ ) is the rocky hill rising to 650 m in the southwest part of Cugnot Ice Piedmont on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Komsomolets Island is home to the largest ice cap in Russia , the Academy of Sciences Ice Cap .
Prague ( /ˈprɑːɡ/ ; Czech : Praha , ( ˈpraɦa ) , German : Prag ) is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic .
Wrzelowiec ( vʐɛˈlɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Jarčina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јарчина ) is a system of rivers and canals in the Srem region of Vojvodina province of Serbia with a total length of 53 km , which empties into the Sava river .
Pedda Gollapalem is village in Nidamarru hamlet , Kruthivennu mandal , located in Krishna district on the sea coast of Bay of Bengal , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Bolu Province ( Turkish : Bolu ili ) is a province in northwestern Turkey .
Rętwiny ( rɛntˈfinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomin , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Platanoussa ( Greek : Πλατανούσσα , before 1927 : Ραψίστα - Rapsista ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Katsanochoria , Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Gorenje Radulje ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈɾaːduljɛ ) ; in older sources also Gorenje Radovlje , German : Oberradelstein ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia .
The Kuala Lumpur Butterfly Park ( Malay : Taman Rama Rama Kuala Lumpur ) is a large public butterfly zoo in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Buloba is an urban area in Wakiso District in the Central Region of Uganda .
Mount Ithome ( Greek : Ἰθώμη ) or Ithomi , previously Vourkano or Vurcano before being changed back to Ithome , is the northernmost of twin peaks in Messenia , Greece .
Sopieszyno - Wybudowanie ( sɔpjɛˈʂɨnɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Diamer District ( also called Diamir district ) is one of the nine districts of the Gilgit - Baltistan region of Pakistan .
Alvastra is a small village in Ödeshög Municipality in eastern Sweden .
Rada Tilly is a town in Escalante Department , Chubut Province ( Patagonia ) , Argentina .
Jebel Aabeby is an archaeological site approximately 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) southeast of Sidon , to the west of the road north to Qraye in Lebanon .
Aitat , or Aytat , is a town located 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) west of the town of Aley within the district of the same name in the Lebanese governorate of Mount Lebanon .
Macapá is a city in Brazil and the capital of Amapá state in the country 's North Region .
The Shangri - La Hotel , Tokyo is a five - star luxury hotel located over 13 floors of the Marunouchi Trust Tower Main in Marunouchi , directly above Tokyo Station in Chiyoda , Tokyo , Japan .
Club Universitario de Pando is a professional football team based in Pando Department , Bolivia that competes in the Bolivian Primera División .
Duninowo ( duniˈnɔvɔ ) ( German Dünnow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Jhook is a Village in Mahendragarh Tehsil in Mahendragarh District of Haryana State , India .
Riddargatan is a street in central Stockholm , the capital of Sweden .
Podbočje ( pronounced ( pɔdˈboːtʃjɛ ) ; German : Heiligenkreuz ) is a village on the right bank of the Krka River in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Heart Research Institute ( HRI ) is a not - for - profit research facility , originally based in Camperdown , New South Wales , Australia and currently based in Newtown , New South Wales .
Jenjarom , a village located in Selangor , Malaysia about 55 km west of Kuala Lumpur in the Kuala Langat district .
Adelaide Writers ' Week , held in the capital of South Australia since 1960 and considered one of the world 's pre - eminent literary events , is a traditional part of the Adelaide Festival of Arts where attendees meet and discuss literature with Australian and international writers in `` Meet the Author '' sessions , readings and lectures .
Leithe is the northwesternmost part of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany .
Barjangsar is a village located in Ratangarh tehsil in Rajasthan , India .
Pirəsora ( also , Pirasora ) is a village and the most populous municipality , eother than the capital Lerik , in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Roales or Roales del Pan is a municipality located in the Tierra del Pan comarca , province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
Wandolin ( vanˈdɔlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Totonacapan refers to the historical extension where the Totonac people of Mexico dominated , as well as to a region in the modern state of Veracruz .
Lourdes - de - Joliette Airport , ( TC LID : CSE3 ) , is a registered aerodrome located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) north of Lourdes - de - Joliette , Quebec , Canada .
The Haidersee is a lake in South Tyrol , Italy , which belongs to the municipality of Graun i m Vinschgau .
Enamakkal Lake is a fresh water lake situated in Enamakkal of Thrissur District in Kerala State , India .
Bétou is a town on the right bank of the Ubangi River in the Likouala Department , Republic of the Congo .
Killone ( Irish : Cill Eoin ) is a civil parish of County Clare , Ireland , to the southwest of Ennis .
Ganj Dareh ( Persian : تپه گنج دره ; `` Treasure Valley '' in Persian , or `` Treasure Valley Hill '' if tepe / tappeh ( hill ) is appended to the name ) is a Neolithic settlement in the Iranian Kurdistan portion of Iran .
Cheshmeh Avash ( Persian : چشمه اوش‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Āvash ; also known as Cheshmeh Āveshk ) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Musée d'Angoulême , formerly the Musée des beaux - arts d'Angoulême , is a public museum in Angoulême , France .
Maļinova ( historically and locally known as Maļinovka ) is a medium size village in Maļinova parish , Daugavpils municipality , Latvia and a parish centre .
Melgven ( Breton : Mêlwenn ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
The Sebkha de Ndrhamcha is a large salt pan in Mauritania that is about 25 miles in diameter .
Tabubil is a planned , company operated township located in the Star Mountains area of the North Fly District of Western Province , Papua New Guinea .
Hall Prison ( Swedish : Anstalten Hall ) is a prison facility 5 kilometres southeast of Södertälje , Sweden .
Mand - e Sofla ( Persian : مندسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mand - e Soflá ; also known as Kontekī and Mand - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mandrayal is a town in the state of Rajasthan , India , with a population of 8590 .
The Sanda Secondary School ( Swedish : Sandagymnasiet ) is a secondary school in Huskvarna , Sweden , opened for the 1970 - 1971 school year .
Kukavica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кукавица ) is a mountain in central Serbia , near the town of Vladičin Han .
Villundy ( Tamil : வில்லூன்றி ) is a village administrative division in Trincomalee Town and Gravets in Trincomalee , Sri Lanka .
Ürkməzli ( also , Urkmagly and Urkmezli ) is a village and municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Santa Maria della Colonna is a Baroque style church in central Naples , Italy .
Lake Kisale is a lake in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) , in Bukama Territory , Haut - Lomami District .
The Kuvend of Dukagjin ( Albanian : Kuvendi i Dukagjinit ) is a Cultural Monument of Albania .
Kerċem ( Maltese : Ta ' Kerċem ) is a village on the island of Gozo , Malta , with a population of 1,938 people as of March 2014 .
The Avon Wilderness Park is a pristine wilderness area in the southern part of the Victorian Alps , located in Australia .
The College of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering or ( CEME ) is the largest constituent college of the National University of Sciences and Technology , Pakistan .
Nergi ( Persian : نرگي‎ , also Romanized as Nergī ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Baron Byng High School was located at 4251 St. Urbain Street , in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Niellé is a town in the far north of Ivory Coast .
Sde Nahum ( Hebrew : שְׂדֵה נַחוּם , lit . Nahum Field ) is a kibbutz in the Beit She'an Valley in northern Israel .
Shawdon Hall is a privately owned 18th - century country house at Hedgeley , near Alnwick , Northumberland ( grid reference NU09261432 ) , northern England , United Kingdom .
Osuna is a town and municipality in the province of Seville , southern Spain , in the autonomous community of Andalusia .
Fanatik is one of the most popular sports magazines in Turkey .
Machu Qullqa ( Quechua machu old , old person , qullqa , qulqa deposit , storehouse , `` old deposit '' ) is an archaeological zone in Peru .
Bao'an Station ( Chinese : 保安車站 ; pinyin : Bǎo'ān Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Rende District , Tainan , Taiwan .
Tykadłów ( tɨˈkadwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sang - e Bariha Industrial Complex ( Persian : مجتمع كارخانه هاي صنعتي وسنگبريها‎ -- Mojtame`-ye Kārkhāneh Hāy Şanʿatī va Sang - e Barīhā ) is a village and company town in Borkhar - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Arnstadt Hauptbahnhof or Arnstadt Central Station is a railway station in the town of Arnstadt in Thuringia , Germany .
Socola Monastery or Schimbarea la Față ( `` Transfiguration '' ) was a Romanian Orthodox establishment located in the eponymous quarter of southern Iaşi , Romania .
Azri'el ( Hebrew : עַזְרִיאֵל ) is a religious moshav in central Israel .
Yekyundyu ( Russian : Екюндю ; Sakha : Өкүндү ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Yekyundinsky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 28 kilometers ( 17 mi ) from Vilyuysk , the administrative center of the district .
Bernam Street ( Chinese : 柏南街 ) is a one - way street located in Tanjong Pagar in Singapore .
Inshas is a city located in Bilbeis , Sharkiya Governorate 60 kilometers east of Cairo , Egypt .
Hilchenbach is a town in the Siegen - Wittgenstein Kreis ( district ) of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Tomingaj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Томингај ) is a village in Croatia located within the municipality of Gračac .
Mehtar Kalateh ( Persian : مهتركلاته‎ , also Romanized as Mehtar Kalāteh ) is a village in Sadan Rostaq - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kordkuy County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Caleruega is a small town and municipality in the autonomous community of Castile - Leon , Spain .
El Senbellawein ( Egyptian Arabic : السنبلاوين IPA : ( es senbellæˈweːn , -sem- ) ) is a city in the Dakahlia Governorate of Egypt .
Gurtork ( Persian : گورترك‎ , also Romanized as Gūrtork ; also known as Gūrtorj ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Yusefi Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Château - d'Œx ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃɑto dɛ ) ) is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Ponte Giacomo Matteotti ( or briefly Ponte Matteotti ) , formerly Ponte del Littorio , is a bridge that links Lungotevere Arnaldo da Brescia to Piazza delle Cinque Giornate in Rome ( Italy ) , in the Rione Prati and in the Flaminio and Della Vittoria quarters .
Tetepare Island is the largest uninhabited island in the South Pacific , located at 8.716667 ° S 157.55 ° E. It is a part of Western Province of the Solomon Islands .
Borgo Val di Taro is a town and comune in Emilia , Italy , in the Province of Parma , 63 kilometres ( 39 miles ) from the city of Parma .
Corvera de Asturias ( Asturian : Corvera or Corvera d'Asturies ) is a municipality in the principality of Asturias in northern Spain .
The Rio Abiseo National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional del Río Abiseo ) is located in the San Martín department of Peru .
Takada Castle ( jap . 高田城 , Takada - jō ) is a Japanese castle in Jōetsu in Niigata Prefecture in Japan .
Shahrak - e Saduqi ( Persian : شهرك صدوقي‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Şadūqī ) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Bear Monument ( German : Bärendenkmal ) is a monument to bears in the Harz mountains of central Germany .
Dogra Art Museum , Jammu previously known as the Dogra Art Gallery is a museum of Dogra cultural heritage housed in the Pink Hall of the Mubarak Mandi complex , Jammu , India .
Tuhrina ( Hungarian : Turina ) is a municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Stiška Vas ( pronounced ( ˈstiːʃka ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Stiška vas , German : Sittichsdorf ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Hang Jebat Stadium ( Malay : Stadium Hang Jebat ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Krubong , Malacca , Malaysia named after Malaysian hero Hang Jebat which is the home of Melaka United .
Mäntsälä railway station ( Finnish : Mäntsälän rautatieasema , Swedish : Mäntsälä järnvägsstation ) is located in the town of Mäntsälä , Finland , approximately 60 kilometres ( 40 mi ) from Helsinki Central railway station .
The Istanbul Railway Museum ( Turkish : İstanbul Demiryolu Müzesi ) is a railway museum situated within the historical İstanbul Sirkeci Terminal at Sirkeci neighborhood of Fatih district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Kalisz Pomorski ( ˈkalʲiʂ pɔˈmɔrskʲi ) ( German : Kallies ) is a small town in Drawsko County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland with about 4,500 inhabitants .
Carelmapu ( lit . from Mapudungun `` Green Land '' ) is a port and town ( Spanish : pueblo ) at the western end of Chacao Channel , southern Chile .
Salband ( Persian : سالبند‎ , also Romanized as Sālband ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Dūmān ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chah - e Shomareh - ye Do ( Persian : چاه شماره 2 ‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Shomāreh - ye Do ; also known as Golshanābād and Golshanābād - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Kavirat Rural District , Kavirat District , Aran va Bidgol County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mount John University Observatory ( MJUO ) , is New Zealand 's premier astronomical research observatory .
Stary Podoś ( ˈstarɨ ˈpɔdɔɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy - Bramura , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Peralta de Calasanz ( Spanish : ( peˈɾalta ðe kalaˈsanθ ) ) or Peralta de Calassanç ( Catalan : ( pəˈɾaɫtə ðə kəɫəsans ) , locally : ( peˈɾaɫta ðe kalaˈsans ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
Sakuk ( Persian : سكوك‎ , also Romanized as Sakūk ) is a village in Zaboli Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Aubenas is a commune in the southern part of the Ardèche department in the Rhône Valley in southern France .
Tulak District is located in the southwestern part of the Ghor Province , Afghanistan .
Starachowice ( staraxɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a town in south - central Poland ( historic Lesser Poland ) , with 51,532 inhabitants ( 31.03.2013 ) .
Ban Ahong ( Thai : บ้านอาฮง ) , is a riverside village in northeastern Thailand on the banks of the Mekong .
Qurum ( also written Qurm ) is an upmarket suburb of Muscat in Oman .
Mahki ( Persian : مهكي‎ , also Romanized as Mahkī ) is a village in Rumeshkhan Rural District , Central District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Niestkowo ( ɲestˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Nesekow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Patriotic Youth League ( PYL ) was a youth organisation in Australia .
The Archaeological Survey of India has declared the Wangath Temple complex at Naranag as centrally protected monuments of India .
The Queensland Urban Utilities ( QUU ) , the trading name of the Central SEQ Distributor - Retailer Authority , a statutory authority of the Government of Queensland , is responsible for the delivery of retail water supply and wastewater services across five local government areas in South East Queensland , in Australia .
Awjila ( Berber : Awilan , Awjila , Awgila ; Arabic : أوجلة‎ ; Latin : Augila ) is an oasis town in the Al Wahat District in the Cyrenaica region of northeastern Libya .
Tut Aghaj ( Persian : توت اغاج‎ , also Romanized as Tūt Āghāj ; also known as Tut - agach ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wersk ( vɛrsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Limbaži ( pronunciation , Estonian : Lemsalu , German : Lemsal , Livonian : Lämmist nīn ) is a town in the Vidzeme region of northern Latvia .
Lukashi ( Ukrainian : Лукаші ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Azghan ( Persian : اذغان‎ , also Romanized as Āzghān and Āz̄ghān ; also known as Ārghān , Askol , and Azgan ) is a village in Azghan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zandvlei Estuary Nature Reserve ( also spelt `` Sandvlei '' ) is a 300-hectare ( 740-acre ) nature reserve and recreational area located in Cape Town , South Africa .
Frankfurt Eschersheim station is a railway station located in the Eschersheim district of Frankfurt , Germany .
Kirawsk ( Belarusian : Кіраўск , Russian : Кировск , Kirovsk ) is an urban settlement in Mahilyow Voblast , Belarus , the administrative center of Kirawsk Raion .
Puntagorda is a village and a municipality in the northwestern part of the island of La Palma , Canary Islands , Spain .
Cape Chaunar , Cape Nun , Cap Noun , Cabo de Não or Nant is a cape on the Atlantic coast of Africa , in southern Morocco , between Tarfaya and Sidi Ifni .
Lööne is a village in Valjala Parish , Saare County , Estonia , on the island of Saaremaa .
Yendi is a town and the capital of Yendi Municipal district , district in the Northern Region of north Ghana .
Mauritsstad ( or Mauritius ) was the capital of Dutch Brazil , and is now a part of the Brazilian city of Recife .
South Kynouria ( Greek : Νότια Κυνουρία - Notia Kynouria ) is a municipality in the Arcadia regional unit , Peloponnese , Greece .
Lillesand Town- and Maritime Museum ( Norwegian : Lillesand by- og sjøfartsmuseum ) is a museum of cultural history of Lillesand in Aust - Agder County , Norway .
Prasat Kravan ( Khmer : ប្រាសាទក្រវាន់ ) is a small 10th - century temple consisting of five reddish brick towers on a common terrace , located at Angkor , Cambodia south of the artificial lake or baray called Srah Srang .
The Purling Brook Falls or sometimes incorrectly Purlingbrook Falls , a horsetail waterfall on the Purling Brook , is located in the UNESCO World Heritage -- listed Gondwana Rainforests in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
Kozłówka Landscape Park ( Kozłowiecki Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) situated in south - eastern Poland , in Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship .
Morgenzon ( Dutch for morning sun ) is a small farming town situated on the banks of the Osspruit River ( Ox Stream ) with an important agricultural school in Mpumalanga province , South Africa .
IFK Askersund is a sports club in Askersund , Sweden , established 1 February 1895 .
Elliniko ( Greek : Ελληνικό , meaning `` Greek '' ) is a suburb of Athens , Greece .
Ballygar ( Irish : Béal Átha Ghártha ) is a town in County Galway , Ireland .
The Duino Mithraeum is a Mithraeum located near Duino , in the province of Trieste , north - eastern Italy .
Irdynivka ( Ukrainian : Ірдинівка ) is a rural settlement subordinated to Smila city council of Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) in central Ukraine .
Andrychów ( anˈdrɨxuf ) ( German : Andrichau ) is the largest town in Wadowice County in southern Poland , in Little Beskids , in historical region Lesser Poland , with 22,257 inhabitants as of 2006 .
The European Energy Centre and Centro Studi Galileo work with the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) the Intergovernmental International Institute of Refrigeration and Centro Studi Galileo , along with leading Universities such as Edinburgh Napier University and Heriot - Watt University in promoting the use of renewable energy technologies across the United Kingdom .
The Tarragon Theatre is a theatre in Toronto , Canada , and one of the main centers for contemporary playwriting in the country .
Kostanjevec ( pronounced ( kɔˈstaːnjɛʋəts ) ) is a settlement in the hills west of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Pulau Busing is an island located off the southwestern coast of Singapore , north of Pulau Hantu and west of Pulau Bukom .
Ácsteszér ( Ács - Teszér , German : Tesier , Zierndorf ) is a village in Komárom - Esztergom county , Hungary .
Tiger Temple , or Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua Yanasampanno is a Theravada Buddhist temple in western Thailand .
Porta d’Europa is a bascule bridge in the port of Barcelona in Barcelona , Spain .
Banka Cheema ( pronounced Benka Cheema ) , is a village and Union Council of Wazirabad tehsil , Gujranwala District , West Punjab , Pakistan .
Latvenergo is a state - owned electric utility company in Latvia .
Snells Beach is a small coastal town in the north of Auckland Region in the North Island of New Zealand .
Stradlice ( stradˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Qaleh Samur ( Persian : قلعه سمور‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Samūr ) is a village in Gavork - e Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 19 , in 4 families .
The Frederick River is a river that is located in the Gascoyne and Pilbara regions of Western Australia .
Božine ( Serbian : Божине ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kaliningrad State Technical University ( Russian : Калининградский государственный технический университет , ( КГТУ ) ; abbreviated KSTU ) is a technical university at Victory Square in Kaliningrad , Russia .
Sir James Dunn Academy ( SJDA ) is a high school that services eastern Charlotte County in southern New Brunswick , Canada .
Rakownia ( raˈkɔvɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Hagafoss is a small village in Hol municipality in Buskerud , Norway .
Muranovo is the Fyodor Tyutchev state museum located in Pushkino , Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Dudince ( before 1927 Ďudince , Hungarian : Gyűgy , rarely German : Dudintze ) is a spa town in southern Slovakia , with a population of 2,000 .
Tak - e Sofla ( Persian : تاك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tāḵ - e Soflá ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Malo Mraševo ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlɔ ˈmɾaːʃɛʋɔ ) ; German : Kleinmraschewo ) is a village in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Bočac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бочац ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ilam Airport ( IATA : IIL , ICAO : OICI ) is a domestic airport located about 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) from the center of Ilam City , Iran .
Ust - Vym ( Russian : Усть-Вымь ; Komi : Емдін , Yemdyn ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Ust - Vymsky District of the Komi Republic , Russia , located by the mouth of the Vym River , from which it takes its name .
Morón Air Base ( IATA : OZP , ICAO : LEMO ) is located at 37 ° 10′N 5 ° 36′W in southern Spain , approximately 35 miles ( 56 km ) southeast of the city of Seville .
Hofors Municipality ( Hofors kommun ) is a municipality in Gävleborg County , east central Sweden .
Yamada Tenman - gū is a Shinto shrine located in Nagoya , central Japan .
Langheim Abbey was a well - known Cistercian monastery in Klosterlangheim , part of the town of Lichtenfels in Upper Franconia , Bavaria , Germany , in the Bishopric of Bamberg .
Kartaly ( Russian : Карталы́ ) is a town and the administrative center of Kartalinsky District in Chelyabinsk Oblast , Russia , located in the valley of the Kartaly - Ayat River ( left tributary of the Tobol ) , 260 kilometers ( 160 mi ) southwest of Chelyabinsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Selska Gora ( pronounced ( ˈseːu̯ska ˈɡɔːra ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia .
Balembouche ( also called Balenbouche ) is the name of an original 18th century sugar plantation , now a guesthouse and heritage site , on the island of Saint Lucia It is located on the southern side , near Bongalo and Piaye .
AlarmForce manufactures , installs and monitors home alarm systems in Canada and select states in the United States .
Jinae Station ( Hangul : 지내역 ; hanja : 池內驛 ) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Jinae - dong , Gimhae , South Korea .
Gabrje pod Limbarsko Goro ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbəɾjɛ pɔt ˈliːmbaɾskɔ ˈɡɔːɾɔ ) ) is a settlement northeast of Moravče in central Slovenia .
The Hushe Valley ( Urdu : وادی ہوشے‎)is a valley in Ghanche district Gilgit Baltistan Pakistan .
The Aguarico River ( Spanish : Río Aguarico , meaning `` rich water '' ) is a river in northeastern Ecuador .
Palais des Sports de Dijon ( also known as Palais des Sport Jean - Michel Geoffroy ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Dijon , France .
Allah Chal ( Persian : الله چال‎ , also Romanized as Āllah Chāl ; also known as Aleh Chāl ) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Springwater School was built in 1922 and is located in Starland County , 10 miles north of the Michichi turn off on Highway 9 in Alberta , Canada .
Junazi ( Persian : جونزئ‎ , also Romanized as Jūnazi ; also known as Jūnzhī ) is a village in Karvandar Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kal Shab Ravan ( Persian : كل شب روان‎ , also Romanized as Kal Shab Ravān ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Rusta ( Persian : روستا‎ , also Romanized as Rūstā ) is a village in Miankuh - e Moguyi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Sacred pit of Garlo is an archaeological site located near the village of Garlo in Pernik District , Bulgaria .
San Beda College ( Spanish : Colegio de San Beda ) and ( Filipino : Dalubhasaan ng San Beda ) is a private Roman Catholic Benedictine college run by the Benedictine monks in the Philippines .
Sarfait ( Sarfayt ) is a settlement in the Dhofar Governorate of Oman on the coast of the Arabian Sea , near the border with Yemen .
Neighbourhood Cable was a telecommunications provider based in regional Victoria , Australia .
Chalak Saraki ( Persian : چالك سراكي‎ , also Romanized as Chālak Sarākī ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Otoyol 4 ( English : Motorway 4 ) , also known as Anadolu Otoyolu ( English : Anatolia Motorway ) and abbreviated as O-4 , is a toll motorway connecting the northeastern Marmara Region to the Central Anatolia Region in Turkey .
Tossa de Mar ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈtosə ðə ˈmar ) ) is a municipality in Catalonia , Spain , located on the Costa Brava , about 103 kilometres north of Barcelona and 100 kilometres south of the French border .
Kammertheater München , former known as Kammertheater Schwabing is a theatre in Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Mokrosze ( mɔˈkrɔʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Muzillac ( Breton : Muzilheg ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Keelung River ( Chinese : 基隆河 ; pinyin : Jīlóng Hé ; Wade -- Giles : Chi1-lung2 Ho2 ) is a river in northern Taiwan .
Bukbu Library is municipal library that is located in Buk - gu , Daegu , South Korea .
Wołoskowola ( vɔwɔskɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Fereydun Puya ( Persian : مزرعه فريدون پويا‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Fereydūn Pūyā ) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 13 , in 4 families .
Karawwa is a village in the town of Kahawatta in Ratnapura District in Sri Lanka .
Rohatyn ( Ukrainian : Рогатин , Polish : Rohatyn ) is a city located on the Hnyla Lypa River in Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Mendionde ( Basque Lekorne ) is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd , now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
La mère Bourgeois is a restaurant in Priay , Ain , France , located at Sophie et Hervé Rodriguez 85 , Grande rue de la Côtière .
Brestovica pri Komnu ( pronounced ( bɾɛstɔˈʋiːtsa pɾi ˈkoːmnu ) ; Italian : Brestovizza in Valle ) is a village in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy .
Golyam Beglik is a reservoir near the central parts of the Rhodope Mountains , Bulgaria .
Bahu Jamalpur ( बहू जमालपुर ) , also known as Chhoti Bahu ( छोटी बहू ) is a village in Rohtak District , Haryana , India .
Cajeme is one of the municipalities of the northwestern state of Sonora , Mexico .
Evropos ( Greek : Ευρωπός ) is a village and a former municipality in the former Paionia Province , Kilkis regional unit , Greece .
Mainz - Kastel is a district of the city Wiesbaden , which is the capital of the German state Hesse in western Germany .
Yenişehir Airport ( IATA : YEI , ICAO : LTBR ) is an airport in the city of Yenişehir in the Bursa Province of Turkey .
The Wolli Creek Regional Park is a 50 hectares ( 120 acres ) regional park , located adjacent to Wolli Creek within the Wolli Creek Valley , between Bexley North and Tempe in south - west Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
National Open University ( NOU ; Chinese : 國立空中大學 ) is an Open University in Luzhou District , New Taipei , Taiwan .
Kalasalingam University ( Tamil : கலசலிங்கம் பல்கலைக் கழகம் ) is located in Krishnankoil near Madurai in Tamil Nadu , India .
Cyarubare is a district ( akarere ) of the Eastern Province of Rwanda ( it was formerly in Kibungo Province ) .
The Schoenstatt Shrine is a part of the Apostolic movement founded by Josef Kentenich in Germany in 1914 , a place where the Virgin Mary is invited for protection and influence .
Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy is a centre for the sport of sailing on the Isle of Portland , Dorset , on the south coast of England , United Kingdom .
Thirukkanur is a village in the union territory of Puducherry , India .
Klipberg Dam is an arch type dam located on the Konings River , near McGregor , Western Cape , South Africa .
Szczytnicki Park in Wrocław , Poland is located to the east of Plac Grunwaldzki and the old Oder river , and covers approximately 1 square kilometre of land .
Hindustan College of Science and Technology , HCST , Mathura , Uttar Pradesh , India , offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses .
Dimapur Airport ( IATA : DMU , ICAO : VEMR ) is located at Dimapur in the state of Nagaland , India .
Skui is a district in the municipality of Bærum , Norway .
Institute of Rural Management Anand ( IRMA ) is an autonomous institution located in Anand in Gujarat , India with the mandate of contributing to the professional management of rural organisations .
Jorge Chávez International Airport ( IATA : LIM , ICAO : SPJC ) , known as Aeropuerto Internacional Jorge Chávez in Spanish , is Peru 's main international and domestic airport .
The Lapraka Airfield or Tirana Aerodrome ( IATA : ZOOH ) was an Airfield located in Tirana , Albania .
Tiranë Heliport ( also Tirana - Farka Heliport ) ( ICAO : LAFK ) is a public use heliport located 2 nm east - southeast of Tiranë , Tiranë , Albania .
Prior to the Balkan Wars and World War I , Girdap was among the six largest banks in Bulgaria , and during the wars its financial group was the most influential in the country .
Wola Błędowa ( ˈvɔla bwɛnˈdɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Assinie - Mafia is a coastal resort town in south - eastern Ivory Coast .
Eskambuli ( Persian : اسكمبولي‎ , also Romanized as Eskambūlī ; also known as Eskambolī ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Gharbi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hammarlunda Church ( Swedish : Hammarlunda kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in the province of Scania , Sweden .
Zekharia ( Hebrew : זְכַרְיָה ) is a moshav in central Israel .
The River Suir ( /ʃʊər/ ; Irish pronunciation : ( ʃuːrˠ ) , Irish An tSiúr or Abhainn na Siúire ) is a river in Ireland that flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Waterford after a distance of 185 kilometres ( 115 mi ) .
Ab Bad - e Sivandi ( Persian : اببادسيوندي‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bād - e Sīvandī ; also known as Āb Bād ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Osijek - Baranja County ( pronounced ( ôsijeːk - bǎraɲa ) , Croatian : Osječko - baranjska županija ; Hungarian : Eszék - Baranya megye ) is a county in Croatia , located in northeastern Slavonia and Baranja .
Mazraeh - ye Ebrahim Jahangiri ( Persian : مزرعه ابراهيم جهانگيري‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ebrāhīm Jahāngīrī ) is a village in Dasht - e Arzhan Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Spean Praptos ( Khmer : ស្ពានព្រះទិស , also known as Kampong Kdei Bridge ស្ពានកំពង់ក្ដី ) on the road from Angkor to Phnom Chisor , Cambodia , used to be the longest corbeled stone - arch bridge in the world , with more than twenty narrow arches spanning 285 ft ( 87 m ) .
Ski Montcalm is an alpine ski center in Rawdon , Québec , Canada .
Tuleh Dar ( Persian : توله در‎ , also Romanized as Tūleh Dar ; also known as Tūlādar ) is a village in Zarabad - e Gharbi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Rukesh ( Persian : روكش‎‎ , also Romanized as Rūkesh ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mobarakabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مبارك آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Teatro Donizetti is an opera house in Bergamo , Italy .
The National University of Modern Languages ( Initials : NUML ) , is a public research University located in Islamabad , Pakistan .
Port Mourant is a village located in region six , East Berbice - Corentyne , in Guyana .
Stari Mikanovci is a village in Croatia , located in the eastern part of the large Croatian historic and geographic region of Slavonia , situated in the westernmost part of the smaller Croatian historic and geographic region of Srijem .
Tricity Landscape Park ( Trójmiejski Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area in northern Poland ( Polish Landscape Park ) , established in 1979 , and covering the area of 199.3 square kilometres ( 77.0 sq mi ) .
The Secretary of State for Children , Schools and Families was a Cabinet minister post in the United Kingdom .
Szczytna ( ˈʂt͡ʂɨtna ) ( German : Rückers ) is a town in Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kakareza - ye Sofla ( Persian : كاكارضاسفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Kākāreẕā - ye Soflá ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Turku Orthodox Church or the Church of the Holy Martyr Empress Alexandra is the main church of the Turku orthodox parish located on the northeast corner of Turku Market Square in Turku , Finland .
The Confederation of Swedish Enterprise or Swedish Enterprise ( Swedish : Svenskt Näringsliv ) is a major employers ' organization for private sector and business sector companies in Sweden .
Bangabandhu Bridge , commonly called the Jamuna Multi - purpose Bridge ( Bengali : যমুনা বহুমুখী সেতু Jomuna Bohumukhi Setu ) is a bridge opened in Bangladesh in June 1998 .
The 2000 Kipawa earthquake struck Quebec and Ontario , Canada with a moment magnitude of 5.2 at 6:22 a.m. on January 1 .
Nunukan Airport ( Indonesian : Bandar Udara Nunukan ) ( IATA : NNX , ICAO : WALF formerly WRLF ) is an airport serving Nunukan , located in the province of North Kalimantan in Indonesia .
Mount Gulian is a reconstructed 18th century Dutch manor house on the Hudson River in the town of Fishkill , New York , United States of America .
Mirow ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmiːʁoː ) ) is a town in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte in southern Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Hälsingland ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈhɛlːsɪŋland ) ) , sometimes referred to as Helsingia in English , is a historical province or landskap in central Sweden .
Lniska ( ˈlniska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Aspire Parramatta ( also referred to as Aspire Tower or simply Aspire ) is a proposed skyscraper located in Parramatta , New South Wales , Australia , a centrepiece of the Parramatta Square development .
Premantura is a town in Istria , Croatia , on the Istrian Peninsula .
Asamushi Onsen ( 浅虫温泉 ) is the site of a hot spring , located in Aomori City in Aomori Prefecture , Japan .
Oland Brewery is a brewing company in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada , and a unit of Labatt Brewing Company , itself a unit of InBev .
Cheshmeh Barani ( Persian : چشمه باراني‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bārānī ; also known as Posht Bāgh - e Ẕarūnī ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Capitol Park and Lagoon is a provincial park located in Bacolod City , Negros Occidental , in the Philippines .
Email Limited was a manufacturing conglomerate operating mainly in Australia .
Ciribul ( also , Cirimbel , Dzherembel '' , Dzherimbel '' , and Dzhirimbel '' ) is a village in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Abu ol Qasemabad ( Persian : ابوالقاسم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Abū ol Qāsemābād ) is a village in Dasht - e Zarrin Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Fukutoku - Okanoba ( 福徳岡ノ場 ) is a submarine volcano that is part of the Volcano Islands in the Bonin Islands of Japan .
The Tana River Delta Ramsar Site is a wetland on the Tana River protected under the Ramsar Convention located in the Coast Province of Kenya .
Fillstabäcken Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Fillstabäckens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden .
The Districts of Yerevan refers to administrative divisions of Yerevan , tha capital of Armenia .
The University of French Polynesia ( French : Université de la Polynésie française ) is a French University located in Punaauia , Tahiti , French Polynesia , France .
The Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company was a railway company in Victoria , Australia .
The Seocho Garak Tower East is a remarkable skyscraper located in Seoul , South Korea .
The European University at Saint Petersburg ( Russian : Европейский университет в Санкт-Петербурге ) , sometimes referred to as EUSP , is a non - state graduate university located in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
The Berens River is a river in the Provinces of Manitoba and Ontario , Canada .
Njombe Region is one of the thirty administrative regions of Tanzania .
The Staro Hopovo monastery ( Serbian : Манастир Старо Хопово / Manastir Staro Hopovo ) is a Serb Orthodox monastery on the Fruška Gora mountain in the northern Serbia , in the province of Vojvodina .
Młochów ( ˈmwɔxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kamensk crater is an impact crater located 10 - 15 km to the south of Kamensk - Shakhtinsky town in Russia .
Judenbüchel is a Jewish cemetery in Cologne , Germany .
Bethel Baptist Hospital , Inc. ( BBH ) or Bethel Hospital is a 75-bed healthcare institution in Malaybalay City , Bukidnon , Philippines founded in 1973 .
Rõuge Liinjärv is a lake in Voru County in the southeast of Estonia , close to the border with Latvia .
Kafeh Salehabad ( Persian : كافه صالح اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kāfeh Sāleḥābād ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tamarindo Airport ( IATA : TNO , ICAO : MRTM ) is a private airport that serves Tamarindo , a coastal resort in Guanacaste province , Costa Rica .
Fonni ( Sardinian : Fonne ) is a town and comune in Sardinia , in the province of Nuoro ( Italy ) .
Saint - Germain - Nuelles is a commune in the Rhône department in Rhône - Alpes region in eastern France .
The Chief of the Secret Intelligence Service serves as the head of the Secret Intelligence Service ( SIS , also commonly known as MI6 ) , which is part of the United Kingdom intelligence community .
Burj Aziz Khan Dam is located near Quetta in Balochistan , Pakistan .
Souli ( Greek : Σούλι ) is a municipality in Epirus , northwestern Greece .
Agaun Airport ( IATA : AUP , ICAO : AYAG ) is an airfield in Agaun , in the Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea .
Sumbulovac ( Serbian : Сумбуловац ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ćukovi ( Cyrillic : Ћукови ) is a village in the municipality of Bihać , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Hotel National , Moscow ( Russian : гости́ница `` Националь '' ) is a five - star hotel in Moscow , Russia opened in 1903 .
Jablonov nad Turňou ( Hungarian : Szádalmás ) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle - eastern Slovakia .
Dyatkovo ( Russian : Дя́тьково ) is a town and the administrative center of Dyatkovsky District in Bryansk Oblast , Russia .
Women 's College Hospital is a teaching hospital in downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Mezen Bay ( Russian : Мезенская губа ) is located in Arkhangelsk Oblast and Nenets Autonomous Okrug in Northwestern Russia .
The Grand Hotel et de Milan is a luxury hotel located in the center of Milan , Italy .
Lake Päijänne ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈpæi(j)ænːe ) ) is the second largest lake in Finland ( 1,080 km2 ( 266,874 acres ) ) .
Yellow Pinch Dam is a major off - stream ungated rockfill embankment dam across the Yellow Pinch Creek upstream of Merimbula in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Cape Wanbrow is a rocky headland one kilometre to the south of Oamaru , New Zealand .
Gorenje Sušice ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ suˈʃiːtsɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia .
Norviliškės , is a small village in the so - called Dieveniškės appendix , Šalčininkai district municipality , Lithuania .
Kamilówka ( kamiˈlufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Valea Pietrei Albe River is a headwater of the Pârâul Cuţilor in Romania
The Autovía A-8 is a highway ( autovía ) that connects all the regions on the Northern Coast of Spain .
Norbergs BK is a soccer club in Norberg , Sweden , established in 1914 as Norbergs AIF before changing name in 1985 .
The Palazzo Orsini di Gravina is a Renaissance - style palace on number 3 Via Monteoliveto , in the San Lorenzo quarter of Rione San Giuseppe - Carità , of central Naples , Italy .
The Zepp company is a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment Japan .
Horia Demian Sports Hall ( Romanian : Sala Sporturilor Horia Demian ) , part of the city 's Splaiul Independenţei sports complex , is a multi - use arena in Cluj - Napoca , Romania .
Ben Gurion Airport Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת נמל התעופה בן גוריון‎ , Tahanat HaRakevet Nemal HaTe'ufa Ben Gurion ) is an Israel Railways station located in the lower level of Ben Gurion International Airport 's Terminal 3 .
The Episcopal Diocese of Connecticut ( also known as The Episcopal Church in Connecticut ) is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America , encompassing the entire state of Connecticut .
Greek National Road 33 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 33 , abbreviated as EO33 ) is a single carriageway road in southern Greece .
The British Banking School was a group of 19th century economists from the United Kingdom who wrote on monetary and banking issues .
Malżyce ( malˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Ivanica is a small village in Bosnia and Herzegovina which is located just over the border from Gornji Brgat in Croatia .
The Ngaragba Central Prison , the national prison for men is located in Bangui in Central African Republic ( CAR ) .
Jabboana is a town of Jhang District in the Punjab province of Pakistan , near the bank of the Jhelum River .
Sesfontein is a settlement in the Kunene Region of Namibia .
Ostrynka ( ɔsˈtrɨŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Isla Cristina is a city and municipality located in the province of Huelva , Spain .
Kugaaruk Airport ( IATA : YBB , ICAO : CYBB ) , formerly known as Pelly Bay Townsite Airport , is located at Kugaaruk ( formerly known as Pelly Bay ) in Nunavut , Canada .
Puná Island is an island off the coast of southern Ecuador at approximately 80 degrees west longitude and 3 degrees south latitude .
Nowe Kichary ( ˈnɔvɛ kiˈxarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Mulu Airport ( IATA : MZV , ICAO : WBMU ) is an airport in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia and gateway to the Gunung Mulu National Park .
Soboszów ( sɔˈbɔʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Binalbal Festival is an annual festival held on the first of January in Tudela , Misamis Occidental , Philippines .
Ciudad Ojeda is a city located in the northeastern shore of Lake Maracaibo in Zulia State in northwestern Venezuela .
Ilopango International Airport ( ICAO : MSSS ) is an airport located on the eastern part of the city of San Salvador , El Salvador , once serving the city as its international airport until it was replaced by the larger and more modern Comalapa international Airport , located about 50 km south of the city .
Mirchaki ( Persian : ميرچاكي‎ , also Romanized as Mīrchākī ; also known as Mīrchekī ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pokomsze ( pɔˈkɔmʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Karkuleh Morad Ali ( Persian : كركوله مرادعلي‎ , also Romanized as Karkūleh Morād ʿAlī ) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Centre for Values , Ethics and the Law in Medicine ( VELiM ) is an independent centre at the University of Sydney , Australia .
Majz District is a district of the Sa'dah Governorate , Yemen .
Maaron Business School is a school in Douala , Cameroon , that provides Africans with the opportunity to obtain British and American international qualifications in the fields of business , accounting and actuarial science .
Tarlac State University ( TSU ; Filipino : Pambansang Pamantasan ng Tarlac ) is a chartered public institution of higher education located in Tarlac City , Philippines .
Abari ( Georgian : აბარი ) is a village in Racha - Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti region , Georgia .
The Robert Bosch Stiftung is unique in that it owns Robert Bosch GmbH , one of Germany 's largest companies .
Spišská Nová Ves railway station ( Slovak : Železničná stanica Spišská Nová Ves ) serves the town and municipality of Spišská Nová Ves , in the Košice Region , eastern Slovakia .
The Copenhagen Court House ( Danish : Københavns Domhus ) is a historic building located on Nytorv in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Crown Resorts Limited is one of Australia 's largest gaming and entertainment groups which had , in June 2015 , a market capitalisation of just over A$ 7.5 billion .
Little Green Island is a granite island , with an area of 87 hectares ( 210 acres ) , in south - eastern Australia .
Kannonzaki Lighthouse ( 観音埼灯台 ) is a lighthouse on Cape Kannon , on Miura Peninsula , in Yokosuka , Kanagawa , Japan .
Kizlyar ( Russian : Кизля́р ) is a town in the Republic of Dagestan , Russia , located on the border with the Chechen Republic in the delta of the Terek River 221 kilometers ( 137 mi ) northwest of Makhachkala , the capital of the republic .
Gallehvand ( Persian : گله وند‎ , also Romanized as Galehband and Galleh Band ) is a village in Borborud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Toronto Community Housing Corporation ( TCHC ) is a public housing agency in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Suwoncheon in South Korea is a tributary of the Hwanggujicheon , which in turn empties into the Yellow Sea at Asan Bay .
The Rigi Hochflue is a mountain overlooking Lake Lucerne in Central Switzerland .
The Byzantine and Christian Museum ( Greek : Βυζαντινό και Χριστιανικό Μουσείο ) is situated at Vassilissis Sofias Avenue in Athens , Greece .
Krymsk ( Russian : Крымск ) is a town in Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
The Ayinger Brewery ( pronounced `` eye - ing - gr '' ; German : Brauerei Aying ) is a brewery in Aying , Bavaria , Germany , about 25 km from Munich .
Iria Flavia or simply Iria in Galicia , northwestern Spain , was a Celtiberian port , the main seat of the Capori , on the road between Braga and Astorga .
The Naviglio Pavese is one of the canals making up the Navigli system in Lombardy , Italy .
Praprotnica ( pronounced ( ˈpɾaːpɾɔtnitsa ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia .
The Castle Building is an office building in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Magyarcsanád ( Romanian : Cenadul Unguresc ; Serbian : Чaнaд / Čanad ) a multi - ethnic village located in Csongrád ( county ) , southeast Hungary near the Mureş River ( Hungarian : Maros ) .
Ferkessédougou ( often shortened to Ferké ) is a city in northern Ivory Coast .
Mozrov ( Armenian : Մոզրով ) , is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
The Northern Ireland Affairs Select Committee ( or simply the ' Northern Ireland Affairs Committee ' ) is a select committee of the House of Commons in the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
The Vizcachas River is a river in the south of the Patagonic province of Santa Cruz , Argentina .
The 1943 Liberator crash at Whenuapai was an aircraft accident in New Zealand during World War II . TVNZ covered the crash during the program Secret New Zealand in 2003 , and posited the accident was covered up , due to concerns of reprisals against POWs .
Cupul National Airport ( IATA : TZM ) is an airport located in Tizimín , Yucatan , Mexico .
Qurghonteppa International Airport is an airport in Kurgan Tyube , Tajikistan ( IATA : KQT , ICAO : UTDT ) .
Argelès - sur - Mer ( Catalan : Argelers de la Marenda or simply Argelers ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Donje Gire ( Serbian : Доње Гире ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
La Casa Rosada ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkasa roˈsaða ) , English : The Pink House ) is the executive mansion and office of the President of Argentina .
The French Medical Institute for Children ( FMIC ) is a children 's hospital in Kabul , Afghanistan , established in 2005 .
Dunøyane Bird Sanctuary ( Norwegian : Dunøyane fuglereservat ) is a bird reserve in Svalbard , Norway , established in 1973 .
Erastvere ( German : Errestfer , Võro : Erästvere ) is a village in Kanepi Parish , Põlva County in southeastern Estonia .
Nemesnádudvar ( German : Nadwar , Croatian : Dudvar and Nadvar ) is a village in Bács - Kiskun county , Hungary .
Fécamp Abbey ( French : Abbaye de la Trinité de Fécamp ) is a Benedictine abbey in Fécamp , Seine - Maritime , Upper Normandy , France .
The Gurkha Contingent ( Abbreviation : GC ) is a line department of the Singapore Police Force from Nepal .
Lēdmane parish ( Latvian : Lēdmanes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Lielvārde Municipality , Latvia .
Comərd ( also , Dzhomard and Dzhomart ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Yonam Institute of Digital Technology , also Yonam Engineering College , is a private technical college located in Jinju , South Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
Nemetsky Peninsula ( Russian : Немецкий полуостров ) is a peninsula in the far north region of continental European Russia .
Vuva River ( Russian : Вува ) is a river in the north - west of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Måbødalen is a narrow valley in the municipality of Eidfjord in Hordaland county , Norway .
Trou - du - Nord ( Haitian Creole : Twou dinò ) is a commune in the Trou - du - Nord Arrondissement , in the Nord - Est Department of Haiti .
Etnesjøen or Etne is the administrative centre of Etne municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Shetrunji River ( alternate : Satrunji ) is a north - flowing river in western India in Gujarat .
Vizelj Park ( previously known as Špinjata ) is a football stadium in Belgrade , Serbia .
Trondheim og omland is an economic region in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Zizurkil ( Spanish , Cizúrquil ) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Thippagondanahalli Reservoir , also known as T G Halli Dam or Chamarajsagar , is located at the confluence of the Arkavathy River and Kumudavathi River , 35 km west of Bangalore , India .
Kalleh - ye Espid ( Persian : كله اسپيد‎ , also Romanized as Kalleh - ye Espīd ; also known as Kal - e Espīd ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Westland Row is a street on the south side of Dublin city , Ireland , dating from the year 1776 .
Rivoli Veronese is a comune in Veneto , Italy , in the Province of Verona , on a hill on the right bank of the Adige , 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northwest of Verona .
Marmarita ( Arabic : مرمريتا‎ , Syriac : ܡܪܡܪܝܬܐ‎ , Marmarītā ) is a village in northwestern Syria , located west of Homs .
Tjolöholm Castle ( Swedish : Tjolöholms slott ) is a country house , built 1898 - 1904 , in Halland , Sweden .
The Bumdeling Wildlife Sanctuary ( also spelled Bumdelling or Bomdeling ) , which also contains the former Kulong Chu Wildlife Sanctuary , covers 1,520.61 square kilometres ( 587.11 sq mi ) in north - eastern Bhutan at elevations between 1,500 metres ( 4,900 ft ) and 6,000 metres ( 20,000 ft ) .
1848 , Moresco is an autonomous commune , but in 1869 , under the Reign of Italy , it is united with Monterubbiano .
The Volkerak is a body of water in the Netherlands .
Argeathoi ( Greek : Αργέαθοι ) was an ancient settlement in Arcadia , Greece .
Gregovce ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾeːgɔu̯tsɛ ) ) is a small village on the right bank of the Sotla River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia , on the border with Croatia .
Paradox Entertainment is publicly listed in Stockholm , Sweden , but all business is conducted from the main office in Los Angeles , USA .
Jarvis Street is a north - south thoroughfare in downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada , passing through some of the oldest developed areas in the city .
The history of the Lviv Polytechnic National University begins during the Austrian Empire , and extends through the Second Polish Republic , the Nazi Occupation , the Soviet Union , and into independent Ukraine .
Øverbygd Church ( Norwegian : Øverbygd kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Målselv in Troms county , Norway .
Hlambanyatsi is an inkhundla of Swaziland , located in the Manzini District .
Pisari ( pronounced ( piˈsaːɾi ) ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Croatia .
Behabad ( Persian : بهاباد‎ , also Romanized as Behābād and Bahābād ; also known as Būhābād and Mahābād ) is a city in and the capital of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Vrapčište ( Macedonian : Врапчиште , Albanian : Vrapçishti , Turkish : Vrapçişte ) is a village in Republic of Macedonia .
Debiganj Girls High School ( Bengali : দেবীগঞ্জ বালিকা উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is a public high school , located in Debiganj , Rangpur , Bangladesh , that educates around 270 girls .
Salmiya ( Arabic السالمية ; transliterated As - Sālmīya(h ) ) is a city area in Hawalli Governorate in the State of Kuwait .
Tolombeh - ye Hezbollah Zary ( Persian : تلمبه حزب اله زارع‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Ḩezbollah Zāry ) is a village in Korbal Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mowtowr - e Morad Bakhsh Damani ( Persian : موتور مرادبخش دامني‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Morād Bakhsh Dāmanī ) is a village in Bampur - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Jadhavwadi is a village of approximately 2500 people in the Khanapur taluka of the Sangli district of Maharashtra , India .
Racrange ( German : Rakringen ; Lorraine Franconian Rakringe ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Pereslavl - Zalessky ( Russian : Переславль-Залесский ; IPA : ( pʲɪrʲɪˈslavlʲ zɐˈlʲɛskʲɪj ) , lit . Pereslavl , which is located behind the woods ) , also known as Pereyaslavl - Zalessky , is a town in Yaroslavl Oblast , Russia , located on the main Moscow--
Jimba Jimba Station , most often referred to as Jimba Jimba , is a pastoral lease currently operating as a cattle station in Western Australia , that once operated as a sheep station .
Long Seniai ( also known as Long Sinei ) is a longhouse settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Puerto Cumarebo capital of Zamora Municipality , Falcón state , Venezuela is located 40 miles east of Coro .
Poddębice ( pɔdːɛmˈbʲit͡sɛ ) is a town in Poland , in Łódź Voivodeship , about 40 km northwest of Łódź .
Chernomorets Stadium ( Bulgarian : Стадион `` Черноморец `` ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Burgas , Bulgaria . It was used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of Chernomorets Burgas and Chernomorets 919 . The stadium currently holds 22,000 people and soon it will be replaced with a new modern sports complex .
Fena Lake is the largest lake in the United States territory of Guam .
Gowd - e Sorkh ( Persian : گودسرخ‎ , also Romanized as Gowd Sorkh ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wola Maradzka ( ˈvɔla maˈrat͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Unčani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Унчани ) is a village in Croatia .
Adamdighi Upazila ( Bengali : আদমদিঘী উপজেলা ) is an upazila of Bogra District in the Division of Rajshahi , Bangladesh .
Čekovnik ( pronounced ( tʃɛˈkoːu̯nik ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Lytchett Bay is located close to the town of Upton , Dorset , United Kingdom .
Bodio Lomnago is a town and comune located in the province of Varese , in the Lombardy region of northern Italy .
The Saint Croix Courier is a weekly newspaper published by the St. Croix Printing & Publishing Company , Limited in St. Stephen , New Brunswick , Canada .
Qaz ( Persian : قز‎‎ ) is a village in Karrab Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Bonde Palace ( Swedish : Bondeska palatset ) is a palace in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Biopolis ( Chinese : 启奥城 , from Greek bio , life + polis , city ) is an international research and development centre located in Singapore for biomedical sciences .
The Richmond Gaol is a convict era building and tourist attraction in Richmond , Tasmania , and is the oldest intact gaol in Australia .
Douglas College is one of the largest public colleges in British Columbia , Canada .
Wichradz ( ˈvixrat͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rudolfin ( ruˈdɔlfin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Zorakert ( Armenian : Զորակերտ ; formerly , Balikli ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
The University of Mons is the fourth ( and smallest ) university of the French community of Belgium with about 5,700 students .
The Cathedral of the Holy Redeemer is the main church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Multan , Pakistan .
Hagensborg , originally named Kristiania , is a small community in the Bella Coola Valley in British Columbia , Canada .
The Mezquital Valley ( Otomi : B’ot’ähi ) is a series of small valleys and flat areas located in Central Mexico , about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) north of Mexico City .
Dehgolan ( Persian : دهگلان‎ , also Romanized as Dehgolān ; also known as Deh Gulan and Deh - ī - Gūlān ) is a city in and the capital of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tanči Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈtaːntʃi ˈʋəɾx ) ; also Tancbihel or Tanče gorice , German : Tanzbüchel ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Dzorakap ( Armenian : Ձորակապ ; formerly , Bogazkyasan ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
The Library of Parliament ( French : Bibliothèque du Parlement ) is the main information repository and research resource for the Parliament of Canada .
Mzingwane Dam is a reservoir on the Mzingwane River , near Esigodini , Zimbabwe , with a capacity of 42 million cubic metres .
Mir Havaryari ( Persian : ميرهوارياري‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Havāryārī ; also known as Mīr Havār ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Pluduno ( Breton : Pludunoù , Gallo : Ploedunoe ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Bay of San Miguel ( Spanish : Golfo de San Miguel ) is located on the Pacific coast of Darién , a district of eastern Panama .
Central Chidlom is a large department store located in Bangkok , Thailand .
Unit 88 - 9 ( Kiyomizu Masahiro ) is a glazed stoneware sculpture by contemporary Japanese potter and sculptor Kiyomizu Masahiro , also known by the professional art - name Kiyomizu Rokubei VIII . This piece is currently housed in the Prince Takamado Gallery at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto , Canada .
Peyrat - le - Château ( Occitan : Pairac ( lo Chasteu ) ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
The 2012 East Azerbaijan earthquakes occurred near the cities of Ahar and Varzaqan in Iran 's East Azerbaijan Province , on August 11 , 2012 , at 16:53 Iran Standard Time .
Pherae is the English transliteration of two towns in Ancient Greece .
The Cisternoni of Livorno are a series of three large buildings in the neoclassical style at Livorno , in Tuscany , Italy .
Brodowce ( brɔˈdɔft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Založe ( pronounced ( ˈzaːlɔʒɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Polzela in Slovenia .
The University of Montemorelos ( Spanish : Universidad de Montemorelos ) is a private coeducational Seventh - day Adventist university located in Montemorelos , Nuevo León , Mexico .
Kozarde ( Serbian : Козарде ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The old Posta del Chuy is a historic inn situated 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) away from Melo , Cerro Largo , Uruguay .
Çaylaqqala ( Armenian : Խծաբերդ Khtsaberd , Khtsabert , and Tskhabert ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan and Hadrut Province of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic .
Pedamadalla is a village located in the Krishna District in India .
The Celje Post Office ( Slovene : Pošta Celje ) is the administrative post office in the city of Celje , Slovenia .
The UK Green Building Council ( UKGBC ) is a United Kingdom membership organisation , formed in 2007 , which aims to ' radically transform ' the way that the built environment in the UK is planned , designed , constructed , maintained and operated .
ALP - IX Regional Internet Exchange ( ALP - IX ) is an Internet Exchange Point situated in Munich ( Germany ) .
The Peace River Regional District is a regional district in northeastern British Columbia , Canada .
Bab Agnaou ( Arabic باب اكناو ) is one of the nineteen gates of Marrakech , Morocco .
Lindenberg i m Allgäu is the second largest town of the district of Lindau in Bavaria , Germany .
Nalanchira is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram , formerly known as Trivandrum , the capital of Kerala State in India .
The World Trade Center Montevideo ( WTC Montevideo ) is a building complex located in Montevideo , Uruguay .
The Spiš Magura ( in Slovak , Spišská Magura ) is a set of mountain ranges in northern Slovakia , part of the Podhale - Magura Area region of the Outer Western Carpathians .
The Church of Our Lady the Merciful ( Russian : Церковь иконы Божией Матери Милующей ) , is a former Russian Orthodox Church in St Petersburg , Russia .
Utsira is one of the smallest municipalities in Norway .
The Basilica of Bom Jesus or Borea Jezuchi Bajilika ( Portuguese : Basílica do Bom Jesus ) is located in Goa , India , and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Sobatu ( Persian : ثباتو‎ , also Romanized as S̄obātū ; also known as Şoḩbatū ) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bahgarah is the name of a village in the district of Darrang , a district of Asom in India .
Tomandar ( Persian : تمندر‎ ; also known as Tomandar - e Bālā ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Memory Island Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located at the South end of Shawnigan Lake on Southern Vancouver Island .
Darreh - ye Ajqu ( Persian : دره اجقو‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Ajqū ; also known as Darreh - ye Ajqān ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gąbin ( ˈɡɔmbin ) is a small town in Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,230 inhabitants ( 2006 ) .
Martyrs ' Lane , Alley of Martyrs or Şəhidlər Xiyabanı ( transliterated to Shehidler Khiyabani ) , formerly The Kirov Park , is a cemetery and memorial in Baku , Azerbaijan dedicated to those killed by the Soviet Army during Black January and later to those killed in Nagorno - Karabakh War .
Tulibowo ( tuliˈbɔvɔ ) ( German : Tulpenfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
West Penwith Rural District was a rural district in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , from 1894 to 1974 .
Mabë is a settlement in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania .
After merging with Mönchengladbach , the central station ( Rheydt Hauptbahnhof ) kept its original name , making Mönchengladbach the only city in Germany to have two stations called Hauptbahnhof .
Aliabad - e Vali ( Persian : علي ابادوالي‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Vālī ; also known as `` Alīābād ) is a village in Tarrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 57 , in 19 families .
Stolp Synagogue was a synagogue in Stolp , Germany ( now Słupsk , Poland ) .
In 2008 , the National Library of Myanmar moved to a new site in Yankin Township .
Thapsus or Thapsos ( less commonly , Tapsus ) ( Greek : Θάψος ) was an ancient city in what is modern - day Tunisia .
Nazarabad - e Sofla ( Persian : نظرابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Naz̧arābād - e Soflá ; also known as Naz̧arābād - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Palabong is a village on the southwest coast of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea .
La Belle Alliance is an inn situated a few miles south of Brussels in Belgium , chiefly remembered for its significance in the aftermath of the Battle of Waterloo .
Nevado Piquenes is a mountain in the Andes Mountains of central Chile .
Stump Lake is a lake in the Nicola Country region of the South - Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located northeast from and of a smaller size to Nicola Lake at approximately 11 km long .
Ramat HaSharon ( Hebrew : רָמַת הַשָּׁרוֹן , lit . Height of the Sharon ) is a city located on Israel 's central coastal strip in the south of the Sharon region , bordering Tel Aviv to the south , Hod HaSharon to the east and Herzliya and Kibbutz Glil Yam to the north .
Jafarak ( Persian : جعفرك‎ , also Romanized as Jaʿfarak ) is a village in Qohrud Rural District , Qamsar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Unu Lluqsina ( Quechua unu , yaku water , lluqsina exit , `` water exit '' , hispanicized spelling Unollocsina ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,300 metres ( 17,388 ft ) high .
Kuzmolovsky ( Russian : Кузьмоловский ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located north of the city of Saint Petersburg .
Surp Hagop Church ( Armenian : Սուրբ Յակոբ Եկեղեցի ) ( also Saint Jacob or Saint James church ) is an Armenian Apostolic church , located on Al - Iman strret in the Old Syrian quarter of Aleppo , Syria .
Clärchens Ballroom ( German : Clärchens Ballhaus ) is a building , formerly a ballroom and now a nightclub and restaurant , on Auguststraße in the Berlin - Mitte district of Berlin , Germany .
Hosťová ( Hungarian : Nyitrageszte ) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia , in the Nitra Region .
Lively Island ( Spanish : Isla Bougainville ) is the largest of the Lively Island Group of the Falkland Islands , The island group lies east of East Falkland .
Horniki Górne ( xɔrˈniki ˈɡurnɛ ) ( German : Oberhornikau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Fleck / Paterson House is a historic building in Ottawa , Canada .
The Avoca Lake , formerly known as Avoca Lagoon and as Bulbararing Lagoon , is an intermittently closed intermediate saline coastal lagoon that is located on the Central Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Kravjek Castle ( Slovene : Grad Kravjek , German : Schloss Weineck ) is a ruined castle northwest of Muljava , in Lower Carniola , Slovenia .
Leo Burke Academy school is a 7 - 12 school located at 430 Main Street in Bishop 's Falls , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Moroto Airport ( ICAO : HUMO ) is an airport serving Moroto in the Northern Region of Uganda .
Khanskaya ( Russian : Ханская ) is a stanitsa in Maykop Republican Urban Okrug in the Republic of Adygea , Russia , located on the Belaya River 13 kilometers ( 8.1 mi ) north - west of Maykop .
Wypad ( ˈvɨpat ) ( German : Wypad ( 1938 - 45:Waldsiedeln ) ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane - Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gorumna ( Irish language : Garmna ) is an island on the west coast of Ireland , forming part of County Galway .
Parnassida ( Greek : Παρνασσίδα ) was one of the provinces of the Phocis Prefecture , Greece , encompassing the area around Mount Parnassus .
Nalagasdeniya is a small village in Hikkaduwa Divisional Secretary 's Area in Galle District of Southern Province of Sri Lanka .
Tinaca Point is a headland in the southern part of Davao Occidental , in the Philippines .
Azuay Department was created with the 1824 reform of the subdivisions of Gran Colombia .
Güneypəyə ( also , Gyuneipeya and Gyuneypeya ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Višnja Vas ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːʃnja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Višnja vas ) is a settlement on the Hudinja River in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
The Huaca del Sol is an adobe brick temple built by the Moche civilization ( 100 CE to 800 CE ) on the northern coast of what is now Peru .
Adale ( Somali : Cadale ; Italian : Adalei or Itala ) , also known as Cadaley , is a coastal town in the southern Middle Shebelle ( Shabeellaha Dhexe ) region of Somalia .
The Neechantz River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , flowing north out of the Pacific Ranges into the Machmell River just before its mouth into the head of Owikeno Lake .
Surfrider is a steel shuttle roller coaster at Wet'n'Wild Gold Coast located at Oxenford , Gold Coast , Australia .
NUS Business School is the business school of the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) , and a world - renowned business school based in Singapore .
Minkébé National Park is a national park in the extreme northeast of Gabon .
Arcos de la Frontera is a town in the province of Cádiz in southern Spain .
Mih Ouensa ( sometimes written Mih Ouansa or Mouïaf Ouennsa ) is a town and commune , and capital of Mih Ouensa District , in El Oued Province , Algeria .
Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : غربي‎ , meaning `` West '' ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Franja Transversal del Norte -or Northern Transversal Strip in English- is a region in Guatemala delimited at North by an imaginary line between Vértice de Santiago in Huehuetenango and Modesto Méndez Port in Izabal and at South by La Mesilla in Huehuetenango and Izabal lake .
Qeqertaq Heliport ( IATA : PQT , ICAO : BGQE ) is a heliport in Qeqertaq , a village on an island off the shore of the Nuussuaq Peninsula in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland .
Lisičji Kamen is a mountain in Kosovo , in the Šar Mountains in Gora next to Macedonia and Albania .
The InterContinental Kyiv is a five star hotel in the center of Kiev , Ukraine ( Old Kyiv neighborhood ) .
Varntresk Church ( Norwegian : Varntresk kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county , Norway .
The Great Kei River ( Afrikaans : Groot - Keirivier ) is a river in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Gulistan railway station ( Urdu : گلستان ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Gulistan village , Killa Abdullah district of Balochistan province of the Pakistan .
Mainamati is located almost 8 miles from the town of Comilla , Bangladesh .
Manglisi ( Georgian : მანგლისი ) is a daba ( small town ) in the Tetritsqaro Municipality , Kvemo Kartli region of Georgia .
Teupitzer See is a lake in Teupitzer Gewässer , Brandenburg , Germany .
Nordre Isfjorden National Park ( Norwegian : Nordre Isfjorden nasjonalpark ) lies on Spitsbergen Island in the Svalbard archipelago , Norway .
O. R. Tambo International Airport ( IATA : JNB , ICAO : FAOR ) ( ORTIA ) is a major international airport in Kempton Park , Ekurhuleni , Gauteng , South Africa , near the city of Johannesburg .
Luychu Urqu ( Quechua luychu , taruka , deer , urqu mountain , `` deer mountain '' , hispanicized spelling Luychu Orjo ) is a mountain in the Cusco Region in Peru , about 4,430 metres ( 14,534 ft ) high .
Spodnje Blato ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈblaːtɔ ) ) is a settlement just east of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Osona ( Catalan pronunciation : ( uˈzonə ) ) is a comarca situated in central Catalonia , Spain .
The Grote Prijs Stad Eeklo is a cyclo - cross race in Eeklo , Belgium .
Prüm ( German pronunciation : ( ˈpʁʏm ) ) is a town in the Westeifel ( Rhineland - Palatinate ) , Germany .
Tanner Moor is one of the largest moorlands in Austria with a surface area of 120 hectares .
The Musée de la mode et du textile ( Museum of Fashion and Textiles ) is a museum located in the Louvre at , 107 , rue de Rivoli , in the 1st arrondissement of Paris , France .
Tokor is a village in the Ketu Municipal district , a district on the south - eastern corner of the Volta Region of Ghana , near the Ghana - Togo border .
Al - Naqirah ( Arabic : النقيرة‎ , also spelled al - Nuqayrah ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located south of Homs .
Stroobos ( West Frisian : Strobos ) is a village in Achtkarspelen in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Biskra ( Arabic : بسكرة ‎ ; Berber : Tibeskert ) is the capital city of Biskra Province , Algeria .
Qurghonteppa or Kurganteppa ( Tajik : Қурғонтеппа ) , formerly known as Kurgan - Tyube ( Russian : Курган-Тюбе , Persian : قرغان‌تپه‎ ) , is a city in southwestern Tajikistan .
The Episcopal Diocese of California is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America ( ECUSA ) in Northern California .
Aryapuram is a village situated in East Godavari district in Rajahmundry town , in Andhra Pradesh State , India .
Waterford railway station ( Plunkett Station , Irish : Phort Láirge Stáisiún Phluincéid ) serves the city of Waterford in County Waterford , Ireland .
Axarquía ( Spanish pronunciation : ( axarˈki.a ) ) is a comarca of Andalusia in southern Spain .
Ulashkivtsi ( Ukrainian : Улашківці ) is a village located at the Seret River in the Chortkiv Raion ( district ) of the Ternopil Oblast ( province in western Ukraine . Pop . 1,423 .
Isla San Marcos Airstrip ( IATA : N / A ) is a private - use dirt airstrip located on the South coast of Isla San Marcos , Baja California Sur , Mexico , an island located in the Gulf of California , 10 miles South East of Santa Rosalía , Municipality of Mulegé .
Nozdrzec ( ˈnɔzdʐɛt͡s ) ( Ukrainian : Ніздрець , Nizdrets '' ) is a village in Brzozów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Hulin ( Chinese : 虎林 ; pinyin : Hǔlín ; literally : `` tiger forest '' ) is a county - level city on the Muling River in southeastern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Barxudarlı ( also , Barkhudarli , Barkhudarly , and Barkudarly ) is an abandoned village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lega Nord Friuli - Venezia Giulia ( English : Northern League Friuli - Venezia Giulia , LNFVG ) is a regionalist political party in Italy which functions as the `` national '' ( hence , regional ) section of Lega Nord in Friuli - Venezia Giulia .
Morianbron ( Swedish : Blackamoor Bridge ) is a small bridge in the gardens of the Ulriksdal Palace in Solna , Sweden , named after the pair of sculptures of so - called blackamoors ( e.g. black Moors ) standing by the bridge .
The Rhein - Main International Montessori School ( abbreviation : RIMS ) is a private school and one of two secondary schools in Friedrichsdorf , Hesse , Germany .
Łubniany ( wubˈɲanɨ ) ( German Lugnian ) is a village in Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gaudo Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Southern Italy , approximately 3 km north of Paestum , where the neolithic necropolis belonging to the Gaudo Culture was discovered , about 70 km southeast of Naples .
Ardaheh ( Persian : اردهه‎ , also Romanized as Ārdaheh ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Instituto de Botánica del Nordeste , or Ibone , is a large botanical institute at the National University of the Northeast and major regional herbarium which contains over 400,000 plant specimens from northeastern Argentina and neighboring countries .
Kamëz ( also known as Kamza , Kamëza ) is a municipality in Tirana County , Albania .
Na Brańskiej ( ˈna ˈbraɲskʲɛj ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Nowe Lewkowo ( ˈnɔvɛ lɛfˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus , on the river Narewka .
Kodambakkam Bridge is a road overbridge in the city of Chennai , India .
Spanish wines ( Spanish : vinos españoles ) are wines produced in Spain .
The Hassi R'Mel integrated solar combined cycle power station is a hybrid power station near Hassi R'Mel in Algeria .
Raski ( ˈraski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Patpong ( Thai : พัฒน์พงศ์ , rtgs : Phat Phong ) is an entertainment district in Bangkok , Thailand , catering mainly , though not exclusively , to foreign tourists and expatriates .
Ulimaroa was a name given to Australia by the Swedish geographer and cartographer Daniel Djurberg in 1776 .
The Apuan Alps ( Italian : Alpi Apuane ) are a mountain range in northern Tuscany , Italy , part of the Apennine Mountains .
Əbrəqunus ( also , Əbrəqunis , Əbrəkunis , and Abrakunis ) is a village and municipality in the Julfa region of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Dinachal ( Persian : ديناچال‎ , also Romanized as Dīnāchāl and Denyā Chāl ) is a village in Dinachal Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Słupia - Pokora ( ˈswupja pɔˈkɔra ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Monarch Cablesystems , LTD . is a now - defunct cable television and internet service provider in British Columbia and portions of Alberta in Western Canada , and also operates Monarch TV-10 , a community channel on Cable 10 .
The La Hague site is a nuclear fuel reprocessing plant at La Hague on the Cotentin Peninsula in northern France .
Lake Zerenda ( Russian : Зеренда ) is a small lake in northern - central Kazakhstan , located just west of Zerendi , Zerendi District , Akmola Region .
Sudeten Provincial Park is a former provincial park in British Columbia , Canada .
Therefore , the dependant population is smaller than the economically active population , showing Dunstall does n't have a large problem with an ageing population unlike the majority of other places within the United Kingdom .
Choapa River or El Río Choapa is a river of Chile located in the Coquimbo Region .
Plouzévédé ( Breton : Gwitevede ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Patchacan is a town in Corozal District , in northern Belize .
Air Dream was a short - lived charter airline based in Cambodia .
Miletine ( Serbian : Милетине ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Chinese Peasants ' and Workers ' Democratic Party ( Chinese : 中国农工民主党 ) is one of the eight non - communist , legally recognised political parties in the People 's Republic of China that follow the direction of the Communist Party of China and is a member of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference .
Siellé is a town in the Yaba Department of Nayala Province in north - western Burkina Faso .
Alash Autonomy ( Kazakh : Алаш аутономиясы Alaş awtonomïyası ; Russian : Алашская автономия Alashskaya avtonomiya ) was a Kazakh state that existed between December 13 , 1917 and August 26 , 1920 on , approximately , the territory of the present - day Republic of Kazakhstan .
The Democratic Revival ( Greek : Δημοκρατική Αναγέννηση Dimokratiki Anagenissi ) is a political party in Greece , initially founded in 2004 by Stelios Papathemelis .
The International Review of Food Science and Technology is a British yearly food science and technology publication done by Sovereign Publications in the United Kingdom for the International Union of Food Science and Technology ( IUFoST ) .
The Ringgold Isles are an archipelago in Fiji , forming an outlier group to Vanua Levu .
Popokabaka Territory is a territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
El Hogar Filipino Building , also known simply as El Hogar , is an early skyscraper in Manila , Philippines .
Paengaroa is a village in the Bay of Plenty , New Zealand which lies 11 km from Te Puke , 35 km from Tauranga and 46.2 km from Rotorua .
Anthemia ( Greek : Ανθέμια ) is a former municipality in Imathia , Greece .
The Château du Grand - Geroldseck is a ruined medieval castle situated in the commune of Haegen in the Bas - Rhin département in Alsace , France .
Ataliklikun Bay ( pronounced `` At - lik - lik - kun '' ) is a bay of East New Britain Province , Papua New Guinea , opening into the Bismarck Sea .
Imeno ( German : Stadeldorf ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sotla River in the Municipality of Podčetrtek in eastern Slovenia .
Qezel Qayeh - ye Olya ( Persian : قزل قيه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Qezel Qayeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 194 , in 34 families .
Nankana Sahib ( Urdu : ننكانہ صاحِب‎ ) , ( Punjabi : Shahmukhi : ننکانہ صاحب Gurumukhi : ਨਨਕਾਣਾ ਸਾਹਿਬ ) , is a city and capital of Nankana Sahib District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Große Zirmbergschanze is a ski jumping large hill in Ruhpolding , Germany .
Agaiambo is a swamp in Oro Province , Papua New Guinea .
The Col du Parpaillon is a pass in the Cottian Alps of southern France in the Parpaillon massif .
Walferdange ( Luxembourgish : Walfer , German : Walferdingen ) is a commune and small town in central Luxembourg .
Salapy is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Arbouet - Sussaute ( Basque : Arboti - Zohota ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine of south - western France .
Asian Development Bank Avenue , commonly referred to as simply ADB Avenue , is a short north - south thoroughfare in Ortigas Center , eastern Metro Manila , Philippines .
Zhezkazgan Airport ( IATA : DZN , ICAO : UAKD ) is the airport of Zhezkazgan , Kazakhstan .
SK Tirfing is a sports club in Harnäs in Sweden .
Antikalamos ( Greek : Αντικάλαμος ) is a village in the municipality of Kalamata , Messenia , Peloponnese , southern Greece .
Cueva de Montesinos is a cave of the Province of Albacete , Spain .
Fakfak ( ( ˈfaʔfaʔ ) ) is a town in Indonesia and seat of the Fakfak Regency .
Düden Waterfalls are a group of waterfalls in the province of Antalya , Turkey .
The Northern Kimberley , an interim Australian bioregion , is located in the northern Kimberley region of Western Australia , comprising 8,420,100 hectares ( 20,807,000 acres ) .
Young Nick 's Head is a headland at the southern end of Poverty Bay in New Zealand 's North Island .
STEGAL ( Sachsen - Thüringen - Erdgas - Anbindungsleitung ) is a natural gas pipeline in Saxony and Thuringia , Germany .
Cisalpine Gaul ( Gallia Cisalpina ) , also called Gallia Citerior or Gallia Togata , was the part of Italy inhabited by Celts since the 13th century BC . Conquered by the Roman Republic in the 220s BC , it was a Roman province from c. 81 BC until 42 BC , when it was merged into Roman Italy .
The United Kingdom Census 2001 showed there were almost 30,000 people living in the Bulwell area , accounting for over 10 % of the population of the city of Nottingham .
Sougé - le - Ganelon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays - de - la - Loire in north - western France .
The Liangzhou District ( Chinese : 凉州区 ; pinyin : Liángzhōu Qū ) is an administrative district in Gansu , the People 's Republic of China .
Jamia Hafsa ( جامعة حفصة ) is a madrassa adjacent to the Lal Masjid complex in Islamabad , the capital of Pakistan .
Unorganized Thunder Bay District is an unorganized area in northwestern Ontario , Canada in Thunder Bay District .
Mount Merapi , Gunung Merapi ( literally Fire Mountain in Indonesian / Javanese ) , is an active stratovolcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
The colonia of Jardines del Bosque is located in the western section of the city of Guadalajara , in the state of Jalisco , Mexico .
Nigel Creek is a short stream located in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada .
Makwassie is a small farming town situated in North West Province of South Africa that produces maize , sorghum , groundnuts and milk .
Bahawalpur Division was an administrative division of the Punjab Province , Pakistan until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
Vadum is a village and satellite community just outside Aalborg , Denmark .
Filipino Plaza is a landscaped park located in Vanness Avenue , west of SkyTrain 's Nanaimo Station in the city of Vancouver , Canada .
Svinjsko ( pronounced ( ˈsʋiːnskɔ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Šentjanž in the Municipality of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Caja de Ahorros de Navarra or Caja Navarra or CAN was a medium - sized savings bank based in the Navarre province of northern Spain with headquarters in Pamplona .
Dobroczyn Pierwszy ( dɔˈbrɔt͡ʂɨn ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Frigido is a short river in Tuscany , central Italy , whose course of 17 km is entirely included in the province of Massa - Carrara .
Menlyn Park Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Pretoria , South Africa , with a total floor space of 118 253 m² .
Dataganj(Urdu داتاگنج ) ( Hindi दातागंज ) is a town and a nagar palika in Badaun district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Le Strade dei vini e dei sapori ( Roads of Wines and Tastes ) is the name for the collection of routes in and around Italy , that lead to and through major regional food and wine production areas .
Qereq - e Aq Qamish ( Persian : قرق اق قميش‎ , also Romanized as Qereq - e Āq Qamīsh ; also known as Qereq ) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District , Loveh District , Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kathu is a town in South Africa , and the iron ore capital of the Northern Cape province .
Złochowice ( zwɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Orivirran saarto is a ruin of a 16th - century fortress located in Savonranta , Finland .
Kleinburg is an unincorporated village in the city of Vaughan , Ontario , Canada .
The Bragg Institute is a neutron and X - ray scattering group in Australia .
Haraldshaugen ( Norwegian : Riksmonumentet Haraldshaugen ) is a national monument in Haugesund , Norway .
Mo'allem Freeway , also numbered as Freeway 9 is a freeway in central Iran located in Isfahan Province .
Poovattoor Bhagavathy Temple is a famous temple located at Poovattoor of Kollam ( Quilon ) district , Kerala , India .
Shinagawa Lighthouse was a lighthouse in Shinagawa ( 品川第二砲台 ) , south of Tokyo , Japan .
The Mutanda Mine is an open - pit copper mine in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Baron Hardinge of Penshurst , in the County of Kent , is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
Chengallur is a place near Poojappura , Trivandrum , Kerala , India , where the famous Chengallur Shiva temple is located .
Marhanets ( Ukrainian : Марганець ; Russian : Марганец , literally manganese ) is a city of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast that was established in 1938 in central Ukraine .
Pearls Airport ( ICAO : TGPG ) was Grenada 's first airport .
The Reservoir of Guarapiranga ( Represa de Guarapiranga ) is a reservoir in the southern area of the city of São Paulo , in the State of São Paulo , Brazil .
Rockstone is a town on the right bank of the Essequibo River in the Upper Demerara - Berbice Region of Guyana , located at 05 ° 58′59``N 58 ° 32′59''W , altitude 6 Metres ( 22 feet ) .
Campos dos Goytacazes ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈkɐ̃puʒ duʒ ɡojtaˈkaziʃ ) ) is a municipality located in the northern area of Rio de Janeiro State , Brazil , with a population of 472,300 inhabitants .
Geitvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county , Norway .
Mirash ( Persian : ميراش‎ , also Romanized as Mīrāsh ) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Security Information Service ( BIS ) ( Czech : Bezpečnostní informační služba ) , is the primary domestic national intelligence agency of the Czech Republic .
The Gigantium ( called Jutlander Bank Arena for sponsoring reasons ) , in Aalborg , Denmark , is a large , rentable faire building , which hosts a large variety of concerts , markets and exhibitions , among other things .
Valentino Music is a Bosnian commercial cable television channel based in Brčko , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ralaghan is a townland located outside Shercock , County Cavan in Ireland .
Asxanakəran ( also , Askhanakeran ) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Skonsvikvatnan is a small lake located along the coast of northern Norway .
Presentation College Headford is a secondary school for boys and girls in Headford , County Galway in Ireland .
Affane ( Irish : Adh Mheán , meaning `` Central Ford '' ) is a small village in west County Waterford , Ireland , situated not far from Cappoquin and the River Blackwater .
Goff 's Caye is a small island off the shore of Belize City , Belize .
Długi Kierz ( ˈdwuɡi ˈkʲɛʂ ) ( kash . Dłudżi Cierz ) is a Kashubian village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Central Coast Adventist School is a P-12 co - educational private school located in Erina , New South Wales , Australia .
Mola di Bari , commonly referred to simply as Mola , is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari , Apulia , southern Italy .
Lanckorona ( lant͡skɔˈrɔna ) is a village located 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) south - west of Kraków in Lesser Poland .
The Kemihaara Wilderness Area ( Finnish : Kemihaaran erämaa - alue ) is a wilderness reserve in Finland .
The Amco Cup ( also known by various other sponsors ' names including the Tooth Cup , KB Cup , National Panasonic Cup and Panasonic Cup ) was a mid - week rugby league competition held in Australia between 1974 and 1989 .
Donji Milanovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доњи Милановац , pronounced ( dɔ̂ːɲiː mǐlanɔvats ) ) is a town in eastern Serbia .
Camp General Basilio Navarro serves as the main operating base of the Armed Forces of the Philippines ( AFP ) for the Southwest Philippines , and is the Headquarters of the Western Mindanao Command ( WESTMINCOM ) .
As part of the restructuring of municipalities in South Africa at the time , the local governments of the East Rand were merged into a single municipality in 1999 , called the Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality , meaning `` place of peace . ''
Koorong is a Christian bookstore chain operating across Australia .
The Canadian Expeditionary Force ( CEF ) was the designation of the field force created by Canada for service overseas in the First World War .
Øn Church ( Norwegian : Øn kyrkje ) is a parish church in Hyllestad Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Drobeta - Turnu Severin ( Romanian pronunciation : ( droˈbeta ˈturnu seveˈrin ) ; Latin : Drobeta ; Hungarian : Szörényvár , Szörénytornya ; Bulgarian : Северин ; Serbian : Дробета-Турн Северин/Drobeta - Turn Severin ) is a city in Mehedinţi County , Oltenia , Romania , on the left bank of the Danube , below the Iron Gates .
Berlin Commercial Internet Exchange ( BCIX ) is a Berlin - based Internet exchange point ( IXP ) founded in 2002 as a membership organisation and currently has 79 members , making it one of the largest regional IXP in Germany by membership .
The Federal University of Rondônia ( Portuguese : Universidade Federal de Rondônia , UNIR ) is located in the state of Rondônia , in Brazil .
Pierregot ( Pièrgou in Picard ) is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Nybrua is a bridge over the Aker River ( Akerselva ) in Oslo , Norway .
Rajabad ( Persian : رج آباد‎‎ , also Romanized as Rajābād ; also known as Deh Kaleh ) is a village in Gerit Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Diplomatic Academy of Vienna , or simply DA , ( in German : Diplomatische Akademie Wien ) is a postgraduate professional school based in Vienna , Austria , with focused training for students and professionals in the areas of international affairs , political science , law , languages , history and economics .
The Sterckshof castle is in Deurne , Antwerp , Belgium .
Sobków ( ˈsɔpkuf ) is a village in Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Association of Trust Schools ( ATS ) is an organisation of independent primary and secondary schools in Zimbabwe that was founded in 1962 .
Jasieniec - Kolonia ( jaˈɕeɲet͡s kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
La Goulette ( Tunisian Arabic : حلق الوادي‎ Ḥalq el - Wād , Italian : La Goletta ) is the port of Tunis , the capital of Tunisia .
Tamnar has a branch of State Bank of India in the center of town .
Agarakavan ( Armenian : Ագարակավան ; formerly Talishi Agarak ) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Praia dos Arrifes is a beach on the Atlantic south coast of the Algarve , close to the village resort of Sesmarias which is within the Municipality of Albufeira , Portugal .
Reber pri Škofljici ( pronounced ( ˈɾeːbəɾ pɾi ˈʃkoːfljitsi ) ) is a small settlement east of Škofljica in central Slovenia .
Gajowniki - Kolonia ( ɡajɔvˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Benguela Airport ( Portuguese : Aeroporto de Benguela - 17 de Setembro ) ( IATA : BUG , ICAO : FNBG ) is an airport serving Benguela , the capital city of the Benguela Province in Angola .
Caleta Chaihuín ( Chaihuín ) is a coastal hamlet ( Spanish : caserío ) and rural district in the commune of Corral , Los Ríos Region , Chile .
Ngaroto railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand , 3.4 km ( 2.1 mi ) south of Lake Rd , 2 mi ( 3.2 km ) north of Te Awamutu , beside the entrance to Yarndley 's Bush .
Revivim ( Hebrew : רְבִיבִים , engl . ( rain ) showers ) is a kibbutz in the Negev desert in southern Israel .
The Rothenburg Ferry is a cable ferry across the Saale at Rothenburg in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Umm Saiyala is a town in North Kurdufan Province in central Sudan , 140 kilometres northeast of El Obeid .
Queensland Pride is a monthly gay and lesbian magazine based in Brisbane , Australia .
Tamsalu is a town in Lääne - Viru County , Estonia , it is the administrative centre of Tamsalu Parish .
Auxerre Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Étienne d'Auxerre ) located in Auxerre , Burgundy , France , dedicated to St Stephen , is known for its expansive stained glass windows .
The Upper Silesian Ethnographic Park or Górnośląski Park Etnograficzny is an open - air museum in Chorzów , Poland .
Golmés is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Birgi is a small town located in the Ödemiş district of İzmir province in Turkey .
The Economic and Social Research Council ( ESRC ) is one of the seven Research Councils in the United Kingdom .
Alfredo Vásquez Cobo International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Alfredo Vásquez Cobo ) ( IATA : LET , ICAO : SKLT ) is an airport serving Leticia , the capital of the Amazonas department of Colombia .
Płociczno - Osiedle ( pwɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂnɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bayil Stadium ( Azerbaijani : Bayıl stadionu ) is a stadium in Bayil , Baku , Azerbaijan .
Clarkebury is a village in Chris Hani District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Villa Jesús María , Baja California is a small town in Baja California , Mexico , on Highway 1 between El Rosarito to the north and Guerrero Negro to the south .
Canterbury ( i/ˈkæntərbri/ , /-bəri/ , or /-bɛri/ ) is a historic English cathedral city and UNESCO World Heritage Site , which lies at the heart of the City of Canterbury , a local government district of Kent in the United Kingdom .
NK Jedinstvo Bihać is a Bosnian professional football club based in Bihać , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Order of Polonia Restituta ( Polish : Order Odrodzenia Polski , English : Order of Rebirth of Poland ) is one of Poland 's highest Orders .
Port Colborne Airport , ( TC LID : CPE5 ) , is located 4.8 nautical miles ( 8.9 km ; 5.5 mi ) west of Port Colborne , Ontario , Canada .
The Museo Municipal de Bellas Artes de Santa Cruz de Tenerife is a museum of fine arts located in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife ( Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain ) .
Kuleh Sarmargan ( Persian : كوله سرمرگان‎ , also Romanized as Kūleh Sarmargān ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Asosa Airport ( IATA : ASO , ICAO : HASO ) is an airport serving Asosa , the capital of the western Benishangul - Gumuz Region in Ethiopia .
Onek ( pronounced ( ˈoːnɛk ) ; German : Hohenegg , Gottscheerish : Wrneggə ) is a settlement in the hills east of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Shahrak - e Pain ( Persian : شهرك پايين‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Pā’īn ; also known as Nizhnyaya Shayryay , Now Shahrak , Shabrak , Shahrak , and Shahrak Tāzeh ) is a village in Bedevostan - e Gharbi Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cheshmeh Jalal ( Persian : چشمه جلال‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Jalāl ) is a village in Balaband Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bishia is a small locality in western Eritrea .
The Sanate Sugar Mill is located near the Sanate Abajo River in the La Altagracia Province of the Dominican Republic .
Gleichen is the name of two groups of castles in Germany , thus named from their resemblance to each other ( German : gleich = like , or resembling ) .
The portion of the A40/A44 between the Kreuz Kaiserberg and Kreuz Werl is traditionally one of the most congested sections of Autobahn in Germany .
Abhinava Vidyalaya English Medium School , or Abhinava , is a private , co - educational day school located in Kothrud in Pune , India .
Ignalina Česlovas Kudaba Progymnasium is a day , self - learning secondary school in Ignalina , Lithuania .
Emening is a settlement in Kenya 's Baringo County .
Stare Duchny ( ˈstarɛ ˈduxnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
BAE Systems plc is a British multinational defence , security and aerospace company headquartered in London in the United Kingdom and with operations worldwide .
Makresh ( Bulgarian : Макреш , pronounced ( makrɛʃ ) ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria , part of Vidin Province .
On September 20 , 1828 , Le Moule received rights to export its commodities to the metropolitan France without going through Pointe à Pitre .
Ölme is a locality situated in Kristinehamn Municipality , Värmland County , Sweden with 224 inhabitants in 2010 .
Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport ( Serbian : Аеродром Београд - Никола Тесла / Aerodrom Beograd - Nikola Tesla ) ( IATA : BEG , ICAO : LYBE ) , is an international airport serving Belgrade , Serbia .
Jadwiniew ( jadˈviɲef ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Kyneton Observer was a newspaper based in Kyneton , Victoria , Australia .
The Bhogpur railway station is situated in Bhogpur in the district of Purba Medinipur in West Bengal in the South Eastern Railway Zone , India .
Aulzhausen is a village in the municipality Affing near Augsburg ( 8 km ) in the district of Aichach - Friedberg , in Swabia - Bavaria , southern Germany .
The Cherasco Synagogue is the old synagogue of the Jewish community of Cherasco , Italy .
Killykeen Forest Park straddling Lough Oughter is situated in County Cavan , Ireland approximately five miles from Cavan town .
The Brigham Young University Jerusalem Center for Near Eastern Studies ( often simply referred to as the BYU Jerusalem Center , BYU -- Jerusalem or Mormon University ) , situated on Mount of Olives in Jerusalem , Israel , is a satellite campus of Brigham Young University ( BYU ) , the largest religious university in the United States .
Sholeh Boran ( Persian : شله بران‎ , also Romanized as Sholeh Borān and Sholehborān ; also known as Shīlīleh ) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tonga Island is a small ( 0.15 km2 ) island in Tasman Bay , off the northern coast of the South Island of New Zealand .
FK Mladost Velika Obarska ( Serbian Cyrillic : ФК Младост Велика Обарска ) is a football club from the town of Velika Obarska , in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Denkalia was a province of Eritrea until 1996 , when it was divided between present day Northern Red Sea and Southern Red Sea regions .
Šušljici ( Serbian : Шушљици ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Posht Qala ( Persian : پشت قلا‎‎ , also Romanized as Posht Qalā ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Gulf of Khambhat ( also known as the Gulf of Cambay ) is an inlet of the Arabian Sea along the west coast of India , in the state of Gujarat .
Aghbazh ( Urdu : اغباز‎ ) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Monasterzysko Małe ( mɔnastɛˈʐɨskɔ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Münsterberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Loen Church ( Norwegian : Loen kyrkje or Lokyrkja ) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Baiima is a small town in Bo District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone .
Kystagerparken is a park located in Hvidovre , Denmark , it borders Kalveboderne , the waters between Zealand and Amager .
The Verige bridge ( Serbian : Мост Вериге , Most Verige ) is a planned bridge in Montenegro that would span the Bay of Kotor , crossing the Verige Strait at the Bay 's entrance , after which it is named .
Suuksu or Suuk - su ( Ukrainian : Суук-Су , Сувук-Сув , Russian : Суу́к-Су , Суву́к-Сув , Crimean Tatar : Suvuq Suv ) is a cape on the southern coast of Crimea , Ukraine between the town Gurzuf and western slopes of Mount Ayu - Dag ( Bear Mountain ) .
Thum is a small town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Forez is a former province of France , corresponding approximately to the central part of the modern Loire département and a part of the Haute - Loire and Puy - de - Dôme départements .
Krążek ( ˈkrɔ̃ʐɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Ucluelet Aquarium is a non profit public aquarium in Ucluelet , a town on the west coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Gare de Briançon is a railway station serving the town Briançon , Hautes - Alpes department , southeastern France .
Jeju National University is one of the universities among 10 flagship Korean national universities in South Korea along with Seoul National University , Busan National University , Kyungpook National University , Chonnam National University , Chungnam National University , Chonbuk National University , Gyeongsang National University , Chungbuk National University and Kangwon National University .
The M - class cruisers were a class of light cruisers planned , but never built , by Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine before World War II . The ships were designed for commerce raiding in the Atlantic Ocean .
Miksztal ( ˈmikʂtal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Steinheuterode is a small municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia , in the center of Germany .
Hawke Bay is a large bay on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
Woodheys Park , also known as Pinky Park is a park which is located at Kenmore Road , off Woodhouse Lane in Sale , Greater Manchester , United Kingdom .
Chegerdanlash ( Persian : چگردان لاش‎ , also Romanized as Chegerdānlāsh ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gò Công is a town district ( thị xã ) of Tiền Giang Province in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam .
Kłodzko Fortress ( Polish : Twierdza Kłodzko , German : Festung Glatz ) is a unique fortification complex of the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwestern Poland .
The 2nd U - boat Flotilla ( German 2 . Unterseebootsflottille ) , also known as the Saltzwedel Flotilla , was the second operational U - boat unit in Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine .
The Hàm Luông River ( Vietnamese : Sông Hàm Luông ) is branch of Mekong River in the Mekong Delta region , Vietnam .
Ayilpatty is a village in Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Deh Now - e Gudsar ( Persian : دهنوگودسر‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Gūdsar ) is a village in Barez Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Dačice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdatʃɪtsɛ ) ; German : Datschitz ) is a town in southwestern Moravia , currently belonging to the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Hardangerfjord is the fourth longest fjord in the world , and the second longest fjord in Norway .
Minowa Dam ( Japanese : 箕輪ダム ) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1992 .
Tarhamabad ( Persian : ترحم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Tarḩamābād ; also known as Tarḩam ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kato Vlasia ( Greek : Κάτω Βλασία ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipality of Kalavryta , Achaea , Greece .
TS Maxim Gorkiy was , until 30 November 2008 , a cruise ship owned by Sovcomflot , Russia , under long - term charter to Phoenix Reisen , Germany .
Hajji Ghaldeh ( Persian : حاجي غلده‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Ghaldeh ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Stara Przysieka Pierwsza ( ˈstara pʂɨˈɕɛka ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dole pod Sveto Trojico ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlɛ pɔt ˈsʋeːtɔ tɾɔˈjiːtsɔ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia .
Uet era Ongael ( Ongael Lake ) is a marine lake located on Ongael island , Koror , in Palau .
Stockholm City Hall ( Swedish : Stockholms stadshus or Stadshuset locally ) is the building of the Municipal Council for the City of Stockholm in Sweden .
Mulago National Referral Hospital , commonly known as Mulago Hospital , is a hospital in Uganda .
Gazegah ( Persian : گزگاه‎ , also Romanized as Gazegāh ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Keyani ( Persian : كلاته كياني‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Keyānī ) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
A Voz de Vilalba was a newspaper published in Vilalba , Spain between 1983 and 1986 .
Nicoll Highway ( Chinese : 尼诰大道 ; Malay : Lebuhraya Nicoll ) is a major arterial road in Singapore which links Kallang to the city .
Cupcini ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈkupt͡ʃinʲ ) ) is a town in Edineţ district , Moldova .
The Cali River is a river of western Colombia .
The Toronto French School ( TFS ) , founded in 1962 , is an independent , bilingual , co - educational , non - denominational school in midtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Newcastle Permanent Building Society is a building society based in Newcastle , New South Wales in Australia .
Verkhnetulomsky ( Russian : Верхнетуло́мский ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kola Peninsula on the upper Tuloma River , 60 kilometers ( 37 mi ) southwest of Murmansk .
Silesian Zoological Garden ( Polish : Śląski Ogród Zoologiczny ) is a zoological garden in Poland .
Rūdiškės ( pronunciation , Polish : Rudziszki ) is a city in the Trakai district municipality , Lithuania about 15 km south of Trakai .
Aşağı Ağcayazı ( also , Ashaga Agdzhayazy and Ashagy Agdzhayazy ) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Guastalla is a town and comune in the province of Reggio Emilia in Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Motril is a town and municipality on the Mediterranean coast in the province of Granada , Spain .
Makoše ( pronounced ( ˈmaːkɔʃɛ ) ; in older sources also Makovže , German : Makusche ) is a settlement in the hills east of Dolenja Vas in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Mutzschen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmʊtʃən ) ) is a former town in the Leipzig district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Melsungen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmɛlzʊŋən ) ) is a small climatic spa in the Schwalm - Eder district in northern Hesse , Germany .
The Sacro Convento is a Franciscan friary in Assisi , Umbria , Italy .
Le Lavandou ( pronounced : ( lə lavɑ̃du ) ; Occitan : Lo Lavandor ) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Vrahovice is a village in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic , near Prostějov , founded in 1337 .
Kfar Ruth ( Hebrew : כְּפַר רוּת , lit . Ruth 's Village ) is a moshav in Israel , located just west of the Green Line near Modi'in .
Ekhagen Church ( Swedish : Ekhagskyrkan ) is a church building at Ekhagen in Jönköping in Sweden , belonging to the Kristina - Ljungarum of the Church of Sweden .
Bonwick Island is an island in the Broughton Archipelago in Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada .
The Cabcharge account payment system was established in 1976 to provide a way to pay for taxi fares by non cash means throughout Australia and participating countries .
Mount Gosford is a mountain located in southern Quebec , Canada , at the border with Maine .
Morava Airport ( Serbian : Аеродром Mopaвa / Aerodrom Morava ) ( ICAO : LYKV ) , also known as Lađevci Airport ( Serbian : Aеродром Лађевци / Aerodrom Lađevci ) , is a part public and part military airport in Lađevci near the city of Kraljevo , Serbia .
The Chitroptala river is a river in Orissa state , India .
Onicha Igboeze is a community in Onicha Local Government Area of Ebonyi State , Nigeria .
Franche - Comté ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɑ̃ʃ kɔ̃te ) ; literally `` Free County '' , Frainc - Comtou dialect : Fraintche - Comtè ; Arpitan : Franche - Comtât ) is a former administrative region and a traditional province of eastern France .
Cotapata National Park and Integrated Management Natural Area ( Parque Nacional y Área Natural de Manejo Integrado Cotapata ) is a protected area in the Yungas of La Paz Department , Bolivia .
Chadstone Shopping Centre is a super regional shopping centre located in the south - eastern suburb of Malvern East , Victoria in the city of Melbourne , Australia and is the biggest shopping centre in Australia and the Southern Hemisphere .
Tribanj is a settlement in the municipality of Starigrad , Zadar County , maritime central Croatia .
Imamovići ( Serbian : Имамовићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Milhosť ( German : Mitterdeutschdorf , Mühlgast ; Hungarian : Miglécnémeti ) is a village and municipality in Košice - okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Lycée français Chateaubriand was founded in 1903 in Rome , Italy and hosts around 1 430 students from preschool to high school .
Pilot crater is an impact crater in the Northwest Territories , Canada , just north of the Alberta border and near Fort Smith ( 54 km ) .
Chey Saen District is a district located in Preah Vihear Province , in northern Cambodia .
The Eg River ( Mongolian : Эгийн гол , Egiin gol ) is a river in the Khövsgöl and Bulgan aimags in northern Mongolia .
Tondano is the capital of Minahasa Regency , comprissing four kecamatan , in Sulawesi , Indonesia .
The Montagnes du Cibao ( Mountains of Cibao ) are located in Haiti .
Mangalore taluk is a taluk ( subdistrict ) in the Dakshina Kannada district , Karnataka on the western coast of India .
The Rittner Horn ( Italian : Corno del Renon ; German : Rittner Horn ) is a mountain in South Tyrol , Italy .
Vejen with a population of 9,518 ( 1 January 2014 ) is the main town in Vejen Municipality , Denmark .
Vigerslev Allé station is an S - train station in Copenhagen , Denmark servicing the ring line .
SF Rjukanfoss , prior to 1946 named Rjukanfos , was steam - powered railway ferry that operated between Mæl and Tinnoset on the lake Tinnsjø , Norway .
Laufen District or Laufental District ( French : District de Laufon ) is one of the five districts of the largely German - speaking canton of Basel - Country , Switzerland .
Quily ( Breton : Killi , meaning `` the forest '' ) is a former commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
The Museum Aristides Carlos Rodrigues is located at Avenue Pereira Rego , 1000 , in the town of Candelária , in the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Gordes is a commune in the Vaucluse département in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Kingak Island is an island located within Coronation Gulf , south of Victoria Island , in the Kitikmeot Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Chalthan is a census town in Surat district in the state of Gujarat , India .
Đào Xá ( chữ Hán : 陶舍 `` pottery hall '' ) , is a very common name of many villages in rural northern Vietnam .
Horgenzell is a municipality in Germany with 4528 inhabitants , near Ravensburg .
The President of Veneto is the supreme authority of Veneto , a Region of Italy .
After the establishment of the People 's Republic of China on October 1 , 1949 , Tangshan remained a provincially administered municipality with 12 areas under its jurisdiction .
The Parti Québécois ( French : Parti québécois , PQ ; pronounced : ( paʁ.ti ke.be.kwa ) ) is a sovereignist provincial political party in Quebec in Canada .
Linden Railway Station is located on the North Island Main Trunk Railway ( NIMT ) in Linden , New Zealand and is part of the suburban rail network of Wellington .
Joya de Cerén ( Jewel of Cerén in the Spanish language ) is an archaeological site in La Libertad Department , El Salvador , featuring a pre - Columbian Maya farming village preserved remarkably intact under layers of volcanic ash .
Team Surprise are a synchronized skating team from Sweden .
Ambodimotso - Atsimo ( also Ambodimotso or Ambodimotso Sud ) is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in Madagascar .
The Hōsa Library ( 蓬左文庫 ) is a library located on the compound of the Ōzone Shimoyashiki in Nagoya , central Japan .
Ænes Church ( Norwegian : Ænes kyrkje ) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Vancouver Youth Symphony Orchestra , or VYSO , is a high - caliber orchestra for the youths located in Vancouver , Canada .
Dambana is a village within the Badulla District in Sri Lanka .
İkinci Qaraçanlı ( also , Qaraçanlı-2 ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tylawa ( tɨˈlava ) ( Ukrainian : Тилява , Tyliava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Nikolaevo ( Bulgarian : Николаево ) is a small town in Stara Zagora Province , South - central Bulgaria .
Brønnøysund ( pronounced ( ˈbrœnnœʏˈsʉn ) ( listen ) ) is a town and the administrative centre of the municipality of Brønnøy , Norway .
Hadassah Medical Center ( Hebrew : מרכז רפואי הדסה‎ ) is a medical organization that operates two university hospitals at Ein Kerem and Mount Scopus in Jerusalem , Israel , as well as schools of medicine , dentistry , nursing , and pharmacology affiliated with the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Geographe Bay is in the south - west of Western Australia around 220 km southwest of Perth .
The Anti - Atlas ( Arabic : الأطلس الصغير‎ ) , Lesser Atlas or Little Atlas is a mountain range in Morocco , a part of the Atlas Mountains in the northwest of Africa .
Węgierska Górka ( vɛnˈɡʲɛrska ˈɡurka ) is a village in Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in the historic province of Lesser Poland .
Argakhtakh ( Russian : Аргахтах ; Yakut : Арҕахтаах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Alazeysky Rural Okrug of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 140 kilometers ( 87 mi ) from Srednekolymsk , the administrative center of the district .
Srpski Miletić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Српски Милетић ) ( German : Militisch ) is a village in Serbia .
Voryema Bay ( Russian : губа Ворьема ) is a body of water on the northwestern coast of the Kola Peninsula , border between Murmansk Oblast ( Russia ) and Norway .
Bumbuna is a town in the central of Tonkolili District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone .
Lake Taupo is a lake situated in the North Island of New Zealand .
The Ferrymead Two Foot Railway Society Inc. is a member society of Ferrymead Heritage Park , in Heathcote , Christchurch , New Zealand .
Myggbukta , or Mosquito Bay , was a Norwegian whaling , radio and meteorology station located on the coast of Eastern Greenland in what is now called King Christian X Land .
The Frohnauer Hammer is an historic hammer mill in Frohnau , a village in the municipality of Annaberg - Buchholz in the Ore Mountains of southeast Germany .
Podlom ( pronounced ( pɔˈdlɔm ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Istanbul Commerce University Faculty of Law or ICU Law ( Turkish : İstanbul Ticaret Üniversitesi Hukuk Fakültesi or İTİCÜ Hukuk ) is the law school of Istanbul Commerce University offering undergraduate and graduate programs , located in İstanbul , Turkey .
The Unterlinden Museum ( officially Musée Unterlinden ) is located in Colmar , France , in the Alsace region .
Ghora is a village located near Tarutta in Pakistan Azad Jummah Kashmir .
Gryfino ( ɡrɨˈfʲinɔ ) ( German : Greifenhagen ; Kashubian : Gripiewò ; Pomeranian Low German : Gripenhagen ) is a town in Pomerania , northwestern Poland with 22,500 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Neuvy - en - Sullias is a commune in the Loiret department located in north - central France .
The Eaton Arrowsmith School , which is modelled on the Toronto school and founded by Howard Eaton , was opened in 2005 in Vancouver , British Columbia with two further branches established in Canada and one in the United States between 2009 and 2014 .
Frolovo ( Russian : Фро́лово ) is a town in Volgograd Oblast , Russia , located on the Archeda River ( Don 's basin ) , 148 kilometers ( 92 mi ) north of Volgograd , the administrative center of the oblast .
The Queich Valley Cycleway ( German : Queichtalradweg ) is a cycle path in Germany that runs from Hauenstein to Germersheim .
Vyšný Klátov ( German : Beckseifen , Beckenseifen ; Hungarian : Felsőtőkés ) ( 1332/5 Superior Turastukes , 1397 Fel Teukes , 1400 Superior Bokkenzeifin , 1580 Ober - Beckseyffen ) is a village and municipality in Košice - okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Dzierzgonka ( d͡ʑeʐˈɡɔnka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Zabrežnik ( pronounced ( zaˈbɾeːʒnik ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills east of Selo in the Municipality of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Lizard ( Cornish : An Lysardh ) is a peninsula in southern Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Annapurna High School is a private high school located in Mandapeta , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Carrick River is a river of Fiordland , close to the southwesternmost point of New Zealand 's South Island .
Hajiwala ( Urdu : حاجیوالہ‎ ) is a village located in district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Until 2011 , CajaSur was a Spanish savings bank , run by the priests in the Catholic Church , located in Córdoba , Spain .
Jangal Kuh ( Persian : جنگل كوه‎ , also Romanized as Jangal Kūh ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Greytown Branch was a five - kilometre 3 ft 6 in ( 1,067 mm ) branch line railway off the Wairarapa Line at Woodside in the Wairarapa district of New Zealand 's North Island .
Hacı Zeynalabdin ( also , Hacı Zeynalabdin Tağiyev , Nasoslu , Nasosnaya , Nasosnyy , and Nassosny ) is a village and municipality in Sumqayit , Azerbaijan .
Radmilovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радмиловац ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , and an experimental farm of the University of Belgrade 's Faculty of Agriculture .
The University of Calgary ( U of C or UCalgary ) is a public research university located in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Zabol Airport ( IATA : ACZ , ICAO : OIZB ) is an airport northeast of Zabol , Iran .
The Loretto Baths , in short Lollo , is the oldest open - air swimming pool in Germany .
Choghamish District ( Persian : بخش چغامیش‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Be'er Milka ( Hebrew : בְּאֵר מִלְכָּה ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Magrane ( Arabic : ﻣﻘﺮن‎ ) is a town and commune , and capital of Magrane District , in El Oued Province , Algeria .
The Goda Mountains lie northwest of the Gulf of Tadjoura , Tadjoura Region in Djibouti .
Located in Heraklion , the Technological Educational Institute of Crete ( TEI CRETE ; Greek : Τεχνολογικό Εκπαιδευτικό Ίδρυμα Κρήτης ) was founded in 1983 to provide higher technological education to the students of Greece .
Dolenji Podšumberk ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnji pɔˈtʃuːmbɛɾk ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Cífer is a municipality ( village ) in the Trnava District , Slovakia .
Joint Task Force ( North ) ( French : Force opérationnelle interarmées du nord ) is responsible for all Canadian Armed Forces operations and administration in northern Canada , namely the Yukon , Northwest Territories , Nunavut and the waters of the Arctic Ocean ( within Canada ) and Hudson Bay .
Oreti Beach is the central bay of three lying on the Foveaux Strait coast of Southland , New Zealand , the others being Te Waewae Bay and Toetoes Bay .
The Red University Building ( Ukrainian : Червоний корпус Київського університету ; translit . : Chervonyi Korpus Universytetu , Russian : Красный корпус Киевского университета , translit . Krasnyi Korpus Universiteta ) is the principal and oldest 4-story campus of the Kiev University located at 60 Volodymyrska Street , in Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
The Uchi Subprovince is a Neoarchean volcanic sequence in Manitoba , Canada .
The Kurow Branch ( also known as the Hakataramea Branch ) was part of New Zealand 's national rail network .
Gypsum Mine , Shiraz ( Persian : معدن سنگ گچ‎ -- Ma``dan Sang - e Gech ) is a villageand company town in Qarah Bagh Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 23 , in 4 families .
Vyazma River ( Russian : Вязьма ) is a river in the Smolensk Oblast in Russia .
South Airlines ( Ukrainian : Південні авіалінії , Russian : Южные авиалинии ) was a charter airline based in Odessa , Ukraine .
Askola ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈaskola ) ) is a municipality of Finland .
Clonakilty ( /ˈklɔːnæˌkɪltiː/ ; Irish : Cloich na Coillte , Clanna Chaoilte ) , is a town in County Cork , Ireland .
The Vau i Dejës Hydroelectric Power Station is a hydroelectric dam on the Drin River , in Albania , near Vau i Dejës .
Lombron Airfield is a former World War II airfield , located 1.0 km south - southwest of La Chapelle - Saint - Rémy in the Pays de la Loire region , France .
Canadian Academy ( CA ; カナディアン・アカデミイ ) , founded in 1913 , is an independent pre - K--12 international school in Higashinada - ku , Kobe , Japan on the man - made Rokko Island ; more than 35 nationalities are represented in its student body .
Nova 93.7 ( call sign : 6PER ) is a commercial radio station in Perth , Western Australia .
Qahremanluy - e Sofla ( Persian : قهرمانلوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qahremānlūy - e Soflá ; also known as Qahremānlū - ye Soflá ) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Sjoa river provides the outlet from lake Gjende at Gjendesheim in the Jotunheimen mountains of Norway 's Jotunheim National Park .
Qassimiut ( old spellings : Qagssimiut and Kagsimiut ) is a settlement in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland .
Aso Rock is a large outcrop that is on the outskirts of Abuja , the capital of Nigeria .
Shree Singaji Thermal Power Project is a coal - fired power plant located near Dongaliya village of Khandwa District in Madhya Pradesh state of India .
Krokees ( Greek : Κροκεές , before 1927 : Λεβέτσοβο - Levetsovo ) is a village and a former municipality in Laconia , Peloponnese , Greece .
The Cairo Marriott Hotel is a large hotel located in the Zamalek district on Gezira Island , situated on the Nile , and just west of Downtown Cairo , Egypt .
The Clwydian Way ( Welsh : Taith Clwyd ) is a waymarked long - distance footpath in the United Kingdom running through Denbighshire in north east Wales .
Bussière - Boffy ( Occitan : Bussiéra Bòufin ) is a former commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Aquitaine - Limousin - Poitou - Charentes region in western France .
Nisli ( also , Nesli ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Gracar Turn ( Slovene : Gracarjev turn , `` Grätzer 's Tower ; '' from German : Grätzer Turn ) is a 14th - century castle on the northern outskirts of Hrastje in the Šentjernej municipality in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia .
Zalingei Airport ( IATA : ZLX , ICAO : HSZA ) is an airport serving the city of Zalingei in the Central Darfur region of Sudan .
The Auckland volcanic field is an area of monogenetic volcanoes underlying much of the metropolitan area of Auckland , New Zealand 's largest city , located in the North Island .
Hasankeyf ( Northern Kurdish : Heskîf , Arabic : حصن كيفا‎ , Greek : Κιφας , Latin : Cepha , from Syriac : ܚܨܢ ܟܐܦܐ‎ Ḥéṣn Kayfa ) is an ancient town and district located along the Tigris River in the Batman Province in southeastern Turkey .
Geilo Station ( Norwegian : Geilo stasjon ) is a railway station located at Geilo , Norway .
Raimon Land Plc ( /ˈraɪmɒn/ ; Thai : ไรมอน แลนด์ ) is a real estate developer in Thailand .
Força Réal is a rocky peak overlooking the region of Roussillon in Southern France .
Medinaceli ( pronounced : ( meðinaˈθeli ) ) is a municipality and town in the province of Soria ( Spain ) .
Nelson Mandela African Institute of Science and Technology ( NM - AIST ) is a public university in northern Tanzania based in Arusha City .
Achada Fazenda is a settlement in the eastern part of the island of Santiago , Cape Verde .
Tudjaat are Madeleine Allakariallak and Phoebe Atagotaaluk , two Inuit women from Nunavut , Canada who are keeping the ancient tradition of Inuit throat singing alive .
Pizak Khalifehi ( Persian : پيزك خليفه اي‎ , also Romanized as Pīzak Khalīfeh'ī ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Deh Now - e Salar ( Persian : ده نو سالار‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Sālār ; also known as Deh Now ) is a village in Takab Rural District , Shahdad District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ujazd - Huby ( ˈujast ˈxubɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Huchuy Qosqo is an archaeological site north of Cuzco , Peru .
Masjid Al - Istiqamah , or Al - Istiqamah Mosque ( Arabic : المسجد الإستقامة‎ ) , is a mosque in Singapore which was completed in 1999 .
Osaka International School of Kwansei Gakuin ( OIS , 関西学院大学インターナショナルスクール ) is a coeducational international school , located in Minoh , Osaka Prefecture , Japan .
Greater Union Organisation Pty Ltd , operating as Event Cinemas , Greater Union and Birch Carroll & Coyle ( now BCC Cinemas ) , is a group of cinema multiplexes across Australia , New Zealand and Fiji .
Krümmel Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Geesthacht near Hamburg , Germany .
The Hammond School , is a specialist co - educational performing arts school based in Chester in the United Kingdom .
Pacific Western Airlines Ltd ( IATA : PW , ICAO : PWA , Call sign : Pacific Western ) was an airline that operated scheduled flights throughout western Canada and charter services around the world from the 1950s through the 1980s .
The Spetses Museum is a diachronic museum in Spetses , Greece .
Xinyang ( simplified Chinese : 信阳 ; traditional Chinese : 信陽 ; pinyin : Xìnyáng ; postal : Sinyang ) is a prefecture - level city in southeastern Henan province , People 's Republic of China , the southernmost administrative division in the province .
Dragsmark Abbey ( Swedish : Dragsmarks kloster ) was a Premonstratensian canonry in Båhuslen , formerly Norway , now Bohuslän , Sweden .
Extertal is a municipality in the Lippe district of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , with c. 11,500 inhabitants ( 2013 ) .
But Airfield , also known as But West and But Drome , is a former World War II airfield near But , Papua New Guinea .
Višķi ( Latgalian : Vyški ) is a village in Višķi Parish , Daugavpils Municipality in the Latgale region of Latvia .
Dourtenga is a small town in the Dourtenga Department of Balé Province in southern Burkina Faso .
Sirot Island is an island of Papua New Guinea , located in the Green Islands , east of New Ireland .
Titelberg ( Luxembourgish : Tëtelbierg ) is the site of a large Celtic settlement or oppidum in the extreme south west of Luxembourg .
Kamień Krajeński ( ˈkamʲɛɲ kraˈjɛɲskʲi ) ( Kamień Pomorski 1920 - 1945 ; German : Kamin in Westpreußen ) is a town in Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,276 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
The Battle of Diabaly was fought between government forces of Mali , against groups of Islamists militants such as the AQIM and Ansar Dine .
The Military Hospital Rawalpindi is the largest hospital of the Pakistan Armed Forces , being one of the hospitals in the Pakistan Army with an ISO certification , located in the city of Rawalpindi .
Guiscriff ( Breton : Gwiskri ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north - western France .
The Exumas are known for fresh food and cultural significance to The Bahamas .
Selishtë is a village and a former municipality in the Dibër County , northeastern Albania .
Aukštupėnai mound or Kupiškis mound ( Lithuanian : Aukštupėnų piliakalnis ) is a hill fort in Kupiškis , Lithuania .
Wałbrzych ( ˈvau̯bʐɨx ) ( former German name : Waldenburg ; Lower Silesian : Walmbrig or Walmbrich ; Czech : Valbřich or Valdenburk ) is a city in Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south - western Poland , with 120,197 inhabitants ( 31 December 2010 ) .
The Château de Ham ( also called fort or forteresse de Ham ) is a castle in the commune of Ham in the Somme département in Picardy , France .
Lake Engure Nature Park is a protected park in Latvia covering 197.62 km2 ( 76.30 sq mi ) .
Yamethin is a town in central Burma ( Myanmar ) in Yamethin District , Mandalay Region .
Baljkovac ( Serbian : Баљковац ) is a village in Pivara municipality of Kragujevac in the Šumadija District of central Serbia .
Sangan - e Bala Khvaf ( Persian : سنگان بالاخواف‎ , also Romanized as Sangān - e Bālā Khvāf ; also known as Sangān , Sangūn , and Sāngūn - e Bālā ) is a village in Astaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Monestiés ( Occitan : Monestièr , meaning monastery ) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France .
J&L Supply Co. Ltd. is an oil supply company based in Canada .
Dharanawas is a Jagir village of varansurya charan caste in Jalore district of Rajasthan , India .
Club Street ( simplified Chinese : 客纳街 ; traditional Chinese : 客納街 ) is a street located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore .
El Pozo is a small town located about 20 minutes northeast of Culiacán , Sinaloa , Mexico .
Šušanj ( pronounced ( ʃûːʃaɲ ) ) is a small town in Montenegro .
Xankeçən ( also , Khankechan ) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nuugaatsiaq ( old spelling : Nûgâtsiaq ) ( IATA : JUU ) is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality , in northwestern Greenland , located on an island off the southern coast of Sigguup Nunaa peninsula , in the Uummannaq Fjord basin .
Stone wall in Takanawa seashore ( 高輪海岸の石垣石 , Takanawa kaigan no ishigaki ishi ) is a historical place in Takanawa 1 chome , Minato , Tokyo , Japan .
Heydarabad - e Baba Monir ( Persian : حيدرابادبابامنير‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād - e Bābā Monīr ; also known as Ḩeydarābād ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Chichester Range is a range in the Pilbara region of Western Australia .
Winfrith Atomic Energy Establishment ( or AEE Winfrith ) was a United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority site near Winfrith Newburgh in Dorset .
Zhangping ( Chinese : 漳平 ; pinyin : Zhāngpíng ; POJ : Chiang - pêng ) is a city in the southwest of Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Ugchelen is part of the municipality of Apeldoorn in the Gelderland province of the Netherlands , and is today seen as a neighbourhood of Apeldoorn .
Al - Riqama ( Arabic : الرقاما‎ , also spelled ar - Raqamah ) is a town in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located 34 kilometers southeast of Homs .
Skagen Lighthouse ( Danish : Skagen Fyr ) , also known as Skagen 's Grey Lighthouse ( Det Grå Fyr ) , is an active lighthouse 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) northeast of Skagen in the far north of Jutland , Denmark .
The Pinacoteca metropolitana di Bari or Painting Gallery of Metropolitan City of Bari is a public gallery of paintings and museum of artworks in the city of Bari , Italy .
Calgary - Glenmore formally styled Calgary Glenmore from 1957 to 1971 is a provincial electoral district in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Maguire , Ontario was a small agricultural supply based community which formerly stood at what is today the intersection of Adare Drive and Maguire Road , in the municipality of North Middlesex , Ontario Canada , in former McGillivray Township .
Gozdec ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːzdəts ) or ( ɡɔˈzdəts ) ) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
The earliest known historical mention of the Pyramid of Ameny Qemau is found in the book of the medieval Arab historian Taqi al - Din Ahmad Al - Maqrizi `` Geography and History of Egypt '' where Al - Maqrizi describes the `` pyramids of Dashur '' .
Jåttå Station ( Norwegian : Jåttå holdeplass ) is a railway station located at Jåttå in Stavanger , Norway .
The Transport and Logistics Centre ( TALC ) is a national policy and practice research centre based in Sydney , Australia .
Polydendri ( Greek : Πολυδένδρι , English : `` Many trees '' ) is a town and former community of East Attica , Greece .
Rzeszów Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo rzeszowskie ) can refer to one of two political entities in Poland :
The Church of St. Francis of Assisi was built in 1661 by the Portuguese in the Portuguese Viceroyalty of India .
Sky Deutschland AG , branded as Sky , is a German media company which operates a Direct Broadcast Satellite Pay TV platform in Germany , Austria and Switzerland ( through Teleclub ) offering a collection of basic and premium digital subscription television channels of different categories via Satellite and Cable Television .
The Second Gyeongin Expressway(Korean : 제2경인고속도로 , Je - I(2 ) Gyeongin Gosok Doro ) is a freeway in South Korea , connecting Incheon to Anyang .
Samtse , near the Indian border town of Chamurchi , is a town in Samtse District , Bhutan .
Östra Södermanlands Järnväg ( Ö.Sl . J. ) , Eastern Södermanland Railway is a 600 mm ( 1 ft 11 5⁄8 in ) narrow gauge railway in Mariefred , Sweden .
Ārlava parish ( Latvian : Ārlavas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Talsi Municipality , Latvia .
Rakulik ( pronounced ( ɾaˈkuːlik ) ) is a small settlement in the hills south of Hruševje in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Most common surnames in Angus ( Forfarshire ) at the time of the United Kingdom Census of 1881 : 1 .
Rafah ( Arabic : رفح‎ ) is a Palestinian city and refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip .
The Ashbridges Bay Wastewater Treatment Plant is the city of Toronto 's main sewage treatment facility , and the second largest such plant in Canada after Montreal 's Jean - R. Marcotte facility .
Ugniewo ( uɡˈɲevɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Shenhu ( simplified Chinese : 深沪 ; traditional Chinese : 深滬 ; pinyin : Shēnhù ) is a town on the southern coast of Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Shwebo District is a district in south - central Sagaing Division of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
San Antonio de Ibarra is a city in northern Ecuador that lies at the foot of the Imbabura Volcano and on the left bank of the Tahuando River in Imbabura Province .
Rzeczków - Kolonia ( ˈʐɛt͡ʂkuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nosara is a village and district in the Nicoya canton , Guanacaste province of Costa Rica on the Pacific Coast .
Kazan metropolitan area is one of the largest areas , located in Russia , which includes the cities and districts of Tatarstan and Mari El republics .
The church of San Biagio Maggiore is a small former religious edifice located in the city center of Naples , Italy , at the intersection of Via San Biagio dei Librai and Via San Gregorio Armeno .
Sijilmasa ( also Sijilmassa , Sidjilmasa , Sidjilmassa and Sigilmassa ) was a medieval Moroccan city and trade entrepôt at the northern edge of the Sahara Desert in Morocco .
La Chapelle - Caro ( Chapel - Karozh in Breton ) is a former commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Pethelinos ( Greek : Πεθελινός ) is a small village in the Serres regional unit of Central Macedonia , Greece 22 km away from the town of Serres , and 2.5 km from the Strymon River .
Pain Kuyakh ( Persian : پايين كويخ‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Kūyakh ; also known as Kūyakh - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The `` Stormwater Management And Road Tunnel '' or `` SMART Tunnel '' , is a storm drainage and road structure in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , and a major national project in the country .
The Banks Peninsula Track is a 35 kilometre tramping track on the Banks Peninsula on the South Island of New Zealand in the Canterbury region .
Lautaro Airport ( ICAO : SCLA ) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) southeast of Lautaro , La Araucanía , Chile .
Kurram River ( Pashto : د کرمې سيند‎ ) is located in Paktia and Khost provinces of Afghanistan and Kurram Agency , North Waziristan Agency and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Hobhouse Inlet is a body of water in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Lwamondo is a village in the Vhembe District Municipality , of Limpopo Province , South Africa .
Piz Zupò ( 3,996 m ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps , located on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
Porto Sant'Elpidio ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpɔrto santelˈpiːdjo ) ) is a coastal town in the province of Fermo , Marche , Italy .
Y Island is a small island located in the Exmouth Gulf of Western Australia .
The Parliament of Wallonia ( French : Parlement de Wallonie ) , formerly the Walloon Parliament ( Parlement wallon ) and previously the Walloon Regional Council ( Conseil régional wallon ) , is the Parliament of Wallonia , one of the self - governing Regions of Belgium with Flanders and the Brussels - Capital Region .
Ilkhchi ( Persian : ایلخچی‎‎ , also Romanized as Īlkhchī ; Azerbaijani : Ilxıçı ) is a town in and the capital of Ilkhchi District , in Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Druskininkai ( ( ˈd̪rʊs̪ʲkʲɪn̪ʲɪŋkɐɪ ) , Polish : Druskieniki , Belarusian : Друскенiкi ) is a spa town on the Nemunas River in southern Lithuania , close to the borders of Belarus and Poland .
Ramułtowice ( ramuu̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
San Salvatore a Camaldoli is a Renaissance - style , former Roman Catholic church and convent located in front of Piazza Tasso , in the quartiere of Oltrarno , Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Alba Adriatica is a town and comune with 12,386 residents ( 2014 ) in the province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of central eastern Italy .
Beit Shikma ( Hebrew : בֵּית שִׁקְמָה , lit . House of Sycamore ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Puzhakkal River is a westward flowing river in Thrissur District of Kerala State in India .
Weiden an der March is a municipality in the district of Gänserndorf in Lower Austria , Austria .
Dębno Poproboszczowskie ( ˈdɛmbnɔ pɔprɔbɔʂˈt͡ʂɔfskʲɛ ) ( German : Bischofseichen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Wikimedia UK ( WMUK ) is a registered charity established to support volunteers in the United Kingdom who work on Wikimedia projects such as Wikipedia .
Puntiagudo - Cordón Cenizos ( Spanish pronunciation : ( puntjaˈɣuðo korˈðon seˈnisos ) ) is a snow - capped volcanic chain located in the Andes , in Los Lagos Region of Chile , near Volcán Osorno .
Vranje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Врање , pronounced ( ʋrâɲɛ ) ) is a city and municipality in southern Serbia .
Lawa Anapaike Airstrip ( ICAO : SMLA ) is an airstrip located near the Indian village of Kawemhakan in Suriname .
Santiago de Cali ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sanˈtjaɣo ðe ˈkali ) ) , usually known by its short name `` Cali '' , is the capital of the Valle del Cauca department , and the most populous city in Southwestern Colombia , with an estimated 2,319,655 residents according to 2005 - 2020/DANE population projections .
Klíny ( German Göhren ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Most District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Ballons is a commune in the department of Drôme in the Rhône - Alpes region in southeastern France .
Finiq ( Albanian : Finiq or Finiqi , Greek : Φοινίκη , Finiki or Phoenice ) is a town and municipality in southern Albania located 8 km from the Ionian Sea and 20 km north of the Greek border .
Skopin ( Russian : Скопин ) is a town in Ryazan Oblast , Russia , located on the Vyorda River ( Oka 's basin ) 109 kilometers ( 68 mi ) southwest of Ryazan .
Gamcheon - dong is a subdivision of Saha - gu district in central - west Busan , South Korea .
Krotoszyny ( krɔtɔˈʂɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tjärven is the name of a small island and light station surrounded by deep water and located in the sea of Åland , north of the Söderarm archipelago of the coast of Sweden .
Figure skating at the 1988 Winter Olympics took place at the Stampede Corral , the Olympic Saddledome , and the Father David Bauer Olympic Arena in Calgary , Canada .
Rosolin ( rɔˈsɔlʲin ) ( Ukrainian : Росолин , Rosolyn ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Madras School of Economics is an institution of higher education in economics , located in Chennai , India .
The Headwall Lakes are in a valley south - east of Mount Chester in Kananaskis Country in Alberta , Canada .
Minkend ( Azerbaijani : Minkənd ; and Hak -- Armenian : Հակ ) is a village in the Lachin district of Azerbaijan .
Alassoya is a town and sub - prefecture in the Forécariah Prefecture in the Kindia Region of western Guinea .
Heiss Island ( Russian : Остров Хейса ; Ostrov Kheysa ) is an island in Franz Josef Land , Russia .
Bratuszyn ( braˈtuʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Santa Maria del Sasso , also known as the Sanctuary of Santa Maria del Sasso is a Renaissance church near Bibbiena in Tuscany , Italy .
The Islands Region is one of four regions of Papua New Guinea ( PNG ) comprising the Bismarck Archipelago and northeastern Solomon Islands Archipelago , located northeast of the mainland on eastern New Guinea island .
The Nibelungen Museum Worms in Worms , Germany , started in 2001 and is dedicated to the Nibelungensage .
The Bank Notes Tax Act 1910 was an Act of the Parliament of Australia which imposed a prohibitive tax on banknotes issued by banks .
Brieštie is a village and municipality in Turčianske Teplice District in the Žilina Region of northern central Slovakia .
Sabkhat Matti is a dry lake on the border between Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates .
Astrolabe Bay is a large body of water off the south coast of Madang Province , Papua New Guinea , located at 5.35 ° S 145.9166667 ° E. It is a part of the Bismarck Sea and stretches from the Cape Iris in the south to the Cape Croisilles to the north .
The Yaselda River ( Belarusian : Ясельда , ( ˈjasʲelʲda ) ) is a river in Brest Province in south - west Belarus .
Grafschaft Abbey ( German : Kloster Grafschaft ) is a community of the Sisters of Mercy of Saint Charles Borromeo , formerly a Benedictine monastery , in Schmallenberg in the Sauerland , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Gare de Longuerue - Vieux - Manoir ( Longuerue - Vieux - Manoir station ) is a railway station located in the commune of Vieux - Manoir in the Seine - Maritime department , France , near Longuerue .
Silsangsa Temple ( Hangul : 실상사 ; hanja : 實相寺 ) is a temple of the Jogye Order located in Namwon , North Jeolla Province , South Korea .
Gething Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Lower Cretaceous ( Aptian ) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin .
Mohammadeh ( Persian : محمده‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadeh and Muhammadeh ; also known as Maḩmara ) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District , Khav and Mirabad District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Hagaz ( Hagat ) is a town in central Eritrea .
Alphen Dam is a small dam in the Bonte River near Stellenbosch , Western Cape province of South Africa .
Stare Kurowo ( ˈstarɛ kuˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Baiae , known in modern Italian as Baia , was a mineral springs and coastal resort on the northwest shore of the Gulf of Naples in ancient Italy .
Gammel Køgegård is a manor house located just west of Køge , Denmark .
Mbunia is a small town in North Kivu in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Žirovše ( pronounced ( ˈʒiːɾɔu̯ʃɛ ) ; in older sources also Sirovše , German : Sirousche ) is a small settlement east of Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Lacrima di Morro d'Alba is a denominazione di origine controllata red wine that is produced in the province of Ancona , in Marche , Italy .
Tavshut ( Armenian : Թավշուտ , also Romanized as T’avshut ; formerly , Tazakend and Tazagyukh ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Papatea Bay is one of numerous small bays which lie between the eastern end of the Bay of Plenty and East Cape in the northeast of New Zealand 's North Island .
Asuny ( aˈsunɨ ) ( German Assaunen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Curicó ( kūrēkō ' ) , meaning `` Black Waters '' in Mapudungun ( originally meaning `` Land of Black Water '' ) , is the capital city of the Curicó Province , part of the Maule Region in Chile 's central valley .
The PS Medway Queen is a paddle driven steamship , the only mobile estuary paddle steamer left in the United Kingdom .
Rovigo railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Rovigo ) serves the town and comune of Rovigo , in the Veneto region , northeastern Italy .
Barkestad is a fishing village on the island of Dyrøya in the Vesterålen archipelago in Norway .
Logonna - Daoulas ( Breton : Logonna - Daoulaz ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Morondava Airport is an airport in Morondava , Menabe Region , Madagascar ( IATA : MOQ , ICAO : FMMV ) .
Dukwon High School is a high school in Daegu , South Korea .
Cape Apostolos Andreas ( Greek : Ακρωτήριο Αποστόλου Ανδρέα ; Greek translation Cape Saint Andrew , Turkish : Zafer Burnu ; Turkish translation , Cape Victory ) is the north - easternmost point ( promontory ) of the Mediterranean island of Cyprus ( 35 ° 41.70′N 34 ° 35.20′E ) .
Ichalkaranji is in western India about 425 kilometres ( 264 mi ) southeast of Mumbai .
Tarłów ( ˈtarwuf ) is a village ( a town in 1550 - 1870 ) in Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Emblematic of Portuguese medieval military architecture , the Castle of Santa Maria da Feira is one of the monuments that best reflects the diversity of defenses used during the Middle Ages , having been instrumental in the process of Reconquista and autonomy of the County of Portugal .
North Wagga Wagga ( informally called North Wagga ) is an inner northern suburb of Wagga Wagga , New South Wales , Australia , located on the floodplain of the Murrumbidgee River , directly across from the city 's Central Business District .
Złotki - Przeczki ( ˈzwɔtki ˈpʂɛt͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Clervaux railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Klierf , French : Gare de Clervaux , German : Bahnhof Clerf ) is a railway station serving Clervaux , in northern Luxembourg .
The river begins at the southern end of Grand Lake at the community of Jemseg , where it is bridged by Route 2 , the Trans - Canada Highway , using the new Jemseg River High Level Crossing twin bridges which opened in October 2002 .
Lake Yliki ( Greek : Υλίκη Yliki , Ancient Greek : Ὑλικὴ Hylike , Latinised as Hylica ) is a large natural lake of Boeotia , central Greece .
Mir Hoseynlu ( Persian : ميرحسينلو‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Ḩoseynlū ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Alliance for Veneto ( Alleanza per il Veneto , AdV ) was a short - lived centrist political party in Veneto , that was the section of Alliance for Italy ( ApI ) in Veneto .
Alucheh - ye Fuladlu ( Persian : الوچه فولادلو‎ , also Romanized as Ālūcheh - ye Fūlādlū ; also known as Ālūcheh ) is a village in Fuladlui Shomali Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Calgary International Reggae Festival is an annual event in Calgary , Alberta , Canada that is organized by the Calgary Reggae Festival Society .
Khanki Headworks is a headworks situated on the River Chenab in Gujranwala District of the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Santhebennur is a panchayat town in the Davanagere district of the state of Karnataka , India .
Leskovec pri Krškem ( pronounced ( lɛˈskɔːʋəts pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm ) or ( lɛˈskoːʋəts pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm ) ; German : Haselbach ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Takisan Tōshō - gū ( 滝山東照宮 ) is a Shinto shrine in Okazaki , Aichi Prefecture , Japan .
The Porsanger Peninsula ( Norwegian : Porsangerhalvøya ) is a peninsula in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Château de Luzech ( also known as the Tour de Luzech ) is a ruined castle in the commune of Luzech in the Lot département of France .
École secondaire Étienne - Brûlé ( French pronunciation : ​(ekɔl səɡɔ̃dɛʁ etjɛn bʁyle ) ) is a French - language public high school located in North York , Ontario , Canada part of the Conseil scolaire Viamonde .
Šargovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Шарговац ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Pudo is a town in Upper West Region in northern Ghana near the border with Burkina Faso .
Saint - Genès - Champanelle ( Sant Genèst Champanèla in Occitan ) is a commune in the Puy - de - Dôme department in Auvergne in central France .
Sunway University is a university with a 9 hectare ( 22 acre ) campus in Subang Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia .
Jumeirah Bay is a complex containing three skyscrapers in Jumeirah Lake Towers , Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Sandesneben is a village in the district of Lauenburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Longerakvatnet or Longeraksvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Bygland in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
İmambağı ( also , Imambagi ) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Edict of Versailles , commonly known as the Edict of Tolerance , was an official act that gave non - Catholics in France the right to openly practice their religions as well as legal and civil status , which included the right to contract marriages without having to convert to the Catholic faith .
Dlhá Ves ( Hungarian : Gömörhosszúszó ) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Parga ( Greek : Πάργα ( ˈpaɾɣa ) ) is a town and municipality located in the northwestern part of the regional unit of Preveza in Epirus , northwestern Greece .
You Ping is a village located west of Botou City in Hebei province , People 's Republic of China .
Cerovlje ( Italian : Cerreto ) is both a village and the surrounding municipality ( group of villages gathered together for governmental purposes ) ; it is at the centre of the northern boundary of the Istrian peninsula in Croatia .
Ko Tao ( also often Koh Tao , Thai : เกาะเต่า , Thai pronunciation : ( kɔ̀ʔ tàw ) , lit . `` Turtle Island '' ) is an island in Thailand and forms part of the Chumphon Archipelago on the western shore of the Gulf of Thailand .
The Summit railway station is located on the Southern line in Queensland , Australia .
The ruins of Spiš Castle ( Slovak : Spišský hrad , pronunciation ; Hungarian : Szepesi vár ; German : Zipser Burg ) in eastern Slovakia form one of the largest castle sites in Central Europe .
CHNU - DT , virtual channel 66 ( UHF digital channel 47 ) , is an Independent television station serving southwestern British Columbia , Canada , including Metro Vancouver , Victoria , the Fraser Valley and surrounding areas .
Chamarel is a village in Mauritius located in Rivière Noire District , the eastern part of the village also lies in the Savanne District .
Cayurruca is a hamlet ( Spanish : caserío ) located in the commune of Río Bueno in Los Ríos Region , southern Chile .
Bnei Netzarim ( Hebrew : בְּנֵי נְצָרִים , lit . Sons of Netzarim ) is a moshav in the southern Hevel Shalom area in Israel .
Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj Terminus or Shree Chhattrapati Shahu Maharaj Terminus is the main railway terminus in the city of Kolhapur , India .
The Sheepdogs became the first unsigned band to make the cover of Rolling Stone Magazine in 2011 and have since grown to popularity in Canada and the United States .
Karadžićevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Караџићево ) is village in Croatia , municipality Markušica , Vukovar - Srijem County .
The Victorian Ranger Association ( VRA ) was established in the early 1980s to represent Park Rangers and their professional interests in the management of natural and cultural assets in the state of Victoria , Australia .
Yekkeh Tut - e Sofla ( Persian : يكه توت سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Yekkeh Tūt - e Soflá ; also known as Yekkeh Tūt ) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ramanathan College ( Tamil : இராமநாதன் கல்லூரி Irāmanātaṉ Kallūri ) is a provincial school in Maruthanarmadam near Chunnakam , Sri Lanka .
Sukhteh Chal ( Persian : سوخته چال‎ , also Romanized as Sūkhteh Chāl ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Robben Island ( Afrikaans : Robbeneiland ) is an island in Table Bay , 6.9 km west of the coast of Bloubergstrand , Cape Town , South Africa .
Grey Gull Records was a record label based in Boston , Massachusetts , United States of America from 1919 through 1930 .
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine ( Ukrainian : Верхо́вна Ра́да Украї́ни , Ukrainian abbreviation ВРУ ; literally Supreme Council of Ukraine ) , often simply Verkhovna Rada or just Rada , is the unicameral parliament of Ukraine .
Farol da Lapa or Lapa Light is a lighthouse in Póvoa de Varzim , Portugal , on the seaport of Póvoa de Varzim in Póvoa Bay .
The Palinkopf ( also spelled Paliner Kopf ) ( 2,864 m ) is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps , located on the border between Switzerland and Austria .
Puncak Alam is a main township in Kuala Selangor district in Selangor , Malaysia .
Gradišče pri Trebnjem ( pronounced ( ɡɾaˈdiːʃtʃɛ pɾi ˈtɾeːbnjɛm ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
The Arboretum Vilmorin ( 4 hectares ) is a private arboretum located at 2 rue d'Estienne d'Orves , Verrières - le - Buisson , Essonne , Île - de - France , France .
Vallensbæk is a seaside western suburb of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Poniatowa concentration camp in the town of Poniatowa in occupied Poland , 36 kilometres ( 22 mi ) west of Lublin , was established by the SS in the latter half of 1941 initially , to hold Soviet prisoners of war following Operation Barbarossa .
Korase is a small village in Minuwangoda Divisional Secretariat of Sri Lanka , with lush green surroundings .
Hülscheid is a village in district Märkischer Kreis , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Niekrasów ( ɲeˈkrasuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kalachah ( Persian : كلاچاه‎ , also Romanized as Kalāchāh ) is a village in Kateh Sar - e Khomam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Canton of Roquevaire is a former canton located within the Bouches - du - Rhône department of France .
Hadzhidimitrovo ( or Hadzhi Dimitrovo ) is an archaeological site near the city of Jambol in the southeast of Bulgaria where polished stone tools from the Late Neolithic were found .
Racha ( also Račha , Georgian : რაჭა , Račʼa ) is a highland area in western Georgia , located in the upper Rioni river valley and hemmed in by the Greater Caucasus mountains .
Cártama is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga , part of the autonomous community of Andalusia , southern Spain .
The MV Krait is a wooden hulled vessel famous for its use during World War II by the Z Special Unit ( Z Force ) of Australia during the raid against Japanese ships anchored in Singapore Harbour .
Greek National Road 38 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 38 , abbreviated as EO38 ) is a single carriageway road in western and central Greece .
Dueodde Lighthouse is Denmark 's tallest lighthouse and one of the most important lighthouses of the Baltic Sea .
Bučečovci ( pronounced ( butʃɛˈtʃoːu̯tsi ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia .
Livny ( Russian : Ливны ; IPA : ( ˈlʲivnɨ ) ) is a town in Oryol Oblast , Russia .
Dul Golab ( Persian : دول گلاب‎ , also Romanized as Dūl Golāb ) is a village in Hendmini Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Möðrudalur is a farm settlement in Norður - Múlasýsla in Eastern Iceland , and the highest inhabited place in the country , at 469 m ( 1,539 ft ) above sea level .
Lothey ( Breton : Lotei ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Farallones de Cali is a cluster of mountains in the West Andes of Colombia .
Tullisaari ( Finnish ) , Turholm ( Swedish ) is a southeastern neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland .
Jarusan ( Persian : جاروسان‎ , also Romanized as Jārusān ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Teatro Nacional de São Carlos ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( tiˈatɾu nɐsiuˈnaɫ dɨ sɐ̃w̃ ˈkaɾluʃ ) ) ( National Theatre of Saint Charles ) is an opera house in Lisbon , Portugal .
The Château de Dinan consists of a keep , in the town of Dinan , in the Côtes - d'Armor département of the Brittany region of France .
Raymond Terrace is a town in the Hunter Region of New South Wales , Australia , about 26 km ( 16 mi ) by road north of Newcastle on the Pacific Highway .
Galaro ( Greek : Γαλάρο ) is a settlement on the island of Zakynthos , Greece .
Bétera ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈbeteɾa ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Camp de Túria in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Panikoili is a city in Jajapur district of Odisha state of eastern India .
Komazawa Olympic Park Stadium ( 駒沢オリンピック公園総合運動場陸上競技場 ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Setagaya , Tokyo , Japan .
1Borneo Hypermall also known as 1Borneo is a shopping centre in Kota Kinabalu , Sabah , Malaysia .
Kardašova Řečice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkardaʃova ˈr̝ɛtʃɪtsɛ ) ) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Dandenong railway line triplication project was an initiative of the state government of Victoria , Australia , to add sections of a third railway line from Caulfield to Dandenong to expand the capacity of and relieve congestion on the Pakenham railway line , part of the Melbourne suburban rail network .
Mala Vas pri Grosupljem ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla ˈʋaːs pɾi ɡɾɔˈsuːpljɛm ) ; Slovene : Mala vas pri Grosupljem ) is a village just north of Sveti Jurij in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Knocknarea ( /nɒknəˈreɪ/ ; Irish : Cnoc na Riabh ) is a large hill west of Sligo town in County Sligo , Republic of Ireland .
Ossian Sars Nature Reserve ( Norwegian : Ossian Sars naturreservat ) is located at the inner - most part of Kongsfjorden on Spitsbergen in Svalbard , Norway .
Sidi Moumen ( Arabic : سيدي مومن‎ ) is an arrondissement and northeastern suburb of Casablanca , in the Sidi Bernoussi district of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco .
Banking University of Ho Chi Minh City ( Vietnamese : Đại học Ngân hàng Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh ) is a university in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam .
Ujny ( ˈui̯nɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Tbilisi Medical Academy is the oldest private institution of higher learning in Georgia .
Mowtowr - e Khorram Huti ( Persian : موتور خرم هوتي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Khorram Hūtī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bridgetown Heliport , ( ICAO : TBPO ) is found in the city of Bridgetown , Saint Michael on the island of Barbados .
Soshanguve Giant Stadium , commonly referred to as Giant Stadium , is a multi - purpose stadium located in Soshanguve , a suburb of Pretoria , South Africa .
Sheringham ( /ˈʃɛrɪŋəm/ ; population 7,367 ) is an English seaside town within the county of Norfolk in the United Kingdom .
Gurdwara Darbar Sahib Kartar Pur is a Gurdwara in Kartarpur , Narowal District , Pakistan , 120 km from Lahore .
Over the course of the past 75 years , the Harzwasserwerke have expanded to be the biggest water supply company in Lower Saxony and is among the top ten water companies in Germany .
Glaam is a village and a municipal district of Hohenroda in Hersfeld - Rotenburg district in eastern Hesse , Germany .
Instituto Educativo Olinca , S.C. , operating as the Colegio Olinca ( `` Olinca School '' ) , is a private school system in Mexico .
Xylokera ( Greek : Ξυλοκέρα ) is a village in the municipal unit of Iardanos , Elis , Greece .
Medvezhyegorsk ( Russian : Медвежьего́рск ; Karelian : Karhumägi ; Finnish : Karhumäki ) is a town and the administrative center of Medvezhyegorsky District of the Republic of Karelia , Russia .
The Hamburg Blue Angels are a cheerleading squad for the Hamburg Blue Devils American football team in Hamburg , Germany .
Awaka is a village in northern Owerri , Imo State , southeastern Nigeria .
Hapdrok River is a small river in Turbat , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Çan is a town and district of Çanakkale Province in the Marmara region of Turkey .
Sir Winston Churchill Avenue is an arterial road in St. Albert , Alberta , Canada , named after British Prime Minister Winston Churchill .
Hønefoss Station ( Norwegian : Hønefoss stasjon ) is a railway station located at Hønefoss in Ringerike , Norway .
Kirkfield / Balsam Lake Seaplane Base , ( TC LID : CKW7 ) , is located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) southeast of Kirkfield and nearBalsam Lake , Ontario , Canada .
Åram is a village in Vanylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Tanji Bird Reserve is a bird reserve in the Gambia .
Kilifarevo ( Bulgarian : Килифарево ) is a small town in central northern Bulgaria , administratively part of Veliko Tarnovo Municipality , Veliko Tarnovo Province .
Varin - e Pain ( Persian : ورين پائين‎ , also Romanized as Varīn - e Pā’īn ; also known as Var - e Pā’īn , Var - e Soflá , and Varīn - e Soflá ) is a village in Khurheh Rural District , in the Central District of Mahallat County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Ústí nad Orlicí ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈuːsciː ˈnat ʔorlɪtsiː ) ; German : Wildenschwert ) is a city in the Ústí nad Orlicí District , Pardubice Region in Eastern Bohemia in the Czech Republic .
Kwahu Asafo is a town in the Eastern Region of Ghana
BCFM or Bristol Community FM is a community radio station broadcasting to the City of Bristol in the United Kingdom on 93.2 FM .
Dzolo ( also Ave - Dzolo ) is a village with 4,000 residents near the town of Kévé in southwest Togo .
Shinahota ( also sometimes spelled Sinahota or Shinaota ) is a small town in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia .
Black Hall River is a river in the state of Connecticut , United States of America .
Hoseynabad - e Alam ( Persian : حسين ابادعلم‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e ʿAlam ; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Chāh - e Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Jolgeh - e Mazhan Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Grinderwald is a mixed forest and a low hill range , up to 101 m above sea level ( NN ) , in Hanover Region and the Lower Saxon district of Nienburg / Weser in Germany .
Arateh Dasht ( Persian : ارطه دشت‎ , also Romanized as Araţeh Dasht ) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Buyezo is a small town located near Potes and Picos de Europa in Cantabria , Spain .
Chah Kutah ( Persian : چاه كوتاه‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Kūtāh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bushehr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Besançon ( French and Arpitan : ( bəzɑ̃sɔ̃ ) ; archaic German : Bisanz , Latin : Vesontio ) is the capital of the department of Doubs and of the Franche - Comté region in eastern France , close to the border with Switzerland .
One of the earliest evidence of Brahmi script in South India comes from Bhattiprolu .
Guteborn ( Upper Sorbian Wudwor ) is a municipality in the Oberspreewald - Lausitz district of southern Brandenburg , Germany .
Tolisavac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Толисавац ) is a village in Serbia .
Destrnik ( pronounced ( ˈdeːstəɾnik ) ) is a settlement in northeastern Slovenia .
In Northern Ethiopia , for instance , an Agew tradition has it that the Arsi Oromo moved to the locality around the sixteenth century .
Kota Buruk , literally mean `` Fort of Ruins '' in Malay is a historic site believed to be located at the today 's Kampung Tanjung Selabu , Jorak , Sungai Terap , Bukit Pasir , Pagoh , Muar , Johor , Malaysia .
Świętokrzyski National Park ( Polish : Świętokrzyski Park Narodowy ) is a National Park in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in central Poland .
Vahagni ( Armenian : Վահագնի , also romanized as Vaagni ; formerly , Shagali ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Mohammad Zaman - e Kamul ( Persian : محمدزمان كمول‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Zamān - e Kamūl ; also known as Moḩammad Zamān - e Kamūleh ) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District , in the Zagros District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Tidal Lagoon Swansea Bay is a tidal lagoon power plant proposed to be constructed in Swansea Bay off the south coast of Wales , United Kingdom .
Warahirka or Wara Hirka ( Quechua , wara trousers / bee , Ancash Quechua hirka mountain , hispanicized spellings Huarajirca , Huara Jirca ) is a mountain with an archaeological site of the same name in Peru .
Barehsar ( Persian : بره سر‎ , deilami : barasar ; pirehsar ) is a city in and the capital of khorgam District , in Roudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Amburayan was a former sub - province of the old Mountain Province in the Philippines .
Glambæk ( German : Burg Glambek ) was a castle in Femern ( German : Fehmarn ) on the north - east coast of Schleswig - Holstein in what is now Germany .
Mingende is a populated place in the Chimbu Province of Papua New Guinea .
Bärwalder See is a lake in Boxberg municipality , Görlitz district , Saxony , Germany .
Kretkampis is a village in Lithuania , located 35 km ( 22 mi ) from Kaunas and 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) from Lekėčiai .
Gajedi Taal ( Nepali : गजेडी ताल ) is one of the renowned lakes of Nepal .
Amman New Camp , locally known as Wihdat ( Arabic : مخيم الوحدات‎ ) , is the second largest Palestinian refugee camp in Jordan with a population of roughly 51,000 registered refugees .
Temizhbekskaya ( Russian : Темижбекская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Kavkazsky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Kuban River .
Agenebode is a water - side town located by the banks of the Niger River in Edo State , South South Nigeria .
The Balti Triangle is an area of Balti houses clustered along Ladypool Road , Stoney Lane and Stratford Road , to the south of Birmingham city centre , in the United Kingdom .
The Băișoara mine is a large open pit mine in the north - western of Romania in Cluj County , 60 km south of Cluj - Napoca and 466 km north - west of the capital , Bucharest .
Gotvand ( Persian : گتوند‎‎ ) is a city in and the capital of Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Bishopric of the Forces is the Latin - rite Catholic military ordinariate which provides chaplains to the British Armed Forces across the United Kingdom and overseas .
As of 2001 India census , Mahapalwas had a population of 1,738 constituting 277 households .
Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University ( PSTU ) or simply Telugu University , is one of the few language universities in India .
Jänhijoki railway bridge is a railway bridge located in the village of Minkiö railway station in Jokioinen municipality , in the Tavastia Proper region of Finland .
Pannonia was an ancient province of the Roman Empire bounded north and east by the Danube , coterminous westward with Noricum and upper Italy , and southward with Dalmatia and upper Moesia .
Skodsborg Spa Hotel ( Danish : Skodsborg Kurbad ) is a hotel and health resort in Skodsborg , on the Coast Road , 15 km north of 8Copenhagen , Denmark .
Əngəxaran ( also , Angekharan and Engekharan ) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Taborio is a settlement on the island of Tarawa , Kiribati , where the Immaculate Heart College , a Catholic school , is situated .
Maritsa Municipality ( obshtina ) is located in the Plovdiv Province , southern Bulgaria on the northern bank of the Maritsa River .
Otta Station ( Norwegian : Otta stasjon ) is a railway station located in the town of Otta in Sel , Norway .
Apeldoorn ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈaːpəldoːrn ) ) is a municipality and city in the province of Gelderland in the centre of the Netherlands .
Kwaśniów Dolny ( ˈkfaɕɲuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pleistocene Park ( Russian : Плейстоценовый парк ) is a nature reserve on the Kolyma River south of Chersky in the Sakha Republic , Russia , in northeastern Siberia , where an attempt is being made to recreate the northern subarctic steppe grassland ecosystem that flourished in the area during the last glacial period .
The Central Motorway Junction or CMJ ( best known as Spaghetti Junction and rarely as Central Motorway Intersection ) , is the intersection of New Zealand State Highways 1 and 16 , just south of the central business district of Auckland .
The Magyar Theatre is a theatre operating in Budapest , Hungary .
Gisborne Botanical Gardens is a public garden in Gisborne , New Zealand , that dates back to 1874 .
Puthenkavu Bhagavathy Temple ( Malayalam:പുത്തൻകാവ് ഭഗവതീ ക്ഷേത്രം ) is a Hindu temple dedicated to god Sree Durga Devi , located in the village of Elavoor in Kerala state , India .
The Bükk National Park ( Hungarian : Bükki Nemzeti Park ) is a national park in the Bükk Mountains of Northern Hungary , near Miskolc .
Kebnekaise mountain lodge ( Kebnekaise fjällstation ) , elev 690 m , is situated at the base of Mount Kebnekaise , 19 km west of Nikkaluokta , which in turn is situated 66 km west of Kiruna in Lappland , Sweden .
Uzunqazmalar ( also , Uzunkazmalar and Uzyunkazmalar ) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Gugjeh - ye Yeylaq ( Persian : گوگجه ييلاق‎ , also Romanized as Gūgjeh - ye Yeylāq ; also known as Gūgjeh and Gūyjah - ye Yeylāq ) is a village in Khararud Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Ankara Güvercinlik Army Air Base , ( Turkish : Ankara Güvercinlik Kara Hava Üssü ) ( ICAO : LTAB ) is a military airport of the Turkish Army located in Güvercinlik of Etimesgut district , 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) west of Ankara in central Turkey .
The Shoshongo Dum was a periodical river connecting the Omuramba Omatako with the Okavango River in north - eastern Namibia .
Landegode Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Landegode fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county , Norway .
Zohrab Ali Sara ( Persian : ظهرابعلي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Z̧ohrāb `` Alī Sarā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 85 , in 22 families .
The Presbyterian Inland Mission is the successor in the Presbyterian Church of Australia to the work of the Australian Inland Mission , founded by Rev. John Flynn .
Knurów ( ˈknuruf ) is a town near Katowice in Silesia , southern Poland .
Praia da Rocha ( English : `` Rock Beach '' ) is the beach and built up area on the Atlantic Ocean which is the southern section of the municipality / concelho of Portimão , Algarve , southern Portugal .
Mount Jamanota ( 188 m ) ( 620 ft ) is the highest point on the island of Aruba and is visible from the entire island .
Isoma Karyon ( Greek : Ίσωμα Καρυών ) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli , Arcadia , Greece .
The Derjon ( Ladin : Derjon ; Italian : Rio Gardena ; German : Grödner Bach ) is a stream in South Tyrol , Italy .
Melior International College ( MIC ) is a private education in Singapore .
Łazienki Park ( Polish : Park Łazienkowski or Łazienki Królewskie , literally `` Baths Park '' or `` Royal Baths '' ; often rendered `` Royal Baths Park '' ) is the largest park in Warsaw , Poland , occupying 76 hectares of the city center .
Ninashanca is a mostly rocky mountain in the north of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru , 5,607 metres ( 18,396 ft ) high .
The Istituto Sperimentale per la Zoologia Agraria ( Centre for Experimental Agricultural Zoology ) , located in Florence , Italy , is the oldest phytopathology centre in the world .
Shah Abu ol Qasem ( Persian : شاه ابوالقاسم‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Abū ol Qāsem ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bear Family Records is a Germany - based independent record label that specializes in reissues of archival material ranging from country music to 1950s rock and roll to old German movie soundtracks .
The Virgin Komi Forests is a natural UNESCO World Heritage site in the Northern Ural Mountains of the Komi Republic , Russia .
Circle Drive is a major road constructed as a ring road in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Formerum ( West Frisian : Formearum ) is a village on Terschelling in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Langenhagen is a town in the Hanover district of Lower Saxony , Germany .
Petro - Slavyanka ( Russian : Петро-Славянка ) is a municipal settlement in Kolpinsky District of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia .
Soltan Gah ( Persian : سلطانگه‎ , also Romanized as Solţān Gah and Solţāngah ) is a village in Abbas - e Gharbi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Long Night of the Sciences ( German : Lange Nacht der Wissenschaften ) has become an established form of public relations activity in Germany .
They were renamed to FC Belarus Minsk for the 1992 - -93 season , and finally to FC Dinamo-93 Minsk in 1993 .
Wikimedia Polska ( WMPL ; Polish : Stowarzyszenie Wikimedia Polska ) is a Polish public benefit organization established to support volunteers in Poland who work on Wikimedia projects such as Wikipedia .
The Quebrada de Ullúm Dam , or simply Ullúm Dam , is an embankment dam on the San Juan River , just west of San Juan in Ullúm Department of the Province of San Juan , Argentina .
Las Cabañas de Castilla is a hamlet of Osorno la Mayor located in the province of Palencia , Castile and León , Spain .
The Xacbal Dam ( Spanish : Planta Hidroeléctrica Xacbal ) is a reinforced concrete gravity dam and power plant spanning the Xacbal River in the municipality of Chajul , Guatemala .
The Tavan Bogd ( Mongolian : Таван богд , ( tɑwɑŋ ˈbɔɡ.dɔ ) , lit . `` five saints '' ) is a mountain massif in Mongolia , on the border with China and Russia .
Arena Randers is a complex of sports facilities , located in Randers , Denmark The hall 's history goes back to 1952 , when Randers Freja constructed Annex Hall .
Sanogoszcz ( saˈnɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Geneva Business School ( GBS ) is a private business school established in 2001 in Geneva Switzerland with presences in Barcelona Spain , United Arab Emirates and Moscow Russia .
Karori is a suburb located at the western edge of the urban area of Wellington , New Zealand , 4 km from the city centre and is one of New Zealand 's biggest suburbs having a population of over 14,000 at the time of the 2013 census .
Kinsale Community School is based in the town of Kinsale , Co. Cork , Ireland .
Balków ( ˈbalkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Scholars who believe the legend of Prince Vijaya to be semi - historical have tried to identify the legendary Sinhapura with several modern places in India .
The Usumacinta River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( usumaˈsinta ) ; named after the Howler monkey ) is a river in southeastern Mexico and northwestern Guatemala .
Zgornje Gameljne ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈɡaːməlnɛ ) ) is a settlement north of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Radwanka ( radˈvaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Atsbi ( Ge'ez : ኣጽቢ ) ( officially known as Atsbi Endaselase Ge'ez : ኣጽቢ እንዳስላሴ ) is a town in northern Ethiopia .
Kohvik Moon is a restaurant in Tallinn , Estonia , located near the Viking Line harbour .
Riga Passenger Terminal ( Latvian : Rīgas pasažieru termināls ) is a terminal in Riga , Latvia , that services public and private passenger traffic by sea .
Amaghu ( Armenian : Ամաղու ) , is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
IMPS College of Engineering and Technology ( or Impscet ) is an engineering and management college located in Malda , West Bengal , India .
Ritten ( Italian : Renon ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy .
Águas Lindas de Goiás is a municipality located in central Goiás , Brazil .
Simensbråten is a neighborhood in the borough of Nordstrand , Oslo , Norway .
The Cirque d'Estaubé is a cirque in the central Pyrenees in the Pyrenees National Park , forming the frontier between France and Spain .
Insurgentes 300 , also known by its official original name , Condominio Insurgentes , or also as Edificio de la Canada , is a 19-floor commercial and residential building , now closed and in a state of deterioration at Avenida de los Insurgentes 300 , Colonia Roma , Mexico City .
Ayutla de los Libres ( Mixtec : Tatioo ) is a city and seat of the municipality of Ayutla de los Libres , in the state of Guerrero , southern Mexico .
The Toyohira River ( 豊平川 Toyohira - gawa ) is a river in Hokkaidō prefecture , Japan .
Tolombeh - ye Doktor Khaleqi ( Persian : تلمبه دكترخالقي‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Doktor Khāleqī ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Fauro Island is an island , part of the Shortland Islands , Solomon Islands , located at 6 ° 55′S 156 ° 4′E.
The Harar Wildlife Sanctuary ( also known as the Babille Elephant Sanctuary ) is a protected area in Ethiopia .
The Sultan Ismail Power Station is the largest gas turbine power station in Malaysia , Located in Paka , Terengganu approximately 100 km from the state capital , Kuala Terengganu .
Kocaeli B.B. Ice Arena ( Turkish : Kocaeli B.B. Olimpik Buz Sporları Salonu ) , formerly Kocaeli Ice Rink , is an indoor ice skating and ice hockey arena located at Şirintepe neighborhood of Izmit in Kocaeli Province , Turkey .
The Asramam Maidan ( Malayalam : ആശ്രാമം മൈതാനം ) or Ashramam Maidan is an urban park , or maidan , in the city of Kollam , in Kerala , India .
Kidzania Tokyo is a family edutainment center amusement park , in the LaLaport Toyosu , Tokyo , Japan opened in October 2006 .
Issigeac is a small medieval village that dates back to Roman times , located in the Périgord and is approximately 20 km ( 12 mi ) southwest of Bergerac in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Islam Pur Lokari is a small village , situated in the west of Hathi Wind in the Sargodha District of Punjab province , Pakistan .
Pacific Audio Visual Institute ( PAVI ) is a private educational institution that specializes in music production and music management located in Vancouver , BC , Canada .
Vatne Church ( Norwegian : Vatne kyrkje ) is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Koodali and Kanhirode are two small villages on the Kannur - Mysore highway in India .
Dar Allouch is a town and commune in the Nabeul Governorate , Tunisia , 129 kilometres from Tunis .
Kolleru Lake is one of the largest freshwater lakes in India located in state of Andhra Pradesh 20 kilometers away from the city of Eluru .
Nicastro ( Greek : Neokastron , new castle ) was a small town in the province of Catanzaro , in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
The Zaisan Memorial ( Mongolian : Зайсан ) is a memorial south of the Mongolian capital of Ulaanbaatar that honors Soviet soldiers killed in World War II . Located on a hill south of the city , the memorial features a circular memorial painting that depicts scenes of friendship between the people of the USSR and Mongolia .
Kalleh Maran ( Persian : كله ماران‎ , also Romanized as Kalleh Mārān ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Motir ( Persian : مطير‎ , also Romanized as Moṭīr ; also known as Moţer ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Zuiderzee Works ( Dutch : Zuiderzeewerken ) are a man - made system of dams and dikes , land reclamation and water drainage works , in total the largest hydraulic engineering project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century .
Mu River ( Burmese : မူးမြစ် ; MLCTS : mu : mrac ; IPA : ( mú mjɪʔ ) ) is a river in upper central Myanmar ( Burma ) , and a tributary of the country 's chief river the Ayeyarwady .
Rybí ( could be loosely translated to English as `` belonging to fish '' ) is a small village in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Expo Forum is a convention center and arena complex located in Hermosillo , Sonora , Mexico .
The Kaisariani Monastery ( Greek : Μονή Καισαριανής ) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery built on the north side of Mount Hymettus , near Athens , Greece .
The Bukit Timah Nature Reserve is a small 1.64 square kilometre ( 400 acre ) nature reserve near the geographic centre of the city - state of Singapore , located on the slopes of Bukit Timah Hill , Singapore 's highest hill standing at a height of 163.63 metres , and parts of the surrounding area .
The College of Medicine & Sagore Dutta Hospital ( also known as Sagar Dutta Medical College ) is a tertiary referral government hospital , medical college and research institute in the state of West Bengal , India .
Jaliseh ( Persian : جليسه‎ , also Romanized as Jalīseh ; also known as Jalīseh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Korea University Business School located in Seoul , South Korea is the business school of Korea University , a member of the SKY universities .
Grange Royals Hockey Club is a field hockey club in Adelaide , South Australia .
The Northland temperate kauri forests ecoregion , within the temperate broadleaf and mixed forests Biome , is in northern New Zealand .
Sint - Maria - Oudenhove is a village in the Denderstreek and in the Flemish Ardennes , the hilly southern part of the province of East Flanders , Belgium .
Gombeh ( Persian : گمبه‎ , also known as Gomeh , Kāgheh , Kambeh , Kameh , and Kūmeh ) is a village in Japelaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
HaYonim Cave ( Hebrew : מערת היונים , Me'arat HaYonim , lit . Cave of the Pigeons ) is a cave located in a limestone bluff about 250 meters above modern sea level , in the Upper Galilee , Israel .
Trge ( Serbian : Трге ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Innvik Church ( Norwegian : Innvik kyrkje ) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Sant Carles de Peralta ( Spanish : San Carlos ) is a village in the north east of Ibiza ( Catalan : Eivissa ) , Spain .
Trévron ( Breton : Treveron , Gallo : Terveron ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Radomsko County ( Polish : powiat radomszczański ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Łódź Voivodeship , central Poland .
Hahei is a small settlement near Cathedral Cove on the eastern side of the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand .
Waqlamarka ( local Quechua waqla ( waqra ) horn , marka settlement / storey , `` horn village '' , hispanicized spelling Hacjlasmarca ) is an archaeological site with walls and round burial towers ( chullpa ) in Peru .
Peteranec is a municipality in the Koprivnica - Križevci County in Croatia , population 2704 ( 2011 census ) .
St. Lucia 's Cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Colombo in Sri Lanka .
In Northern Sri Lanka , Chunnakam is only second to Jaffna in terms of population density and commercial activities in and around its neighborhoods .
Værøy Church ( Norwegian : Værøy kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Værøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Fredenbeck is a municipality northwest of Hamburg ( Germany ) in the district of Stade in Lower Saxony .
Buqay ` al Qababi`ah is a town in the Madaba Governorate of western Jordan .
Aşağı Əndəmic ( also , Aşağı Əndəmiç , Ashagy Andamich , and Ashaga Andamish ) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Tacna Historical Museum , is a museum , located in the center of the city of Tacna , Peru .
Parak - e Sheykhan ( Persian : پارك شيخان‎ , also Romanized as Pārak - e Sheykhān ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Castleknock Castle is a ruined Norman castle located on the grounds of present - day Castleknock College , Castleknock , Dublin , Ireland .
The Chepino Valley ( Bulgarian : Чепинска котловина , Chepinska kotlovina ) or Chepino ( Чепино ) is the largest valley in the Rhodope Mountains in southern Bulgaria .
The Oleska shale gas deposit is an unconventional gas area in Lviv , Ivano - Frankivsk and Ternopil oblasts in Ukraine .
The Combatant 's Cross ( French : `` Croix du combattant '' ) is a French decoration that recognizes , as its name implies , those who fought in combat for France .
The Yerevan Botanical Garden ( Armenian : Երևանի բուսաբանական այգի ) of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences is the responsible body for plant collections in Armenia .
REG WindPower is a renewable energy company , in the United Kingdom .
Agialexiotissa ( Greek : Αγιαλεξιώτισσα ) is a neighbourhood in the city of Patras , Achaea , Greece .
The METI Handmade School , a primary school for 168 students located in Rudrapur in northern Bangladesh , was built with the assistance of local craftsmen making use of traditional materials , primarily mud and bamboo .
Liepāja District ( Latvian : Liepājas rajons ) was an administrative division of Latvia , located in the Courland region , in the country 's west .
Port Moody - Westwood was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia , Canada from 2001 to 2009 .
Phổ Minh Temple ( Vietnamese : Chùa Phổ Minh , Chinese : 普明寺 ) is a Buddhist temple in Tức Mặc village , 5 kilometres north of Nam Định city , Vietnam , the home town of the Trần Dynasty .
Nazilli is the second largest town in Aydın Province in the Aegean region of western Turkey , 47 km ( 29 mi ) east of the city of Aydın , on the road to Denizli .
Dragon Island is a privately owned island off the northeast coast of New Zealand 's Great Barrier Island , located 95 kilometres ( 59 mi ) to the northeast of Auckland .
The Forum Media Group ( FMG ) is an international publishing company with headquarters in Bavaria , Germany , founded in 1988 .
Pleucadeuc ( Breton : Plegadeg ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Sausvatnet is a lake that is located in Brønnøy municipality in Nordland county , Norway .
The Flora und Botanischer Garten Köln ( 11.5 hectares ) is a municipal formal park and botanical garden located adjacent to Cologne Zoological Garden at Amsterdamer Straße 34 , Cologne , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Kramim ( Hebrew : כְּרָמִים , lit . Vineyards ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel founded in 1980 by an urban society group organized by the kibbutz movement .
Queensland Community Care Network Inc. ( QCCN ) is a charity organisation based in Queensland , Australia .
The Pointe Allobrogia is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif , overlooking the Col Ferret on the border between Italy and Switzerland .
Altanshiree ( Mongolian : Алтанширээ ) is a sum ( district ) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia .
Los Trancos Creek ( meaning `` barriers '' or `` cattle guards '' from the Spanish `` Las Trancas '' ) is a creek that flows northerly from Monte Bello Ridge on the northeast slope of the Santa Cruz Mountains to its confluence with San Francisquito Creek at Stanford University in California , United States of America .
Burwood Park is a residential estate in Hersham , Surrey in the United Kingdom .
Ahlowal is a town in the province of Punjab , Pakistan , 80 km from Lahore .
Dehkuyeh ( Persian : دهكويه‎ , also Romanized as Dehkūyeh , Deh Kūyeh , and Deh Kooyeh ; also known as Dehkūh ) is a village in Dehkuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mowtowr - e Owrang Huti ( Persian : موتور اورنگ هوتي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Owrang Hūtī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Porcupine Hills refer to geographical features located in the prairie provinces of Canada .
Sedlejov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈsɛdlɛjof ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Muralla de Santiago de Compostela is a fort in Santiago de Compostela , Province of A Coruña , Galicia , Spain .
Marianne Island is a small ( 238 acres ) granitic island of the Seychelles .
Montacute Conservation Park is a protected area located in South Australia about 17 kilometres ( 11 mi ) north - east of the Adelaide city centre .
The Burgdorf - Peine Geest ( German : Burgdorf - Peiner Geest ) is a geest landscape , dominated by end and ground moraines , between Hanover and Brunswick in North Germany , with an area of about 550 square kilometres ( 210 sq mi ) .
Bymidten is a central neighbourhood of Odense , in Funen , Denmark .
Šentjurje ( pronounced ( ʃɛnˈtjuːɾjɛ ) or ( ʃənˈtjuːɾjɛ ) ; German : Sankt Georgen ) is a small settlement to the east of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
The Toți River is a tributary of the Sărata River is Romania .
Pachat - e Charbiyun ( Persian : پاچات چربيون‎ , also Romanized as Pāchāt - e Charbīyūn ; also known as Pāchāt ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Sowrand ( Persian : سورند‎ , also Romanized as Sūrand ) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sparbu Station ( Norwegian : Sparbu stasjon ) is a railway station located in the village of Sparbu in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Mae Na Chang ( Thai : แม่นาจาง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae La Noi District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
Grimbergen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɣrɪmbɛrɣə(n ) ) ) is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
San Martino del Vescovo , also known as the Oratorio dei Buonomini di San Martino , is a Roman Catholic parish church , located in the small piazza of the same name , at the end of via de ' Magazzini , corner via Dante Alighieri , Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Mangawhai is a locality in Northland , New Zealand around the Mangawhai Harbour .
Killeagh ( Irish : Cill Ia ) is a small village located in east County Cork , Munster , Ireland .
Lucens Castle is a castle in the municipality of Lucens in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Ikot Okoro is a rural settlement of Akwa Ibom State and was one of the larger population concentrations in the now defunct South Eastern Nigeria .
Ciudad Antigua ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sjuˈðað anˈtiɣwa ) ) is a municipality in the Nueva Segovia department of Nicaragua .
Skłody - Piotrowice ( ˈskwɔdɨ pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Åsane Fotball Damer is a Norwegian women 's football club located in Åsane , Bergen , Norway .
Assos ( /ˈæsɒs/ ; Greek : Ἄσσος ) , also known as Behramkale or for short Behram , is a small historically rich town in the Ayvacık district of the Çanakkale Province , Turkey .
Ojsławice ( ɔi̯swaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Petkovec ( pronounced ( pɛˈtkɔːʋəts ) or ( pɛˈtkoːʋəts ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Kahle Klippe is a rock formation in the High Harz in central Germany on the eastern slope of the Brocken above the valley of the Ecker .
Illorsuit Island ( Greenlandic : Illorsuip qeqertaat , Danish : Ubekendt Ejland ) is an island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Kota Gandredu is a village panchayat in Gurla mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Paasselkä ( earlier Paasivesi , both names roughly mean ' Stone lake ' ) is an oval - shaped lake formed in an eroded impact crater in Southern Savonia , Finland .
Sečje Selo ( pronounced ( ˈseːtʃjɛ ˈsɛːlɔ ) ; Slovene : Sečje selo ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River west of Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Duf Falls near the village of Rostuša is located in Mavrovo National Park in the western region of the Republic of Macedonia .
Kapeleto ( Greek : Καπελέτο ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit Vouprasia , Elis , Greece .
The Canton of Glarus ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡlarʊs ) ) is a canton in east central Switzerland .
Legęzów ( lɛˈɡɛ̃zuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Balamta ( बलम्ता ) is a small Village Development Committee in eastern Nepal , located at northern part of the Udayapur District .
Kyzyl ( Russian : Кызыл ; IPA : ( kɨˈzɨl ) ; Tuvan : Кызыл ) is the capital city of the Tuva Republic , Russia .
Drobočnik ( pronounced ( dɾɔˈboːtʃnik ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Soča River south of Most na Soči in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Eedu is a village in Karkala , Udupi district in the state of Karnataka , India .
N. Zahle 's School ( Danish : N. Zahles Skole ) is a private school located on Nørre Voldgade in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Kormandar ( Persian : كرمندار‎ , also Romanized as Kormandār ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mian Talak ( Persian : ميان تلك‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Talak ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The SPICE Arena , previously known as the Penang International Sports Arena ( PISA ) , is an indoor arena located in Penang , Malaysia .
Hubert Burda Media began as an Offenburg , Germany , printing facility in 1898 , founded by Franz Burda I. The company expanded between 1898 and 1945 to include the production of dressmaking patterns and magazines .
Harrat al Birk is an ancient lava field located along Saudi Arabia 's Red Sea coastline .
The Central Armed Police Forces ( CAPF ) ( Hindi : केंद्रीय सशस्त्र पुलिस बल ) refers to uniform nomenclature of five security forces in India under the authority of Ministry of Home Affairs .
The Huerta de la Alcurnia was a Moorish garden in medieval Islamic Toledo , in Al - Andalus , present day Spain .
Francisco Primo de Verdad National Airport ( sometimes abbreviated as Francisco P.V. y R. Airport ) ( IATA : LOM ) is a domestic airport serving Lagos de Moreno , in the Jalisco province of Mexico .
Defkandar ( Persian : دفكاندر‎ , also Romanized as Defkāndar ; also known as Defkūndar and Defqāndar ) is a village in Keshvar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bessastaðir ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈpɛsaˌstaːðɪr̥ ) ) is today the official residence of the President of Iceland and is situated on Garðabær , not far from the capital city , Reykjavík .
The Alexander Dennis Enviro500 ( previously known as the TransBus Enviro500 ) is a three - axle double - decker bus built by Alexander Dennis ( formerly by TransBus ) in the United Kingdom .
Widełki ( viˈdɛu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Boudh ( also known as Baudhgarh ) is a town and a notified area committee in Boudh district in the state of Odisha , India .
The Shiba - Baranai - Gurnai River is located in western Bangladesh .
Isla Pavón ( Pavon Island ) is an island in the Santa Cruz River in the department of Corpen Aike in Santa Cruz province in southern Argentina .
The Dwars door de Vlaamse Ardennen is a cycling race held annually in the province of East Flanders , Belgium .
Furmanów ( furˈmanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Ljusdal ( ( ˈjʉ́sdɑ̀ːl ) ) is a locality and the seat of Ljusdal Municipality , Gävleborg County , Sweden with 6,230 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Metuje ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɛtujɛ ) ; German : Mettau ) is a river in north - eastern Czech Republic .
Lelis ( ˈlɛlis ) is a village in Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Arthez - d'Asson ( Occitan : Artés d'Asson ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
Torre del Bierzo ( Galician : Torre do Bierzo ) is a village and municipality in the region of El Bierzo ( province of León , Castile and León , Spain ) .
Örebro Airport ( IATA : ORB , ICAO : ESOE ) is located 10 kilometers southwest of Örebro and is Sweden 's 23rd largest passenger airport and the 4th largest cargo airport .
Tambacounda is the largest city in eastern Senegal , 400 kilometres ( 250 mi ) southeast of Dakar , and is the Regional capital of the province of the same name .
Planplatten ( 2,245 m ) is a mountain situated above Meiringen in the Bernese Oberland in Switzerland .
Rostov - on - Don ( Russian : Росто́в-на-Дону́ , tr . Rostov - na - Donu ; IPA : ( rɐˈstof nə dɐˈnu ) ) is a port city and the administrative center of Rostov Oblast and the Southern Federal District of Russia .
Trikāta parish ( Latvian : Trikātas pagasts ) is a constituent part of Beverīna Municipality ( formerly of Valka District , Latvia , before the July 1 , 2009 , administrative reform ) .
Serra d'En Galceran ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈsɛra ðeŋ ɡaɫseˈɾan ) , Spanish : Sierra de Engarcerán ) is a mountain range of the Valencian Community , Spain .
Boulcott is a central suburb of Lower Hutt City situated in the south of the North Island of New Zealand .
Redwood Castle ( also known as Egan Castle or Caislean Choillte Rua in Irish ) is a Norman castle near Lorrha in County Tipperary , Ireland .
The Leyte Normal University is a public university in the Philippines .
Lake Robe Game Reserve is a protected area located about 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) south of the town of Robe in South Australia .
2005 S.League was the tenth season of Singapore 's professional football league .
Tubli ( Arabic : توبلي‎ ) is a village in Bahrain .
Felege Selam ( formerly known as Mender 4 ) is a town in western Ethiopia .
Steinfort ( Luxembourgish : Stengefort ) is a commune and town in western Luxembourg .
The Kentish Hotel is a tavern in Waiuku , New Zealand that lays claim to the longest continuous liquor license in the country .
The Universidad del Nuevo Mundo ( UNUM , New World university ) belongs to the Albatros College system , and is remarked as a high - class school in Mexico City 's private zone .
Mahseya ( Hebrew : מַחְסֵיָה ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Spišská Belá ( German : Zipser Bela ; Hungarian : Szepesbéla ; Polish : Biała Spiska ) is a town in the Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region in Spiš in northern Slovakia .
The Casma River which upstream is called Río Grande is a river that crosses northern Casma province in the Ancash Region of Peru .
Nehenjeh ( Persian : نهنجه‎ , also Romanized as Nahenjeh ; also known as Nanjeh and Nenjeh ) is a village in Tork - e Gharbi Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Gaga'emauga is an district on the island of Savai'i in Samoa .
Ņukši parish ( Latvian : Ņukšu pagasts ) was an administrative unit of the Ludza District , Latvia .
Wola Dębowiecka ( ˈvɔla dɛmbɔˈvjɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Mallakottai ( Tamil : மல்லாகோட்டை ) is the name of a panchayat village in Sivagangai district of Tamil Nadu state in South India .
Repulse Bay is a bay in the southern part of Hong Kong Island , located in the Southern District , Hong Kong .
The Abbey of San Guglielmo al Goleto in what is now Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi , Italy , was founded by Saint William of Vercelli in the year 1114 .
The Cercle Gaulois became Cercle Royal Gaulois ( `` Gallic Royal Cercle '' ) by authorization of his Majesty King Leopold III of Belgium on 16 February 1937 .
Purgałki ( purˈɡau̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo - Osada , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kilindini Harbour is a large , natural deep - water inlet extending inland from Mombasa , Kenya .
Whitesands or White Sands is a village on the island of Tanna in Vanuatu .
Souk Lahad ( Arabic : سوق الأحد‎ Sūq al Aḥad ) is an oasis town and commune in the Kébili Governorate , Tunisia , about 15 kilometers northwest of the town of Kébili .
The Miravalles Volcano is an andesitic stratovolcano in Costa Rica .
The Giudecca Canal is a body of water that flows into the San Marco basin in Venice , Italy .
Comisarovca Nouă ( Ukrainian : Нова Комісарівка , Nova Komisarivka Russian : Новокомиссаровка , Novokomissarovka ) is a commune in the Dubăsari District of Transnistria , Moldova .
Pasgah Hudian ( Persian : پاسگاه هوديان‎ , also Romanized as Pāsgāh Hūdīān ) is a village in Hudian Rural District , in the Central District of Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Primož pri Ljubnem ( pronounced ( ˈpriːmɔʃ pri ˈljuːbnɛm ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Ljubno ob Savinji in Slovenia .
The Paradesi Synagogue is the oldest active synagogue in the Commonwealth of Nations , located in Kochi , Kerala , in South India .
The Hermitage Hunting Lodge ( Danish : Eremitageslottet or Eremitagen ) is located in Dyrehaven north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Guranabad - e Qazi ( Persian : گوران ابادقاضي‎ , also Romanized as Gūrānābād - e Qāẕī ) is a village in Solduz Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Village Defence Party ( VDPs ) is a law enforcement force in Bangladesh , organised in distinct units at the level of individual villages and urban towns .
Orsay ( pronounced : ( ɔʁ.sɛ ) ) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île - de - France in northern France .
Sela pri Šumberku ( pronounced ( ˈseːla pɾi ˈʃuːmbɛɾku ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Lanwaley ( Somali : Laanwaaleey ) is a town in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
Juklevatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Hemsedal ( in Buskerud county ) and Lærdal ( in Sogn og Fjordane county ) , Norway .
Stanatovići ( Cyrillic : Станатовићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Clash achieved commercial success in the United Kingdom with the release of their debut album , The Clash , in 1977 .
Ländchen Friesack is a small ridge , up to 77 metres above sea level ( NN ) , northwest of Germany 's capital city , Berlin , and southwest of the town of Friesack .
Iglesia de Santa Eulalia ( Selorio ) is a church in Asturias , Spain .
Masidar - e Sofla ( Persian : ماسيدرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Māsīdar - e Soflá ; also known as Māsīdar and Māsīdar - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Bondoukou ( var . Bonduku , Bontuku ) is a city in north - eastern Ivory Coast , 420 km northeast of Abidjan .
Paroreio ( Greek : Παρόρειο , before 1926 Μπίτουσα , Macedonian Slavic / Bulgarian : Битуша , Bituša / Bitusha ) is a small village located about 15 kilometres north of Florina , the capital of the regional unit of Florina in northwestern Greece .
Maolin District ( Chinese : 茂林區 ; pinyin : Màolín Qū ) is a mountain indigenous district of Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
The White Hill Wind Farm is a wind farm in New Zealand operated by Meridian Energy .
Santa Maria delle Vigne is a Roman Catholic basilica church in Genoa , northern Italy .
The Arabian Sea Country Club ( A.S.C.C.L. ) , is a recreational club with a golf course and several other sporting facilities , located in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Bourke Airport ( IATA : BRK , ICAO : YBKE ) is an airport located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) north of Bourke , New South Wales , Australia .
Polus City Center is a shopping mall in Bratislava , opened in November 2000 it was the first modern shopping mall in Slovakia .
Sorkheh Hesar ( Persian : سرخه حصار‎ , also Romanized as Sorkheh Ḩeşār ) is a village in Kandovan Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nishiogikubo ( 西荻窪 ) is a district within Suginami Ward of Tokyo in Japan .
The Soboth Pass ( elevation 1347 m ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps , located north of the border between Austria and Slovenia in the Austrian states of Styria and Carinthia connecting Soboth and Lavamünd .
Sibbald Point Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Sutton West , Ontario , Canada on the southern shores of Lake Simcoe , 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) north of Toronto .
Higashi - Kakogawa is the second city centre of Kakogawa City in Hyōgo Prefecture , Japan .
The Savonlinja Group is the most important bus - service provider in Eastern Finland , and is building an ever - stronger presence in public transport in Southern Finland .
The ancient temple - complex , perhaps of Huzirina , now represented by the tell of Sultantepe , is a Late Assyrian archeological site at the edge of the Neo - Assyrian empire , now in Şanlıurfa Province , Turkey .
The Clarke Medal is awarded by the Royal Society of New South Wales , the oldest learned society in Australia and in the Southern Hemisphere , for distinguished work in the Natural sciences .
Rustenburg Airfield ( ICAO : FARG ) , licensed according to South African Civil Aviation Authority standards , is a municipal airport situated near Rustenburg in the North West province of South Africa .
After their arrival in India , the people of Goraya ( known as Manchester of Punjab , for no clear reason ) of Jats founded another village on G.T , Road between Ludhiana and Jalandhar , and named it after old principal city in Central Asia as Goraya .
Dembidolo ( or Dembi Dolo ; formerly Sayo ) is a market town and separate woreda in south - western Ethiopia .
Place de Ville is a complex of office towers in downtown Ottawa , Canada .
Wendron ( Cornish : Gwendron ) is a village and civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Analamanga is a region in central Madagascar , containing the capital Antananarivo and its surrounding metropolitan area .
Ouchy is a port , and popular lakeside resort located south of the city of Lausanne in Switzerland at the edge of Lake Geneva ( French : lac Léman ) .
Dapparay ( Russian : Даппарай ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , one of two settlements , in addition to Kyllakh , in Kyllakhsky Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
San Pablo La Laguna ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sam ˈpaβlo la laˈɣuna ) ) is a municipality in the Sololá department of Guatemala .
Sayn - Wittgenstein - Sayn was a County of Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , comprising the lands of the region of Sayn .
Velyki Ozera ( Ukrainian : Великі Озера ; Polish : Jeziory ) is a village in the Polesia region of Ukraine .
Makoura College ( spelled Makora College prior to 1990 ) is a state co - educational secondary school located in Masterton , New Zealand .
The Hardrada dynasty ( Norwegian : Hardrådeætta ) was a powerful royal `` house '' or `` dynasty '' which ruled , at various times in history , Kingdom of Norway , Kingdom of Mann and the Isles , Earldom of Orkney .
Dashak ( Persian : داشك‎ , also Romanized as Dāshak ) is a village in Qorqori Rural District , Qorqori District , Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Now Deh - e Gonabad ( Persian : نوده گناباد‎ , also Romanized as Now Deh - e Gonābād ; also known as Now Deh and Naudeh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stare Glinki ( ˈstarɛ ˈɡliŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Crasnoe ( Russian : Красное , Krasnoye , Ukrainian : Красне , Krasne ) is a town in the Slobozia sub - district of Transnistria , Moldova .
The Rivne Nuclear Power Plant ( Ukrainian : Рівненьська АЕС ) is a nuclear power plant in Kuznetsovsk , Rivne Oblast , Ukraine .
Bajram Curri Boulevard is a major boulevard of Tirana , Albania .
Lubosina ( lubɔˈɕina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mamburao Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Mamburao ) ( IATA : MBO , ICAO : RPUM ) is an airport serving Mamburao , a municipality in and the capital of the province of Occidental Mindoro in the Philippines .
Mindszentkálla is a village in Veszprém county , Hungary , with a population of 327 .
Islam Pura ( Urdu : اسلام پورہ ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Saddar Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Zabirah is a locality in northern Saudi Arabia .
Diphu Pass is a mountain pass at the tri - point of the borders of India , China , and Myanmar .
Bongseong - myeon ( Hangeul : 봉성면 , Hanja : 鳳城面 ) is a myeon or a township in Bonghwa county of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea .
Marlborough Girls ' College is a single - sex secondary school in Blenheim , New Zealand .
The Andrew Johnston Big Scrub Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales , Australia .
Lontov ( Hungarian : Lontó ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
Netiv HaShayara ( Hebrew : נְתִיב הַשַּׁיָּרָה , lit . Path of the Convoy ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Ölüdeniz ( literally Dead Sea , due to its calm waters even during storms ; official translation name Blue Lagoon ) is a small village and beach resort in the Fethiye district of Muğla Province , on the Turquoise Coast of southwestern Turkey , at the conjunction point of the Aegean and Mediterranean seas .
Kunturqucha ( Quechua hatun big , tipiy to husk maize , to snap , to break , qucha lake , hispanicized spelling Condorccocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region , Paucar del Sara Sara Province , Oyolo District .
Mole Beach ( Portuguese : ( ˈpɾaj.ɐ ˈmɔli ) , Praia Mole ) is located in the city of Florianópolis , Brazil .
The Kelkit River ( Turkish : Kelkit Irmağı or Kelkit Çayı ; Latin Lykus ) , is a river in the Black Sea Region of Turkey .
Le Boulou ( French : ( lə bu.lu ) ; Catalan : El Voló ( əl βuˈlo ) ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Torrens Island is located in the Port River Estuary between the Port River and Barker Inlet , about 15 km northwest of the Adelaide city centre in South Australia .
Chol ( Choll ) is a village at the northern end of Ngaraard State in the Republic of Palau .
Mont Saint - Sauveur ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃ sɛ̃ sovœʁ ) ) is a ski mountain and resort located in Saint - Sauveur , Quebec , 45 minutes north of Montreal , Canada , in the Laurentian mountains .
Albino Rock , formerly White Rock , is an island east of Great Palm Island , part of the Greater Palm group in Queensland , Australia .
Quti Darreh - ye Bala ( Persian : قوطي دره بالا‎ , also Romanized as Qūţī Darreh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Constitution House of Tabriz , also known as Khaneh Mashrouteh , is a historical edifice located next to the Great Bazaar of Tabriz , on Motahari Ave in Tabriz , Iran .
Mountains Christian Academy ( MCA ) was a small private school attached to a church community in Blackheath , New South Wales , Australia known as the Covenant Evangelical Church .
Kljajićevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кљајићево ) is a village in Serbia .
The Topkapı Palace ( Turkish : Topkapı Sarayı or in Ottoman : طوپقاپو سرايى ) or the Seraglio is a large palace in Istanbul , Turkey , that was one of the major residences of the Ottoman sultans for almost 400 years ( 1465 - -1856 ) of their 624-year reign .
The Pișcolt oil field is located in Pișcolt , Satu Mare County , Romania .
Comacchio ( koˈmakkjo ) is a town and comune of Emilia Romagna , Italy , in the province of Ferrara , 48 kilometres ( 30 mi ) from the provincial capital Ferrara .
Rockenhausen is a town in the Donnersbergkreis , in Rheinland Pfalz , Germany .
Shaikh Zayed International Airport ( IATA : RYK , ICAO : OPRK ) , also known as Rahim Yar Khan Airport , is located at Rahim Yar Khan , in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Ukai Thermal Power Station of the Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited , India , is a power station with an installed capacity of 850 MW .
The Association of the Three Rivers communes ( French : Communauté de communes des Trois Rivières ) is a French administrative association of rural communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and in the region of Lorraine .
Avber ( pronounced ( ˈaːu̯bəɾ ) ; Italian : Alber ) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Khak Mardan ( Persian : خاكمردان‎ , also Romanized as Khāk Mardān and Khākmardān ; also known as Khaimar Dan , Khaymardan , and Kheymardan ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dulene ( Serbian : Дулене ) is a village in Pivara municipality in Kragujevac city district in the Šumadija District of central Serbia .
Zarrentin am Schaalsee , until 2004 simply Zarrentin , is a town in the Ludwigslust - Parchim district , in Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany .
Lama River ( Russian : Ла́ма ) is a river in the Moscow and Tver Oblasts in Russia , a tributary of the Shosha River .
Kushat - e Sum ( Persian : كوشات سوم‎ , also Romanized as Kūshāt - e Sūm ) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Machadodorp , also known by its official name eNtokozweni , is a small town situated near the edge of the escarpment in the Mpumalanga province , South Africa .
Or HaNer ( Hebrew : אוֹר הַנֵּר , lit . Light of the Candle ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel .
Lay Gerdular ( Persian : لاي گردولر‎ , also Romanized as Lāy Gerdūlar ; also known as Lāy Gerdū ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hospital de Órbigo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ospiˈtal de ˈorβiɣo ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Mazraeh - ye Shariati ( Persian : مزرعه شريعتي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Sharī``atī ) is a village in Dowbaran Rural District , in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Wakes Cove Provincial Park is a provincial park in the northeast corner of Valdes Island , located in the Gulf Islands in British Columbia , Canada .
Kassowal railway station ( Urdu : کسووال ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎)is located in Kassowal town , Sahiwal district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Sucé - sur - Erdre ( Breton : Sulieg ) is a commune in the Loire - Atlantique department in western France .
St Mark 's Church School is the only independent Anglican co - educational school in Wellington , New Zealand for children aged from two ( Early Childhood ) to Year 8 .
The Metropolitan Region of Campinas ( Portuguese : Região Metropolitana de Campinas ) is an administrative division of the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
Belledonne ( French : La chaine de Belledonne ) is a mountain range ( French : massif ) in the Dauphiné Alps ( part of the French Alps ) in southeast France .
Sherathang is a town in Sikkim near the Nathula Pass in India .
The Municipality of Radovljica ( Slovene : Občina Radovljica ) is a municipality in the Upper Carniola region of northern Slovenia .
Campo Atlético Charles H. Terry ( English : Charles H. Terry Athletic Field ) , or simply , El Charles H. Terry is the oldest continuously - functioning athletic field and baseball park in Puerto Rico , and the second oldest in the Caribbean .
The North Kara basin is a sedimentary basin , a part of the Arctic shelf of Russia , associated with the Kara Sea .
Plovdiv Airport ( Bulgarian : Летище Пловдив , Letishte Plovdiv ) ( IATA : PDV , ICAO : LBPD ) is the airport of the second largest city in Bulgaria , Plovdiv and is the country 's 4th busiest behind Sofia , Burgas & Varna .
The 1913 Asmara earthquake took place outside Asmara , Eritrea on 27 February .
The Château d'Apremont is a ruined 16th century château in the commune of Apremont in the Vendée département of France .
The Gare de Persan - Beaumont ( Persan - Beaumont Station ) is a railway station in Persan ( Val - d'Oise department ) , France , near Beaumont - sur - Oise .
Vácrátót Botanical Garden ( Hungarian : Vácrátóti botanikus kert ) is a botanical garden in Hungary maintained by the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .
Beirut Municipal Stadium ( Arabic : ملعب بيروت البلدي‎ ) is an 18,000 capacity multi - purpose stadium in Beirut , Lebanon .
Lule River ( Swedish : Lule älv , Luleälven ) is a major river in Sweden , rising in northern Sweden and flowing southeast for 460 km ( 290 mi ) before reaching the Gulf of Bothnia at Luleå .
Geneina Airport ( IATA : EGN , ICAO : HSGN ) is an airport serving Geneina , in the Darfur region of Sudan .
Montenegrin Ground Army is the primary component of Military of Montenegro .
Atlantis Marine Park was a theme park built in 1981 in Two Rocks , a small fishing community 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) north of Perth , the capital of Western Australia .
Somali Airlines was the flag carrier of Somalia .
Mount Sapo is a fictional mountain supposed to exist somewhere near Rome , presumably in Italy .
Pigany ( pʲiˈɡanɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Пігани , Pihany ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieniawa , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Lake Miyagase ( 宮ヶ瀬湖 ) is a lake within the Aiko District of Kanagawa , Japan , located between Sagamihara and Atsugi .
Nxai Pan National Park is a national park in north - eastern Botswana , consisting of Nxai Pan , which is one of the Makgadikgadi Pan salt flats .
The Stikine Plateau is a plateau in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Žale Central Cemetery ( Slovene : Centralno pokopališče Žale ) , often abbreviated to Žale , is the largest and the central cemetery in Ljubljana and Slovenia .
Haast Pass is a mountain pass in the Southern Alps of the South Island of New Zealand .
Polemi ( Greek : Πολέμι ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus .
Oldchurch Hospital was a hospital in London , United Kingdom , located in Romford , in the London Borough of Havering and part of the Barking , Havering and Redbridge Hospitals NHS Trust .
Bukuru is located on the Jos Plateau in Nigeria .
Zoravan ( Armenian : Զորավան ; formerly , Ghargavank and Pokravan ; historically and prior to 1972 - 80 , Khacho ) is a village situated along the lower slopes of Mount Ara in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Queen Juliana Bridge is a four lane road bridge across St. Anna Bay in Willemstad , the capital of Curaçao and formerly , the Netherlands Antilles .
Kyunhla ( Burmese : ကျွန်းလှ ) is a town in Shwebo District , Sagaing Division in north - western Burma ( Myanmar ) about 70 kilometres east of Mawlaik .
The Protezione Civile ( Civil Protection ) department is the national body in Italy that deals with the prediction , prevention and management of exceptional events .
Dasht - e Qir ( Persian : دشتقير‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Qīr ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hojr Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هجر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Worser Bay in Wellington , New Zealand is along the beach from Seatoun and over the hill from Miramar on the Miramar Peninsula .
Sadat - e Sharqi ( Persian : سادات شرقي‎ , also Romanized as Sādāt - e Sharqī ) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Schlindermanderscheid ( Luxembourgish : Schlënnermanescht ) is a village in the commune of Bourscheid , in north - eastern Luxembourg .
The Vanil Noir is a mountain of the Fribourg Prealps , located on the border between the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud in western Switzerland .
Avdalen is a small side valley of the main Utladalen valley in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Bank Negara Komuter station is a KTM Komuter train station in central Kuala Lumpur , named after the Central Bank of Malaysia headquarters located nearby .
Malsheykh ( Persian : مال شيخ‎ , also Romanized as Mālsheykh ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Rusinovo ( Macedonian : Русиново ) is a village in the Berovo Municipality of Macedonia
Donje Crniljevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доње Срниљево ) is a village in Serbia .
Kiteenjärvi is a medium - sized lake in North Karelia region in Finland .
Qarah Gozlu ( Persian : قره گزلو‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Gozlū ; also known as Qaraguzlu , Qareh Gowzlū , Shamsābād - e Qareh Gozlū , and Shamsābād - e Qoroq ) is a village in Beyza Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Yakawlang ( also romanized as Yakaolang ) was a city of 65,000 people ( est . 2000 ) in Yakawlang District , Bamyan Province , Afghanistan .
Mahendranagar Airport ( IATA : XMG , ICAO : VNMN ) is an airport serving Mahendranagar , a city in the Kanchanpur district of the Mahakali zone in western Nepal .
The Seregovo mine is a large salt mine located in north - western Russia in Komi Republic .
Sidi Zahar ( Arabic : سيدي الزهار ) is a town and commune in Médéa Province , Algeria .
Observation Post Alpha , OP Alpha or Point Alpha was a Cold War observation post between Rasdorf , Hesse , in what was then West Germany and Geisa , Thuringia , then part of East Germany .
Thumba is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram city , capital of Kerala , India .
Manggar ( 芒加尔 ) is a town in the Indonesian province of Bangka - Belitung , Indonesia .
The Engeløy Bridges ( Norwegian : Engeløybruene ) are two bridges in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county , Norway .
Bad Vöslau Airport ( German : Flugplatz Bad Vöslau , ICAO : LOAV ) is a public airport located 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) east of Bad Vöslau , Niederösterreich , Austria .
Progressive Enterprises is the second largest grocery company in New Zealand ( behind Foodstuffs ) , with a revenue of NZ$4,957 million for the year to June 2009 .
Dasty or Dispy was a village in Badakhshan Province , Afghanistan .
Łebsko Lake ( German : Lebasee ) is a coastal lake in the Pomeranian Voivodeship of Poland .
The Rotorua Museum of Art and History is a local museum and art gallery located in Rotorua , Bay of Plenty , North Island , New Zealand .
Blaouza ( Arabic : بلوزا‎ , also spelt Blawza and Blouza ) , is a Maronite Christian village in the Bsharri District of the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Vellarimala is a mountain range in Kerala , India , spread across Thiruvambady Panchayat in Kozhikode district and Meppadi Panchayat in Wayanad district .
Dastejeh ( Persian : دستجه‎ , also Romanized as Dastjeh ; also known as Dasteḩeh and Deh Dashteh ) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Baguiati lies off the Kazi Nazrul Islam Sarani , popularly known as VIP Road , in the north - eastern periphery of Kolkata city , in the state of West Bengal , India .
Jolalpan Municipality is a municipality in Puebla in south - eastern Mexico .
Cannon Rocks is a small seaside town on the Indian Ocean in the Eastern Cape Province , South Africa , between Boknes and the boundary of the Greater Addo Elephant Park .
Rosignano Solvay is a frazione ( detached borough ) of Rosignano Marittimo , Tuscany , Italy , located some 25 km from Livorno .
The Casa de Velázquez is a French school in Spain modelled on the Villa Médicis in Rome , and the fr :
Cherves - Richemont is a French commune in the Charente department in southwestern France .
The Nordhordland Bridge ( Norwegian : Nordhordlandsbrua ) is a combined cable - stayed and pontoon bridge which crosses Salhusfjorden between Klauvaneset and Flatøy in Hordaland , Norway .
Chajjwal is very small village located on Satayana road in Faislabad , Pakistan .
Wellawatte has also produced some of the best cricketers and ruggerites in Sri Lanka .
Jalaliyeh - ye Hajeri ( Persian : جلاليه هجري‎ , also Romanized as Jalālīyeh - ye Hajerī ; also known as Jalālīyeh ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cod Hole is one of the best known dive sites in the world and is located on the northern end of the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland , Australia on ribbon reef number 10 .
Bodagh Mahalleh ( Persian : بداغ محله‎ , also Romanized as Bodāgh Maḩalleh ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Begunjščica was once an important mining area for manganese ore in Slovenia .
The Campeonato Cearense is the football ( soccer ) league of the state of Ceará , Brazil .
Aabybro is a town in Jammerbugt municipality in Denmark .
The Bridge at Nimreh is a Roman bridge in the vicinity of Shahba ( ancient Philippopolis ) , Syria , dating to the 3rd or 4th century AD .
Shanehband ( Persian : شانه بند‎ , also Romanized as Shānehband ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jraber ( Armenian : Ջրաբեր , also Romanized as Dzhraber and Djraber ; formerly , Nikolayevka ) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Teofipol Raion ( Ukrainian : Теофіпольський район , Teofipol's'kyi raion ) is one of the 20 administrative raions ( a district ) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine .
The Ocoña River ( Spanish : Río Ocoña ) is a river located in the Arequipa region in southern Peru .
Asesewa is a small town and the capital of Upper Manya Krobo district in the Eastern region of southern Ghana .
Jazz Hot is an influential French quarterly jazz magazine published in Marseille , in the South of France on the Mediterranean coast .
Balgari ( Bulgarian : Българи ) is a village in Tsarevo Municipality , in Burgas Province , in southeastern Bulgaria .
Brokey is the largest island of Breiðafjörður , Iceland .
Sikh Ajaibghar or Sikh Museum is situated at Balongi village , near SAS Nagar ( formerly Mohali ) Punjab , India .
Lake Louise railway station in Lake Louise , Alberta , Canada , is a railway station used by the Royal Canadian Pacific train service .
The Seerenbach Falls ( German : Seerenbachfälle ) are a cascading set of three waterfalls near Betlis of the Amden municipality near the Walensee , Switzerland .
Pukë is a town and municipality in northern Albania .
Palliser Bay is at the southern end of the North Island of New Zealand , to the southeast of Wellington .
Periyar Nagar ( Tamil : பெரியார் நகர் ) , named after the Tamil leader Periyar E. V. Ramasamy is a developed residential area in North Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India .
Qaen ( Persian : قائن‎ , also Romanized as Ghayen , Qayen or Ghaen ) is a city in and the capital of Qaen County , in South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Upernavik ( Kalaallisut : `` Springtime Place '' ) is a small town in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland , located on a small island of the same name .
County Offaly ( Irish : Contae Uíbh Fhailí ) is a county in Ireland .
Cadalso is a small village in the west of Spain , near Portugal .
Harindanga ( Bengali : হরিণডাঙা ) is a village under Falta Block , South 24 Parganas district , in West Bengal , India .
Kunka ( Aymara and Quechua for throat , gullet , neck , voice , hispanicized spelling Cunca ) is a mountain in the La Raya mountain range in the Andes of Peru .
Tsaghkahovit ( Armenian : Ծաղկահովիտ ) , known as Haji Khalil until 1946 , is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Bourg - Bruche ( German : Breuscheburg or Burg - Breusch ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Attock - Khurd railway station ( Urdu : اٹک-خرد ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
Muthuvara Mahadeva Temple ( Malayalam : മുതുവറ മഹാദേവക്ഷേത്രം ) is a Shiv temple located in Muthuvara , Thrissur city of India .
The Lake Sylvester System comprises a system of ephemeral lakes on the Barkly Tableland of the Northern Territory of Australia about 180 km north - east of Tennant Creek .
Keshel Varzal ( Persian : كشل ورزل‎ ; also known as Keshel ) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District , Sangar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Port of Constanța is located in Constanța , Romania , on the western coast of the Black Sea , 179 nautical miles ( 332 km ) from the Bosphorus Strait and 85 nmi ( 157 km ) from the Sulina Branch , through which the Danube river flows into the sea .
Alhama de Almería is a municipality of Almería province , in Spain , in the autonomous community of Andalusia .
Pioneer Secondary School ( abbreviation : PSS ) is a government co - educational secondary school in Jurong West , Singapore .
Monte Arcosu is a mountain in the Sulcis massif , in southern Sardinia , Italy .
Hantumeruitburen ( West Frisian : Hantumerútbuorren ) is a small village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Gambaga Witch camp is a segregated community within Gambaga township in the Northern Region of Ghana established in the 18th century to accommodate alleged witches and wizards who are banished from their communities .
Mailsi ( Punjabi , Urdu : میلسی‎ ) is a city located Punjab , Pakistan .
GlobalFest is an annual cultural celebration in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
The 2007 Canadian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on June 10 , 2007 , at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal , Canada .
The Victorian Architecture Awards are architecture awards that are annually awarded to buildings in the state Victoria , Australia .
Bakkehuset ( lit . `` The Hill House ) is a historic house museum in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Zufrittspitze is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the border between South Tyrol and Trentino , Italy .
The Kiev Academic Youth Theatre ( Ukrainian : Київський академічний Молодий театр ) is a youth theatre in Kiev in Ukraine .
The Gaya Line is a short railway line serving Busan , South Korea .
Senhora das Dores Church ( Portuguese : Igreja de Nossa Senhora das Dores , also referred to as Capela , chapel ) is a Roman Catholic church in Póvoa de Varzim , Portugal .
EDINA is a UK - based data centre ( funded by Jisc ) , which provides data applications delivered over the Internet and aimed primarily at Higher Education staff and students in the United Kingdom .
Harold Cressy High School is a secondary school in District Six of Cape Town in South Africa .
Fish Pool is an international commodity exchange located in Bergen , Norway that trades salmon futures .
Bušinja Vas ( pronounced ( buˈʃiːnja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Bušinja vas , German : Wuschinsdorf ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Wyźrał ( ˈvɨʑrau̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Isla de Janitzio is the main island of Lake Pátzcuaro in the state of Michoacán , Mexico .
Mount Lyndon is a mountain in the Southern Alps of the Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Rahmaniyeh - ye Zabun ( Persian : رحمانيه زبون‎ , also Romanized as Raḥmānīyeh - ye Zabūn ) is a village in Gharb - e Karun Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Grayvoron ( Russian : Гра́йворон ) is a town and the administrative center of Grayvoronsky District in Belgorod Oblast , Russia , located on the shores of the Vorskla ( a tributary of the Dnieper ) and Grayvoronka Rivers .
The Southern Daily Echo , more commonly known as the Daily Echo or simply The Echo , is a regional tabloid newspaper based in Southampton , covering the county of Hampshire in the United Kingdom .
The 2007 Ford World Men 's Curling Championship was held at Rexall Place in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada from March 31 --
Neustria was made up of the regions between Aquitaine and the English Channel , approximately the north of present - day France , with Paris and Soissons as its main cities .
Sa'ar ( Hebrew : סַעַר , lit . Storm ) is a kibbutz in the western Galilee in Israel .
Hombar ( Persian : همبر‎ ; also known as Hombar - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Hombarat Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Colesberg is a town with 17,354 inhabitants in the Northern Cape province of South Africa , located on the main N1 road from Cape Town to Johannesburg .
The Cours Mirabeau is a wide thoroughfare in Aix - en - Provence , France .
Khanshah ( Persian : خانشاه‎ , also Romanized as Khānshāh ; also known as Khūnshā ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Catholic District School Board of Eastern Ontario administers Catholic education for children up to grade 12 , in the easternmost counties of Ontario , Canada ( Lanark , Leeds and Grenville , Prescott and Russell , Stormont , Dundas and Glengarry ) including the cities of Brockville , Clarence - Rockland , Carleton Place and Cornwall .
Ahwiren is a town in the Ashanti Region of Ghana .
The A70 road is a major road in Scotland , United Kingdom .
Pain Khvaf Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پائين خواف‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sangan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Eemmeer ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈeɪ̯.mɪːr ) ) is a lake situated in the middle of the Netherlands between the provinces of Flevoland , Utrecht , and North Holland .
Dana Abad ( Danabad ) is a village in Jaranwala Tehsil , Faisalabad District , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Thames Valley is a major tourist destination in the United Kingdom for domestic and international visitors .
Verden an der Aller , also called Verden ( Aller ) or simply Verden ( German pronunciation : ( ˈfeːɐ̯dən ) ) , is a town in Lower Saxony , Germany , on the river Aller .
Fraser Range Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) east of Norseman in the Goldfields - Esperance region of Western Australia .
Northeast Adventist College is a Seventh - day Adventist institution of higher learning near Jowai , India .
Setidobhan ( Nepali : सेतीदोभान ) is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal .
Gypsou , sometimes also Gypsos ( Greek : Γύψου , Turkish : Akova ) is a village located in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , near the town of Lefkoniko .
The Maraekakaho River is a river of the Hawke 's Bay region , New Zealand .
Yakhfervazan ( Persian : يخفروزان‎ , also Romanized as Yakhfervazān , Yakhfarvazān , and Yakh Forūzān ) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Church of São Miguel do Castelo ( Portuguese : Igreja de São Miguel do Castelo ) is a medieval church in the civil parish of Oliveira do Castelo , municipality of Guimarães , in the northern district of Braga of Portugal .
The United Kingdom 's first speeding fine was handed out by Tonbridge Petty Sessions court in 1896 .
North Eastern Asmara Administration is an administration of Asmara , Eritrea .
Şirvanmeşə is a village in the municipality of Topçu in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nehalim ( Hebrew : נְחָלִים , lit . Streams ) is a religious moshav in central Israel .
Sanremo or San Remo ( san ˈremo ) ( Ligurian : Sanrœmu ) is a city on the Mediterranean coast of western Liguria in north - western Italy .
Jednorożec ( jɛdnɔˈrɔʐɛt͡s ) is a large village ( small town by European standards ) in central Poland , in Przasnysz County .
Amestejan ( Persian : امستجان‎ , also Romanized as Amestejān , Amastjan , and Amestajān ; also known as Anestavān and Anistavan ) is a village in Chehregan Rural District , Tasuj District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Onnyos ( Russian : Оннёс ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Amgino - Nakharinsky Rural Okrug of Amginsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 81 kilometers ( 50 mi ) from Amga , the administrative center of the district .
Parthenay ( pronounced : ( paʁ.tɛn.ɛ ) ) is an ancient fortified town and commune in the Deux - Sèvres department of the Poitou - Charentes region in western France .
The Stachelberg fortress ( also known as Ježová hora ) is one of the largest fortresses in the Czech Republic .
Klara Sjö ( Swedish for `` Lake Klara '' ) is a canal in central Stockholm , Sweden .
The Verron Range is a mountain range in the southern part of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea , composed of limestone and volcanic rock .
San Paolo all'Orto is a Romanesque - style , former Roman Catholic church in Pisa , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Ujjain Engineering College is an engineerng college in Ujjain in the state of Madhya Pradesh , India .
Michael Park School is a Waldorf school located in Auckland , New Zealand The school takes students from age 4 ( Kindergarten ) to school - leaving age ( Form 7/Year 13 ) .
Ljubotići ( Serbian : Љуботићи ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Ngwenya Mine is located on Bomvu Ridge , northwest of Mbabane and near the north - western border of Swaziland .
The Castle of Peracense is a castle in Peracense , Aragon , northern Spain .
Shivnarayanpur is a village in the Pirpainti block of Bhagalpur district of Bihar , India .
Mlinše ( pronounced ( ˈmliːnʃɛ ) ; in older sources also Mlinšče , German : Mlinsche ) is a village in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Aziziye is a municipality and governed district in Greater Erzurum , Turkey .
Cabana de Bergantiños or Cabana is a municipality in the Province of A Coruña , in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain .
Johansfors is a locality situated in Emmaboda Municipality , Kalmar County , Sweden with 409 inhabitants in 2010 .
German submarine U-977 was a World War II Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine which escaped to Argentina after Germany 's surrender .
Warrenben Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Yorke Peninsula of South Australia about 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) north - east of Marion Bay .
Patk - Milot ( also : Patkë - Milot ) is a locality situated in the central plains of Albania 's Western Lowlands region .
Lapinje ( pronounced ( ˈlaːpinjɛ ) ; German : Neugereuth or Laubbüchel ) is a former village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Erlangen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɛrlaŋən ) ; East Franconian : Erlang ) is a Middle Franconian city in Bavaria , Germany .
Chah - e Mobarak District ( Persian : بخش چاه مبارک‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Asaluyeh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Hoima Regional Referral Hospital , commonly known as Hoima Hospital is a hospital in the town of Hoima , in Hoima District , Western Uganda .
Magnuszewice ( maɡnuʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ruvubu National Park is the largest national park in Burundi covering 508 square kilometres ( 196 sq mi ) .
The Caroni Swamp is the second largest mangrove wetland in Trinidad and Tobago .
Kühlungsborn ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkyːlʊŋsbɔʁn ) ) is a Seebad ( seaside resort ) town in the Rostock district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Divnogorsk ( Russian : Дивногорск ; IPA : ( dʲɪvnɐˈɡorsk ) ) is a town in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia , located on the Yenisei River , 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) southeast of Krasnoyarsk , the administrative center of the krai .
Bévenais is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France .
The Basilica of Saint - Martin d'Ainay ( French : Basilique Saint - Martin d'Ainay ) is a Romanesque church in Ainay in the Presqu'île district in the historic centre of Lyon , France
Monte Pelmo is a significant mountain of the Dolomites , in the province of Belluno , Northeastern Italy .
Ferdinandshof is a municipality in the Vorpommern - Greifswald district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
The Akure Ofosu Forest Reserve is situated in SW Nigeria , and covers 394 km2 ( 152 sq mi ) .
Ijero Ekiti is a town in Ekiti State of Nigeria in West Africa .
The Krabi River ( Thai : แม่น้ำกระบี่ , rtgs : Maenam Krabi , Thai pronunciation : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm krabìː ) ) is a river in Southern Thailand .
Norsewood is a small rural town in the Manawatu - Wanganui Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Jan van Eyckplein , also known as Jan van Eyck Square , is a square located at the intersection of Academiestraat , Spiegelrei and Spanjaardstraat in Bruges , the capital and largest city of the West Flanders province in the Flemish Region of Belgium .
Uniradze ( uniˈrad͡zɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Podlugovi ( Bosnian Cyrillic : Подлугови ) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Struża - Kolonia ( ˈstruʐa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The lake Sigöldulón is a reservoir in Iceland , also known as Krókslón .
Gyumri Railway Station ( Armenian : Գյումրու Երկաթուղղային Կայարան ) , is the oldest railway station in Armenia and the main station of the city of Gyumri .
Xaçmaç ( Armenian : Խաչմաչ - Khachmach ) ) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Neustadt ( Dosse ) is a town in the district of Ostprignitz - Ruppin , Brandenburg , Germany with a population of 3,575 ( as of 2010 ) .
Garryspillane ( Irish : Garraí Uí Spealáin ) , sometimes spelled `` Garryspellane '' , is a village in South County Limerick , Ireland , located near Knocklong on the R513 road .
Shahrinaw District or Nohiyai Shahrinaw ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Шаҳринав/Persian : ناحیهٔ شهرنو‎ ; Russian spelling ; Shakhrinav ) is a district belonging to the Districts of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan , lying between Tajikistan 's capital Dushanbe and Uzbekistan .
DR-4 is the fourth numbered highway of the Dominican Republic .
Tolombeh - ye Mehdi Sefidkar ( Persian : تلمبه مهدي سفيدکار‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Mehdī Sefīdkār ; also known as Tolombeh - ye Sefīdkār ) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District , Mahan District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Loita Forest , also known as the Loita Naimina Enkiyio Forest or the Forest of the Lost Child , is an upland forest directly adjacent to the plains of the Masai Mara and the Great Rift Valley , Kenya .
Govijeh ( Persian : گويجه‎ , also Romanized as Govījeh and Gūyjeh ; also known as Gowjeh and Gujja ) is a village in Agahan Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Mirusha waterfalls ( Albanian : Ujëvarët e Mirushës ; ) are a series of waterfalls found in the Mirusha Park , in central Kosovo .
Benny Farm is a residential development in the Notre - Dame - de - Grâce district of Montreal , originally developed in the late 1940s by the Government of Canada for returning veterans of the Second World War and their families .
Tamana Girls High School ( 玉名女子高校学校 Tamana joshi kōkōgakkō ) is a girls high school in Tamana , Kumamoto , Japan .
Vezmana ( Persian : وزمنا‎ , also Romanized as Vezmanā and Vazmenā ; also known as Zārmeh Khūnī ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Stadthalle Graz is the biggest arrangement hall in Graz , Austria .
Garmkhan ( Persian : گرمخان‎ , also Romanized as Garmkhān , Garm Khān and Garma Khān ) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
CHIJ Saint Theresa 's Convent is an all - girls Catholic secondary school in Singapore .
Carmel Beach Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת חיפה חוף הכרמל‎ , Taḥanat HaRakevet Haifa Ḥof HaCarmel , lit . Carmel Coast railway station ) is an Israel Railways passenger station serving the city of Haifa , Israel .
The Chindeni River or Cindeni River ( Hungarian : Kis - Heveder - patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania , Romania .
Ankamaty ( ankaˈmatɨ ) ( German : Ankemitt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kotowo - Plac ( kɔˈtɔvɔ ˈplat͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Cadet College Jhelum is a military prep school in Jhelum , Pakistan , about 4 km from the city of Dina .
Çamlıhemşin ( Laz : ვიჯა/Vica or ვიჯე/Vice ; Georgian : ვიჯა/Vija ) is a small town and district of Rize Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Cortes de Arenoso is a municipality of Spain in the Valencian Community , in the province of Castellón .
Hrib nad Ribčami ( pronounced ( ˈxɾiːp nat ˈɾiːptʃami ) ) is a settlement above Ribče in central Slovenia .
Mto wa Mbu , is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania .
Al Bada ( Arabic : البدع‎ ) is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Rinnleiret is an area on the border of the municipalities of Levanger and Verdal in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Information Centre about Asylum and Refugees ( ICAR ) is an organisation involved in academic research and information provision on asylum seekers and refugees in the United Kingdom .
Quintrell Downs railway station serves the village of Quintrell Downs in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Venets Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Венец ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Shumen Province , Northeastern Bulgaria , located in the Ludogorie geographical region , part of the Danubian Plain .
Stidia is a small town and commune in Hassi Mamèche District , Mostaganem Province , Algeria .
Noqreh Deh ( Persian : نقره ده‎ ; also known as Nakordedi , Noghreh Deh , Noqar Deh , and Nowkhowrdeh ) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District , Kiashahr District , Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Světlá nad Sázavou ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈsvjɛtlaː ˈnat saːzavou̯ ) ; German : Swietla ob der Sasau ) is a town in the Vysočina Region , Czech Republic .
Tekulapalle , Tekulapalli or Tekulapally ( Telugu : టేకులపల్లి ) is a Mandal in Khammam district of TELANGANA STATE , India .
The Arapaoa River is a northeastern arm of the Kaipara Harbour in Northland , New Zealand .
Mount Brandon or Brandon Mountain ( Irish : Cnoc Bréanainn , meaning `` Brendan 's hill '' ) is a 952 m ( 3123 ft ) mountain on the Dingle Peninsula in County Kerry , Ireland .
The Jade Emperor Pagoda ( Vietnamese : Chùa Ngọc Hoàng ; official name : Ngọc Hoàng Điện 玉皇殿 , `` Jade Emperor Temple '' ) is a Taoist pagoda located at 73 Mai Thi Luu Street , District 1 , Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam .
Hawke 's Bay Airport Terminal is a modern well - equipped building , featuring three check - in counters for Air New Zealand and a check - in counter for Sun Air , together with a cafe , seating area and rental car counters .
Hacilar is an early human settlement in southwestern Turkey , 15 km north of present - day Burdur .
Oberursel ( Taunus ) is a town in Germany and part of the Frankfurt Rhein - Main urban area .
Mount Fumaiolo ( Italian Monte Fumaiolo ) is a mountain of the northern Apennines range of Italy located in the southern - most corner of the Emilia - Romagna region , c. 70 km from the town of Cesena .
The Canton of Saint - Valery - sur - Somme is a former canton situated in the Somme department of northern France .
Ian Thorpe Aquatic and Fitness Centre is a fitness centre in Ultimo , New South Wales , a suburb of Sydney , Australia .
Schoinousa or Schinoussa ( Greek : Σχοινούσα , pronounced ( sçiˈnusa ) ) is an island and a former community in the Cyclades , Greece .
33rd U - boat Flotilla ( `` 33 . Unterseebootsflottille '' ) was a front - line unit of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The flotilla was founded at Flensburg in September 1944 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Georg Schewe , though Korvkpt .
Skrino ( Bulgarian : Скрино ) is a village in the municipality of Boboshevo , Kyustendil Province , western Bulgaria .
In the 18th and 19th centuries when Kolkata was growing and was the capital of the British Empire in India , a large number of Chinese came and settled in the Bowbazar to the Tiretta Bazar area .
Galeria Echo is a shopping centre in Kielce in Southern Poland .
Argaka ( Greek : Αργάκα ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 7 km northeast of Polis Chrysochous .
Großräschen ( Sorbian : Rań ) is a town in Lower Lusatia , in Germany .
Saint - Bertrand - de - Comminges Cathedral ( French : Cathédrale Notre - Dame de Saint - Bertrand - de - Comminges ) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral in Saint - Bertrand - de - Comminges , Haute - Garonne , southwestern France .
Vinice ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːnitsɛ ) ; German : Weinitz ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sodražica in southern Slovenia .
Tovdal ( formerly : Lille Topdal ) is a former municipality in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
Gisund Bridge ( Norwegian : Gisundbrua ) is a cantilever road bridge on Norwegian County Road 86 in Troms county , Norway .
Girdi Kas is a village located in the Bihsud District of Nangarhar Province in Afghanistan , located around 18 km from the provincial capital Jalalabad .
Thumpakhar ( Nepali : थुम्पाखर ) is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Namche Bazaar ( also Nemche Bazaar or Namche Baza ; Nepali : नाम्चे बजार listen ) is a village and Village Development Committee ( Namche ) in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north - eastern Nepal .
Pioneer Energy LP ( formerly Pioneer Petroleums ) , commonly referred to as Pioneer , is Ontario , Canada 's largest independent gas retailer and convenience store operator .
Chavar ( Persian : چوار‎ ; also Romanized as Chavār , Chawār , and Chūār ; also known as Kani Chavar ( Persian : كانی چَوار ) also Romanized as Kānī Chavār and Kānī Chawār ) is a city in and the capital of Chavar District , in Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Marotandrano Reserve is a wildlife reserve in Mandritsara , Mahajanga , Madagascar .
Przetycz - Folwark ( ˈpʂɛtɨt͡ʂ ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Knínice u Boskovic is a small town ( městys ) in Blansko District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Padena - ye Sofla Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پادناسفلي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Padena District , Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
DanceSport Alberta is the governing body for amateur ballroom dance competition in Alberta , Canada .
Richmond Secondary School , ( commonly , Richmond High School and RHS ) is a public , co - educational secondary school located in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada , that educates approximately 1200 students from grades 8 to 12 .
Elduain is a village in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the autonomous community of the Basque Country , northern Spain .
The Damascus International Film Festival ( Arabic : مهرجان دمشق السينمائي الدولي‎ ) is a biannual November film festival hosted by the government of Syria since 1979 .
Nitinat Lake is a large lake and inlet on the southwestern coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Watcha Clan is a band from Marseille France that mixes influences of reggae , dub , electronica and jungle .
Rzeszów County ( Polish : powiat rzeszowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland .
Nordmaling is a locality and the seat of Nordmaling Municipality in Västerbotten County , Sweden with 2,546 inhabitants in 2010 .
Roigheim ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʁɔʏk.haɪm ) ) is a small municipality in Southwest Germany , in Heilbronn County , situated along the Seckach river .
Longtan Lake or Longtan Tourist Pond ( Chinese : 龍潭大池 ; pinyin : Lóngtán Dàchí ) is a lake in Shanglin Village , Longtan District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Gujranwala Cantonment is a cantonment adjacent to Gujranwala in Punjab province , Pakistan .
The Canton of Lanouaille is a former canton of the Dordogne département , in France .
Tamahara Dam ( 玉原ダム ) is a rock - fill embankment dam on a Tone River tributary in Gunma Prefecture of Japan .
The 1977 European Cup Winners ' Cup Final was a football match contested between Hamburg of West Germany and the defending champions , Anderlecht of Belgium .
Almagor ( Hebrew : אַלְמָגוֹר ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Sri Narayani Hospital & Research Centre is a general hospital located near the famous Srilakshmi Golden Temple in the city of Vellore , Tamil Nadu , India .
Radwanowice ( radvanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Tôlanaro Airport ( also known as Marillac Airport ) is an airport in Tôlanaro , Anosy Region , Madagascar ( IATA : FTU , ICAO : FMSD ) .
Voděradské bučiny ( Voděrady Beechwood ) is a National Nature Reserve located near the town of Černé Voděrady in the Prague - East District , Central Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
Ripky ( Ukrainian : Ріпки ) is an urban - type settlement in Chernihiv Oblast ( province ) of northern Ukraine .
Arandon is a commune in the Isère department in the Rhône - Alpes region of southeastern France .
Landing Zone Schueller ( also known as LZ Road or FSB Schueller ) is a former U.S. Army base west of An Khê District in central Vietnam .
The CRA Building ( also known as CRA House , Consolidated Zinc Building and Comalco House ) was the tallest building in Melbourne , Australia .
Buško Blato or Buško Jezero is an accumulation lake located on the south side of Livanjsko Polje and northwest of Duvanjsko Polje in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Joshi 's Museum of Miniature Railway is a miniature railway museum located in the Karve Road locality of Pune , a city in the state of Maharashtra , India .
City Harvest Church ( Chinese : 城市丰收教会 ) or CHC is a pentecostal megachurch in Singapore .
Burgos BH - Castilla y León ( UCI Team Code : BUR ) is a UCI Continental cycling team based in Spain that participates in UCI Continental Circuits races .
Moschato - Tavros ( Greek : Μοσχάτο-Ταύρος ) is a municipality in the South Athens regional unit , Attica , Greece .
Pchery ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpxɛrɪ ) ) is a village in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Illinizas are a pair of volcanic mountains that are located to the south of Quito , Ecuador .
Pokojnica ( pronounced ( pɔˈkoːjnitsa ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Tsrancha ( Bulgarian : Црънча ) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria .
' City University of Science and Information Technology , Peshawar ( CUSIT ) is a private - sector university based in Peshawar , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Yyteri ( Swedish : Ytterö ) is a district and a beach in the city of Pori , Finland .
Archery at the 2000 Summer Olympics was held at Sydney International Archery Park in Sydney , Australia with ranking rounds on 16 September and regular competition held from 17 to 20 September .
Arabaçı ( also , Arabachy ) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tufashen ( Armenian : Տուֆաշեն , also Romanized as Toufashen ; formerly , Armutlu ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
The Lyttelton road tunnel runs beneath the Port Hills to the south of the New Zealand city of Christchurch and links the city with its seaport , Lyttelton .
Basalorum is a former village in Jörns socken in the north - west part of Skellefteå Municipality , Västerbotten County , Sweden .
The Institute for International Law of Peace and Armed Conflict ( IFHV ) at Ruhr University Bochum ( Germany ) is one of the leading research institutes on humanitarian law and humanitarian studies in Europe .
RAF West Drayton was a non - flying Royal Air Force station in West Drayton , within the London Borough of Hillingdon , which served as the main centre for military air traffic control in the United Kingdom .
The Jerusalem Theatre ( Hebrew : תאטרון ירושלים‎ , aka The Jerusalem Centre for the Performing Arts ) is a centre for the performing arts in Jerusalem , Israel .
Kardash ( also , Kyardash ) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wyłudzin ( vɨˈwud͡ʑin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Terespol ( tɛˈrɛspɔl ) is a town in eastern Poland on the border with Belarus .
Hato Corozal ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈato koɾoˈsal ) ) is a town and municipality in the Department of Casanare , Colombia .
Cotoca is a canton and Municipality of Andrés Ibáñez Province in Santa Cruz Department , Bolivia .
A security source told the independent news agency Voices of Iraq ( VOI ) that the incident took place in Falastin Street , eastern Baghdad .
Preem is the largest supplier of petroleum products in Sweden and its two refieneries , Preemraff Göteborg in Gothenburg and Preemraff Lysekil in Lysekil represent 80 percent of Sweden 's refining capacity .
Eyrewell Forest is a small rural area in the Waimakariri District , New Zealand .
The Bajwat Wildlife Sanctuary in Pakistan includes a complex of natural riverine habitats along the Chenab River and two of its tributaries , extending up to the border with India .
Kusheh - ye Gardak ( Persian : كوشه گرداك‎ , also Romanized as Kūsheh - ye Gardāk ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Canasvieiras is a neighbourhood and beach located in southern Brazil , approximately 27 kilometres ( 17 mi ) north - east of the city of Florianópolis on the northern part of Santa Catarina Island .
Winlaton Youth Training Centre was a Government owned and run female youth correctional facility located on 18 acres ( 73,000 m2 ) at 186 Springvale Road Nunawading , Victoria , Australia .
Seraplana is a hamlet in the east of the Grisons in Switzerland .
Ufa ( Russian : Уфа́ ; IPA : ( ʊˈfa ) ; Bashkir : Өфө , Öfö ; IPA : ( ʏ̞ˈfʏ̞ ) , pronunciation ) is the capital city of the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia , and the industrial , economic , scientific and cultural center of the republic .
Lohjan Pallo ( abbreviated LoPa ) is a football club from Lohja , Finland .
Ẕāheṟ Khūnē is a small town in Afghanistan with a population of around 1,646 .
Radio - Canada , the national publicly funded French - language broadcasting agency , was not involved in The Greatest Canadian project , reducing the input of Canada 's French - Canadian minority over the results .
Dornum is a village and a municipality in the East Frisian district of Aurich , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Zevenbergen has its own train station which , together with nearby Oudenbosch , has one of the oldest station buildings still existing in the Netherlands .
The Hungarian Academy of Sciences ( Hungarian : Magyar Tudományos Akadémia ( MTA ) ) is the most important and prestigious learned society of Hungary .
Chah - e Ghias ( Persian : چاه غياث‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Ghīās̱ ) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Zubova Polyana ( Russian : Зу́бова Поля́на ; Moksha : Зубу ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Zubovo - Polyansky District of the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Gumnišče ( pronounced ( ɡuˈmniːʃtʃɛ ) ) is a small village north of Pijava Gorica in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia .
Chahlak ( Persian : چاهلك‎ , also Romanized as Chāhlaḵ ) is a village in Bondar Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Chah - e Divan ( Persian : چاه دیوان ‎ ) is a village in Hormak Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Cumbre de la Majadita is a mountain peak in the province of San Juan in Argentina near the town of Rodeo .
Barvikha ( Russian : Барви́ха ) is a village in Odintsovsky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Palapye Airport ( IATA : QPH , ICAO : FBPY ) is an airfield serving the town of Palapye , Botswana .
Jujeh Heydar ( Persian : جوجه حيدر‎ , also Romanized as Jūjeh Ḩeydar and Jūjeh Haidar ; also known as Chakwal and Chūval ) is a village in Bardesareh Rural District , Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sacheon Airport is an airport in Sacheon , South Korea ( IATA : HIN , ICAO : RKPS ) .
Rakan Cop ( Malay : Friends of Cops ) is the Malaysian community police corps which was launched by Royal Malaysian Police in Kuala Lumpur on 9 August 2005 to help combat crime in the city and any situations around Malaysia .
Poninka ( Ukrainian : Понінка ) is an urban - type settlement in the Polonne Raion ( district ) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine .
Fürstenberg - Heiligenberg was a County of southern Baden - Württemberg , Germany , located in the historical territory of Heiligenberg .
Zartoshtabad ( Persian : زرتشت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Zartoshtābād ; also known as Āb - e Zarī , Fajrābād , Zardoshtābād , and Zardushabad ) is a village in Khanandabil - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ruhna Vas ( pronounced ( ˈɾuːxna ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Ruhna vas ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia .
Salento ( Salentu in Salentino dialect ) is a geographic region at the southern end of the administrative region of Apulia in Southern Italy .
Port Blair ( pronunciation ) is the capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands , a union territory of India situated in the Bay of Bengal .
The Tramway du Cap - Ferret , also known as the Petit train du Cap - Ferret , is a 600 mm ( 1 ft 11 5⁄8 in ) narrow gauge railway on the Atlantic coast of France in the department of Gironde .
The Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and Yukon is one of four ecclesiastical provinces in the Anglican Church of Canada .
Asker Hundred , or Askers härad , was one of the old subdivisions of Sweden 's provinces , also known as the Hundreds of Sweden .
Irgenhausen is a village ( Aussenwacht ) of the municipality of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland .
Rollingergrund ( Luxembourgish : Rollengergronn ) is an area of north - western Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Gamètì / Rae Lakes Airport ( IATA : YRA , ICAO : CYRA ) is located at Gamèti , Northwest Territories , Canada where Barren - ground Caribou may be found on the runway .
The Lezíria Bridge ( Portuguese : Ponte da Lezíria ) is a box girder bridge flanked by viaducts and rangeviews that spans the Tagus River and the Sorraia River between Carregado and Benavente , northeast of Lisbon , capital of Portugal .
The Military Counterintelligence Service ( MCS ) ( Polish : Służba Kontrwywiadu Wojskowego ) is one of the principal intelligence agencies of Poland .
South Caicos Airport ( IATA : XSC , ICAO : MBSC ) is an airport serving South Caicos , the seventh largest of the Turks and Caicos Islands .
Porshinev ( Tajik : Поршинев ) , also called Porshinef , is a village and jamoat in eastern Tajikistan It is located in Shughnon District in Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province .
Seymour College is an independent , Uniting Church , day and boarding school for girls , located at Glen Osmond , a suburb 5 km from the Central Business District of Adelaide , South Australia .
Radoviš ( Macedonian : Радовиш ( ˈradɔviʃ ) ) is a city in the southeastern part of the Republic of Macedonia .
The Palazzo Ravaschieri di Satriano is a monumental palace on the Riviera di Chiaia number 287 , in Naples , Italy .
The Château de Tours is a castle located in Tours , Indre - et - Loire , France .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammad Mazidi ( Persian : مزرعه محمدمزيدي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammad Mazīdī ) is a village in Fasarud Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 55 , in 12 families .
Halle Münsterland is a 7,000-capacity convention center located in Münster , Germany .
The Daugavpils hydroelectric power station was a proposed hydro power project in Daugavpils , Latvia .
HM Prison Tarrengower is a women 's prison located in Maldon , Victoria , Australia .
According to the 2001 India census , Tagawali had a population of 2094 with 297 households .
Bazaruto Island Airport ( IATA : BZB ) is an airport serving Bazaruto Island , Bazaruto Archipelago , Mozambique , and the Bazaruto National Park .
The General Treasury Building ( also known as the Treasury or the Treasury Building ) is the building that houses the Treasury of Sri Lanka and the Ministry of Finance & Planning along with several of its departments .
Tell Abyad ( Arabic : تل أبيض‎ , Kurdish : Girê Spî‎ ) is a town and nahiya in Syria .
Chah - e Cheshmeh ( Persian : چاه چشمه‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Cheshmeh , Chāh Cheshmeh , and Chāh Chashmeh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ferdows County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Zdrody Stare ( ˈzdrɔdɨ ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Miszory ( miˈʂɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Montegordo is a mountain forming part of the eastern end of the Iberian System , Valencian Community , Spain .
Tisselskog Church ( Swedish : Tisselskogs kyrka ) belongs to the Steneby - Tisselskogs parish in the Diocese of Karlstad , Sweden .
Clare Island ( Oileán Chliara in Irish ) is a mountainous island guarding the entrance to Clew Bay in County Mayo , Ireland .
Horní Řasnice ( German : Bärnsdorf an der Tafelfichte ) is a village in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
Şirinbulaq ( also , Alikhanly - Shirin - Bulag ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Protea Glen is a suburb of Johannesburg , Gauteng Province , South Africa , located north of Lenasia and west of Soweto .
Rychnów - Kolonia ( ˈrɨxnuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mainpat ( मैनपाट ) is a small village in the Surguja district in the northern part of the state of Chhattisgarh , India .
The Damascus Opera House ( officially Dar al - Assad for Culture and Arts ) ( Arabic : دار الأسد للفنون والثقافة‎ ) is the national opera house of Syria .
Toplik ( Serbian : Топлик ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Indiranagar is a medium - sized neighbourhood in east Bangalore , Karnataka , India .
Island Park Recreation Reserve is a coastal reserve in Waldronville , just to the southwest of Dunedin , New Zealand .
Ladozhskaya ( Russian : Ладожская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Ust - Labinsky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Kuban River .
The Tianshengqiao - I Dam ( locally abbreviated as TSQ - I ) is a concrete face rock - fill embankment dam and hydroelectric power station on the Nanpan River straddling the border between Guizhou and Guangxi , People 's Republic of China , located in the counties of Anlong and Longlin .
Sidi Taifour ( Arabic : سيدي طيفور , is a municipality in El Bayadh Province , Algeria .
The Upper Harz Mining Museum ( German : Oberharzer Bergwerksmuseum ) is a museum of technological and cultural history in Clausthal - Zellerfeld in the Harz mountains of central Germany .
The Gulf of Kutch is an inlet of the Arabian Sea along the west coast of India , in the state of Gujarat , and renowned for extreme daily tides .
Tchimbélé is a waterfall in the Woleu - Ntem area of northwestern Gabon .
Njegoševo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Његошево ) is a village in Serbia .
Ženje ( pronounced ( ˈʒeːnjɛ ) or ( ˈʒɛːnjɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Vasco da Gama Tower ( Portuguese : Torre Vasco da Gama , pronounced : ( ˈtoʁ(ɨ ) ˈvaʃku dɐ ˈɡɐmɐ ) ) is a 145 m lattice tower with skyscraper in Lisbon , Portugal , built over the Tagus river .
Saint - Martin - de - Pallières , formerly Saint - Martin , is a commune in the Var department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Bursut ( also , Bırsud and Bursyut ) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Dollard - des - Ormeaux ( often referred to as D.D.O. or simply Dollard ) is a predominantly English - speaking on - island suburb of Montreal in southwestern Quebec , Canada .
Beni Sidel is a town in the Rif mountain range in northern Morocco .
Vilda Musen , `` The Wild Mouse '' , is a roller coaster at Gröna Lund in Stockholm , Sweden .
Dezbon ( Persian : دزبن‎ ; also known as Dīzbon and Dīzīn ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
São Miguel das Missões is a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul state , southern Brazil .
Kaspichan ( Bulgarian : Каспичан ) is a town in central northeastern Bulgaria , part of Shumen Province .
Sokehs is a village and municipality on the main island in the state of Pohnpei , Federated States of Micronesia .
Established in 1998 , The Steve Biko Foundation ( SBF ) is a community development organisation in South Africa .
Ozolnieki is a village in Latvia and the administrative centre of Ozolnieki municipality .
Oraiokastro ( Greek : Ωραιόκαστρο ) is a municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit , Greece and a suburb of Thessaloniki .
The 2008 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré ( 60th Edition ) cycling road race took place from June 8 to June 15 , 2008 in France .
The Shire of Tungamah was a local government area in the Goulburn Valley region about 240 kilometres ( 149 mi ) northeast of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Debro ( pronounced ( ˈdɛːbɾɔ ) ) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Savinja River River in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Luzhniki Metro Bridge ( Russian : Лужнецкий метромост ) , also known as Metromost ( Метромост ) , is a concrete double - decked ( two - level ) arch bridge carrying a road and a Moscow Metro line across the Moskva River in Moscow , Russia .
Izhemsky District ( Russian : Иже́мский райо́н ; Komi : Изьва район ) is an administrative district ( raion ) , one of the twelve in the Komi Republic , Russia .
Agence Premier Rôle is a talent agency located in Montreal , Canada , created by agent Hélène Mailloux .
Kachalun ( Persian : كچلون‎ , also Romanized as Kachalūn ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Yusefi Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
OTE Tower is a 76-metre - tall tower located in the Thessaloniki International Exhibition Center in central Thessaloniki , Greece .
The Quebrada de los Cuervos ( Spanish for Crows Ravine ) is an important landform in Treinta y Tres Department , Uruguay .
St. Teresa 's School Kowloon ( STS , Chinese : 九龍聖德肋撒英文學校 ) was a Roman Catholic co - educational day school , with primary and kindergarten sections , on Prince Edward Road in Kowloon , Hong Kong .
The 1976 British Grand Prix ( formally the XXIX John Player British Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race held on 18 July 1976 at the Brands Hatch circuit in Kent , England , United Kingdom .
The Nawabs of Bhopal were the Muslim rulers of the princely state of Bhopal , now part of the modern state of Madhya Pradesh , in India .
Ruby Hall Clinic is a prominent hospital in Pune , India .
The Mape River is a river located in the Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea .
Chwalimierz ( xfaˈlimjɛʂ ) ( German : Frankenthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kani Tayer ( Persian : كاني طاير‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Ţāyer ; also known as Kānī Tāber ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Włodary ( vwɔˈdarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Limbach Municipal Church is a church in Limbach - Oberfrohna in Saxony ( Germany ) , which was built in the 16th century .
Šance Dam also known as devils thumb , ( Czech : Vodní nádrž Šance ) is a water reservoir and dam in the Moravian - Silesian Beskids mountain range , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic .
Troubridge Hill Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Troubridge Hill on the south coast of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia about 13.5 kilometres ( 8.4 mi ) south west of Edithburgh and about 3.7 kilometres ( 2.3 mi ) west of Troubridge Point .
Metro Centro Médico ( Spanish : Estación Centro Médico ) is an underground metro station on the Mexico City Metro .
Nikolskoye Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Никольское ) ( ICAO : UHPX ) is an airport on Bering Island , Russia located four kilometers southeast of Nikolskoye , Kamchatka Krai .
The New Jerusalem Monastery or Novoiyerusalimsky Monastery ( Russian : Новоиерусалимский монастырь ) , also known as the Voskresensky ( Resurrection ) Monastery , is a male monastery , located in the town of Istra in Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Kushgag ( alternative names , Kušgag or Kusgag ) is a village in Badakhshan Province in north - eastern Afghanistan .
Mazraeh - ye Tall Roshtan ( Persian : مزرعه تل رشتان‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Tall Roshtān ) is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 34 , in 6 families .
Radyczyny ( radɨˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Brestanica ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːstanitsa ) ) is an urban settlement in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Qalvaz ( Persian : قلوز‎ ; also known as Qalvaz - e Soflá ) is a village in Razavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ignatów - Kolonia ( iɡˈnatuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Nowe Miasteczko ( ˈnɔvɛ mʲasˈtɛt͡ʂkɔ ) ( German : Neustädtel ) is a town in Lubusz Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,823 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Veisjärv is a lake of Estonia located on the borders of Karksi Parish and Tarvastu Parish in Viljandi County next to the village of Veisjärve .
Sa Đéc Province ( tỉnh Sa Đéc ) is a former province of South Vietnam .
Agboville is the town in south - eastern Ivory Coast .
Vaalimaa is a border crossing point between Finland and Russia .
Gare de Ranguin is a station in a suburb of Cannes , southern France .
Kroměříž ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkromɲɛr̝iːʃ ) ; German : Kremsier , Polish : Kromieryż ) is a Moravian town in the Zlin Region of the Czech Republic .
Fuorigrotta ( Italian : `` Outside the grotto '' ) is a western suburb of Naples , southern Italy .
Nishkarak ( Persian : نيشكرك‎ , also Romanized as Nīshḵaraḵ ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Medical Center Leeuwarden or MCL ( Dutch : Medisch Centrum Leeuwarden ) is the hospital of the city of Leeuwarden , and the largest non - university hospital in The Netherlands .
The Landesliga ( English : Football State League ) is a tier of football in some of the states of Germany .
Swalmen ( pronunciation , Limburgish and town dialect : Zjwame ) is a town in the south - eastern Netherlands .
Korogwe is a town in Tanzania , with a population of 44,000 in 2002 .
Sampietrini ( also Sanpietrini ) is the typical kind of pavement found in the centre of Rome , Italy .
Zarghun Ghar ( Pashto : زرغون غر‎ ) , or Zarghoon Mountains , is a mountain range located in the east of Quetta District , in Balochistan Province , western Pakistan .
Mermaid Records is a Copenhagen , Denmark based record label , and a sublabel of Sony Music Entertainment Denmark .
The Nogoa Division was a local government area located in the Capricornia region of Central Queensland , Australia .
The forerunner of the Port of Tokyo , the Edo Port ( Edo Minato ) played a very important role in the history of marine transport of Japan and as a distribution point for supplying goods for the people of Edo .
The Amata Spring Country Club is a private golf and country club near to Bangkok , the capital of Thailand .
Carrizo de la Ribera ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaˈriθo ðe la riˈβeɾa ) ) is a town and municipality in the Province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Panajachel ( Spanish pronunciation : ( panaxaˈtʃel ) , Pana ) is a town in the southwestern Guatemalan Highlands , less than 90 miles from Guatemala City , in the department of Sololá .
Gyan Ganga Institute of Technology and Sciences ( GGITS ) is a technical institute located in Jabalpur , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Voždovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вождовац , pronounced ( v̞ɔ̝̌ːʒdɔ̝v̞at͡s ) ) is an urban neighborhood and one of 17 municipalities which constitute the City of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Chucándiro is a town and municipality in the state of Michoacán , Mexico .
Landing Zone Two Bits ( also known as FSB Two Bits ) was a U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base located in the Bồng Sơn region northeast of An Khe , Bình Định Province in central Vietnam .
The Water and Power Development Authority ( WAPDA ) ( واٹر اینڈ پاور ڈیولپمنٹ اتھارٹی)is a government - owned public utility maintaining power and water in Pakistan , although it does not manage thermal power .
Bangui M'Poko International Airport ( IATA : BGF , ICAO : FEFF ) is an international airport located 7 km ( 4 miles ) northwest of Bangui , the capital of the Central African Republic .
Drotningsvik is a neighborhood in the city of Bergen , Norway .
The Fort de Pontisse is one of twelve forts built as part of the fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium .
Gide River ( Swedish : Gideälven ) is a river in Sweden .
Nsanje ( formerly Port Herald ) is the main town in Nsanje District within the Southern Region of Malawi .
Baqqal ( also , Bakkal ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Orechová Potôň ( Hungarian : Diósförgepatony , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈdioːʃførɡɛpɒtoɲ ) ) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
Lizaki ( liˈzaki ) ( Kashubian : Lizôczi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lornado is the official residence of the United States Ambassador to Canada , located in the Rockcliffe Park area of Ottawa , Canada .
The Aragvi River ( Georgian : არაგვი ) and its basin are in Georgia on the southern slopes of the Caucasus Mountains .
Murwillumbah SC are an Australian soccer club from Gold Coast , New South Wales , Australia .
Mangetti National Park is a national park located in northern Namibia .
Daharki Taluka ( Sindhi : ڏهرڪي‎ ) is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Ghotki District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Byarozawka ( Belarusian : Бярозаўка , Russian : Берёзовка , Beryozovka ) is a city in Lida district , Grodno Region , Belarus .
Beyt - e Obeyd ( Persian : بيت عبيد‎ , also Romanized as Beyt - e `` Obeyd ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 841 , in 122 families .
Pars El - Gölü Hotel ( Persian : هتل پارس ایل‌گلی‎ ) five star hotel that is 179 rooms located near the El - Gölü in Tabriz , East Azerbaijan , Iran .
After the fall of communism in Poland in 1989 , these manufacturers became separate plants , still sharing the PZL name .
Mariscal Francisco Solano López is a district in the Caaguazú department of Paraguay .
Changhua , officially known as Changhua City ( Chinese : 彰化市 ) , is a county - controlled city and the county seat of Changhua County in Taiwan .
Horse Park Drive is an arterial road in the Gungahlin district of Canberra , Australia .
The Boulevard de la Madeleine is one of the four ' grands boulevards ' of Paris , France , a chain of roads running east - west that includes the boulevard de la Madeleine , the boulevard des Capucines , the boulevard des Italiens and the boulevard Montmartre .
Łosice ( ( wɔˈɕit͡sɛ ) ; Yiddish : לאָשיץ‎ Loshitz ) is a town in eastern Poland .
Rowta is a small town in Assam , India , connected to NH-52.Pin No-784508 .
Yekepa is a town in northern Nimba County in Liberia , lying near the Guinean border .
Nowy Toporzyk ( ˈnɔvɨ tɔˈpɔʐɨk ) ( formerly German Lankow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Communauté de communes Les Gués de l'Yerres is a federation of municipalities ( communauté de communes ) in the Seine - et - Marne département and in the Île - de - France région of France .
Qezel Dagh ( Persian : قزل داغ‎ , also Romanized as Qezel Dāgh ; also known as Qezel Dāghī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Challhöchi Pass ( el . 747 m. ) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains on the border of the cantons of Basel - Country and Solothurn in Switzerland .
General Delgado is a district in Itapúa department of Paraguay .
Ptghnavank ( Armenian : Պտղնավանք ) or Ptghni Church ( Armenian:Պտղնի Եկեղեցի ) is located in the village of Ptghni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Gazeta Telegraf is an Albanian language is a daily newspaper published in Albania .
Couzon - au - Mont - d'Or is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in the Auvergne - Rhône - Alpes region in eastern France .
Bujumbura International Airport ( IATA : BJM , ICAO : HBBA ) is an airport in Bujumbura , the capital of Burundi .
Un Chau Estate ( Chinese : 元州邨 ) , or Un Chau Street Estate ( Chinese : 元州街邨 ) before redevelopment , is a public housing estate on the reclaimed land of Cheung Sha Wan , Kowloon , Hong Kong , located between Un Chau Street and Cheung Sha Wan Road , next to MTR Cheung Sha Wan Station .
The Jardin botanique de Sannois des Plantes Médicinales is a botanical garden of medicinal plants located at 23 , rue Alphonse Duchesne , Sannois , Val - d'Oise , Île - de - France , France .
The Turritellenplatte of Ermingen ( `` Erminger Turritellenplatte '' near Ulm , Germany ) is a type of very rich , fossil - bearing rock which is of particular interest to geologists and paleontologists .
Gwengwerere Growth Point is located 12 km south of Chatsworth , Zimbabwe on the Chatsworth to Masvingo dust road .
Shri Shankarlal Sundarbai Shasun Jain College for Women is an arts and science college located in Chennai , Tamil Nadu in southern India .
Armudaq ( Persian : ارموداق‎ , also Romanized as Ārmūdāq ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پائين خيابان ليتكوه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Perumal Eri is a major fresh water lake in the Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Pinangtinggi is a village in the Jambi Province of Sumatra , Indonesia .
Bánovce nad Bebravou ( German : Banowitz , Hungarian : Bán ) is a town in Slovakia , in the Trenčín Region .
The Mesochora Dam is concrete - face rock - fill dam on the Acheloos River near Mesochora in Trikala , Greece .
Purakin ( Persian : پوركين‎ , also Romanized as Pūrakīn ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Las Parinas is a geological and cultural region in northwestern Argentina , consisting of unique volcanic geomorphology as well as a long human settlement history .
Sar Qanat - e Chitab ( Persian : سرقنات چيتاب‎ , also Romanized as Sar Qanāt - e Chītāb ) is a village in Chenar Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Suruç,(pronounced ( ˈsuɾut͡ʃ ) , Kurdish : Pirsûs‎ ) is a rural district and city of Şanlıurfa Province of Turkey , on a plain near the Syrian border 46 kilometres ( 29 mi ) south - west of the city of Urfa .
South Surrey Park is a park in Melbourne , Australia , located in the suburb of Surrey Hills .
Euabalong is a town in western New South Wales , Australia .
Manyame Air Base is one of the two main air bases for the Air Force of Zimbabwe .
Ullern is district of the city of Oslo , Norway .
Kolonia Giżyce ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɡiˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Sigtuna box is a copper box from Sigtuna , Sweden , which was engraved with a runic inscription in the early 11th century .
Castrillo de la Valduerna ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kasˈtriʎo ðe la βalˈdwerna ) ) , is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Dominion Road is an arterial road in Auckland , New Zealand , running north - south across most of the central isthmus .
Diekirch railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Dikrech , French : Gare de Diekirch , German : Bahnhof Diekirch ) is a railway station serving Diekirch , in north - eastern Luxembourg .
Shahriar County ( Persian : شهرستان شهریار‎ ) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
Chybice ( xɨˈbit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów , within Starachowice County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Palazzo Cavalli - Franchetti is a palace in Venice , Italy , not far from the Ponte dell'Accademia and next to the Palazzo Barbaro on the Grand Canal of Venice .
Bazaar of Kashan ( Persian : بازار کاشان‎‎ Bāzār - e Kāshān ) is an old bazaar in the center of the city of Kashan , Iran .
Rías Altas ( also called `` Upper Rias '' ) is the northernmost of three sections of A Costa do Marisco ( the Seafood Coast ) in Galicia , Spain .
Polayathode ( Malayalam : പോളയത്തോട് ) Polayathodu is one of the fastest growing neighbourhoods of the city of Kollam , in the state of Kerala , India .
The Castlecliff Branch is a branch line railway 5.88 km long in the Manawatu - Wanganui region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Eggebek ( Danish : Eggebæk ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Elandskraal is a town in Sekhukhune District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
The Game and Feral Animal Control Act 2002 is an act to manage and regulate the hunting of game in New South Wales in Australia .
Sedraž ( pronounced ( ˈseːdɾaʃ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Strømsgodset is a former municipality in Vestfold county ( from 1964 Buskerud county ) , Norway , today a part of the city of Drammen .
The Dutch Bellamy Party ( in Dutch : Nederlandse Bellamy - Partij ) was a political party in the Netherlands that upheld the thoughts of the American utopian socialist Edward Bellamy .
Kpeve is a small town located in the Volta Region of Ghana and divided into Kpeve Old Town , which is part of the Afadjato South District and Kpeve New Town which is part of the South Dayi District , the administrative district capital of South Dayi district .
The Palazzo Falconieri is a palace in Rome , Italy formed in the seventeenth century as a result of remodelling by the Baroque architect Francesco Borromini .
Medlow Bath railway station is located on the Main Western line in New South Wales , Australia .
Ali Yar Kandi ( Persian : علي ياركندي‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlī Yār Kandī ; also known as `` Olīār Kandī ) is a village in Baruq Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 338 , in 74 families .
Palmar Sur Airport ( IATA : PMZ , ICAO : MRPM ) is an airport that serves Palmar Sur , Costa Rica .
Vihiga County is an administrative region in the former Western Province of Kenya whose headquarters is at vihiga , the largest town in the county .
Il Giardino dei Tarocchi or The Garden of Tarot is a sculpture garden based on the esoteric tarot created by the French artist Niki de Saint Phalle ( 1930 - -2002 ) in Pescia Fiorentina , località Garavicchio , province of Grosseto , Tuscany , Italy .
The Presbyterian Church of Victoria is one of the constituent churches of the Presbyterian Church of Australia .
Bahramiyeh ( Persian : بهراميه‎ , also Romanized as Bahrāmīyeh ) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District , Atamalek District , Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Canton of Aubagne - Ouest is a canton located within the administrative department of Bouches - du - Rhône in southern France .
Ras Kebdana , Ras El Ma or Cabo de Agua , is a town in Nador Province , Oriental , Morocco .
Puottaure is a small village in the southern part of Jokkmokk Municipality , Norrbotten County , Sweden .
Allmenrod is a small village in north Hesse ( Germany ) with a population of 350 ( 2003 ) .
Canal de Isabel II ( CYII ) is the public company that manages the water supplies for Madrid , Spain .
The Nhật Tân Bridge ( or Vietnam - Japan Friendship Bridge ) is a cable - stayed bridge crossing the Red River ( Asia ) in Hanoi , inaugurated on 4 January 2015 .
Interbrew was a large Belgium - based brewing company which owned many internationally known beers , as well as some smaller local beers .
Aldan Airport ( IATA : ADH , ICAO : UEEA ) is a civilian airport in Russia located 1 kilometre ( 0.62 mi ) east of Aldan , Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic of Russia .
Qalailabiob ( Persian : قلعه لب آب ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Hjorted is a locality situated in Västervik Municipality , Kalmar County , Sweden with 324 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Azpeitia Railway Museum ( Basque Railway Museum ) in Azpeitia , Basque Country , Spain , has a collection of steam locomotives and other rolling stock as well as other items , connected with the Basque narrow gauge railways .
Serradarce is a hamlet ( frazione ) of the comune of Campagna in the Province of Salerno , Campania , Italy .
Kaimana Regency is a regency in the south of West Papua province of Indonesia .
The Towamba River is an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river , located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
The City Loop ( originally called the Melbourne Underground Rail Loop or MURL ) is a mostly - underground , partly surface - level and partly elevated subway and rail system around the central business district of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Hotedršica ( pronounced ( xɔˈteːdəɾʃitsa ) ) is a village west of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Swedish Society for Anthropology and Geography ( SSAG ) ( Swedish : Svenska Sällskapet för Antropologi och Geografi ) is a scientific learned society founded in Sweden in 1877 .
Hanna Valley ( Hanna Urak ) is a valley in Quetta District , Pakistan .
The Yatela Mine is an open - pit gold mine situated near Yatela , 25 km north of Sadiola , in the Kayes Region of Mali .
Kumertau ( Russian : Кумерта́у ; Bashkir : Күмертау , Kümertaw ) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia , located 250 kilometers ( 160 mi ) from Ufa and 102 kilometers ( 63 mi ) from Sterlitamak .
The Christian Social Union in Bavaria ( CSU -- Christlich - Soziale Union in Bayern ) is a Christian democratic and conservative political party in Germany .
The University of Cape Town ( UCT ) is a public research university located in Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
The Landa Residence ( built 1911 - -1913 ) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Riversdale , neighborhood of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Avatele , ( formerly known as Oneonepata , Matavaihala ) , is a village on the southwest coast of Niue with a population of roughly 200 residents as of late 2007 .
Sarik - Gajah are two pyroclastic cones right at the equator line on Sumatra island , Indonesia .
Glenferrie Road is a major north -- south thoroughfare in Melbourne , Australia .
The Tsuur , also known as choor , is an end - blown flute that is found in western Mongolia .
Sierpin ( ˈɕerpin ) ( German : Zerpien ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Agathonos Monastery ( Greek : Μονή Αγάθωνος ) is a Greek Orthodox male monastery in Phthiotis , Central Greece .
Eqbali ( Persian : اقبالي‎ , also Romanized as Eqbālī ; also known as Eqbālīyeh and Eqbalīyeh ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Points North Landing is a permanent camp northwest of Wollaston Lake , on Saskatchewan Highway 905 in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Hāwea is the name of a small settlement at the southern end of Lake Hāwea , in New Zealand 's South Island .
The National Agency for Administrative City Construction ( Hangul : 행정중심복합도시건설청 ; hanja : 行政中心複合都市建設廳 , NAACC ) is an organization in South Korea and is run under the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport .
Efxeinoupoli ( Greek : Ευξεινούπολη ) is a small town in the Municipality of Almyros , Magnesia regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Điện Biên Đông is a commune - level town ( thị trấn ) and capital of Điện Biên Đông District of Điện Biên Province , northwestern Vietnam .
Corner Island is located in Corner Inlet Marine National Park , approximately 2.5 kilometres ( 1.6 mi ) north of Millers Landing on Wilsons Promontory in Victoria , Australia .
Narrogin Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in Narrogin , a regional centre 192 kilometres ( 119 mi ) southeast of Perth , Western Australia .
Priniatikos Pyrgos is an archaeological site near Istron River , in the eastern Cretan regional unit of Lasithi , ( Greece ) .
Heuksando is an island in the Yellow Sea located off 97.2 km from the southwest coast of Mokpo , Jeollanam - do , South Korea .
Delareyville is a maize and peanut farming town situated in North West Province of South Africa .
Fuendetodos is a town in the Campo de Belchite comarca , Aragon , Spain , located about 44 kilometers south - east of Zaragoza .
Salce , also known as Salce de Sayago , is a municipality located in the province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
Perzów ( ˈpɛʐuf ) is a village in Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Xınıslı ( also , Khynysly ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Pointe - Claire is an on - island suburb of Montreal in Quebec , Canada .
Hesperange Castle ( French : Château de Hesperange ) is a ruin located high above the town of Hesperange in southern Luxembourg .
A Walloon church ( French : Église Wallonne ; Dutch : Waalse kerk ) describes any Calvinist church in the Netherlands and its former colonies whose members originally came from the Southern Netherlands and France and whose native language is French .
Kalgah Jalil ( Persian : كلگه جليل‎ , also Romanized as Kalgah Jalīl ) is a village in Kabgian Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Roxas Boulevard is a popular waterfront promenade in Manila in the Philippines .
Strashimirovo ( Bulgarian : Страшимирово ) is a village in north - eastern Bulgaria .
Solapur South is a taluka in Solapur subdivision of Sangli district of Maharashtra in India .
Petrusburg is a small mixed farming town in the Free State province of South Africa .
Voronya River ( Воронья in Russian ) is a river on the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Kloten is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland , and belongs to the Glatt Valley ( German : Glatttal ) .
Dürrhennersdorf ( Lower Sorbian Hendrichecy ) is a municipality in the district Görlitz , in Saxony , Germany .
Jhilay is small village near Jaipur , Rajasthan , India .
Easter term is the summer term at the University of Cambridge , the University of Wales , Lampeter , University of Durham , and formerly University of Newcastle upon Tyne ( before 2004 ) , in the United Kingdom .
Mířkov ( German : Mirschikau ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Domažlice District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Kalambha is a small village of the Nagpur district of Maharashtra , India .
Hohenberg - Krusemark t is about 17 km ( 10 miles ) North East of Stendal and is a municipality in the district of Stendal , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Ypsonas ( also spelt Ipsonas ) is one of the largest villages in the Limassol District of Cyprus and is located about 7 kilometres west of Limassol city .
Litene parish ( Latvian : Litenes pagasts ) is situated in Gulbene Municipality , Latvia .
Frashtan ( Greek : Φράστανη ( or ) Φραστάνη , Frastani ) is a settlement in the former Dropull i Poshtëm municipality , Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
The Metro Ligero de Madrid is a light rail tram system in Madrid , Spain .
Wat Plai Laem is a Buddhist temple on the resort island of Ko Samui , Thailand .
The Vall de Núria Rack Railway ( Catalan : Cremallera de Núria , IPA : ( kɾəməˈʎeɾə ðə ˈnuɾiə ) ) is a mountain railway line in the Pyrenees mountains in the north of the Catalonia region of Spain .
The Mechelen Toy Museum ( Dutch : Speelgoedmuseum Mechelen ) , situated in the Nekkerspoel hamlet in Mechelen , Belgium , is a museum containing a unique collection of past and contemporary toys on a total surface of 7,000 m² .
Biyagama is an electorate in Gampaha District , situated in the Western Province of Sri Lanka .
The Shire of Esk was a local government area in South East Queensland , Australia , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) west - northwest of Brisbane .
Lower Westcliffe Falls is a 7.9 metre high complex classic cascade waterfall found near the Chedoke Civic Golf Course in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Civitella d'Arna is a frazione of the comune ( municipality ) of Perugia in central Italy .
Siedliszcze - Osada ( ɕɛdˈliʂt͡ʂɛ ɔˈsada ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Tus Kola ( Persian : طوس كلا‎ , also Romanized as Ţūs Kolā ; also known as Ţūs Kūlā ) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
In South Africa , District Management Area ( DMA ) was the name given to areas within a district municipality that did not fall within any local municipality , and received municipal services directly from the district .
Pokr Masrik ( Armenian : Փոքր Մասրիկ -- meaning `` little Masrik '' , also Romanized as P’ok’r Masrik and Poqr Masrik ; formerly , Malaya Mazra and Pokr - Mazra ) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Žabokvica ( Serbian : Жабоквица ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vrhovo ( pronounced ( ʋəɾˈxɔːʋɔ ) or ( ʋəɾˈxoːʋɔ ) ; German : Werchou ) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia .
El Andévalo or El Campo de Andévalo is a comarca in Huelva Province , Andalusia , southern Spain .
Ankiliroroka ( also known as Ankiroroky or Ankororoky ) is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in Madagascar .
Balatonakarattya is a village in Veszprém county , Hungary , established from the area of the town of Balatonkenese in 2014 .
Avtury ( Russian : Автуры ; Chechen : Ойтур ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Shalinsky District of the Chechen Republic , Russia , located on the Khulkhulau River , 6 kilometers ( 3.7 mi ) east of Shali .
Mola dels Quatre Termes , also known as Mola d'Estat , is a summit in the Serra del Bosc range , Prades Mountains , Catalonia , Spain .
The 1981 Argentine Grand Prix was the third race of the 1981 Formula One season and was held at the Buenos Aires circuit in Argentina on April 12 , 1981 .
The Byfjord Tunnel ( Norwegian : Byfjordtunnelen ) is a subsea road tunnel in Rogaland county , Norway .
Ankadinondry Sakay , anciently Babetville is a town and commune in Madagascar .
Seljalandsfoss is one of the best known waterfalls in Iceland .
Funen 's Art Museum ( Danish : Fyns Kunstmuseum ) , formerly The Museum of Funen 's Abbey and Museum Civitatis Othiniensis , founded in 1885 , is an art museum in Odense , Denmark .
CJBR - DT ( branded on - air as ICI Est du Québec ) is the Ici Radio - Canada Télé owned - and - operated television station in Rimouski , Quebec , Canada .
Jinyang Lake is a reservoir covering portions of Jinju and Sacheon in Gyeongsangnam - do , South Korea .
Aherahu is about 0.1 ha small islet in the Väinameri Sea in Estonia .
The Dalhousie Gazette ( more commonly referred to as The Gazette ) is the main student publication at Dalhousie University in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Dudley Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia on the Dudley Peninsula on Kangaroo Island .
Røa was a borough of the city of Oslo , Norway up to January 1 , 2004 , when it became part of the Vestre Aker district .
Luzaga is a village and municipality in the province of Guadalajara , Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile - La Mancha .
Talary ( taˈlarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tahmures ( Persian : طهمورث‎ , also Romanized as Ţahmūres̄ and Tehmuras ; also known as Ţahūres̄ ) is a village in Babarashani Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Bundesstraße 92 ( Federal route 92 ) ( abbreviation : B 92 ) is a Bundesstraße through the states of Thuringia and Saxony , Germany .
Makodu is a village in Chikkamagaluru taluk , which is about 18 kilometers from Chikkamagaluru city , Karnataka , India .
Sudhagad ( also called Bhorapgad ) is a hill fort situated in Maharashtra , India .
Downtown Shopping Centre , formerly Westfield Downtown , is a smaller shopping centre with 12,417 m² gross lettable area in the Auckland CBD , Auckland City , New Zealand .
Utøy School ( Norwegian : Utøy skole ) is a primary school serving the Utøy area in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Dargandeh ( Persian : دارگنده‎ , also Romanized as Dārgandeh ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kopys ( Russian : Копысь , Russian pronunciation : ( ˈkopɨsʲ ) ) ( Belarusian : Копысь , Belarusian pronunciation : ( ˈkopɨsʲ ) , Polish : Kopyś , Yiddish : קאָפּוסט‎ ) is an urban - type settlement in the Orsha Raion , Vitebsk Region , Belarus .
The Pic Mobert First Nation is an Ojibway First Nation band government in Northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Lahugala Kitulana National Park is one of the smallest national parks in Sri Lanka .
Amounis was sold again when Mr Wade left Australia .
Codiponte is a village in the municipality of Casola in Lunigiana , Tuscany , Italy .
Darsibeh ( Persian : دارسيبه‎ , also Romanized as Dārsībeh ; also known as Dārsīb ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hornbæk is a seaside resort town on the north coast of the Danish island of Sjælland , facing the Øresund which separates Denmark from Sweden .
Dezhan ( Persian : دژن‎ , also Romanized as Dazhan and Dezhen ; also known as Gīlān ) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Nahr - e Khvaf ( Persian : نهرخواف‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Khvāf ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Prato della Valle ( Prà deła Vałe in Venetian ) is a 90,000 square meter elliptical square in Padova , Italy .
Hlaingbwe Township ( Burmese : လှိုင်းဘွဲ့မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Hpa - an District in the Kayin State of Myanmar .
The Doha Convention Center Tower is a 551 m ( 1,808 ft ) tall skyscraper under construction in Doha , Qatar .
Lake Siriu is an artificial dam lake in Romania , on the Buzău River valley .
Brąchnowo ( brɔ̃xˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Cape Maundy Thursday is an ice - capped headland in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
The Sydney Jewish Museum is a museum in Sydney , Australia , which documents the Holocaust and the history of the Jewish people in Australia .
Mia Milia is under the de facto control of Northern Cyprus and functions as a separate municipality .
Manú Province is one of three provinces in the Madre de Dios Region of Peru .
Al - Ameen College of Law is a professional undergraduate college in Bangalore , Karnataka , India .
Jatynia ( jaˈtɨɲa ) ( German Jatzthum ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Koothanallur was a part of the erstwhile Tanjore district until India 's independence in 1947 and Nagapattinam district until 1991 and subsequently a part of the newly formed Tiruvarur district .
The Western Corridor is a road in Christchurch , New Zealand which connects the suburb of Belfast , New Zealand in the north to Hornby in the south and connects the Canterbury region to Christchurch Airport .
The Zurkaitzegiko erreka is a torrential river of the French Basque Country ( Pyrénées - Atlantiques ) , in the Southwest of France , that flows below the village of Larrau .
The Badin District ( Sindhi : ضلعو بدين‎ , Urdu : ضلع بدین‎ ) is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Jalan Kompleks CIQ Bukit Bunga , Federal Route is an institutional facilities federal roads in Kelantan , Malaysia .
Pacific Point was recommended in 1953 by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place - Names Committee ( UK - APC ) and is named for the American schooner Pacific which , under Captain James Brown , visited Zavodovski Island in 1830 , making a landing there .
Sapibenega is a privately owned island in Panama .
The Kroll Opera House ( German : Krolloper ) was an opera building in Berlin , Germany , located in the central Tiergarten district on the western edge of the Königsplatz square ( today Platz der Republik ) , facing the Reichstag building .
Q'uwa Laki ( Aymara q'uwa a medical plant , laki distribution ; a wise person specialized in healing diseases , hispanicized spelling Coalaque ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
The Serranía de las Quinchas is an 860 km2 area of tropical rainforest and cloud forest in Colombia .
Kashubian Landscape Park ( Kaszubski Park Krajobrazowy , csb . : Kaszëbsczi Park Krajòbrazny ) is a Landscape Park , a Polish protected area classification , in northern Poland .
La Biche River Airport ( TC LID : CFP6 ) is located near La Biche River , Yukon , Canada receives limited maintenance and prior permission is required to land .
Jorf is a city in Errachidia Province , Meknès - Tafilalet , Morocco .
The Port of Málaga is an international seaport located in the city of Málaga in southern Spain , on the Costa del Sol coast of the Mediterranean .
The NZH Public Transport Museum ( Dutch : NZH Vervoer Museum ) is a museum in Haarlem , Netherlands , dedicated to promoting interest and conserving the bus and tram cultural heritage of Kennemerland .
Shenkursk ( Russian : Шенку́рск ) is a town and the administrative center of Shenkursky District in Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Vaga River .
The Misty Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located east of the Bighorn Highway within Kananaskis Country , Canada .
The House - Museum of Lope de Vega ( Spanish : Casa - Museo de Lope de Vega ) is a writer 's house museum in the former home of the `` golden age '' writer Lope de Vega , located in Madrid , Spain .
Grand Hotel Les Trois Rois ( English : Hotel of the Three Kings ) in Basel , until 1986 usually identified by its German - language name , Hotel drei Könige , is sometimes cited as one of Switzerland 's oldest hotels .
Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan 's Mosque ( Swedish : Zaid Ben Sultan Al Nahayans moské , Arabic : جامع زايد بن سلطان آل نهيان‎ ) , commonly known as the Stockholm Mosque ( Stockholms moské ) or the Stockholm Grand Mosque ( Stockholms stora moské ) , is the largest mosque in Stockholm , Sweden .
Snarki ( ˈsnarki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gielniów , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Trombas is a town and municipality in north Goiás state , Brazil .
Villa Sarmiento is a locality in Morón Partido in the province of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The Prachov Rocks ( Czech : Prachovské skály ) are a rock formation in the Czech Republic approximately 5 kilometres west of Jičín , and are a protected natural reserve since 1933 .
Vysoká škola is a term used for institutions of tertiary education in Slovakia and the Czech Republic .
Kuchek Deh ( Persian : كوچكده‎ , also Romanized as Kūchek Deh ) is a village in Layalestan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
San Benedetto in Perillis is a town and comune in the province of L'Aquila , Abruzzo , central Italy .
The Miller Inquiry was a Kenya Judicial Commission appointed to inquire into allegations involving former Attorney General of Kenya Charles Mugane Njonjo .
Fatmayı ( also , Fat’mayy , Fatmai , and Fatmay ) is a village and municipality in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan .
École secondaire catholique Marie - Rivier ( Marie - Rivier Catholic High School ) is a French language high school for grades 7 - 12 located in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
The Kahnawake Mohawk Territory ( pronounced ( ɡahnaˈwaːɡe ) in Mohawk , Kahnawáˀkye in Tuscarora ) is a reserve of the traditionally Iroquoian - speaking Mohawk nation on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River in Quebec , Canada , across from Montreal .
Rudkhaneh - ye Kemal ( Persian : رودخانه كمال‎ , also Romanized as Rūdkhāneh - ye Kemāl ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hagatjennhaugen is a mountain of Akershus , in southeastern Norway .
Møllergata 19 is an address in Oslo , Norway where the city 's main police station and jail was located .
Kačji Potok ( pronounced ( ˈkaːtʃji ˈpɔːtɔk ) ; German : Otterbach ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Nala Ankar Bridge is Pakistan 's second highest bridge ; it is located in Talagang , Punjab , Pakistan , about 7 - -10 kilometres ( 4.3 - -6.2 mi ) apart ( between Saghar and Dhok Phulari ) from Talagang city on the Mianwali Road .
Dasht - e Bil Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دشت بيل‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Alles - sur - Dordogne ( Occitan : Alas ) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Fargovo ( Bulgarian : Фагово ) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria .
FC Kuusankoski is a football club from Kuusankoski , Kouvola in Finland .
Quebec East ( also known as Québec - Est and Québec East ) was a federal electoral district in Quebec , Canada , that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 2004 .
Anyang Station is a ground - level metro station on line 1 of the Seoul Subway in Anyang 1-dong , Manan - gu , Anyang , South Korea .
MATRADE Exhibition and Convention Centre ( MECC ) is a trade centre , exhibition hall , and convention centre in the City of Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Swinger Bay , is a bay on the north west shore of Milne Bay , Papua New Guinea .
Castellar de la Frontera is a town and municipality located in the province of Cádiz , southern Spain .
The Pambar River originates in the Anaimudi Hills in Idukki District of Kerala state in South India .
Melk Abbey ( German : Stift Melk ) is a Benedictine abbey above the town of Melk , Lower Austria , Austria , on a rocky outcrop overlooking the Danube river , adjoining the Wachau valley .
Cerro Benítez ( `` Benítez hill '' ) is a mountain in the Patagonian region of Chile .
Sebezhsky National Park ( Russian : Себежский национальный парк ) is a national park in the northwest of Russia , located in Sebezhsky District of Pskov Oblast .
The Maeotian Swamp ( Ancient Greek : ἡ Μαιῶτις λίμνη , ē Maiōtis límnē ; Latin : Palus Maeotis ) was a name applied in antiquity variously to the swamps at the mouth of the Tanais River in Scythia ( the modern Don in southern Russia ) and to the entire Sea of Azov which it forms there .
Goedertrouw Dam is an earth - fill type dam in South Africa .
Niceto Pérez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( niˈseto ˈpeɾes ) ) is a municipality and town in the Guantánamo Province of Cuba .
Le Québécois Libre ( or QL ) is an online libertarian magazine , or webzine published in Quebec , Canada .
Waterkloof Ridge ( Afrikaans : `` Waterkloofrif '' ) is a suburb of the city of Pretoria , South Africa .
East Dagon Township ( also East Dagon Myothit ; Burmese : ဒဂုံမြို့သစ်အရှေ့ပိုင်း မြို့နယ် ( dəɡòʊɴ mjo̰ðɪʔ ʔəʃḛbáɪɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located in the easternmost part of Yangon , Myanmar .
The Peninsula Paris is a historic luxury hotel , formerly known as the Hotel Majestic , located on Avenue Kléber in the 16th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Gola Górna ( ˈɡɔla ˈɡurna ) ( German : Ober Göhle ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Scouts en Gidsen Vlaanderen ( Scouts and Guides of Flanders ) is a coeducational , Flemish Scout and Guide organisation in Belgium and is a member of the Guidisme et Scoutisme en Belgique / Gidsen- en Scoutsbeweging in België ( GSB , Guides and Scouts Movement of Belgium ) .
Yeshivat Dvar Yerushalayim , also called the Jerusalem Academy of Jewish Studies , is a yeshiva for baalei teshuva currently located in the Har Nof neighborhood of Jerusalem , Israel .
The Landgericht Bremen ( the courthouse of the State of Bremen ) is located on the Domsheide in the old town of Bremen , Germany .
Darban - e Salah ( Persian : دربن صلاح‎ , also Romanized as Darban - e Şalāḩ ; also known as Darband Şalāḩ ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Pasgolam ( Persian : پس گلم‎‎ ) is a village in Jelogir Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pretrež ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːtɾɛʃ ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Ložnica River in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Garbage City ( Arabic : حي الزبالين‎ ) is a quarter at the far southern end of Manshiyat Naser in Cairo , Egypt .
Jastrzębna Pierwsza ( jasˈtʂɛmbna ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Bến Hải River ( Vietnamese : Sông Bến Hải ) is a river in central Vietnam which became an important landmark in the partition of the country into a northern and a southern zone along the 17th parallel by the Geneva Accords of 1954 .
The Tianjin South Railway Station ( Chinese : 天津南站 ) is a high - speed railway station in Xiqing , Tianjin , People 's Republic of China .
Čoka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чока , pronounced ( t͡ʃôka ) ; Hungarian : Csóka , pronounced ( ˈt͡ʃoːkɒ ) ; German : Tschoka ; Slovak : Čoka ) is a town and municipality in the North Banat District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
Zatyle ( zaˈtɨlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
According to ' Imperial Gazetteer of India Vol . XV ' ( 1908 ) by William Wilson Hunter Kasganj came in the hands of James V. Gardner ( who was in the employ of the Marathas and later in the British service ) and later died in here in Chhaoni , Kasganj .
The Tamar gas field is a natural gas field in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Israel .
Dyuny railway station ( Russian : Ста́нция Дю́ны ) is a railway station located near Sestroretsk ( suburb of Saint Petersburg ) , Russia .
The Grand Prix De Ster Sint - Niklaas or GP De Ster Sint - Niklaas is a cyclo - cross race held in Sint - Niklaas , Belgium .
Eshhar ( Hebrew : אֶשְׁחָר ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
Dalyan is a town in Muğla Province located between the well - known districts of Marmaris and Fethiye on the south - west coast of Turkey .
Sugar Mill Ruins are the ruins of a 19th - century sugar mill located in Sittee River Village , Belize , which has been designated a park .
Bhujpur Union ( Bengali : ভূজপূর ) is a union of Fatikchhari Upazila , Chittagong District , Bangladesh .
Borgarfjörður ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈpɔrkar̥ˌfjœrðʏr̥ ) ) is a fjord in the west of Iceland near the town of Borgarnes .
Mangaia ( traditionally known as A'ua'u Enua , which means terraced ) is the most southerly of the Cook Islands and the second largest , after Rarotonga .
Aukra Church ( Norwegian : Aukra kyrkje ) is a parish church in Aukra Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Zürich Hauptbahnhof ( often shortened to Zürich HB ; English : Zürich Main Station or Zürich Central Station ) is the largest railway station in Switzerland .
Strypa River ( ukr . Стрипа ) - the river in Ternopil oblast , Western Ukraine .
The Montagne Glacis Important Bird Area lies on the slopes of the highest mountain on the northern cape of the island of Mahé in the Seychelles archipelago of the western Indian Ocean .
Lavashan ( Persian : لواشان‎ , also Romanized as Lavāshān ) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Newfoundland Symphony Orchestra is a prominent orchestra from the Atlantic province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Gudebsk ( ˈɡudɛpsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Tauranga Harbour is the natural tidal harbour that surrounds Tauranga CBD and the Mount Maunganui area of Tauranga , New Zealand , and which flows into the Pacific Ocean at Mount Maunganui and Bowentown .
Archanes ( Greek : Αρχάνες , Godart & Olivier abbreviation : ARKH ) is a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Sembium ( Tamil : செம்பியம் ) , is a sub - neighbourhood of Perambur and a developed residential area in North Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India .
Apgujeong - dong ( Hangul : 압구정동 ; hanja : 狎鷗亭洞 ) is a ward of Gangnam - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Onstwedde ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ɔnstˈʋɛdə ) ) is a village in the region of Westerwolde and part of Groningen in the Netherlands .
Santa Igia was a city in Sardinia , in what is now Italy , which existed from the 9th century AD to 1258 , when it was destroyed by the Pisane troops .
Paparoa National Park is on the west coast of the South Island of New Zealand .
The Molucca Sea ( Indonesian : Laut Maluku ) is located in the western Pacific Ocean , around the vicinity of Indonesia , specifically bordered by the Indonesian Islands of Celebes to the west , Halmahera to the east , and the Sula islands to the south .
Holstebro is the main town in Holstebro Municipality , Denmark .
The Skaergaard intrusion is a layered igneous intrusion in East Greenland .
Calinipaxa is a city in northern India described in ancient sources , and thought to be the modern Kanouge ( Kannauj ) , on the Ganges .
The Shire of Tamborine was a local government area in South East Queensland , Australia , centred on the village of Tamborine .
Nemčavci ( Hungarian : Lendvanemesd ) is a village north of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Helodranon ' Antongila ( Bay of Antongila ) , more commonly called Antongil Bay in English , is the largest bay in Madagascar .
Onil ( Valencian : ( oˈniɫ ) , Spanish : ( oˈnil ) ) is a town located in the comarca of L'Alcoià , in the province of Alicante , Spain .
Kangerlussuaq Fjord ( old spelling : Kangerdlugssuaq , Danish : Søndre Strømfjord ) is a long fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in central - western Greenland .
Coolawanyah Station Airport ( IATA : COY , ICAO : YCWY ) is an airport located 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) west of Coolawanyah Station , in the Shire of Ashburton , part of the Pilbara region of Western Australia .
Handlana ( Urdu : ہَندلانہ‎ ) is a village of Bhawana Tehsil in Punjab , Pakistan .
Gomilsko ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈmiːlskɔ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Braslovče in northern Slovenia .
Tamdoult ( also Tamedoult , Tamdlt ; Arabic : تامدولت‎ ) was a medieval city located near the Draa river in Morocco south - east of Akka , Morocco .
Central Coast Stadium , previously named Bluetongue Stadium due to sponsorship by Bluetongue Brewery , is a sports venue in Gosford , on the Central Coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Bhisho ( formerly Bisho ) is the capital of the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa .
Abanoskhevi ( Georgian : აბანოსხევი ) is a village in Mtskheta - Mtianeti region , Georgia .
Myeik Township ( Burmese : မြိတ်မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Myeik District in the Taninthayi Division of Myanmar .
Kotalah Kamar ( Persian : كتله كمر‎ , also Romanized as Katalah Kamar ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pangyo Airport ( a.k.a . Ichon Northeast Airport ) is an airport in Pangyo County , Kangwon - do , North Korea .
Mount Dutton Bay Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia on islands located on waters in the sector between the north west to the east of the town of Coffin Bay .
Riyan Airport ( also known as Riyan Mukalla Airport ) is an airport in Al Mukalla , Yemen ( IATA : RIY , ICAO : OYRN ) .
Seliran - e Sofla ( Persian : سليران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Selīrān - e Soflá and Salīrān Soflá ; also known as Salīrān Pā’īn ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Casteau is a village of Belgium in the French - speaking region .
German submarine U-516 was a Type IXC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft ( yard ) in Hamburg as yard number 312 on 12 May 1941 , launched on 16 December 1941 and commissioned on 21 February 1942 with Korvettenkapitän Gerhard Wiebe in command .
Chokurdakh Airport ( sometimes written Chokurdah Airport , Cokurdah Airport ) ( IATA : CKH , ICAO : UESO ) is an airport in Yakutia , Russia located 1 km north of Chokurdakh .
Nakheel Tower ( Arabic : برج نخيل‎ ) was a proposed skyscraper in Dubai , United Arab Emirates by developer Nakheel .
Alhos Vedros is a town and a parish in the municipality of Moita , in Portugal .
Muchur is a small village in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka , India .
Żywocin ( ʐɨˈvɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Cannole is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south - east Italy , in what could be the `` tip '' of the `` heel '' of Italy .
The Sanzu River is popularly believed to be located in Mount Osore , a suitably desolate and remote part of Aomori Prefecture in northern Japan .
Ratnapura ( Sinhalese : රත්නපුර ; Tamil : இரத்தினபுரி ) ( `` City of Gems '' in Sinhala and Tamil ) is a major city in Sri Lanka .
Jamali Kamali Mosque and Tomb , located in the Archaeological Village complex in Mehrauli , Delhi , India , comprise two monuments adjacent to each other ; one is the mosque and the other is the tomb of two persons with the names Jamali and Kamali .
Puliyanam is a place situated near Angamaly , Ernakulam district in the state of Kerala , India .
The Armistice of 22 June 1940 was signed at 18:36 near Compiègne , France , by the top military officials of Nazi Germany and more junior representatives from the French Third Republic .
Wangaratta High School is a secondary education institution in Wangaratta , Victoria , Australia .
Redonda Bay is an uninhabited locality that was the site of a cannery owned by Francis Millerd & Co. , located on the northwest side of West Redonda Island in the Discovery Islands of the South Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Sočica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сочица , Romanian : Sălciţa ) is a village in Serbia .
The Pasur River is a river in southwestern Bangladesh and a distributary of the Ganges .
Zielony Kąt ( ʑeˈlɔnɨ ˈkɔnt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowodwór , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wola Radłowska ( ˈvɔla radˈwɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Aleksin ( Russian : Але́ксин ) is a town and the administrative center of Aleksinsky District in Tula Oblast , Russia , located 71 kilometers ( 44 mi ) northwest of Tula , the administrative center of the oblast .
King Faisal University ( KFU ) ( Arabic : جامعة الملك فيصل‎ Ğāmiʿat al - Malak Fayṣal ) is a public university with the main campus in the city of Hofuf in Al - Hassa , Saudi Arabia founded in 1975 .
Grimari is a city located in the Ouaka prefecture in Central African Republic , approximately 222.7 kilometres ( 138.4 mi ) away from the capital , Bangui .
FK Mladost Carev Dvor ( Macedonian : ФК Младост Царев Двор ) is a football club based in the village of Carev Dvor near Resen , Republic of Macedonia .
Kalk Bay ( Afrikaans : Kalkbaai ) is a fishing village on the coast of False Bay , South Africa and is now a suburb of greater Cape Town .
Berle is a village on the west coast of Norway .
Bukovinian Subcarpathians ( Romanian : Subcarpaţii Bucovinei , Obcinele Bucovinei ) is a geographic area in the NNE of Romania ( Suceava County ) and SWW of Ukraine ( Chernivtsi Oblast ) , situated to the east and north - east of the Eastern Carpathian Mountains .
Unsan County is a kun , or county , in eastern North P'yŏngan province , North Korea .
Reussenstein Castle ( Ruine Reußenstein : the Reussenstein Ruin ) is ruins of a medieval fortress in Germany .
MelalinjipattuThiruvanthipuram ( Tamil : மேல் அழிஞ்சிபட்டு ) is one of the revenue village in Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Tympaki ( Greek : Τυμπάκι ) is a town and a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit , Crete , Greece .
The Tihany Abbey is a Benedictine monastery established at Tihany in the Kingdom of Hungary in 1055 .
Sävstaholm Castle ( Sävstaholms slott ) is a castle in Vingåker Municipality , Södermanland County , Sweden .
Pelutho is a hamlet in the civil parish of Holme St. Cuthbert in Cumbria , United Kingdom .
Eumemmerring College is an Australian former co - educational government school with multiple campuses , and was Victoria 's largest government secondary college , and 3rd largest school in Australia .
International Buddhist College or IBC ( Thai : วิทยาลัยพุทธศาสนานานาชาติ ) is an inter - sectarian Buddhist higher education institute in Sadao District , Songkhla Province , Thailand .
La Malinche National Park is located in the states of Puebla and Tlaxcala in Central Mexico .
Esztergom County ( Latin : comitatus Stringoniensis , Hungarian : Esztergom ( vár)megye , Slovak : Ostrihomský komitát / Ostrihomská stolica / Ostrihomská župa , German : Graner Gespanschaft / Komitat Gran ) was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary in present - day southern Slovakia and northern Hungary on both sides of the Danube river .
Kazanlı is a town in the greater Mersin municipality , Turkey .
Kani Deraz ( Persian : كاني دراز‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Derāz ) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lideta is one of the 10 subcities of Addis Ababa , the capital of Ethiopia .
Elinkine ( also called Elinlin or Elinkinde ) is a town in Casamance , Senegal , located at the mouth of the Casamance River , 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) from Oussouye .
Gau - Odernheim ( until 1896 simply Odernheim ) is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde , a kind of collective municipality -- in the Alzey - Worms district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
San Giovanni di Posada ( Latin : Portus Luguidonis or Portus Liquidonis ) is a frazione and small village in Sardinia , Italy , on the Tyrrhenian coast of the island , in the territory of the comune of Posada .
Poloniny Dark - Sky Park ( Slovak : Park tmavej oblohy Poloniny ) is the first dark sky park in Slovakia .
The Mac - Mac Falls is a waterfall on the Mac - Mac River in Mpumalanga , South Africa
Karapelit ( Bulgarian : Карапелит , Romanian : Stejarul ) is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka , in Dobrich Province , in northeastern Bulgaria .
The Junglinster Longwave Transmitter is a longwave broadcasting facility used by RTL near Junglinster , Luxembourg , which went into service in 1932 .
The Convento de Santa Dorotea is an Augustinian nun 's convent in Burgos , Castile and León , Spain .
Khak Vanaq ( Persian : خاكوانق‎ , also Romanized as Khāk Vānaq and Khākvānaq ; also known as Khāyfānā , Haifona , Hāyfoneh , Ḩeyf Ūnā , and Khayfana ) is a village in Sina Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hajji Seyyed Ali Asghar ( Persian : حاجي سيدعلي اصغر‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Seyyed `` Alī Āşghar ) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Aygut ( Armenian : Այգուտ ; formerly known as Gyolkend in Turkish , named after the seven nearby lakes ) is a village located to the north of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Beitbridge or Mzingwane is a border town in the province of Matabeleland South , Zimbabwe .
Umukabia ( Igbo for Ukabia 's children ) is a village in the Ohuhu community of Umuahia North Local Government Area , Abia State , Nigeria .
Gösselsdorfer See ( Slovene : Goslinsko jezero ) is a lake of Carinthia , Austria .
Mashkel ( Balochi : مشخیل ) is a tehsil of Kharan District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Sokolniki Drzązgowskie ( sɔkɔlˈniki dʐɔ̃zˈɡɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lađanica ( Cyrillic : Лађаница ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Zakspeed ( German pronunciation : ( ˈtsakspiːt ) ) is a motor racing team from Germany , founded in 1968 by Erich Zakowski and now run by his son Peter Zakowski .
Pirenga ( Russian : Пиренга ) is the rural locality ( a Posyolok ) in Polyarnye Zori municipality of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Słowiki Nowe ( swɔˈviki ˈnɔvɛ ) or Nowe Słowiki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Nariva River is one of the larger rivers in Trinidad and Tobago .
The Watchtower of El Vellón ( Spanish : Atalaya de El Vellón ) is a watchtower located in El Vellón , Spain .
Wartaqooqan is an unpopulated locality in the Lower Shabelle region of Somalia .
The Museo de Antropología de Xalapa ( English : Xalapa Museum of Anthropology ) is an anthropological museum in the city of Xalapa , in the state of Veracruz in eastern Mexico .
Wandsworth Common Windmill is a conserved grade II listed smock mill at Wandsworth Common , in the London Borough of Wandsworth in the United Kingdom .
Straszewy ( straˈʂɛvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Świdwin ( ˈɕfidvin ) ( German : Schivelbein ; Kashubian : Skwilbëno ) is a town in West Pomeranian Voivodeship of northwestern Poland .
Astramyevo ( Russian : Астрамьево ) is a village in Zaraysky District , Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Carmit is a new community in the northern Negev of Israel within the jurisdiction of Meitar located near Cramim Forest .
Sesvete ( Croatian pronunciation : ( sêsʋete ) ) is one of the districts of Zagreb , Croatia .
Korphe ( Balti : ཀོརྰེ་ ) is a small subsistence farming village in northeastern Pakistan , situated at the foot of the Karakoram mountain range along the banks of the Braldu River .
The Krugovaya Kinopanorama or Circular Kinopanorama ( Russian : Круговая кинопанорама ) - is a cinema in Moscow of Russia which plays Krugorama , a type of cinema presentation in which film is projected on a circular screen with a horizontal 360 ° view .
Jadamowo ( jadaˈmɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Zuwetina ( Marsa Uasili ; Arabic : الزويتينة‎ ) is a coastal town and oil - exporting port in the Al Wahat District of the Cyrenaica region in north - eastern Libya .
The Diocese of Borgå ( Swedish : Borgå stift , Finnish : Porvoon hiippakunta ) is a Diocese for the Swedish speaking minority of Finland .
Ahmedabad Civil Hospital is the largest hospital in Asia , and is located in Ahmedabad , India , with facilities for specialised diagnostic , therapeutic and rehabilitative patient care .
Concepción del Bermejo is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina .
Melpulam is a small village near Kalavai , in Vellore District of Tamil Nadu , one of the popular southern states of Modern India .
Čačinci is a village in municipality in Croatia in the Virovitica--
Ulstein Church ( Norwegian : Ulstein kyrkje ) is a parish church in Ulstein Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Federal Territory Day or Hari Wilayah Persekutuan , also known simply as Hari Wilayah , is a state holiday for Federal Territory in Malaysia .
Sceale Bay Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) north of the town of Sceale Bay .
Gangadik ( Persian : گنگديك‎ , also Romanized as Gangadīk ; also known as Gan Gadūk ) is a village in Kandovan Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Canton of Nœux - les - Mines is one of the 39 cantons of the Pas - de - Calais department , in northern France .
Setergrotta ( or Setergrotten ) is a karst cave in Røvassdalen in the municipality of Rana in Nordland , Norway .
Bøn Station lies on the Trunk Line in Eidsvoll municipality , Norway , and was opened as a stop in 1858 .
Lutzhorn is a small municipality , part of the district of Pinneberg , in Schleswig - Holstein , northern Germany .
Pielinen is the fourth largest lake of Finland , with a drainage basin area of 12,823 km2 ( 4,951 sq mi ) that is equally distributed between eastern Finland and Russia .
Migolska Gora ( pronounced ( ˈmiːɡɔu̯ska ˈɡɔːra ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia .
Qaleh Juqeh ( Persian : قلعه جوقه‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Jūqeh ; also known as Qal``eh Jūgheh ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 235 , in 33 families .
McAuley Catholic College is a Roman Catholic , co - educational , secondary day school school situated on the Pacific Highway on the outskirts of Grafton in northern New South Wales , Australia .
Koropets ( Ukrainian : Коропець ; Polish : Koropiec ) is an urban - type settlement in the Monastyryska Raion ( district ) of Ternopil Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Begaljica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бегаљица ) is a rural settlement in the Grocka municipality of eastern Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Hosur Aerodrome ( IATA : VO95 ) is a private airfield located at Belagondapalli , 10 Kilometres southwest of Hosur , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kochuveli railway station connects passengers to important cities of India .
Lomabad ( Persian : لماباد‎ , also Romanized as Lomābād ) is a village in Malard Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Oitti railway station ( Finnish : Oitin rautatieasema ) is a railway station in the village of Oitti in the municipality of Hausjärvi , Finland .
The Berliner Philharmonie is a concert hall in Berlin , Germany .
Saskatchewan Highway 641 is a highway in the province of Saskatchewan , Canada , beginning at Highway 39 near Rouleau , and traveling north ending at Highway 15 at Semans .
Považská Bystrica ( pronunciation ; German : Waagbistritz ; Hungarian : Vágbeszterce ) is a town in northwestern Slovakia .
Beklik ( Persian : بكليك‎ , also Romanized as Beklīk ; also known as Beglīg , Beyglīk , and Qareh Chāy ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Malmfälten ( Swedish : the Ore Fields ) is a major mining district in Sweden , centred on the northern towns of Kiruna and Malmberget .
St. John 's School , Marhauli , Varanasi is an English medium , private school located in the city of Varanasi , India .
Hồ Cốc is a small beach community located in Vietnam 's Bà Rịa--
Internati , officially is known as Chkondideli District , is a suburb of Rustavi , south - eastern Georgia , which is situated in the eastern part of the city and is separated from the rest of town by the Tbilisi - Baku railway track .
Shahrak - e Shahid Mohasan Boni Najar ( Persian : شهرك شهيدمحسن بني نجار‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Shahīd Moḥasan Bonī Najār ) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District , in the Central District of Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Oddemarka is a community within Kristiansand , Vest - Agder , Norway .
The Gitschberg is a mountain of the Zillertal Alps in South Tyrol , Italy .
Sentul Raya is a new township located in the proximity of Sentul in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
The German Research Institute for Public Administration ( GRIP , German : Deutsches Forschungsinstitut für öffentliche Verwaltung , FÖV ) is a non - university research institute for public administration located in Speyer , Rhineland Palatinate , Germany .
Das Echo is a monthly German language newspaper based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
According to the United Kingdom Census 2011 , the Handforth Ward has a population of 9,139 people .
Julius Blüthner Pianofortefabrik GmbH , is a piano - manufacturing company in Leipzig Germany .
Abu Halifa District is one of the districts of Al Ahmadi Governorate in Kuwait .
Huaiji County ( simplified Chinese : 怀集县 ; traditional Chinese : 懷集縣 ; pinyin : Huáijí Xiàn ) is a county of western Guangdong province , People 's Republic of China .
Aragatsavan ( Armenian : Արագածավան ) ; formerly known as Alagyoz , is a major village in the western part of the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Khir Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خير‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Runiz District , Estahban County , Fars Province , Iran .
Badafshan - e Pain ( Persian : بادافشان پايين‎ , also Romanized as Bādafshān - e Pā’īn ; also known as Gāshū Pā’īn ) is a village in Rahdar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Dhaid , or Al Dhaid , is the capital of the central district of the Emirate of Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates .
Liopetri ( Greek : Λιοπέτρι ( ʎoˈpetri ) ) is a village in southern Famagusta District , in Cyprus .
Dolna Oryahovitsa ( Bulgarian : Долна Оряховица ) is a town in northern Bulgaria , part of Gorna Oryahovitsa municipality , Veliko Tarnovo Province .
Kari Motor Speedway is a purpose built auto racing circuit or race track , located in Orratukuppai , Chettipalayam , Coimbatore , India .
Tuholj ( Cyrillic : Тухољ ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Madonie ( Italian pronunciation : ( madoˈniːe ) ; Sicilian : Madunìi ) are one of the principal mountain groups in Sicily , southern Italy , part of the Sicilian portion of the Apennines .
Bút Tháp Temple ( Vietnamese : Chùa Bút Tháp , hán tự : 寧福寺 ) is a Buddhist temple located near the dyke of the Đuống River , Thuận Thành District , Bắc Ninh Province , Vietnam .
The Ok Tedi Mine is an open - pit copper and gold mine in Papua New Guinea located near the headwaters of the Ok Tedi River , in the Star Mountains Rural LLG of the North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea .
Stuart Landsborough 's Puzzling World is a tourist attraction near Wanaka , New Zealand .
The Mount Yarrowyck Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located on the Northern Tablelands in the New England region of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Saikhandulaan ( Mongolian : Сайхандулаан , Nice warmth ) is a sum ( district ) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia .
Seaforth House was a mansion in Seaforth , Merseyside England built in 1813 for Sir John Gladstone , father of William Ewart Gladstone who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom four times .
St. Olav 's Abbey , Stavanger ( Olavsklosteret i Stavanger ) was a house of Augustinian Canons in Stavanger , Norway .
The Forsakar Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Naturreservatet Forsakar ) is situated in the north - eastern part of the Skåne province of Sweden , in the Kristianstad municipality near the village of Degeberga .
Thirukkovil or Tirukovil is a town in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka , situated along the eastern coast of the island .
Thabazimbi is an iron mining town in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Sretensk ( Russian : Сретенск ; IPA : ( ˈsrʲetʲɪnsk ) ) is a town and the administrative center of Sretensky District in Zabaykalsky Krai , Russia , located on the right bank of the Shilka River ( Amur basin ) , 385 kilometers ( 239 mi ) east of Chita , the administrative center of the krai .
Otoyol 21 ( English : Motorway 21 ) , abbreviated as , aka Ankara - Tarsus Otoyolu or currently Kemerhisar - Tarsus Otoyolu ( English : Ankara - Tarsus Motorway or Kemerhisar - Tarsus Motorway ) or , is a partly complete toll motorway in the Central Anatolia and Mediterranean regions in Turkey .
The Orto Botanico Locatelli ( 300 m² ) is a small botanical garden located at Via Francesco Baracca 86 , Mestre , Veneto , Italy .
It is located at the eastern end of the Afar Region of Ethiopia , at 11 ° 22′N 41 ° 36′E. Lake Bario lies in the middle of a swamp , through which it receives its inflow from Lake Afambo to the northeast .
Pinar de Campoverde ( Pine Forest in / of the Green Field literally ) is a small village located at the foot of the Sierra de Escalona mountain range , nine kilometres from Pilar de la Horadada borough council , in the province of Alicante , Spain .
The People 's Party of Timor ( Partido do Povo de Timor PPT ) is a conservative political party in East Timor .
Horodyshche ( Ukrainian : Городище ) is a city located in the Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) in central Ukraine .
The 1965 World Judo Championships were the 4th edition of the World Judo Championships , and were held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil from October 14 - -17 , 1965 .
Nemška Gora ( pronounced ( ˈneːmʃka ˈgɔːɾa ) ; German : Deutschberg ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Kamienny Dół ( kaˈmjɛnnɨ ˈduu̯ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Si Nan National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติศรีน่าน ) is a national park in Thailand 's Nan Province .
New Karachi Town ( Sindhi : نئين ڪراچي ٽائون‎ Urdu : نئی کراچی ٹاؤن ‎ na'ī karācī ṭā'un ) is a town in the northern part of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Riverside International Speedway is a 1/3 mile , high banked , asphalt short track located in James River , Nova Scotia , Canada , about ten kilometres southwest of the town of Antigonish .
Sarigyugh ( Armenian : Սարիգյուղ , also Romanized as Sarigyukh and Sarigjugh ; formerly , Srygekh and Srigekh ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Aqa Baba Sank ( Persian : اقاباباسنك‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Bābā Sank ; also known as Āqā Bābā Sang and Āqā Bābāy Sang ) is a village in Ozomdel - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dinarvand - e Olya ( Persian : ديناروندعليا‎ , also Romanized as Dīnārvand - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Koregah - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 940 , in 184 families .
Teggiano ( formerly called Diano ) is a town and comune in Campania , Italy , in the province of Salerno .
Finnish Aviation Academy Ltd ( Finnish : Suomen Ilmailuopisto Oy , FINAA for short ) is an aviation school based in Pori , Finland .
Palangiabad , Nosratabad ( Persian : پلنگی‌آباد ‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bouzeguene ( alternatively Wizgane ) is a Kabyle town in Tizi Ouzou Province , Algeria , approximately 170 km from Algiers .
The Kouchibouguac River is a river in eastern New Brunswick , Canada , which empties into the Northumberland Strait .
Volovets Pass ( Ukrainian : Воловецький перевал,Hungarian : Kisszolyvai - hágó ) is a mountain pass in the north - eastern Carpathian Mountains of Ukraine through the Vodorazdel'nyy backbone .
Trebišov ( Hungarian : Tőketerebes ; German : Trebischau ) is a small industrial town in the easternmost part of Slovakia , with a population of around 23,000 .
Metro San Joaquín ( Spanish : Estación San Joaquín ) is a station along Line 7 of the metro of Mexico City .
Lake Nisramont ( French : lac de Nisramont ) is located in east of Belgium on the river Ourthe in the municipality of La Roche - en - Ardenne .
Aotea Lagoon is an artificial lagoon surrounded by a 7-hectare ( 17-acre ) public park in the Papakowhai suburb of Porirua , North Island , New Zealand .
Ravne pri Zdolah ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːu̯nɛ pɾi ˈzdoːlax ) ) is a settlement in the hills north of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Chandmari ( Assamese : চান্দমাৰী ) is one of the oldest locality of Guwahati , Assam , India .
Kaitoke Regional Park is a Wellington Regional park located in Kaitoke , New Zealand , past Upper Hutt .
Tour Granite is an office skyscraper in La Défense , the high - rise business district situated west of Paris , France .
Killi Sazoo is an ancient village of the Harnai District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Damietta ( Egyptian Arabic : دمياط Dumyāṭ , IPA : ( domˈjɑːtˤ ) ) , also known as Damiata , or Domyat , is a port and the capital of the Damietta Governorate in Egypt , a former bishopric and present multiple Catholic titular see .
Langelinie ( English : Long Line ) is a pier , promenade and park in central Copenhagen , Denmark , and home of the statue of The Little Mermaid .
Dhamtari is a municipal corporation and district in the state of Chhattisgarh , India , which is part of the Mahasamund Lok Sabha constituency formed on 6 July 1998 ..
The Dr. João Havelange Centre of Excellence is a football academy and development suite on the outskirts of Port - of - Spain in Trinidad and Tobago .
Valabetokana ( also Ambatoasana Valabetokana ) is a town and commune in Madagascar .
The Okeluse Forest Reserve is situated in S W Nigeria , and covers 144 km2 .
Besni Fok ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бесни Фок ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
The Canadian Society for History and Philosophy of Mathematics ( CSHPM ) is dedicated to the study of the history and philosophy of mathematics in Canada .
Asbury & West United Church is a United Church of Canada church in the Bathurst and Lawrence area of Toronto , Canada .
Potiskavec ( pronounced ( pɔtiˈskaːʋəts ) ; German : Potiskauz ) is a village in the southern part of the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia .
Erckartswiller ( German : Erkartsweiler ) is a commune , in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Villa Maria College , Christchurch , New Zealand was opened on 18 February 1918 with 14 pupils .
The Toluid Civil War , and the wars that followed it ( such as the Berke -- Hulagu war and the Kaidu -- Kublai war ) , weakened the authority of the Great Khan over the Mongol Empire and split the empire into autonomous khanates .
Naftal ( Arabic : نفطال ) is the principal company selling petroleum - based fuels for domestic consumption in Algeria ; its gas stations are a familiar sight throughout the country .
Lina gård is a former seat farm located at Linasundet in current time Södertälje , Stockholm County , Sweden .
Abertzaleen Batasuna ( AB ; English : Patriot 's Union or Unity ) is a Basque political party in France .
Gylle Church ( Swedish : Gylle kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church on the countryside north - east of Trelleborg , Sweden .
At that time , Novo Hamburgo was part of São Leopoldo , the cradle of German immigration in Brazil .
Masindi Airport ( IATA : KCU , ICAO : HUMI ) is an airport in Uganda .
Starosty ( staˈrɔstɨ ) ( German : Müllersbrück ; until 1938 : Starosten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vest - Agder Museum Kristiansand ( formerly Vest - Agder Fylkesmuseum ) was founded in 1903 and is located in Kristiansand , Norway .
Kalach Khani ( Persian : كلاچخاني‎ , also Romanized as Kalāch Khānī ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hardeland hydroelectric power station is a power plant in Etne in western Norway .
Begunje na Gorenjskem ( pronounced ( ˈbeːɡunjɛ na ɡɔˈɾeːnskɛm ) ; German : Vigaun ) is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Surfers Paradise International Raceway was a motor racing complex at Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Forum Hadriani , in the modern town of Voorburg , was the northern - most Roman city on the European continent and the second oldest city of The Netherlands .
The Cíes Islands are an archipelago off the coast of Pontevedra in Galicia ( Spain ) , in the mouth of the Ría de Vigo .
Homu ( Persian : همو‎ , also Romanized as Homū ) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Długojów ( dwuˈɡɔjuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
As population of 2011 India census , Jintur has population of 44,291 of which 22,616 are males while 21,675 are females .
Üzümçülər is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Uhldingen - Mühlhofen is a town at the northern shore of Lake Constance , Germany between Überlingen and Meersburg .
Zarzar Lake is a lake , located 30 kilometres northwest of Damascus , Syria .
Kanger Ghati National Park ( also called Kanger Valley National Park ) was declared a National Park in 1982 by the Government of India .
Luganville is the second largest city in Vanuatu .
Little Castle ( Slovene : Mali grad ) in Kamnik , Slovenia , once formed part of a castle constructed in the 11th or early 12th century at the strategic site above the narrow passage near an important trail .
The Tashkent State University of Economics ( Uzbek : Toshkent Davlat Iqtisodiyot Universiteti , Тошкент Давлат Иқтисодиёт Университети ) is one of the largest higher education establishments in the sphere of economics in Uzbekistan and in Central Asia .
Sakhir Air Base ( ICAO : OBKH ) is a public use airport located 3 nm south - southwest of Awali , Bahrain .
Keispelt ( Luxembourgish : Keespelt ) is a small town in the commune of Kehlen , in central Luxembourg .
` Iyāl Bakhīt is a town in West Kurdufan Province in central Sudan 60 kilometres west of El Obeid .
Holzbrücke Rapperswil - Hurden is a wooden pedestrian bridge between the city of Rapperswil and the village of Hurden crossing the upper Lake Zürich ( Obersee ) in Switzerland .
Parchestan - e Gurui ( Persian : پرچستان گورويي‎ , also Romanized as Parchestān - e Gūrū’ī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Laguna Torca National Reserve is a national reserve of Chile 's Maule Region .
Nahrain University ( Arabic : جامعة النهرين ) , ( also known as Al - Nahrain University ) formerly Saddam University ) , is a coeducational public university established in 1988 and located in Baghdad , Iraq .
Sankt Petri Passage ( literally St Peter 's Passageway ) is a passageway and surrounding mixed - use complex linking Nørregade with Larslejsstræde in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Bărăganu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( bərəˈɡanu ) ) is a commune in Constanţa County , Romania .
R v Harbottle , is a Canadian criminal law case decided by the Supreme Court of Canada on the standard of causation required in order for an accused to be convicted of first degree murder under section 231(5 ) ( where the murder is subsequent to a predicate offence ) of the Criminal Code .
Manav Sthali School is a Senior secondary public school in New Delhi , India .
Gefen ( Hebrew : גֶּפֶן , lit . Grapevine ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Vogelpark Turnersee ( English : Turnersee bird park ) is a large bird park near Turnersee in Sankt Kanzian am Klopeiner See , Carinthia , Austria .
Yunt Mountains are in western Anatolia , Aegean Region of Turkey .
Retki ( ˈrɛtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Serra de Paüls is a mountain range in the northern side of the Ports de Tortosa - Beseit , Catalonia , Spain .
The Victims Compensation Tribunal of New South Wales is a former tribunal of the Government of New South Wales that was established to determine the amounts that may be awarded to victims of crime for personal injury in New South Wales , a state of Australia .
Bahalin ( Bulgarian : Бахалин ) is a small village in Slivnitsa Municipality , Sofia Province , located in western Bulgaria approximately 15 km west of the town of Slivnitsa .
Marimenuco Airfield ( Spanish : Aeródromo Marimenuco , ICAO : SCNU ) is a public use airport located 9 kilometres ( 6 mi ) west - southwest of Marimenuco , La Araucanía , Chile .
Alto Palancia ( Valencian : Alt Palància ) is a comarca in the province of Castellón , Valencian Community ( Spain ) .
Urmia University ( Persian : دانشگاه ارومیه‎‎ ) ( also known as University of Urmia ) is a public university West Azerbaijan province , Iran .
The Académie de la Grande Chaumière ( academy of the large thatched cottage ) is an art school in the 6th arrondissement of Paris , France .
The Arboretum du Font de l'Orme is an arboretum located near the Gorges du Régalon in Font de l'Orme , Mérindol , Vaucluse , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Bogenhofen Seminary or Seminar Schloss Bogenhofen is a Seventh - day Adventist seminary of theology , Oberstufenrealgymnasium ( high school ) , and language school in the Innviertel region of Upper Austria .
Alluitz ( also Asluze ) is a peak of Biscay , Basque Country ( Spain ) , 1,034.3 metres high .
The Mt Lindsay mine is a large open pit mine located in the northwest of Tasmania , Australia .
Rowshandan ( Persian : روشندان‎ , also Romanized as Rowshandān ) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District , Bahnemir District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Miastkowo ( mjastˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kurki Mokhtar Coffee Cooperative ( Persian : قهوه خانه كوركي مختار‎ -- Qahūh Khāneh - ye Kūrkī Mokhtār ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Garuchan ( Persian : گروچان‎ , also Romanized as Garūchān ) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ottawa Tool Library ( OTL ) is a not for profit tool lending public library system based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Pyrkivä Turku , Finnish Turun Pyrkivä , earlier Maarian Pyrkivä ( pyrkivä meaning `` endeavouring '' ) is a sports club from Turku , Finland , which was founded in 1906 by sportsmen who represented artistic gymnastics .
Ostrowo Szlacheckie Palace - historic palace in Ostrowo Szlacheckie ( Września County , Poland ) .
St John of God Halswell is a service of St John of God Hauora Trust , the New Zealand division of St John of God Health Care , one of the largest providers of healthcare in Australasia .
The Lorne Pierce Medal is awarded every two years by the Royal Society of Canada to recognize achievement of special significance and conspicuous merit in imaginative or critical literature written in either English or French .
The Birdsville Track is a notable outback road in Australia .
Raudonė Castle is a residential castle ( estate , manor ) of the 19th century in Raudonė , Lithuania .
Saranist ( also , Saramist and Tutiya ) is a former town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Dashe District ( Chinese : 大社區 ; pinyin : Dàshè Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Ta4-she4 Ch'ü1 ) is a suburban district in southwest Kaohsiung City , Taiwan .
Digrauta is a village in Uttar Pradesh state of India .
The Maluku Islands or the Moluccas ( /məˈlʌkəz/ ) are an archipelago within Indonesia .
Gabrijele ( pronounced ( ɡabɾiˈjeːlɛ ) ) is a village west of Krmelj in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Başakşehir is one of the 39 second - level districts in Greater Istanbul , Turkey .
Mölndal Municipality ( Mölndals kommun or Mölndals stad ) is a municipality in Västra Götaland in western Sweden , just south of Gothenburg .
Maharamau is a village of Unnao district of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Defence Services Medical Academy ( DSMA ) ( Burmese : တပ်မတော် ဆေး တက္ကသိုလ် , pronounced : ( taʔmədɔ̀ sʰé tɛʔkəθò ) ) , located in Mingaladon , Yangon , is the University of Medicine of the Myanmar Armed Forces .
Banaf ( Persian : بناف‎ , also Romanized as Banāf ; also known as Banāv ) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District , Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dehaqan County ( Persian : شهرستان دهاقان‎ ) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran .
Stålboga Summer Opera ( Swedish : Stålboga sommaropera ) is an annual event staged at the privately owned Stålboga Manor House on a small peninsula in the lake Eklången 35 kilometers from Eskilstuna and 100 kilometers from Stockholm , Sweden .
Węgrzynowice ( vɛŋɡʐɨnɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budziszewice , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Konz ( Latin : Contionacum ) is a city in the Trier - Saarburg district , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Szkuciska ( ʂkuˈt͡ɕiska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sundeved is a peninsula on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark .
Odibo is a village in the north of Namibia close to the Angolan border known for its Anglican mission St Mary .
Xəlsə ( also , Khalsa and Khaysalyar ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
San Carlos de Bariloche , usually known as Bariloche , is a city in the province of Río Negro , Argentina , situated in the foothills of the Andes on the southern shores of Nahuel Huapi Lake .
Grabovë e Sipërme ( also : Grabova ; Aromanian : Greãva ) is a village in Albania inhabited by Aromanians .
Ave Maria Convent Branch School ( AMC Branch ) is a major catholic girls ' school in Negombo , Sri Lanka .
Silay Institute , informally referred to by its acronym SI , is a private , co - educational institution of learning located in Silay City , 14 kilometers north of Bacolod City , the capital of Negros Occidental province in the Philippines .
Tagbilaran City Science High School ( Filipino : Mataas na Paaralang Pang - Agham ng Tagbilaran ) is a special - science secondary school under the Interim City Schools Division of Tagbilaran City in the Philippines .
Château Prieuré - Lichine , previously Château Le Prieuré and Château Prieuré - Cantenac , is a winery in the Margaux appellation of the Bordeaux region of France , in the commune of Cantenac .
The Lettstädter Höhe is a mountain , 966 metres high , in the Central Black Forest in Germany , southwest of Kniebis .
The 2009 Belgian Grand Prix ( formally the LXV ING Belgian Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race , held on August 30 , 2009 at the Circuit de Spa - Francorchamps near the town of Spa , Belgium .
Kam Sorkh ( Persian : كمسرخ‎ ; also known as Kamsurkh ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Goruh Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Monsignor Percy Johnson Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic high school in northern Etobicoke in the city of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Bandar Tasik Selatan station is a Malaysian interchange station located next to and named after Bandar Tasik Selatan , in Kuala Lumpur , the capital city of Malaysia .
The Buntingford Branch Line or The Bunt was a railway in Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom .
Great Bačka Canal ( Serbian : Велики бачки канал/Veliki bački kanal ) is a canal in Serbia which runs from Bezdan ( on the Danube ) to Bečej ( on the Tisa ) .
Bíldudalur Airport ( IATA : BIU , ICAO : BIBD ) is an airport serving Bíldudalur , a village in the Vesturbyggð municipality in the Westfjords of Iceland .
Kuski ( ˈkuski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Barcelona Supercomputing Center ( BSC ) ( Catalan : Centre Nacional de Supercomputació , Spanish : Centro Nacional de Supercomputación ) is a public research center located in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Matauri Bay is a bay in New Zealand , situated 30 km north of Kerikeri , in Whangaroa county , just north of the Bay of Islands .
Izgori ( Serbian Cyrillic : Изгори ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Västerlånggatan ( The Western Long Street ) is a street in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden .
Rymki ( ˈrɨmki ) ( German : Rymken ( 1938 - 45:Riemken ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Château de Larroque - Toirac is a mediaeval castle in the commune of Larroque - Toirac in the Lot département of France .
The Alcazaba of Almería is a fortified complex in Almería , southern Spain .
Uzovnica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Узовница ) is a village in Serbia .
Wangdue Phodrang ( Tibetan : དབང་འདུས་ཕོ་བྲང་ , Dzongkha ' Wangdi Phodr'a ) is a town and capital ( dzongkhag thromde ) of Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan .
The Liceu Escolar de Lleida was a school in Lleida , Catalonia , Spain founded by Frederic Godàs and Victorina Vila Badia in 1906 , who wanted to introduce a modern , progressive pedagogy system , part of the New Catalan School movement , in the country 's outdated and authoritarian school system .
Port Browning , British Columbia , Canada is formed between North and South Pender Islands in the British Columbia Gulf Islands .
Mazraeh - ye Qarah Gol ( Persian : مزرعه قره گل‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Qarah Gol ) is a village in Karimabad Rural District , Sharifabad District , Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The National Christian Life College ( NCLC ) , formerly the Maranatha Christian Academy ( MCA ) , is a private , non - stock , non - sectarian Christian school , with its main campus in Marikina City , Philippines .
Zugló ( German : Lerchenfeld ) is the official name of the 14th district of Budapest ( Hungarian : Budapest XIV . kerülete ) , the capital of Hungary .
The British Columbia Premier Baseball League , commonly referred to as the BCPBL or the PBL , is a competitive youth baseball league consisting of 13 teams located throughout British Columbia , Canada .
Toneheim Folk High School ( Norwegian : Toneheim folkehøgskole ) is a folk high school located in Hamar , Norway , which focuses on music .
Ludmiłówka ( ludmiˈwufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dys ( dɨs ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Talari Gorges or Gorges de Talary are a series of gorges on the Sénégal River in Mali , between the towns of Bafoulabé ( upstream ) and Galougo ( downstream ) in the Kayes Region , at an altitude of about 75 meters or 249 feet above sea level .
The Auckland Town Hall is a historic building on Queen Street in downtown Auckland , New Zealand , known both for its original and ongoing use for administrative functions ( such as Council meetings and hearings ) , as well as for its famed Great Hall and its separate Concert Chamber .
Hoseynabad - e Gusheh ( Persian : حسين ابادگوشه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Gūsheh ) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cosenza ( pronounced ( koˈzɛntsa ) listen ) is a city in the Calabria region of Southern Italy .
Erta Ale Range is the most important axial volcanic chain of the Afar Depression , Afar Region , Ethiopia .
Sahakara Nagar is a residential suburb in Bangalore , India .
Mackay Airport ( IATA : MKY , ICAO : YBMK ) located in Mackay , Queensland , Australia is a major Australian regional airport that services the city of Mackay , with flights to the cities of Brisbane , Sydney , Melbourne , Gladstone , Rockhampton , Townsville and Cairns .
Luhwa is a city in northwest Burundi .
Dombås Heliport , Brunshaugen ( ICAO : ENDB ; Norwegian : Dombås helikopterplass , Brunshaugen ) is a heliport situated in Dombås in Dovre , Norway .
Tignes ( French pronunciation : ​(tiɲ ) ) is a commune in the Tarentaise Valley , Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
The Mandalagan volcano is located at latitude 10.65 ° North ( 10 ° 39'0``N ) , longitude 123.25 ° East ( 123 ° 15'0''E ) , in the province of Negros Occidental , on the north of the island of Negros of the Philippines .
Khosrowabad - e Amjadi ( Persian : خسروابادامجدي‎ , also Romanized as Khosrowābād - e Amjadī ) is a village in Agahan Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bušinec ( pronounced ( buˈʃiːnəts ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia .
Bardeh Naqshineh ( Persian : برده نقشينه‎ , also Romanized as Bardeh Naqshīneh ) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The 13th U - boat Flotilla ( German 13 . Unterseebootsflottille ) was a World War II U - Boat unit of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine stationed in Trondheim , Norway .
The Regional State Archives in Bergen ( Norwegian : Statsarkivet i Bergen ) is a regional state archives situated at Årstad in Bergen , Norway .
Dorogobuzh ( Russian : Дорогобу́ж ; Polish : Dorohobuż ) is a historic town and the administrative center of Dorogobuzhsky District in Smolensk Oblast , Russia , straddling the Dnieper River and located 125 kilometers ( 78 mi ) east of Smolensk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Bagh Deh ( Persian : باغ ده‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Deh ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jagnin ( ˈjaɡnin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Søllerød is a suburban district of Rudersdal Municipality in the northern outskirts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Ban Bang Krathum ( Thai : บ้านบางกระทุ่ม ) is a town in the Bang Krathum Subdistrict of Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Hotel Splendid is the a 5-star hotel in Bečići , Montenegro .
Barmy ( also , Barumy - Perdli , Pardaly , and Varumy ) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ráfales ( Spanish : ( ˈrafales ) ) or Ràfels ( Catalan : ( ˈrafəɫs ) , locally : ( ˈrafeɫs ) ) is a municipality located in the Matarraña / Matarranya comarca , province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
The Damar mine is a large mine in the east of Turkey in Artvin Province , 465 km east of the capital , Ankara .
Amlidhodha is a small village in the samkera post office and Tamnar Nagar Panchayat , Raigarh district in the state of Chhattisgarh , India .
International Film Festival Cinematik ( IFFC ) is an international film festival in Piešťany , Slovakia .
Więcbork ( ˈvjɛnt͡sbɔrk ) ( German : Vandsburg ) is a town in the Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland .
Oueguedo - Yarce is a village in the Tenkodogo Department of Boulgou Province in south - eastern Burkina Faso .
Bad Bergzabern ( listen ) is a municipality in the Südliche Weinstraße district , on the German Wine Route in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Deh Qola ( Persian : ده قلا‎ , also Romanized as Deh Qolā ; also known as Dehqa``leh ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 49 , in 11 families .
The Accona Desert ( Italian : Deserto di Accona ) is a semi - arid area in Tuscany , Italy , in the center of the so - called Crete senesi , in the west and the south of the comune of Asciano .
Birtouta ( Arabic : بئر توتة‎ ) is a town and commune in Algiers Province , Algeria .
Laifeng County ( simplified Chinese : 来凤县 ; traditional Chinese : 來鳳縣 ; pinyin : Láifèng Xiàn ) is a county of southwestern Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Toko School is a full co - educational primary school located in Stratford , New Zealand which was established in 1893 .
Faxe Ladeplads is a coastal town in Denmark with a population of 2,863 ( 1 January 2015 ) , located in Zealand and lying 5 kilometers south - east from Faxe .
Hajji Aziz - e Cheshmeh Sefid ( Persian : حاجي عزيز چشمه سفيد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī ʿAzīz - e Cheshmeh Sefīd ; also known as Ḩājīazīz ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Point Weyland is a headland located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) west south - west of the town of Venus Bay and about 51 kilometres ( 32 mi ) north north - west of the town of Elliston .
Old Castle in Żywiec ( Polish : Stary zamek w Żywcu ) is a castle located in Żywiec , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland .
Tachov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtaxof ) ; German : Tachau ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic .
York Regional Council is the political body for the Regional Municipality of York in Ontario , Canada .
Perry Lakes Stadium was a multi - purpose stadium adjacent to Perry Lakes in Floreat , Western Australia , Australia .
Transpole is the public transport operator for the Lille Métropole , the metropolitan area surrounding the city of Lille in northern France .
Deh Jani ( Persian : ده جاني‎ , also Romanized as Deh Jānī and Dejānī ) is a village in Borborud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The 2012 Veikkausliiga is the eighty - second season of top - tier football in Finland .
Les Charmettes is writer 's house museum in a hamlet near the town of Chambéry in the Savoie region of France .
Köl - Suu ( Kyrgyz : Көлсуу ) is an alpine lake in At - Bashi District of Naryn Province of southeastern Kyrgyzstan .
Mowtowr - e Ali ( Persian : موتورعلي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAlī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Yeonsung University , is a college in Manan - gu , Anyang City , Gyeonggi province , South Korea .
Leksand Party ( Swedish : Leksandpartiet ) a local political party in Leksand , Sweden .
Penedès ( Catalan pronunciation : ( pənəˈðɛs ) ) is a natural and historical region of the autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
The Calgary and Edmonton Railway ( C&E ) was an early pioneer railway in what was then the Northwest Territories , now Alberta , Canada .
Lake Minnewanka ( pronunciation : /ˌmɪnəˈwɑːŋkə/)(``Water of the Spirits '' in Nakoda ) is a glacial lake located in the eastern area of Banff National Park in Canada , about five kilometres ( 3.1 miles ) northeast of the Banff townsite .
The Bell of Chersonesos in Chersonesos Taurica , Crimea , Russia / Ukraine is the symbol of Chersonesos and one of the main sights of Sevastopol .
The Catatumbo River ( Spanish : Río Catatumbo ) is a river rising in northern Colombia , flowing into Lake Maracaibo in Venezuela .
The Oryong mine is one of the largest iron mines in North Korea and in the world .
Jurong Hill ( Chinese : 裕廊山 ) is a scenic hill situated in western Singapore off Jalan Ahmad Ibrahim .
Colonia Morelos is a colonia located just south of the historic center of Mexico City in the Cuauhtémoc borough .
The Hangang Bridge , literally Han River bridge , crosses the Han River in Seoul , South Korea .
The Hook Lighthouse ( Irish : Teach Solais Rinn Duáin ; also known as Hook Head Lighthouse ) is a building situated at the tip of the Hook Peninsula in County Wexford , in Ireland .
Izlake ( pronounced ( iˈzlaːkɛ ) ; German : Islak ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in the Central Sava Valley , central Slovenia .
Biórków Mały ( ˈbjurkuf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Dargaz County ( Persian : شهرستان درگز‎ ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
The Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park ( Malay : Taman Negara Tunku Abdul Rahman ) comprises a group of 5 islands located between 3 to 8 km off Kota Kinabalu in Sabah , Malaysia .
The Amstel ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɑmstəl ) ) is a river in the Netherlands which runs through the city of Amsterdam .
Manghot ( Urdu : منگھوٹ‎ ) is a town which is located in Gujar Khan Tehsil , Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Robec ( Old Norse raudh , red and bekkr , stream ) is a small river in Seine - Maritime , Normandy , France , right tributary of the Seine .
Nairn Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada located on the Green River adjacent to British Columbia Highway 99 and the Canadian National Railway line just south of Pemberton and less than twenty minutes north of the resort town of Whistler .
Amar Desh ( Bengali : আমার দেশ `` My Country '' ) is a daily newspaper in Bangladesh , published from Dhaka in the Bengali language since 2004 .
Norwood Oval ( currently known as Coopers Stadium due to sponsorship from the Adelaide - based Coopers Brewery ) is a suburban oval in the western end of Norwood , an inner eastern suburb of Adelaide , South Australia .
Borrisoleigh ( Irish : Buiríos Ó Luigheach , meaning `` O'Lea 's Borough '' ) is a village / small town in County Tipperary , Republic of Ireland .
Kukadi River ( alternate spelling : Kukdi ) is a river of Maharashtra , India , a tributary of the Ghod River .
The Mount Newman railway , owned and operated by BHP Billiton , is a private rail network in the Pilbara region of Western Australia built to carry iron ore .
CaixaForum Barcelona is an art gallery in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Moča ( Hungarian : Dunamocs , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈdunɒmotʃ ) ) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - western Slovakia .
Hacienda San José de Miravalle is a former mezcal - producing hacienda and currently a rural inactive community of the municipality of San Martín de Hidalgo in central Jalisco , Mexico .
The Huriwai River is a short river of New Zealand 's North Island .
Wixams forms part of the Mid Bedfordshire constituency , represented in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament .
Værøy Heliport ( Norwegian : Værøy helikopterhavn ; IATA : VRY , ICAO : ENVR ) is a heliport located at Tobbisodden on the island and municipality of Værøy , Norway , close to the municipal center of Sørland .
Moe 's Newport Restaurant is located in the Westboro area of Ottawa , Canada , at the corner of Churchill and Scott .
Zaranj or Zarang ( Persian / Pashto / Balochi : زرنج ) is a city in southwestern Afghanistan , near the border with Iran , which has a population of 160,902 people as of 2015 .
Dragovič ( pronounced ( dɾaɡɔˈʋitʃ ) ) is a village in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia .
Talarkowo ( talarˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Suteh Kheyl ( Persian : سوته خيل‎ , also Romanized as Sūteh Kheyl ) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District , Hezarjarib District , Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Aamjiwnaang First Nation ( or also known as Chippewas of Sarnia First Nation ) is an Ojibwe First Nation band government in southwestern Ontario , Canada .
Vot Tande ( IPA : ( βɔt.taˈⁿdɛ ) ) is an uninhabited islet of the Banks Islands of northern Vanuatu .
Montoro Superiore was a town and comune ( municipality ) in the province of Avellino , Campania , Italy .
The Caturrita Formation is a rock formation found in Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Frenštát pod Radhoštěm ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈfrɛnʃtaːt ˈpod radɦoʃcɛm ) ; German : Frankstadt unter dem Radhoscht ) is a town in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
Boguila is a town located in the Central African Republic prefecture of Ouham - Pendé .
Võru ( Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈʋɤru ) ) ( Võro : Võro ; German : Werro ; Russian : Выру ( Viru ) ; Latvian : Veru ) is a town and a municipality in south - eastern Estonia .
The Lourinhã Formation is a geological formation in western Portugal , named for the municipality of Lourinhã , from which a wide array of fossils comes .
Ben M'Sick or Ben Msik ( Arabic : بن مسيك‎ ) is a district of southern Casablanca , in the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco .
The Korea City Air Terminal in Gangnam district , Seoul , is one of South Korea 's Airport terminals .
Rejalu ( Persian : رجالو‎ , also Romanized as Rejālū ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Aşağı Şabalıd ( also , Ashaga Shabalyt , Ashagy Shabalyt , and Ashagy - Shabalut ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Abasha ( Georgian : აბაშა ) is a town in western Georgia with a population of 6,400 ( 2002 census ) .
Sîngerei ( also spelled Sângerei ) is a city in Moldova and the seat of the administrative region Sîngerei District .
Canas de Senhorim is a civil parish in the municipality ( concelho ) of Nelas , in the central sub - region of Dão - Lafões in Portugal .
Stadsparksvallen ( popularly called Vallen ) is a classic sports facility located in Jönköping , Sweden .
Čestereg ( Serbian Cyrillic : Честерег ) is a village in Serbia .
The Maximilian Museum is a large , public museum housed in a palatial building erected in 1546 in Augsburg , Germany .
Kaoh Andaet District is a district located in Takéo Province , in southern Cambodia .
The Ottoneum in Kassel , Germany was the first theater building built in Germany and is now a museum of natural history .
Ca ' Tron is a palace in Venice , northern Italy , facing the Canal Grande .
Njoeng Jacob Kondre Airstrip ( IATA : SMJK ) , near Njoeng Jacob Kondre , Suriname .
Iqalugaarjuup Nunanga Territorial Park ( `` the land around the river of littles fishes , '' referring to the Arctic grayling that frequent the Meliadine River ) is a park located 8 - -10 km ( 5.0 - -6.2 mi ) northwest of Rankin Inlet , Nunavut , Canada .
Fatick is a town in Senegal , located between M'bour and Kaolack and inhabited by the Serer people .
Qaleh Beyg ( Persian : قلعه بيگ‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Beyg ; also known as Qal``eh Beyk ) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 85 , in 19 families .
Apayao River is a river on the island of Luzon in the Apayao Province of the Philippines .
Podmyszadła ( pɔdmɨˈʂadwa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Yanbian University is one of the key universities of the People 's Republic of China , located at Yanji , Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture , Jilin Province .
Murrah River is an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Esfahlan ( Persian : اسفهلان‎ , also Romanized as Esfahlān ) is a village in Lahijan Rural District , Khosrowshahr District , Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Blue Diamond Prelude Fillies is a Melbourne Racing Club Group 2 Thoroughbred horse race run under set weight conditions , for two - year - old fillies , over a distance of 1100 metres , held at Caulfield Racecourse in Melbourne , Australia in February .
Sacred Heart Cathedral , Lahore , Pakistan , was consecrated by Bishop Fabian Eestermans , Bishop of Lahore on 19 November 1907 .
The Kildare Hotel and Golf Club ( abbreviated The K Club ) is a golf and leisure complex located at Straffan , County Kildare , Ireland .
The Rotuma Group is a group of volcanic islands with Rotuma Island being the main island , located at 12 ° 35′S 177 ° 10′E , approximately 465 km north of Fiji .
Labutta or Latputta is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south - west Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Kafulwe is a fishing village on Lake Mweru in the Luapula Province of Zambia , situated just north of the mouth of the Kalungwishi River , and 3 km west of the Nchelenge - Chiengi road .
Ilvar - e Panj Dangeh ( Persian : ايلوارپنجدانگه‎ , also Romanized as Īlvār - e Panj Dāngeh ) is a village in Sadan Rostaq - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kordkuy County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Nove Ložine ( pronounced ( ˈnɔːʋɛ lɔˈʒiːnɛ ) ; German : Neuloschin ) is a small settlement northwest of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Guja ( ˈɡuja ) ( German : Groß Guja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Ostrobudki ( ɔstrɔˈbutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Saint - Francis Hospital ( Dutch / Flemish : Sint - Franciscusziekenhuis ) is a hospital located in the municipality of Heusden - Zolder in the province of Limburg ( Belgium ) , Flanders , Belgium .
Senaille is a village in the Saint Louis du Sud municipality of the Aquin Arrondissement , in the Sud Department of Haiti .
Lerdarabon ( Persian : لرداربن‎ , also Romanized as Lerdārabon ; also known as Lūdarābon ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kamień nad Odrą ( ˈkamjɛɲ ˌnad ˈɔdrɔ̃ ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce , within Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Christianental is a side valley of the Mühlental in the borough of Wernigerode in the Harz Mountains of central Germany .
Arystan Bab Mausoleum ( Kazakh : АРЫСТАН БАБ МАЗАРЫ ) is a mausoleum in Kazakhstan close to the village of Kogam and Otrartobe .
Jayrud ( Arabic : جيرود‎ ; also spelled Jerud or Jayroud ; ancient Geroda ) is a city in southern Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains .
Appany ( Russian : Аппаны ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Khatyn - Arinsky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
CHEX - DT , VHF analogue and digital channel 12 , is a CTV - affiliated television station located in Peterborough , Ontario , Canada .
East Carpathians Protected Landscape Area ( Slovak : Chránená krajinná oblasť Východné Karpaty ) is a protected landscape area in north - eastern Slovakia , in the Prešov Region , in the Carpathian Mountains .
The Solomon Star is a Solomon Islands daily , English language newspaper , launched on May 25 , 1982 .
INTI International University , Laureate International Universities is a private university located in Putra Nilai , Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia .
The Clare Valley wine region is one of Australia 's oldest wine regions , best known for Riesling wines .
Bala Jam Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بالاجام‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Nasrabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Xallıcalı ( also , Khallydzhaly and Khalydzhaly ) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wörth am Rhein is a town in the southernmost part of the district of Germersheim , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Fort - la - Latte or Castle of La Latte is a castle located about 4 km southeast of Cap Fréhel and about 35 km west of Saint - Malo , in the commune of Fréhel , Côtes - d'Armor , Brittany , France .
According to the 2012 India census , Kanjikkuzhi had a population of 14,076 .
The Kaczawa ( German : Katzbach ) is a river in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in Poland .
Majlis Wahdat - e - Muslimeen Pakistan ( MWM ) ( Urdu : مجلس وحدت مسلمین‎ ) is a organization in Pakistan .
Prasar Bharati ( Hindi : प्रसार भारती ) ; is India 's largest public broadcasting agency .
Jallah Arain is a town city of Lodhran District in the South side of the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Tofanga is an islet which belongs to Uonukuhahake island , Tonga .
Autrécourt - sur - Aire is a commune in the Meuse department in the Lorraine region in northeastern France .
Cloyes - sur - le - Loir is a commune on the River Loir , a few kilometres south of the town of Châteaudun in the department of Eure - et - Loir in northern France .
Bystrzanowice ( bɨstʂanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Cardeña is a municipality in the province of Córdoba , Spain .
Ormberget is the highest mountain in Notgården , Ludvika , Sweden .
Diakhandara Glacier is a glacier situated on the south slope of the Gissar Range , in the Pamir Mountains of northern Tajikistan , situated at where the Diakhandara River flows into the Karatag River .
Kulaku ( Persian : كولكو‎ , also Romanized as Kūlakū ; also known as Kallūkī , Koolookoo , Kor Koh , Kor Kūh , Kūlkūh , Kūlūkū , and Kūlū Kūh ) is a village in Sangan Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Isaris ( Greek : Ίσαρης ) is a village and a community in the municipality of Megalopoli , Arcadia , Greece .
Nahr - e Tolayeb ( Persian : نهرطليب‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Tolayeb and Nahr - e Ţalayeb ) is a village in Nasar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Moqdar ( Persian : مقدر‎ , also Romanized as Moqaddar ; also known as Mūkdār and Nūq Dar ) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
CKDQ is the only station in Canada which broadcasts on 910 AM , a Regional broadcast frequency .
German submarine U-300 was a Type VIIC/41 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The submarine was laid down on 9 April 1943 by the Bremer Vulkan yard at Bremen - Vegesack as yard number 65 .
Masongbon ( Masungbo , Musumbu ) is a small town and seat of the chiefdom of Makari Gbanti in Bombali District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone .
Omandur is a village in Marakkanam onetriyam in Tindivanam taluk in Villupuram district in Tamil Nadu state in India .
Oberes Feldatal is a former Verwaltungsgemeinschaft in the district Wartburgkreis in Thuringia , Germany .
Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground , located at Tseung Kwan O , Hong Kong , is a multi - purpose sports ground .
The National Broadband Network ( NBN ) is a national wholesale - only , open - access data network and is under development in Australia .
Beit Elazari ( Hebrew : בֵּית אֶלְעָזָרִי , lit . House of Elazari ; Arabic : بيت إلعزاري‎ ) is a moshav in central Israel .
The Rmanj Monastery ( Serbian Cyrillic : Манастир Рмањ ) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery located in Martin Brod , north - western Bosnia and Herzegovina , at the left bank of the Unac River , near its confluence with the Una River .
Governador Island ( Ilha do Governador , in Portuguese ) is the largest island in Guanabara Bay , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Silvalen ( or Herøyholmen ) is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Ajker Kagoj ( Bengali : আজকের কাগজ `` Today 's Paper '' ) was a daily Bengali language newspaper published in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Oslo Spektrum is an indoor multi - purpose arena in east central Oslo , Norway .
The Jane Goodall Institute Chimpanzee Eden , commonly referenced as Chimp Eden is a 1,000 ha ( 2,500 acres ) game reserve and sanctuary for rescued chimpanzees , in the Umhloti Nature Reserve , near Barberton , Mpumalanga , South Africa .
The Alban Hills ( Italian Colli Albani ) are the site of a quiescent volcanic complex in Italy , located 20 km ( 12 mi ) southeast of Rome and about 24 kilometres ( 15 mi ) north of Anzio .
Zec Varin is a controlled harvesting zone ( French : zone d'exploitation controlée , ZEC ) in the unorganized territory of Rivière - aux - Outardes , in Manicouagan Regional County Municipality , Côte - Nord , in Quebec , in Canada .
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police Foundation provides funding to support the voluntary work of Royal Canadian Mounted Police members who support programs to enhance the lives of Canada 's at - risk youth .
Przylesie Dolne ( pʂɨˈlɛɕɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Miaoli Station ( Chinese : 苗栗車站 ; pinyin : Miáolì Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line ( Mountain Line ) .
The Balu River , located in Bangladesh , is a tributary of the Shitalakshya River .
Spercheiada ( Greek : Σπερχειάδα ) is a town and a former municipality in the western part of Phthiotis , Greece .
Novi Bezdan ( Hungarian : Ujbezdan ) is a settlement in the region of Baranja , Croatia .
Chamchuri Square is a high - rise building complex located in Bangkok , Thailand .
Obermillstatt is a village and cadastral community in the municipality of Millstatt in Spittal an der Drau District , in Carinthia , Austria .
Riol is a municipality in the Trier - Saarburg district , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , near Trier .
The Corktown Footbridge ( French : Passerelle Corktown ) , also referred to as the Somerset Street bridge or simply the Somerset Bridge , is a footbridge in Ottawa , Canada built across the Rideau Canal .
Makara Nedunkuzhaikathar Temple is one of the Nava Tirupathi , nine Hindu temples dedicated to Vishnu located in Tiruchendur - Tirunelveli route , Tamil Nadu , India in the southern bank of Thamiraparani river .
Łopianka ( wɔˈpjaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Oromocto River is a tributary of the Saint John River in southwest New Brunswick , Canada .
Marlín is a village and municipality located in the province of Ávila , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon , Spain .
Tolaga Bay ( Māori : Uawa ) is both a bay and small town on the East Coast of New Zealand 's North Island located 45 kilometres northeast of Gisborne and 30 kilometres south of Tokomaru Bay .
Kajmakčalan ( Kaimakchalan ) or Kaimaki or Kaimaktsalan or Voras ( Greek : Καϊμακτσαλάν or Καϊμάκι or Βόρας , Macedonian : Каjмакчалан , Kajmakčalan ) is a mountain on the border between Greece and the Republic of Macedonia .
Litwinowy Ług ( litfiˈnɔvɨ ˈwuk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Khaziriat ( Persian : خضيريات‎ , also Romanized as Khaẕīrīāt , Khazīrīāt , and Khazīrīyāt ; also known as Khadairāth , Khafīrīyāt , Khazarīāt , Khaẕrīāt , Kheẕerīāt , Khezeryāt , and Khezīrīyāt ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Narva Power Plants ( Estonian : Narva Elektrijaamad ) are a power generation complex in and near Narva in Estonia , near the border with Leningrad Oblast , Russia .
Masafer ( Persian : مسافر‎ , also Romanized as Masāfer ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Namsos Hospital ( Norwegian : Sykehuset Namsos ) is a local hospital located in Namsos , Norway .
The Canadian Fence Industry Association is a Canadian non - profit trade association , representing Canada 's fence industry .
Oborniki County ( Polish : powiat obornicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland .
The Queen 's Bands , established in 1905 , is the largest and oldest current university marching band in Canada .
Tzofit ( Hebrew : צוֹפִית ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Al Haybah is the name of a settlement in Fujairah , United Arab Emirates .
Sromów ( ˈsrɔmuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Emamzadeh Seyyed Qasem ( Persian : امامزاده سيدقاسم‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Qāsem ) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Przeździecko - Grzymki ( pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ ˈɡʐɨmki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lake Tota ( Spanish : Lago de Tota ) , the largest lake in Colombia , located in the east of Boyacá department , inside the Province of Sugamuxi , it is the source of the Upia River which flows into the Orinoco River basin .
The Tatacoa Desert is the second largest arid zone in Colombia after the Guajira Peninsula .
Iserlohn ( German pronunciation : ( iːzɐˈloːn ) ) is a city in the Märkischer Kreis district , in North Rhine - Westphalia , West Germany .
Sierra de las Quijadas National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Sierra de las Quijadas ) is a national park in Argentina , in San Luis Province .
The Sisi Chapel was built on the occasion of the marriage of Empress Elisabeth and Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria on April 24 , 1854 , in Vienna .
Nripendra Narayan Government High School ( Bengali : নৃপেন্দ্র নারায়ন সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is a secondary school located in Debiganj , Debiganj Upazila , Panchagarh District , Bangladesh .
The Great Hypostyle Hall is located within the Karnak temple complex , in the Precinct of Amon - Re . It is one of the most visited monuments of Ancient Egypt .
Szamotuły ( ʂamɔˈtuwɨ ) ( German : Samter ) is a town in Poland , in Greater Poland Voivodeship , about 30 kilometres ( 19 miles ) northwest of Poznań .
Terazije ( Serbian Cyrillic : Теразије , literally Scales , more commonly known as `` water balances '' or `` su terazisi '' in Turkish ) is the central square of the capital of Serbia .
Bracondale was a provincial electoral district in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
La Negrillar is a volcanic cone and associated lava flow in Chile .
The Junín mine is a large copper mine located in the west of Ecuador in Manabí Province .
Cittadella is a medieval walled city in the province of Padua , northern Italy , founded in the 13th century as a military outpost of Padua .
Şıxarxı ( also , Shikharkhi and Shykharkhi ) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Karlesspitze or Grubspitze is a mountain in the Schnalskamm group of the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol , Austria , and South Tyrol , Italy .
The Coast is a free alternative weekly newspaper in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Velyka Buda ( Ukrainian : Велика Буда ; Romanian : Buda Mare ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Hertsa Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
The Kafue Gorge Upper Power Station is a hydroelectric power plant of the Kafue River in Zambia .
Culiacancito is a small town located just outside , and northwest , of the larger city of Culiacán , Sinaloa , Mexico .
Karachi Area Control Center or Karachi ACC is located at Jinnah International Airport , near Karachi and is one of two Air Traffic Control Centers in Pakistan .
Bukovca ( pronounced ( ˈbuːkɔu̯tsa ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Razakeh ( Persian : رزكه‎ ; also known as Razageh ) is a village in Chelav Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Nushki District ( Urdu : ضلع نوشکی‎ ) is one of the districts of Balochistan province , Pakistan .
Tashdeh ( Persian : تاشده‎ , also Romanized as Tāshdeh ; also known as Tāshteh ) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
In August 1945 , there had been conferences about the founding of the Evangelical Church in Germany in Treysa .
Vankarem ( Russian : Ванкарем ; Chukchi : Ванкареман ) is a village ( selo ) in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia , situated on Cape Vankarem on the coast of the Chukchi Sea .
Khuriakhali is a village in Dakhin Khali Union , Sarankhola Upazila of Bagerhat District , on the northeastern edge of the Sundarbans forest in Bangladesh .
Edifici Gas Natural , also known as Torre Mare Nostrum , is a skyscraper in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Gorenja Pirošica ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnja ˈpiːɾɔʃitsa ) ) is a settlement above the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Molk - e Ali ( Persian : ملك علي‎ , also Romanized as Molk - e `` Alī ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20 , in 5 families .
Zavinek ( pronounced ( zaˈʋiːnək ) ; in older sources also Zavinjak ) is a small settlement south of Škocjan in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia .
Pajamäki ( Swedish : Smedjebacka ) is a neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland .
The Route nationale 9 , or RN 9 , was a trunk road ( nationale ) in France between Moulins and the frontier with Spain .
The Kalaram Temple is an old Hindu shrine dedicated to Rama in the Panchavati area of Nashik city in Maharashtra , India .
Acireale ( ˌatʃireˈaːle ) ( Sicilian : Jaciriali ; locally shortened to Jaci or Aci ) is a coastal city and commune in the north - east of the province of Catania , Sicily , Italy , at the foot of Mount Etna , on the coast facing the Ionian Sea .
The Herald and Weekly Times Limited ( HWT ) is a newspaper publishing company based in Melbourne , Australia .
Tang Talkh - e Yek ( Persian : تنگ تلخ يك‎ ; also known as Tang - e Talkh ) is a village in Abolfares Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Augsburg Zoo is a zoo located in the city of Augsburg in Bavaria , Germany , and with over 600,000 visitors annually , the zoo belongs to the 20 largest Zoos in Germany .
Souanké Airport ( IATA : SOE , ICAO : FCOS ) is an airport serving the city of Souanké , Republic of the Congo .
Singrauli district is one of the districts in the India state of Madhya Pradesh .
Point Bell Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west of South Australia on the coastline of the Great Australian Bight adjoining the headland of Point Bell about 52 kilometres ( 32 mi ) west of the town of Ceduna .
The Anjuman Pass ( Persian : كتل انجمن ‎ Kotal - e Anjoman ) ( also written Anjoman Pass ) ( 4,430 m ) is a mountain pass in the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan .
The Bielsko - Biała Power Plant is a complex of coal - fired combined heat and power plants at Czechowice - Dziedzice near Bielsko - Biała , Poland .
Javoni ( Persian : جاوني‎ , also Romanized as Jāvonī and Jāvanī ) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
On 2 June 1950 the Pomeranian provincial synod adopted the prepared new church order and thus established the Pomeranian Evangelical Church , territorially comprising those parts of the former ecclesiastical province located in then East Germany ( German Democratic Republic , GDR ) .
Fatezh ( Russian : Фате́ж ) is a town and the administrative center of Fatezhsky District in Kursk Oblast , Russia , located on the Usozha River 45 kilometers ( 28 mi ) north of Kursk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Bijeljina ( Cyrillic : Бијељина ; pronounced ( bijêːʎina ) ) is a city and municipality in northeastern Republika Srpska , which is one of two entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Madeirinha River is a river of Amazonas and Mato Grosso states in north - western Brazil .
Ivindo National Park is a national park in east - central Gabon in Central Africa , straddling the border of the Ogooué - Ivindo and Ogooué - Lolo provences .
Edamaruk is a place in Udumbannoor Panchayath in Thodupuzha Taluk of Idukki District , Kerala , India .
Korsvika is a small residential area of in the Lade neighborhood of Trondheim , Norway .
The Tirana Circus ( Albanian : Cirku i Tiranës ) is a circus in Albania founded in 1952 and still fully active .
Pol - e Now ( Persian : پل نو‎ ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Varvara reservoir ( Azerbaijani : Varvara su anbarı ) is a reservoir near Mingachevir , Azerbaijan .
The International Community School of Addis Ababa ( ICS Addis , Amharic : ኢንተርናሽናል ኮምዩኒቲ ትምህርት ቤት ? ) , founded in 1964 , is an independent , co - educational day school that teaches students of all nationalities in early childhood through grade 12 and is located in Addis Ababa , the capital city of Ethiopia .
Pınarbaşı Gölü is an archaeological site in Turkey containing object from the Epipaleolithic period .
Muzaffarabad ( Urdu : مُظفَّرآباد‎ ; Pahari , Potwari : مُظفٌر آباد ) is the capital of Azad Jammu and Kashmir , Pakistan .
Ščurki ( in older sources also Ščurke , German : Schurke ) is a small settlement west of Turjak in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Międzychód ( mʲɛnˈd͡zɨxut ) ( German : Birnbaum ) is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland , the administrative seat of Międzychód County .
The Northern Districts cricket team ( nicknamed the Northern Knights ) are one of six New Zealand first class cricket teams that make up New Zealand Cricket .
Bukovnica ( Hungarian : Bakónak , Prekmurje Slovene : Bükovnica ) is a village northeast of Bogojina in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
The Ultra Architecture Museum is an architectural museum in Seoul , South Korea .
Begishevo Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Бегишево , Tatar : `` Begişevo '' Xalıqara Aeroportı ) ( IATA : NBC , ICAO : UWKE ) is an airport in Tatarstan , Russia located 19 km east of Nizhnekamsk .
Orikhiv ( Ukrainian : Оріхів ) is a city in Zaporizhia Oblast , Ukraine .
Chernokozovo ( Russian : Чернокозово ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Naursky District of the Chechen Republic , Russia , located north of the Terek River .
El Amria is a town in the Aïn Témouchent province in northwestern Algeria .
Jilib ( other names : Gilib , Gelib , Jillib , Jillio ; Arabic : جلب‎ ) is a town in Somalia , with an estimated population of approximately 45,000 .
Eslavi ( Persian : اسلاوي‎ , also Romanized as Eslāvī ; also known as Eslāvīyeh ) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Volochanka ( Russian : Волочанка ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) under the administrative jurisdiction of the district town of Dudinka in Taymyrsky Dolgano - Nenetsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia .
Jõhvi ( German : Jewe , Russian : Йыхви ) is a town in north - eastern Estonia , and the capital of Ida - Viru County .
On 30 March 1917 the name `` Cheslatta Lake '' was adopted in the 15th Report of the Geographic Board of Canada based on the label on Jorgensen 's 1895 map of BC , and as labelled on pre - emptor map 1 G , 1916 .
Mirza Nabi ( Persian : ميرزانبي‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā Nabī ; also known as Deh - e Mīrzā Nabī ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Serranía del Aguaragüe is the easternmost range of Bolivia 's Cordillera Oriental .
Emamzadeh Zualfaqar ( Persian : امامزاده ذوالفقار‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Ẕūālfaqār and Emāmzādeh Ẕolfaqār ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Kordehha Rural District , in the Central District of Aradan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Geumsansa ( literally `` Golden Mountain Temple '' ) is a temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism standing on the slopes of Moaksan in Gimje City , Jeollabuk - do , South Korea .
Manawatu College is a state secondary co - educational high school in Foxton , New Zealand .
Qeshlaq - e Owzbak ( Persian : قشلاق اوزبك‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Owzbak ; also known as Ozbak and Qeshlāq - e Ozbak ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Canton of Saint - Valery - en - Caux is a canton situated in the Seine - Maritime département and in the Normandy region of northern France .
The Transmission Gully Motorway is a 26 km four - lane motorway proposed for Wellington , New Zealand .
Geiranger is a small tourist village in Sunnmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county in the western part of Norway .
Miechów ( ˈmʲɛxuf ) is a town in Poland , in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , about 40 kilometres ( 25 miles ) north of Kraków .
Jermenovci ( Serbian : Jermenovci or Јермeновци ; Hungarian : Ürményháza ; German : Ürmenhausen ) is a village located in the Plandište municipality , in the South Banat District of Serbia .
The Kalasha Valleys ( Kalasha - mondr : Kaĺaśa Desh ) are valleys in Chitral District in northern Pakistan .
Nowodzielnik ( nɔvɔˈd͡ʑelnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The La Parrilla mine is a large mine located in the north - western part of Spain in Province of Valladolid .
Khoriun ( Persian : خريون‎ , also Romanized as Khorīūn ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kars ( Armenian : Կարս or Ղարս Ghars , Georgian : ყარსი Karsi ) is a city in northeast Turkey and the capital of Kars Province .
Bivels ( Luxembourgish : Biwels ) is a little village in the commune of Putscheid in north - eastern Luxembourg .
Chimgan or Chimgon ( Uzbek : Chimgon ; Kazakh : Шымған ; Russian : Чимган ) is a ski resort located in a mountain range named Tian Shan , near Chirchiq , Uzbekistan .
Shah Bahrami ( Persian : شاه بهرامي‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Bahrāmī ; also known as Shāh Bahrām ) is a village in Kavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hesperange ( Luxembourgish : Hesper , German : Hesperingen ) is a commune and town in southern Luxembourg .
Khaduly or Khaduli is a village in Ullahpara Upazila , Sirajgonj District , Bangladesh .
Río de Agua de Vida Airstrip ( IATA : N / A ) is a private dirt airstrip located 4 km South West of La Purísima , Municipality of Comondú , Baja California Sur , Mexico .
The Amselgrund ( `` Amsel Bottom '' ) is the name given to the valley of the Grünbach stream in the heart of Saxon Switzerland in Eastern Germany .
Teos Marina is a marina with a capacity of 480 boats at sea , 80 boats on land and 30 that can be moored at channel docks in Seferihisar , İzmir , Turkey .
Dunmore railway station was located on the South Coast railway line in New South Wales , Australia .
Cieszyn ( ˈt͡ɕɛʂɨn ) ( Czech : Těšín , German : Teschen , Yiddish : טעשין‎ ) is a border - town in southern Poland on the east bank of the Olza River , and the administrative seat of Cieszyn County , Silesian Voivodeship .
Sanam Luang ( Thai : สนามหลวง , lit : Royal Turf ) is an open field and public square in front of Wat Phra Kaew and the Grand Palace , Bangkok , Thailand .
The best result Grey Power ever achieved was at the 1994 Taylor state by - election in South Australia .
Kodreti ( pronounced ( kɔˈdɾeːti ) ) is a small village southwest of Štanjel in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy .
Harstad / Narvik Airport , Evenes ( Norwegian : Harstad / Narvik lufthavn , Evenes ; IATA : EVE , ICAO : ENEV ) is an international airport located in Evenes , Norway , serving the towns of Harstad and Narvik .
Seeadler Harbor , also known as Port Seeadler , is located on Manus Island , Admiralty Islands , Papua New Guinea and played an important role in World War II . In German , `` Seeadler '' means sea eagle , pointing to German colonial activity between 1884 and 1919 in that area .
Yaremche ( Ukrainian : Яремчe , Polish : Jaremcze or Jaremcza ) is a city in Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast ( province ) of west Ukraine .
Uśniaki ( uɕˈɲaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Bhatner fort is at Hanumangarh in Rajasthan , India , about 419 km northwest of Jaipur along the old Multan - Delhi route and 230 km north - east of Bikaner .
Sokal ( Ukrainian : Сокаль , translit . Sokal '' ) is a city located on the banks of the Bug River in Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine .
The Costa Brava ( Catalan : ( ˈkɔstə ˈβɾaβə ) , Spanish : ( ˈkosta ˈβɾaβa ) ; `` Wild '' or `` Rough Coast '' ) is a coastal region of northeastern Spain , consisting of Alt Empordà , Baix Empordà and Selva , in the province of Girona .
Cavergno is a village in the district of Vallemaggia , in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland .
State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs ( SAFEA , Simplified Chinese : 国家外国专家局 Pinyin : Guójiā Wàiguó Zhuānjiā Jú ) is an administrative agency of the State Council of the People 's Republic of China responsible for certifying foreign experts to provide expertise in mainland China .
Dundo Airport ( IATA : DUE , ICAO : FNDU ) is an airport serving Dundo , a town in the Lunda Norte Province in Angola .
The Sizun Parish close ( Enclos paroissial ) is located at Sizun in the arrondissement of Morlaix in Brittany in north - western France .
Steinbrunn - le - Bas ( German : Niedersteinbrunn ) is a French commune in the urban area of Mulhouse located in north - eastern France .
The Vuache is a range of hills in eastern France , close to the border with Switzerland ( the nearest city is in fact Geneva ) .
Paysandú is the capital of Paysandú Department in western Uruguay .
The Changsheng Power Plant or Ever Power Power Plant ( Chinese : 長生發電廠 ; pinyin : Chángshēng Fādiànchǎng ) is a gas - fired power plant in Luzhu District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Velestovo ( Macedonian : Велестово ) is a village situated on the slopes of Galičica Mountain in Ohrid Municipality , Macedonia .
The Siege of Olomouc took place in 1758 when a Prussian army led by Frederick the Great besieged the Austrian city of Olmütz ( now Olomouc , Czech Republic ) during the Prussian invasion of Moravia in the Seven Years ' War .
Sadh Belo ( Sindhi : ساڌ ٻلو‎ ) , or Sat , is an island in the Indus River near Sukkur , Sindh , Pakistan .
Beroun District ( Okres Beroun in Czech ) is a district ( okres ) within Central Bohemian Region ( Středočeský kraj ) of the Czech Republic .
The School for Islamic Youth ( Madrasat al - Shabiba’l - Islamiyya ) , known as the Shabiba school , was one of the first and best - known progressive Islamic schools in Algeria .
Villeta is a city of Paraguay in the Central Department , on the banks of Paraguay River .
The Arcus Argentariorum ( Latin , `` Arch of the money - changers '' , in Italian Arco degli Argentari ) , is an arch that was partly incorporated in the 7th century into the western wall of the nearby church of San Giorgio al Velabro in Rome , Italy .
The Rhein - Main - Verkehrsverbund ( abbreviated RMV ) is the transport network of the Frankfurt Metropolitan Area in Germany .
Amtsgericht Meiningen is the District Court of Meiningen and one of 23 district courts in Thuringia , Germany .
Gif - sur - Yvette is a commune in the south - western suburbs of Paris , France .
Ballinascarty ( Irish : Béal na Scairte ) , also known as Ballinascarthy , is a village in West Cork , Ireland .
Shenaneh - ye Do ( Persian : شنانه دو‎ , also Romanized as Shenāneh - e Do ; also known as Shenāneh ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Manoir du Chatenet is a manor house in Dordogne , Aquitaine , France .
Nurai - ye Now ( Persian : نورائي نو‎ , also Romanized as Nūrā’ī - ye Now ; also known as Nīrā’ī , Nīrā’ī - ye Bālā , and Nūrā’ī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Jatapu River is a medium - size left tributary of the Amazon River in central eastern portion of state of Amazonas in north - western Brazil .
Les Iffs ( Breton : An Ivineg ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department of Brittany in north - western France .
Corozal Junior College is a college in Belize .
Shahrak - e Mahdiyeh ( Persian : شهرک مهديه‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Mahdīyeh ) is a village in Kenareh Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ongpangkong is the largest mountain range in Mokokchung District in India .
Orca Airways is a scheduled and charter airline based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Plichta ( ˈplixta ) ( German : Plichten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Nowe Chrusty ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈxrustɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Shih Hsin University ( SHU ; Chinese : 世新大學 ) founded in Beiping in 1932 , is a private university in Wenshan District , Taipei , Taiwan .
The Musée schaerbeekois de la bière ( English : Schaerbeek Museum of Beer ) in the commune of Schaerbeek , Brussels , Belgium is a museum dedicated to Belgian beers .
The Ankasar mine is a large copper mine located in the south - east of Armenia in Syunik Province .
Plavsk ( Russian : Плавск ) is a town and the administrative center of Plavsky District in Tula Oblast , Russia , located on the Plava River .
Dévaványa ( ) is a town in northern Békés county , in the Southern Great Plain region of south - east Hungary .
The Gallitzinberg ( 449 m ) is a forested hill in the West of Austria 's capital , Vienna .
The Chinde River is a distributary of the Zambezi river delta in Mozambique .
Thy National Park is a National Park area in Thy , Denmark , opened to the public on 22 August 2008 .
The St. Francis Shangri - La Place , also known as The St. Francis Towers 1 & 2 are twin - tower residential condominium skyscrapers in Mandaluyong , Philippines .
The Dagens Nyheter Tower , called DN - Skrapan ( DN - Skyscraper ) in Sweden , is an office building in the Kungsholmen district of Stockholm , Sweden .
Shimsha is a river that flows in the state of Karnataka , India .
Cebu Strait ( Tagalog : Kipot ng Cebú ; also Bohol Strait ) is a strait in the Central Visayas region in the Philippines .
The Muur van Geraardsbergen ( English : Wall of Geraardsbergen / Grammont , French : Mur de Grammont ) is a steep narrow road with cobblestones in Geraardsbergen , Belgium .
RJV Gas Field Services has been serving the needs of western Canada 's oil and gas industry since 1976 .
Chañaral is a small coastal city and commune in the Atacama Region , Chile and capital of the Chañaral Province .
CHQT is currently ranked # 15 in the Edmonton market according to the Fall 2011 PPM data report released by BBM Canada .
The Petone Workshops were a government - owned railways maintenance and repair facility located in Petone , in Lower Hutt in the Wellington region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Najasa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( naˈxasa ) ) is a municipality and town in the Camagüey Province of Cuba .
Gelila Zakarias is an island in the northwestern part of Lake Tana in Ethiopia .
Mount Penanggungan is a small stratovolcano , located immediately on the north side of Arjuno - Welirang volcanic complex in East Java province , Java island , Indonesia .
Chwiły ( ˈxfiwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Berbak National Park in Sumatra island , Jambi province of Indonesia , forms part of the largest undisturbed swamp forest in southeastern Asia , and the peat swamp forest with the greatest number of palm species .
The 2013 European Judo Championships were the 24th edition of the European Judo Championships , organised by the European Judo Union , and were held in Budapest , Hungary from April 25 to April 28 , 2013 .
Holy Myrrhbearers Cathedral ( Russian : Кафедральный Собор Святых Жён-Мироносиц ; Azeri : Müqəddəs Mürdaşıyan Zənənlər Başkilsəsi ) is a Russian Orthodox cathedral in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Dulce Nombre de María is a town and municipality in the Chalatenango Department of El Salvador .
Bifanaj ( Persian : بيفانج‎ , also Romanized as Bīfānaj ; also known as Pīfānach , Pīfānaj , Pī Fīān , and Pifianeh ) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Asadabad County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Christchurch tramway system is an extensive network in Christchurch , New Zealand , with steam and horse trams from 1882 .
The SAWA Defence Training Center is a military academy in the Gash - Barka region of Eritrea .
Hir Shahabad ( Persian : هيرشاه اباد‎ , also Romanized as Hīr Shāhābād ) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Adzyubzha ( Georgian : აძიუბჟა ; Abkhaz : Аӡҩыбжьа ; Russian : Адзю́бжа ) is a rural settlement in the Ochamchira District of Abkhazia , Georgia 's breakaway republic .
Darbelund ( Persian : دربلوند‎ , also Romanized as Darbelūnd and Darb - e Lūn ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Castiglion Fiorentino ( Italian pronunciation : ( kastiʎˈʎom fjorenˈtiːno ) ) is a small , walled city in eastern Tuscany , Italy , in the province of Arezzo , between the cities of Arezzo and Cortona .
Gunpo - dong ( Hangul : 군포동 ; hanja : 軍浦洞 ) is neighbourhood of Gunpo , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
MS Color Viking is a ferry owned by the Norway - based Color Line , operated on their service between Sandefjord and Strömstad .
Brzeźnicka Węgorza ( bʐɛʑˈɲitska vɛŋˈɡɔʐa ) is a river in gmina Węgorzyno , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
Distelsee is a high alpine lake in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
Marić Međine ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марић Међине ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Sacred Way ( Ancient Greek : Ἱερὰ Ὁδός , Hierá Hodós ) , in ancient Greece , was the road from Athens to Eleusis .
Falknowo ( falkˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Groß Falkenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
We the South ( Italian : Noi Sud , NS ) , whose complete name is Freedom and Autonomy - We the South ( Italian : Libertà e Autonomia - Noi Sud ) , is a regionalist - centrist political party in Italy based in the Campania but seeking to represent the whole South .
The Riga Radio and TV Tower ( Latvian : Rīgas radio un televīzijas tornis ) in Riga , Latvia is the tallest structure in the European Union .
Instituto Nacional Mejía is a public secondary educational institution in Quito , the capital of Ecuador .
Ritiševo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ритишево , Romanian : Râtișor ) is a village in Serbia .
Montego Bay railway station opened in 1894 and closed in 1992 when all passenger services in Jamaica abruptly ceased .
Church Cross railway station was on the Schull and Skibbereen Railway in County Cork , Ireland .
Anzar ( Persian : انذر‎ , also Romanized as Anz̄ar and Anzer ) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District , Chavarzaq District , Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Uwada Dam is a gravity dam on the Tadami River 500 m ( 1,640 ft ) downstream of Kaneyama in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan .
Almirante Padilla Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Almirante Padilla ) ( IATA : RCH , ICAO : SKRH ) is an airport located near Riohacha , a city in the Guajira Department of Colombia .
The Cordillera de la Costa Central is a range of the Venezuelan Coastal Ranges System ( Cordillera de la Costa ) , in northern Venezuela .
Haqiqat - e Inquilab - e Saur ( Persian : حقيقت انقلاب ثور‎‎ , ' Truth of the Saur Revolution ' ) was a daily newspaper in Afghanistan .
Panales Jamaica ( Also known as Cañones ) is a small town in the Tarimoro Municipality of Guanajuato , Mexico .
Pietermaritzburg railway station is the main railway station in Pietermaritzburg , South Africa .
Clarks Beach is a small town of Auckland , New Zealand .
The University of Agder ( Norwegian : Universitetet i Agder ) , formerly known as Agder College and Agder University College , is a public university with campuses in Kristiansand and Grimstad , Norway .
The Wadi Mejenin Dam is an embankment dam located on Wadi Mejenin , 64 km ( 40 mi ) south of Tripoli in the Jabal al Gharbi District of Libya .
Grasse produces over two - thirds of France 's natural aromas ( for perfume and for food flavourings ) .
The Anabar River ( Russian : Анабар ) is a river in Sakha , Russia , located just west of the Lena River .
Villa Settefinestre lies between Capalbio and Orbetello in Tuscany , Italy , and is the site of a late Republican Roman slave - run villa owned by the senatorial family of the Volusii , built in the 1st century BC and enlarged in the 1st century AD with a large cryptoportico .
The Actopan River is a river of Mexico that reaches the Gulf of Mexico in the state of Veracruz .
Genesee Generating Station is a coal fired station owned by Capital Power Corporation , located near Genesee , Alberta , Canada ; 60 minutes southwest of Edmonton , Alberta .
Tunuyán is a city in the west of the province of Mendoza , Argentina , located on the western shore of the Tunuyán River , 80 km ( 50 mi ) south from the provincial capital Mendoza and 100 km ( 62 mi ) east of the Chilean border .
Brenna Chapel ( Norwegian : Brenna kapell ) is a chapel in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Offener Kanal Essen ( Open Channel Essen ) is a public television station based in Zeche Carl , Essen , Germany .
Mrigadayavan Palace ( Thai : พระราชนิเวศน์มฤคทายวัน , rtgs : Maruekkhathayawan ) is a former royal residence and tourist attraction in Cha Am , Phetchaburi Province , Thailand .
Mowtowr - e Hajji Anur ( Persian : موتورحاجي انور‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Ḩājjī Ānūr ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Puthenchantha is a market in Trivandrum , Kerala , India .
Makhun Wan ( Thai : มะขุนหวาน ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of San Pa Tong District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Pennepalli is a small village in Nayudupet Mandal ( Gudur Taluk ) of Nellore District in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Bumthang Province ( Dzongkha : བུམ་ཐང་ ; Wylie : bum - thang ) was one of the nine historical Provinces of Bhutan .
Zahreh ( Persian : زهره‎ ; also Romanized as Zohreh ) is a city in and the capital of Cham Khalaf - e Isa District , in Hendijan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Akaneh ( Persian : اكنه‎ ) is a village in Eshkevar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jiayu County ( simplified Chinese : 嘉鱼县 ; traditional Chinese : 嘉魚縣 ; pinyin : Jiāyú Xiàn ) is a county of southeastern Hubei province , People 's Republic of China , located on the southeast ( right ) bank of the Yangtze River .
Kameraseura ( Finnish for `` camera society '' ) is the largest organisation for photography in Finland .
Simonds Farsons Cisk plc is a group of companies on the island of Malta engaged in the brewing , production and sale and distribution of beers and other beverages , the importation , wholesale and retail of food and beverages including wines and spirits , the operation of franchised food retailing establishments and property development .
Vosstaniya Square ( Russian : Пло́щадь Восста́ния , lit . Uprising Square ) is a major square in the Central Business District of Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Gulang County ( Chinese : 古浪县 ; pinyin : Gǔlàng Xiàn ) is an administrative district in Gansu , the People 's Republic of China .
Anogeio ( Greek : Ανώγειο , `` High - land '' ) is a village and a former municipality in the Preveza regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Godamdar ( Persian : گدامدر‎ , also Romanized as Godāmdar and Gadāmdar ; also known as Qadamdī ) is a village in Zaboli Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Chortaqlu ( Persian : قشلاق چرتقلو‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Chortaqlū ) is a village in Angut - e Sharqi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kovdor ( Russian : Ковдор ) is a town and the administrative center of Kovdorsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , mostly known for its mining industry .
The Château de Dampierre is the castle in Dampierre - en - Yvelines , in the Vallée de Chevreuse , France .
Lort River is a river located in the Goldfields - Esperance region and the Eastern Mallee sub - region of Western Australia .
Oberschönenfeld Abbey ( Kloster Oberschönenfeld ) is a Cistercian nunnery in Gessertshausen in Bavaria , Germany .
Adalpur is a village in Hajipur block Vaishali district , Bihar , India .
Recorded temperatures are a maximum of 35 ° C , a minimum of 9 ° C and an average of 22 ° C . It is home to and named after the Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady of Aparecida , the patron saint of Brazil , declared so by Pope Pius XI in 1929 .
Elviria is an urbanization on the Costa del Sol , 6 km ( 4 mi ) from the old town of Marbella , Spain , Andalucia .
Olympiahalle is a multi - purpose arena located in Munich , Germany , part of Olympiapark .
Eekhout Abbey ( Dutch : Eekhoutabdij ) was a medieval house of Augustinian Canons in Bruges , West Flanders , Belgium .
Bhagwan Mahaveer Sanctuary and Mollem National Park is a 240 square kilometres ( 93 sq mi ) protected area located in the Western Ghats of South India , in Sanguem taluk , Goa along the eastern border with Karnataka .
Nonneseter Abbey , Oslo ( Nonneseter kloster i Oslo ) was a Benedictine nunnery located in Oslo , Norway .
Hacıələkbərli ( also , Gadzhyalekperli ) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mewang Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྨད་ཝང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Thimphu District , Bhutan .
Ząbkowice Śląskie ( zɔmpkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ ) ( German : Frankenstein in Schlesien ) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south - western Poland .
Ebrahimeh ( Persian : ابراهيمه‎ , also Romanized as Ebrāhīmeh ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gettorf ( Danish : Gettorp ) is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg - Eckernförde , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Foreign members will generally be admitted as honorary members of the Royal Victorian Order when the Queen is making a state visit to the individual 's country or a head of state is paying a state visit to the United Kingdom .
Stora Drammen is the westernmost point of Sweden .
Vellingshøj station is a railway station serving the district of Højene in the northern part of the town of Hjørring , Denmark .
The Victorian College for the Deaf ( VCD ) , located on St Kilda Road in Melbourne , Australia , is Victoria 's oldest deaf school , opening in 1860 .
The Muxklippe is a granite rock formation in the Harz National Park in Germany .
Cicia Airport ( IATA : ICI , ICAO : NFCI ) is an airport serving Cicia , one of the Lau Islands in the Eastern Division of Fiji .
Los Barrios is a small town and municipality in the south of Spain .
Woodland Caribou Provincial Park is a provincial park in northwestern Ontario , Canada , west of Red Lake .
Hazro Tehsil is one of the six tehsils ( subdivisions ) of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan , it is a newly created tehsil and forms parts of the NA-57 constituency of Attock .
Machu Q'inti ( Quechua machu old , old person , q'inti hummingbird , Q'inti a place nearby , `` old Q'inti '' , hispanicized spelling Machuquente , also Machu Q'ente ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Dajia Station ( Chinese : 大甲車站 ; pinyin : Dàjiǎ Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line ( Coast Line ) located in Dajia District , Taichung , Taiwan .
Panchchuli Glacier is a Himalayan glacier , situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand , India .
Pedaya ( Hebrew : פְּדָיָה ) is a moshav in central Israel .
The Crown Estate is a collection of lands and holdings in the United Kingdom belonging to the British monarch as a corporation sole , making it the `` Sovereign 's public estate '' , which is neither government property nor part of the monarch 's private estate .
Chel Gasheh ( Persian : چل گشه‎ ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Saraydan ( Persian : سرايدان‎ , also Romanized as Sarāydān ; also known as Sāradān and Sāygān ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Paita Province is one of eight provinces of the Piura Region in northwestern Peru .
Kołbacz ( ˈkɔwbat͡ʂ ) ( German : Kolbatz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Antroni ( Greek : Αντρώνι ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Lasiona , Elis , Greece .
The Seat of Government Act 1904 was an Act of the Parliament of Australia which selected the area around Dalgety , New South Wales as the site of the Federal Capital Territory ( now the Australian Capital Territory ) .
Indira Gandhi Zoological Park is located amidst Kambalakonda Reserve Forest in Visakhapatnam , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Cottonera Lines ( Maltese : Is - Swar tal - Kottonera ) , also known as the Valperga Lines ( Maltese : Is - Swar ta ' Valperga ) , are a line of fortifications in Cospicua and Birgu , Malta .
Plovdiv Province ( Bulgarian : Област Пловдив : Oblast Plovdiv , former name Plovdiv okrug ) is a province in central southern Bulgaria .
Mahón cheese is a soft to hard white cheese made from cow 's milk , named after the natural port of Mahón on the island of Minorca off the Mediterranean coast of Spain .
Storhove is a neighborhood of Lillehammer , Norway , located 5 kilometers ( 3 mi ) north of the city center .
Adelbert Range is a mountain range in Madang Province , north - central Papua New Guinea .
Bioul is located on the Condroz region of Belgium , a few kilometers to the west of the Meuse valley
Paradise Cave ( Polish : Jaskinia Raj , pronounced ' Yaskeenya Rye ' ) is a horizontal limestone cave in Poland located in the hill Malik , to the south of Kielce , Świętokrzyskie Voivodship .
Lower Little Falls is an 8.2 metre high talus ribbon cascade waterfall found in Ancaster , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Hadžipopovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хаџипоповац ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Ausacker ( Danish : Oksager ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Chanthaburi ( Thai : จันทบุรี ( Pronunciation ) ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in the east of Thailand , on the banks of the Chanthaburi River .
Dahan Institute of Technology ( DAHAN ; Chinese : 大漢技術學院 ) is a private university located in Xincheng District , Hualien County , Taiwan .
Lamud is a town in northern Peru , capital of Luya Province in Amazonas Region .
Sıqalonu ( also , Sığaloni ) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Taloli ( alternatively Talavali ) is a village in India .
Dhama was an important Zail(administrative division)during British regime and First Zaildar of this place was Chudary Shurffudin and after him his son Chudary Qutabuddin succeeded him , and his successor was Chudary Sher Ali ; his son Ch Ghulam Hussain remains sufaid posh and Numberdar his son Ch Talib Hussain remains Chairman Pakistan Peoples Party Lalamusa .
Mohammadabad - e Anbari ( Persian : محمدابادعنبري‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e ʿAnbarī ; also known as Moḩammadābād and Moḩammadābād - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sucunduri River ( Portuguese : Rio Sucundurí ) is a river of Amazonas state in north - western Brazil .
Bloemendaal railway station is located in Bloemendaal , near Haarlem , the Netherlands .
Madame Jean Pierre is a village in the Maniche municipality of the Les Cayes Arrondissement , in the Sud Department of Haiti .
The Palazzo della Congregazione dei Nobili ( Palace of the Congregation of the Nobles ) , better known as Palazzetto dei Nobili ( Palace of Nobles ) or `` Oratorio dei Nobili '' ( Oratory of Nobles ) , is a historic building of L'Aquila in Southern Italy .
Kruklanki ( kruˈklanki ) ( German Kruglanken ) is a village in Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Via Vinci University , short for `` the International University for Creative Leadership and Entrepreneurship '' , was intended as an international , Netherlands based private university .
Žikarce ( pronounced ( ˈʒiːkaɾtsɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Duplek in northeastern Slovenia .
The Friedenspark ( `` Peace Park '' ) is an open space of about 20 hectares in the centre of Leipzig , Germany , in the district of Zentrum - Südost , located between the Ostplatz to the north and the Russian Memorial Church ( Russische Gedächtniskirche ) to the south .
Long March 2C ( LM-2C ) , or Chang Zheng 2C ( CZ-2C ) as in Chinese pinyin is a member of the Long March 2 rocket family , an expendable launch system operated by the People 's Republic of China .
Boende Airport ( IATA : BNB , ICAO : FZGN ) is an airport serving the town of Boende in Équateur Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Countess Teréz Brunszvik de Korompa ( Therese Countess von Brunsvik or Brunswick ) ( July 27 , 1775 , Pozsony , Kingdom of Hungary -- September 23 , 1861 , Pest , Kingdom of Hungary ) was a member of the Hungarian nobility , pedagoge and a follower of the Swiss Pestalozzi .
Vashishtha Narayan Singh is an Indian mathematician from Basantpur , Bihar , India .
Luigi Mazzella ( born on 26 May 1932 in Salerno , Italy ) is an Italian lawyer and former judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy ( 2005 - -2014 ) .
Eusèbe Jaojoby ( born 29 July 1955 ) , commonly known by his surname Jaojoby ( ˈdzodzubʲ ) , is a Malagasy composer and singer of salegy , a musical style of northwestern Madagascar .
Scott Ambrose ( born 23 January 1995 ) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist who rides for Team Novo Nordisk .
Between Valleys ( Portuguese : Entre Vales ) is a Brazilian drama film in co - production with Germany and Uruguay .
Miracles Take Longer was a United Kingdom drama series broadcast on ITV from January 1984 to May 1984 made by Thames Television .
The Elektronika MK-61 ( Russian : Электро́ника МК-61 ) is a third - generation non - BASIC , RPN programmable calculator which was manufactured in the Soviet Union during the years 1983 to 1991 .
The Barber was nominated for nine awards from the Directors Guild of Canada and the Leo Awards :
Alice in Videoland is an electroclash band from Sweden .
The Crop , is set in the early 1980s in Australia , and is about larrikin nightclub owner , Ronnie ' Blade ' Gillette ( George Elliot ) , and his barmaid girlfriend Geraldine ( Holly Brisley ) .
In the Box was a 30-minute preschoolers ' television program which aired in Australia on Network Ten at 8:30 am to 9:00 am , from Monday to Friday .
The Ikv 91 , or Infanterikanonvagn 91 , was a high mobility light tank ( but designated a tank destroyer by Sweden ) that was developed to meet the operational requirements of the Swedish Army .
Madam Cutie On Duty ( Chinese : 師奶MADAM ; Jyutping : Si1 Naai1 MADAM ; literally `` Housewife Madam '' ) is a 2015 Hong Kong modern comedy romance action drama produced by TVB .
Ear to the Ground is a weekly television programme broadcast on Ireland 's RTÉ One on Thursday evenings at 20:30 .
Then called la Maison Givelet , it was purchased by Louis - Victor Revillon in 1839 and soon , as Revillon Frères , became the largest fur company in France .
Choc - tops ( also known as choc bombs in Queensland and Western Australia ) are chocolate - dipped ice - creams popular in Australia and traditionally eaten at the cinema .
The music of Premer Kahini , composed by Jeet Ganguly , was released in India on 15 August 2008.Media partner of Premer Kahini is Bengali Music Channel Sangeet Bangla .
Ansom chek ( Khmer : អន្សមចេក ) is a dessert from Cambodia .
Policegiri recorded an average opening and did extremely poor multiplex business although single screens fared much better where it remained in theatres for three weeks recording 43 ccr after its four week run across India .
The Kaiser roll ( German : Kaisersemmel ) , also called a Vienna roll ( Wiener Kaisersemmel ; as made by hand also : Handsemmel ) or a hard roll , is a typically crusty round bread roll , originally from Austria .
Kink FM described itself as the only commercial radio station in the Netherlands dedicated entirely to alternative music .
Space Amoeba , released in Japan as Gezora , Ganime , Kamēba :
Il manifesto is an Italian language daily newspaper published in Rome , Italy .
A Zippula ( plural : Zippuli ) is fried dough from Calabria , Italy .
Free Sh!t Men is a TV reality show devised by Stephen Wools and Josh Lefers that originated in the Melbourne , Australia .
Gibanica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гибаница , ( ˈɡibanit͡sa ) ) is a traditional pastry dish from Serbia popular all over the Balkans .
First Floor Power is an indie rock band from Sweden .
Kelupis ( which literally translates to ' glutinous rice rolls ' in English ) is a traditional kuih for the Bruneian Malay people in the country of Brunei and in the states of Sabah and Sarawak in East Malaysia .
Bicerin ( pronounced ( bitʃeˈriŋ ) in Piedmontese ) is a traditional hot drink native to Turin , Italy , made of espresso , drinking chocolate and whole milk served layered in a small rounded glass .
Came a Hot Friday is a 1985 New Zealand made comedy film , based on the 1964 novel by Ronald Hugh Morrieson .
Kadhi chawal ( `` yogurt curry with rice '' ) is a popular , rice based dish from India .
Palm wine is known as emu , nkwu , oguro in Nigeria ; nsamba in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ; nsafufuo in Ghana ; kallu in South India ;
Jiří Tancibudek was born at Mnichovo Hradiště , Czechoslovakia ( now in the Czech Republic ) .
Once Upon a Time in China IV is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film and the fourth instalment in the Once Upon a Time in China film series .
Hospital 24/7 is a medical documentary series broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One .
DotEmu is a French video game company created in 2007 by Xavier Liard and Romain Tisserand , with its headquarters in France .
The first six Mr. Men books were published in United Kingdom in 1971 , priced at 20p each .
ASB Business was a half - hour business news programme in New Zealand , with insights into issues affecting the business sector .
Nico Vega is an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles , California , United States , formed in 2005 and consists of lead singer Aja Volkman , guitarist Rich Koehler , and drummer Dan Epand .
Trevor Butler was a contestant and winner of Big Brother Australia Series 4 ( airing in 2004 ) .
The Aeneid was written in a time of major political and social change in Rome , with the fall of the Republic and the Final War of the Roman Republic having torn through society and many Romans ' faith in the `` Greatness of Rome '' severely faltering .
Gene Boy Came Home is a 2007 documentary film by First Nations filmmaker Alanis Obomsawin , produced by the National Film Board of Canada .
Rock Hill Farms Single - Barrel Bourbon Whiskey is a single barrel bourbon whiskey produced in Frankfort , Kentucky by the Sazerac Company .
Vodka Perfect is an international brand of vodka , produced by Renaissance - Perfect , an Israeli based company which operates three large manufacturing facilities in Israel and Romania .
Besides the French Army , numerous other armies have the LRAC F1 in service , especially with former African colonies of France of which it still remains in service with today .
La vie devant nous was the most popular teenage drama in France about a group of high school friends growing up , falling in love , fighting , dealing with troubles , exploring their sexuality and more .
Lucas Callaghan is an Australian reality television series personality collector & dealer in 20th century design who stars alongside Adam McDonald , in Aussie Pickers on A&E Australia .
The producer of these programs , William G. Stewart , had earlier produced a pilot episode for a UK situation comedy series based on a group of tea ladies and resurrected the concept as The Tea Ladies in Australia .
Beat the Boss was a business gameshow broadcast in the United Kingdom as part of the BBC 's children - oriented programming , CBBC .
Le Loup blanc ( The White Wolf ) is a French historical novel by Paul Féval , père , first published in France in 1843 .
Kokonte is a delicacy which is eaten some parts of Africa like Togo , Ghana and others .
The Wig ( Hangul : 가발 ; RR : Gabal ) is 2005 South Korean horror film directed by Won Shin - yeon , and starring Chae Min - seo and Yoo Sun . It was first released on August 12 , 2005 in South Korea and was released onto DVD in the United States in 2008 .
Old Charter is a brand of bourbon whiskey distilled in Frankfort , Kentucky at the Buffalo Trace Distillery , which is part of the Sazerac Company .
A Barefoot Dream ( Hangul : 맨발의 꿈 ; RR : Maenbalui Kkum ) is a 2010 drama film co - production between South Korea and Japan directed by Kim Tae - kyun .
Sajadah Ka'bah is drama Indonesia which was released on 17 November 2011 , directed by Rhoma Irama and starred by Rhoma Irama and Ida Iasha .
Jojo Khalastra appeared on The Comedy Store , a show on Israel Television 's Channel Two , as the iconic Mizrahi ars , a Hebrew slang term derived from Arabic referring to a stereotyped male character who wears flashy jewelry and clothing .
Featuring a majority Asian cast , Food for the Gods premiered on Canadian cable , Shaw Multicultural Channel , Sunday , May 25 , 2008 , as part of SMC 's and ExplorASIAN 's ( a Vancouver - based Asian heritage organization ) salute to Canada 's Asian Heritage Month , which takes place each May.
Among the Great Apes with Michelle Yeoh is a 2009 documentary film made by National Geographic in cooperation with FINAS ( National Film Development Corporation Malaysia ) .
Time Trackers is a children 's television series produced for the Seven Network in ( Australia ) and TV2 in New Zealand The 13 half - hour episodes first screened in 2008 .
Thway ( Burmese : သွေး ) is a 2003 film and the first Japan / Myanmar collaboration .
Fatost is a specialty food from northern Sweden , commonly eaten around Christmas .
Lukhmi ( Urdu : لقمی‎ ) is a typical mince savoury or starter of the cuisine of Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Following the first season in 2000 , production on the The Gavin Crawford Show was temporarily interrupted by Crawford 's participation in the short - lived American sketch comedy series Hype , but resumed when Crawford returned to Canada after Hype 's cancellation , having two further seasons and producing 26 episodes altogether .
Nasty Burgers is a low - budget feature film made in Canada and released to theaters in 1993 .
Webnation is a television show about technology that is aired on CP24 in Toronto , Canada .
Dhokla recipe is a very popular Guajarati dish prepared in almost every household in India .
100 Huntley Street is a Christian daily television talk show and the flagship program of Crossroads Christian Communications based in Burlington , Ontario , Canada .
Barefoot Ki - bong was released in South Korea on 26 April 2006 , and on its opening weekend was ranked second at the box office with 362,023 admissions .
The Carmagnola Grey rabbit is a rare breed from Italy , almost extinct .
Pinolillo ( or pinol ) is a sweet cornmeal and cacao - based traditional drink in Nicaragua .
Barson Baad is a popular drama serial which was shown on the Pakistan Television network in 2006 .
Aksyon ( lit . Action ) , is the flagship national network news program broadcast by TV5 in the Philippines .
F.A.L.T.U ( full expansion : Fakirchand and Lakirchand Trust University , English translation : Useless , Hindi : बेकार ) is a Hindi comedy film directed by Remo D'Souza and produced by Vashu Bhagnani under the banner Puja Entertainment ( India ) Ltd. Its plot heavily borrows from the 2006 Hollywood comedy , Accepted .
Freda ' ( Swedish for Friday ) is a pop group from Gnosjö in Sweden , first active from 1983 - 1993 .
The AUM - N-2 Petrel was an air - to -surface missile produced by the United States of America .
Old Time Buddy ( Chinese : 難兄難弟 ; Jyutping : naan4 hing1 naan4 dai6 ) is a 1997 Hong Kong period comedy television drama created and produced by TVB .
Getting Married in Buffalo Jump is a 1990 Canadian TV movie filmed in Alberta , Canada .
Strikebound is the dramatised story of a coal - miners ' strike in 1930s Australia , in the small south Gippsland town of Korumburra .
Dama y obrero ( English : Lady and Worker ) is a Chilean telenovela produced and broadcast by Televisión Nacional de Chile .
Amaretti di Saronno ( singular amaretto di Saronno ) refer to an amaretto ( almond flavored ) macaroon that is traditional to Saronno , a comune of Lombardy , Italy .
Ngati is a 1987 New Zealand feature film directed by Barry Barclay , written by Tama Poata and produced by John O'Shea .
Cricket is generally believed to have been first played in southern England in the 16th century .
Usapang Business is the business television show created by ABS - CBN News and Current Affairs and aired on ABS - CBN and ABS - CBN News Channel , the format of the weekly newsmagazine program that aired Tuesday nights after The World Tonight features innovative businesses that are on the fast - track in the Philippines .
Slap Bang with Ant & Dec is a television programme that was shown in the United Kingdom on ITV in 2001 .
Mighty Ships is a documentary television program produced by Exploration Production Inc. in Canada and aired on Discovery Channel Canada and also broadcast around the world .
The Conqueror 's Story is a Hong Kong television series based on the events in the Chu--
Roul and Doors ( Utrecht , Netherlands ) is a Dutch DJ and producer duo , known for their own melodic and energetic style of house music .
Do n't Let It Get You is a film made in New Zealand and Sydney , Australia in 1966 .
Macadam Tribu is a 1996 comedy - drama produced by José Zeka Laplaine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Six Reasons Why was commercially released in Canada in August 2007 both as a DVD and theatrically .
Goodbye , 20th Century ! was Macedonia 's submission to the 71st Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film , but was not among the five finalists to achieve the Oscar nomination .
The Kempler video is a film made by Roni Kempler while standing initially at the crime scene at the northeast side of the Tel Aviv City Hall and later on the roof of the `` Gan Ha'ir''-mall overlooking the crime scene before and during the assassination of Prime Minister of Israel Yitzhak Rabin on November 4 , 1995 .
A Stottie cake or stotty is a type of bread that originated in North East England .
Paysage d'Hiver is a one - man ambient black metal band from Schwarzenburg , Canton of Berne , Switzerland .
The Kids from Room 402 is a Canadian animated television series produced by CineGroupe and Saban Entertainment that premiered in 1999 on the Fox Family in the United States , and in 2000 on Teletoon in Canada .
Who Killed Dr Bogle and Mrs Chandler ? is an Australian documentary film about the mysterious deaths of Dr Gilbert Bogle and Mrs Margaret Chandler in Sydney , Australia in 1963 .
Nicole & Hugo are a singing duet from Belgium Nicole Josy ( born October 1946 as Nicole Van Palm , Wemmel ) and Hugo Sigal ( born 10 November 1947 as Hugo Verbraeken , Leopoldstad / Léopoldville ( now Kinshasa ) ) met in 1970 .
Accidental Death of an Anarchist was first staged by Dario Fo and theatre group Collettivo Teatrale La Comune on 5 December 1970 in Varese , Italy .
Comradeship ( German : Kameradschaft , known in France as La Tragédie de la mine ) is a 1931 dramatic directed by Austrian director G. W. Pabst .
Long Night in 1943 , The Long Night of ' 43 or It Happened in ' 43 ( original Italian title - La lunga notte del ' 43 ) is an Italian film of 1960 set during the Allied invasion of Italy and Italian Social Republic in 1943 during the Second World War .
Neatkarīgā Rīta Avīze ( English : Independent Morning Newspaper ) is a Latvian language national daily newspaper in Latvia , published in Riga .
Birds in the Bush ( also known as The Virgin Fellas and Strike It Rich ) is an Australian / United Kingdom situation comedy series produced in 1972 .
M.K. 22 satirically deals with Israel Defense Forces manners and culture , and with general issues of Israeli society and current events in Israel .
Trading Houses is a New Zealand Reality Show where couples trade wives and renovate each other 's house .
Pugs were brought from China to Europe in the sixteenth century and were popularized in Western Europe by the House of Orange of the Netherlands , and the House of Stuart .
Suganth of The Times of India gave 3.5 stars out of 5 and called Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer , `` a return to form for the director after the misfire that was Rajapattai .
Mag TV Na is the brand of regional talk or magazine shows ( as the title suggests ) of different ABS - CBN Regional Network Group stations in the Philippines .
Brem is the traditional fermented food or fermented beverage from Indonesia .
Song of the Exile ( 客途秋恨 , translit . Ke tu qiu hen ) is a 1990 Hong Kong - Taiwanese film , a semi - fictionalised autobiography directed by Ann Hui .
Staminade is the first sports drink to be commercially manufactured and marketed in Australia , available in Australian retail outlets since the late 1970s .
The Drifting Cloud is said to be Japan 's first modern novel , differing greatly from novels in de 17th-18th century in that it focusses not on actions and deeds , but on psychological exploration of the different characters .
HaDerekh LeEin Harod ( Hebrew : הדרך לעין חרוד‎ , lit . The Road to Ein Harod ) was a 1990 Israeli film , adapted from Amos Kenan 's dystopian novel , describing a future civil war in Israel .
Vi ska vinna ! was written in 2001 by Daniel Bäckström , Stefan Enberg , Marko Kristian Lehtosalo ( `` Markoolio '' ) and Hans Schumacher and performed by Markoolio together with the band Excellence , was the fight song for Sweden during the 2002 Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City , Utah , USA .
The Even Chance is the name given to this first film in the United Kingdom , while in the United States it is known as The Duel .
Tofu and its production technique were introduced into Korea and then Japan during the Nara period ( 710 - -794 ) .
Bajadera refers to the commercial preparation of bajadera by the Kraš confectionery company of Zagreb , Croatia .
Hill 24 Does n't Answer ( Hebrew : Giv'a 24 Eina Ona‎ ) , the first feature film produced in Israel , is a 1955 Israeli war film directed by Thorold Dickinson .
Sexual Secrets is a documentary television series which explores various concepts of human sexuality shown on Slice in Canada .
Maud Mulder ( born 17 November 1981 in Nijmegen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch singer who rose to popularity after placing second in Idols Netherlands 2 , the Dutch version of Pop Idol , shown by RTL 4 .
The ' W ' Files ( 衛斯理 ) is a 2003 Hong Kong fantasy - adventure - mystery television period drama serial based on Ni Kuang 's novel series Wisely Series , starring Gallen Lo as Wisely .
Italian Fascism ( Italian : Fascismo Italiano ) , also known simply as Fascism ( Italian : Fascismo ) , is the original fascist ideology , as developed in Italy .
The Marriage of Gustav III ( Swedish : Gustav III : s äktenskap ) is a Swedish television series in two parts built upon a period in the life of King Gustav III of Sweden .
Butterfly and Sword is a 1993 Hong Kong wuxia film loosely based on the novel Liuxing Hudie Jian by Gu Long .
Llapingacho are fried potato cakes that originated in Ecuador .
Winner of three Guldbagge Awards , The Apple War is a popular cult film in Sweden , and referred to as a `` Hasseåtage '' film due to the creators Tage Danielsson and Hasse Alfredson .
Squid Girl , known in Japan as Shinryaku !
Hebe Tien Fu Zhen , a member of a popular Taiwan girl group S.H.E is originally the main female lead ( Li Xiao Xing / Tian Mo Xing ) for Mysterious Incredible Terminator .
The New Adventures of He - Man is an American animated series which ran in syndication in the fall of 1990 while Mattel released the toy line He - Man , an update of their Masters of the Universe line .
Tanner ' 88 is a political mockumentary miniseries written by Garry Trudeau and directed by Robert Altman .
The Merry Drinker is a painting by Frans Hals showing a man wearing a leather jerkin , lace collar and cuffs , and a floppy hat tipped at an angle .
The Fall of New Amsterdam is a historical painting by the American artist Jean Leon Gerome Ferris .
Portrait of Père Tanguy , painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1887 , is one of his three paintings of Julien Tanguy .
The Ambassadors of Agamemnon in the tent of Achilles is an 1801 painting by Jean - Auguste - Dominique Ingres , produced for the Prix de Rome competition .
The Chinese Detective is a British television series , transmitted by the BBC between 1981 and 1982 and created by Ian Kennedy Martin , who had previously devised The Sweeney and Juliet Bravo .
One & Other was a public art project by Antony Gormley , in which 2,400 members of the public occupied the usually vacant fourth plinth in Trafalgar Square , London , for an hour each for 100 days .
View of the World from 9th Avenue ( sometimes A Parochial New Yorker 's View of the World , A New Yorker 's View of the World or simply View of the World ) is a 1976 illustration by Saul Steinberg that served as the cover of the March 29 , 1976 , edition of The New Yorker .
Breton Women at a Pardon ( French : Les Bretonnes au Pardon ) is an 1887 oil on canvas by the French academic painter Pascal Dagnan - Bouveret .
Helena Fourment with Children is a c.1636 painting by Peter Paul Rubens , showing his second wife Helena Fourment with their son Frans ( born 12 July 1633 ) in her arms and their daughter Clara Johanna ( born 18 January 1632 ) standing to their left .
Triple Sensation is a reality television series produced by multi - Tony Award winning producer Garth Drabinsky .
Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima is a historic photograph taken on February 23 , 1945 , by Joe Rosenthal .
The Windsor Beauties are a famous collection of paintings by Sir Peter Lely , painted in the early to mid-1660s .
For Gordon Bunshaft is a 2006 sculpture by Dan Graham , installed at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington , D.C. The work , which refers to American architect Gordon Bunshaft , was installed by the reflection pool of the Sunken Sculpture Garden on May 30 , 2008 .
Big John , Little John was an American Saturday - morning situation comedy , produced by Sherwood Schwartz , which starred Herbert Edelman as `` Big John '' and Robert `` Robbie '' Rist as `` Little John . ''
Spring Frost is an 1919 painting by the Australian artist Elioth Gruner .
Written by Russell T Davies , it tells the story of teenager Tess Hunter and her mother , who move to the seemingly idyllic rural village of Century Falls , only to find that it hides many powerful secrets .
Blue Horses or Die grossen blauen Pferde ( The Large Blue Horses ) is a 1911 painting by German painter and printmaker Franz Marc ( 1880 - -1916 ) .
Sponsa de Libano ( The Bride of Lebanon ) is a painting by the Pre - Raphaelite artist Edward Burne - Jones dated 1891 .
Old Church Tower at Nuenen ( or The Peasants ' Churchyard ) are names given to several oil paintings and drawings created in 1884 and 1885 by Vincent van Gogh .
Mademoiselle Rose ( also Seated Nude ) is a painting by French Romantic artist Eugène Delacroix , regarded as the leader of the French Romantic school .
Freaks and Geeks is an American teen comedy - drama television series , created by Paul Feig with Judd Apatow as executive producer , that aired on NBC during the 1999 - -2000 television season .
John J. Pershing General of the Armies , is a public artwork by American artist Robert White , located at Pershing Park in Washington , D.C. , United States .
In stanza 17 of the Poetic Edda poem Völuspá , the völva reciting the Poem states that Hœnir , Lóðurr and Odin once found Ask and Embla on Land .
The one - hour drama is based on the Rizzoli & Isles series of novels by Tess Gerritsen .
Gwenfritz is a painted steel abstract stabile , by Alexander Calder .
The Gay Liberation Monument is a monument featuring the sculpture Gay Liberation by American artist George Segal , located in Christopher Park along Christopher Street in Manhattan , New York .
The Dick Tracy Show is an American animated television series based on Chester Gould 's comic strip crime fighter .
Courage the Cowardly Dog is an American animated comedy horror television series created by John R. Dilworth for Cartoon Network as part of the network 's Cartoon Cartoons block .
The Waldseemüller map , Universalis Cosmographia , is a printed wall map of the world by German cartographer Martin Waldseemüller , originally published in April 1507 .
His Highness the Prince is an object - sculpture made by Joan Miró in 1974 and now part of the permanent collection of the Joan Miró Foundation in Barcelona .
The Dresden Triptych ( or Virgin and Child with St. Michael and St. Catherine and a Donor , or Triptych of the Virgin and Child ) is a very small hinged - triptych altarpiece by the Early Netherlandish painter Jan van Eyck .
Dirty Jobs is a TV series on the Discovery Channel in which host Mike Rowe is shown performing difficult , strange , disgusting , or messy occupational duties alongside the typical employees .
The Four Philosophers is a 1611 - 12 painting by Peter Paul Rubens .
Child with Toy Hand Grenade in Central Park , New York City , USA ( 1962 ) is a famous photograph by Diane Arbus .
Funky Bones is a public artwork by Atelier Van Lieshout , a Dutch artist collective led by Joep van Lieshout , located in the 100 Acres :
Religion saved by Spain is an oil on canvas painting produced between 1572 - 1575 by the Italian master of the Venetian school , Titian ( c. 1488/(1482 ) -- 1576 ) commemorating the Battle of Lepanto .
La belle ferronnière is a portrait of a woman , usually attributed to Leonardo da Vinci , in the Louvre .
The Three Smiths Statue is a sculpture by Felix Nylund , situated in Helsinki in Three Smiths Square at the intersection of Aleksanterinkatu and Mannerheimintie .
Grlom u jagode ( `` The Unpicked Strawberries '' ) is a 1975 Yugoslavian TV series directed by Srđan Karanović and co - written by Karanović and Rajko Grlić .
UIC Skyspace is a skyspace by James Turrell located at the southwest corner of Roosevelt Road and Halsted Street in Chicago .
Top of the Lake is a mystery drama television series written by Jane Campion and Gerard Lee , and directed by Campion and Garth Davis .
The Ildefonso Altarpiece is a triptych painting by Peter Paul Rubens , dating to between 1630 and 1631 .
The Four Witches ( German : Die Vier Hexen , or Four Naked Women or Four Sorceresses ) is a 1497 engraving by the German Renaissance master Albrecht Dürer .
In Finnish mythology , the Sampo or Sammas was a magical artifact of indeterminate type constructed by Ilmarinen that brought good fortune to its holder .
Portrait of a Kleptomaniac or Portrait of an Insane Person ( French : L'Aliéné or Le Kleptomane ) is an 1822 oil painting by Théodore Géricault .
Still Life and Street is a woodcut print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher which was first printed in March , 1937 .
The Old Fox ( original German title `` Der Alte '' , lit . `` The Old Man '' ) is a German crime drama created by Helmut Ringelmann .
The Watts Towers , Towers of Simon Rodia , or Nuestro Pueblo ( `` our town '' ) are a collection of 17 interconnected sculptural structures within the Simon Rodia State Historic Park in the Watts community of Los Angeles .
The Sampling Officials ( Dutch : De Staalmeesters ) , also called Syndics of the Drapers ' Guild , is a 1662 oil painting by Rembrandt .
The Catch - Up was an Australian daytime live television talk show on the Nine Network created by Mia Freedman .
You 're the Greatest , Charlie Brown is the 18th prime - time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
The Potato Harvest is a painting by the French artist Jean - François Millet .
Gilligan 's Island is an American sitcom created and produced by Sherwood Schwartz via United Artists Television .
Willy Wonka is a character in Roald Dahl 's 1964 children 's novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , its sequel Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator , and the film adaptations of these books that followed .
Matin à Villeneuve , also known as Villeneuve - l'Etang , le matin and From Waters Edge , is a painting created circa 1905 in the Realist tradition with a strong Naturalist component by the French artist Henri Biva ( 1848 - -1929 ) .
Boating on the River Epte ( also known as The Canoe on the Epte ) is an 1890 oil painting by French impressionist artist Claude Monet .
Double Ascension is an abstract sculpture , by Herbert Bayer .
Albert Herring , Op . 39 , is a chamber opera in three acts by Benjamin Britten .
Bridge Tender 's House is a public artwork by American artist Mikyoung Kim , located on the 14th Street Bridge in Washington , D.C. , United States .
An East View of the Great Cataract of Niagara is a historic watercolour of Niagara Falls painted on site by Thomas Davies ( c. 1737 - -1812 ) in 1762 .
Günter Halm ( born 27 August 1922 ) was a German infanteer and the youngest member of the Afrika Korps to be awarded the Knight 's Cross for his bravery in action .
Upul Chandika Hathurusingha ( Sinhalese : චන්දික හතුරුසිංහ ; born 13 September 1968 ) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who is the current coach of the Bangladesh national cricket team , having been appointed in May 2014 .
Hipólito Sánchez Rodríguez ( 1853 - February 4 , 1947 ) - Married with Ignacia Agosto and known by the people as `` Don Polo Sánchez '' , he was the donor of the gold altar of the Catholic Church , actually located in the Cathedral of San Juan .
Irving Peress ( July 31 , 1917 -- November 13 , 2014 ) was a New York City dentist who became a primary target for investigation of alleged communist leanings during the 1954 Army - McCarthy hearings .
Warren Upham ( 8 March 1850 -- 29 January 1934 ) was a geologist , archaeologist , and librarian who is best known for his studies of glacial Lake Agassiz .
Arthur Winton Brown JP ( 27 December 1856 -- 27 July 1916 ) was the Mayor of Wellington , New Zealand in 1886 and 1891 .
Gianluca Grignani ( born 7 April 1972 ) is an Italian rock singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Louis Bazil ( 1695 -- February 20 , 1752 ) was a French merchant and militia officer in New France .
Mykola Karpov ( born 8 July 1929 in Poltava ; died 6 April 2003 in Kiev ) was a Ukrainian playwright .
Dr. Mohua Mukherjee ( born August 1952 ) is a social activist and an author from Kolkata , West Bengal .
Ronny Levy ( Hebrew : רוני לוי‎ ; also spelled Roni ; born 14 November 1966 ) is a former Israeli international football player and now works as a manager .
Aliaksei Ivanou ( Belarusian : Аляксей Іваноў , Russian : Алексей Иванов ) ( born 17 May 1980 ) is a Belarusian cross - country skier who has competed swince 2004 .
Manya Gordon Strunsky ( 1882 - 1945 ) , best known as Manya Gordon , was a Ukrainian - born Jewish - American historian and political activist .
Solomon Haumono ( born 13 October 1975 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand - born Australian professional boxer and former rugby league player of Tongan descent .
Romeo Kambou ( born 13 November 1980 in Upper Volta ) is a Burkinabé international footballer , who last played as striker for Sarawak FA .
Rafael Ponce ( born 22 June 1963 ) is one of the very few Ecuadorian professional golfers who has played on the international golf circuit .
Massimo Grattarola ( 1950 - 2002 ) was an Italian born multidisciplinary engineer & scientist who pioneered the fields of bioelectronics and neurobioengineering ( also referred to as neuroengineering ) , who established Europe 's first Neuroengineering research facility in the mid-1990s .
Richard Bookstaber ( born 1950 ) is the author of Option Pricing and Strategies in Investing and A Demon Of Our Own Design , a book highlighting the fragility of the financial system that occurs from tight coupling and complexity .
Ike Stubblefield ( born June 7 , 1952 in Toledo , Ohio ) , an American musician .
Mohamed Bin Issa Al Jaber ( Arabic محمد بن عيسى الجابر , DIN 31635 Muḥammad bin ʿĪssā al - Ǧābir , born 1959 in Jeddah ) is an Arab businessman and philanthropist .
Kathleen M. Blee ( born 1953 ) is a professor of sociology and associate dean of graduate studies at the University of Pittsburgh .
Craig Clark , ( born 1960 in Santa Monica , California ) is an American animator , an art rock , darkwave musician ( Chorus of Souls on Fluxus Records ) , a comic book artist ( Nemesister and Astrothrill ) , and an album cover artist ( The Nymphs on Geffen Records ) .
Zameer Haider ( Urdu : ضميرحيدر‎ ; born 30 September 1962 , Lahore ) is as an international cricket umpire .
Leonard M. Tannenbaum ( born 1971 ) is the founder and chief executive officer of Fifth Street Asset Management .
Gianni Dal Maso ( born 1954 ) is an Italian mathematician who is active in the fields of partial differential equations , calculus of variations and applied mathematics .
Sannie Charlotte Carlson ( born 11 April 1970 ) , better known as Whigfield and also as Naan , is a Danish born , Italian - based Eurodance singer best known for the song `` Saturday Night '' , which was a hit in 1994 .
Lady Anne Monson ( née Vane ; formerly Hope - Vere ) ( 1726 - -1776 ) was an English botanist and collector of plants and insects .
Märta Allertz ( 1628 -- before 1677 ) , often wrongly referred to as Brita Allerts , was the royal mistress of Charles X of Sweden .
Peter Platt ( born 23 January 1883 in Rotherham , England - died 1921 ) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League .
Spyridon Vasileiadis ( Greek : Σπυρίδων Βασιλειάδης ; 1845 - -1874 ) was a Greek poet and playwright .
Sam Lynch ( born 29 November 1975 in Limerick ) is an Irish rower from St Michael 's Rowing Club .
Brian Heward ( 17 July 1935 -- 21 April 2012 ) was an English professional footballer who made 234 appearances in the Football League playing for Scunthorpe United and Lincoln City .
Wang Lixiong ( Chinese : 王力雄 ; pinyin : Wáng Lìxióng , born 2 May 1953 ) is a Chinese writer and scholar , best known for his political prophecy fiction , Yellow Peril , and for his writings on Tibet and provocative analysis of China 's western region of Xinjiang .
Albert Bernhardt Faust ( 20 April 1870 in Baltimore -- 8 February 1951 ) was a United States German and German - American studies scholar .
Kishalay Bhattacharjee ( born 1969 ) is an Indian , senior journalist and author , executive director Reachout Foundation , Former resident editor NDTV , Chair internal security and senior fellow IDSA , Trainer , and documentary filmmaker .
Símun Samuelsen ( born 21 May 1985 in Vágur ) is a Faroese football striker currently playing for HB Tórshavn after playing in Iceland for some years for Keflavik as a right or left winger but can also play as a second striker .
Lieven Maesschalck ( born 1964 in Zele ) is a Belgian kinesitherapist who worked among others with the Belgian national football team .
Ju Ming ( Chinese : 朱銘 ; pinyin : Zhū Míng ; born 1938 ) is a Taiwanese sculptor who attained fame in Taiwan in the 1970s , and in New York in 1983 .
Alex Peters ( born 31 March 1994 ) is an English professional cyclist who rides for Team Sky .
Nigel Worthington ( born 4 November 1961 ) is a Northern Irish former professional footballer who was most recently the manager of York City .
Oliver Mark ( born 1963 ) is a German photographer , known primarily for work in portraits .
Priscilla Galloway ( born 1930)is an award - winning Canadian children 's literature author and former English teacher .
Dr. Hafiz Saleh Muhammad Alladin ( born 1931 in Hyderabad , India ; died March 20 , 2011 in Amritsar ) was an Indian Ahmadi Muslim astronomer .
Imaye Taga ( Hebrew : אמייה טגה‎ , born 1 February 1985 ) is an Ethiopian - born Israeli footballer who plays for Maccabi Netanya .
Zoran Đurašković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Ђурашковић , born 7 July 1975 ) is a Montenegrin retired footballer .
Michaela Walsh ( born 5 June 1993 ) is an Amateur boxer from Northern Ireland who fights in the flyweight division ( 48 -- 51 kg ) .
Brian Dillon ( 1830 - 17 August 1872 ) was an Irish Republican leader and a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood .
Phillip Hefferton ( July 25 , 1933 - April 2 , 2008 ) was an American pop artist from Detroit , Michigan , known for his paintings of banknotes .
Fr . Antony Thachuparambil was born on 8 December 1894 in Kottat , a suburban village of Chalakudy in Kerala to Poulose and Rosa .
Chuck Canfield ( born 1932 ) is an American business man and former mayor of Rochester , Minnesota .
Tino Pietrogiovanna ( born 19 December 1950 ) is a retired Italian alpine skier .
Amanda Brooks ( born 22 June 1981 ) is an actress who starred in the 2007 film D - War and in the 2006 film Cut Off .
George Ryden ( born 14 July 1940 ) is a Scottish footballer , who played for Dundee , St Johnstone and Stirling Albion .
Rahat Indori ( Urdu : ڈاکٹر راحت اندوری ‎ ) ( Hindi : डॉ. राहत इन्दोरी ) ( born 1 January 1950 ) is an eminent Urdu language poet and a bollywood lyricist .
Bem Le Hunte ( born 1964 ) is a British - Indian - Australian author whose internationally published novels , The Seduction of Silence ( 2001 ) and There , Where the Pepper Grows ( 2006 ) have gained her numerous positive reviews and a wide , appreciative readership in the Eastern and the Western world .
Alberto J. Mora ( born 1951 ) is a former General Counsel of the Navy .
Jim Smallman ( born 11 May 1978 in Leicestershire , England ) is a stand - up comedian , radio presenter , professional wrestling promoter , blogger and voice - over artist .
Aarón Ñíguez Esclápez ( born 26 April 1989 ) , sometimes known simply as Aarón , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club S.C. Braga as a winger .
Anne Kristine Thorsby ( born 13 . May 1962 Oslo ) is a Norwegian visual artist , living in Lillehammer .
Frederick Mors ( 2 October 1889 -- after 1916 ) was an Austrian serial killer who , while employed in a nursing home in New York City , killed eight elderly patients by poisoning .
Jan D'Esopo ( born c. 1934 ) is a painter and sculptor , mainly active in Puerto Rico .
Vítězslav Veselý ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈviːcɛslaf ˈvɛsɛliː ) ) ( born 27 February 1983 ) is a Czech javelin thrower .
Kris LaPoint ( b. 23 January 1953 in Castro Valley , California ) is an American water skier and 9 time National Slalom Champion .
Ronnie Dugger ( born 1931 ) is an American progressive journalist .
Dave McKearney ( born 20 June 1968 ) is an English former footballer .
Kerim Chatty ( born 15 January 1973 ) is a Swedish man who was suspected of attempted hijacking of an aircraft in 2002 .
Gerard Wiekens ( born 25 February 1973 ) is a former Dutch footballer who played for Veendam of the Eerste Divisie .
Professor Splash ( born 1960 ) is the show name of Darren Taylor .
Govind Ballal Deval ( 1855 - 1916 ) was a Marathi playwright from Maharashtra , India .
Susannah Hays ( born 1959 ) is an American artist and educator practicing in the fields of philosophy , ecology , technical processes in historical and contemporary photography and the book as art . She first gained recognition for her work in 2000 when she joined Scott Nichols Gallery in San Francisco .
Stefanos Siontis ( Greek : Στέφανος Σιόντης ; born 4 September 1987 ) is a Greek footballer , who currently plays for Veria .
Tomas Nordin ( born 9 October 1969 in Härnösand , Ångermanland ) is a Swedish curler and world champion .
Adolph Daniel Edward Elmer ( 1870 - -1942 ) was an American botanist and plant collector .
Karamshi Jethabhai Somaiya , born on 16 May 1902 in the remote village of Malunjar in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra , India .
Lauren Beukes ( born 5 June 1976 ) is a South African novelist , short story writer , journalist and television scriptwriter .
Shaker Elsayed ( born in Cairo , Egypt , in 1951 ) is a dual citizen of Egypt and the US , and has been the Imam of the Dar Al - Hijrah mosque in Falls Church , Virginia , since June 1 , 2005 .
Leonidas Kyvelidis ( Greek : Λεωνίδας Κυβελίδης , born 8 February 1986 in Kazakhstan ) is a professional Greek football player , currently playing for Aris .
Caleb Ewan ( born 11 July 1994 ) is an Australian road and track bicycle racer who rides for Orica--
John W. Howe ( 1801 -- December 1 , 1873 ) was a Free Soil and Whig member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
Thomas Prugger ( born 23 October 1971 ) is an Italian snowboarder and Olympic medalist .
Bartholomew O'Shaughnessey , Chief of the Name , born 1789 , alive 1843 .
Edwin Jenkyn ( 18 July 1876 -- 7 May 1947 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Khalil Eideh ( born 8 November 1954 ) is an Australian politician , for the state of Victoria .
John Haswell ( 20 March 1812 - 8 June 1897 ) was an engineer and locomotive designer .
Hamish Glencross ( born 13 February 1978 ) is a Scottish guitarist best known for his work with the English metal band My Dying Bride .
William Orcutt Cushing ( 31 December 1823 -- 19 October 1902 ) was an American Unitarian minister and hymn writer from Hingham , Massachusetts .
David Lloyd Kreeger ( 1909 - -1990 ) was an American art philanthropist , recipient of the 1990 National Medal of Arts Award .
Stefan Karadzha ( Bulgarian : Стефан Караджа ; born Stefan Todorov Dimov , Стефан Тодоров Димов ; 11 May 1840 -- 31 July 1868 ) , was a Bulgarian national hero , a revolutionary from the national liberation movement and a prominent leader of rebellion against the Ottoman Empire .
David Starbuck ( born 6 December 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Seth Tobocman ( born 1958 ) is a radical comic book artist who has been living in Manhattan 's Lower East Side since 1978 .
Júlíus Jónasson ( born 1964 ) is an Icelandic handball player and coach .
Delphine Red Shirt ( born 1957 ) is a Native American author and educator , who is an enrolled member of the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Reservation .
Ayman Shawky Konsowa ( Arabic : أيمن شوقي‎ ) , born on 9 December 1962 , was an Egyptian International Striker who played most of his career with El - Ahly and a short spell with Zamalek SC .
Mohamed Youssef Ibrahim ( Arabic : محمد يوسف إبراهيم‎ ; born 23 January 1947 ) is a former minister of interior in the Egyptian Government .
Greg Stimac ( born 1976 ) is an American artist who lives and works in California .
Malcolm Le Grice ( born May 1940 , Plymouth , United Kingdom ) is a British artist known for his avant - garde film work .
Amr Al - Sulaya ( Arabic : عمرو السولية‎ ) ( born 4 February 1990 ) is an Egyptian football midfielder who plays for Egyptian Premier League side Al Ahly .
Jack Cobden ( born 26 March 1989 ) is an England rugby union player , currently playing with Romanian SuperLiga side CSM Olimpia Bucureşti .
Rabbi Naftoli Trop ( 1871 - -September 24 , 1928 ) was a renowned Talmudist and Talmid Chacham .
Alfred John Agg ( 1830 - -1886 ) was an Australian colonial public servant and Commissioner of Railways , Victoria .
Ulli Wegner ( born 26 April 1942 , in Stettin ) is a German Boxing Coach and a former Amateur boxer .
Gustavus Hamilton , 1st Viscount Boyne PC ( Ire ) ( 1642 -- 16 September 1723 ) was an Irish peer , soldier and politician .
Percy Robert Diggle was born on 27 November 1887 , the son of the Venerable Archdeacon , the Right Reverend John William Diggle , who would later become the Bishop of Carlisle and his second wife Edith Moss , ( the daughter of Gilbert Winter Moss and Eliza Seilliere Zwilchenbart whom he married on 23 April 1884 ) .
Simen Johan ( born 1973 ) is a Scandinavian contemporary artist , photographer and sculptor living in New York City .
Raymond Otim ( born 21 October 1986 ) in Kampala ) is an Ugandan cricketer who played in the 2005 ICC Trophy in Ireland and the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka .
Kjetil Bang - Hansen ( born 16 May 1940 ) is a Norwegian actor , dancer , stage producer and theatre director .
Simone Gozzi ( born 13 April 1986 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a right - back for Serie B team Modena .
Geofrey Massa ( born 19 February 1986 ) is a Ugandan footballer , who currently plays for the Premier Soccer League side University of Pretoria in South Africa .
Anthony Payne ( born 2 August 1936 ) is an English composer , most famous for the work published as Edward Elgar :
Celine Prins ( born 1 August 1984 ) is a Dutch fashion model , actress and entrepreneur .
Hedvig Amalia Charlotta Klinckowström ( 1777 - 1810 ) was a Swedish countess , courtier and artist .
Jay Laga'aia ( born 10 September 1963 ) is a New Zealand - Australian actor and singer .
Derek Stokes ( born 13 September 1939 ) is an English former professional footballer who played for Bradford City and Huddersfield Town during the 1950s and 1960s .
Scott Wainner ( born 1978 ) is an American Internet entrepreneur and angel investor who founded Fareness.com and ResellerRatings .
John Grue ( born 1957 ) is a Norwegian applied mathematician noted for his contributions to marine hydrodynamics and internal waves .
Monika Weiss ( born 1964 , Warsaw ) is a Polish - American contemporary artist based in New York City .
Ulrich W. Schiefer ( born 5 November 1958 in Stuttgart ) Ulrich W. Schiefer is a graduated engineer and Master of Business Administration .
Mohammed Tayeb Al Alawi ( born 13 October 1989 ) is a Bahrain association footballer currently playing for Al - Riffa and the Bahrain national football team as a striker .
Carl Julius Evensen ( 1852 -- 1937 ) was a Norwegian shipmaster and explorer .
Kim Myung - min ( Hangul : 김명민 , born 8 October 1972 ) is a South Korean actor most widely known for playing the title role in the KBS historical TV drama Immortal Admiral Yi Sun - shin .
Philip Donnellan ( 9 February 1924 -- 15 February 1999 ) was an English documentary film - maker .
Philip Osondu Mast ( born , 28 November 1971 ) is a former Nigerian footballer .
Darko Marković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дарко Марковић , born 15 May 1987 ) is a Montenegrin footballer who last played for FK Zeta .
Lada Negrul , ( Russian : Лада Негруль , born April 18 , 1972 ) is a Russian actress and poet .
Valerianus Magnus or Valeriano Magni ( 1586 -- July 20 , 1661 ) was an Italian Capuchin , missionary preacher in Central Europe , polemist and author .
Gitte Haslebo ( born 4 December 1943 , Copenhagen ) is a Danish scientist , author , and organisational psychologist who works as a consultant and offers training courses within a social constructionist framework .
Giles Martin ( born 9 October 1969 ) is an English record producer , songwriter , composer and multi - instrumentalist .
Lawrence Miles ( born 15 March 1972 in Middlesex ) is a science fiction author known for his work on original Doctor Who novels ( for both the Virgin New Adventures and BBC Books series ) and the subsequent spin - off Faction Paradox .
David Martyn Lloyd - Jones ( 20 December 1899 -- 1 March 1981 ) was a Welsh Protestant minister , preacher and medical doctor who was influential in the Reformed wing of the British evangelical movement in the 20th century .
Ken Knabb ( born 1945 ) is an American writer , translator , and radical theorist , known for his translations of Guy Debord and the Situationist International .
Hugo Diemer ( 1870 - -1937 ) was an American engineer , management consultant , and professor at the Penn State University , who in 1910 published the first industrial engineering textbook :
John Colgan , O.F.M. ( Irish Seán Mac Colgan ; c. 1592 -- 15 January 1658 ) , was an Irish Franciscan friar noted as a hagiographer and historian .
Sarah Radclyffe ( born 14 November 1950 ) , sometimes credited as Sarah Radcliffe is a British film producer .
Brett Bowey ( born 31 May 1969 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Sun Dongdong ( Chinese : 孙东东 , born 20 December 1959 ) is the head of Peking University 's forensics department , and also runs Peking University 's judicial expertise centre .
Andrew McKelvey ( October 13 , 1934 -- November 27 , 2008 ) was an American business mogul and former chairman and chief executive of Monster Worldwide .
James Mishler ( born in April , 1969 ) is an American writer and editor , working mostly in the adventure game and comic book industries .
Mahmut Özgener ( born 1963 İzmir ) has been the 38th president of the Turkish Football Federation .
Chen Lihua ( simplified Chinese : 陈丽华 ; traditional Chinese : 陳麗華 ; born 1941 ) , rendered Chan Laiwa in Cantonese , is the founder and chairman of Fuwah International Group , one of Beijing 's largest commercial property developers .
Arlette Ben Hamo ( née Moynié ; born 22 March 1930 ) is a French former track and field athlete who competed in the women 's pentathlon .
Dr. Robert Cane , was born in Kilkenny , Ireland in 1807 .
Humayra Abedin ( born 2 March 1976 ) is a Bangladeshi doctor of medicine who worked for the National Health Service in the United Kingdom and became a cause célèbre after her parents tried to force her into marriage and held her captive until she was freed by court order .
John Maire ( 1703 - -1771 ) was a leading English Roman Catholic conveyancer .
Kurt Stallmann ( born 1964 ) is an American composer who lives and works in Houston , Texas .
Miguel Francis ( born 28 March 1995 ) is an Antiguan and Barbudan sprinter .
Floyd Salas ( born 1931 ) is an American fiction writer and boxer .
Sarah Anne Curzon née Vincent ( 1833 -- November 6 , 1898 ) was a Canadian poet , journalist , editor , and playwright who was one of `` the first women 's rights activists and supporters of liberal feminism '' in Canada .
Mohamed Salama Badi ( born 1966 in El Aaiun , Western Sahara ) is the current Sahrawi ambassador to Timor - Leste .
Bonar Colleano ( 14 March 1924 -- 18 August 1958 ) was an American - born British stage and film actor .
Yalçın Topçu ( born 1957 ) is a Turkish politician and former bureaucrat who served as the Minister of Culture and Tourism in the interim election government formed by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu from 28 August to 17 November 2015 .
Au Kam San ( Chinese : 區錦新 ) ( born 30 April 1957 in Macau with family roots in Xinxing , Guangdong , China ) is a member of Legislative Assembly of Macau .
Glenn Gordon Caron ( born 1954 ) ( sometimes credited as Glenn Caron ) is an American television writer , director and producer , probably best known for the television series Moonlighting in the 1980s and Medium in the 2000s .
Rena Kirdar Sindi ( born 1969 ) is an Iraqi author , socialite and party hostess .
Vincenzo Zappalà ( born 1945 ) is an Italian astronomer .
Betty Wei ( born 1930 ) ( Traditional Chinese : 魏白蒂 ) is a historian and a writer .
Christian Geiger ( born 29 March 1988 ) is an Australian skier and sighted guide for visually impaired skiers .
Donald Quan ( born 1962 ) is a Canadian composer of film and world music , best known for writing the scores to television shows Relic Hunter and Mutant X.
Gholamhossein Karbaschi ( Persian : غلامحسین کرباسچی‎ ) ( born 23 August 1954 ) is an Iranian politician who was the mayor of Tehran from 1989 until 1998 .
Catherine of Brandenburg - Küstrin ( 10 August 1549 -- 30 September 1602 ) was a Margravine of Brandenburg - Küstrin by birth and Electress of Brandenburg by marriage .
Alice Acland was born on 3 February 1849 to Reverend Francis Macaulay Cunningham and Alice Charlotte Poore .
Alibobo Rakhmatullaev ( Uzbek : Алибобо Раҳматуллаев ) ( born 8 February 1991 ) is an Uzbek footballer .
Ali Shettima Monguno ( born 1926 ) is a Nigerian politician and former minister for Internal Affairs and Mines and Power .
Kwang - Chu Chao ( Traditional Chinese : 趙廣緒 ; Simplified Chinese : 赵广绪 ; 1925- ) , is an American chemist and chemical engineer .
Stuart Thom ( born 27 December 1976 ) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town , Oldham Athletic and Scunthorpe United .
Jordan Nobbs ( born 8 December 1992 ) is an English footballer who plays for FA WSL club Arsenal Ladies .
Erika Stürmer - Alex ( * 4 . February 1938 in Wriezen ) is a German artist whose works include wall paintings , panel paintings , printed graphics , collage sculptures , polyester sculptures and installations .
Karlina Leksono Supelli ( born in Jakarta 15 January 1958 ) is an Indonesian philosopher and astronomer .
Ingun Brechan ( born 16 April 1954 ) is a Norwegian sport rower .
Darrell Till ( born 1975 in Blackpool , Lancashire ) is an English singer - songwriter , composer , and author .
Steven L. Abrams ( born in 1958 in Des Moines , Iowa ) is an American politician .
Cillian Sheridan ( born 23 February 1989 ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for Omonia as a Forward .
Gary Tharaldson ( born 1945 ) is an American entrepreneur and founder of the Tharaldson Companies .
Helen K. Garber ( born 1954 ) is an American photographer known mostly for her black - and - white urban landscapes of cities including Los Angeles , San Francisco , New York , Paris , Amsterdam and Venice .
Colum Sands ( born 1951 ) is an Irish singer songwriter who made his first performances and recordings with The Sands Family of County Down .
Hippolito Salviani ( 1514 - -1572 ) was an Italian physician , scholar and naturalist , noted for his Renaissance book Aquatilium animalium historiae , depicting hundreds of Mediterranean fish , some from Illyria , and a few mollusks .
Michael Biber ( born July 1974 in Phoenix , AZ ) is American technologist and industrialist .
Christopher Catherwood ( born 1 March 1955 ) is a British author based in Cambridge , England and , often , in Richmond , Virginia .
Sambaran Banerjee ( born 1 November 1953 ) is a cricket coach , a columnist , TV analyst and was an administrator in the Cricket Association of Bengal .
Putra Arifin Scheunemann ( born 1 May 1987 ) , known professionally as Arifin Putra , is an Indonesian actor .
Dr. Robert Kotler , M.D. FACS , born in 1942 , is an American plastic surgeon .
Giannis Katemis ( Greek : Γιάννης Κατεμής ; born 28 May 1977 ) is a retired Greek professional football defender .
John B. Frank ( born 1956 ) is the Vice Chairman of Oaktree Capital Management , having previously served as Managing Principal .
Silenoz ( born Sven Atle Kopperud on 1 March 1977 ) is a Norwegian guitarist who is a founding member , along with Shagrath and Tjodalv , of the Norwegian symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir which he is the primary songwriter .
Josephine Jacobsen ( 19 August 1908 -- 9 July 2003 ) was an American poet , short story writer , and critic .
David des Granges ( baptised 1611 , d. in or before c.1672 ) was an Anglo - French miniature painter .
Jin Guangping or Aisin - Gioro Hengxu ( 1899 - -1966 ) was a Chinese linguist of Manchu ethnicity who is known for his studies of the Jurchen and Khitan languages and scripts .
Jeffrey Ching ( Chinese : 莊祖欣 ; pinyin : Zhuang Zŭxin ; born 4 November 1965 ) is a British contemporary classical composer , born in the Philippines of Chinese parentage .
Bonnie Arnold ( born 1955 ) is an American film producer who has worked at Walt Disney Feature Animation , Pixar Animation Studios and DreamWorks Animation .
Karl Gottfried Brunotte ( born 2 June 1958 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German composer and music philosopher , particularly noted for his contributions to church music .
Marvin Potzmann ( born 7 December 1993 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SK Sturm Graz in the Austrian Bundesliga .
Sam Hewson ( born 28 November 1988 ) is an English footballer who plays for Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar in Iceland .
Thomas Brokesby ( by 1483 - 1544 or later ) , of the Inner Temple , London and Leicester , was an English politician .
Wissam Ben Yedder ( born 12 August 1990 ) is a French footballer who plays as a centre striker for Toulouse in Ligue 1 .
Britt Hagedorn ( born Britt Reinecke , 2 January 1972 in Hamburg ) is a German model and she also leads the Talk Show Britt --
Curdin Morell ( born 9 July 1963 ) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the late 1980s and the early 1990s .
Chang Deok - soo ( 10 December 1894 -- 2 December 1947 ) was a Korean politician , independence activist , journalist , and political scientist .
Martin Bosma ( born 16 July 1964 in Wormer ) is a Dutch politician and former journalist .
Matthew Head ( born 2 November 1975 in Victoria , Australia ) is a former Australian rules football umpire ( Australian rules football ) in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Morten Skoubo ( born 30 June 1980 ) is a retired Danish professional footballer who last played for Delhi Dynamos .
Arthur Ashin ( born 20 April 1982 ) , better known by his stage name Autre Ne Veut , is an American singer - songwriter and musician from New York City .
Aida Overton Walker ( 14 February 1880 -- 11 October 1914 ) , also billed as Ada Overton Walker and as `` The Queen of the Cakewalk '' , was an African - American vaudeville performer and wife of vaudevillian George Walker .
René Carron ( born 1942 ) is a former president and Chairman of the Board of the French banking group Crédit Agricole .
Vincent Colyer ( 1825 - - July 12 , 1888 ) was an American artist noted for his images of the American West .
Kandiah Neelakandan ( Tamil : கந்தையா நீலகண்டன் ; born 16 April 1947 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer and the lead partner in Neelakandan & Neelakandan ( previosly Murugesu and Neelakandan ) .
Jani Wickholm ( born 20 September 1977 , in Kerava ) is a Finnish pop / rock singer .
April Ashley , MBE ( born 29 April 1935 ) is an English model and restaurant hostess .
Đuro Đaković ( 30 November 1886 in Slavonski Brod -- 25 April 1929 ) was a Yugoslav communist and revolutionary .
Simon L. Leis , Jr. ( born June 1934 ) is a lawyer and local official from Cincinnati , Ohio .
Jean - Marie Ulrich N'Nomo N'Gong ( born 28 February 1996 ) , commonly known simply as Ulrich N'Nomo , is a French footballer who plays for Châteauroux as a striker .
Tathagat Avatar Tulsi ( born 9 September 1987 ) is an Indian physicist , best known as a child prodigy .
Philip Jacob was born on 14 May 1875 in Seoni , India , was educated at Bedford School , at St. John 's College , Cambridge between 1894 and 1897 , and was a rugby blue in 1894 , 1895 and 1896 .
Anna Bogomazova ( born 7 April 1990 ) is a Russian kickboxer , martial artist , professional wrestler and valet .
Dr. Prodosh Aich ( 1933 - - ) is a retired Bengali - Indian professor , formerly of the University of Oldenburg , and the author of several books .
Niall Patterson ( born 2 January 1962 ) is a former hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Antrim senior team .
Thomas Benedict , Sr . ( 1617 -- February 28 , 1689 ) was an early settler in colonial New York , and Connecticut .
Ilija Lalević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Илија Лалевић ; born 26 November 1987 ) is a Montenegrin football .
Miss Polly Rae ( born 8 July 1981 ) is a British singer and dancer who is one of the leading figures on the Neo - burlesque scene .
Waris Dirie ( Somali : Waris Diiriye , Arabic : واريس ديري‎ ) ( born in 1965 ) is a Somali model , author , actress and social activist .
Jürgen Bogs ( born 19 January 1947 in Biesendahlshof ) is a German football manager who managed Berliner FC Dynamo to ten consecutive DDR - Oberliga titles ( 1979 - -1988 ) .
Carl Walker , GC ( born 31 March 1934 ) is an English former police inspector who served in the Lancashire Constabulary until 1982 when he was forced to retire due to injuries sustained in a shooting in Blackpool , an incident after which he was awarded the George Cross .
Ümit Cizre ( born 1946 ) is a Turkish academic , and a leading expert on civilian - military relations in Turkey .
Ted Corbett ( born 1935 ) , is an English cricket writer and sports journalist .
Wang Shizhu ( Chinese : 王士筑 ; born 20 February 1989 ) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the hammer throw .
Miriam Leyderman ( born 1964 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is a pageant titleholder .
Arthur Henry Seymour Clark ( 26 March 1902 at Weston - super - Mare -- 7 March 1995 at Weston - super - Mare ) , was a first - class cricketer who played five times for Somerset in the 1930 English cricket season and set a record that appears not to have been surpassed .
Lída Baarová ( 7 September 1914 -- 27 October 2000 ) was a Czech actress and mistress of Joseph Goebbels , Hitler 's propaganda minister .
James Dietz ( also known as Jim Dietz ; born 1946 ) is a contemporary artist known for his portrayal of historical artwork , particularly of subjects from the First and Second World Wars .
Hal Crowther ( born 1945 ) is an American journalist and essayist .
Alicia Luciano ( born 1983 ) held the title of Miss New Jersey 2002 and competed in the Miss America 2003 Pageant held on September 21 , 2002 , in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Đuro Salaj ( 1889 -- May 20 , 1958 ) was one of the founders of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia and the first president of the United Labour Unions of Yugoslavia .
Gilbert Achcar ( Arabic : جلبير الأشقر‎ ; born 1951 ) is a Lebanese academic , writer , and socialist .
Lagi Dyer ( born 16 April 1972 ) is a Fijian former international footballer who played as a striker .
Sitt Nyein Aye ( Burmese : စစ်ငြိမ်းအေး , IPA : ( sɪʔ ɲéiɴ ʔé ) ; born 24 April 1956 ) is a Burmese artist .
David Bistricer ( born 1949 ) is a New York - based real estate developer and the founder and principal of Clipper Equity .
Abdulrazak Gurnah ( born 1948 in Zanzibar ) is a Tanzanian novelist based in the United Kingdom .
Tatiana Shevtsova ( Russian : Татьяна Шевцова born 1969 ) is a Russian Deputy Minister of Defence and Order of Honour recipient .
Danijay ( born Daniele Zaffiri , 19 April 1977 ) is an Italian Italo dance DJ and artist .
Katarina Marinič ( 30 October 1899 -- 2 September 2010 ) was a Slovenian supercentenarian .
Graeme Bradley ( born 20 March 1964 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 1990s .
Rishab Aiyer Ghosh ( born 1975 ) is a journalist , computer scientist and Open - source software advocate .
Nils Palme ( 26 February 1895 -- 6 January 1963 ) was a Swedish military and landowner .
Michael Charlton ( born 1 May 1927 in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian - born journalist and broadcaster who worked for the BBC in the United Kingdom for many years .
Dalius Čekuolis ( born 29 March 1959 ) is a Lithuanian career diplomat who is Lithuania 's Permanent Representative to the UN since 2006 .
J. Frederick Kelly ( 1888 - -1947 ) was an American architect who has designed significant houses .
Michael Tidser ( born 15 January 1990 ) is a Scottish football player , currently back playing at Greenock Morton after playing for Rotherham United .
Thomas Rymer Jones , FRS ( 1810 -- 10 October 1880 ) was an English surgeon , academic and zoologist .
Paul Pratt ( 25 November 1894 -- 8 May 1967 ) was a Canadian clarinetist , pianist , conductor , music educator , composer , and public administrator .
Charles Venn ( born 24 June 1973 ) , formerly known by the stage names Chucky Venice and Chucky Venn , is an English actor , known for his roles as Ray Dixon in EastEnders , Jacob Masters in Casualty , Curtis Alexander in Sky One 's Dream Team and Tremaine Gidigbi in Footballers ' Wives .
Robert Acquafresca ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈrɔːbert akkwaˈfreska ) ; born 11 September 1987 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Bologna as a striker .
Mátyás Korányi ( also known as Mátyás Kronenberger ; born 1910 ) was a Hungarian international footballer who played professionally in France for Olympique Lillois .
Selina Chow Liang Shuk - yee , GBS , JP ( Chinese : 周梁淑怡 ) ( born 25 January 1945 , Hong Kong ) was a member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong and the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Jürgen Jasperneite ( born 1964 in Nieheim , Germany ) is a German electrical Engineer and Professor for Computer networks at the OWL University in Lemgo , North Rhine - Westphalia .
Guillermo Schmidhuber de la Mora ( born 1943 ) is a Mexican author , playwright , and critic .
Marylène Dosse ( born 23 October 1939 ) is a French - born American classical pianist .
Jake Cook ( born 19 June 1993 ) is a British racing driver , currently competing in the Protyre Formula Renault Championship for Hillspeed .
Guy Berthiaume ( born 1950 ) is a Canadian historian specialized in the study of Classical Antiquity .
Thérèse Kuoh - Moukouri ( born 7 February 1938 ) is a prominent French feminist and author .
Florence Jaugey ( born 22 June 1959 ) is a French movie director , actress , producer , and screenwriter who lives in Nicaragua .
Keren Yedaya ( Hebrew : קרן ידעיה‎ ; born in 1972 ) is an Israeli filmmaker .
Nie Yuan ( born 17 March 1978 ) is a Chinese actor best known for his numerous television performances , some of his more notable roles include :
Juan Carlo Calma ( born 22 May 1981 ) is a newly - emerging young Filipino visual artist and architect .
Valerie Wohlfeld , ( b. 1956 in Sacramento , California ) is an American poet .
Andrea Bovo ( born 14 May 1986 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Salernitana in Serie B.
Laurent Brunet ( born 1967 ) is a French César Award - winning cinematographer for Séraphine ( 2008 ) by Martin Provost .
Abraham Scultetus ( 24 August 1566 -- 24 October 1625 ) was a German professor of theology , and the court preacher for the Elector of the Palatinate Frederick V.
Javed Bashir ( born 8 August 1973 ) is a Pakistani playback singer who is known as master of Hindustani classical music .
Shumi Dechasa ( born 28 May 1989 ) is an Ethiopian - born Bahraini long distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
Solomon Luria ( 1510 -- November 7 , 1573 ) ( Hebrew : שלמה לוריא ) was one of the great Ashkenazic poskim ( decisors of Jewish law ) and teachers of his time .
Thomas Trenchard , 2nd Viscount Trenchard MC ( 15 December 1923 -- 1987 ) was a hereditary peer and junior minister in Margaret Thatcher 's Conservative government from 1979 to 1983 .
Driss Ouadahi ( born 1959 in Casablanca , Morocco ) is a contemporary Algerian painter and architect who trained , works , and lives in Düsseldorf , Germany .
Anastas Kristo ( born 5 July 1985 ) is an Albanian footballer , currently playing for Victorian Premier League team Moreland Zebras .
Dianne Smith ( born 1965 ) is an abstract painter , sculptor , and installation artist .
Fiona Stephens ( born 1986 ) is a camogie player and student .
William Michael Johnston ( born 1936 ) , known as Will Johnston , is an American historian whose field is European intellectual history .
Frank Ochberg , MD ( born 1940 ) , is an acclaimed psychiatrist , a pioneer in trauma science , an educator and the editor of the first text on the treatment of post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
William Segal ( 1904 - -2000 ) was an American magazine publisher and self - taught artist whose work often reflected his interest in Eastern philosophies and religions .
Alvaro Vitali ( Italian pronunciation : ( alˈvaːro viˈtaːli ) ; born 3 February 1950 ) is an Italian actor .
Terry Starr ( born March 1951 ) is a Tsimshian Nation artist from the Gispaxlo'ots tribe of British Columbia , Canada .
Ann Hodgman ( born 1956 ) is an American author of more than forty children 's books as well as several cookbooks and humor books and many magazine articles .
William S. Simon ( born 1960 ) was President and Chief Executive Officer of Walmart U.S. and Executive Vice - President of Wal - Mart Stores , Inc. from June 29 , 2010 to August 8 , 2014 .
Henry Wilson Cook ( born 1949 ) , widely known as Harry Cook , is a British martial artist , teacher , and author .
Kader Klouchi ( born on 1 June 1969 in Tipaza , Algeria ) was a French Olympic long jumper .
Sasha Jackson ( born 1 August 1988 ) is a British actress from Windsor , Berkshire , currently based in Los Angeles .
Charles Bach ( born 5 June 1970 ) is an international illusionist , magician and escape artist .
Volodymyr Selivanov or Vladimir Selivanov ( Ukrainian : Володимир Миколайович Селіванов ; born 5 November 1945 in Izhevsk , Soviet Union , now Russia ) is a Ukrainian jurist , researcher and statesman .
Deborah Elizabeth Vavasseur Barnes ( born 6 October 1956 ) , known since her marriage as Deborah Barnes - Jones , is a British diplomat and administrator .
Pasqual Sanchis Moscardó ( El Genovés , 1963 ) was a Valencian pilota professional player known as Pigat II . Son of the Raspall player Pigat I and brother of Pigat III , Pasqual has been a renowned `` dauer '' in the Escala i corda variety .
Guccio Gucci ( 26 March 1881 -- 2 January 1953 ) was an Italian businessman and fashion designer , the founder of The House of Gucci .
Mary Martha Sherwood ( née Butt ; 6 May 1775 -- 22 September 1851 ) was a prolific and influential writer of children 's literature in 19th - century Britain .
Sudipto Chatterjee ( Bengali : সুদীপ্ত চট্টোপাধ্যায় ; born : 26 July 1964 ) is an Indian performance scholar actor , playwright and poet .
Naftali Blumenthal ( Hebrew : נפתלי בלומנטל‎ , born 1 March 1922 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment from 1981 until 1984 .
Sanjaya Lall ( 13 December 1940 -- 18 June 2005 ) , was a development economist , Professor of Economics and Fellow of Green Templeton College , Oxford University .
Derrick Crothers ( born 24 June 1942 ) is a Northern Irish mathematician , physicist and former politician .
Muhammed Mert ( born 9 February 1995 ) is a Belgian professional football player who plays for Fortuna Sittard in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Herb Curtis ( born 1949 ) is a Canadian novelist and humourist who writes about and has long lived in New Brunswick .
Princess Julia ( born Julia Fodor , 1960 ) is an English DJ and music writer .
Graeme Goodall ( 1932 -- 3 December 2014 ) was an Australian recording engineer and record label owner who was a key figure in the early days of Jamaica 's recording industry , constructing several of the Island 's studios , co - founding Island Records , and operating other labels in the United Kingdom releasing Jamaican music .
Lucy Ogechukwu Ejike ( born 16 October 1977 ) is a Nigerian powerlifter .
Dennis Kipruto Kimetto or Dennis Kipruto Koech ( born 22 January 1984 ) is a Kenyan long distance runner who competes in road running events .
Zhu Qinglai ( simplified Chinese : 诸青来 ; traditional Chinese : 諸青來 ; pinyin : Zhū Qīnglái ; Wade -- Giles : Chu Ching - lai ; born 1881 in Shanghai ) was a politician in the Republic of China .
Professor Jonathan Unger ( born 1946 ) is a journalist and an expert on China .
Jean - Claude Bastos de Morais ( born 1967 in Fribourg ) is an internationally active Swiss - Angolan entrepreneur and investor and has founded and led numerous businesses over the course of his career .
Linsey Dawn McKenzie ( born 7 August 1978 in Brent , Middlesex ) is an English glamour model , pornographic performer , and television personality who made her topless modelling debut in the Sunday Sport tabloid newspaper on her 16th birthday in 1994 .
Taj Burrow ( born 2 June 1978 ) is an Australian professional surfer who , as of March 2014 , is competing in the ASP World Tour .
Daniela Samulski ( born 31 May 1984 ) is a retired German swimmer who won three medals at the 2009 World Championships .
Chris Giannou , CM ( born 1949 ) is a Greek Canadian war surgeon and served chief surgeon for the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) until December 2006 .
John Ripley Forbes ( 25 August 1913 - -26 August 2006 ) was an American naturalist and conservationist who founded hundreds of nature museums for children in over 200 communities and thirty states .
Ieva Gaile ( born 26 January 1997 ) and her twin sister Kristine Gaile are Latvian figure skaters .
George Eric Mackay ( 1851 - 1898 ) was an English minor poet , now remembered as the sponging half - brother of Marie Corelli , the best - selling novelist .
Robert Shearman ( also credited as Rob Shearman ; born 10 February 1970 near London , England ) is an English television , radio , stage play and short story writer .
Keron Thomas ( c. 1975 -- July 22 , 2013 ) is primarily known for posing as New York City Subway motorman `` Regoberto Sabio '' on May 8 , 1993 , and operating an A train in revenue service for over three hours , when he was sixteen years old .
Edward Hawke Locker ( 9 October 1777 , East Malling , Kent - 16 October 1849 , Iver , Buckinghamshire ) was an English watercolourist ( producing works now in the V&A and British Museum ) and administrator of the Royal Naval Hospital , Greenwich .
Lewis Disney Fytche ( 9 October 1738 -- 1822 ) , originally Lewis Disney , often known after his marriage as Disney Fytche , was an English radical and landowner .
Anthony Corrie ( born in Darwin , 22 June 1984 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who had a 56-game Australian Football League ( AFL ) career .
Maria Pia Conte ( born 10 March 1944 ) is an Italian former actress .
Manuel Marras ( born 9 July 1993 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for the third division club Südtirol .
Joern Meissner ( born 1970 ) is a German academic , business consultant , entrepreneur and Professor of Supply Chain Management & Pricing Strategy at Kühne Logistics University in Hamburg .
Ubaldo Vitali ( born 1944 ) is an American silversmith , and conservator .
Marko Lasica ( born 30 April 1988 ) is a Montenegrin handball player for Romanian handball club CH Politehnica Timișoara and the Montenegrin national team .
David McLeish ( born 21 February 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the VFL during the 1970s .
Sredoje Lukić ( born 5 April 1961 , Rujiste , Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian Serb war criminal .
Oluf Høst ( 1884 - -1966 ) was a Danish Expressionist painter , the only member of the Bornholm school who was a native Bornholmer .
Malcolm George Baker ( born 13 August 1947 ) is an Australian spree killer from Terrigal , New South Wales , currently serving six sentences of life imprisonment for the shooting massacre of six people in Terrigal , Bateau Bay and Wyong on the evening of 27 October 1992 ( known as the Central Coast massacre ) .
Nina Carter ( born Penelope Jane Mallet on 4 October 1952 ) is an English former 1970s Page 3 girl and occasional singer .
George Howard Michell AC ( 3 August 1913 - June 26 , 2012 ) was an Australian wool merchant , industrialist and philanthropist .
James Bartholomew Blackwell ( 1763 - unknown ) was an Irish born mercenary and French Army officer serving the First French Republic and later under Napoleon .
Sigismund Ernst Richard Krone was a German naturalist , zoologist , spelunker , archaeologist and researcher born on 18 June 1861 in Dresden , Germany .
John Antwi Duku ( born 6 August 1992 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for the Egyptian side Al Ahly SC in the Egyptian Premier League as a Striker .
Gabor G. Gyukics ( May 9 , 1958)is a Hungarian American poet and literary translator , has been living in the United States since 1988 .
Gregory C. Case ( born 1963 ) is the Chief Executive Officer of Aon plc and has held this position since April 2005 .
Alexis Lemaire ( born 1980 ) is a mental calculation world record holder .
Jennifer Belle ( born 1968 ) is an American novelist , based in New York City .
John Markie ( born 16 December 1944 ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played as a central defender .
Daniel Gerdes ( Latin : Gerdesius ) ( 19 April 1698 -- 11 February 1765 ) was a German Calvinist theologian and historian .
Roberto D'Aversa ( born 12 August 1975 ) is a former Italian football player and current coach .
Douglas Bourgeois ( born 1951 ) is an American sculptor and figurative painter who was born in Gonzales , Louisiana and grew up in St. Amant , Louisiana .
Theodorich Canisius ( 1532 , Nijmegen -- 27 September 1606 , Ingolstadt ) was a Jesuit academic .
Michel Goldman ( born 1 January 1955 ) is a Belgian medical doctor who specialized in internal medicine and immunology .
Eve Morey ( born 4 June 1983 ) is an Australian actress best known for playing Sonya Mitchell in the soap opera Neighbours .
Azar Shiva ( in Persian : آذر شیوا ; born in 1940 ) is an Iranian actress .
Taher Elgamal ( Arabic : طاهر الجمل ) ( born 18 August 1955 ) is an Egyptian cryptographer .
Eli Elbaz ( Hebrew : אלי אלבז born 21 January 1992 ) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Hapoel Haifa .
Nguyễn Hữu Bài ( 28 September 1863 -- 10 July 1935 ) was a Minister of the Interior in the Royal Court of Emperor Bảo Đại .
Abdullah Sadiq , PhD , SI ( born 1940 ) , is a Pakistani physicist and ICTP laureate who received the ICTP Prize in the honour of Nikolay Bogolyubov , in the fields of Mathematics and Solid State Physics in 1987 for his contributions to scientific knowledge in the field of Mathematics and Statistical physics .
Gunnar Sauer ( born 11 June 1964 ) is a German retired footballer who played as a central defender , most notably with Werder Bremen .
Antoine Balland ( 27 August 1751 -- 3 November 1821 ) commanded a French infantry division during the early years of the French Revolutionary Wars .
Bryant Fleming ( 1877 -- September 19 , 1946 ) was a Buffalo , New York - born landscape architect .
Václav Cílek ( born 11 May 1955 ) is Czech geologist , climatologist , writer , philosopher , science popularizer and translator of Tao and Zen texts .
Samuel Fraunces ( circa 1722 , West Indies -- October 10 , 1795 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was an American restaurateur and owner / operator of Fraunces Tavern in New York City .
Ellen Pence ( 1948 -- January 6 , 2012 ) was a scholar and a social activist .
Sir Thomas Dyke Acland , 9th Baronet ( 18 April 1752 -- 17 May 1794 ) of Killerton in Devon and Holnicote in Somerset , was a prominent landowner and member of the West Country gentry .
Antonio Bioni ( 1698 - -1739 ) was an Italian composer best known for his operas .
Born 30 September 1929 in the village of Smokovo in Karditsa regional unit , Vassilis Papazachos studied physics in the University of Athens , Greece .
Angel Jordanov Kapsov ( Bulgarian : Ангел Йорданов Капсов ; 1957 - -2014 ) was a Bulgarian Chalga ( pop - folk ) singer of Romani descent .
Tommy Crow ( 30 June 1887 -- 26 May 1958 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Fabrice Jeandesboz ( born 4 December 1984 ) is a professional French road and former track cyclist , currently riding for Team Europcar .
Joel Rivera ( born October 24 , 1978 ) is a former Majority Leader of the New York City Council .
Ahmed Hussain Macan Markar ( 29 December 1893 - 23 August 1984 ) was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lankan ) lawyer , politician and philanthropist .
Douglas Sloan Harlan , known as Doug Harlan ( 1943 -- November 8 , 2008 ) , was a lawyer , Republican political consultant , journalist , scholar , educator , and local official from San Antonio , Texas .
Donald J. Harrington , C.M. ( born 1945 ) , is an American Catholic priest of the Congregation of the Mission who served as the fifteenth President of St. John 's University in Queens , New York from 1989 until 2013 .
Chrystalief ( born 6 April 1975 ) is a Norwegian , musician , songwriter , producer .
Yella Rottländer ( born 1964 ) is a German television and film actress as well as costume designer .
Francesco Ciullo ( Marghera , 30 September 1979 ) is an Italian professional football player .
Krishnahari Baral ( born 4 January 1954 ) is a Nepali lyricist , songwriter , poet , literary critic , and author who is professor of Nepali at Central Department of Nepali , Tribhuwan University , Kathmandu .
Amelia Marzec ( born 1980 ) is an American Interactive Artist based in New York .
David Howard Adeney ( 3 November 1911 -- 11 May 1994 ) was a British Protestant Christian missionary and university evangelist in China and East Asia .
Connor Menadue ( born 19 September 1996 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Elif Doğan Türkmen ( born 1 January 1962 ) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) , who has served as a Member of Parliament for Adana since 7 June 2015 .
Eugen Matiughin ( born 31 October 1981 ) is a Moldovan international footballer who last played for Dinamo - Auto Tiraspol .
Rüştü Pasha or Rushdi Pasha ( Turkish : Rüştü Paşa , 1872 -- July 13 , 1926 ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army .
Mark Handforth ( born in Hong Kong 1969 ) is a sculptor based in Miami , Florida .
Mohammad Jafar Moradi ( Persian : محمدجعفر مرادی‎ , born 10 April 1990 ) is an Iranian long distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
Brian Pankey ( born 1976 in Springfield , Illinois ) is a juggler and entertainer who holds 2,400 records .
Mochamad Ridwan Kamil ( born 4 October 1971 ) or known by his nickname Emil , is the incumbent Mayor of Bandung .
Finnur Ingólfsson ( born 8 August 1954 ) is an Icelandic politician and former government minister .
Ernest Harold Pickering ( 1881 -- 31 January 1957 ) was a British Liberal Member of Parliament for the Leicester West constituency .
Nikolaos Tsipouras was born on 1 June 1880 ( O.S. ) in the village of Platanos , in Nafpaktia .
Nicolás Echevarría ( born 8 August 1947 ) is a Mexican film director and cinematographer .
James Barss ( 1782 -- November 24 , 1863 ) was a ship owner , sea captain , merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia .
James Apjohn ( 1 September 1796 -- 2 June 1886 ) was the Irish chemist known for the discovery of new minerals .
Sir Vincent Fean KCVO ( born 20 November 1952 ) is a British diplomat .
Derek Charke ( born in 1974 ) is a Canadian classical composer and flutist .
Kate Braverman ( born 1950 Philadelphia ) is an American novelist , short story writer , and poet .
Mahlagha Jambozorg ( Persian : مه‌لقا جام‌بزرگ‎ , born 15 August 1991 ) is an Iranian sports shooter .
Robin Sundin ( born 28 June 1983 ) is a Swedish bandy player who currently plays for Hammarby IF Bandy as a midfielder .
Aykut Anhan ( born 16 December 1985 ) known as Haftbefehl ( meaning `` arrest warrant '' in German ) is a German rapper of Kurdish / Turkish descent born in Offenbach .
Lúcio Wagner Freitas de Souza , known simply as Lúcio Wagner ( born 15 June 1976 ) , is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as a left - back .
Petr Málek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpɛtr̩ ˈmaːlɛk ) ; born 26 November 1961 in Moravský Krumlov ) is a Czech sport shooter .
J. Brent Bill ( born 1951 in Columbus , Ohio ) is an American author who now lives in Mooresville , Indiana .
Maichel J. Marchese ( born 29 July 1988 ) is an Italian assistant director and producer .
Yogi Cameron Alborzian ( born 26 February 1967 ) is a British - Iranian yoga and Ayurveda therapist and former fashion model .
Cees Groot ( 29 June 1932 -- 13 March 1988 ) was a Dutch footballer who played for Heerenveen , Stormvogels , Ajax , Zaanstreek and the Pittsburgh Phantoms during his career .
Per Schwab ( 17 August 1911 -- 2 August 1970 ) was a Swedish / Norwegian painter , scenographer and theatre director .
Anna Ksok ( born 29 September 1983 in Wrocław ) is a retired Polish athlete specialising in the high jump .
Alistair Lord ( born 9 April 1940 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong during the late 1950s to the mid-1960s .
Gilah Yelin Hirsch , ( born 1944 , Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) ; is a multi - disciplinary artist who works as a painter , writer , theorist , photographer , filmmaker and lecturer .
Johann Heinrich Baumann ( Latvian : Johans Heinrihs Baumanis ; 9 February 1753 -- 29 July 1832 ) was a Baltic German artist who mainly lived and worked in what is today Latvia .
Yemi Akinseye George , SAN ( born 1963 ) is a Nigerian professor of public law and president of the Center for Socio - Legal Studies .
Eileen Buckholtz , née Garber ( b. 1949 ) was a United States novelist to from 1982 to 1997 .
Abdullah Ali Sultan Ahmed ( Arabic : عبدالله سلطان‎ ) ( born on 1 October 1963 ) is a UAE football ( soccer ) player who played as a midfielder for the UAE national football team and Al Khaleej Club club in Sharjah .
Emmanuel Chukwudi Eze ( 18 January 1963 -- 30 December 2007 ) was a Nigerian - born American philosopher .
MaVynee Betsch , christened Marvyne Elisabeth Betsch ( January 13 , 1935 - -September 5,2005 ) , was an American environmentalist and an activist .
Mário João Sousa Alves ( born 6 June 1935 ) , known as Mário João , is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a right or left back .
Lap Shun Hui ( Chinese : 許立信 ; Cantonese Yale : Héui Laahp - seun ; born 1955 ) , also known as John Hui , is a Chinese American tech entrepreneur .
Pierre Bensusan ( born 30 October 1957 ) is a French - Algerian guitarist .
Henry Fairs ( born 1976 ) is an English organist .
Sonny Melendrez ( born 1946 ) is an American radio personality .
Glen McCoy ( born 10 April 1954 ) is a writer , speaker and business coach .
Martin Kirketerp Ibsen ( born 13 July 1982 ) is a Danish sailor in the 49er class who sails with Jonas Warrer .
Alexander Lipmann - Kessel , MBE , MC , FRCS ( 19 December 1914 -- 5 June 1986 ) , was a famous orthopaedic surgeon , and wartime medical officer , often known by his nickname of Lippy .
Anzhela Atroshchenko - Kinet ( Belarusian : Анжэла Атрошчанка , Russian : Анжела Атрощенко , born 14 October 1970 ) is a former Turkish athlete of Belarusian descent .
Frederick Vivian Simpson , known as Vivian Simpson ( 23 August 1903 - 1977 ) was a politician in Northern Ireland .
Sir Walter Paveley KG ( 1319 - -1375 ) was an English knight from Kent , a Knight Founder of the Order of the Garter .
Dorothy Kitson ( 1531 -- 1577 ) later , Dorothy , Lady Pakington , was the daughter of Sir Thomas Kitson , a wealthy London merchant and the builder of Hengrave Hall in Suffolk .
Tim Howar ( born 24 November 1969 in Spirit River , Alberta ) is a Canadian actor , singer and dancer , known as a London - based rock vocalist with Mike + the Mechanics .
Zhu Mingguo ( born May 1957 ) is a former Chinese politician of Li ethnic heritage who spent his career in Guangdong , Hainan , and Chongqing .
Adolf Piwarski ( 1817 - -1870 ) was a Polish miniaturist painter and graphic artist .
Fidelis Oyakhilome ( born 13 April 1939 ) was military governor of Rivers State from January 1984 until August 1986 during the administrations of Generals Muhammadu Buhari and Ibrahim Babangida .
Valeen Montenegro Vicente ( born 10 June 1990 ) , commonly known for her stage name as Valeen Montenegro , is a Filipina actress .
Ofer Shitrit ( born 12 July 1970 ) is a retired Israeli footballer and currently an active beach footballer .
Walter Kidd ( born 10 March 1958 ) is a former Scottish professional football player , who played most of his career as right - back for Heart of Midlothian In total , he represented Hearts as a player for 15 years and was a firm favourite with the Hearts support .
Miriam Escofet ( born 1967 ) is a portrait painter living and working in England .
Ray Pilgrim ( born 1936 , London , England ) was one of the most prolific big band singers , radio broadcasters , recording and session singers in Britain in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Wu Zhongxin , or Wu Chung - hsin ( traditional Chinese : 吳忠信 ; simplified Chinese : 吴忠信 ; pinyin : Wú Zhōngxìn ; March 15 , 1884 -- December 16 , 1959 ) was a General and government official of the Republic of China .
Edward Davy Wedge ( 1777 - -1852 ) , brother of John Helder Wedge , became a colonist in Van Diemen 's Land and the Port Phillip District of Australia .
Peter Blusch ( born 11 June 1942 as Peter Bluskowicz ) is a former German footballer .
Lorna Tonks ( born 8 December 1988 ) is an English - born Australian breaststroke swimmer .
Shah Rukh Khan ( born Shahrukh Khan , 2 November 1965 ) , also known as SRK , is an Indian film actor , producer and television personality .
Shaan Rahman ( born 30 December 1979 ) is an Indian music composer and singer , best known for his compositions in Malayalam cinema , with films such as Ee Pattanathil Bhootham , Malarvaadi Arts Club , Thattathin Marayathu , and Om Shanthi Oshaana .
Vassilis Palaiokostas ( Greek : Βασίλης Παλαιοκώστας ) ; born 1966 at Moschofyto , Trikala regional unit is a Greek fugitive who escaped by helicopter twice from the Greek high - security Korydallos prison while serving a 25-year sentence for kidnapping and robbery .
Henry Mollicone ( born 1946 ) is an American composer and musical instructor .
Colin Gordon ( 27 April 1911 -- 4 October 1972 ) was a British actor born in Ceylon .
Reza Rahadian Matulessy ( born 5 March 1987 ) better known as Reza Rahadian is an Indonesian actor who rose to prominence following his role in Perempuan Berkalung Sorban .
Clayon Maduro ( born 5 March 1989 ) is an Aruban international footballer who earned two caps for the national team in 2008 .
Jennifer Crusie ( born 1949 ) is a pseudonym for Jennifer Smith , a bestselling and award winning author of contemporary romance novels .
John of Tella ( or John Bar Qursos ) ( 483 - -538 ) was a monk and bishop in the Near East .
Anaïs Bescond ( born 15 May 1987 ) is a French biathlete and non - commissioned officer .
Shamseddin Hosseini ( born in 1967 ) is an Iranian politician , who served as the minister of economic affairs and finance from 2008 to 2013 .
Yu Hanchao ( simplified Chinese : 于汉超 ; traditional Chinese : 于漢超 ; pinyin : Yú Hànchāo ; born 25 February 1987 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Luigi Tenco ( 21 March 1938 -- 27 January 1967 ) was an Italian singer , songwriter .
Maurice Hayes ( born 8 July 1927 ) is an Irish politician and was an independent member of the 21st and 22nd Seanads , nominated as a senator by the Taoiseach .
Marie Bryant ( November 6 , 1919 -- May 23 , 1978 ) was an American dancer , singer and choreographer , described as `` one of the most vivacious black dancers in the United States '' .
Johan Munck ( born 7 February 1943 ) is a Swedish lawyer and former chairman of the Supreme Court of Sweden ( 2007 - -2010 ) .
Frederick Feirstein ( born 1940 ) is a poet , playwright and psychoanalyst .
Ross Millard ( born 22 July 1982 in Sunderland ) is an English musician and graphic designer , best known as guitarist and vocalist in The Futureheads .
Silvina Milstein ( born in Buenos Aires , 12 February 1956 ) is an Argentine composer and scholar of twentieth - century music , living in the United Kingdom and teaching at King 's College London .
Donald Chisholm ( 1822 -- April 5 , 1890 ) , also known as `` Doc '' Chisholm , was a Canadian Member of Parliament from British Columbia , representing the riding of New Westminster .
John McCloughlin is a lawn and indoor bowler born on 9 March 1958 .
Royston Trocard ( born 17 September 1967 ) is a Dominican - born former cricketer who played for Sint Maarten .
Anthony Blackwood ( born 13 September 1982 in Wales ) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Crusaders in the Super League and the South Wales Scorpions in the Championship 1 .
Lazar Weiner ( Cherkassy , 1897 - Flushing , Queens , March 13 , 1982 ) was an Imperial Russian - born , American - naturalized composer of Yiddish song .
Joseph Godfrey ( 1835 - -1909 ) was an African American who escaped from slavery into a Dakota community in Minnesota , United States , and fought on their side during the Dakota War of 1862 .
Simon Kayserling was a German educator and writer ; born at Hanover 31 August 1834 ; died there 22 April 1898 ; brother of Meyer Kayserling .
Tamara Savage is an American songwriter born in 1979 in California , who started writing songs in 1998 at the age of 19 .
Harry Woodson ( 1852 - October 15 , 1887 ) was a professional boxer , nicknamed The Black Diamond , who was active during the 19th century in the Cincinnati area .
Aashish Khan Debsharma ( born 5 December 1939 ) is an Indian classical musician , a player of the Sarod .
Mahinthrathirat ( Thai : มหินทราธิราช ) ( 1539 - -1569 ) was the King of Ayutthaya kingdom 1564 to 1568 and again in 1569 .
Helene Schmitz is a Swedish photographer born 1960 .
Evangelos Kontogoulidis ( Greek : Ευάγγελος Κοντογουλίδης ; born 13 July 1981 ) is a Greek footballer who is currently playing for AEK Chalkidas .
Olly Smith ( born 18 September 1974 ) is a British TV presenter , wine expert , columnist and author .
George Macan ( 9 September 1853 -- 2 November 1943 ) was an Irish - born lawyer and reporter , and a cricketer who played first - class cricket for Cambridge University between 1872 and 1875 .
Hugh Bicheno ( born 1948 ) is a political risk analyst and an historian of conflict .
Josef Degeorgi ( born 19 January 1960 ) is a former international Austrian footballer .
Judith Stamper ( born 1952 ) is an English former television presenter .
Matt Riggio ( born 14 March 1988 ) is an Australian rules footballer who recently played for the North Melbourne ( the Kangaroos ) in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ilan Shavit ( Hebrew : אילן שביט , born 31 July 1958 ) is an Israeli lawyer , businessman and entrepreneur .
Mike Metheny ( /məˈθiːni/ mə - THEE - nee ; b. 1949 , Lee 's Summit , Missouri ) is an American jazz flugelhornist and music journalist .
Givi Iukuridze ( Georgian : გივი იუკურიძე ) ( born 1956 ) is a retired Georgian major general who served as the Chief of the General Staff of the Georgian Armed Forces from February to August 2004 .
Ramūnas Navardauskas ( born 30 January 1988 ) is a Lithuanian professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam Cannondale .
Nikolay Nikanorovich Belov ( Russian : Никола́й Никано́рович Бело́в ; 6 December 1896 -- 9 August 1941 ) was a Red Army World War II major - general who commanded the 15th Motorized Rifle Division / 15th Rifle Division .
Charles Anthony Peter Duncombe , 6th Baron Feversham ( 3 January 1945 -- 29 March 2009 ) was a British nobleman and writer .
Georges Kazazian ( Arabic : جـورج كازازيان‎ ) ( born 25 Jan 1953 ) is an Egyptian - Armenian composer and oud player .
Johan Stureson ( born 3 August 1973 in Kristianstad ) is a Swedish auto racing driver currently racing in Scandinavian Touring Car Championship for IPS Team Biogas in a Volkswagen Scirocco .
Pedro Juan Rosaly ( b. 21 April 1862 - ca . 1920 ) was Mayor of Ponce , Puerto Rico in 1900 .
Lateysha Grace ( born 25 November 1992 ) is a Welsh television personality and aspiring singer from Port Talbot .
Ramaz Nikolaishvili ( Georgian : რამაზ ნიკოლაიშვილი ) ( born 17 June 1965 ) is a Georgian politician who served as the Minister for Regional Development and Infrastructure of Georgia from 2010 to 2012 .
Vierendrra Lalit ( born in village Dhimahi , Bulendshehr , U.P , on 16 March 1969 ) , is an Indian born Cinematographer and Film Director .
Jean - Baptiste Fritzson ( born 4 January 1986 ) is a Haitian football ( soccer ) player , who currently plays as a Striker for Aigle Noir AC .
Gabriel Gonzalez Pereyra ( 1789 - 1868 ) , Dominican priest , Bajacalifornio guerrilla in Mexican--
Leon Litinetski ( Hebrew : לאון ליטינצקי‎ , born 2 August 1967 ) is an Israeli politician .
Richard Tardy ( born 29 July 1950 ) is a French football manager who has led several clubs and national teams .
Allie B. Latimer ( born 1929 ) was the first woman and the first African American to serve as General Counsel of a major United States federal agency .
Rajesh Agrawal ( born 9 June 1977 ) is a British Indian entrepreneur and philanthropist .
June Carroll ( 1917 -- May 16 , 2004 ) was an American lyricist , singer and actress .
Fely Acuna ( born on 1936 ) is a Filipino actress who made films under LVN Pictures .
Rebecca Lee Lok Sze , MH ( Traditional Chinese : 李樂詩 , born 1944 in Canton ) is an explorer from Hong Kong .
Guy Abend ( Hebrew : גיא אבנד‎ ; born 8 November 1990 ) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Louisville City .
Sun Suzhen ( 孫素真 ) ( 16 October 1895 - 4 April 1975 ) was the 18th matriarch of I - Kuan Tao .
H. Wesley Balk ( 1932 - -2003 ) was an American performance theorist / coach and stage director .
Ester Andujar ( in Spanish , Andújar ) , born 1976 in Valencia , is a Spanish jazz singer notable among the younger generation of Spanish jazz musicians .
Benyamin Cohen ( born 1975 ) was the founder and editor of both Jewsweek and American Jewish Life Magazine He is the author of the memoir My Jesus Year :
Jacques Madubost ( born 6 June 1944 in Dangeau ) is a French former track and field athlete who competed in the high jump .
Gregory M. Herek , Ph.D. ( born 1954 in Omaha , Nebraska ) is a researcher , author , and professor of psychology at the University of California at Davis ( UCD ) .
Teddy Carroll ( born 1894 ) was one of the original factory test riders for the Indian Motocycle company and a member of the first generation of boys who had `` caught the fever '' to race a motorized bicycle .
Armand Traoré ( born 8 October 1989 ) is a professional footballer who plays for Queens Park Rangers as a left back .
Hugh Logue ( born 1949 ) is a Northern Irish former Social Democratic and Labour Party politician and economist who now works as a commentator on political and economic issues .
Irene Manton , FRS ( born Irène Manton ; 17 April 1904 , Kensington -- died 13 May 1988 ) was a British botanist .
Henryk Lipszyc ( born 1941 ) is a Polish scientist of Jewish ancestry , specialist in Japanese culture , theatre and a translator from Japanese .
Carsten Tank ( 24 April 1766 -- 28 January 1832 ) was a Norwegian businessman and politician who served as Norwegian councilor of government of the 1st Ministry ( finance and taxes , March -- November 1814 ) , and later councilor of state of the same ministry .
Wendy Beckett ( born 25 February 1930 ) , better known as Sister Wendy , is a British hermit , consecrated virgin , and art historian who became well known internationally during the 1990s when she presented a series of documentaries for the BBC on the history of art .
Xie Zhiyu ( Simplified Chinese : 谢志宇 ; born 6 May 1987 ) is a Chinese football striker , who plays for Hangzhou Lücheng in the Chinese Super League .
Matías Faray ( born 1979 ) is a cannabis activist from Argentina and member of the West Cannabis Grower Association .
Eggerik Beninga ( 1490 - -1562 ) , also known as Eggeric(k ) Benninga or Benynga , was an East Frisian chronicler and steward of the Leerort Fortress .
Annabel Brooks ( born 1962 ) is a British actress who has appeared on television and in films since the 1980s .
Constantin Budeanu ( 28 February 1886 - 1959 ) was a Romanian electrical engineer who contributed to the analysis of electric networks states and the SI system of units .
Adem Zaplluzha , one of the most prolific Kosovan Albanian poets was born in Prizren in 1943 .
Nikos Vasiliou ( Greek : Νίκος Βασιλείου ; born 1 April 1977 ) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Thrasyvoulos F.C. in the Greek Beta Ethniki .
Grayston Ives ( born 1948 ) is a British composer , singer and choral director .
Denis Mehigan ( born 1890 ) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre - back for the Cork senior team .
Bobbyzio Moore ( born 1955 in Minneapolis , Minnesota as Robert Eldon Arthur Moore ) , is a Saxophonist , Keyboardist , guitarist , Bass Guitarist , Vocalist , Songwriter and Arranger .
Joe Kutchera ( born 1970 ) is an American author , columnist and executive .
Ni Bo ( Chinese : 倪波 ; pinyin : Ní Bō ; born 4 May 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer .
Anna Bogdanova ( born 21 October 1984 ) is a Russian heptathlete .
Lucas Pennacchi ( born 1960 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian artist that works with painting , drawing and engraving .
Hwang Il - su ( Hangul : 황일수 ; born 8 August 1987 ) is a South Korean football player who plays for Sangju Sangmu as a midfielder .
Reinhard Goerdeler ( 26 May 1922 -- 3 January 1996 ) was a German accountant who was instrumental in founding KPMG , the leading international firm of accountants .
Călin Peter Netzer ( Romanian : ( kəˈlin ˈpetər ˈnet͡sər ) ; born 1 May 1975 ) is a Romanian film director .
Dzifa Affainie ( née Smith , born 11 March 1980 ) is a Ghanaian television presenter and anchor .
Sam Heughan ( born 30 April 1980 ) is a Scottish actor , best known for his role as Jamie Fraser in the Starz series Outlander .
Wouter Van Bellingen ( born 20 April 1972 ) is a Flemish politician for the political party Spirit .
Charles Augustus Aiken ( 1827 - -1892 ) was a clergyman and academic .
Shirley Tolentino ( 1943 - -2010 ) was the first black woman to serve on the New Jersey Superior Court and was the first black woman appointed to the Jersey City Municipal Court and to serve as its presiding judge .
Jonathon Morris ( born 20 July 1960 ) is an English actor and former television presenter .
John McArthur , Jr. , was born in Bladenock , Scotland , on 13 May 1823 , and came to the United States with his family when he was ten years old .
Albert Bousser ( 8 February 1906 -- 2 May 1995 ) was a Luxembourgish politician , railway inspector , and trade unionist .
Janette Parris ( born 1962 in West Ham , East London ) is an English contemporary artist who lives and works in London .
Gilbert Gifford ( 1560 - -1590 ) was a double agent who worked for Sir Francis Walsingham and played a role in the uncovering of the Babington Plot .
Viktor Hugo Suolahti ( 7 October 1874 in Hämeenlinna -- 23 February 1944 in Helsinki ) was an early twentieth century Finnish politician , linguist and philologist .
Sissel Lange - Nielsen , née Herlofson ( born 27 January 1931 ) is a Norwegian writer , literary critic , and journalist .
Merritt Conrad Hyers ( 31 July 1933 -- 23 March 2013 ) was an American writer , lecturer , and ordained Presbyterian minister .
Zuzanna Janin , ( born 1961 ) is a Polish visual artist and former teenage actor .
Melvin R. Brown ( born 15 February 1938 ) is a Republican member of the Utah State House of Representatives who lives in Coalville , Utah and represents House District 53 .
Alexandru Găvan ( born 19 May 1982 ) is a Romanian mountain climber .
Anoop Jalota , also known as Anup Jalota , ( born 29 July 1953 ) is an Indian singer and musician , best known for his performances in the Hindu devotional music bhajan and the Urdu form of poetry , ghazal .
Lothair II ( 835 -- August 8 , 869 ) was the king of Lotharingia from 855 until his death .
Gerry Thomas ( 1922 -- 2005 ) was an American salesman sometimes credited with inventing the TV Dinner in 1952 .
Éric Werner ( born 1940 ) is a Swiss philosopher , journalist and essayist .
Ian Button ( born 1962 ) is an English guitarist best known for being in the band Death In Vegas ( 1994 - 2011 ) and The Thrashing Doves ( 1985 - 1991 ) .
Sir John Russell , 3rd Baronet(1632?-1669 ) , first a Royalist , but afterwards a colonel of foot for Parliament and distinguished himself at the Battle of Marston - Moor , and in the Protectorate 's wars in Ireland and Flanders .
Harold Primat ( born 12 June 1975 ) is a French - born Swiss racing driver currently competing in the Blancpain Endurance Series and selected long - distance events such as the Bathurst 12 Hours and Nürburgring 24 Hours .
Father Alexander Sack ( Belorussian : Alyaksandr Sak , born on 14 August 1890 , Novogrudok , Russian Empire - died in 1937 ) was a Belarusian Catholic priest and a Catholic convert from Orthodoxy .
Árni Þór Sigurðsson ( born 30 July 1960 in Reykjavik ) is an Icelandic Ambassador .
Delvene Delaney ( born 26 August 1951 , Queensland ) is an Australian actress and television presenter .
Neal Peres Da Costa ( born 1964 ) is an Australian harpsichordist , fortepianist and organist .
Michel Ducros ( born 1949 ) is a French entrepreneur involved for several decades in established international companies , including Ducros Company , Monaco Marine , and Fauchon .
Nicolae Ciupercă ( 20 April 1882 -- 25 May 1950 ) was a Romanian general during World War II . He served as Minister of Defence from 1938 to 1939 in the government of Miron Cristea , He commanding the 2nd and 4th Armies during the early years of the war .
Irving Rapper ( 16 January 1898 -- 20 December 1999 ) was an England - born American film director .
Usha Thorat , ( born 20 February 1950 ) served as Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) ( India 's central bank ) from 10 November 2005 to 8 November 2010 .
Piet Beertema ( born 22 October 1943 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch Internet pioneer .
Ray Murnane ( 6 September 1937 -- 25 February 2013 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Panagiotis Dourakos ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Ντουράκος ; born 4 November 1952 ) is a Greek fencer .
Ida Noddack ( 25 February 1896 -- 24 September 1978 ) , née Ida Tacke , was a German chemist and physicist .
Nettie Rosenstein ( 1890 - March 13 , 1980 ) was an American fashion designer , based in New York between c.1913 and 1975 .
Ali Abdosh Mohammed ( Amharic : አል አብዶሽ ; born 28 August 1987 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres .
Soweto Kinch ( born 10 January 1978 ) is a British jazz alto saxophonist and rapper .
Marjorie Ann Orbin ( born 29 October 1961 ) is an American woman who murdered her husband Jay Orbin in Phoenix , Arizona on or about September 8 , 2004 , which would have been his 45th birthday .
Naphtali Lewis ( 14 December 1911 -- 11 September 2005 ) was an American papyrologist who published extensively on subjects ranging from the ancient papyrus industry to government in Roman Egypt .
Thalles Lima de Conceição Penha ( born 18 May 1995 ) , simply known as Thalles , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Vasco da Gama .
Martha Ansara ( born 9 September 1942 ) is a documentary filmmaker whose films on social issues have won international prizes and been screened in Australia , the UK , Europe and North America .
Dessie O'Halloran ( born 29 August 1940 ) is an Irish singer and musician .
Oleg Volkov is a Russian pianist , b. 1958 .
Yigal Cohen ( Hebrew : יגאל כהן‎‎ , born 1928 , died 6 December 1988 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1974 and 1988 .
Cristian Diaconescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( kristiˈan di.akoˈnesku ) ; born 2 July 1959 ) is a Romanian jurist and politician .
Esikeli Tonga ( born 5 February 1988 in Dubbo , New South Wales ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who last previously played for the Manly - Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League .
Robert Bailey , Jr. is an American actor ( born 1990 ) , who is best known for his role as the voice of Wybie in the 2009 film , Coraline .
Emmanuel Dorado Rodríguez ( born 28 March 1973 ) is a French retired footballer who played as a central defender , and the current coach of Sainte - Geneviève Sports .
Ernest Marriott was born on 15 January 1857 in Salford , the son of Henry Marriott , Esq . Rowan Lodge , Whalley Range , Manchester .
Yigal Menahem ( Hebrew : יגאל מנחם‎ , born 10 September 1963 ) is a former Israeli footballer that now works as a lawyer .
Born in Ghazipur , India , in 1946 , Afzal Ahmed Syed has lived since 1976 in Karachi , Pakistan , where he works as an entomologist .
AD Singh ( born 20 December 1981 ) is an Indian fashion designer .
Herrman S. Saroni ( February 1824 in Bernburg , Germany -- August 29 , 1900 in Marietta , Ohio ) was an American composer , author , and publisher .
Alastair Clarkson ( born 27 April 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer and the current coach of the Hawthorn Football Club .
Laurence Juber ( born 12 November 1952 ) is an English - born musician .
Abel Evans ( 1675 - -1737 ) was an English clergyman , academic , and poet , a self - conscious follower of John Milton .
Damian Istria ( born 24 August 1982 ) is an Australian artistic gymnast who was commemorated on Australian postage stamps following his gold medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games .
Julie Moos ( born 1966 ) is a Canadian photographer and art writer .
Jaan Tallinn ( born 14 February 1972 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian programmer who participated in the development of Skype in 2002 and FastTrack / Kazaa , a file - sharing application , in 2000 .
Andrew Beirne ( 1771 -- March 16 , 1845 ) was a Congressman from Virginia .
Sam Paul ( 1874 -- January 10 , 1927 ) was an American gambler and underworld figure in New York City at the start of the 20th century .
Troy Brauntuch ( born 1954 Jersey City , New Jersey ) is an American artist .
Shlomo Gazit ( born 1926 ) is a retired Israeli military officer and academic .
Vojislav Vukčević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Војислав Вукчевић ; born 1938 ) was Serbian Minister of the Diaspora .
Louise Lulu Mushama Carter Arfwedson , best known as Lulu Carter , ( born Ann Louise Arfwedsson , 5 April 1961 ) is a Swedish author best known for her work in the television home improvement show Äntligen hemma , broadcast on TV4 .
Manjiri Prabhu ( born 30 September 1964 ) is an Indian author , TV producer and filmmaker .
Frederik Christian Kaas ( 1 December 1727 - 28 March 1804 ) was a Danish naval officer and landowner , brother of Ulrik Christian Kaas .
Sun Herong ( Chinese : 孙和荣 ; born July 1957 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Romy Chibany ( born 1991 ) is a Lebanese beauty pageant who competed at Miss Lebanon 2012 .
Gordon Simmonite ( born 25 April 1957 ) is an English former professional footballer who made 136 appearances in the Football League playing for Sheffield Wednesday , Blackpool and Lincoln City .
Claude Maurice Mulder Bedoya , known as Mauricio Mulder ( born 8 June 1956 , in Lima ) , is a Peruvian politician ( APRA ) , lawyer and journalist .
Mathias Schacht ( born 1977 ) is a German mathematician who specializes in graph theory .
Tali Moreno ( Hebrew : טלי מורנו ; born 28 June 1981 ) is a news anchor and reporter for Hadashot 10 in Israel .
Izet Redžepagić ( 1955 -- 2007 ) was a professional footballer who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey .
Jorge Zentner ( born 1953 ) is an Argentine comic writer and the creator of the Dieter Lumpen character .
Stephanie Patton ( born New Orleans , Louisiana , 1969 ) is a contemporary multimedia artist whose work crosses the realms of photography , sculpture , painting , installation , performance , video , audio and text .
Colin Bass ( born 4 May 1951 ) , is an English musician , award - winning record producer and songwriter .
Barbu Catargiu ( 26 October 1807 - -20 June ( O.S. 8 June ) 1862 ) was a conservative Romanian politician and journalist .
Erich Meyer ( born August 6 , 1951 ) is an Austrian engineer , amateur astronomer and discoverer of asteroids .
Makoto Fujimura ( born 1960 in Boston , USA ) is a 21st - century contemporary artist .
Geoffrey Hubbard ( 22 May 1923 -- June 1998 ) was director of the National Council for Educational Technology ( now called `` British Educational Communications and Technology Agency ; becta ) and Chair of the National Extension College 's trustees from 1989 to his death in June 1998 .
Leon Rose ( born around 1961 ) is an attorney and sports agent , based in New Jersey , near Philadelphia .
Reginald Blore ( born 18 March 1942 in Sesswick , Wales ) is a former Welsh footballer who played as a midfielder .
Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Ali Hassani Baghdadi ( Arabic : السيد علي الحسني البغدادي ) ( born 1954 ) is an Iraqi Twelver Shi'a Marja .
Sarah Maguire ( born 1957 , London ) is a British poet , and translator .
Harald Bjarne Slettebø ( born 1 April 1922 in Egersund ) is a Norwegian school worker and politician ( Fremskrittspartiet ) .
Sergio Blanco ( born 25 November 1981 ) is a Uruguayan football ( soccer ) striker , who is currently playing for Primera División Peruana side Sporting Cristal .
Gitl Schaechter - Viswanath ( born 1958 ) is a Yiddish - language poet who was born in The Bronx , New York , USA .
Ludwig Knaus ( 5 October 1829 -- 7 December 1910 ) was a German genre painter of the younger 7 Düsseldorf school of painting .
Guy Salem ( born 23 August 1984 ) is an Israeli footballer currently playing at Hapoel Jerusalem .
Aliza Olmert ( Hebrew : עליזה אולמרט‎ ; born 1946 ) is an Israeli artist , photographer , author and social worker .
Robin Thompson ( 1931 - -2003 ) was a rugby union international for Ireland and a former British and Irish Lions captain .
Álfrún Gunnlaugsdóttir is an Icelandic writer who was born in Reykjavík on 18 March 1938 .
Joshua Utanga ( born 7 June 1988 ) is a Cook Islands sprint canoeist .
Bernard McBride ( born 1845 , date of death unknown ) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 8th U.S. Cavalry during the Indian Wars .
Eímhín Craddock , former drummer with Galway band , The Saw Doctors , born 1986 .
Dr. Erzsébet Lanczendorfer ( born 20 January 1942 ) is a Hungarian physician and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz--
Andrea Callard ( born Chicago 1950 ) is a media artist long connected with the artists group Colab in New York City .
Hermione Wiltshire ( born 17 April 1963 in London ) is an English sculptor and photographer .
Josh Greenberg ( April 17 , 1987 -- July 19 , 2015 ) was one of the co - founders of music streaming service Grooveshark .
Siv Bråten Lunde ( born 31 December 1960 ) is a former Norwegian biathlete who received five medals in the world championships during her career .
Boaz Zippor ( born 1972 ) is an Israeli artist , photographer , poet , and author , based in Thailand .
Dharshan Munidasa ( born 9 November 1970 ) is a Sri Lankan Chef , Restaurateur and Television Personality .
Ahmed Boulaleh Barreh , also known as Gabayo ( born 1929 ) , is a Djiboutian politician .
George Aiston was born on 11 October 1879 at Burnside , South Australia , the only son of blacksmith James Albert Aiston , and Rebecca née Perry .
Prince Grigol Bagration of Mukhrani ( Georgian : გრიგოლ ბაგრატიონ მუხრანელი ) ( 1787 - -1861 ) was a Georgian nobleman of the House of Mukhrani .
Gavin Lowe ( born 1 March 1995 in Carluke , Scotland ) is a Scottish rugby union player at the Fly Half position .
Thakur Jugal Kishore Sinha ( Hindi : ठाकुर युगल किशोर सिंह ) ( 1908 - -1983 ) was an Indian politician .
Anders Fredriksen ( born 17 February 1981 in Fredrikstad ) is a retired Norwegian professional ice hockey player , who played several seasons for Vålerenga in GET - ligaen .
Adela Amalia Noriega Méndez ( born 24 October 1969 ) , better known as Adela Noriega ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈðela noɾˈjeɣa ) ) , is a Mexican actress .
Justin Frankel ( born 1978 ) is an American computer programmer best known for his work on the Winamp media player application and for inventing the gnutella peer - to - peer network .
Andrew Dickson ( born 1945 in Isleworth , London ) is an English music composer , who won a European Composer Award for his work on the 1988 film High Hopes .
Germán Villar ( b. 1975 ) is a Spanish tenor .
Exsuperius Weston Turnor ( 1831 - -1909 ) was a British land agent .
Adam Powers ( born 22 May 1975 ) is a Danish - American songwriter and music producer .
Jef Elbers ( born 19 September 1947 ) is a Flemish singer , script writer , and political activist .
Cheng Yang - ping , MBE ( Chinese : 鄭仰平 , 19 September 1929 -- 25 July 2014 ) , more commonly known as Y. P. Cheng or just Y.P. , was a Hong Kong simultaneous interpreter .
Sigrid Schultz ( January 5 ( or January 15 according to Wisconsin Historical Society ) , 1893 -- May 14 , 1980 ) was a notable American reporter and war correspondent in an era when women were a rarity in both print and radio journalism .
Marcus Annius Verus Caesar ( after May 162 -- 10 September 169 ) was one of the thirteen children born to Faustina , the wife of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius .
Viktor Knoch ( born 12 December 1989 ) is a Hungarian short - track speed - skater .
Richard Raši ( born 2 April 1971 ) is a Slovak physician and politician for the Direction --
Jonn Penney ( born 17 September 1968 , Quarry Bank , near Stourbridge , West Midlands ) is a musician best known as the lead singer of Ned 's Atomic Dustbin .
Solomon Stanwood Menken ( 1870 - 1954 ) was an attorney in the United States best known for having founded the National Security League .
Anne Gibson , Baroness Gibson of Market Rasen , OBE ( née Tasker ; born 10 December 1940 ) is a British trade unionist and author of several pamphlets about industrial laws .
Alister Smart ( born 1935 ) is an Australian television director whose work includes Sons and Daughters , Richmond Hill and Prisoner .
Martin Ludlow ( born 1964 ) is president and CEO of Bridge Street , Inc. , a strategic projects consulting firm to sports , entertainment , labor , corporate and political entities .
Martin Beaumont ( born 1949 ) is a British businessman who was , until October 2007 , the chief executive of the Co - operative group , today a £ 9.4 billion turnover enterprise employing in excess of 85,000 people across a diverse portfolio of businesses .
Daniel Samper Pizano ( born 8 June 1945 ) is a Colombian lawyer , journalist , and prolific writer .
Sharon Small ( born 1 January 1967 ) is a Scottish actress acclaimed for her dramatic work in film , radio , theatre , and television .
Jacek Andrzej Bukowski ( born 21 October 1970 ) is a Polish politician , current Member of Bydgoszcz City Council who represents the 2nd district .
Mahi Binebine ( Arabic : ماهي بنيبين‎ ) is a Moroccan painter and novelist born in Marrakech in 1959 .
Hans - Joachim Watzke ( born 21 June 1959 ) is a German entrepreneur and football functionary .
James J. Roberts ( born 1947 ) is an American writer , journalist , radio and television news anchor , documentarian , commentator and poet .
Li Yuanyi ( Chinese : 李源一 ; pinyin : Lǐ Yuányī ; born 28 August 1993 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Derek Ashton ( 4 July 1922 -- 1997 ) was an English footballer who played for Aston Villa and Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Štepán Wagner ( born 5 October 1981 ) is a Czech track and field athlete who specialises in the long jump .
Michael Omari ( born 26 July 1993 ) , better known by his stage name Stormzy , is an English rapper and MC .
John Dunch ( 1630 - -1668 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1654 and 1659 .
Sharavyn Gungaadorj ( Mongolian : Шаравын Гунгаадорж , born 2 May 1935 ) is a Mongolian politician and was the 15th Prime Minister of Mongolia ( Chairman of the Council of Ministers ) from March 21 to September 11 , 1990 .
Asif Noorani ( Urdu : آصف نورانی‎ ; born 1942 ) is a Pakistani newspaper and television writer .
Charles Lutaud ( 15 November 1855 -- 27 October 1921 ) was a French administrator who became Governor General of Algeria from 1911 to 1918 .
Sa Dingding ( simplified Chinese : 萨顶顶 ; traditional Chinese : 薩頂頂 ; pinyin : Sà Dǐngdǐng , born Zhou Peng ( 周鹏 ) , 27 December 1983 ) is a Chinese folk singer and songwriter .
Dr John Emsley ( born 1938 ) is a UK popular science writer , broadcaster and academic specialising in chemistry .
Jiang Chaoliang ( Chinese : 蒋超良 ; born August 1957 ) is a Chinese banker and politician .
Rear Admiral ( Junior Grade ) Patrick Duze ( born Athlone , 19 October 1957 ) is a South African Navy officer currently serving as Director Force Preparation at the Joint Operations Division He went to school at Gugulethu and Langa High before becoming in student politics .
Lars Walther ( born 15 October 1965 ) is a former Danish handball player and current handball coach .
Gregg Turkington ( born 25 November 1967 ) is an Australian - born American entertainer and actor , known for his character Neil Hamburger .
Reuben Uther ( 27 March 1791 -- 10 July 1880 ) was a noted Australian merchant and manufacturer .
Rose Livingston ( circa 1885- ? ) , known as the Angel of Chinatown , was a suffragist who worked to free prostitutes and victims of sexual slavery .
Gerda Johner ( born 20 July 1944 ) was a Swiss pair skater .
Hassen Gabsi ( Arabic : حسان القابسي‎ ) ( born 23 February 1974 ) is a Tunisian football right winger .
Pauline Frasca ( born 1 July 1980 in Sale , Victoria ) is an Australian two time world champion rower .
James Whitlow Delano ( born 1960 ) is an American reportage photographer based in Tokyo , Japan .
James Ambrose Cutting ( 1814 - -1867 ) was an American photographer and inventor , sometimes called the inventor of the Ambrotype photographic process .
Mohammad Toha ( Bandung , 1927 - Bandung , March 24 , 1946 ) was an Indonesian guerrilla revered as a hero and martyr for his act of self - sacrifice during the Indonesian National Revolution .
Prohaeresius ( Armenian : Պարույր , Parouyr , Greek : Προαιρέσιος c. 276 -- c. 368 ) was a fourth - century Armenian Christian teacher and rhetorician originally from Caesarea who taught in Athens .
Baxter Dury ( born 18 December 1971 ) is an English indie musician , originally signed to Rough Trade Records .
Lee Purdy ( born 29 May 1987 ) is a retired English boxer from Colchester , Essex , United Kingdom who fights in the welterweight division .
Te Rangi Hīroa , also known as Sir Peter Henry Buck KCMG DSO ( ca . October 1877 -- 1 December 1951 ) , was a prominent member of the Ngāti Mutunga Māori iwi .
Scott McCready ( born 1 February 1977 ) is a British former wide receiver in American football .
Panchen Sonam Dragpa , ( Wylie : Pan - chen bSod - nams grags - pa ) , ( 1478 - 1554 ) was the fifteenth Ganden Tripa or throneholder of Ganden Monastery .
Matthew Hockley ( born 5 June 1982 ) is an English former professional footballer , currently playing for Bideford .
Claire van der Boom ( born 1983 ) is a Logie Award winning Australian film and television actress of Dutch ancestry .
Wolfgang Hugo Rheinhold ( 26 March 1853 -- 2 October 1900 ) was a German sculptor arguably most famous for his Affe mit Schädel ( Ape with Skull ) .
Ron Kaufman ( born 1956 , from Westport , Connecticut , USA ) is a book author , columnist , management consultant , keynote speaker , and founder of the customer service training company , UP !
Jessica Brando ( born Jessica Vitelli 6 December , 1994 ) is an Italian singer .
Yıldıray Baştürk ( Turkish pronunciation : ( jɯɫˈdɯˈɾaj baʃˈtyrk ) , born 24 December 1978 ) is a retired Turkish footballer who last played for English Premier League club Blackburn Rovers in 2010 .
Ralph Bigland ( 29 January 1712 -- 27 March 1784 ) was an English officer of arms , antiquarian and cheesemaker .
Thawar Chand Gehlot ( born 18 May 1948 ) is an Indian politician who serves in the Narendra Modi government as a Cabinet minister in the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment .
Giuseppe Chirichiello ( born 29 October 1948 ) is an Italian economist and professor at the Sapienza Università di Roma ( SUR ) .
Brian Diego Fuentes ( born 4 March 1976 ) is a former professional Argentine football ( soccer ) player .
Steven Lett ( born 1958 ) is an American diplomat and current head of the International Cospas - Sarsat Programme in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Josiah McElheny ( born in 1966 , United States ) is an artist and sculptor , primarily known for his work with glass blowing and assemblages of glass and mirrored glassed objects ( see glass art ) .
Hon . John Wallace Downie CMG ( 1876 - 1940 ) served as High Commissioner of Southern Rhodesia from 1930 to 1935 .
Tory Dent ( Victorine Dent ) ( January 1 , 1958 -- December 30 , 2005 ) was an American poet , art critic , and commentator on the AIDS crisis .
Per Rollum ( 3 December 1928 -- 18 May 2014 ) was a Norwegian alpine skier .
Obinna Nwaneri ( born 18 March 1982 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for ATM in the Malaysia Super League and former Nigerian national team player .
Eric Gagnon , who also goes by the name Easy E ( born on 1 August 1971 in Houston , TX ) is an American bass player , guitarist , and music producer .
Gustave Reininger ( 1950 -- April 19 , 2012 ) was an American scriptwriter who was the co - creator of the NBC TV drama , Crime Story .
Alfredo Rostgaard ( 1943 -- December 27 , 2004 ) was a Cuban graphic designer and artist .
Lea Rakel Hiltunen ( née Lyytikäinen ; born 2 July 1940 in Keitele ) is a Finnish social worker and politician .
Michal Kabelka ( born 4 February 1985 in Lučenec ) is a Slovak athlete competing in the high jump with a career best 2.31 m .
William Joseph Quinn , known as Liam Quinn , ( born 1949 ) is an United States - born former volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army who shot dead Stephen Tibble , an off - duty police officer , in London on 26 February 1975 .
Chen Ti ( simplified Chinese : 陈迪 ; traditional Chinese : 陳迪 ; pinyin : chén dí ; born 3 October 1983 ) is a Taiwanese professional tennis player .
Detlev Grabs ( born 29 October 1960 ) is a researcher in anatomy and cell biology and a retired East German swimmer .
Sivananda Radha Saraswati ( 1911 - -1995 ) was a German yogini who emigrated to Canada and founded Yasodhara Ashram in British Columbia .
Šime Vrsaljko ( pronounced ( ʃiːmê ʋrsaːʎko ) ; born 10 January 1992 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Sassuolo and the Croatian national team .
Donald George Mackay CBE ( 29 June 1870 -- 17 September 1958 ) was an Australian outdoorsman , long - distance cyclist , and explorer who conducted several expeditions to the remotest areas of the Australian continent .
Keith Blake ( born 10 May 1950 ) , better known as Prince Alla ( sometimes Prince Allah or Ras Allah ) is a Jamaican roots reggae singer whose career began in the 1960s , and has continued with a string of releases into the 2000s .
Robert Sanford Havoc Pennington ( born c. 1976 ) is an American computer engineer and entrepreneur .
Sophie Cox ( * 1982 ) is a British judo player from Rochdale , Greater Manchester , England .
Rodd Partridge ( born 30 December 1976 ) is an Australian born retailer and private investor .
Taylor Saghabi ( born 25 December 1990 ) is an Australian - born footballer with heritage from the Cook Islands , who plays as a attacking midfielder for West Ryde Rovers as well as the Cook Islands national football team .
Leandro Costa Miranda Moraes ( born 18 July 1983 ) , commonly known as Leandrão , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Boavista , on loan from Vasco da Gama .
The Reverend Edward Tucker Leeke ( 1842 - -1925 ) was a British clergyman and scholar .
Albert Van den Abeele ( born 18 March 1907 , date of death unknown ) was a Belgian sailor .
Vladimir Semerdzhiev ( Bulgarian : Владимир Семерджиев ; born 27 May 1995 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Slavia Sofia as a midfielder .
Fuk'anggan ( Manchu:ᡶᡠᠺᠠᠩᡤᠠᠨ , Möllendorff : fuk'anggan ; Chinese : 福康安 ; pinyin : Fúkāng'ān ; 1753 - 1796 ) , courtesy name Yaolin ( simplified Chinese : 瑶林 ; traditional Chinese : 瑤林 ; pinyin : Yáolín ) , was a Manchu noble and general of the Qing Dynasty .
Ernst Ruben Lagus ( 12 October 1896 , Hämeenkoski -- 15 July 1959 ) was a Finnish Major General .
Bazon Brock ( born Jürgen Johannes Hermann Brock , 2 June 1936 ) is a German art theorist and critic , multi - media generalist and artist .
Michael James Heney was born on October 24 , 1864 , near Stonecliffe , Renfrew County , Ontario .
Georges Azzi ( born 1984 ) is the co - founder of Helem , a Lebanese non - profit organization working on improving the legal and social status of LGBT people , and is the executive director of the Arab Foundation for Freedoms and Equality .
Rubén Umpiérrez ( born 25 October 1956 ) is a retired Uruguayan football player who played for C.A. Cerro
George Woodman ( born 1932 ) is an American ceramicist , painter , and photographer .
Phyllis McCarthy ( 12 March 1903 Johannesburg -- 16 February 1986 Johannesburg ) was a noted South African breeder of and authority on Rhodesian Ridgeback dogs .
Mir Jalaleddin Kazzazi ( Persian : میر جلال‌الدین کزازی‎ ; born 19 January 1949 ) is an outstanding master of Persian literature and a renowned Iranist .
William F. Creed ( 1845 - November 8 , 1903 ) of Malone , New York , was appointed auditor at the Manhattan Custom House by Daniel Magone , the Collector of the Port of New York .
Brett Leboff ( born 16 February 1979 in Watford , Hertfordshire , England ) is an artist manager and founder of Monumental Music Group .
William Boyd McCleary CMG CVO ( born 30 March 1949 ) is a retired member of HM Diplomatic Service originally from Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Yakov Lidski ( Yiddish : יעקב לידסקי‎ ; 1869 in Slonim , Grodno Governorate , Russia -- June 1 , 1921 in Warsaw , Poland ) was a Warsaw - based Jewish bookseller and publisher , pioneer of Yiddish literature publishing .
Paul Benney ( born London , 30 May 1959 ) is a British artist who rose to international prominence as a contemporary artist whilst living and working in New York in the 1980s and later in the 90s in the UK as an award winning portraitist .
Kelvin Campbell ( born 1952 ) is a South Africa - born architect and urban designer , with a professional interest in complex urban problems , from those of informal settlements through to urban renewal of the city .
Sandra Aleksejeva ( born 3 May 1991 ) is a Latvian BMX racer .
Colonel Thomas Richard Beaumont ( 29 April 1758 -- 31 July 1829 ) of Bretton Hall , Wakefield , Yorkshire , was a British Tory politician and soldier .
Henry Blodget ( born 1966 ) is an American businessman , investor , journalist , and author .
François - Cyrille Grange ( born 1983 ) is a French alpine skier who competed in the early 2000s .
Giuseppe Boghetti ( 1896 - July 1941 ) was an American voice teacher and tenor .
Dato ' Jalaluddin Hassan ( born 18 February 1954 ) is a Malaysian actor and the host of the Malaysian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? in Malay .
Nicholas J. Wheeler ( born 7 April 1962 ) is professor of international politics at the University of Birmingham and co - editor ( with Christian Reus - Smit ) of the Cambridge Studies in International Relations book series , published by Cambridge University Press and the British International Studies Association .
Samsom Gebreyohannes ( born 7 February 1992 ) is an Eritrean long - distance runner who competes in cross country and half marathon races .
Judyth Watson ( born 8 March 1940 ) is an Australian former politician .
Lillian Pitt ( born 1944 ) is a Native American artist from the Columbia River region of the Pacific Northwest .
Wil Harris ( born 20 September 1982 ) is a British entrepreneur based in London .
Bani Basu ( born 11 March 1939 ) is a Bengali Indian author , essayist , critic and poet .
Jean - François Cuennet ( born 1961 ) from Bulle FR is a Swiss ski mountaineer , long distance runner and mountain biker .
Doug Searl ( born 22 March 1947 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Paola Gianturco ( born 1939 ) is an American photojournalist and former business executive .
Ezequiel Adamovsky ( born 1971 ) is an Argentine historian and political activist who has written many articles and books about intellectual history , globalization , anti - capitalism and left - wing politics .
Bhai Mahavir ( born 30 October 1922 in Lahore ) was governor of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh between April 1998 and March 2003 .
He Ping ( Chinese : 何平 ; pinyin : Hé Píng ) ( born 1957 in Shanxi , China ) is a Chinese film director , whose main filmography consists of a hybrid genre of Western - wuxia movies .
Paul Considine ( born 11 June 1962 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League during the 1980s .
Thaddeus Strassberger ( born 1976 ) is an American opera director and scenic designer .
Alfred Morrison ( 1821 - -1897 ) was an English collector , known for his interest in works of art , autographs and manuscripts .
Zoltán Rockenbauer ( born 4 January 1960 ) is a Hungarian ethnologist , art historian and politician , who served as Minister of Culture between 2000 and 2002 .
Brian Herbinson ( born 25 November 1930 ) is a past member of the Canadian Equestrian Team .
Ted Gioia ( born 21 October 1957 ) is an American jazz critic and music historian who wrote The History of Jazz and Delta Blues , both selected as notable books of the year by The New York Times .
Francis Gormley ( 1899 -- 20 December 1974 ) was an Irish politician and soldier .
Ivan Mrkvička ( -Czech , also Jan Václav Mrkvička ; Bulgarian : Иван Мърквичка ) ( 23 April 1856 -- 16 May 1938 ) was a Czech - born painter and an active contributor to the artistic life of newly liberated Bulgaria in the late 19th and early 20th century .
Delia Pemberton ( born 1954 ) is an author and lecturer in Egyptology , formerly with the British Museum and Birkbeck College , University of London , UK .
Andrew Clayton ( born 10 April 1973 ) is an English former competition swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics , world championships and European championships , and swam for England in the Commonwealth Games .
József Sándor ( born 6 August 1892 , date of death unknown ) was a Hungarian wrestler .
Ranjith Kotheri ( born in 1977 ) is a well known art director of Malayalam Film Industry and also in Tamil .
Isagani R. Cruz ( born in 1945 ) is a Filipino writer .
Tetsuro Shigematsu ( born 1971 ) is a Canadian radio broadcaster , comedian and filmmaker .
Tarun Vijay ( born in 1961 ) is an Indian author , thinker , social worker , journalist , and parliamentarian .
Emily Blatch , Baroness Blatch , CBE , PC , FRSA ( 24 July 1937 -- 31 May 2005 ) was a British Conservative politician .
Vonda Kay Van Dyke ( born 1943 ) was crowned the 1965 Miss America on September 13 , 1964 .
Bogusława Knapczyk ( born 8 April 1970 , Szczawnica ) is a Polish slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s .
Daniel Rubinstein ( born 1967 ) is a United States Foreign Service Officer who has served as consul general , the top U.S. official at the Jerusalem consulate and directed the State Department 's Office of Israel and Palestinian Affairs .
Paulo César Silva Martins ( born 20 November 1991 ) is a Brazilian - born East Timorese footballer that currently plays for Songkhla United in the Thai Division 1 League .
Jana Kask ( born 11 November 1991 ) is an Estonian singer and the winner of Eesti otsib superstaari 2008 , the second season of the Estonian version of Pop Idol .
Gong Pixiang ( Chinese character : 公丕祥 ; Pinyin : Gōng Pĭxiáng ; born 1955 ) is a jurist in China .
Guðmundur Gunnarsson ( born 29 October 1945 ) is an Icelandic electrician and union leader .
William Goldring ( May 1854 -- 1919 ) was a landscape architect , and naturalist .
Gil Carlos Rodríguez Iglesias ( born 26 May 1946 ) is a former Spanish judge at the European Court of Justice ( 31 January 1986 - 7 October 2003 ) .
Wes Wise ( born 1929 ) was a three - term mayor of Dallas , Texas from 1971 until 1976 .
Reverend Tadeusz Pacholczyk , Ph.D. ( born 1965 ) is an American Roman Catholic priest , neuroscientist and writer .
Craig Doerge ( born 1947 , in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American keyboard player , songwriter and session musician .
Daryl McMahon ( born 10 October 1983 ) is an Irish former footballer and football manager who is the manager Conference South side Ebbsfleet United .
Rev. Kirby Baxter Holmes was born February 16 , 1908 to Peter C. Holmes and Octavia Leapord - Holmes , in Ennis , Ellis County , Texas .
Ran Morin ( born 1958 ) is an Israeli artist , known for his statues involving full - sized living trees .
Papa Kristo Negovani , born Kristo Harallambi , and also known as Kristo Negovani ( 1875 -- February 12 , 1905 ) was an Albanian nationalist figure , religious leader and writer
Mohammed Al Hadhoud ( Arabic : محمد الهدهود‎ , born 1 January 1985 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer .
Robert Eisler ( 27 April 1882 -- 17 December 1949 ) was an Austrian Jewish historian of art and culture , and Biblical scholar .
Jascha Richter ( born 24 June 1963 ) is a Danish singer - songwriter best known as the lead vocalist and keyboardist of the soft rock band , Michael Learns to Rock where he composes and sings most of their songs .
Pablo Usoz ( born 1968 ) is a Spanish field hockey player and coach .
Joackim Jørgensen ; ( born 20 September 1988 ) is a Norwegian footballer playing for Viking FK .
Joseph Merk ( 18 January 1795 -- 16 July 1852 ) was a noted Austrian cellist , often described as one of the most influential of the first half of the 19th century .
Hans Godo Frabel ( born 1941 in Jena , East Germany ) is an East German -- born lampwork glass blower , now living and working in the US .
Darius Sunawala ( born 05-Jan-1979 ) has been one of Bangalore 's most popular RJs .
WAK ( Kevin A Williams ) is an African- American , born in Chicago , Illinois in July 1965 .
Joseph Gaither Pratt ( 1910 - -1979 ) was an American psychologist who specialized in the field of parapsychology .
Franciszek Ksawery Lubomirski ( 1747 - -1819 ) was a Polish noble , Russian general .
Kyle Thomas ( born 23 June 1983 ) , is a Canadian writer , director , producer , and actor .
Bob Beswick ( born 8 December 1984 ) is an English - born Irish international rugby league player .
Elizabeth Ashbridge ( née Sampson ; 1713 -- May 16 , 1755 ) was an 18th - century New England Quaker minister and autobiographer born in Cheshire , England .
Jens Olof Lasthein ( born 1964 ) is a Swedish freelance photographer .
Mark Beardshall ( born 10 January 1962 in Barnsley , Yorkshire , England ) was an English cricketer .
Randy'L He - dow Teton ( born 1976 ) is the Shoshone woman who posed as the model for the US Sacagawea dollar coin , first issued in 2000 .
Jayen Varma ( born 3 February 1961 ) is an Indian electric bass player .
Hans Goksøyr ( born 10 February 1923 ) is a Norwegian businessperson in the petroleum industry .
Jugoslav Vlahović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Југослав Влаховић , born 1949 ) is a Serbian artist , illustrator , photographer and a former rock musician .
Paul Morton Alistair Phillips - Davies ( born July 1967 ) is a British businessman , who has been the chief executive officer ( CEO ) of SSE plc , a FTSE 100 electric utility company , since 1 July 2013 , succeeding Ian Marchant .
Joel Thomas Hynes ( born 1976 in Calvert , Newfoundland and Labrador ) is a Canadian writer , performer and actor .
Jaclyn Miles ( born 1988 ) is a woman from Amherstburg , Ontario , Canada .
Abdul Ali ( Bengali : আব্দুল জ়াক ; born 6 May 1969 ) , better known as Ali Jacko ( Bengali : আলি জ়াক ) , is an English former professional kickboxer who was two - time world lightweight kick - boxing champion .
Hiroyuki Kajihara ( born 28 September 1966 in Yamanashi , Japan ) is a former rugby union footballer who played for Japan .
Chiao Li Na or Lisa Chiao Chiao , often credited Chiao Chiao ( Chinese : 焦姣 ; pinyin : Jiāo Jiāo ; born 6 March 1943 ) , is a Taiwanese film actress best known for her work in Hong Kong cinema .
Gottlieb Burian was born in Hussinetz , Lower Silesia , Prussia ( now Gęsiniec , Poland ) on 26 March 1837 .
Major John Taubman ( 1746 - -1822 ) was a Manx politician .
Ünal Aysal ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈynɑɫ ɑjˈsɑɫ ) , born 2 June 1941 ) is a Turkish businessman .
Vânia Dantas Leite ( born 13 August 1945 ) is a Brazilian pianist , conductor , music educator and composer .
Yang Amat Mulia Pengiran Anak Khairul Khalil ( born 28 February 1975 ) is the eldest son and second child of Pengiran Syed Haji Jaafari bin Pengiran Syed Haji Mashor and Hajah Dayang Sarabanun bini Haji Abdi Manaf .
Bartley John Homewood ( 1932 -- June 1991 ) was an English former football referee in the Football League and for FIFA .
Joseph Agbeko ( born 22 March 1980 ) is a Ghanaian professional boxer and former IBF bantamweight champion .
Wilfred Kirochi ( born 12 December 1969 ) is a former Kenyan middle distance runner who won a silver medal at the 1991 World Championships in Tokyo in the 1500 m event .
Jens Martin Skibsted ( born 28 June 1970 ) is a Danish designer , brands expert and entrepreneur .
Arie de Geus ( born 1930 ) is a Dutch business executive and business theorist , who was the head of Shell Oil Company 's Strategic Planning Group and is a public speaker .
America Meredith was born in 1972 to Howard Meredith , a Cherokee author and American Indian Studies professor , and Mary Ellen Meredith , a Cherokee museum director and curator .
Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech ( 1723 April 1774 ) was Regent of Rohilkhand in North India , from 1749 to 1774 .
Daniele Battaglia ( born 21 July 1981 ) is an Italian singer and television personality .
Herman Vermeulen ( born 10 November 1954 ) is a former Belgian football player and currently unemployed manager .
Gabriel Ruhumbika ( born 1938 ) is a Tanzanian novelist , short story writer , translator and academic .
Mohamed Nazzal al - Armouti ( 16 July 1924 -- 19 August 2015 ) was a Jordanian civil servant , diplomat and politician .
Epp Mäe ( born 2 April 1992 ) is an Estonian freestyle , judo and sumo wrestler .
Montague Russell Page ( 1 November 1906 -- 4 January 1985 ) was a British gardener , garden designer and landscape architect .
Hélio Monteiro Batista ( born 28 January 1990 ) , commonly known as Hélio is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for Moldovan club Zimbru Chișinău in Moldovan National Division .
Ni Zhiqin ( Chinese : 倪志钦 ; pinyin : Ní Zhìqīn ; born 14 April 1942 in Quanzhou ) often referred to as Ni Chih - Chin , is a retired Chinese high jumper .
Małgorzata Ostrowska ( born 31 July 1958 ) is a Polish political figure who served as a member of the Sejm of Poland from 19 September 1993 to 4 November 2007 .
Knut Agathon Wallenberg , ( 19 May 1853 - 1 June 1938 ) , was a Swedish banker and politician , he was also Knight of the Order of the Seraphim .
Jamie Morrison ( born 30 June 1984 ) is a British musician and producer , best known as the drummer in Welsh band the Stereophonics , .
Robert Boyed Mitchell ( 19 December 1919 -- 19 March 2002 ) is an Australian artist who dedicated his life to his art practice without getting recognition during his lifetime .
Salmir Kaplan ( born 26 June 1981 ) is the Minister of Culture and Sports in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Matthew McKeon ( October 26 1924 - November 11 , 2003 ) was a Corporal who had once been a Staff Sergeant in the United States Marine Corps who gained notoriety during the Ribbon Creek incident which occurred at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island , South Carolina , on April 8 , 1956 .
Pak Se - ri or Se - ri Pak ( Korean : 박세리 , Korean pronunciation : ( paːk sʰeːɾi ) ; born 28 September 1977 ) is a South Korean professional golfer on the LPGA Tour .
Thachil Matthoo Tharakan ( 1741 - -1814 ) played a key role in the history of Kerala / Travancore / Cochin in India towards the latter part of the 18th century and early 19th century .
Anthony Askew ( 1722 - -1774 ) was an English physician and is best known for having been a book collector .
Svitlana Pyrkalo ( born 18 July 1976 , in Poltava , Ukrainian SSR ) is a London - based writer , journalist and translator who writes in Ukrainian , English and Russian .
Thea Holme ( 1904 - -1980 ) was an actor and writer .
Andrea Pizzitola ( born 19 June 1992 ) is a professional French racing driver .
James Kelman ( born 9 June 1946 ) is an influential Scottish writer of novels , short stories , plays , and political essays .
Gustav Radbruch ( 21 November 1878 -- 23 November 1949 ) was a German legal scholar and politician .
Peter Wolf Toth ( born December 1947 ) is a Hungarian - born sculptor , who immigrated to the United States and settled in Akron , Ohio .
Henry Hungerford ( 23 July 1611 -- 27 May 1673 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1645 and 1660 , Hungerford was the son of Sir Anthony Hungerford of Stock , Wiltshire .
Anita Fields ( born 1951 ) is a Native American artist from the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Willem van der Vliet ( ca . 1584 -- 6 December 1642 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Said Ahmed Shah ( born 28 April 1940 ) is a former Pakistani cricket umpire .
Fhumulani Wiseman Kamanga ( born 14 November 1991 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , who most recently played provincial rugby with Griquas .
Rainer Hartleb ( born 29 February 1944 in Hildburghausen , Germany ) is a German - Swedish director of documentary films .
Dorina Vaccaroni ( born 24 September 1964 in Mestre ) is an Italian fencer competing in the foil .
Kenan Çoban ( born 22 January 1975 , Elazig ) is a Turkish actor who is known for playing the role of Abdülhey Çoban in the Valley of the Wolves .
Benjamin Fuchs ( born 20 October 1983 ) is an Austrian footballer , who also holds German citizenship .
Helen Sandy Pflueger Phillips ( born 1954 ) is an American equestrienne .
Michael Farr ( born 1953 ) is a British expert on the comic series The Adventures of Tintin and its creator , Hergé .
Sweet Dick Whittington ( born 1934 ) is a long - time disc jockey in Los Angeles , who has also appeared as an actor in movies and on television .
Seán O'Neill ( born 1938 , Newry ) is a former Irish sportsperson .
Louise de Montmorency ( 1496 - -1547 ) was a French noblewoman from the ancient House of Montmorency .
Robert D. Rucker ( born 1952 ) is the 105th justice appointed to the Indiana Supreme Court .
Raymond Lema A'nsi Nzinga , known as Ray Lema , is a Congolese ( DRC ) musician , born 30 March 1946 in Lufu - Toto , Bas - Congo Province .
Lt . Colonel John Bond , Jr. ( 1770 − October 22 , 1862 ) was an American military officer , Mississippi pioneer , and Mississippi Legislator .
Willemijn Verloop ( Utrecht , 14 February 1970 ) is a Dutch peace activist dedicated to children affected by war .
Abdul Hadi Arghandiwal ( born 1952 ) is Afghanistan 's Minister of Economy , and the Head of Hezb - i Islami Afghanistan .
Merrick Watts ( born 18 November 1973 ) is an Australian comedian , radio host and television presenter .
Rinaldo Alessandrini ( born 25 January 1960 ) is a virtuoso on Baroque keyboards , including harpsichord , fortepiano , and organ .
Lisiate Tafa ( born 10 October 1979 in Ha'apai , Tonga ) is an inside / outside center and utility who plays rugby union football for English club Sedgley Park in the National One Division and Tonga .
Alain Bravo ( born 1945 ) is a French electrical engineer and entrepreneur .
Movlud Suleymanli , ( Balakishiyev Movlud , the son of Suleyman ) ( born 18 March 1943 ) is an Azerbaijani prose writer , dramatist , screenwriter and film adviser .
Darin Todorov ( Bulgarian : Дарин Тодоров ) ( born 4 December 1988 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing for Spartak Varna as a striker .
Percy Gibb ( 6 December 1881 - 2 November 1940 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Benoît Poirier d'Ambreville ( born 1970 ) is a French stylist / colorist , entrepreneur , television celebrity , and former model .
Árpád Csonka ( born 24 August 1991 ) is a Slovak football striker of Hungarian ethnicity who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda .
Branko Pavlović ( Бранко Павловић ) ( Born 11 June 1960 ) is a Serbian politician and lawyer .
Mehmet Harmancı ( born 1977 ) is the current mayor of the Nicosia Turkish Municipality , the local government of the Turkish Cypriot capital North Nicosia .
Dr Gabriel Mar Gregorios ( born 26 February 1949 ) is Metropolitan of the Diocese of Thiruvananthapuram of the Indian ( Malankara ) Orthodox Church .
Zeev Rosenstein ( Hebrew : זאב רוזנשטיין‎ ; born 1954 ) is an infamous Israeli mob boss and drug trafficker .
Fareeda Mehta ( born July 1959 ) is an Indian film director who makes short films , documentaries and feature films .
Henry of Opole ( Polish : Henryk opolski ; b. c. 18 August 1338 -- d. c. 23 October 1365 ) , was a Duke of Opole from 1356 until his death .
Sir Rama Varma XIV KCSI ( 1848 - -1888 ) was the ruler of the Kingdom of Cochin from 1864 to 1888 .
Ong Hok Ham ( 1 May 1933 -- 30 August 2007 ) was an eminent Chinese Indonesian historian considered one of the leading experts on Indonesian history during the 19th century Dutch colonial rule .
Pierre - Antoine Tabeau ( 11 October 1782 -- May 18 , 1835 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and vicar general .
Samir Moussaoui ( born 15 May 1975 in Bordj Bou - Azzéridj ) is an Algerian long - distance runner who specializes in the 5000 and 10,000 metres .
Ahmet Fuat Bulca ( 1881 -- September 14 , 1962 ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and Turkish Army and a Turkish politician .
Connor Dantzler ( born 23 February 1994 ) , of Damascus , Maryland , is an accomplished American amateur athlete .
Joseph Boum ( born 26 September 1989 ) is a Camoronese footballer who plays for Gaziantep BB as a center back .
Phạm Thị Trân Châu ( born July 29 , 1938 ) is a Vietnamese biochemist and former politician .
Johan Engelbert Elias ( 18 August 1895 -- 1 August 1959 ) was a Dutch historian known mostly for his important work on the history of Amsterdam 's regency ( `` Vroedschap van Amsterdam '' ) .
Yelitza Lora de la Cruz ( born 12 July 1985 ) is a Radio and TV hostess , dancer , model , and theatre and film actress from the Dominican Republic .
Yuri Heifetz ( pen - name Boris Berg ; Russian : Хейфец , Юрий Борисович ; born 31 October 1953 , in Sverdlovsk ) is Russian poet , singer - songwriter , and medical doctor .
Antonio Abondio ( 1538 - -1591 ) was an Italian sculptor , best known as a medallist and as the pioneer of the coloured wax relief portrait miniature .
Rita Ng ( Chinese : 伍思茵 ; pinyin : Wǔ Sīyīn ; born 1978 ) from Tracy , California is an American beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss California 2000 and is currently a practicing cardiologist .
Stephen Haseler ( born 9 January 1942 ) is Professor of Government , author of numerous books on contemporary politics and economics , and Director of The Global Policy Institute in London .
Pilar Mendiola Fernández ( born 1971 ) is a leading expert in the fields of experiential education and development of advanced leadership training .
Monika Pedersen ( born 21 December 1978 ) is a Danish singer of the band Sinphonia and former vocalist of `` The World State '' and the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia , replacing Henriette Bordvik .
Paul Galland ( November 1919 - -31 October 1942 ) was a German Luftwaffe ace and brother of Luftwaffe aces Adolf Galland and Wilhelm - Ferdinand Galland .
Valérie Blass ( born 1967 ) is a Canadian artist working primarily in sculpture .
Anne - Marie Imafidon ( born 1990 ) is a British computing , mathematics and language child prodigy .
Richard Verrall ( born 1948 ) is a former deputy chairman of the British National Front ( NF ) who edited the magazine Spearhead from 1976 to 1980 .
Thomas Helmore ( 7 May 1811 in Kidderminster -- 6 July 1890 in Westminster ) was a choirmaster , writer about singing and author and editor of hymns and carols .
Éamon de Buitléar ( 22 January 1930 -- 27 January 2013 ) was an Irish writer , musician and film maker .
David Manga ( born 3 February 1989 ) is a Central African international footballer playing with Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona .
Ion Ababii ( born 11 February 1944 in Ochiul Alb , Drochia ) is a Moldovan physician who was Minister of Health of Republic of Moldova .
Giovanna Margherita Dalmet , also called Delmaz and Dalmaz ( 1739 -- 11 January 1817 ) , was a Dogaressa of Venice by marriage to the Doge Paolo Renier ( r. 1779 - -1789 ) .
Lương Chí Dũng ( D without Đ is pronounced `` Zung '' , born 21 January 1985 ) is a Vietnamese professional pool player .
Tore Schweder ( born 16 January 1943 ) is a Norwegian statistician and is a professor at the Department of Economics and at the Centre for Ecology and Evolutionary Synthesis at the University of Oslo .
Roger Murray - Leach ( born 25 June 1943 ) is a British Production Designer , who is probably best known for his work on British television series ' Doctor Who and Blake 's 7 in the 1970s , although he went on later to work on major feature films .
Livingston L. Holder , Jr. ( born 29 September 1956 ) was a USAF astronaut in the Manned Spaceflight Engineer Program during the mid-1980s .
Irman Gusman ( born 11 February 1962 ) is an Indonesian statesman and businessman .
Charles de Salis , was born 25 July 1736 in the Parish of St. James , Westminster and died sine prole , Hieres , Provence , July 1781 .
John Mitten ( born 30 March 1941 ) is an English former sportsman who played both football and cricket during the 1950s , ' 60s and ' 70s .
Anna Karen ( born 19 September 1936 ) is a South African - born English film , television and theatre actress .
Eugene Williams , Sr . is an author , educator , and inventor who was born on November 23 , 1942 in Orange County , Virginia , USA .
Adriaen Isenbrandt ( or Adrien , Isenbrant , Ysenbrant , Ysenbrandt or Hysebrant ; between 1480 and 1490 -- July 1551 ) was a Flemish Northern Renaissance painter , who from documentary evidence was clearly a significant artist of his period , but to whom no specific works can be clearly documented .
Fr . Andrew Pinsent ( born 19 August 1966 ) is Research Director of the Ian Ramsey Centre for Science and Religion at Oxford University , a member of the Theology Faculty , a Research Fellow of Harris Manchester College and a Catholic priest of the diocese of Arundel and Brighton in England .
Adrienn Szarka ( born 28 June 1991 in Kiskunhalas ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Ferencvárosi TC in left wing position .
William Kentridge ( born 28 April 1955 ) is a South African artist best known for his prints , drawings , and animated films .
Sean Lineen ( born 25 December 1961 ) is a Scottish rugby player , originally from New Zealand .
Dugu Qieluo ( Chinese : 獨孤伽羅 ; 544 -- September 10 , 602 ) , formally Empress Wenxian ( 文獻皇后 ) , was an empress of the Chinese Sui dynasty .
Wimal Kumara de Costa ( born 1948 ) is a Sri Lankan actor most notable for his character roles in art films by directors like Dharmasena Pathiraja , Sunil Ariyaratne and Gamini Fonseka .
Frank Meisler ( born 1929 ) is a German - born Israeli architect and sculptor .
Hans Østerholt ( 29 August 1873 -- 7 November 1958 ) was a Norwegian trade unionist , editor and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties .
Adrian Weale ( born 9 February 1964 ) is a British writer , journalist , historian , illustrator and photographer of Welsh origin .
Giuseppe Giovinco ( born 26 September 1990 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro club Savona as a second striker .
Katherine Ellis ( born Katherine Jane Margaret Wood on 21 June 1965 in Bromley , England ) is an English dance music vocalist and songwriter .
Ipče Ahmedovski ( Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic : Ипче Ахмедовски ; 6 January 1966 - 30 July 1994 ) was a popular Serbian and Macedonian folk singer .
David J. Farrar ( born 1921 ) is an English engineer who led the Bristol team which developed the Bristol Bloodhound surface - to - air missile , which defended Britain 's nuclear deterrent for many years and were widely sold abroad .
Rafael Rivera Garcia is an artist , muralist and professor of Art . Garcia was born in New York City in 1930 .
Emperor Ming of Southern Qi ( ( 南)齊明帝 ) ( 452 - -498 ) , personal name Xiao Luan ( 蕭鸞 ) , courtesy name Jingqi ( 景栖 ) , nickname Xuandu ( 玄度 ) , was an emperor of the Chinese dynasty Southern Qi in the 5th century .
Adam Ellis ( born 21 March 1996 ) is a British grasstrack and speedway rider .
Nance Dicciani ( born 1947 ) is an American chemical engineer .
Ole Holm ( 28 December 1870 -- 29 January 1956 ) was a Norwegian rifle shooter .
Hans Sande ( born 20 December 1946 ) is a Norwegian psychiatrist , poet , novelist and children 's writer .
Julie Westwood ( born 21 October 1952 ) is an English voice actress , best known for the voice of Bessie Busybody and Pixel in the English version of the children 's television show LazyTown , as well as a career of other voices .
Saypulla Absaidov ( born 14 July 1958 in Tarki , Dagestan ASSR ) is a former Soviet wrestler and Olympic champion and World Champion 1981 in Freestyle wrestling .
Uwe Neuhaus ( born 26 November 1959 ) is a retired German football player and a football manager in charge of Dynamo Dresden .
David Galbraith ( born 20 December 1983 ) is an English footballer who plays for St Albans City .
Walter Weller ( 30 November 1939 -- 14 June 2015 ) was an Austrian conductor and violinist .
Alison Tyler ( born 1972 ) is an American author , editor and publisher of erotica , living in Northern California .
Zhou Chaochen ( Chinese : 周巢塵 ; born 1 November 1937 , Nanhui District , Shanghai ) is a Chinese computer scientist .
Elfriede Gerstl ( 16 June 1932 -- 9 April 2009 ) was an Austrian author and Holocaust - survivor .
Devin Toner ( born 29 June 1986 ) is a professional rugby player .
Tim Lowly ( born 1958 in Hendersonville , North Carolina ) is a Chicago artist , musician , and teacher .
Sture Bjørvig ( born 5 November 1973 ) is a Norwegian competition rower .
Charles Dickinson West ( January 1847 -- 10 January 1908 ) was an Irish mechanical engineer and naval architect , who worked for many years at the Imperial College of Engineering , in Meiji era Japan .
Estelle Asmodelle ( born 22 April 1964 ) , formerly known as Estelle Maria Croot , is an Australian model , belly dancer , musician , activist , inventor , abstract artist and academic .
Mamadou Koulibaly ( born 21 April 1957 ) is an Ivorian politician , Chairman of LIDER ( Liberté et Démocratie pour la République ) , a classical liberal political party he founded on July 2011 .
Ossy Renardy ( 26 April 1920 -- 3 December 1953 ) was an Austrian classical violinist , who made a major impression in Europe before migrating to the United States at age 17 .
Ope Peleseuma ( born 11 February 1992 ) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a midfielder for Wellington in the ITM Cup .
Oda of Brabant ( also called Oda of Anderlues ; 1134 - -1158 ) was a Belgian prioress of the 12th century , commonly revered as a saint .
Caleb Cook Baldwin ( 1820 - July 20 , 1911 ; Chinese : 摩憐 or 摩嘉立 ; Pinyin : Mólián , Mó Jiālì ; Foochow Romanized : Mò̤-lèng , Mò̤ Gă - lĭk ) was one of the first Presbyterian missionaries to Foochow , China .
Major - General Reginald Booth Stockdale CB CMG OBE FIMechE ( 12 January 1908 -- 12 April 1979 ) was Colonel Commandant of the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers between 1963 and 1968 .
Oliver Kraus ( born 1970 in Shepherd 's Bush , London ) is an English musician best known for his work as a cellist and string arranger/ producer and composer for film and television .
Marcello Bacciarelli ( Italian pronunciation : ( marˈtʃɛllo battʃaˈrɛlli ) ; 16 February 1731 -- 5 January 1818 ) was a Polish - Italian painter of the late - baroque and Neoclassic periods .
Nick Tatham ( born 11 June 1983 , Hong Kong ) is a British singer - songwriter who has dealt with Tourette syndrome for most of his life whilst writing and recording ballads , pop songs and other assorted modern music .
Ron van den Beuken ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈrɔn vɐn dɛm ˈbøː.kə(n ) ) ; born 10 April 1970 in Horst ) is a Dutch DJ and record producer .
Mark Ravina ( born 1961 ) is a scholar of early modern ( Tokugawa ) Japanese history , and Professor of History at Emory University , where he has taught since 1991 .
Phantly Roy Bean , Jr. ( c. 1825 -- March 16 , 1903 ) was an eccentric U.S. saloon - keeper and Justice of the Peace in Val Verde County , Texas , who called himself `` The Law West of the Pecos '' .
Robin Fulton ( born 6 May , 1937 on the Isle of Arran ) , is a Scottish poet and translator .
Tom Pickard ( born 1946 , Newcastle upon Tyne , England ) is a poet , and documentary film maker who was an important initiator of the movement known as the British Poetry Revival .
Tomas Rudin ( born 1965 ) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician in the opposition in the Stockholm district .
Salvador Ferrando ( 1835 - -1908 ) was a Mexican painter from Tlacotalpan who specialized in portraits and landscapes , mostly of the Papaloapan and Tlacotalpan regions .
Patrick Madrid ( born 1960 ) is an American Catholic author , radio host , apologist , the host of several EWTN television and radio series , and was the publisher of Envoy Magazine .
Deborra - Lee Furness ( born 8 December 1955 ) is an Australian actress , director and producer .
Shantona Bag ( born 25 January 1985 ) is an Australian qualified medical practitioner and an internationally performing classical dancer often touted as the `` dancing doctor '' .
Dijana Števin ( born 23 October 1986 ) is a Serbian handballer who plays for the French club Cercle Dijon Bourgogne .
Laurence Ryan was born in 1931 , to Michael and Brigid Ryan of Ballycrinnigan , St. Mullins , County Carlow .
Carola Reyna ( born 15 April 1962 ) is an Argentine actress and director from Buenos Aires .
Girindrasekhar Bose ( 30 January 1887 -- 3 June 1953 ) was an early 20th - century South Asian psychoanalyst , the first president ( 1922 - -1953 ) of the Indian Psychoanalytic Society .
Bruce Parker ( born 20 July 1941 ) is a British journalist and television presenter whose career spanned the mid-1960s to 2003 , when he retired .
Lya Mara ( 1 August 1897 -- 1 March 1960 ) was one of the biggest stars of the German silent cinema .
Jerzy Sterczyński ( born 1957 ) is a Polish pianist and piano teacher .
Peter England ( born 6 September 1983 in Hitchin , Hertfordshire ) is an English actor , best known for his roles as Arnie in Teachers , David Ash in Haunted , Matt in Matt 's Million , Ben Galloway in Family Affairs and as regular TC in Casualty .
Dominick Miserandino ( born November 22 , 1972 ) is an American entrepreneur , author and journalist .
M. H. Bhutta ( born 21 January 1955 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian manager .
Anderson Alves da Silva or simply Anderson ( born 10 January 1983 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni in the Cypriot First Division .
Oreet Ashery ( born 1966 in Jerusalem , Israel ) is an interdisciplinary artist based in London .
Christina Kokotou ( Greek : Χριστίνα Κοκότου ; born 9 January 1972 in Agrinio ) is a Greek race walker .
Chris Thredgold ( born 8 May 1971 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Sturt in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) from 1991 to 2002 .
Miranda Campa ( born 31 January 1914 ) was a Swiss - born Italian actress and voice actress .
Mbongeni Khumalo ( born 15 July 1976 ) is a South African performance poet , poet and writer .
Lambros Tzavelas ( Greek : Λάμπρος Τζαβέλας , 1745 - -1792 ) was a Greek leader of the Souliotes .
Seán Óg Sheehy ( born 24 May 1939 ) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a left wing - back for the Kerry senior team .
David Barsamian ( born 1945 ) is an Armenian - American radio broadcaster , writer , and the founder and director of Alternative Radio , a Boulder , Colorado - based syndicated weekly talk program heard on some 150 radio stations in various countries .
Meenakshi Lekhi ( born 30 April 1967 ) is an Indian Member of Parliament in the Lok Sabha from New Delhi constituency .
Richard Loveridge ( born 15 January 1963 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Elariz Mammadoğlu ( Azerbaijani : Elariz Məmmədoğlu ) ( 17 December 1964 , Baku - ) is an Azerbaijani singer .
Elisabeth Neumann - Viertel ( 5 April 1900 -- 24 December 1994 ) was an Austrian actress who started her career in Germany during the 1920s .
Jan Erik Langangen ( born 11 May 1950 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and lawyer .
Izidor Perera - Matić ( 2 July 1912 -- 24 January 1944 ) was Croatian Jewish physician and Partisan .
Vasileios Vrachnos ( Greek : Βασίλειος Βραχνός , 1887 - -1971 ) was a Hellenic Army general , most notable for his leadership in the Greco - Italian War of 1940 - -41 , and post - war conservative politician .
Chaim Walder ( born 1969 ) is an Israeli Haredi rabbi and author of literature for children , adolescents , and adults .
Zoran Baldovaliev ( Macedonian : Зоран Балдовалиев ; born 4 March 1983 ) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Kerkyra .
Tony Hannan ( born 11 June 1963 in Bradford , Yorkshire , England ) is an author , journalist and publisher who specialises in British popular culture .
Cheng Enze ( Chinese:程恩泽/程恩澤 , 1785 - -1837 ) was a Chinese scholar and poet of late Qing Dynasty .
Giacomo Perez - Dortona or d'Ortona ( born 11 November 1989 ) is a French competitive swimmer belonging to club CN Marseille .
Harun Nasution ( 1919 - -1998 ) was an Indonesian scholar who described himself as a neo - Mutazilite , a modern follower of the medieval movement of the Mutazila .
John Spaull ( born 20 August 1977 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in 2000 and 2001 .
Jamie Sives ( /ˈsiːvəs/ SEE - vəs ; born 14 August 1973 ) is a Scottish actor .
Wendy Rawlings ( born 1967 ) is an American novelist , short story writer , essayist , and critic .
Finn Øglænd ( born 7 October 1957 in Stavanger ) is a Norwegian author , poet , translator and literature critic .
Emilio Ferrera ( born 19 June 1967 , Schaarbeek ) is a Belgian former football player and currently coach of OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League .
Georges Prêtre ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɔʁʒ pʁɛːtʁ ) ; born 14 August 1924 ) is a French orchestral and opera conductor .
Lawrence Paros ( born 21 February 1934 ) is an author and high school teacher , best known for his work in alternative education .
Adrian Woodhouse ( born 27 July 1951 ) is a British writer , journalist and collector .
John Bester ( born 1927 ) , born and educated in England , is one of the foremost translators of modern Japanese fiction .
François Miron ( born 1962 ) is a French - Canadian experimental filmmaker also working in documentary and fiction .
Tsippi Fleischer ( born 1946 ) ( Hebrew : ציפי פליישר ) is an Israeli composer .
S. Morris Engel ( born 1931 ) is an author , philosopher , and linguist .
Prof . Suraj Paliwal ( born 8 November 1951 ) is a professor and author from India , who writes in Hindi .
Hāfiz Mirza Nasir Ahmad ( Urdu : مرزا ناصر احمد ) ( 16 November 1909 -- 9 June 1982 ) was Khalifatul Masih III ( Arabic : khalīfatul masīh al - Thālith , خليفة المسيح الثالث‎ ) , head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community .
Trevor Gard ( born 2 June 1957 ) is a former English first - class cricketer who made over 100 appearances for Somerset between 1976 and 1989 .
Ibrahim Shema was born on 22 September 1952 at Dutsin - Ma town in Katsina State .
Berwyn Price ( born 15 August , 1951 ) is a former Welsh international athlete .
Tony Michell ( 3 December 1947 ) is a British businessman , entrepreneur , and pioneer for early Korean development .
Daniel Jubb ( born 1984 in Manchester , England ) is a British rocket scientist .
Haidar Nasir Abdulshaheed ( Arabic : حيدر ناصر عبد الشهيد‎ ) also known as Haider Jabreen , ( born 13 January 1981 in Najaf ) is an Iraqi discus thrower .
Mohammed Fadi Beko commonly known as Fadi Beko ( Arabic : محمد فادي بيكو‎ ; born 6 May 1991 ) is a Syrian footballer who plays for Samail SC in Oman First Division League .
Alexander Macfarlane FRSE ( 21 April 1851 -- 28 August 1913 ) was a Scottish logician , physicist , and mathematician .
Jacob ter Veldhuis ( born 14 November 1951 in Westerlee ) , also known as Jacob TV , is a Dutch avant - garde classical composer .
Aasne Linnestå ( born 3 December 1963 ) is a Norwegian author , lyricist , and literature critic .
Feliciano Reyna ( 2 December , 1955 ) , is the founder of Acción Solidaria .
Kristóf Nyíri ( born 1944 ) , is a member of HAS , was a guest at the University of Leipzig in the Winter Semester of 2006 - 2007 as Leibniz Professor , directed Communications in the 21st Century :
Sir Charles Nicholson , 1st Baronet ( 23 November 1808 -- 8 November 1903 ) was an English - Australian politician , university founder , explorer , pastoralist , antiquarian and philanthropist .
Edmund Fry ( 1754 - -1835 ) was an English type - founder .
Vahe Danielyan ( Armenian : Վահէ Տանիելյան ; born 14 January 1920 ) first served in the Fifth Army infantry in Ukraine during World War II and was captured no less than five times .
Professor Dines Bjørner ( born 4 October 1937 in Odense ) is a Danish computer scientist .
Anatoly Kovler ( born 26 August 1948 ) is a Tajikistani - born Russian lawyer , former professor at the Academic Law University of the Russian Academy of Sciences and currently the judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Russia .
Miriam Aïda , born 24 September 1974 , is a Swedish jazz singer .
Pedro Carrasco ( 11 July 1943 -- 27 January 2001 ) was a Spanish boxer whose fame transcended the boxing ring .
Stevče Aluševski ( Macedonian : Стевче Алушевски ) ( born 1 October 1972 in Sydney , Australia ) is a former Macedonian handball player who last played for RK Metalurg Skopje , and for the Macedonia national handball team .
Sulabha Panandikar ( born 9 April 1904 , date of death unknown ) was an Indian educator .
John Pigdon ( 3 July 1832 -- 24 October 1903 ) was mayor of Melbourne from 1881 - -82 .
Sir John Ernle ( 1620 - -1697 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1695 .
Toshio Laiseni ( born 19 June 1985 in Nukuʻalofa , Tonga ) is a Tongan rugby league footballer .
Rolf Noskwith ( born 19 June 1919 ) is a British businessman , and during the Second World War worked under Alan Turing as a cryptographer at the Bletchley Park British military base .
Jonas Grimås ( born 7 August 1958 ) is a Swedish film and television director , based in London since 1988 .
Louis Bernard , OQ ( born 27 July 1937 ) is a Québécois politician and former public servant .
Tatsuhiko Ichihara ( born 17 November 1978 ) is a Japanese professional golfer .
George Kenneth Green , also called Kenneth Green , ( 1911 -- August 1997 ) was an American accelerator physicist .
Hans - Peter Lindstrøm ( born 16 February 1973 ) is a Norwegian producer who works under the name Lindstrøm .
James Sillett ( 1764 - -1840 ) was an English painter , born in Norwich where he spent much of his career .
Arthur James Michael Milner , 2nd Baron Milner of Leeds ( 12 September 1923 -- 20 August 2003 ) was a British solicitor and Labour politician .
Alona Alegre ( born 1948 ) is a Filipino actress who is the daughter of comedian actor Lou Salvador and LVN actress Inday Jalandoni .
Mark Kasprzyk ( born 1977 ) , better known by his stage name Redlight King , is a Canadian musician whose work ranges from rap rock to alternative rock .
Morris Joseph ( born London , England , 28 May 1848 ) studied at Jews ' College , London , and in 1868 was appointed rabbi of the North London Synagogue ; in 1874 he went to the Old Hebrew Congregation of Liverpool , where he officiated as preacher until 1882 .
Soo Kui Jien ( Chinese : 苏桂健 ; pinyin : Sū Guìjiàn ; born 31 August 1972 ) , is a Malaysian television personality .
Margot Rhys ( born 1914 ) was an Australian actress best known for her lead roles in two films from Charles Chauvel , Heritage ( 1935 ) and Uncvilised ( 1936 ) .
Anya Linden , Lady Sainsbury of Preston Candover ( born 3 January 1933 ) is a retired English ballerina .
Joel Ekelöf , vocalist born 1980 in Stockholm .
Maria Badstue ( born 1982 ) is a Danish orchestral conductor .
Sonya Scarlet ( born 2 April 1980 ) is the singer and lyricist of the Italian extreme gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires .
Nikos Voutsis ( Greek : Νίκος Βούτσης ; born 4 March 1951 ) is a Greek politician who served as the Minister of the Interior and Administrative Reconstruction from January 2015 to August 2015 in the First Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras .
Jelena Tinska ( Serbian : Јелена Тинска ; born Jelena Petrović ( Serbian : Јелена Петровић ) ; 25 April 1953 ) is a famous Serbian actress , ballerina , dancer , writer , columnist and television presenter .
Theodore Maynard ( 1890 - -1956 ) was an English poet , literary critic , and historian .
John Arthur Blaikie ( born 1849 ) was an English poet and journalist , born in Paddington , Middlesex .
Wes Magee is a poet and children 's author who was born in Greenock , Scotland in July , 1939 .
Vera Zavitsianou ( Greek : Βέρα Ζαβιτσιάνου ; 1927 - -2008 ) was a famous actress of Greek theatre .
Christian Holstad ( born 1972 , California ) is an American artist based in Brooklyn , New York City .
Vladimir Krivtsov ( Russian : Владимир Кривцов ; born 23 March 1952 ) is a retired Russian swimmer who won a silver in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships .
Bruce J. Oreck ( born 3 January 1953 ) was the U.S. Ambassador to Finland until July 2015 .
Eric Prince ( born 11 December 1924 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Port Vale in the mid-1940s .
Gidi Kanyuk ( Hebrew : גידי קניוק‎ ; born 11 February 1993 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Maccabi Petah Tikva .
Duan Shuqing ( Chinese : 端淑卿 ; ca . 1510 -- ca . 1600 ) was a Chinese woman poet of the Ming dynasty .
Markus Svendsen ( born 28 February 1941 in Havøysund ) is a Norwegian skier .
The Right Reverend Archimandrite Dr. Jules C. E. Riotte ( 1901 - -May 6 , 2000 ) , was a priest of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Saint Nicholas in Chicago , and a researcher at the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum in Honolulu .
Tristan D ( born Tristan Dorian , 7 March 1988 , Brighton ) , is a British Trance DJ and EDM music producer from Brighton , England .
Angel T. Tuninetti ( born 1960 ) is an Argentinian professor of Latin American literature and Latin American cultures , specialising in travel literature from the 20th century .
William George Paulson Townsend ( 1868 -- 1941 ) was an English artist , designer , writer and editor .
Dušan Markešević ( born 13 February 1986 ) is a Serbian long - distance runner who specialized in the various long - distance track and cross country disciplines .
Saad Eskander ( born 1962 ) is a contemporary Iraqi Kurdish academic and researcher .
Adrian Piccoli ( born 24 March 1970 ) is an Australian politician representing the electoral district of Murray in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly .
Roger A. Freeman ( 11 May 1928 -- 7 October 2005 ) was an English farmer who also became a noted military aviation historian specialising in US Eighth Air Force operations during World War II . Born in Ipswich , Suffolk , Freeman grew up on the family farm in Dedham , Essex .
Molly Renshaw ( born 6 May 1996 ) is an English breaststroke swimmer .
Brian McClendon ( born 1964 ) is an American software designer , developer and engineer .
Jacob Gilles ( ca . 1691 in Kollum -- September 10 , 1765 in Ypenburg manor near Rijswijk ) was Grand Pensionary of Holland from September 23 , 1746 to June 18 , 1749 .
Gaby Kennard ( born 1944 , East Melbourne , Victoria , Australia ) was the first Australian woman to circumnavigate the globe by airplane .
Lauren Bennett ( born 23 June 1989 ) is an English singer , dancer , and model .
Ricardo Mbarkho ( 25 January 1974 in Beirut , Lebanon ) , is a Lebanese contemporary artist .
Rómulo Rozo Peña was a sculptor , born in Bogota in 1899 ( some authors affirm that he was born in Chiquinquirá , Boyacá ) .
Mohammad Hashim Maiwandwal ( Pashto : محمد هاشم میوندوال‎ - born 1919 - died 1973 ) was an Afghan politician during the reign of Zahir Shah .
Meysam Majidi ( born 25 October 1986 ) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Persian Gulf Pro League club Esteghlal .
Doris Leslie ( née Oppenheim , later Lady Fergusson Hannay ) ( 9 March 1891 -- 30 May 1982 ) , was a British novelist , historical biographer and fiction writer .
John B. Biggs ( John Burville Biggs ) , born in Hobart , Tasmania in 1934 , is an Australian educational psychologist and novelist who developed the SOLO Taxonomy for assessing the quality of learning outcomes , and the model of constructive alignment for designing teaching and assessment ( Biggs , 2007 ) .
John Bridgwater FREng ( born 10 January 1938 ) is a retired Shell Professor of Chemical Engineering at the University of Cambridge .
Per Høst ( 5 December 1907 -- 28 December 1971 ) was a Norwegian zoologist , film producer and non - fiction writer .
Josef Panáček ( born 8 September 1937 in Staré Město ( Uherské Hradiště District ) ) is a former Czechoslovak sport shooter and Olympic Champion .
Facundo Albin ( born 27 October 1992 ) is an Argentine speedway rider who was Argentine champion in 2011 .
Bilal Saad Mubarak ( Arabic : بلال سعد مُبارك‎ ) ( born 18 December 1972 ) is a Qatari shot putter .
Dencho Denev ( Bulgarian : Денчо Денев , born 22 August 1936 ) is a Bulgarian former sports shooter .
Antonio Virgili ( Naples , 1957 ) is an Italian professor , researcher and consultant .
Sonarika Bhadoria ( born 3 December 1992 ) is an Indian film actress who predominantly works in Telugu films .
Maja Ivarsson , ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈmaj:ˈa ˈi : vaʂɔn ) , born 2 October 1979 ) is a Swedish singer and lead vocalist of the Swedish indie rock band The Sounds .
Seppo Harjanne ( born 28 February 1948 ) is a Finnish former rally co - driver .
Fletcher B. Cherington ( 1850 - 1908 ) was an American Methodist reverend during the late 19th - early 20th century .
Peter Paul Koprowski ( born 24 August 1947 in Łódź ) is a Canadian composer , conductor , music educator , and pianist of Polish descent .
Sean Lakeman ( born 1974 ) is an English folk musician and record producer .
Valay Shende ( 15 September 1980 , Nagpur , Maharashtra , India ) is a sculptor and artist .
Ann Kok ( born 11 January 1973 ) is a Chinese Singaporean television actress and singer .
A noted and established Scottish Artist and Professor of Art , Will Maclean was born in Inverness in 1941 .
Osman Oktay Ekşi ( born 7 December 1932 ) is a Turkish journalist , author and politician .
Blessed Maria Teresa Casini ( 27 October 1864 -- 3 April 1937 ) was an Italian nun and was the founder of the Oblate Sisters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus .
Karin Kallmaker ( born 1960 ) is the prolific American author of lesbian fiction whose works also include those originally written under the name Laura Adams .
Robert Victor Charles Robins ( born 13 March 1935 ) known as Charles Robins is a former English cricketer and insurance executive .
Ogeday ( born 22 December 1981 , Istanbul ) is a Turkish rap singer .
Anna Signeul ( born 20 May 1961 ) is a Swedish former football player , who has been the national coach of the Scotland women 's team since March 2005 .
Dorothy Garrett Smith ( c. 1932 -- August 8 , 1990 ) was the first woman to have served as president of the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education , which establishes and monitors education policy .
Juan Diego Calle was born on March 11 , 1978 in Bogota , Colombia , where he was raised .
Gordon McRorie ( born 12 May 1988 ) is a rugby union scrumhalf who plays for Prairie Wolf Pack and Canada .
Jan Kratochvíl ( born 10 February 1959 ) is a Czech mathematician and computer scientist whose research concerns graph theory and intersection graphs .
Siegfried Frederick Nadel ( 24 April 1903 -- 14 January 1956 ) , known as Fred Nadel , was an Austrian - born British anthropologist , specialising in African ethnology .
Lee Cataldi ( born 1942 ) is a contemporary Australian poet and linguist .
Katie Neil ( born in 1989 ) is an American pop rock singer - songwriter and former actress .
Morton Dean ( born Morton Dubitsky in 1935 in Fall River , Massachusetts ) is an American television news journalist who has worked for CBS News and ABC News since the mid-1960s .
John B. Veihmeyer ( born 29 June 1955 ) has been global chairman of KPMG LLP since April 2014 .
Sofia Mechetner ( Hebrew : סופיה מצטנר‎ ) ( born 4 December 2000 ) is an Israeli model and the current face of Dior .
Paul Prichard ( born 7 January 1965 ) is an English cricketer who played for Essex County Cricket Club .
Serge Gumienny ( born 14 April 1972 , in Sint - Truiden ) is a Belgian football referee .
Bodagama Chandima was born on 3 February 1957 at Thanamalwila in southern Sri Lanka .
Mickey Huang ( Chinese : 黃子佼 ; born 30 March 1972 ) , also known as Huang Tzu - chiao ( or Jiao Jiao ) , is a Taiwanese comedian , television host , and actor .
Clifford Harry Thompson AM ( 1 April 1926 - 8 May 2005 ) , was an Australian geomorphologist and Principal Research Scientist with the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) .
Józef Wesołowski ( 15 July 1948 -- 27 August 2015 ) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who was laicized by the Holy See in 2014 .
Harold Keenan ( born 20 December 1893 , date of death unknown ) was an English professional footballer .
Enos Whittaker ( 1888 -- 1959 ) was an English footballer who played for Clapton Orient , Exeter City and Stoke .
Steven Stretch ( born 5 January 1964 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and Fitzroy in the VFL / AFL and West Torrens in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Aïchatou Mindaoudou Souleymane ( born 1959 ) is a Nigerien diplomat and politician who has been the United Nations ' Special Representative for Côte d'Ivoire and Head of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ( UNOCI ) since 2013 .
Hanna Kokko ( born 1971 ) is a scientist , working in the field of evolution and ecology .
Luigi Furini ( Lungavilla , Italy , 29 January 1954 ) is an Italian journalist and poet .
Mostafa Gaafar ( Arabic : مصطفى جعفر‎ ; born 3 April 1981 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for FC Masr .
George Lewis Scott ( 1708 - -1780 ) was an English royal tutor , encyclopedist , and dilettante .
Fei Yu ( simplified Chinese : 费煜 ; traditional Chinese : 費煜 ; pinyin : Fèi Yù ; born 6 February 1991 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shenzhen Ruby in the China League One .
Mike Jankowski , ( born 1976 ) known as `` Coach Janks , '' is a skiing and snowboarding coach .
Ronnie Bremer ( born 14 October 1978 ) is a Danish racecar driver who has driven in the Champ Car World Series .
Sapphire Elia ( born 15 April 1987 ) , is an English actress , model and singer best known for her roles in musical drama Britannia High and the soap opera Emmerdale .
Zdeněk Tůma ( born 19 October 1960 ) is a Czech economist and a former Governor of the Czech National Bank since 1 December 2000 .
Sally Bott ( born 11 November 1949 ) is a USA businesswoman and serves as one of the Board of Directors at UBS AG . She was elected to the Board of Directors at UBS AG at the EGM in October 2008 .
Harry Sukman ( December 2 , 1912 -- December 2 , 1984 ) was an American film and television composer .
Maggie Orth ( born 1964 , Columbus , OH ) is an American artist and technologist who helped create the field of E - textiles .
Narendra Mohan Sen ( 1887 - -1963 ) was an Indian freedom fighter and revolutionary involved with Anushilan Samiti .
Kristijan Ipša ( born 4 April 1986 in Poreč ) is a Croatian footballer of Slovenian heritage who currently plays as a central defender .
Doctor P is the stage name of the English dubstep producer and DJ , Shaun Brockhurst ( born 9 April 1986 ) .
Norman Bethune Sanson ( 1862 - -1949 ) was the curator of the Banff Park Museum in Banff , Alberta from 1896 to 1932 .
Papaliitele Max Amata Taogaga ( born 28 April 1949 ) is a retired Samoan professional wrestler , best known for his appearances in the World Wrestling Federation as Siva Afi .
Walter Godefroot ( born 2 July 1943 ) is a retired Belgian professional road bicycle racer and former directeur sportif of Team Telekom , later known as T - Mobile Team , professional team .
Will Steacy ( born 1980 in the USA ) is a writer and photographer based in New York .
Wang Cui ( Chinese : 王翠 , born 15 October 1989 ) is a Chinese professional racing cyclist .
Lionel Tollemache , 4th Earl of Dysart KT ( 1 May 1708 -- 10 March 1770 ) , styled Lord Huntingtower from 1712 to 1727 , was a Scottish nobleman .
John Dawson Dewhirst ( 1952 -- c. August 1978 ) was a British teacher and amateur yachtsman who was one of nine western adventurers , and two Britons , known to fall victim to the Khmer Rouge during the genocidal rule of Pol Pot .
Wu Jun ( born May 1972 ) is a Chinese politician from Guizhou province .
Gian Giacomo Caprotti da Oreno , better known as Salaì ( `` The Devil '' , lit . `` The little unclean one '' ) ( 1480 -- before 10 March 1524 ) , was an Italian artist and pupil of Leonardo da Vinci from 1490 to 1518 .
Claudia Cislek ( born 1990 ) , using the stage name of Lolita Jolie , is a German singer of Polish descent .
Richard C. Steiner ( born 1945 ) is a Semitist and a scholar of Northwest Semitic languages , Jewish Studies , and Near Eastern texts .
Nenad Bjeković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Бјековић ; born 5 November 1947 ) is a former Yugoslav and Serbian football player , manager and administrator .
Ajeya Pratap Singh formly known as Ajeya Singh , born in 1956 , is a politician belonging to Indian National Congress and 42nd Raja Bahadur of Manda .
John Holwell ( 24 November 1649 -- 1686 ? ) was an English astrologer and mathematician .
Prahlad Kakkar ( born 24 March 1950 in Mumbai ) is a leading Indian ad film director , best known for his work on the famous Pepsi TV commercial with Amitabh Bachchan and Sachin Tendulkar .
William Sproston Caine ( 26 March 1842 -- 17 March 1903 ) was a British politician and Temperance advocate .
Iain Robertson ( born 27 May 1981 ) is a BAFTA award winning Scottish actor , once described by British film critic , Barry Norman , as `` the best thing to come out of Scotland since whisky '' .
David Pereira da Costa ( born 15 March 1977 ) , simply known as David , is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a striker .
Inaam Kachachi ( Arabic : انعام كحه جه ) ( born 1952 ) is an Iraqi journalist and author .
Ahmed Saif born ( 1 January 1983 ) is a former Qatari professional snooker player .
Harold Shepherdson ( 28 October 1918 -- 14 September 1995 ) was an English football player , coach and manager .
Paul Girgash ( born c. 1961 ) is a retired American football linebacker .
František Wolf ( 1904 - -1989 ) was a Czech mathematician known for his contributions to trigonometry and mathematical analysis , specifically the study of the perturbation of linear operators .
Huang Rui ( born 1952 ) is a Chinese artist known for his social and cultural criticism .
Ohad Moskowitz ( born 1974 ) , known professionally as Ohad , is an Orthodox Jewish vocalist who is one of the superstars of the contemporary Jewish religious music scene .
Börje Vestlund ( born 1960 ) is a Swedish social democratic politician , member of the Riksdag since 2002 .
Joseph Lanner ( 12 April 1801 -- 14 April 1843 ) was an Austrian dance music composer .
Eliezer Shlomovich ( Hebrew : אליעזר שלומוביץ'‎ , born 1947 ) is a former Israeli footballer who played for Maccabi Netanya .
Espen Lind ( born 13 May 1971 ) is a Norwegian record producer , songwriter , singer , and multi - instrumentalist .
David Rotem ( Hebrew : דוד רותם‎ , 11 January 1949 -- 8 June 2015 ) was an Israeli politician .
Myles Standish ( c. 1584 -- October 3 , 1656 ) was an English military officer hired by the Puritans as military adviser for Plymouth Colony .
Frederick William Bourne ( 1830 - -1905 ) was an English preacher and author .
Reinhard Hartmann was born on 8 April 1938 in Vienna , Austria , as the son of Walther and Gerta Hartmann .
Judith L. French ( born 1962 ) is an American jurist .
Sir Charles Abercrombie Smith ( 12 May 1834 - 1 May 1919 ) was a prominent scientist , politician and civil servant of the Cape Colony .
Michele Scarponi ( born 25 September 1979 ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer , currently riding for UCI ProTeam Astana .
Marcello Lippi , Commendatore OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( marˈtʃɛllo ˈlippi ) ; born 12 April 1948 ) is an Italian World Cup - winning former professional football manager and player .
William Langson Lathrop ( 1859 - -1938 ) was an American Impressionist landscape painter and founder of the art colony at New Hope , Pennsylvania .
Mark Abrahams ( born 1958 ) is an American fashion and portrait photographer .
Matteo Messina Denaro ( born 26 April 1962 ) , also known as Diabolik , is a Sicilian Mafia boss .
Vipin Pubby ( born 5 January 1956 ) is a former Resident Editor of The Indian Express , Chandigarh .
Valerijs Semjonovs ( born 7 August 1958 ) is a former Latvian footballer who for the most of his career played for FK Daugava Rīga .
Patnam Subramania Iyer ( 1845 -- July 31 , 1902 ) was a composer and singer of Carnatic music .
Terepai Maoate Jnr ( born 5 December 1961 ) , also known as Junior Maoate , is a Cook Islands politician .
Joe Tyler - ( Joseph Tyler ) born 1 April 1982 in Halifax , West Yorkshire is a Freestyle skier .
Alexander Schnetzler ( born 17 April 1979 in Rohrdorf ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right - back for SC Pfullendorf .
Errol McLean ( 3 June 1952 ) is a Guyanese former cyclist .
Sir Charles Philip Haddon - Cave ( better known as Philip Haddon - Cave ; Chinese : 夏鼎基爵士 ) , KBE , CMG ( 6 July 1925 -- 27 September 1999 ) was Financial Secretary of Hong Kong from 1971 to 1981 .
Danielle Fisher ( born 1985 ) is an American mountain climber who in 2005 became the youngest person to complete the Seven Summits and the youngest American to climb Mount Everest .
Geraint Watkins ( born Geraint Meurig Vaughan Watkins , 5 February 1951 ) , is a rock and roll pianist and accordionist backing artistes such as ;
Frederick William Wallace ( 11 December 1886 -- 15 July 1958 ) was a journalist , photographer , historian and novelist .
Danijel Prskalo ( born 27 October 1990 ) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina - born and Austria - based Croatian footballer who is a free agent after playing for TSV Hartberg .
Vasile Ernu ( born 1971 ) is a Soviet - born Romanian writer and left - wing social activist , being one of the founders and coordinators of the Critic Atac website .
Vincenz Hasak ( b. Neustadt , near Friedland , Bohemia , 18 July 1812 ; d. 1 September 1889 , as dean of Weisskirchlitz , near Teplice ) was a Catholic historian .
Mary Ormsby ( born 1960 ) is an associate sports editor for the Toronto Star .
Anu Malik ( born 2 November 1960 ) , born Anwar Sardaar Malik , is an Indian music director and singer who primarily works in the Hindi film industry .
Born in Paris on 14 July 1764 into a family of the petty bourgeoisie , Jean - François Varlet studied at the Collège d'Harcourt .
Father William T. Cunningham ( 1930 -- May 26 , 1997 ) , a Detroit native , began studies for priesthood in 1943 at Sacred Heart Seminary .
Mark Hooper was born in Darlington on 14 July 1901 into a footballing family ; his brother Bill had an eight - year - long professional career while other brothers Chas and Danny had brief periods in the paid ranks .
Ralph Whitworth , born in Sheffield , UK on 29 May 1924 , was a cartoonist for the Sheffield Telegraph .
Jaroslav Krček ( born 22 April 1939 ) is a Czech radio producer , conductor , inventor of musical instruments and composer of classical and folk music .
Colin Grainger ( born 10 June 1933 ) is an English former footballer who played at outside left .
Roberto Dalla Vecchia ( born 5 January 1968 ) is an Italian guitarist , composer , and singer .
Richard Walden ( 4 May 1948 -- 19 November 2009 ) was an English professional footballer .
Brian Lavelle ( born 1972 ) is an experimental Scottish sound artist , born in Glasgow but now living in Edinburgh .
Li Qishi ( born 16 August 1993 ) is a Chinese speed - skater .
Dasi Prabhu Kiran ( born 24 February 1989 in Vijayawada , Andhra Pradesh ) is an Indian cricketer who plays first - class cricket for Andhra Pradesh .
Ngô Phương Lan ( born 1987 in Hanoi ) is Miss World Vietnamese 2007 and first runner up at Miss Vietnam UK 2007 .
Scott Cleverdon ( born 31 July 1969 ) is a Scottish actor best known as the angel Pyriel in the film The Prophecy 3 :
Padmini Chettur ( born 1970 ) is an Indian contemporary dancer , trained by dancer - choreographer Chandralekha .
Robert Dodd McConnell , known as Bertie McConnell ( born 1921 ) is a former Army officer and politician in Northern Ireland .
François Baert ( 25 August 1651 -- 27 October 1719 ) was a Belgian Jesuit hagiographer , one of the Bollandists .
Mhamed El Khalifa ( Arabic : محمد الخليفة‎ -- born 1939 , Marrakech ) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal party .
James Christian Charters ( born 18 January 1988 ) , better known as Ironik ( formerly as DJ Ironik ) , is a British musician , DJ and rapper .
Nikolai Shin ( 1928 in Dalnegorsk , Primorsky Krai , Soviet Union -- August 18 , 2006 in Tashkent , Uzbekistan ) was an Uzbekistani painter of Korean descent , sometimes referred to by Korean newspapers as the `` Picasso of Asia '' .
James McClurg ( 1746 -- July 9 , 1823 ) was a delegate to the Philadelphia Convention and the 17th mayor of Richmond , Virginia .
Anna Kozlova ( born 30 December 1972 ) is a former synchronized swimmer who competed in three Olympic Games .
Selim Abdulakim ( also transliterated in Romanian as : Selim Abdulachim ) ( 1886 - 1943 ) known as the first Crimean Tatar lawyer in Romania was a leading politician of the Tatars in Romania , an activist for ethnic Tatar causes .
Mary Early ( born 1975 , Washington , DC ) is a sculptor living and working in Washington DC . Her three - dimensional works in beeswax , wood , and concrete are abstract references to symmetrical and structured forms .
Wolfgang Kaleck ( born 1960 ) is a German civil rights attorney .
Carmen Iohannis ( also spelled Carmen Johannis ; née Carmen Georgeta Lăzurcă ) ( born 2 November 1960 ) is the wife of President of Romania Klaus Iohannis .
Tina Mahon ( born 24 June 1971 in London , England ) is a former teenage actress , best known for her long - term role as Veronica `` Ronnie '' Birtles in the long - running BBC school drama , Grange Hill .
Lucas Alberto Pereira da Silva ( born 16 June 1992 ) , simply known as Lucas Mineiro , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder .
K.M. Akhtaruzzaman ( Bengali : কে.এম . আক্তারুজ্জামান ; born 7 May 1956 ) is a Bangladeshi industrialist and philanthropist .
Chauncey H. Griffith ( 1879 - -1956 ) , American printer and typeface designer .
Femke Verschueren ( born 8 May 2000 ) is a Belgian singer who represented her country at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2011 .
Ann Lininger ( /ˈlaɪnɪŋɜr/ LINE - ing - er ) ( born 1968 ) is a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Oregon .
Madge Railton , better known as Madge Hindle ( born 19 May 1938 in Blackburn , Lancashire ) is an English actress , best known for her roles in television series .
Himarsha Venkatsamy ( born 15 February 1984 ) is an Indian model and actress , known for winning the Kingfisher Calendar Hunt in 2010 , defeating Anjali Lavania and Nidhi Sunil in the final round .
Chen Shu - chu ( Chinese : 陳樹菊 ; pinyin : Chén Shùjú ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tân Sū - kiok , born circa 1951 ) is a vegetable vendor and philanthropist from Taitung in southeastern Taiwan .
Anil Karanjai ( 27 June 1940 -- 18 March 2001 ) was an accomplished Indian artist .
James E. Atwater ( born 1946 ) is a retired North American multidisciplinary physical scientist with training in geophysics , chemistry and biological science .
Johann von Böber or Boeber or Johann Jacob Beberi ( 22 December 1746 -- 16 July 1820 ) was a German teacher , entomologist and botanist .
Aubrey Mallalieu ( 8 June 1873 -- 28 May 1948 ) was an English actor with a prolific career in supporting roles in films in the 1930s and 1940s .
Karl Höller ( 25 July 1907 -- 14 April 1987 ) was a German composer of the late Romantic tradition .
Alojz Ipavec , also written as Lojze Ipavic ( 20 May 1815 -- 1849 ) , was a Slovenian composer .
Steve Abrams ( born 1949 ) is a Republican member of the Kansas Senate , representing the 32nd District .
Andrew Crater ( born 20 February 1978 in Greensboro , North Carolina ) is an American ex - professional road racing cyclist .
Edward Rainbowe or Rainbow ( 1608 - -1684 ) was an English clergyman and a noted preacher .
Lisa Keith ( born 1962 ) is an American Christian contemporary / pop singer , probably best known for her work as a backing vocalist for other artists and lead vocalist on Herb Alpert 's hit single from 1987 , `` Making Love in the Rain '' .
Soyeon Kate Lee ( 이소연 , born 1979 ) is a Korean - American classical pianist , who currently lives in New York , USA .
Cezary Kucharski ( Polish pronunciation : ( t͡sɛˈzarɨ kuˈxarskʲi ) ) ( born 17 February 1972 ) is a retired Polish football striker .
Karen Kresge ( born 1957 ) is a British choreographer .
Frans Lebu Raya ( born 18 May 1960 in Adonara , East Nusa Tenggara ) is an Indonesian politician who is the 8th and current Governor of East Nusa Tenggara .
Kristína Nevařilová ( born 1991 ) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who has competed since 2007 .
Olga Lipovskaya ( born 1954 ) is a Russian poet and feminist .
Sinead Miller ( born 9 June 1990 ) is an American elite racing cyclist and winner of the 2009 Collegiate Cycling National Criterium Championship .
Salvatore Matrecano ( born 5 October 1970 ) is an Italian former footballer turned football coach , most recently of Lega Pro Prima Divisione team Foligno .
Shubhangi Kulkarni ( born 19 July 1959 ) is a former Indian women cricketer .
Matthew Elderfield ( born 12 January 1966 ) was Deputy Governor and Head of Financial Regulation at the Central Bank of Ireland , a position sometimes referred to colloquial in Ireland as the Financial Regulator between January 2010 and October 2013 .
Itay Talgam ( Hebrew : איתי טלגם ‎ ) ( born 1958 , Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli conductor and business consultant .
Josip Metzger ( 17 August 1883 -- 21 June 1945 ) was a Croatian separatist , member of the fascist Ustaše organisation , and military leader .
Julius Weiss ( born in 1840 or 1841 ) was a German - born American music professor , best known for being Scott Joplin 's `` first piano teacher . ''
Sydney Devine ( born Cleland , Lanarkshire 1940 ) is a Scottish singer whose career began with a television appearance in 1953 at the age of thirteen , developed during eight years touring with the White Heather Group .
Patrik Sinkewitz ( born 20 October 1980 ) is a professional German road racing cyclist , who competes for the Meridiana - Kamen team .
Hildebrando Pascoal Nogueira Neto ( born 17 January 1952 ) , popularly known as the Deputado Motosserra ( chainsaw representative ) , is a Brazilian politician and former colonel of Acre State Military Police .
Cameron Wight ( born 4 May 1985 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League .
Abraham Storck ( or Sturckenburch ) ( bapt . 17 April 1644 in Amsterdm -- buried 8 April 1708 ) , was a Dutch painter , who enjoyed a reputation for his marine paintings , topographical views and Italianate harbour scenes .
Iliya Mechkov ( Bulgarian : Илия Мечков , born 4 September 1969 ) is a Bulgarian fencer .
Henry Abbey ( 11 July 1842 -- 7 June 1911 ) , poet , was born in Rondout ( now a part of Kingston ) , New York , the son of Stephen Abbey , a merchant of farm products , and Caroline Vail .
Dan Anghelescu ( born 24 October 1958 ) is a retired Romanian football player and currently coach .
Henry Cadogan ( 1642 - -1713/14 ) of Liscarton was the son of Major William Cadogan and father of William Cadogan , 1st Earl Cadogan ( 1672 - -1726 ) and Charles Cadogan , 2nd Baron Cadogan ( 1685 - -1776 ) .
Ladislas Ntaganzwa ( born 1962 ) is a Rwandan fugitive war criminal wanted for his role in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide .
Gordon Langford ( born 11 May 1930 as Gordon Maris Colman ) is an English composer , arranger and performer .
Chuck Currie ( born 1969 ) is a United Church of Christ ( UCC ) minister in Portland , Oregon .
Bua Xou Mua ( 1915 - -2013 ) was a Hmong spiritual leader , village chief , and musician .
Robert Woge ( born 14 May 1984 ) is a retired German professional boxer .
Henry Race ( born 7 January 1906 in Liverpool , England ) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League starting on 15 February 1928 .
Matevž Skok ( born 2 September 1986 ) is a professional handball player , who is currently playing for Celje .
Prince Nikolai Petrovitch Troubetzkoy ( 1828 - -1900 ) was a Privy Counsellor and Chamberlain of the Russian Imperial Court , relative of the Decembrist Prince S. P. Troubetzkoy , served as the President of the Moscow branch of the Russian Musical Society , and for many years was a close aide of the composer Nikolai Rubinstein .
Themos Anastasiadis ( Greek : Θεμιστοκλής ( Θέμος ) Αναστασιάδης ) ( born 6 January 1958 ) is a Greek journalist .
Yvonne McGuinness ( born 12 October 1972 ) is an Irish visual artist who works in a variety of contexts , including video installation and print .
Conyers Kirby ( 1884 -- 9 April 1946 ) , also known as Ralph Kirby , was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham .
Parvin Dowlatabadi ( Persian : پروین دولت آبادی‎ ) born 1924-April 15 , 2008 was an Iranian children 's author and poet .
Dean Jarvis ( born 1 June 1992 ) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays for Derry City in the League of Ireland as a left back .
Warren Winiarski ( born 1928 ) is a California winemaker .
Mário Brandão da Silveira , or simply Marlon ( born 26 January 1987 ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Robert Guy Scully ( born 1950 ) is a Canadian television producer , interviewer and host , and a former journalist .
Kenneth Pye ( birth registered January→March 1933 ( age 82 - -83 ) ) birth registered in Pontefract district , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and ' 60s , playing at club level for Castleford .
Kaushik Basu ( born 9 January 1952 ) , is an Indian economist and academic who is Senior Vice - President and Chief Economist of the World Bank .
Sir Samuel McCaughey ( 1 July 1835 -- 25 July 1919 ) was an Irish - born pastoralist , politician and philanthropist in Australia .
Nikolaus Herbet ( 20 March 1889 -- date of death unknown ) was a German SS officer and the second and last commandant of Warsaw concentration camp , during the period from September 1943 to July 1944 .
Darryl Sutton ( born 27 July 1952 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne , Richmond and Sydney in the VFL .
Karl - Erik Palmér ( 17 April 1929 -- 2 February 2015 ) , also known as Calle Palmér , was a Swedish professional football player .
Ali Akbar Pourmoslemi ( Persian:علی اکبر پورمسلمی ; born 8 November 1951 ) is an Iranian international football instructor and professional coach .
Benjamin Northey ( born 1970 ) is an Australian conductor , musician and arranger .
Viktória Petróczi ( born 27 February 1983 in Győr ) is a Hungarian team handball goalkeeper who plays for IUVENTA Michalovce .
Johnny Fry ( 1840 -- October 6 , 1863 ) was the first `` official '' westbound rider of the Pony Express .
Thomas Foley , 3rd Baron Foley PC , DL ( 22 December 1780 -- 16 April 1833 ) , was a British peer and Whig politician .
Major General Smain Lamari ( Arabic : إسماعيل العماري‎ , 1941 -- August 28 , 2007 ) was the head of an Algerian intelligence service , the Department of Counter - Espionage and Internal Security .
Laura Bates BEM ( born 27 August 1986 ) is a British feminist writer .
Tivi Etok ( born 1929 ) is a Canadian Inuit artist , illustrator , and printmaker .
Mick Peppard ( 28 April 1877 -- 30 January 1939 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Julia Unwin FAcSS ( born 6 July 1956 ) is Chief Executive of the Joseph Rowntree Foundation ( JRF ) and the Joseph Rowntree Housing Trust(JRHT ) .
Iravatham Mahadevan ( born 2 October 1930 ) is an Indian epigraphist and former civil servant , known for his successful decipherment of Tamil - Brahmi inscriptions and for his expertise on the epigraphy of the Indus Valley Civilization .
Dominic Marquard , Prince of Löwenstein - Wertheim - Rochefort ( 7 November 1690 -- 11 March 1738 ) was the second Prince of Löwenstein - Wertheim - Rochefort .
Tao Deng ( born June 1963 ) is a Chinese palaeontologist at the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology ( IVPP ) , Chinese Academy of Sciences , who has made important fossil discoveries on Cenozoic mammals .
Patrick Leo Kelly ( 1914 - -2007 ) was a journalist , publicist , writer and public activist .
Robert R. Bennett ( born 1958 ) is an American businessman who was the president and director of the Discovery Holding Company from 2005 to 2008 and president and CEO of Liberty Media from 1997 to 2005 .
Ganna Khlistunova ( also Hanna or Anna , Ukrainian : Ганна Хлістунова ; born 27 February 1988 ) is a Ukrainian swimmer who won one bronze and two gold medals in the 100 m breaststroke at the 2006 European Aquatics Championships and 2007 World Aquatics Championships .
Chris Gutierrez ( born Christopher Juno Gutierrez Balbin on 9 May 1992 ) is a Filipino actor .
Nino Buonocore ( born 26 July 1958 ) is an Italian singer - songwriter , best known for the songs `` Rosanna '' and `` Scrivimi '' .
Florence Crauford Grove ( 1838 - -1902 ) was an English mountaineer and author , sometimes known as F. Crauford Grove .
Datuk Liew Vui Keong ( simplified Chinese : 刘伟强 ; traditional Chinese : 劉偉強 ; pinyin : Liú Wěiqiáng ; born 18 January 1960 ) is a Malaysian politician .
Fernand Lungren ( 1857 - 1932 ) was an American painter and illustrator mostly known for his paintings of American South Western landscapes and scenes ( California , New Mexico , Arizona ) as well as for New York and European city street scenes .
Yekta Uzunoglu or ( Kurdish : Yekta Geylanî‎ ) ( b. 1953 Silvan , Diyarbakır , Turkey ) , is a contemporary Kurdish writer , translator , physician and entrepreneur .
Paul Claes ( born 30 October 1943 ) is a Flemish writer , poet and translator .
Apuckshunubbee ( ca . 1740 - -October 18 , 1824 ) was one of three principal chiefs of the Choctaw Native American tribe in the early nineteenth century , from before 1800 .
Atif Sheikh ( born 18 February 1991 in Nottingham ) is an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire County Cricket Club .
John Eldon Smith ( 1930 -- December 15 , 1983 ) was convicted of the murders of Ronald and Juanita Akins .
Pope Benedict VIII ( Latin : Benedictus VIII ; ca . 980 -- 9 April 1024 ) reigned from 18 May 1012 to his death in 1024 .
Syed Rasel ( Bengali : সৈয়দ রাসেল ) ( born 3 July 1984 ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer .
Thomas Reineck ( born 18 November 1967 ) is a West German - German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s .
Penupatruni Adinarayana Rao ( 1915 - -1991 ) , also known as P. Adinarayana Rao was a Telugu music director , film producer , lyricist and play writer .
Miles Anderson ( born 23 October 1947 ) is a Zimbabwean stage and television actor , who has appeared in television serials both in the United Kingdom , and North America .
Thomas Wæhler ( born 28 July 1973 ) is a Norwegian football defender who last played for Norwegian team Skeid .
Ivan Vaughan ( 18 June 1942 -- 16 August 1993 ) was a boyhood friend of John Lennon , and later schoolmate of Paul McCartney at the Liverpool Institute , both commencing school there in September 1953 .
Emeka Jude Ugali ( born 28 May 1982 ) is a Nigerian football striker , who is currently a player of Pro Vigevano .
Matthew Dicken ( born 27 December 1992 ) is an English darts player who currently competes in British Darts Organisation events .
Mehrzad Marashi ; ( born 20 September 1980 ) is an Iranian - German singer and winner of Deutschland sucht den Superstar season 7 .
Sven - Olof Walldoff ( 2 May 1929 -- 7 June 2011 ) was a Swedish record producer , composer and orchestra conductor who is best known for conducting the orchestra for ABBA 's song `` Waterloo '' for the Eurovision Song Contest 1974 , wearing a Napoleon costume .
Patrizia Pellegrino ( born 28 July 1962 ) is an Italian actress , television personality and singer .
Marlene Nourbese Philip ( born 3 February 1947 ) , usually credited as M. NourbeSe Philip , is a Canadian poet , novelist , playwright , essayist and short story writer .
Stephanie Sinclair ( born 1973 , Miami , FL ) is an American photojournalist who focuses on gender and human - rights issues such as child marriage and self - immolation .
Margaret Greville , 6th Baroness Willoughby de Broke and de jure 14th Baroness Latimer ( c. 1561 -- 1631 ) was a peeress in the peerage of England .
K. Jayakumar ( Malayalam : കെ. ജയകുമാര്‍ ) ( born 6 October 1952 ) is a senior Indian Administrative Service ( IAS ) officer from Kerala who retired as the Chief Secretary , Government of Kerala .
Marjorie Schwarzer ( born 1957 ) is an American museum writer and educator .
Professor Gordon McVie ( born 13 January 1945 ) is an international authority on the treatment and research of cancer .
Jean - Louis Ubaud ( born in Oullins in 1959 ) is a French politician , a member of the Socialist Party .
Moshe Sharoni ( Hebrew : משה שרוני‎ , born 1929 ) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gil between 2006 and 2009 .
Marcelle Karp , a.k.a . Betty Boob , ( born 1964 ) , is an American feminist writer , editor , and television director and producer .
Harold M. Koch ( born 1932 ) was a Roman Catholic priest from Chicago who defected to the Soviet Union in 1966 .
Gareth Nichols ( born 17 June 1983 ) is an Australian bobsledder .
Robert C. Michelson ( born 1951 ) is an American engineer and academic widely known for inventing the entomopter , a biologically inspired flapping - winged aerial robot , and for having established the International Aerial Robotics Competition .
Laura Augé ( born 17 January 1992 ) is a French competitor in synchronized swimming who competed in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships and 2013 World Aquatics Championships .
Franz Karl Hofmann , later Charles Hofmann ( 1763 -- 24 May 1823 ) was a Dutch musician and composer .
Antje Möldner - Schmidt ( born 13 June 1984 ) is a German track and field athlete who specialises in middle distance running and the 3000 metres steeplechase .
William Horsfall Carter , most commonly known in print as W. Horsfall Carter ( 25 March 1900 - 9 June 1976 ) was a British journalist and European civil servant .
Harry Thubron OBE ( Henry James Thubron , 1915 - -1985 ) was an English artist and art teacher .
Stephanie Kelton née Bell ( born 1969 ) is an American economist and an associate professor , currently chairing the Department of Economics at the University of Missouri--
Caroline Redman Lusher ( born Caroline Anne Lusher , 17 April 1974 ) is an English singer and musician , best known for being the founder and director of Rock Choir , the world 's largest amateur contemporary choir .
Carolyn Leonhart ( born 10 July 1971 ) is a jazz singer , daughter of jazz bassist Jay Leonhart and sister of the trumpeter Michael Leonhart .
Ash Thorp ( born March 1983 ) is an illustrator , graphic designer , and creative director for feature films , commercial marketing , and print .
Nancy Mercado Ph.D. ( Born December 1959 ) is an American writer , editor , educator and activist ; her work focuses on issues of injustice , the environment , and the Puerto Rican and Latino experience in the United States .
Andrew Sewnauth ( born 26 February 1982 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish field hockey player , who was a member of the national squad that finished 8th in the 2003 European Nations Cup in Barcelona and won the 2003 Celtic Cup .
Michel Seymour ( born 1954 ) is a Québécois philosopher and professor at the Université de Montréal , where he has been teaching analytical philosophy ( philosophy of language and philosophy of mind ) since 1990 .
Geraint Anderson ( born 1972 in Notting Hill , London ) , is a former City of London utilities sector analyst , and newspaper columnist , best known for his City Boy column in thelondonpaper .
Peter Németh ( born 14 September 1972 ) is a retied Slovak football player of Hungarian ethnic origin .
May Lorna O'Brien BEM ( born 20 May 1932 ) is an Australian educator and author .
Aleksandrs Solovjovs born 25 February 1988 ) is a Latvian footballer , currently playing for Daugava Daugavpils in the Latvian Higher League .
Sebastian Clover , more commonly known as Seb Clover ( born 15 January 1987 ) , is an English record - breaking sailor and paramedic .
Aart Koopmans ( 12 October 1946 -- 15 January 2007 ) was a Dutch business man , president of the Dutch winter speed skating marathon organisation and founder of the Alternative Elfstedentocht .
Ravi Kapoor ( born 27 June 1969 ) is an English actor of Indian heritage best known for his roles on Gideon 's Crossing and Crossing Jordan .
Aleksandr Gitselov ( Russian : Александр Гицелов ; born 24 November 1963 ) is a retired Russian professional footballer .
Ricky O'Loughlin ( born 4 July 1979 ) is a former indigenous Australian rules footballer who played with Adelaide in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Della V. Knight ( 28 January 1878 -- 17 September 1960 ) went to the German Hospital Training School for Nurses in Brooklyn New York and graduated on 12 May 1903 .
Burton J. Westcott ( 1868 - -1926 ) was one of Springfield , Ohio 's most prominent citizens and successful businessmen .
Dushmanthe Srikanthe Ranetunge ( born 25 December 1960 ) , commonly known as Dushy Ranetunge , is a Sri Lankan journalist based in London .
Billy Ocean ( born Leslie Sebastian Charles ; 21 January 1950 ) is a Trinidadian - born English recording artist who had a string of R&B international pop hits in the 1970s and 1980s .
Bernard Zuel ( born 21 January 1965 , Rose - Hill , Mauritius ) is an Australian music journalist .
George Suttor ( 11 June 1774 -- 5 May 1859 ) was an Anglo - Scottish farmer and pioneer settler of Australia , who is notable as the founder of a significant Australian family , and also as a supporter of Captain Bligh following the 1808 Rebellion at Sydney , New South Wales .
Jillian Lane ( 9 May 1960 -- 9 October 2013 ) was a British psychic best known for having Michael Jackson as her client .
Nasser Madani ( Persian : ناصر مدنی‎ ; born 4 July 1940 ) is an Iranian fencer .
Babak Karimi ( Persian : بابک کریمی‎‎ , born 1960 ) is an Iranian actor .
John Jesnor Lindsay ( born 1939 ) is a Scottish former photographer who turned to the more lucrative trade of making blue movies during the late 60s and all the way through the 70s .
Le Dake ( simplified Chinese : 乐大克 ; traditional Chinese : 樂大克 ; pinyin : Lè Dàkè ; born March 1960 ) is a former Chinese politician .
Ihor Podushkin ( 1 November 1963 ) was a football referee .
João Urbano Pessoa de Vasconcelos Suassuna , better known as João Suassuna ( 9 January 1886 -- 9 October 1930 ) was a Brazilian politician from the Sertão region .
Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈiŋkvar̥ ˈɛkkɛr̥t ˈsɪːɣʏr̥θsɔn ) ; born 22 November 1963 ) is an Icelandic actor who has worked extensively in Icelandic cinema .
Antoine Fauchery ( 1823 - -1861 ) was a French adventurer , writer and photographer with republican sympathies .
James Harley ( born 1959 ) is a Canadian composer , author , and professor of music born in Vernon , British Columbia .
Till Backhaus ( born Neuhaus 13 March 1959 ) is a German politician .
William W. Stinson ( born 1935 ) is a former chairman and chief executive officer of Canadian Pacific Railway and former chairman of Sun Life Financial .
Alan Wilks ( born Slough , Buckinghamshire ( now Berkshire ) 5 October 1946 ) was a footballer with Queens Park Rangers .
Eleanor Cross Marquand ( 15 Apr 1873 - - 27 Feb 1950 ) was an authority on the representation and symbolism of flowers and trees in art , particularly of floral emblems in the early Christian church .
Triumf Riza ( 7 May 1979 - August 30 , 2007 ) was a police officer , and member of an elite protection unit with the fledgling Kosovo Police Service , who was killed in the line of duty during an ongoing clash with the Enver Sekiraqa gang , an Ethnic Albanian crime syndicate that operates in Kosovo .
William Gordon Burn Murdoch ( 22 January 1862 -- 19 July 1939 ) was a Scottish painter , travel writer and explorer .
Mick Wall ( born 23 June 1958 ) is a British music journalist , radio and TV presenter and author .
Danay Suarez ( born Danay Suarez Fernandez c. 1985 ) is a Cuban R&B and rap singer .
Davie Armour ( 11 April 1953 -- 2004 ) was a Scottish former professional football player who is best known for his time with Ayr United .
Nadim Kobeissi ( born 1990 ) is a computer programmer and security researcher based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Johannes Falnes ( born 15 December 1931 ) is a Professor Emeritus of Experimental Physics at the Department of Physics of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology noted for his contributions to wave energy research .
Morteza Mansouri ( Persian : مرتضی منصوری born 3 August 1994 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Khoneh Be Khoneh in the Persian Gulf League .
Dragan Šarac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Шарац ; born 27 September 1975 ) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a left - back .
Nicola Willoughby ( born 1981 ) is an English model from Lincolnshire .
Ashley Sexton ( born 21 October 1987 ) is an English professional boxer who was born in Edmonton , North London .
Moon Dae - seong ( Hangul : 문대성 ; Hanja : 文大成 ; born 15 March 1986 ) is a South Korean footballer .
Mahir Jasem ( Arabic : ماهر جاسم‎ ) ( born 22 January 1989 ) is an Emirati footballer .
George Spartels ( born 25 April 1954 ) is an Australian actor of Greek descent on his father 's ancestry , and Irish / English on his mother 's , and his has a younger brother who is a director for the Carlton Football Club in the national AFL .
Ng Eng Hen ( simplified Chinese : 黄永宏 ; traditional Chinese : 黃永宏 ; pinyin : Huáng Yǒnghóng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : N̂g Éng - hông ; born 10 December 1958 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Kim Gyo - gak ( 김교각 , 金喬覺 , 696 - 794 ) , or Jin Qiaojue in Mandarin , was a Buddhist monk believed to be the manifestation of Ksitigarbha at Mount Jiuhua , one of the four sacred mountains of Chinese Buddhism , located in Anhui province , China .
Su You - peng ( born 11 September 1973 ) , also known as Alec Su , is a Taiwanese actor , pop singer , television producer , and film director .
Viktor Alekseevich Zverev ( Russian : Виктор Алексеевич Зверев , born 1935 ) Russian physicist , specialist in optics , Professor of Saint - Petersburg National Research University of Information Technologies , Mechanics and Optics .
Olga Erofeeva ( Russian : Ольга Ерофеева ; born 1985 ) is a Russian professional triathlete , 2011 National Elite Duathlon Champion , and National Aquathlon Vice - Champion of 2011 .
Renée French ( born 1963 ) is an American comics writer and illustrator and , under the pen name Rainy Dohaney , a children 's book author .
Myron Angel ( 1827 - 1911 ) was a historian and journalist who led efforts to found California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo , California .
Michael A. Calhoun ( born 1954 ) is an Army National Guard major general who serves as the Adjutant General of Florida .
Phil Clarke ( born Sunday 16 May 1971 in Blackrod , Lancashire ) is an English professional rugby league football commentator and former player of the 1980s and ' 90s .
Tsuneo Tamagawa ( Japanese : 玉河 恒夫 , Tamagawa Tsuneo , born in 1925 in Tokyo ) is a mathematician .
Dr. Louis Achille Othello Bayard `` de Cayes '' ( 1885 - -1971 ) is a Haitian musician , violinist , poet , and composer .
John Albert Morris ( July 1836 -- May 25 , 1895 ) was an American businessman widely known as the `` Lottery King '' and a prominent figure in the sport of thoroughbred horse racing .
Robert Studley Vidal ( 1770 - -1841 ) was an English barrister , known as a translator , legal writer and antiquary .
Zorica Brunclik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зорица Брунцлик ; born 29 June 1955 ) is a Serbian singer of folk music , both traditional and newly composed .
KeMonito ( Born in 1967 ) is a Mexican Mascota enmascarado , or masked professional wrestling manager / mascot currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) portraying a tecnico ( `` Good guy '' ) wrestling character .
James Begley ( born 22 July 1980 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Adelaide in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and Sturt Football Club in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Aharon Mordechai Rokeach ( born 12 October 1975 ( 7 Cheshvan 5736 ) ) is the only child and heir of the current Rebbe of Belz , Rabbi Yissachar Dov Rokeach .
Bertrand du Pouget ( Italian Bertrando del Poggetto ) ( 1280 -- 3 February 1352 ) was a French papal diplomat and Cardinal .
Ekoji II Bhonsle ( 1694 or 1696 - -1737 ) aka Venkoji II or Vyankoji II of the Bhonsle dynasty was the eldest surviving son of Maratha king of Thanjavur Tukkoji who succeeded to the throne on the death of his father in 1736 .
Samuel Teuber ( born 13 February 1987 ) is a Chilean footballer who plays as striker and is currently a free agent .
Akachukwu Sullivan Nwankpo ( born 10 April 1962 ) , is a Nigerian politician , Igbo political leader and peace - maker .
John Helder Wedge ( 1793 -- 22 November 1872 ) was a surveyor , explorer and politician in Van Diemen 's Land ( now Tasmania , Australia ) .
Dai Paterson ( born 24 April 1977 ) is an Australian stage and film actor who has appeared in such television series as Beastmaster and Dog 's Head Bay .
Pavel Bareisha ( Belarusian : Павал Барэйша ; born 16 February 1991 ) is a Belarusian athlete whose specialty is the hammer throw .
Theo Streete ( born 23 November 1987 ) is an English footballer who plays for Nuneaton Town .
' Kirti Vardhan Singh ' ( born 1 March 1966 ) is an Indian politician for the Gonda ( Lok Sabha constituency ) in Uttar Pradesh .
Clare Buckfield ( born 10 April 1976 ) is an English actress , best known for playing the role of Jenny Porter in the BBC sitcom 2point4 Children for most of the nineties and Natasha Stevens in the CBBC series Grange Hill .
Leandro Joaquim Ribeiro ( born 13 January 1995 ) , commonly known as Leandro , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Sport Club Internacional .
Michael Sheard ( 18 June 1938 -- 31 August 2005 ) was a Scottish actor who featured in a large number of films and television programmes and was best known for playing villains .
Edip Yüksel ( Kurdish : ادیپ یوکسل ; born 1957 ) is a Kurdish American intellectual considered one of the prime figures in the modern Islamic reform and Quranism ( Quraniyoon ) movements .
The Rev Dr John Pye - Smith FRS , FGS ( 25 May 1774 -- 5 February 1851 ) was a Congregational theologian and tutor , associated with reconciling geological sciences with the Bible , repealing the Corn Laws and abolishing slavery .
Elizabeth Putnam Sohier ( 1847 - -1926 ) , a member of Boston 's wealthy class , persuaded the Massachusetts Legislature to establish the Free Library Commission in 1890 - -the first of its kind in the United States .
Pamela Colman Smith ( 16 February 1878 -- 18 September 1951 ) , also nicknamed Pixie , was an English American artist , illustrator , and writer .
Cassandra Cass ( born Casey , 1978 in Des Moines , Iowa ) is an American actress and performer and reality - television star .
Einar Steensnæs ( born 10 March 1942 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democrats , and served as parliamentary representative for Rogaland 1993 - 1997 .
Nina Starr Braunwald ( 1928 - -1992 ) was an American thoracic surgeon and medical researcher who was among the first women to perform open - heart surgery .
Andrew McGuire ( born in 1945 in Oakland , California ) is an American trauma prevention specialist and grassroots campaigner .
Yang Lu - ch'an or Yang Luchan , also known as Yang Fu - k'ui or Yang Fukui ( 1799 - -1872 ) , born in Kuang - p'ing ( Guangping ) , was an influential teacher of the internal style martial art t'ai chi ch'uan ( taijiquan ) in China during the second half of the 19th century .
Guilherme Paraense ( 25 June 1884 -- 18 April 1968 ) was a Brazilian sport shooter and Olympic Champion .
Ilaria Mauro ( born 22 May 1988 ) is an Italian football striker who plays in Germany for 1 .
John Richard Sandbrook OBE ( 13 August 1946 -- 11 December 2005 ) was Director of the International Institute for Environment and Development from 1976 to 1980 .
Klaus Bonhoeffer ( 5 January 1901 -- 23 April 1945 ) was a German jurist and resistance fighter against the Nazi régime who was executed after the July 1944 plot to kill Hitler .
Diane Mantzaris ( born 1962 ) is an Australian artist known for her pioneering application of digital imaging to printmaking and for her unconventional approach to image making , which is often both personal and political in content .
Micky Cross ( born 1901 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing - back and as a left corner - back for the Limerick senior team .
Erik van Schaaik ( Maartensdijk , 24 July 1968 ) is a Dutch animator , screenwriter , film- and television director , producer , production designer and composer .
Bruno Maag ( born 1962 ) is a Swiss type designer and founder of type design company Dalton Maag .
Elgar Howarth ( born 4 November 1935 ) , is an English conductor , composer and trumpeter .
Carsten Wieland was born in 1971 , Mannheim , southwest Germany .
Ève Luquet ( born 6 September 1954 in Paris ) is a stamp designer and engraver .
Avi Muchnick ( born 1979 ) is an artist , author , programmer and entrepreneur .
Steven R. Donziger ( born in 1961 ) is an American lawyer , a former public defender who came to prominence for representing the plaintiffs ( thousands of Amazon peasants and tribespeople ) in the Lago Agrio oil field case against the former well operator Texaco , now part of Chevron Corporation .
Jukka Laaksonen ( born 15 July 1958 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish comedian , impressionist and compere .
Petr Rajnoha ( born in 1974 ) is a Czech organist .
Gilbert L. Gigliotti ( born 7 November 1961 ) is a Professor of early American literature in the English Department at Central Connecticut State University in New Britain , Connecticut , where he has taught since 1992 .
Tom Spillane ( born 1962 ) was a Gaelic footballer for Templenoe and Kerry in the 1980s .
Charles Edward Jefferson ( born 1860 ) - American Congregational clergyman
Olsi Krasniqi ( born 28 June 1992 ) is an Albanian - born English professional rugby league footballer , who plays for the Salford Red Devils in the Super League .
Meshulam Dovid Soloveitchik ( known as Reb or Rav Dovid ) ( born 1921 ) ( Hebrew : משולם דוד סולובייצ'יק‎ ) is an Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva of one of the branches of the Brisk yeshivas in Jerusalem , Israel , attended by select young Talmudists , mainly from the United States .
August Gustafsson Lohaprasert ( Thai : ออกัสต์ กุสตาฟส์สัน เลาหประเสริฐ , born 3 September 1993 ) , sometimes spelled August Gustavsson Lohaprasret , is a Swedish - Thai .
Robert Kyr ( born 1952 ) is an American composer , writer , filmmaker , and professor of music composition and theory .
Bakari Sumano ( 1935 - July 21 , 2003 ) was head of Malian association of griots ( wandering poet - musicians ) from 1994 until his death .
Andrew Scott Irving ( 13 October 1837 -- 29 April 1904 ) was a Scottish - born Canadian bookseller and publisher .
Erkki Miinala ( born in Kemi on 19 August 1986 ) is a Finnish goalball player .
Franz von Uchatius ( 1811 - -1881 ) was an Austrian artillery general and inventor .
Maria Gustava Gyllenstierna ( 27 October 1672 - -5 November 1737 ) was a Swedish countess , writer and translator .
Richell Bonner ( born 8 September 1971 ) , better known as Richie Spice is a Jamaican reggae artist .
Claudia Guri Moreno ( born 1 May 1995 in Escaldes ) is an athlete who represents Andorra .
Leonardo Fariña ( born Jorge Fariña ; 5 October 1986 in La Plata ) is an Argentinian accountant and businessman who was implicated in the political scandal known as The K money trail involving entrepreneur Lázaro Báez and the Kirchner regime .
Riad Asmat ( born 17 November 1971 in Petaling Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia ) is the CEO of Caterham F1 Team and Team Principal of the Caterham Racing GP2 team .
Ted Skjellum ( born 4 March 1972 in Kolbotn , Oppegård ) , also known by the stage names Nocturno Culto , Nocturno or Kveldulv , is a Norwegian musician best known as the vocalist , lead guitarist , and partial bassist ( shared with Fenriz ) of the influential black metal band Darkthrone .
Hazem Adnan Jawdat Abu Hussein commonly known as Hazem Jawdat ( Arabic : حازم عدنان جودت أبو حسين‎ ; born 5 March 1984 ) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian descent , who plays for Sohar SC in the Omantel Professional League .
Jacelyn Tay ( Chinese : 郑秀珍 ; pinyin : Zhèng Xiùzhēn born on 12 June 1975 ) is a Singaporean actress .
James Douglas , 3rd Marquess of Queensberry ( 2 November 1697 -- 24 January 1715 ) , known until 1711 as James Douglas , Earl of Drumlanrig , was a Scottish nobleman , the eldest son to survive infancy ( the second son ) of James Douglas , 2nd Duke of Queensberry .
C. Abdul Hakim ( 1863 - -1938 ) was a Muslim trader and politician from the Madras Presidency .
Pierre Dulaine ( born 23 April 1944 ) is a dance instructor and dancer .
Olle Råde ( born 11 December 1978 ) is a professional Magic :
Michael Levin ( /ˈlɛvɪn/ ; born 21 May 1943 ) is a philosophy professor at City University of New York .
Rich Coleman ( born c. 1956 ) is British Columbia 's Deputy Premier , Minister of Energy and Mines , minister responsible for Housing and MLA for the riding of Fort Langley - Aldergrove .
Sir Hugh Paterson , 1st Baronet , was born in or around the year 1659 .
Alexey Chesnakov ( born September 1 , 1970 , Baku , Azerbaijan SSR ) is a Russian political scientist and director of the Center for Current Politics ( CPC ) .
Hussein Faris ( Arabic : حسين فارس‎ , Hebrew : חוסיין פארס ; born 18 September 1935 ) is an Israeli Arab former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam and Meretz between 1988 and 1992 .
Imanol Alguacil Barrenetxea ( born 4 July 1971 ) , simply known as Imanol , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back or a central midfielder , and the current coach of Real Sociedad B.
Luther Lochman von Wedekind ( 1864 - November 24 , 1935 ) was medical director for the United States Navy .
Éric Assadourian ( Armenian : Էրիկ Ասադուրյան , born on 24 June 1966 ) is a French born Armenian former football striker .
Swami Vireshwarananda , the tenth President of the Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission , was born on 31 October 1892 at Chennai .
Ronald Senungetuk ( born 1933 ) is an Iñupiaq artist originally from Wales , Alaska who works primarily in wood and metal .
Irving Wensley Carlson ( b. 1941 ) is a former farmer , railway worker and political figure in Saskatchewan .
Bakul Harshadrai Dholakia ( born 15 July 1947 ) is the Indian , present Director General of International Management Institute , New Delhi .
Chen Xiaojia ( Chinese : 陈晓佳 , born 2 April 1988 ) is a Chinese basketball player for Jiangsu Phoenix and the Chinese national team , where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship .
Michael Herron ( born 1986 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre - back and vice - captain of the Antrim senior team .
Paul Blackthorne ( born 5 March 1969 ) is an English actor for film , television , and radio .
Manda Ophuis ( born 27 November 1980 ) is a Dutch singer and composer , who is best known for being the lead vocalist in the Dutch symphonic rock band Nemesea .
Jonathan Ellery ( born 1964 ) is an English artist and founder of British design studio Browns .
Arthur Motley ( 5 February 1858 -- 28 September 1897 ) was an English amateur first - class cricketer , who played two matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1879 .
Anton Foliforov ( born 3 January 1981 ) is a Russian mountain bike orienteer .
Bryan Van Den Bogaert ( born 14 December 1991 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for English club Ebbsfleet United , as a left back .
Christos Koutsospyros ( Greek : Χρήστος Κουτσοσπύρος ; born 14 October 1981 ) is a Greek footballer .
Larry Huggins ( born c. February 1950 ) is the president and chief executive officer of Riteway - Huggins Construction Services ( formerly Riteway Construction Services Inc. ) He is the former board Chairman of the Chicago - area commuter rail service Metra .
Park Yung - woo ( Hangul : 박영우 , born 1952 ) is a South Korean physicist , who has worked in the field of materials science .
The Hon . Philip Havers , QC ( born 16 June 1950 ) is an English barrister .
Reg McKay ( 15 July 1953 -- 19 October 2009 ) was a Scottish journalist with the Daily Record newspaper .
Frederick Goulburn ( 1788 -- 10 February 1837 ) was a British army officer and the first Colonial Secretary of New South Wales ( 1 January 1821 to 7 January 1826 ) .
John Wheble ( 2 February 1746 -- 22 September 1820 ) was an English printer , author and antiquary .
Alice Patrick ( born 1948 ) is an African - American muralist and sculptor .
Princess Isabella of Denmark , Countess of Monpezat ( Isabella Henrietta Ingrid Margrethe ; born 21 April 2007 ) , is the second child and elder daughter of Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary .
Pasa Tosusu ( c. 1958 -- June 15 or 16 , 2012 ) was a Vanuatuan civil servant who served as the country 's fourth Ombudsman .
Albert Carnesale ( born 2 July 1936 ) is an American academic .
Peter Ritzen ( born 21 January 1956 ) is a Flemish pianist composer and conductor .
Miles Mander ( 14 May 1888 -- 8 February 1946 ) , born Lionel Henry Mander ( and sometimes credited as Luther Miles ) , was a well - known and versatile English character actor of the early Hollywood cinema , also a film director and producer , and a playwright and novelist .
Alexander Nikitin ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Константи́нович Ники́тин ; born 16 May 1952 ) is a Russian former submarine officer and nuclear safety inspector turned environmentalist .
Tall Bull ( 1830 - July 11 , 1869 ) ( Hotóa'ôxháa'êstaestse ) was a chief of the Cheyenne Dog Soldiers .
Sándor Németh ( 8 August 1925 -- 7 December 1993 ) was a Hungarian swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200 m breaststroke at the 1947 European Aquatics Championships .
Mattia Stefanelli ( born 12 March 1993 ) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays for Juvenes--
Maya Stojan ( born 28 June 1986 in Genève ) is a Swiss actress who lives in Los Angeles .
Helen Ivory ( born 1969 ) is an English poet , artist , tutor and editor .
Madhab Rajbangshi ( 7 July 1954 ) is an Indian Politician . He was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of the Indian Parliament from the Mangaldoi constituency of Assam in 1998 and 1999 and is a member of the Indian National Congress .
Kevin Meddings ( born 12 October 1941 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Nicke Andersson ( also known as Nick Royale ) , born 1 August 1972 is a Swedish singer , guitarist , drummer , songwriter and composer most known for his work as the singer and guitarist of the successful Grammy award winning rock band The Hellacopters as well as the former drummer for Swedish death metal band Entombed .
Willem Frans Daems , PhD ( 3 December 1911 -- 29 December 1994 ) was a pharmacist , anthroposophist , pianist , teacher and editor .
Richard Nunns QSM ( born 1945 ) is a Māori traditional instrumentalist of Pākehā heritage .
Rachel Tzabari ( Hebrew : רחל צברי‎ , 27 July 1909 -- 16 February 1995 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai and its successors between 1952 and 1969 .
Nicholas Harpsfield ( 1519 - -1575 ) was an English historian and a Roman Catholic apologist and priest under Henry VIII , whose policies he opposed .
Steven Hocking ( born 18 January 1965 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL / AFL .
Ilya Salmanzadeh ( /sɑːlmənˈzɑːdə/ ; born 19 September 1986 ) , known mononymously as Ilya , is a Swedish songwriter , producer and singer .
Matthäus Abbrederis ( 1652 -- c. 1725 ) was an Austrian organist and organ builder .
Stephen Wild ( born 26 April 1981 in Wigan , England ) is a semi professional rugby league footballer for the North Wales Crusaders .
Frederick C. Kulow ( born in 1925 , in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; died December 2 , 2004 in New London , New Hampshire ) was an independent U.S. businessman who founded several businesses focusing primarily on nutrition and natural food products .
Stewart Henderson ( born 5 June 1947 ) is a Scottish former footballer who played in the Football League for Brighton & Hove Albion and Reading as a full back .
Cristian Hidalgo González ( born 21 September 1983 ) , known simply as Cristian , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Moroccan club Moghreb Tétouan as a winger .
Tedj Bensaoula ( Arabic : تاج بن سحاولة‎ ) ( born 1 December 1954 in Tessala , Sidi Bel Abbès Province ) is an Algerian football manager and former player .
Seit Devdariani ( Georgian : სეით დევდარიანი ) ( 1879 , in Kutaisi -- September 21 , 1937 , in Tbilisi ) was a Georgian philosopher and political activist who was executed during Joseph Stalin 's Great Purge .
Valentine Nwabili ( born 17 March 1987 ) is a Nigerian footballer who playsas a left back .
Ibtisam Ibrahim Teresa ( Arabic : ابتسام ابراهيم تريسى ) ( born 1959 ) is a Syrian novelist and short story writer .
Colonel William McLellan CBE ( 1874 - -1934 ) was a Scottish electrical engineer .
Adelaide Herrmann ( 1853 - 1932 ) was a noted magician and vaudeville performer .
Thomas Nilsen ( 29 August 1968 ) is a Norwegian journalist who has extensively covered oil drilling in the Arctic region .
Willem Hendrik Johan van Idsinga ( 25 June 1822 -- 16 November 1896 ) was a Dutch politician and colonial official , who served as Governor of the Dutch Gold Coast between 1865 and 1867 and as Governor of Surinam between 29 June 1867 and 1 August 1873 .
Patrick Hanks ( born 24 March 1940 ) is an English lexicographer , corpus linguist , and onomastician .
Meshack Asare ( born 1945 ) is a popular African children 's author .
Carolus Hacquart ( the latinised form of his original name : Carel Hacquart ) ( c. 1640 - after 1686 ) was a Flemish composer and musician .
Mattheos Maroukakis ( Greek : Ματθαίος Μαρουκάκης ; born 4 January 1990 ) is a professional Greek football player , currently playing for AEL in the Greek Football League as a Striker .
Michalis Avgenikou ( Greek : Μιχάλης Αυγενικού ; born 25 January 1993 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Kissamikos , in the Greek Football League , as defensive midfielder .
Rhys Shellard ( born 25 June 1985 ) is a rugby union player for Cardiff RFC and Cardiff Blues in the Magners League .
Jean - Baptiste Gatete ( born 1953 ) is a Rwandan politician , convicted of conspiracy to commit genocide , genocide and extermination in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide .
Pippa Garner ( born 1942 ) , formerly known as Philip Garner , is an artist and author known for making parody forms of consumer products as well as custom bicycles and automobiles .
Moses Olaiya ( born 1936 ) , better known by his stage name `` Baba Sala '' , is a Nigerian comedian , dramatist and actor .
Richard Mounteney ( or Mountney ) ( 1707 - -1768 ) was an Irish judge and classical scholar .
Flavio Maspoli ( 29 January 1950 - 11/12 June 2007 ) was a Swiss politician and a co - founder of the Lega dei Ticinesi .
Keith Dowman ( born 1945 ) is an English Dzogchen teacher and translator of Tibetan Buddhist texts .
Eduard Ovčáček ( born 5 March 1933 ) is a Czech graphic artist , sculptor , lettrist , painter and professor at the University of Ostrava .
Barbara Poppe ( born 1958 ) is the founder and principal of Barbara Poppe & Associates LLC . Barbara served as Executive Director of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness ( USICH ) from November 2009 to March 2014 .
Andres Koogas ( born 5 September 1987 ) is an Estonian football coach and a former professional football player .
Michael Knighton ( born 4 October 1951 ) is an English businessman , best known for his involvement in Manchester United and Carlisle United football clubs .
Nicanor Molinas ( August 1823 - July 1892 ) was an Argentine lawyer , politician and prominent official during the last years of the Argentine Confederation .
Chet Williamson ( born 19 June 1948 ) is the author of nearly 20 books and over 100 short stories published in Esquire , The New Yorker , Playboy , and many other magazines and anthologies .
Regina Salomée Halpir ( 1718 -- after 1763 ) was an 18th - century oculist .
Janita Maria ( née Raukko ; born 28 December 1978 ) , better known by her stage name Janita , ( pronounced `` YA - nee - tuh '' ) is a Finnish - American singer - songwriter .
Paulin Joachim ( born 1931 in Cotonou , Dahomey ) is a Beninese poet , journalist , and editor .
Luis Marín Sabater ( born 4 September 1906 , date of death unknown ) was a Spanish - Basque football player of the 1930s and 1940s .
Iacopo La Rocca ( born 17 February 1984 ) is an Italian footballer , who plays as a defensive midfielder in the A - League for Adelaide United FC .
B. Jay Becker ( 1904 - October 9 , 1987 ) was an American lawyer and bridge champion .
Sara Sperati , born as Adele Sperati , ( 1956 - ... ) was an Italian film actress .
Dimitris Kravaritis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Κραβαρίτης , born 28 March 1972 ) is a retired Greek water polo player who played his entire career for Olympiacos .
Peter Keevash ( born 30 November 1978 ) is a British mathematician , specializing in combinatorics .
Franz Gebauer ( Hungarian : Gebauer Ferenc ) ( 1888 - -1958 ) was an Austrian inventor and weapons designer , including an early power - operated machine gun which actually saw service use .
Nuno Pombo ( born 20 April 1978 ) is a Portuguese athlete who competes in archery .
Ronald King Murray , Lord Murray PC ( born 15 June 1922 ) is a former Scottish Labour politician and judge .
Sir George Digby Morant , KCB ( 8 August 1837 -- 13 February 1921 ) was an admiral in the British Royal Navy .
Robbie Dale ( real name Robbie Robinson ) ' The Admiral ' was born in Littleborough , Lancashire , England on 21 April 1940 .
Manuel Jiménez Ramírez ( December 9 , 1919 -- March 4 , 2005 ) was a Mexican carver , sculptor and painter credited as the originator of the Oaxacan version of `` alebrijes , '' animal creatures carved in wood and painted in strong contrasting colors with intricate designs .
Andrice Arp ( born 1969 in Los Angeles ) is a U.S. comics artist and illustrator , and the daughter of Halton Arp .
Günther Schwägermann ( born 24 July 1915 ) served in the Nazi government of German dictator Adolf Hitler .
Derek McGill ( born 14 October 1975 ) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a Forward .
Adriana Lestido ( born 1955 ) is an Argentine photographer and photojournalist .
Jeanne - Hippolyte Devismes ( 1765 -- 1834 ? ) ( née Jeanne - Hippolyte Moyroud ) was a French composer .
Gopal Bhargava ( born 1 July 1952 ) is a Minister of Co - operative , Social Justice , Panchayat and Rural Development in Madhya Pradesh , government , India .
Eva Raboso ( born 1976 ) is a Spanish abstract neo - expressionist cinetic artist .
Stephen Simpson ( born 8 January 1984 ) is an A1 Grand Prix and Champ Car Atlantic Championship race car driver .
Eti Livni ( Hebrew : אתי לבני‎ , born 1 June 1948 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui and the Secular Faction between 2003 and 2006 .
Marco Davide Faraoni ( born 25 October 1991 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a full back for Serie B club Novara on loan from Udinese .
Adam Walton ( born 31 May 1971 in Davenham , Cheshire ) is a radio presenter for BBC Radio Wales .
Gavin Cullen ( born 21 November 1980 ) is a footballer currently playing for Coleraine .
Salama Ahmed Salama ( 1932 -- 11 July 2012 ) was an eminent and well - respected Egyptian journalist , editor and author .
Věra Tichánková ( 7 December 1920 -- 9 January 2014 ) was a Czech actress , whose career spanned over seven decades .
Alec Sabin ( born 28 August 1947 ) is a Yorkshire born British actor .
Badi Assad ( born 23 December 1966 ) is a Brazilian singer , songwriter , percussionist and guitarist in the jazz and worldbeat genres .
Charles McCrum ( born 8 December 1964 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish former cricketer .
Rudolph von Langen ( 1438 or 1439 -- December 1519 ) was a German Catholic divine , who helped introduced Humanistic ideas to the town of Munster , Westphalia .
Tapu Javeri ( Urdu : ٹپو جویری ; born Mustapha Farabi Javeri on 5 May 1965 ) is a Pakistani fashion and art photographer , radio host and jewellery designer .
Hakija Hadžić ( 1883 - -1953 ) was Herzegovinian Muslim politician who belonged to the group of Muslim politicians from Bosnia , who nationally felt Croats and approached the Ustasha movement .
Zdravko Popović ( born 2 January 1983 ) is a Croatian footballer who plays as Forward for Balmazújvárosi .
Paul Verryn ( born 26 February 1952 ) is an ordained minister of the Methodist Church of Southern Africa and a controversial figure in the Church and society .
Balthasar Russow ( 1536 - -1600 ) was one of the most important Livonian and Estonian chroniclers .
Evgenios Kitsas ( Greek : Ευγένιος Κίτσας ; born 12 August 1982 ) is a professional footballer .
Xia Yuanji ( Chinese : 夏原吉 ) ( 1366 - -1430 ) was a Ming Dynasty government minister .
Stella Browne ( 9 May 1880 -- 8 May 1955 ) was a Canadian - born British feminist , socialist , sex radical , and birth control campaigner .
John Quiggin ( born 29 March 1956 ) is an Australian economist , a Professor and an Australian Research Council Laureate Fellow at the University of Queensland , and a member of the Board of the Climate Change Authority of the Australian Government .
Peter Baumann ( born 29 January 1953 ) formed the core line - up of the pioneering German electronic group Tangerine Dream with Edgar Froese and Christopher Franke in 1971 .
Juan Ramón Koenig ( 1623 Mechelen - 19 July 1709 Lima , Peru ) was a Peruvian scientist .
Ian Lenagan ( born 1946 , Scholes , Wigan ) is a business entrepreneur , theatre producer and shareholder of London Broncos , chairman and owner of Wigan Warriors and a director at Oxford United FC .
Tarek Boukensa ( Arabic : طارق بوكنسة‎ ) ( born 19 November 1981 in Annaba ) is an Algerian runner , who specializes in the 1500 metres .
Modesto Roma Júnior ( born 5 December 1952 ) is a Brazilian businessman of the communications industry , and is the current president of Santos FC .
Stephanie Parker ( 29 March 1987 -- 18 April 2009 ) was a Welsh actress , best known for playing Stacey Weaver on BBC Wales ' television series , Belonging , since the age of 15 .
Ashleigh Barty ( born 24 April 1996 ) is an Australian professional tennis player and cricketer .
Avraham Sharir ( Hebrew : אברהם שריר‎ , born 23 December 1932 ) is a former Israeli politician .
Ngô Văn Doanh ( born 1949 ) is a Vietnamese archaeologist , social scientist and cultural researcher .
David Magen ( Hebrew : דוד מגן‎ , born David Monsonego ; 4 September 1945 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a Minister without Portfolio and Minister of Economics and Planning in the 1990s .
Rupert Norfolk ( born 1974 , UK ) is an artist based in London .
Paul Francis McDermott ( born 17 September 1965 ) , who performs as Paul Mac , is an Australian electropop musician , singer - songwriter , producer and music re - mixer .
Marc Dumitru ( born 5 April 1986 ) is a German actor and singer of Romanian descent .
Todd Viney ( born 30 March 1966 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the VFL / AFL .
Philip E. Nelson ( born 1934 ) is an American food scientist who is best known for his work in bulk aseptic processing and packaging of food and the use of chlorine dioxide gas and hydrogen peroxide liquid to commercially sterilize food products and food contact surfaces .
Sakaida Kakiemon ( 酒井田柿右衛門 ) , or Sakaida Kizaemon ( 1615 - - 1653 ) was a Japanese potter who invented the style known after him as Kakiemon .
Quock Walker , also known as Kwaku or Quok Walker ( b. 1753 - d. unknown ) , was an American slave who sued for and won his freedom in June 1781 in a case citing language in the new Massachusetts Constitution ( 1780 ) that declared all men to be born free and equal .
Kyle Dubas ( born 29 November 1985 ) is a Canadian hockey executive who is the current Assistant General Manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League .
Ibrahim Zukanović ( born 21 December 1957 in Zenica , Bosnia - Herzegovina ) is a former Bosnian football player who is currently football coach of HNK Sloga Uskoplje .
Mandisi Arnold Shindo ( born 1989 , stage name Dr Disi ) is a South African actor , writer , director , voice and dance performer , and the founder of the Iselwa Lesizwe Theatre Company .
Niki Terpstra ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈniki ˈtɛrpstraː ) ; born 18 May 1984 ) is a Dutch racing cyclist with UCI ProTeam Etixx - Quick Step .
Chiranjeevi Sarja ( Kannada : ಚಿರಂಜೀವಿ ಸರ್ಜಾ ; born 17 October 1984 ) , mononymously known as Chiru , is an Indian film actor based in Kannada Film Industry .
Aleksandr Beketov ( born 14 March 1970 ) is a Russian fencer and Olympic champion in the épée competition .
Uvaldo Luna Martínez ( born 21 December 1993 ) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Tigres UANL in the Liga MX as a Right Midfielder , and alternatively as a Centre Forward .
Art Malik ( born Athar ul - Haque Malik ; 13 November 1952 ) is a Pakistani - born British actor who achieved international fame in the 1980s through his starring and subsidiary roles in assorted British and Merchant - Ivory television serials and films .
Claudio Casacci ( born 1958 ) is an Italian space scientist and astronomy enthusiast .
Andreas Staub ( 17 October 1806 -- 5 April 1839 ) was an Austrian watercolour painter and lithographer .
Christopher John Suenson - Taylor , 3rd Baron Grantchester ( known as John Grantchester ; born 8 April 1951 ) is a British peer and Labour politician .
Jimmy Starr ( 3 February 1904 -- August 13 , 1990 ) was an American screenwriter and columnist .
Fatou Niang Siga ( born 1932 ) and is a Senegalese author and schoolteacher .
Adam Birnbaum ( born 1979 ) is an American jazz pianist , composer , and arranger .
Yiannis Zisimides ( Greek : Γιάννης Ζησιμίδης ; born 17 August 1967 ) is a retired Cypriot athlete who competed in the sprinting events .
Mordechai Lavi ( Hebrew : מרדכי לביא , born 1978 ) is an Israeli radio broadcaster and owner and general manager of the Kikar HaShabbat news website .
Séamus Qualter ( born 1966 ) is an Irish retired hurler and hurling manager .
Mungara Yamini Krishnamurthy ( born 20 December 1940 ) is an eminent Indian dancer of Bharatnatyam and Kuchipudi styles of dancing .
István Iglódi ( 29 April 1944 -- 3 December 2009 ) was a Hungarian actor and stage director .
Bård Kvalheim ( born 17 September 1973 ) is a Norwegian retired athlete .
Paresh Rawal ( born 30 May 1950 ) is an Indian film actor , thespian and politician known for his works notably in Bollywood and Telugu cinema .
Jørres Schelderup Hansen ( 1811 - ? ? ) was a Norwegian politician .
Arthur Verdier ( 1835 - -1898 ) was a French mariner , shipowner , merchant and pioneer .
Mikheil Potskhveria ( Georgian : მიხეილ ფოცხვერია ; born 12 August 1975 ) is a retired Georgian professional football player .
Hananosato Yukio ( 塙ノ里幸与 , born 8 May 1983 as Yukio Murakami ) is a sumo wrestler from Hitachi , Ibaraki , Japan .
George Goninon ( born 18 April 1927 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Tasmanian North West Football Union ( NWFU ) and Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Raphaël Coleman ( born 30 September 1994 ) is a British teen actor , best known for his role as Eric Brown in Nanny McPhee .
Saif Ali Khan ( pronounced ( ˈsɛːf əˈli ˈxaːn ) ; born Sajid Ali Khan on 16 August 1970 ) is an Indian film actor and producer .
Jim Shepard ( born 1956 ) is an American author and professor of creative writing and film at Williams College .
Donato Gama da Silva ( born 30 December 1962 ) , known simply as Donato , is a retired footballer who played from the 1980s to early 2000s .
Dominic Scott ( born 15 May 1979 ) is an Irish guitarist , and the founder of the English rock band Roundstone and a founding member of rock band Keane .
Mary Tregear ( 11 February 1924 -- 17 December 2010 ) was a museum curator and art historian specializing in Chinese art . She was born in Wuchang , China .
James V. LaSala ( born 1904 ) was a Brooklyn mobster and drug trafficker who eventually controlled syndicate drug trafficking in California and several other Southwestern states .
Hugo Falkenheim ( 4 September 1856 -- 22 September 1945 ) was a German Medical Doctor and the last Chairman of the Jewish congregation of Königsberg .
Tamara Csipes ( born 24 August 1989 ) is a Hungarian sprint kayaker who has competed since the late 2000s .
Jill Powell ( born 19 January 1957 ) is a former English women 's cricketer who played one Women 's Test match for the English women 's team in 1979 , as well as playing a single Women 's One Day International in that same year .
Hugh I of Chalon - Arlay ( 1288 - -1322 ) was lord of Arlay and of Vitteaux , and belonged to the house of Chalon - Arlay .
Bob McPherson ( born 12 November 1968 ) is a British wheelchair curler set to make his paralympic debut in Sochi , in 2014 .
Viacheslava of Novgorod ( Russian : Вячеслава новгородская , Polish : Wierzchosława Nowogrodzka ; b. ca . 1125 -- d. 15 March by 1162 ? ) , was a Kievan Rus ' princess member of the House of Rurik and by marriage Duchess of Masovia and Kuyavia and High Duchess of Poland since 1146 .
Kate Everleigh ( 1864 - -8 February 1926 ) was a serio - comic actress and singer of the late Victorian era who was a music hall and burlesque performer as well as appearing in pantomime and musical theatre .
Maria Caraher ( born 1968 or 1969 ) is an Irish republican activist , school principal and former politician .
Alexander de Erény Ullmann ( Hungarian : Erényi Ullmann Sándor , 18 February 1850 , in Budapest -- 1897 , in Budapest ) , was a Jewish Hungarian deputy and political economist .
Mike MacIntosh ( born 1944 ) is the senior pastor of Horizon Christian Fellowship in San Diego , California , and is a Protestant leader in the United States .
Ian Anthony Hamilton - Smith , 3rd Baron Colwyn , CBE ( born 1 January 1942 ) , commonly known as Anthony Hamilton - Smith .
Christopher H. Martin ( born 1969 ) is an American artist working with paintings on acrylic and canvas mediums .
Jaroslav Suchý ( born 3 January 1971 ) is a Czech former competitive figure skater .
Nora Sveaass ( born 11 December 1949 ) is a Norwegian psychologist , and an expert on refugees , human rights violations , and psychological consequences of torture and violence as well as treatment and rehabilitation of victims of torture and violence .
Showkat Baksh , also known as Charles Baksh ( born 15 March 1940 in Trinidad and Tobago ) is a former cricketer , a right - handed batsman who played for the Canadian cricket team .
Egon Weiner ( 1906 -- August 1 , 1987 ) was a Chicago sculptor and longtime professor ( 1945 - -1971 ) at the Art Institute of Chicago .
John Abrahams ( born 21 July 1952 , Salt River , Cape Town , Cape Province , South Africa ) is a former left - handed batsman and right arm off break bowler .
Francis Raymond Evershed , 1st Baron Evershed PC , KC ( 8 August 1899 - 3 October 1966 ) was British judge who served as Master of the Rolls , and subsequently became a Law Lord .
Balachandra Rajan ( March 24 , 1920 -- January 23 , 2009 ) was an Indian diplomat and a scholar of poetry and poetics .
Katherine Bellenden ( 1497-c.1568 ) was a courtier working in the wardrobe of James V of Scotland .
Arnaud Tsedri ( born 11 March 1975 ) , better known by the stage name Arnaud Tsamere ( French : ( aʁno tsamɛʁ ) ) , is a French comedian , actor , television presenter and sports journalist .
Andrew C. Erin is an American film maker , he was born on May 29 , 1973 .
Dai Xu ( Chinese : 戴旭 ; pinyin : Daì Xù ; born 1964 ) , is a Chinese author , social commentator , and the president of Marine Institute For Security And Cooperation ( 海洋安全与合作研究院 ) , he also a professor at the National Defense University .
Toby Martin ( born 5 August 1975 ) , is an Australian singer - songwriter , musician , academic , and lecturer at New York University Sydney .
Shalom Auslander ( born 1970 ) is an American author and essayist .
Leonard Marsland Gander ( 1902 - 1986 ) , who wrote as L Marsland Gander ) was a journalist , war correspondent , and radio and television correspondent , chiefly for The Daily Telegraph .
Mantas Jankavičius ( born 20 May 1980 ) is a singer and actor .
John Digby , 1st Earl of Bristol ( February 1580 -- 21 January 1653 ) , was an English diplomat and a moderate royalist during the English Civil War .
Edden Hammons was born to Jesse Hammons and Nancy Hicks on 28 February 1875 at Williams River in Webster County , West Virginia .
James Monro CB ( 1838 -- 28 January 1920 ) was a lawyer who became the first Assistant Commissioner ( Crime ) of the London Metropolitan Police and also served as Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis from 1888 to 1890 .
Martín de Argüelles , Jr. ( born 1566 ) was the first white child ( first criollo ) known to have been born in what is now the United States .
Abdurrahman Abdi Pasha the Albanian ( Turkish : Arnavut Abdurrahman Abdi Paşa ; 1616 - -1686 ) was an Ottoman politician and military leader of Albanian descent , who served as the last Pasha of the Budin Eyalet .
Waisale Sukanaveita ( born 19 July 1984 ) is a rugby league / union player for the Terrigal Sharks .
Patrick Asselman ( born 30 October 1968 ) is a Belgian former football player and currently assistant coach of OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League .
Biyan Wanaatmadja or biyan born in Surabaya , Jawa Timur , 20 October 1954 .
Ronald Raaymakers ( born 7 April 1990 ) is a Rugby union footballer .
Birgitte Federspiel ( 6 September 1925 -- 2 February 2005 ) was a Danish film , theater and TV actress .
Igor Shumilov ( Belarusian : Ігар Шумілаў ; Russian : Игорь Шумилов ; born 20 October 1993 ) is a Belarusian footballer .
Cynthia Carter ( born 30 January 1959 ) is the senior lecturer Cardiff School of Journalism , Media and Cultural Studies , Cardiff University , and co - founding editor of the journal Feminist Media Studies .
Rick Ney ( born 1961 ) is a retired American professional darts player who competed in the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s .
Ali Dino ( Greek : Αλή Ντίνο ) , also known as Ali Dino Bey ( Albanian : Ali Bej Dino , Greek : Αλή Ντίνο Μπέης 1889 - 1938 ) was an Albanian cartoonist and a Member of the Greek Parliament .
Peter Coates ( born 13 January 1938 ) is an English businessman and current Chairman of the Stoke City Football Club .
Francisco Mayorga ( Born in 1949 in León , Nicaragua ) is a Nicaraguan economist and writer who specializes in international finance and economic development .
René Giessen ( born 24 December 1944 , Prague ) is a German musician , composer and conductor .
John C. Zak ( previously credited as John Zak ) , born in 1954 in Washington D.C. , USA , is an American director , producer and film maker as well as a voice over actor .
Harry Sewell ( Harold Sewell ; 1885 - - ? ? ) was a British athlete .
Anchal Sabharwal ( born 29 August 1986 ) is an Indian film actress and model , who has appeared in Hindi television series and regional feature films .
Roger Argente ( born 1962 Neath , Wales ) is Principal Bass Trombone for the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and teaches at Trinity College of Music , London .
Elizabeth Brownrigg ( 1720 -- 14 September 1767 ) was an 18th - century English murderess .
Moushumi Bhowmik ( Bengali : মৌসুমী ভৌমিক ; born 1964 ) is an Indian Bengali singer and songwriter .
William Alfred Carroll Hughes ( 1877 -- 1940 ) was an American Bishop in The Methodist Church , elected in 1940 .
Siyaram Tiwari ( born 5 December 1934 ) is a prominent Hindi professor , scholar and author known throughout India and abroad .
Zoran Smileski ( Macedonian : Зopaн Cмилecки ; born 9 January 1950 ) is a Macedonian football coach and former player .
Bernard Parmegiani ( 27 October 1927 − 21 November 2013 ) was a French composer best known for his electronic or acousmatic music .
Clayton Kearney ( born 11 April 1964 ) is a former Australian sprinter and professional fitness coach .
Chris Mansell ( born 1953 ) is an Australian poet and publisher .
Henri Saivet ( born 26 October 1990 ) is a Senegalese football player who plays for English club Newcastle United as a central defensive midfielder .
The American Catholic writer Frederic Will was born in New Haven , Connecticut in 1928 .
David Caesar ( born in 1963 ) is an Australian television and film director and writer .
Szilvia Ruff ( born 19 February 1976 ) is a Hungarian former football striker .
Steve Mattin ( born 29 October 1964 ) is a British automobile designer .
Diego Puyo ( born 20 August 1984 in Alcañiz , Aragon ) is an auto racing driver from Spain .
Denise Phua Lay Peng ( Chinese : 潘丽萍 ; pinyin : Pān Lìpíng , born 9 December 1959 ) is a Singaporean politician and disability rights activist .
Sir John Bennet Lawes , 1st Baronet , FRS ( 28 December 1814 -- 31 August 1900 ) was an English entrepreneur and agricultural scientist .
Sebastian Peregrin Zwyer ( of Evibach ) ( 1597 -- February 15 , 1661 ) was a Swiss military commander , mercenary entrepreneur , and one of the foremost politicians of the Old Swiss Confederacy in the seventeenth century .
László Vécsey ( born 1 September 1958 ) is a Hungarian politician , mayor of Szada from 1998 to 2014 and member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Gödöllő ( Pest County Constituency IV then VI ) since 2010 .
Scott Marble ( 1847 -- April 5 , 1919 ) was a playwright who wrote the 1896 stage melodrama The Great Train Robbery .
Mirza Mohammad Farrokhi Yazdi ( Persian : میرزا محمد فرخی یزدی‎‎ ; 1889 -- October 18 , 1939 ) was an Iranian poet , journalist and senior politician of the Reza Pahlavi era .
U. Mathivanan ( born 30 April 1958 ) is a Member of Tamil Nadu State Legislative Assembly .
Omawumi Megbele ( born 13 April 1982 ) , known by her stage name Omawumi , is a Nigerian singer - songwriter and actress of Itsekiri ethnicity She is a brand ambassador for Globacom , Konga.com , and Malta Guinness .
Kalagara Sai Lakshmana Rao ( born 11 July 1956 ) is a Member of Legislative Council ( MLC ) of Andhra Pradesh .
Muammer Aksoy ( 1917 -- January 31 , 1990 ) was a Turkish academic of law , politician , columnist and intellectual , who was assassinated by unknown murderers .
Sir Halliday Macartney ( 1833 - -1906 ) was a military surgeon and later a diplomat serving the Chinese government during the late Qing dynasty .
Lyonpo Ugyen Tshering ( born 1954 ? ) is a Bhutanese politician who served as Minister for Foreign Affairs between 2008 and 2013 .
Roberto Garcia Lachner ( born 2 January 1977 ) , is a triathlete from the country of Costa Rica , who specializes in freestyle swimming , but also competes in amateur road bicycle racing .
Pierrot Bidon ( 1 January 1954 - 9 March 2010 ) was a circus promoter .
Robert Fleisher ( born 1953 in New York City ) is a composer currently teaching at Northern Illinois University and the author of Twenty Israeli Composers , where he discusses with twenty Israeli composers about their inspirations , methods and cultural context in their work .
Abdul Quayyum Khan Kundi ( Urdu : عبدالقیوم خان کنڈی‎ ) ( born 27 July 1966 ) is a Pakistani businessman and political activist .
René Racine ( born 1939 ) is a Québécois Canadian professor and astronomer who specializes in the study of globular clusters .
Johan Heldenbergh ( born 11 May 1967 ) is a Flemish actor , playwright , screenwriter , theatre director and film director .
Irving Bunim was born in 1901 in Volozhin , Lithuania , then the major Torah centre of Europe and the home of the first Yeshiva , Etz Chaim .
Patrick van Loon ( born 27 March 1974 ) is a Dutch judoka from Tilburg
Sávio Bortolini Pimentel ( born 9 January 1974 ) , known simply as Sávio ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsavi̯u ) ) , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a left winger .
Sophie Aldred ( born 20 August 1962 ) is an English actress and television presenter , best known for her portrayal of the Doctor 's companion Ace in the television series Doctor Who during the late 1980s .
Víctor Manuel Jorrín Lozano ( born 13 January 1955 ) is a Mexican politician and psychiatrist affiliated to the Convergence .
Rob Hennelly ( born 8 March 1990 ) is a Gaelic footballer for the Mayo senior team and also plays club football for Breaffy .
Christos Kalantzis ( Greek : Χρήστος Καλαντζής ; born 1 December 1982 ) is a retired professional football player .
Luca Amoruso ( born 15 November 1975 ) is an Italian retired footballer .
Miles Jones ( Born 17 December 1987 ) is a retired English - Barbadian international footballer .
Ranisav Jovanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ранисав Јовановић ; born 5 November 1980 ) is a German footballer of Bosnian Serb origin currently playing for SV Sandhausen .
Patrícia Lopes ( born 11 July 1982 ) is a Portuguese athlete who specialises in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles .
Mounsi ( born 1951 ) is a French novelist and singer , born in Kabylie , Algeria .
Sara McGreavy , born 13 December 1982 in Leamington Spa is an English and UK international athlete .
Edibe Sözen Yavuz ( born Edibe Sözen on January 1 , 1961 ) is an academic of sociology and communications , and politician .
Dinesh Dhamija ( born 1950 ) is a British - Indian business entrepreneur .
Sue Bell Cobb ( born 1956 in Louisville , Kentucky ) is an American jurist and former Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court , the first woman to hold that office in Alabama 's history .
Diana Kennedy ( born 3 March 1923 ) is a Mexican cooking authority known for her 9 books on the subject , including The Cuisines of Mexico , which started changing how Americans view Mexican cooking .
Luca Toni , Ufficiale OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈluːka ˈtɔːni ) ; born 26 May 1977 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Verona as a striker .
Sherene Pinnock ( born 30 March 1987 in St. Catherine ) is a Jamaican 400 metres hurdles runner .
Nikos Christodoulakis ( Greek : Νίκος Χριστοδουλάκης ) ( born 1952 ) is a Greek politician , economics professor and electronics engineer .
Galila Ron - Feder Amit ( Hebrew : גלילה רון־פדר - עמית‎ , born 1949 ) is an Israeli children books author .
Rollo Carpenter ( born 1965 ) is the British - born creator of Jabberwacky and Cleverbot , learning Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) software .
Bernard Fleetwood - Walker , PPRBSA , ( 22 March 1893 -- 30 January 1965 ) was an English artist and teacher of painting .
Egon Ledeč ( Kostelec nad Orlicí 16 March 1889 - Auschwitz , October 1944 ) was a Czech violinist and composer of Jewish origin .
Jean Breuer ( born 23 December 1951 ) is a retired German cyclist who specialized in motor - paced racing .
Fifita Mounga ( born 3 January 1973 in Haasini , Tonga ) is an American rugby union back row forward .
Senior General Than Shwe ( Burmese : သန်းရွှေ ; pronounced : ( θáɴ ʃwè ) ; born 2 February 1933 ) is a Burmese strongman politician who was the head of state of Burma from 1992 to 2011 as Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) .
John Cocuzzi ( born 1964 ) is an American jazz , blues , and swing musician who specializes in the vibraphone and piano , as well as drums .
Magnús Torfi Ólafsson ( 5 May 1923 -- 3 November 1998 ) was an Icelandic politician and former minister for social affairs from May to August 1974 .
Leslie Wilcox ( 1865 -- after 1889 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath .
Juha Riippa ( born 12 September 1968 in Kokkola ) is a Finnish former football player , who played in defence and midfield .
Hamada Mohamed ( born 22 October 1992 ) , also known as Mohamed Ahmed Hamada , is an Egyptian middle - distance runner .
Mads Hamberg Andersen ( born 3 August 1983 ) is a Danish footballer whose primary position is goalkeeper .
Frans Geysen ( born 29 July 1936 ) is a Belgian composer and writer on music .
Reidun Gravdahl , née Engen ( born 12 January 1948 in Østre Toten ) is a profiled Norwegian politician for the Labour Party .
Lokman Polat ( born in 1956 in Lice , Diyarbakır Province ) is a Swedish writer of Kurdish origin .
Luay Hamza Abbas ( born 1965 ) is a noted Iraqi writer .
Mar Dionysius II , born Pulikkottil Joseph Ittoop ( 15 January 1742 -- 24 November 1816 ) was Malankara Metropolitan from 22 March 1815 until his demise .
Tony Ricciardello , ( born 19 March 1979 ) , is a multiple - championship winning Australian race car driver .
Stratos Chintzidis ( Greek : Στράτος Χιντζίδης , born 13 December 1987 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Football League club Olympiacos Volou , as a left back .
Matilda Smith ( 1854 - -1926 ) was a botanical artist whose work appeared in Curtis 's Botanical Magazine for over forty years .
Linda Välimäki ( born 31 May 1990 ) is a Finnish hockey player .
Elise Primavera ( Born 19 May 1955 ) is an American author and illustrator of children 's novels .
Simon Trumper ( born 31 May 1963 ) is an English professional poker player from South Kensington , London , England .
Arshad Sharif ( Urdu : ارشد شریف‎)(born 22 February 1973 ) is a Pakistani journalist , writer and photographer .
Nicholas Campbell ( born 24 March 1952 ) , sometimes credited as Nick Campbell , is a Canadian actor and filmmaker , who won three Gemini Awards for acting .
Saint Elzéar of Sabran , T.O.S.F. , Baron of Ansouis , Count of Ariano , was born in the castle of Saint - Jean - de - Robians , near Cabrières - d'Aigues in Provence , southern France , in 1285 .
Vladimir Villegas Poljak ( born 11 December 1961 ) is a Venezuelan journalist and politician , and ( since May 2013 ) news director of Globovisión .
Niaz Fatehpuri ( 1884 - -1966 ) was the nom de plume of Niyaz Muhammed Khan , an Urdu poet , writer , and polemicist .
John Bardwell Ebden M.L.C. ( 9 April 1787 - 22 Sept 1873 ) was an influential businessman and politician of the Cape Colony , South Africa .
Peter Fitzpatrick ( born May 1962 ) is an Irish politician and sportsman .
Carla Ryan ( born 21 September 1985 ) is a former Australian professional racing cyclist .
Jens Graff ( born 3 October 1942 ) is a German - born Norwegian dancer .
Hugh Smallen was part of the second wave of modernist architects to live and practice in New Canaan , Connecticut , and was born May 6 , 1919 in New York City .
Justice Mrs. Gyan Sudha Misra , was born in an illustrious family of Lawyers and Judges on 28 April 1949 .
Myroslav Levytsky ( Ukrainian : Мирослав Романович Левицький ; born on 26 January 1963 in Chernivtsi , Ukraine ) is a pianist , composer , producer and unchanged leader of the Ukrainian jazz - rock group Braty Bluzu .
Adem Alkaşi ( born 14 April 1984 in İstanbul ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a right back for Turkish club Boluspor .
Giovanni Palmieri dos Santos ( born 23 June 1989 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Fluminense mainly as a left back .
Masao Takahashi ( born 1929 ) is a Canadian judoka , author , coach , and founder of the Takahashi School of Martial Arts ( Est . 1969 ) in Ottawa .
Maurice Princet ( 1875 -- October 23 , 1973 ) was a French mathematician and actuary who played a role in the birth of cubism .
Margrét Lára Viðarsdóttir ( born 25 July 1986 ) is an Icelandic footballer who most recently played as a striker for Kristianstads DFF of the Swedish Damallsvenskan .
Daniel Chima Chukwu ( born 4 April 1991 ) is a Nigerian footballer playing as a striker for Shanghai Shenxin in Chinese Super League .
Chackalethu John Yesudass ( born 1938 ) , better known as Yesudasan , is a popular cartoonist from Kerala .
Ram Dayal Munda ( 1939 -- September 30 , 2011 ) , known as R. D. Munda , was an Indian scholar and regional music exponent .
Yosef - Michael Lamm ( Hebrew : יוסף - מיכאל לם‎ , born 1899 , died 25 May 1976 ) was an Israeli judge and politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1949 and 1951 .
Øyvind Alsaker ( born 16 August 1965 ) is a sports journalist and television personality from Florø , Sogn og Fjordane .
Gillian Lowndes ( 1936 -- 2 October 2010 ) was an English ceramics sculptor .
June Leavitt ( born 1950 , New York ) is an American - Israeli scholar of Franz Kafka and author of a number of books , both academic and literary , including The Mystical Life of Franz Kafka :
Anu Anand was born on 31 March 2000 in mannargudi .
Orin C. Smith ( born 1942 ) was President and Chief Executive Officer of Starbucks Corporation from 2000 to 2005 .
Drew Spence ( born 23 October 1992 ) is an English footballer who plays for FA WSL club Chelsea .
Friedrich Cerha ( born 17 February 1926 ) is an Austrian composer and conductor .
Kassa Balcha ( born 5 December 1955 ) is a retired Ethiopian long - distance runner .
Adelina Ismajli ( born 14 December 1979 in Pristina ) is an Albanian - Kosovar singer , actress , and beauty queen .
Ilit Azoulay is an Israeli Artist ( Born in 1972 in Israel ) .
Ramón Saldívar ( born 1949 ) is a Mexican - American author , teacher and researcher of cultural studies and Chicano literature .
Ram Chatur Mallik ( 1902 - 1990 ) was an Indian classical musician and an exponent of the Darbhanga gharana of the Dhrupad tradition , one of the oldest genres of Hindustani vocal music .
Hannah Stone ( born 27 April 1987 ) is a professional Welsh harpist whose musical education was in Wales and England .
Alice Garner ( born 1969 ) is an Australian actress , musician and historian .
Pavol Demeš ( born in 1956 ) is a Transatlantic Fellow at the German Marshall Fund 's Bratislava office .
James Ince ( born c. 1969 ) is an American NASCAR crew chief .
Christoph , Prince of Schleswig - Holstein ( born 22 August 1949 ) has been the head of the House of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Glücksburg and the entire House of Oldenburg since 1980 .
Robin Koontz ( born 1954 ) is an American author and illustrator of picture books and early readers for children as well as non - fiction for middle school readers .
Mark Seliger ( born 1959 ) is an American photographer noted for his portraiture .
Niceto de Zamacois ( 1820 - -1885 ) was a Spanish - born Mexican historian , novelist , poet and journalist .
Anett Sopronyi ( born 27 November 1986 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Serbian first division side ŽRK Zakečar and the Hungarian national team .
Vizefeldwebel Alfons Nagler , also Alfons Nagler , ( born 4 August 1893 , date of death unknown ) was a World War I flying ace credited with ten aerial victories .
Franz Scholz ( 10 December 1909 -- 1 September 1998 ) was a German priest and professor of theology from Breslau , Silesia .
Francis West ( October 28 , 1586 -- February 1633/1634 ) was a Deputy Governor of the Colony and Dominion of Virginia .
Pat Garrod ( b. Chelmsford 1964 ) is a British physician and long distance motorcyclist .
Cong Thanh Do ( Vietnamese : Đỗ Thành Công ) ( born ca . 1959 ) is a Vietnamese American human rights activist .
Alper Uçar ( born 19 January 1985 ) is a Turkish figure skater who has competed as a single skater and ice dancer .
Ali Jawad ( born 12 January 1989 ) is a British Paralympic powerlifter competing in the -59 kg class .
Jack Smooth , real name Ron Wells , born in London 1970 .
Lata Sabharwal Seth ( born 28 August 1975 ) is an Indian film and TV actress , who also worked in Bollywood films .
Neil Shephard ( born 8 October 1964 ) , FBA , is a British econometrician , currently Professor of Economics and of Statistics at Harvard University .
Sir William Catesby ( 1450 -- August 25 , 1485 ) was one of Richard III of England 's principal councillors .
Felix Alvarez OBE ( 11 October 1951 ) is a Gibraltarian LGBT , human , civil rights and green activist .
James R. Martin or Jim Martin ( born 1951 ) is a writer , independent producer , director , and documentary filmmaker .
Elinor Macartney Lane ( 1864 -- March 15 , 1909 ) was an American novelist who was popular in the first decade of the 1900s .
Lü Xiwen ( simplified Chinese : 吕锡文 ; traditional Chinese : 呂錫文 ; pinyin : Lǚ Xīwén ; born July 1955 ) is a Chinese politician who served as the Deputy Communist Party Secretary of Beijing between 2013 and 2015 , and prior to that , the head of the Organization Department of the Beijing Party Committee .
Tino de Lara ( born 1917 ) is a Filipino actor , also known as Tinno de Lara , was an Lvn Pictures supporting player .
Daniel Dos Santos ( born 1978 ) is an American speculative fiction artist whose work has appeared on book covers by publishers Tor , Bantam , Pyr , and many more , as well as a variety of magazine and comic covers and interiors .
Dan Norton ( born 22 March 1988 in England ) is a rugby union player for the England rugby sevens national team , and also plays for Hartpury College R.F.C. in the National Division Two South .
Prince Georgy Konstantinovich of Russia ( 6 May 1903 -- 7 November 1938 ) , was the youngest son of Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia and his wife Grand Duchess Yelizaveta Mavrikiyevna .
Bruno Lauzi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈbruno ˈlauttsi ) ; 8 August 1937 -- 24 October 2006 ) was an Italian singer - songwriter , poet and writer .
Uroš Spajić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Урош Спајић ; born 13 February 1993 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Toulouse FC .
Bernard Chang ( born 1972 in Montreal , Canada ) is an Asian American artist / designer best known for his work in the comic book industry and entertainment design .
John Vallins ( Born 19 January 1950 ) is an Australian Gold and Platinum award winning songwriter / musician best known for his 1970 's song `` Too Much , Too Little , Too Late '' .
Edward le Despenser ( 1310 - -1342 ) was the third eldest son of Hugh le Despenser the Younger by his wife Eleanor de Clare .
Jonathan Yeo ( born London , 18 December 1970 ) is a British artist who rose to international prominence in his early 20 's as a contemporary portraitist , responsible for paintings of Dennis Hopper , Prince Philip , Erin O'Connor , Tony Blair , and David Cameron among his sitters .
Hahn William Capps ( born 1903 ) is an American entomologist .
Born in Warrington , which then was in Lancashire , on 7 November 1809 , he was the son of the physician James Kendrick ( 1771 - -1847 ) .
Omar Zakhilwal ( Pashto : ډاکتر عمر زاخيلوال‎ ; born 1968 ) is a politician in Afghanistan , serving as the Finance Minister and Chief Economic Advisor to the President Hamid Karzai .
Ceccardo Egidio Fucigna ( 1834 - 1884 ) was an Italian sculptor who established a long partnership with the architect William Burges .
Liu Guanxiong ( Chinese : 刘冠雄 ; 1861 , Fuzhou , Fujian -- 1927 , Tianjin ) was a Chinese Admiral who was Navy Minister of China , from 1912 - -1916 and 1917 - 1919 .
Ogawa Doteki ( 本因坊道的 , 1669 - -90 ) , also known as Honinbo Doteki was a professional Japanese Go player of the Honinbo house .
Alicja Bachleda - Curuś ( pron . ( aˈlit͡sʲa baˈxlɛda ˈt͡suruɕ ) ; born 12 May 1983 ) is a Polish actress and singer , who has appeared in films including Trade , Ondine and Pan Tadeusz .
John C. DeFries ( born November 26 , 1934 ) is one of the world 's leading behavior geneticists .
The Reverend Tim Hughes ( born 23 July 1978 ) is a British worship leader and singer - songwriter .
Mile Stojkoski ( Macedonian : Миле Стојкоски ; born 4 May 1965 ) , is a Macedonian athlete and humanitarian known for going on long distance marathon runs ( ultramarathons ) in his wheelchair preceding the Summer Olympic Games .
Chris McKinney ( born 1973 ) is an American writer born and raised in Hawaii .
Anna Maria Massetani better known as Lea Massari ( born 30 June 1933 ) is an Italian actress .
Hendahewage Sanjeewa Gayan Sameera Silva ( born 14 January 1974 ) , known as Gayan Silva , is a cricketer for the United Arab Emirates .
Sisavath Keobounphanh ( Lao : ສີສະຫວາດ ແກ້ວບຸນພັນ ; born 1 May 1928 ) was Vice President of Laos from 1996 to 1998 and third Chairman of the Council of Ministers ( Prime Minister ) of Laos from 1998 to 2001 .
Nguyễn Quốc Trung also called Quoc Trung was born 17 September 1966 , is a public entertainment figure , composer , sound arranger and record producer .
Yu Rongguang ( born 30 August 1958 ) , also known as Ringo Yu , is a Chinese actor and martial artist who started his career in Hong Kong .
Vicente López Tovar ( 1909 - -1998 ) was a Spanish soldier , politician and anti - Franco guerrilla fighter .
Niall McCusker ( Irish : Niall Mac Oscair ; born 8 December 1980 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry , with whom he has won two National League titles .
Kwik Kian Gie ( traditional Chinese : 郭建義 ; simplified Chinese : 郭建义 ; pinyin : Guō Jiànyì ) ( born 11 January 1935 in Juwana , Central Java ) was the Indonesian Coordinating Minister of Economics and Finance from 1999 - -2000 , and Minister of National Development Planning from 2001 - 2004 .
William Washington Vance , also known as W. W. Vance ( 1849 -- February 16 , 1900 ) , was a lawyer and politician in his adopted U.S. state of Louisiana .
Jim Gutterson ( 1 July 1939 -- 18 July 2008 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jānis Doniņš ( born 20 April 1946 ) is a Latvian - American former javelin thrower .
Mohit Banerji ( Mohit Bandopadhay ) ( 1912 - -1961 ) was a pioneer of the Communist Party of India in West Bengal , India and translated several Communist movement songs of Europe into Bengali .
Nur Bekri ( Uyghur : نۇر بەكرى‎ ; born 9 August 1961 ) is a Chinese politician of Uyghur origin , currently serving as Director of the National Energy Administration .
Gareth Sager ( born 1960 in Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a British guitarist , keyboardist , musician and songwriter , who has played in several British groups .
Lawrence Heyworth ( sometimes spelled Laurence Heyworth ; 1786 -- 19 April 1872 ) was a merchant based in Liverpool , England , who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Derby .
John Makepeace OBE , ( born 6 July 1939 ) is a British furniture designer and maker .
Manuel Acevedo ( or Acebedo ) , who was born at Madrid in 1744 , was a disciple of Jose Lopez , but by diligently copying the works of the best painters lie soon surpassed his master .
Takeo Kamachi ( Japanese : 蒲池 猛夫 ; 20 March 1936 -- 4 December 2014 ) was a Japanese sports shooter and Olympic champion , born in Manchuria .
Xiang Yanmei ( 向艷梅 ; born 13 June 1992 ) is a Chinese weightlifter .
Priscilla Lopes - Schliep ( born 26 August 1982 ) is a Canadian hurdler in track and field athletic competition .
Alexander Klevan ( Александр Клеван ; born on 22 October 1950 in Siberia , Russia ; אלכסנדר קלבן ) is a Russian artist .
Joan B. Gottschall ( born 1947 ) is a Senior Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois .
Stephan Auer ( born 11 January 1991 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SK Rapid Wien .
Mark Timmons ( born 10 May 1986 ) is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois .
Brayden Davidson ( born 25 October 1997 ) is an Australian track and field para - athlete who competes mainly in the T36 classification events .
Stavros Tsoukalas ( Greek : Σταύρος Τσουκαλάς ; born 28 May 1988 ) is a Greek footballer who is currently playing for PAS Giannina .
Michel Strauss ( born 1951 , in Paris ) is a French cellist .
Michael Deakin ( born 5 May 1958 ) is a former English cricketer who played for Derbyshire in 1981 .
Johan Asiata ( born 19 December 1985 ) is a gridiron football offensive lineman who is currently a free agent .
Almut Lehmann ( married name : Peyper ) ( born 10 June 1953 in Stuttgart ) is a German pair skater .
Herbert Holzing ( 1931 - 2000 ) was an artist and book illustrator .
Giuseppe Versaldi ( born 30 July 1943 ) is the Cardinal Prefect of the Congregation for Catholic Education , since his appointment , by Pope Francis on 31 March 2015 to succeed Zenon Cardinal Grocholewski .
Friedhelm Eicker ( born 5 April 1927 ) is a German statistician and former professor at the University of Dortmund .
Jonathan Haeber ( born 14 Dec , 1981 ) is an American author , photographer , and guerrilla historian .
Sarah Sheeva Cidade Gomes ( born 10 February 1973 ) is a Brazilian singer , songwriter , writer and pastor .
Grant Wilkinson ( born 1974 ) is a self - taught British gunsmith convicted of illegally converting replica firearms to fire live ammunition .
Roy Curvers ( born 27 December 1979 ) is a professional road cyclist , currently riding for Giant - Alpecin .
Sir John Denis Macdonald ( 26 October 1826 -- 7 February 1908 ) was a surgeon and fellow of the Royal Society of London .
Anna Friz ( born 1970 ) is a Canadian artist and musician whose work often pertains to , and utilizes the medium of , sound and radio .
Tim Vleminckx ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈtɪm ˈvleː.mɪŋks ) ) ( born 31 March 1987 in Anvers ) is a Belgian football player who plays as a right back for KSV Bornem .
Laura Imbruglia ( born 15 June 1983 ) is an Australian indie rock singer - songwriter .
Arthur - Lucien Beaubien ( February 11 , 1879 -- March 21 , 1971 ) was a Canadian politician and farmer .
Donnell Holmes ( born 3 January 1973 ) in Ivanhoe , North Carolina , U.S. is a professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division .
Andrew Lee Potts ( born 29 October 1979 ) , usually stylized as Andrew - Lee Potts , is an English actor and director .
Maria Rabinky was born 1959 in Saint - Petersburg , the `` cultural hub '' of Russia .
Nikolaos Aggelakis ( 1906 - 1986 ) was a Greek football forward of the 1930s .
Aaron Gervais ( born 1980 ) is a Canadian composer of contemporary classical music who lives in San Francisco .
James Allen Red Dog ( 1954 - -March 3 , 1993 ) was a mixed Sioux and Assiniboine from Fort Peck Indian Reservation who was executed at his own request for murdering Hugh Pennington and who had previously been convicted twice of armed robbery .
Frank J. Nunlist ( 8 September 1913 - 15 May 1974 ) was an American businessman who became chairman of Worthington Corporation , and then of Studebaker - Worthington .
Robert Poëti ( born 13 August 1955 ) is a Canadian politician and former police officer of the Sûreté du Québec , currently representing the riding of Marguerite - Bourgeoys in the National Assembly of Quebec .
Juku Pent ( 20 November 1918 -- 1995 or October 16 , 1991 ) was a West German cross country skier who competed in the 1950s .
Philippe Montanier ( born 15 November 1964 ) is French former footballer and football manager , who is the current manager of Rennes .
Nemesio E. Caravana ( born 1913 ) was a famous Filipino film director and actor .
Chris Bombolas ( born 12 May 1960 ) ( often known as Bomber ) is a communications and media specialist , and a television and radio presenter .
Mario Jurić ( born 9 February 1979 ) is a Croatian astronomer .
Hardeep Tauo Toganwalia ( born 6 April 1984 ) is a professional kabaddi player .
Tommy Ekengren , born 17 July 1950 and more known as Tompa Eken , is one of the driving forces behind Kafé 44 in Stockholm and a central figure in the Stockholm punk and the garage rock scene .
Egbert Stephens ( born 15 April 1952 ) is a former Guyanese cricketer who played a single first - class match for Essequibo in the final of the 1980 - -81 inter - county Jones Cup .
Bozhidar Grigorov ( Bulgarian : Бoжидap Гpигopов ; born 27 July 1945 ) is a retired Bulgarian footballer .
László Sternberg ( 28 May 1905 -- 1982 ) was a Hungarian footballer who played professionally in both Europe and the United States .
Bhagwan Datt Sharma(Hindi : भगवान् दत्त शर्मा ; 23 October 1935 ) is a well - known person in the field of English and Hindi literature specially of post World War II period in Madhya Pradesh and reforms in school education .
Wilhelm Boland ( 5 January 1950 in Wesel ) is a German chemist .
Abbie Hunnisett ( born 28 October 1995 ) is a British parasport athlete who competes in the F32 club .
Owen Beattie ( born 3 June 1949 ) is a Canadian professor of anthropology at the University of Alberta .
Henry Agar - Ellis , 3rd Viscount Clifden ( 25 February 1825 -- 20 February 1866 ) , styled the Lord Dover from 1833 to 1836 , was an Irish courtier and race horse owner .
Demetrius Havanas ( born 1950 , Dallas , Texas died July 1981 , Cookeville , Tennessee ) , known as ' The Golden Greek ' , was a third degree karate black belt and kickboxer .
Sardara Singh ( born 15 July 1986 in Rania ) sometimes referred as Sardar Singh , is an Indian professional field hockey player .
Dagmar Midcap ( born Dagmar Gottschalk ; 1969 ) is a Canadian - born American media personality and meteorologist originally based in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Adam Stephen ( c. 1718 -- July 16 , 1791 ) was a Scottish - born doctor and military officer .
Shane Sutherland ( born 23 October 1990 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish League One side Peterhead
Harold Curran ( 10 June 1888 -- 26 June 1971 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Yuri Salnikov ( born 6 June 1950 ) is a former Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion .
Lu Zhiqiang ( born 1952 ) is a Chinese businessman , chairman of China Oceanwide , a Chinese property company .
Suzanne McClelland ( born 1959 ) is a New York - based artist best known for abstract work based in language , speech , and sound .
Enis Nadarević ( born 19 July 1987 ) is a Bosnian footballer who plays professionally for Novara , on loan from Trapani as a winger or striker .
It was into these conditions , where the chief was powerless under the refractory nobles of the state , Marthanda Varma was born in 1706 .
Born in 1967 , Moussa Mohamed Kalifa ( موسى محمد خليفة ) is a Libyan citizen who was charged with being a member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group , and accused of participating in terrorism after he attempted to move to Canada as a refugee under a false name in 2001 .
Fiona Foley ( born 1964 ) is a contemporary Indigenous Australian artist from Badtjala , Fraser Island , Queensland .
Zahra Rahmat Allah ( born 1954 ) is a Yemeni short story writer .
Helen Young ( born 10 June 1969 ) is an English weather forecaster and television presenter .
Barbara Ras ( b. 1949 New Bedford , Massachusetts ) is an American poet , translator and publisher .
Cindy Lee Van Dover ( born 1954 ) is the Harvey Smith Professor of Biological Oceanography and chair of the Division of Marine Science and Conservation at Duke University .
Daniel Bennett St. John Roosa ( 1838 - -1908 ) was an American physician , born in Bethel , New York .
Juan Hernández López ( March 1859 -- ? ) was a Puerto Rican politician , senator , and attorney .
Suh Nam - pyo ( born 22 April 1936 ) was the thirteenth president of KAIST from 2006 until 2013 , succeeding Robert B. Laughlin and succeeded by Sung - Mo Kang .
Antônio de Castro Mayer , STL ( 20 June 1904 - -25 April 1991 ) was a Brazilian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Siddhant Lohani ( Nepali : सिद्धान्त लोहनी ) ( born 2 March 1995 ) is a Nepalese cricketer .
Amos Pizzey ( born 1967 ) is the creative director and founder of Talenthouse Inc. Born in West London , his mother Erin Pizzey was the founder of the Women 's Refugee Movement .
Mokhtar Laghzioui ( Arabic : المختار الغزيوي , Mokhtar el - Ghzioui -- Born in 1972 , Meknes ) is a Moroccan journalist and editor of Al Ahdath Al Maghribia .
Ernest Knaebel ( June 14 , 1872-February 19 , 1947 ) was an American lawyer and the eleventh reporter of decisions of the United States Supreme Court , serving from 1916 to 1944 .
Martin Wuttke ( born 8 February 1962 ) is a German actor and director who reached international recognition for his portrayal of Adolf Hitler in the 2009 film Inglourious Basterds .
Ron Steward ( born 1927 ) , is a former Australian media personality .
Jacob Selmes ( born 13 February 1986 in Katoomba , New South Wales ) is an Australian rugby league player for the Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks in the National Rugby League competition .
William Ponsonby , 2nd Earl of Bessborough PC PC ( I ) ( 1704 -- 11 March 1793 ) was a British politician and public servant .
Greg Thomas ( born John Gregory Thomas , 12 August 1960 , Trebanos , Glamorgan , Wales ) is a Welsh former cricketer , who played in five Tests and three ODIs for England between 1986 and 1987 .
Thomas Kirkland M.D. ( 1721 - -1798 ) was an English physician and medical writer .
Orlando Pineda Torres ( born 15 February 1986 ) is a Mexican football , who plays as a midfielder for Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz ( Red Sharks of Veracruz ) .
Elsie Margaret Stones AM , MBE ( born 28 August 1920 at Colac , Victoria ) is an Australian botanical illustrator .
Nicholas Duncan - Williams ( born 12 May 1957 ) is the Presiding Archbishop and General Overseer of the charismatic Action Chapel International ( ACI ) ministry , headquartered in Accra , Ghana .
Developed by Day 1 Studios and published by Microsoft , MechAssault was initiated when Denny Thorley of Day 1 Studios approached Jon Kimmich of Microsoft about developing an original BattleTech game built from the ground up to support console play .
RC Revenge is a racing game released for the PlayStation in 2000 , developed by Acclaim Entertainment , It is set in 5 different movie worlds ( Horror World , Planet Adventure , Jungle World , AKLM Studios and Monster World ) in which the player races remote controlled cars across many varied tracks .
Barkley Shut Up and Jam ! 2 is a 1995 basketball sports game developed and published by Accolade exclusively for the Sega Genesis .
Spelling Challenges and More ! is a puzzle video game developed by Supersonic Software and published by Crave Entertainment for the Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable .
Syndicate Wars is the third video game title in the Syndicate series , created by Bullfrog Productions in 1996 .
Mario Power Tennis , known in Japan as Mario Tennis GC ( マリオテニスGC Mario Tenisu Jī Shī ) , is a sports game developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo for the GameCube in 2004 .
Sword of the Stars is a space 4X game developed by Kerberos Productions .
Toxic Bunny is a side - scrolling action computer game for DOS computers released in 1996 by Celestial Games http://www.celestial - games.com/.
SimCity Societies is a city - building simulation computer game developed by Tilted Mill Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts ( EA ) , and is part of the Sim games series .
Championship Manager 2009 Express is the iOS version of Eidos Interactive 's best - selling football management PC title , developed by Dundee - based , BAFTA award - winning mobile games developer Dynamo Games .
Last Rebellion is a role - playing video game video game developed by Nippon Ichi Software and Hit Maker and published by Nippon Ichi Software in Japan as well as in North America and Tecmo Koei in Europe exclusively for the PlayStation 3 .
Streets of Rage 3 , known in Japan as Bare Knuckle III ( ベア・ナックルIII ) and subtitled Tekken Seiten ( 鉄拳聖典 lit . Iron Fist Scriptures ) in pre - release media and the official soundtrack release , is a side - scrolling beat 'em up released by Sega in 1994 for the Sega Mega Drive / Genesis .
Big Brain Wolf is a video game developed and released by Frima Studio through Steam in 2009 .
Super Doubles Tennis is an arcade game released by Data East in 1983 .
Alien Rage was developed by the Bydgoszcz studio of Polish developer CI Games , then known as City Interactive , using Unreal Engine 3 .
Dr. Muto is a 2002 platforming video game developed and published by Midway Games .
MotorStorm is a 2006 racing video game developed by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the Sony PlayStation 3 computer entertainment system .
Climate Challenge is a Flash - based global warming game produced by the BBC and developed by Red Redemption .
Armored Fist 3 is a tank simulation video game developed and published by NovaLogic , released on October 12 , 1999 .
Game Dev Tycoon was created by Greenheart Games , a company founded in July 2012 by brothers Patrick and Daniel Klug .
Banjo - Kazooie is a platform video game developed by Rare and originally released for the Nintendo 64 video game console on 29 June 1998 in North America and 17 July 1998 in Europe .
Spy Fiction ( スパイフィクション ) is a 2003 stealth - based video game by Access Games for the PlayStation 2 .
Heroes of Might and Magic IV is a turn - based strategy game developed by Gus Smedstad through New World Computing and published by the 3DO Company for Microsoft Windows - based personal computers in 2002 .
Worms Ultimate Mayhem is an artillery strategy game developed by Team17 .
Max Payne is a third - person shooter action thriller video game developed by Remedy Entertainment and published by Gathering of Developers in July 2001 for Microsoft Windows .
Scooter Shooter is a horizontal - scrolling shooter arcade game developed by Konami in 1985 with competitive play against either a computer opponent or another player .
Frogs and Flies is a 1982 video game by Mattel for the Atari 2600 and Commodore 64 platforms .
Synergy was added to the IBM 's Rational Software family of SCM tools and named Rational Synergy .
WorldShift is a science fiction tactical role - playing game video game released in 2008 by Crytek Black Sea .
ArcEditor is the midlevel software suite designed for advanced editing of spatial data published in the proprietary Esri format .
Sine Mora is a shoot 'em up video game developed by Digital Reality and Grasshopper Manufacture for the Xbox 360 , Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation Vita and iOS .
Ball Fighter is a puzzle video game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare .
Mystic Heroes , released in Japan as Battle Houshin ( バトル封神 ) , is a beat 'em up video game developed by Koei .
Boom Blox Bash Party is a physics - based puzzle video game developed by EA Los Angeles and Amblin Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts for the Wii video game console .
Ms. Splosion Man is a platform video game developed by Twisted Pixel Games , and was released on Xbox 360 on July 13 , 2011 as well as Windows Phone .
Tony Hawk 's Underground 2 is the sixth installment in Neversoft 's Tony Hawk 's series and is the sequel to Tony Hawk 's Underground .
Guilty Gear X2 , also known as Guilty Gear XX ( Japanese : ギルティギア イグゼクス Hepburn : Giruti Gia Iguzekusu ) and subtitled The Midnight Carnival in Japan , is a fighting game developed by Arc System Works and published by Sammy Studios .
Galaxian 3 ( also known as Galaxian³ : Project Dragoon ) is an arcade game released by Namco in 1990 and its immediate sequel as a scaled - down arcade cabinet in 1994 .
EA Sports FIFA Superstars was a football managing game developed by Playfish and Electronic Arts .
Beyond Divinity is a role - playing video game from Larian Studios , which followed up on Divine Divinity and was published on April 28 , 2004 .
Project Stealth Fighter is a combat flight simulator released in 1987 by MicroProse , featuring a fictional United States military aircraft .
Mean 18 is the name of a series of computer golf games released by Accolade in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Starsiege is a mecha - style vehicle simulation game developed by Dynamix and released in 1999 .
Actua Pool is a sports simulation video game developed by British company Gremlin Interactive as part of their highly successful Actua Sports series of sport simulators of the mid - to - late 1990s .
Escape from Monkey Island is a computer adventure game developed and released by LucasArts in 2000 .
Tropico 5 is a semi - democratic construction and management simulation video game developed by Haemimont Games and released on 23 May 2014 .
Rack ' Em Up is a Billiards / Pool arcade game developed by Konami in 1987 with two game types : 9-Ball or Rotation .
GP-1 is a motorcycle racing game developed by Genki and published by Atlus for the SNES , which was released in 1993 .
Windows Home Server 2011 , code named Vail , is a home server operating system by Microsoft designed for small office / home offices and homes with multiple connected PCs to offer protected file storage , file sharing , automated PC backup , remote access , and remote control of PC desktops .
Kinect Sports is a sports video game developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 .
World Series Baseball ' 95 is a traditional baseball simulation video game by Sega that allows players to put teams involved in the 1994 Major League Baseball season in either exhibition , regular season , or playoff mode .
Battle.net is an internet - based online gaming , digital distribution , and digital rights management platform developed by Blizzard Entertainment .
Sid Meier 's Covert Action is an action and strategy video game developed and released in 1990 by MicroProse for the DOS and the Amiga .
Faith Fighter is an online fighting game developed by the Italian website Molleindustria in which players fight as religious figures such as Buddha , Jesus or Muhammad and must fight Xenu after beating all playable characters .
Burnout Dominator is a racing game developed and published by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable .
Canaan Online or Pet Forest Online ( in the North America ) is a free - to - play , browser - based massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) by XPEC Entertainment .
Pocket Planes is a business simulation video game developed by NimbleBit for iOS .
Golden Axe II is a side - scrolling beat 'em up video game developed and published by Sega , first released on the Sega Genesis in December 1991 .
Def Jam Rapstar is a rapping game developed by 4 mm Games .
MySQL Enterprise is a subscription - based service produced by Oracle Corporation and targeted toward the commercial market .
Descent 3 ( stylized as Descent³ ) is a first - person shooter video game developed by Outrage Entertainment and published by Interplay Productions .
Wayne Gretzky Hockey is an ice hockey - themed sports game developed by Bethesda Softworks , and first published in 1988 .
Keyboardmania ( alternately KEYBOARD MANIA , and abbreviated KBM ) is a rhythm video game created by the Bemani division of Konami .
The IW engine is a game engine developed by Infinity Ward , Treyarch , and Sledgehammer Games for the Call of Duty series .
Colors ! 3D is a digital painting application developed by Collecting Smiles for the Nintendo 3DS as a successor to the homebrew application Colors!.
Stronghold Crusader II is the latest title in Firefly Studios Stronghold franchise of `` Castle Sim '' RTS games , and was released on September 23 , 2014 .
Super Locomotive is a side - scrolling train arcade video game developed by Sega and released in 1982 .
DJ Max Fever ( Korean : 디제이맥스 피버 , dijeimaegseu pibeo ; abbr . : DMF ) is a music game for the PlayStation Portable developed by Pentavision and PM Studios .
Dunes of War is an arcade shooter real - time strategy simulation game that was developed by ZootFly .
Dragon Knight 4 ( ドラゴンナイト４ ) is an erotic role - playing video game developed by ELF Corporation and released only in Japan for several platforms between 1994 and 1997 .
Diablo III is an action role - playing video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Megafortress is a flight simulation video game developed by Artech Digital Entertainment and released by Three - Sixty Pacific Inc in 1991 .
Vessel of Wrath is a 1938 British film directed by Erich Pommer , and produced by Pommer and star Charles Laughton .
Dil Aashna Hai ( English : The Heart Knows the Truth , Hindi : दिल आशना है , Urdu : دِل آشنا ہے‎ ) is a 1992 Indian film which was produced & directed by Hema Malini on H. M. Creations banner .
Asha O Bhalobasha is a 1989 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Mamani Films under the banner of Mamani Films .
Kick 2 is a 2015 Telugu action comedy film written by Vakkantham Vamsi and directed by Surender Reddy .
A Chump at Oxford , directed in 1939 by Alfred J. Goulding and released in 1940 by United Artists , was the penultimate Laurel and Hardy film made at the Hal Roach studios .
The Mirro Aluminum Company was an aluminum cookware company that existed in Manitowoc , Wisconsin from 1909 to 2003 .
The Iceland Defense Force ( IDF ) was a military command of the United States Armed Forces from 1951 to 2006 .
Borders of Rawa Voivodeship remained unchanged for more than 300 years , until the second partition of Poland in 1793 , when it was annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia .
In July 2010 , DFDS acquired Norfolkline ;
The Greenback Party ( known successively as the Independent Party , the National Independent Party , and the Greenback Labor Party ) was an American political party with an anti - monopoly ideology which was active between 1874 and 1889 .
Alain Seban graduated from the École Polytechnique ( X83 ) , the ENSAE ParisTech and the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris .
Robin Attfield , MA ( Oxon ) , PhD ( Wales ) has been Professor of Philosophy at Cardiff University since 1992 .
Charles Oxenden was educated at Harrow School , where he captained the school cricket team in 1818 , and arranged the first regular Eton v Harrow cricket match .
One Henry Bedel took the degree of B.A. at Corpus Christi College , Oxford , on 13 February 1555 - 6 , and M.A. 1566 ( Wood , Fasti Oxon . ( Bliss ) , i. 146 , 172 ) .
Clarence Dillon graduated from Worcester Academy and then Harvard , in 1905 .
Born in Grand Rapids , Michigan , Rex Cherryman attended Colgate University , ( Hamilton , New York ) in 1915 - 1916 .
Nick Winton received a Bachelor of Arts from Brown University in 1985 .
Bernard Roizman received his B.A. and M.S. from Temple University , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and subsequently attended the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health where he received his Sc . D.
Adolf Mwesige holds the degree of Bachelor of Laws ( LLB ) from Makerere University , Uganda 's oldest university .
Labdhi Bhandari ( 29 July 1948 -- 19 October 1988 ) was the State Trading Corporation of India Professor of Marketing at the Indian Institute of Management , Ahmedabad and a widely respected authority on marketing in India .
Sudhindra Bose attended Victoria College of University of Calcutta from 1901 - 1903 .
Born on 27 November 1858 , in Hoshangabad , India , where his father was an assistant surgeon in the Indian Medical Service , Frank Beaman was educated at Bedford School and at The Queen 's College , Oxford .
Edward Daniel Cartier ( August 1 , 1914 -- December 25 , 2008 ) , known professionally as Edd Cartier , was an American pulp magazine illustrator who specialized in science fiction and fantasy art . Born in North Bergen , New Jersey , Cartier studied at Pratt Institute .
Vijay Bahuguna did his bachelors Arts and then LLB from Allahabad University in Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh .
Juan Carlos Escotet has a master 's degree from the University of Miami .
Dmitry Shirkov graduated from the Faculty of Physics at Moscow State University ( MSU ) in 1949 .
Johannes du Plessis attended seminary in the University of Stellenbosch in South Africa and later the University of Edinburgh in Scotland , graduating with a doctorate in theology .
Dr. Eugene Revitch , M.D. ( 1909 - -1996 ) was born in Riga , Latvia , attended the University of Montpellier in France , and graduated from the University of Paris Medical School in 1936 .
Asfandyar Wali Khan completed his early education from Aitchison College , Lahore , High School from Islamia Collegiate School and his BA from Islamia College , Peshawar Pakhtoon Khwa University of Peshawar .
Erias Lukwago attended Makerere University between 1995 until 1997 , graduating with the degree of Bachelor of Laws ( LLB ) .
Søren Ulrik Thomsen studied comparative literature at the University of Copenhagen , but prioritized writing poetry rather than completing his degree .
After finishing the high school , Yıldırım Akbulut was educated in Law at Istanbul University .
Nicholas Peterson is a graduate of the California Institute of the Arts ( CalArts ) where he developed skills in stop - motion animation .
In 1996 , he received a J.D. from the Southern Methodist University School of Law , where he was president of the Student Bar Association . Todd Gilbert is married to Jennifer Wishon Gilbert .
Bolte Taylor founded the nonprofit Jill Bolte Taylor Brains , Inc. , she is affiliated with the Indiana University School of Medicine , and she is the national spokesperson for the Harvard Brain Tissue Resource Center .
Anna Simó earned an undergraduate degree in Catalan philology from the University of Barcelona in 1991 and went on to complete a post - degree program in language planning at the same university in 1992 .
Shyamaprasad Mukherjee , FNASc , known as S. P. Mukherjee , ( born 16 June 1939 ) is an Indian statistician and the Centenary Professor of Statistics at the University of Calcutta .
Bill Putich was an American football player who played quarterback and halfback for the University of Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1949 to 1951 .
William J. Ripple is a Distinguished Professor of Ecology at Oregon State University in the Department of Forest Ecosystems and Society .
Killi Krupa Rani was born in Srikakulam and did her M.B.B.S. at Andhra Medical College , Visakhapatanam , Andhra Pradesh .
Leora Skolkin - Smith graduated ( BA and MFA ) from Sarah Lawrence College .
Susan Winchester , born in Chickasha , Oklahoma , earned her bachelor 's and master 's degrees at the University of Oklahoma .
Don McLeary attended the University of Tennessee at Knoxville , working to obtain Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees .
Born in London , where her parents settled after migrating from India , Maya Jaggi was educated at Oxford University and the London School of Economics .
Mubasshar Hussein completed his bachelor of architecture from Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology .
Richard Hosking , a graduate of the University of Cambridge and emeritus professor of Sociology and English at Hiroshima Shudo University , has lived in London since 1998 and is a writer on Japanese food .
The Peter De Abrew Memorial Scholarship has been awarded annually since 1948 in his memory at his alma mater Royal College , Colombo and the Peter De Abrew Memorial Auditorium at Musaeus College is named after him .
In 1826 Hugh Falconer graduated at the University of Aberdeen , where he studied natural history .
A graduate of Beijing Language and Culture University and Columbia Law School , Da Chen lived in the Hudson Valley in New York but has recently moved to Torrance , California with his wife , the paranormal romance author Sunni , and two children .
Steve Giovinco was born in Tarrytown , New York ; he graduated from Washington University in St. Louis with a BA in history and literature and Yale University with an MFA in photography , where he studied with Tod Papageorge , Thomas Roma , Richard Benson ;
LaMar C. Berrett ( March 28 , 1926 -- August 25 , 2007 ) was an American professor of religion at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Seymour Ginsburg received his B.S. from City College of New York in 1948 , where along with fellow student Martin Davis he attended an honors mathematics class taught by Emil Post .
Daniel Blythe is a British author , who was born in Maidstone in 1969 and studied Modern Languages at St John 's College , Oxford .
Donald M. Frame ( 1911 in Manhattan -- March 8 , 1991 in Alexandria , Virginia ) , a scholar of French Renaissance literature , was Moore Professor Emeritus of French at Columbia University , where he laboured for half a century .
Thomas J. McCormick is an emeritus professor of history at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison where he succeeded William Appleman Williams and continued the groundbreaking work of the so - called Wisconsin School that is credited with launching the New Left movement in diplomatic history .
Evelyn Basil Boothby ( of the family of the Boothby baronets ) was educated at Winchester College and Corpus Christi College , Cambridge .
After high school , Curtis Pride attended the College of William and Mary .
Born in New York City , the son of Stella Commins Ballantine ( niece of anarchist Emma Goldman ) , Ian Ballantine received his undergraduate degree from Columbia College and his graduate degree from the London School of Economics .
Willard Warch ( 1909 -- October 12 , 2002 ) was a schoolmaster at Punahou School in Honolulu , HI , first cello with the Honolulu Symphony and a Professor of Music and Theory at Oberlin College for 30 years .
After graduating from York Memorial Collegiate Institute Alan Tonks attended York University where he earned a Master 's degree in political economy and the University of Toronto where he received a Masters in Education .
Lushin Dubey did her Masters in Science in Childhood and Special Education in the US , after a Masters in History from Lady Shri Ram College for Women ( LSR ) , University of Delhi , India and was then deeply involved in teaching mentally challenged kids .
Crawford Long was a member of the Demosthenian Literary Society while a student at the University of Georgia and shared a room with Alexander Stephens , Vice President of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War .
Jean - Victor Poncelet ( July 1 , 1788 -- December 22 , 1867 ) was a French engineer and mathematician who served most notably as the Commanding General of the École Polytechnique .
Victor Remsha became involved in the world of finance in 1993 as a student of the Bauman Moscow State Technical University .
Thompson Capper attended Haileybury and Imperial Service College and the Royal Military College , Sandhurst before being commissioned into the East Lancashire Regiment as a junior officer in 1882 .
Dr Heather Bell was brought up in Canada , and studied at Harvard University graduating summa cum laude in History and Science at the age of 20 .
Juan Francisco Casas Ruiz graduated with a B.A. and a M.F.A. from the University of Granada .
He was the only son of Thomas Neale of Warnford , Hampshire by Lucy , the daughter of Sir William Uvedale of Wickham , Hampshire and educated at Clare College , Cambridge .
Born in Genoa , Italy , and educated at Istituto Arecco , Tomaso Poggio completed his doctorate in physics at the University of Genoa and received his degree in Theoretical Physics under professor A. Borsellino .
Constantin Rozanoff entered the prestigious engineering school École Centrale Paris , where he graduated in 1928 .
Horace Wilder was born at West Hartland , Connecticut , and graduated from Yale University in 1823 .
Kelly Harrison ( born 1980 ) is a British actress , educated at Hungerhill School , Edenthorpe , Doncaster ..
In 1901 , the University of Edinburgh inaugurated the John Hughes Bennett Laboratory of Experimental Pathology , in homage to `` one of that galaxy of talent and genius that illuminated Edinburgh in the middle decades of the last century '' .
Jennifer Servo worked as a news reporter at KPAX - TV in Missoula during her freshman year in college at the University of Montana , and later at KECI - TV , which serves most of western Montana .
Wafaa El - Sadr MD , MPH is director of the International Center for AIDS Care and Treatment Programs ( ICAP ) and director of the Center for Infectious Disease Epidemiologic Research CIDER at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health .
Hanna Mortkowicz - Olczakowa graduated Polish studies and art history from the University of Warsaw , also she was studying painting at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw .
Anthony Marten was educated at Trinity Hall , Cambridge , but there is no evidence that he graduated .
David Fishelson attended Phillips Academy in Andover , Massachusetts ( class of 1974 ) , and the University of Wisconsin - Madison ( class of 1978 ) -- where his mentor was film scholar David Bordwell -- before attending one year of graduate school at the University of Paris III :
William Jewett Tucker graduated from Dartmouth in 1861 and studied for the ministry at Andover Theological Seminary .
David Hermelin ( December 27 , 1936 -- November 22 , 2000 ) was United States ambassador to Norway and a Detroit area philanthropist and entrepreneur and a graduate of the University of Michigan 's Ross School of Business .
Hur Jin - ho graduated from Yonsei University with a degree in philosophy and went on to study filmmaking at the Korean Academy of Film Arts .
Michael Ancher was influenced by his traditional training at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in the 1870s which imposed strict rules for composition .
Rich Perry attended Bowling Green State University for a year before moving to New York .
James B. Terrill was a graduate of Virginia Military Institute , class of 1858 .
Jesuit High School , where Rusty graduated , annually gives the Rusty Staub Award to the leader of the varsity baseball team .
Martin Geissler ( born 1971 ) is a Scottish broadcast journalist and correspondent for ITV News Geissler , a former pupil at George Watson 's College in Edinburgh , skipping university to join the new Scottish bureau of the then - recently launched Sky News .
Edgar Vaalgamaa however did n't want to be a fisherman , but went to study theology to the University of Helsinki in 1934 .
Glenn Chadbourne attended Lincoln Academy before continuing his education at The Portland School of Art . He also attended the University of Maine at Augusta , as well as the University of Southern Maine .
Fynes Moryson was educated at Peterhouse , Cambridge , and after graduating he gained a fellowship for further study there .
David Limbaugh has a bachelor 's degree , cum laude , in political science and a Juris Doctor ( J.D. ) from the University of Missouri .
Lawrence Holland studied Anthropology and Prehistoric Archeology , graduating Magna Cum Laude from Cornell University in 1979 .
Gertrude Bell received her early education from Queen 's College in London and then later at Lady Margaret Hall , Oxford University , at the age of 17 .
Greg Stafford began wargaming after picking up a copy of U - Boat by Avalon Hill , and in 1966 as a freshman at Beloit College he started writing about the fantasy world of Glorantha .
Robert Ray Hamilton graduated from Columbia College and Columbia Law School .
Sibiraj did his schooling in Sherwood Hall Senior Secondary School and Don Bosco Matriculation Higher Secondary School and went to Loyola College where he completed a degree in commerce .
Nicholas Boyle FBA ( born 18 June 1946 ) is the Schröder Professor of German at the University of Cambridge and a fellow of Magdalene College , Cambridge .
Born at Kingsley House , Maidstone , Kent , Julius Brenchley was educated at Maidstone Grammar School and the St John 's College , Cambridge .
Robert Simson ( 14 October 1687 -- 1 October 1768 ) was a Scottish mathematician and professor of mathematics at the University of Glasgow .
Max Kahn went to the USA in 1907 studying art at Bradley University , went to Paris in 1926 - -1928 , where he studied primarily sculpture with Charles Despiau and Antoine Bourdelle and drawing with Othon Friesz at the Academy Suede West on the Rive Droite .
Deborah Klimburg - Salter is an art historian and emeritus professor for non - European art history at the Department of Art History of the University of Vienna .
Kirsten Nieuwendam ( born August 26 , 1991 in Paramaribo ) is a Surinamese athlete , who attended St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , and currently attends Pennsylvania State University in State College , Pennsylvania .
Manpreet Singh Badal attended The Doon School and St. Stephen 's College , Delhi .
David Biespiel ( born February 18 , 1964 ) is an American writer who was born in Tulsa , Oklahoma , raised in Houston , Texas , and educated at Boston University , University of Maryland , and Stanford University .
Yamini Reddy did her schooling at Modern School Barakhamba Road , New Delhi and her graduation from Lady Shri Ram College for Women .
Born on 2 April 1903 , Audley McKisack was educated at Bedford School and at University College , Oxford .
Matt Bernstein ( born December 26 , 1982 ) is a former American football standout at University of Wisconsin-- Madison , who is currently a free agent of the Arena Football League after a stint in the National Football League with the Detroit Lions .
Joan Busfield ( born 22 June 1940 ) , is a British sociologist and psychologist , Professor of Sociology at the University of Essex and former President of the British Sociological Association ( 2003 - -2005 ) .
Gerald Domingue ( born 2 March 1937 ) is an American medical researcher ( bacteriology , immunology , experimental urology ) and academic who served as Professor of Urology , Microbiology and Immunology in the Tulane University School of Medicine and Graduate School for thirty years and also as Director of Research in Urology .
Eber Priestley was a graduate of the University of Birmingham , Birmingham .
Christopher Columbus Langdell ( May 22 , 1826 -- July 6 , 1906 ) was an American jurist and legal academic who was Dean of Harvard Law School from 1870 to 1895 .
Pete Brewton holds a Bachelor 's degree in philosophy from Rice University , a Master 's degree in astronomy from New Mexico State University , a Master 's degree from the American Graduate School of International Management , and a law degree from the University of Texas .
Alison Elliot OBE is the Associate Director of the Centre for Theology and Public Issues at the University of Edinburgh , Scotland .
Earl Henri de Dion ( born near Montfort - l'Amaury on 23 December 1828 , died in Paris on 13 April 1878 ) was a French engineer of École Centrale Paris .
Şerif Turgut received her master 's degree in international politics from George Washington University , USA .
Mikhail Petrashevsky graduated from the Tsarskoye Selo Lyceum ( 1839 ) and Saint Petersburg State University with a degree in law ( 1841 ) .
Sandra Graham is a professor of education at University of California , Los Angeles , where she holds the Presidential Chair in Education and Diversity .
Biplab Dasgupta received his MA in economics from the University of Calcutta .
Hilda Hänchen received her doctorate in 1943 from the University of Hamburg under the supervision of Fritz Goos , with a dissertation titled Über das Eindringen des totalreflektierten Lichtes in das dünnere Medium ( `` On the penetration of totally reflected light into the rarer medium '' ) .
Winfried Fluck studied German , English and American literature at Freie Universität Berlin , Harvard University and the University of California , Berkeley .
Born Gwyneth June Goodfield in Stratford - upon - Avon in 1927 , she read Zoology at the University of London and undertook a PhD in History and Philosophy of Science at Leeds University , graduating in 1959 , and spending the following year as a research assistant at Oxford University .
Born in 1898 in Wuyi , Zhejiang , Tang Enbo was a graduate of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy , and therefore was familiar with the tactics of his Japanese enemy during the Second Sino - Japanese War .
Mair Russell - Jones , born Mair Eluned Thomas ( 1917 - -2013 ) , was a graduate in Music and German from Cardiff University who during the Second World War worked as a civilian codebreaker for the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park .
Born in July , 1935 Abrar Hasan got his bachelor 's degree in law from University of Karachi .
Max Hattler holds a BA from Goldsmiths ( 2001 ) , a Master of Arts in Animation from the Royal College of Art ( 2005 ) and a Doctorate in Fine Art from the University of East London ( 2014 ) .
Marti Hearst is a professor in the School of Information at the University of California , Berkeley .
Fernand Daoust studied economics and industrial relations at the Université de Montréal .
Seven Essays by Bernard Knox and Others ( Yale University Press , 1955 ) , ISBN 978 - 0 - 300 - 00328 - 4 .
John Bertram Andrews ( 1880 - -1943 ) was an American economist , born in South Wayne , Wisconsin , and educated at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison and at Dartmouth College .
He was the eldest child of Sun Jian , who was killed during the Battle of Xiangyang when Sun Ce was only 16 .
The eldest son of Constans II , Constantine IV had been named a co - emperor with his father in 654 .
Gaius Julius Priscus ( fl . 3rd century ) was a Roman soldier and member of the Praetorian Guard in the reign of Gordian III . Priscus was born in the Roman province of Syria , possibly in Damascus , son of a Julius Marinus a local Roman citizen , possibly of some importance .
Abd - al - Dar ibn Qusai forms an important link between his father , Qusai ibn Kilab ( c. 400 - -480 ) , the great - great - grandfather of Shaiba ibn Hashim ( Abdul - Mutallib ) and his own sons , since he is the progenitor of the Banu Abd - al - dar
Nikolaus , Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg ( German : Nikolaus Friedrich Wilhelm von Holstein - Gottorp , Erbgroßherzog von Oldenburg ; 10 August 1897 -- 3 April 1970 ) was the eldest son of Frederick Augustus II , Grand Duke of Oldenburg , who was the last ruling Grand Duke of Oldenburg .
Moritz Hermann of Limburg , ( born 1664 , died 1703 ) , count of Limburg Stirum , son of Moritz of Limburg Stirum , was the second reigning count of the branch Limburg - Styrum - Styrum .
Sayyid Ali al - Hakim was born in Najaf , the son of Ayatollah Sayyid Abdul al - Sahib , and the grandson of the Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Muhsin al - Hakim , the latter is considered one of the greatest Shi'ite scholars of the 20th century .
Tadeáš Hájek was the son of Šimon Hájek ( ca . 1485 - -1551 ) from an old Prague family .
Archidamus III ( Ancient Greek : Ἀρχίδαμος Γ΄ ) , the son of Agesilaus II , was king of Sparta from 360 BC to 338 BC . While still a prince , he was the eispnelas ( inspirer , or pederastic lover ) of Cleonymus , son of Sphodrias .
Ardys II was the second king of the Mermnad dynasty in Lydia , the son of King Gyges of Lydia .
Murdoch Stewart , Duke of Albany ( Scottish Gaelic : Muireadhach Stiubhart ) ( 1362 -- 24 May 1425 ) was a leading Scottish nobleman , the son of Robert Stewart , Duke of Albany and the grandson of King Robert II of Scotland , who founded the Stewart dynasty .
The museum , named after Wilhelm Lehmbruck , was originally designed by his son , Manfred Lehmbruck ( 1913 - -1992 ) .
Adolph of Cleves , Lord of Ravenstein ( 1425 - -1492 ) was the youngest son of Adolph I , Duke of Cleves and of his wife Marie of Burgundy , a sister of Philip the Good , Duke of Burgundy .
Born at Carcassonne , François de Joyeuse was the second son of Guillaume de Joyeuse and Marie Eléanor de Batarnay .
Dr Daryl Ng Win Kong , JP ( 黃永光 ) , born in 1978 , is the eldest son of Robert Ng , Chairman of Sino Group .
Nina Boucicault ( 27 February 1867 -- 2 August 1950 ) was an English actress born to playwright Dion Boucicault and his wife , actress Agnes Kelly Robertson .
The son of Irene ( née Roth ) and Richard Pipes , Daniel Pipes was born in Boston , Massachusetts , in 1949 .
Muthuvel Karunanidhi Azhagiri ( born 30 January 1951 ) , commonly known as M. K. Alagiri , is an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu and was a Cabinet Minister of Chemicals and Fertilizers from 13 June 2009 -- 20 March 2013 .
Nathalie Vadim ( born 1958 ) is the daughter of Roger Vadim and actress Annette Stroyberg .
Ranefer ‒ who had a title `` King 's Son '' ‒ was a son of Pharaoh Sneferu , who was the first ruler of the Fourth Dynasty .
Matthew Pritzker ( born May 28 , 1982 ) , is a member of the wealthy Pritzker family , the son of Robert Pritzker and one of several heirs of the Pritzker family 's Hyatt Hotel fortune .
Tizoc was a son of the Princess Atotoztli II and her cousin , prince Tezozomoc .
Piero Marrazzo is the son of Giuseppe Marrazzo ( a field journalist noted for his investigations on mafia ) and Italian - American Luigia Spina .
Jan Roettiers ( Antwerp 4 July 1631 - London , 1703 ) Joseph Roettiers ( Antwerp 1 August 1635 - Paris , 12 September 1703 ) Philip Roettiers ( Antwerp 13 September 1640 - Antwerp , 1718 ) ( father of François Roettiers ) Each one of them and their sons continued the family tradition .
Scat Daddy was sired by Johannesburg out of the mare Love Style .
Daišan was born of the Manchu Aisin Gioro clan as the second son of Nurhaci , founder of the Qing Dynasty .
James Butler , 5th Earl of Ormond , 1st Earl of Wiltshire , KG ( c.1422 -- 1 May 1461 ) was the son of James Butler , 4th Earl of Ormond .
The son of a fellow economist and author , Trygve Hoff , Ole - Jacob Hoff also functioned as editor of the influential Norwegian - language economic periodical Farmand until 1989 .
Benjamin Stillingfleet was born in Wood Norton , Norfolk in 1702 to Mary Ann and Edward Stillingfleet , a physician .
Jacopo Alighieri ( 1289 - -1348 ) was an Italian poet , the son of Dante Alighieri , whom he followed in his exile .
Nicolas - Pierre Tiolier was the son of Pierre - Joseph Tiolier ( 1763 - -1819 ) .
Beldale Ball ( foaled 1976 ) was a brown Thoroughbred racehorse stallion by Nashua out of the mare San Cat ( by Barbizon ) .
His father was Perry Richardson Bass , an investor and philanthropist , and his mother , Nancy Lee Bass , was a philanthropist .
Tarabai was the daughter of the famed Maratha general Hambirao Mohite .
In 577 , with Northern Qi under a major attack by rival Northern Zhou , Gao Heng 's father Gao Wei , then emperor , wanted to try to deflect ill omens that portended a change in imperial status , and therefore passed the throne to Gao Heng .
Marta Jandová is the daughter of the Czech musician Petr Janda , the solo - guitarist and singer of the band Olympic , which was one of the first and most popular rockbands in the Czech Republic .
Yesünto'a was the son of Mutukan , and grandson of Chagatai , founder of the Chagatai Khanate .
Bred by the Wheatley Stable partnership of Gladys Mills Phipps and her brother , Ogden L. Mills , Bold Bidder was sired by their great stallion Bold Ruler , an eight - time Leading sire in North America and U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee .
Probably the son of Zhao Suhou ( Marquess Su of Zhao , Simplified Chinese : 赵肃侯 ) , King Wuling of Zhao ascended to the throne at 325 BCE , about halfway into the Warring States Period .
Alp Arslan died from this wound four days later , on 25 November 1072 , in his 42nd year , and he was taken to Merv to be buried next to his father , Chaghri Beg .
Bred by E. Dale Schaffer 's Coldstream Stud in Lexington , Kentucky , Bull Lea was sired by Bull Dog and out of the mare , Rose Leaves by Ballot .
Cao Xun ( 231 - -244 ) was the older of two adopted sons of Cao Rui , second emperor of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history .
Diane Linkletter ( October 31 , 1948 -- October 4 , 1969 ) was the daughter and youngest child of popular American media personality Art Linkletter , and his wife Lois Foerster .
William Stobart is the executive chairman of Eddie Stobart Logistics Limited , and former Chief Operating Officer of the Stobart Group .
Bejaratana Rajasuda ( Thai : เพชรรัตนราชสุดา ; Thai pronunciation : ( pʰêttɕʰarát râːttɕʰasùdāː ) ; rtgs : Phetcharat Ratchasuda , 24 November 1925 -- 27 July 2011 ) was the only child of the King Vajiravudh of Thailand .
Antoine Jacob was the son of Zacharie Jacob , who was the first to adopt Montfleury as a stage name and had achieved great fame as an actor and playwright himself .
Shardari was a bay horse with a faint white star and white socks on his hind legs bred in Ireland by his owner Aga Khan IV . His sire Top Ville was an Irish - bred , French - trained horse which won the Prix du Jockey Club in 1979 .
William Howard , 1st Viscount Stafford , FRS ( 30 November 1614 -- 29 December 1680 ) was the youngest son of Thomas Howard , 21st Earl of Arundel , and his wife , the former Alethea Talbot .
Na'od was the second son of Baeda Maryam I and his second wife Kalyupe ( also called `` Calliope '' ) , and was born at Gabarge .
Galindo Garcés ( died 844 ) was a Count of Aragón from 833 until his death in 844 , the son and successor of García Galíndez ( count of Aragón 820 - -833 ) .
Eremein was by Timber Country ( USA ) from Marrego ( won $ 78,520 ) by Marscay .
Able Friend is a chestnut gelding , with a white sock on his right hind leg bred in Australia by Stuart Ramsey 's Ramsey Pastoral Co Pty Ltd. He was sired by the Godolphin stallion Shamardal who won six of his seven races in Europe including four Group One events .
Ramkarpal Singh s / o Karpal Singh is a Malaysian lawyer and politician .
He was fathered out of wedlock by Panamanian military ruler Omar Torrijos , Martín Torrijos was educated in economics and political science in the US .
Geneviève Halévy was the daughter of the composer Jacques - Fromental Halévy and his wife , née Léonie Rodrigues - Henriques , both Jewish .
His brother Louis - Auguste Say ( 1774 - -1840 ) was a director of a sugar refinery at Nantes who wrote several books on economics ; his son , Horace - Émile Say ( 1794 - -1860 ) , Léon Say 's father , was educated at Geneva , before travelling in America .
Baldwin of Clare ( fl . 1141 ) was the youngest son of Gilbert Fitz - Richard ( de Clare ) , of the elder branch of the line of Gilbert , count of Eu , grandson of Richard the Fearless .
Margrethe von der Lühe was the daughter of count Christian Christopher Holck and Ermegaard Sophie von Winterfeldt and the sister of Conrad Holck , the favorite of king Christian VII of Denmark .
The son of former NBA player Joe Bryant , Kobe Bryant enjoyed a successful high school basketball career at Lower Merion High School in Pennsylvania , where he was recognized as the top high school basketball player in the country .
Richard March Hoe was born in New York City , the son of Robert Hoe ( 1784 - -1833 ) , an English - born American mechanic from Leicestershire .
Kamran Mirza , sometimes known simply as Kamran , ( 1509 -- 5 ( or 6 ) October 1557 ) was the second son of Babur , the founder of the Mughal Empire and the first Mughal Emperor .
Country Garden ( Chinese : 碧桂園 ; Pinyin : Bìguìyuán ) ( SEHK : 2007 ) is a property development company based in Guangdong Province , China , owned by Yang Guoqiang 's family ( Chinese : 杨国强 ; Pinyin : Yáng Guóqiáng ) .
RJ Rockers Brewing Company is a beer brewing company based in Spartanburg , South Carolina , founded in 1997 by current owner / brewer , Mark R. Johnsen .
Childhood excursions with his father and older brother led the 14-year - old Francisco Moreno to mount a display of his growing collection of anthropological , fossil and bone findings at his family 's Buenos Aires home in 1866 , unwittingly laying the foundations for the future La Plata Museum .
Mideast Youth , which relies on open source platforms , like WordPress and Ruby on Rails , was launched in 2006 by Esra'a Al - Shafei as a simple group - blogging idea .
Public Advocate of the United States is an organization founded in 1978 by Eugene Delgaudio .
Videoflicks is a video rental store ( formerly a chain headquartered in Toronto , Ontario ) which was founded in 1981 by Michael and Beverly Kavanagh .
De Höhner ( Kölsch for The Chickens , pronounced ( də ˈhøˑnɐ ) , German : ( də ˈhøːnɐ ) ) , sometimes ( də ˈhœːnɐ ) ) is a band from Cologne , Germany .
Micron Technology , Inc. is an American multinational corporation based in Boise , Idaho which produces many forms of semiconductor devices , including dynamic random - access memory , flash memory , and solid - state drives .
BIAS ( originally known as Berkley Integrated Audio Software ) was a privately held corporation based in Petaluma , California .
Charvet Place Vendôme , pronounced ( ʃaʁvɛ plas vɑ̃dɔm ) , or simply Charvet , is a French high - end shirt maker and tailor located at 28 Place Vendôme in Paris .
In 1997 , the first Čili Pica restaurant was opened on Konstitucijos Avenue in Vilnius , Lithuania .
Public Bank Berhad ( MYX : 1295 ) is a bank based in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia offering financial services in Malaysia as well as the Asia - Pacific region .
ProfitKey International , Inc. is a privately held U.S. software company based in Salem , New Hampshire .
Hy - Line Cruises ( colloquially referred to as Hy - Line , and legally Hyannis Harbor Tours Inc. ) is a family owned and operated Massachusetts ferry and cruise company .
CRC - Evans has corporate headquarters in Houston , Texas .
The Dominion Line was a trans - atlantic passenger line founded in 1870 as the Liverpool & Mississippi Steamship Co. , with the official name being changed in 1872 to the Mississippi & Dominion Steamship Co Ltd. The firm was amalgamated in 1902 into the International Mercantile Marine Co ..
The National Bank of Greece ( NBG ; Greek : Εθνική Τράπεζα της Ελλάδος ) is a global banking and financial services company with its headquarters in Athens , Greece .
On February 20 , 1950 , Himalayan Aviation ran the first ever international flight from Nepal , from Gauchar ( Nepal ) to Calcutta ( now Kolkata)(India ) .
First American National Bank was a subsidiary of First American National Corporation , a financial institution based in Nashville , Tennessee that served the states of Tennessee , Kentucky , Georgia and Virginia .
Association Najdeh ( AN ) ( جمعية النجدة الاجتماعية in Arabic , Arabic najdeh=``relief '' or `` aid '' ) is an NGO involved with development and educational projects in Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon .
Saddle Creek Records is an American record label based in Omaha , Nebraska .
Busboys and Poets is a restaurant , bookstore , lounge , and theater in Washington , D.C. , founded in 2005 by Andy Shallal .
George Adlam & Sons Ltd ( formerly known as George Adlam ) was an iron and brass foundry and engineering company in Fishponds , Bristol , England .
The Green Door Tavern is reputedly Chicago 's oldest surviving drinking establishment .
The Development Bank of the Philippines ( DBP ; Filipino : Bangko sa Pagpapaunlád ng Pilipinas ; Spanish : Banco de Agricola y Hacienda de Filipinas , Banco de Desarollo de Filipinas ) is a state - owned development bank headquartered in Makati , the Philippines .
The Ghabbour Group is an Egyptian manufacturer of automobiles , buses , trucks and motorcycles located in Cairo .
Banque d'Hochelaga was a Canadian bank based in Montreal , Quebec .
The Institute for New Economic Thinking ( INET ) is a New York City - based nonprofit think tank .
Aqris was an Estonian software development company located in Tallinn , founded in 1999 by Oliver Wihler and Sander Mägi .
Diagnostic Health Corporation , based in Birmingham , Alabama , is one of the nation 's largest independent diagnostic imaging companies .
Applied Science International , LLC , aka ASI is a United States based company headquartered in Raleigh , North Carolina , that provides advanced engineering design and analysis software and services to the DHS , United States Department of Defense , Engineering Firms , Demolition Contractors , and Universities .
Niche Retail is an eCommerce company based in Sylvan Lake , Michigan .
The NRJ Group ( NRJ is an acronym read as énergie in French , pronounced ( enɛʁʒi ) ) ( Euronext : NRG ) is a French multimedia group based in Paris .
Rancocas Farm was an American thoroughbred horse racing stud farm and racing stable located on Monmouth Road ( County Road 537 ) in the Jobstown , section of Springfield Township , Burlington County , New Jersey .
University of Agronomic Sciences and Veterinary Medicine ( Romanian : Universitatea de Ştiinţe Agronomice şi Medicină Veterinară ) in Bucharest , Romania , is a university which specializes in agriculture and veterinary medicine .
Flippa is a marketplace for buying and selling websites , domain names and iOS apps , based in Melbourne , Australia and San Francisco .
Santé Diabète ( SD ) ( Health Diabetes ) is a French Non - governmental organization ( NGOs ) whose headquarters is based in Grenoble ( France ) which is working on strengthening health systems to improve the prevention and management of diabetes in Africa .
Agriprocessors was the corporate identity of a slaughterhouse and meat - packaging factory based in Postville , Iowa , best known as a facility for the glatt kosher processing of cattle , as well as chicken , turkey , duck , and lamb .
2003 also saw the opening of the Gaydon factory , the first purpose - built factory in Aston Martin 's history .
The Trinity Centre for Asian Studies ( TCAS ) is located in Dublin at Trinity College .
Radio Netherlands Worldwide ( RNW ; Dutch : Radio Nederland Wereldomroep ) was a public radio and television network based in Hilversum , producing and transmitting programmes for international audiences outside the Netherlands .
Lufa Farms is an agricultural and technology company located in the Ahuntsic - Cartierville neighborhood of Montreal , Quebec .
Sibir Energy is a London - based Russian public limited company , whose primary line of business is petroleum and natural gas exploration in Siberia .
Far East Orchard Limited ( FEO ) , formerly known as Orchard Parade Holdings Limited is a listed subsidiary of Far East Organization in Singapore .
The Link - Belt Construction Equipment Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sumitomo Heavy Industries based in Lexington , Kentucky , which manufactures telescopic and lattice boom cranes .
The Lion Store is a defunct retailer and department store chain in the city of Toledo , Ohio .
HWA Team is the motor racing team of HWA AG , a German company , based in Affalterbach , that also develops and builds vehicles and components for Mercedes - AMG .
Vons is a Southern California and Southern Nevada supermarket chain and a division of Safeway , Inc. It is headquartered in Arcadia , California , and operates stores under the Vons and Pavilions banners .
The Kresge Foundation is a U.S. philanthropic private foundation headquartered in Troy , Michigan .
Banco Privado Português ( BPP ) was a private Portuguese bank , based in Lisbon .
The Society Management is a talent agency based in New York City , New York , and is the official U.S. division of the Elite World network .
ETX Capital is the trading name of Monecor ( London ) Limited .
The University of Kentucky ( UK ) is a public co - educational university in Lexington , Kentucky .
Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market was a chain of grocery stores in the western United States , headquartered in El Segundo , California .
UMB Financial Corporation is an American financial services company based in Kansas City , Missouri , offering complete banking , payment solutions , asset servicing and institutional investment management to customers .
Mawarid Finance is a private joint stock company in Dubai , UAE providing Shari'a - compliant financial services .
The current Miss Grand International is Anea Garcia of Dominican Republic who was crowned on 25 October 2015 in Bangkok , Thailand .
Picaboo is a web - based image publishing and printing service based in Redwood City , California .
Shutl is a London - based technology start - up offering a rapid fulfillment service by connecting online retailers with local same - day couriers .
Yancey 's Fancy is a producer of artisan cheeses based in Corfu , New York , USA .
P&L Transportation , Inc. , formerly Four Rivers Transportation , Inc. , based in Wilmington , Delaware , is a railroad holding company in the United States .
Talkspace is an online and mobile therapy company based in New York City .
Clerys was a long - established department store on O'Connell Street in Dublin , Ireland , a focal point of the street .
Sana Commerce is a B2B e - commerce software company headquartered at the Van Nelle Factory , located in Rotterdam , Netherlands .
Desire Petroleum plc ( LSE : DES ) is an oil and gas exploration company headquartered in Malvern , England .
Radical Studios is an American multimedia studio with offices in Los Angeles .
The company Wilson - Pilcher was founded in 1901 by Walter Gordon Wilson in London to produce automobiles .
MathStar opened an office in Oregon in May 2005 and announced in December that year they would move company headquarters to Hillsboro , Oregon , to have better access to microprocessor talent in the area 's Silicon Forest .
Based in Padborg , Southern Jutland , TraXion was formed in late March 2001 by former PBS manager Erik Panduro .
Siluria Technologies , Inc. is a San Francisco - based company , founded in 2008 , which has developed methods for converting natural gas into products such as ethylene , gasoline and diesel fuel using chemical catalysts instead of heat and pressure .
Seebeckwerft A.G. was a German shipbuilding company , located in Bremerhaven at the mouth of the river Weser .
TerraNet AB was founded in 2004 by the inventor of the technology , Anders Carlius , a serial entrepreneur from Lund , Skåne County .
Grado Labs is an audio manufacturer known for hand building high - end dynamic open - air headphones and cartridges in Brooklyn , New York .
FontShop was founded in Berlin in 1989 by Erik Spiekermann and Joan Spiekermann , who were then husband and wife , and Neville Brody .
Savers , Inc. headquartered in Bellevue , Washington , is a privately held for - profit thrift store chain offering second hand shopping .
The Meow Mix Company operates from a 200,000-square - foot ( 19,000 m2 ) facility in Decatur , Alabama and produces Alley Cat brand cat food products .
Bamforth & Co Ltd is a publishing , film and illustration company based in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Peanut Corporation of America ( PCA ) was a peanut - processing business with headquarters in Lynchburg , Virginia , plants in other southern states , and distribution across the United States , now defunct as a result of one of the most massive and lethal food - borne contamination events in U.S. history .
Kiewit Corporation is an employee - owned Fortune 500 contractor based in Omaha , Nebraska .
FRELIMO was founded in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania on 25 June 1962 , when three regionally based nationalist organizations : the Mozambican African National Union ( MANU ) , National Democratic Union of Mozambique ( UDENAMO ) , and the National African Union of Independent Mozambique ( UNAMI , ) merged into one broad - based guerrilla movement .
WakeUpNow was a multi - level marketing organization based in Provo , Utah , that sold products and services focused on health and financial management .
The Gruppo Torinese Trasporti ( GTT ) is a public benefit corporation responsible for public transportation in the provinces of Turin , Alessandria , Cuneo and Asti .
Arrow Scout Group is a school - based all boys scout unit in Victoria School , Singapore .
VAPCO Manufacturing CO . Ltd. is a company based in Amman , Jordan , that produces veterinary and agrochemical products .
Oddball Film+Video is a stock footage company based in San Francisco , California .
Wellington Jewels was a Washington , D.C .- based jewellery store and direct mail chain , operating from the 1960s through the 1990s .
Waneko is a Polish manga publisher , located in Warsaw , Poland .
Liberty Games is a UK - based retailer , distributor and designer of games room equipment located in Epsom , England .
Coin Street Community Builders ( CSCB ) is a development trust and social enterprise which seeks to make London 's South Bank a better place in which to live , to work , to visit and to study .
Reina Mundial del Banano ( World Queen of Bananas ) is a beauty pageant held in Machala , Ecuador since 1985 , and is restricted to banana producing countries .
CI Financial Corp. is a diversified wealth management firm headquartered in Toronto , Ontario and is one of Canada 's largest investment fund companies .
Whereonearth was a company based in the United Kingdom and was acquired by Yahoo ! Oct 18 , 2005 .
Airgo Networks ( formerly Woodside Networks ) , is a Palo Alto , California - based company specializing in the development of multiple - input multiple - output ( MIMO ) wireless technology .
Rockchip ( Fuzhou Rockchip Electronics Co. , Ltd. ) is a Chinese fabless semiconductor company based in Fuzhou , Fujian province .
McTay Marine is a shipbuilder in Bromborough , Merseyside .
Reinet Investments S.C.A. is a Luxembourg - based investment vehicle that was demerged from the Swiss luxury goods company Richemont on 20 October 2008 .
Teweles immigrated from Bohemia and opened a general store in Kellnersville , a produce business in Sheboygan , a seed company in Milwaukee and finally , the L. Teweles Seed Co. The business grew quickly and became a powerhouse in seed production in the midwest .
Sørfly A / S was a general aviation airline based in Kristiansand , Norway .
The Tennessee Equality Project was founded on June 15 , 2004 , in Nashville , Tennessee .
Lit Motors Inc. is a San Francisco - based company that designs two - wheeled vehicles , including a fully electric , gyroscopically stabilized vehicle .
Austrian Lloyd Ship Management is a shipping company based in Limassol , Cyprus with shipping emphasis on bulk carriers , car carriers , container ships and reefers .
The Dayun Group is a Chinese conglomerate based in Yuncheng , Shanxi , China .
Naftna Industrija Srbije ( abbr . NIS ; English : Petroleum Industry of Serbia ) is a Serbian multinational oil and gas company with headquarters in Novi Sad , Serbia .
The Majestic Star Casino , LLC is a gaming holding company founded in Gary , Indiana by Don H. Barden and currently based in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Dynamo Games Ltd is an independent video game developer and publisher based in Dundee , Scotland .
The Jacob Wirth Restaurant is a historic German - American restaurant and bar in Boston , Massachusetts at 31 - 39 Stuart Street .
Semitool was a semiconductor manufacturing / capital equipment company based in Kalispell , MT .
Novotny Mähner Assoziierte ( N+M , Novotny Mähner & Associates ) is an architect company based in Offenbach am Main .
Competitor Group , Inc. ( CGI ) is a privately held , for - profit , sports marketing and management company based in Mira Mesa , San Diego , California .
Virgin Holidays Limited is a company within Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group , headquartered in `` The Galleria '' in Crawley , West Sussex .
Citizens Bank of Northern California , locally known as Citizens Bank , was a community bank headquartered in Nevada City , California .
The City of Derry Building Society was a UK building society based in Derry , County Londonderry , Northern Ireland known until 2001 as the Londonderry Provident Building Society .
The Open University of Catalonia ( Catalan : Universitat Oberta de Catalunya , UOC ; IPA : ( uniβərsiˈtat uˈβɛrtə ðə kətəˈɫuɲə ) ) is an Internet - centered open university based in Barcelona , Spain .
Universal Abit ( formerly ABIT Computer Corporation ) was a computer components manufacturer , based in Taiwan , active since the 1980s .
OJSC Byelorussian Steel Works ( Russian : ОАО Белорусский металлургический завод , `` БМЗ '' ) is a Belarusian company operating in the steel industry , centred in Zhlobin .
OCP ( formerly known as Oregon Catholic Press ) is an American liturgical publisher based in Portland , Oregon .
Headquartered in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada , Neil Squire Society now has offices in Moncton , Fredericton , Ottawa , and Regina .
Limmer Holdings was a major contracting business based in London .
Seagull Books is a publishing venture begun in Kolkata in 1982 by Naveen Kishore , a theater practitioner .
VEGAS.com , LLC is a destination - specific Online Travel Agency ( OTA ) founded in 1998 and headquartered in Henderson , Nevada .
Alterra Power Corp. is a diversified renewable power generation company based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Iroquois Motor Car Company ( 1903 - -1907 ) was a manufacturer of automobiles in Syracuse , New York , and later , Seneca Falls , New York .
Kukkiwon is based at 635 Yeoksam - dong ( 역삼동 ) in the Gangnam - gu ( 강남구 ) district of Seoul , South Korea .
Based in Budapest , Hungary , Webicina curates the medical resources of social media either for medical professionals and e - patients .
Domstein is a Norwegian fishing company based in Måløy .
Chettinad Group is an Indian business conglomerate headquartered in Chennai .
Funbag Animation Studios ( also known as Funbag Studios or Funbag ) was a Canadian animation studio located in Ottawa , Ontario .
The Fred Krug Brewery was located at 2435 Deer Park Boulevard in Omaha , Nebraska .
Realtek Semiconductor Corp. ( Chinese : 瑞昱半導體股份有限公司 ; pinyin : Ruìyù Bàndǎotǐ Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī ) , is a fabless semiconductor company situated in the Hsinchu Science Park , Hsinchu , Taiwan .
Royal Studios is a recording studio located in Memphis , Tennessee , United States .
ErgoGroup was a Nordic information technology corporation , systems integrator and consulting company headquartered in Oslo , Norway .
Hivos ' headquarters is in The Hague .
In 2003 , George Logothetis founded the Libra Group , based in New York and London , in order to diversify and expand the shipping company into new business areas .
Sonic Focus Inc is a software development company located in South Lake Tahoe , California .
Moo & Oink was a South Side Chicago , Illinois - based grocery store chain and wholesaler that catered to the inner - city community and south suburbs .
NRG Media is a media company headquartered in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Atlanta - based Traklogg was founded in 2008 by Bryan Green to develop a system that could easily track and report on the vehicle mileage of anyone who uses his or her vehicle to make a living .
Hill Holliday is a full - service marketing and communications agency based in Boston , Massachusetts with offices in New York City and Greenville , South Carolina .
Headquartered in San Mateo , CA SnapLogic was founded in 2006 .
Slalom Consulting is an American business and technology consulting firm headquartered in Seattle .
Equinox Realty is a prominent real estate developer based out of Mumbai in India .
InterContinental Hotels Group PLC informally InterContinental Hotels or IHG is a British multinational hotels company headquartered in Denham , UK .
3i Infrastructure plc is an investment business headquartered in Jersey .
MMMC Architects is an architectural firm based in Brantford , Ontario , Canada and Kitchener , Ontario , Canada .
Ademco Security Group is a Singapore - based security services company that sells monitoring services , manpower security services , unified security management , and enterprise security software .
The Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China , Ltd. ( Comac ) is a Chinese state - owned aerospace manufacturer established on 11 May 2008 in Shanghai , China .
Diabetology Ltd is a biopharmaceutical company registered in Saint Helier , Jersey .
Waagner - Biro is a Vienna , Austria - based corporation which owns companies in steel and mechanical engineering .
Moody National Bank ( MNB ) is a nationally chartered bank , founded in 1907 , that is based in Galveston , Texas .
Bahrain Freedom Movement ( Arabic : حركة أحرار البحرين الإسلامية ) is a London - based Bahraini opposition group which has its headquarters in a north London mosque .
Sherwood Pictures is an American independent Christian film production company in Albany , Georgia , United States .
Technoflex International ( commonly named Technoflex ) is a Canadian company headquartered in Bois - des - Filion , Canada that designs , develops and distributes products made from 100 % recycled post - consumer materials .
Founded by Peter Schultheiss in 1989 , Geotek was incorporated in 1994 when Quentin Huggett joined as a company director and the business moved from Haslemere , Surrey to its current location in Daventry , Northamptonshire where John Roberts joined as Technical Director .
Gremlin Interactive ( originally Gremlin Graphics ) was a British software house based in Sheffield and working mostly in the home computer market .
Petropavlovsk plc ( LSE : POG ) ( formerly Peter Hambro Mining plc ) is a London - based gold mining company with operations in Russia .
Shannonside Northern Sound , also known as `` Shannonside FM '' is a dual radio franchise which operates across counties Cavan , Monaghan ( Northern Sound Radio ) , Leitrim , Longford and Roscommon ( Shannonside FM ) in Ireland .
DoorDash launched in the South Bay of San Francisco in 2013 and has expanded to Los Angeles , Boston , Chicago , and most of the San Francisco Bay Area in addition to several other markets .
Rocket Internet SE is a German internet company headquartered in Berlin .
Bubble Gum Interactive is an independent game and entertainment development studio headquartered in Sydney , Australia .
Decipher , Inc. is an American gaming company based in Norfolk , Virginia , US .
Keyence Corporation of America , based in Elmwood Park , New Jersey , is the United States subsidiary of Keyence Corporation , headquartered in Osaka , Japan .
DP Architects Pte Ltd is one of the largest architectural practices in Singapore .
SkyBox Labs is an independent video game developer located in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada .
On 31 May 1999 the name was changed to Vlaamse Media Maatschappij ( VMMa ) ( English : Flemish Media Company ) , and in February 2014 the name was again changed to Medialaan ( meaning ' media lane ' ) , reflecting the street in Vilvoorde on which it is located .
Polar Beverages is a soft drink company based in Worcester , Massachusetts .
TeRespondo is an advertising network company based in Brazil ; it was acquired by Yahoo ! in 2005 .
The SFS Group AG is a company specialised in mechanical fastening systems and precision formed components , headquartered in Heerbrugg , Switzerland .
Culture24 is based in Brighton , southern England , and has ten employees .
Numi Organic Tea is a privately owned triple bottom line social enterprise based in Oakland , California .
Konecranes Plc ( KCI Konecranes prior to 16 March 2007 ) is a Finnish company , headquartered in Hyvinkää , which specialises in the manufacture and service of cranes and lifting equipment as well as the service of machine tools .
Basin Bridge Gas Turbine Power Station is a state - owned gas fuel - based power plant located in Basin Bridge , Chennai .
Tomkins plc is a multinational engineering company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Carpark Records is an American independent record label based in Washington , D.C. ( previously based in New York City ) .
The UNIAN or Ukrainian Independent Information Agency ( Ukrainian : Українське Незалежне Інформаційне Агентство , УНІАН ; Ukrayins'ke Nezalezhne Informatsiyne Ahentstvo ) is a Kiev - based Ukrainian news agency .
Isha Life is a fitness brand which currently operates one wellness centre , Isha Life Wellness Centre , at Mylapore , Chennai .
The Global Electronic Trading Company ( GETCO ) , or Getco LLC , was an American proprietary algorithmic trading and electronic market making firm based in Chicago , Illinois .
GameCrazy was a video game retailer based in Wilsonville , Oregon .
Sogebank currently has 42 branches located throughout the country in the major cities as well as several solely in Port - au - Prince .
The Global Press Institute , formerly the Press Institute for Women in the Developing World , is a San Francisco - based , 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit with international operations in 26 countries .
French Paper Company is an American paper mill based in Niles , Michigan .
Decarcerate PA is a grassroots , all - volunteer coalition seeking to challenge mass incarceration in Pennsylvania .
The American Institute of Steel Construction ( AISC ) , headquartered in Chicago , is a not - for - profit technical institute and trade association established in 1921 to serve the structural steel design community and construction industry in the United States .
VIA3 Corporation was founded in 1999 and has offices located in San Jose , CA , Scottsdale , AZ and Redmond , WA .
STANLIB is an asset manager based in Johannesburg with a footprint in 7 African countries .
Speakeasy Ales and Lagers is a brewery in the Hunter 's Point neighborhood of San Francisco , California , USA .
Tom Tailor is a German vertically integrated lifestyle clothing company headquartered in Hamburg .
KCC Corporation ( renamed from Kumkang Korea Chemicals Co. , Ltd. on February 25 , 2005 ) is a Korean chemical and auto parts manufacturer , headquartered in Seoul , South Korea .
Retro Studios , Inc. is an American first - party video game developer and division of Nintendo based in Austin , Texas .
Sofitel is a French hotel chain under AccorHotels , which opened its first property in Strasbourg in 1964 .
Idyll Farms is a pasture - based goat farm and creamery in Northport , Michigan that produces award - winning artisanal farmstead chèvre .
Universal Robotics , Inc. is a software engineering and robotics company headquartered in Nashville , Tennessee .
The history of the Schleuniger Group as it is known today started in 1991 when Dr. Gerhard Jansen ( Chairman BOD until 2009 ) and Martin Strehl ( CEO until 2009 ) acquired Sutter Electronic AG located in Thun , Switzerland .
The company is Headquartered in Melbourne with offices in Sydney , Brisbane , Adelaide and Perth , Vicinity Centres ( VCX ) employs over 500 people in Australia .
Norse Merchant Ferries operated the following routes across the Irish Sea Liverpool ( Canada Dock ) - Dublin Liverpool ( Brocklebank Dock ) - Belfast Heysham - Dublin ( Freight only ) Heysham - Belfast ( Freight only ) Note :
Sampson R. Urbino ( 1818 - 1896 ) or S.R. Urbino was a German - born bookseller , publisher and library proprietor in 19th - century Boston , Massachusetts , specializing in foreign - language books .
Priam Corporation was a company located in San Jose , California , founded in 1978 as a manufacturer of hard disk drives .
YPlan is a mobile - first event discovery and booking service , which was co - founded by Viktoras Jucikas and Rytis Vitkauskas in London , United Kingdom in 2012 .
Locke - Ober ( ca.1875 - 2012 ) , located at 3 - 4 Winter Place , was the third - oldest restaurant in Boston , Massachusetts , after the Union Oyster House ( 1826 ) and Durgin - Park ( 1827 ) .
Aerosport Inc was a company founded by Harold Woods in Holly Springs , North Carolina in 1971 to market aircraft and plans for homebuilding .
MK12 was established in Kansas City , Missouri , in 1999 by art school students Jed Carter , Timmy Fisher , Matt Fraction , and Ben Radatz , and later joined by Shaun Hamontree and computer guru Chad Perry .
G. R. Thanga Maligai , popularly known as GRTJewellers , is a jewellery firm based in the city of Chennai , India .
The United States Navy Band , based at the historic Washington Navy Yard in Washington , D.C. , has served the nation as the official musical organization of the United States Navy since 1925 .
The Royal Institute of Public Administration ( RIPA ) was a British professional public service institution and civil service training organisation that operated in the United Kingdom and overseas from its founding in 1922 to its closure in 1992 .
J&L Supply Co. is headquartered in Calgary , Alberta , and employs more than 41 people .
The Emerson Electric Company ( NYSE : EMR ) is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Ferguson , Missouri , United States .
Milkyway Image ( Hong Kong ) Ltd. ( Chinese : 銀河映像(香港 ) 有限公司 ) is a production company based in Hong Kong .
Chef Distilled is an American rum distillery founded in 2013 by Paul Menta in Key West , Florida in the former Coca - Cola bottling plant on 105 Simonton St. The rum is distilled on site in two custom - made copper pot stills made by Vendome Copper and Brass Works in Louisville , Kentucky .
Sprite Animation Studios is a Los Angeles , CA - based CGI animation studio founded in 2002 by former members of Square USA led by Moto Sakakibara , co - director of Square Pictures and Columbia Pictures '' feature film Final Fantasy :
DVB Bank SE is part of the DZ BANK Group and a specialist in international transportation finance , based in Frankfurt / Main , Germany .
Yutong ( officially Zhengzhou Yutong Group Co. , Ltd. ) is a conglomerate based in Zhengzhou , Henan province , China focused on bus manufacturing as the core business , construction machinery and real estate as the strategic business and at the same time giving attention to other investment portfolios .
Loehle Aircraft Corporation ( pronounced `` Low - lee '' ) is an aircraft manufacturer located in Wartrace , Tennessee , that produces aircraft kits and a complete line of paints for all types of aircraft , including metal , composite and fabric covered .
Belair National Bank was formed on April 3 , 1964 as a national bank in Bowie , Maryland , United States .
Athlon Sports Communications , Inc. , also known as Athlon Sports or simply Athlon , is a publisher founded in 1967 that is based in Nashville , Tennessee .
T. Rowe Price is an American publicly owned investment firm , headquartered in Baltimore , Maryland .
Dish México , S. de R. L. de C.V. ( In Mexico : Alcanzca ) is a Mexican - owned company that operates a subscription satellite television service in México nationwide .
Standard Federal Bank was a Troy , Michigan - based bank serving Michigan and Northern Indiana in the United States which was acquired by Bank of America on 5 May 2008 .
Animation Lab is an animation studio based in Jerusalem , Israel and Los Angeles , USA .
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. is an American natural gas and crude oil pipeline company with headquarters in Houston , Texas .
Metals - banka ( full legal name : Metals - banka a.d . Novi Sad ) was a Serbian commercial and investment bank .
Tip Top Tailors was a Canadian menswear clothing retailer founded in Toronto in 1909 by Polish - Jewish immigrant David Dunkelman ( 1883 - -1978 ) .
Vortex Optics is based in Middleton , Wisconsin and currently produces binoculars , spotting scopes , riflescopes , and related accessories .
The Meredith Corporation is an American media conglomerate based in Des Moines , Iowa , USA .
Grant Medical Center was established in 1900 in downtown Columbus , Ohio as the second member hospital of OhioHealth , a not - for - profit , faith - based healthcare system .
The Max Planck Institute for Meteorology ( Max - Planck - Institut für Meteorologie , MPI - M ) is a climate research institute located in Hamburg , Germany .
Walgreens Boots Alliance , Inc. is an American holding company headquartered in Deerfield , Illinois that owns Walgreens , Boots and a number of pharmaceutical manufacturing , wholesale and distribution companies .
Now Communications Inc ( styled NOW Communications ) is the parent company of Now Magazine , a news and entertainment weekly alternative newspaper in Toronto , Canada .
Hindustan Organic Chemicals Limited ( HOCL ) is Government of India owned company based in Mumbai , Maharashtra .
Today there are over 50 franchised Submarina locations with the headquarters in San Marcos , California .
Warner Bros. Records opened for business on 19 March 1958 ; its original office was located above the film studio 's machine shop at 3701 Warner Boulevard in Burbank , California .
Wanda Cinemas ( simplified Chinese : 万达院线 ; traditional Chinese : 萬達院線 ; pinyin : Wàndá Yuànxiàn ) is a cinema operator in China , headquartered in the Wanda Plaza ( 万达广场 ) in Chaoyang District , Beijing .
Formula Systems ( Hebrew : פורמולה מערכות‎ ) is a publicly traded holding company headquartered in Or Yehuda , Israel .
Land of Leather was a furniture retail store based in Northfleet , Kent in the United Kingdom .
Distelli is a privately held infrastructure automation company based in Seattle , Washington .
Baader Bank AG is an investment bank located in Unterschleißheim , Germany .
Joie de Vivre Hospitality is a hotel and restaurant company based in San Francisco , California that is the second largest operator of boutique hotels in the United States .
Santa Bárbara Sistemas is a Spanish defense contractor based in Madrid , integrated under the European Land Systems of General Dynamics .
Danziger Werft ( English : The International Shipbuilding and Engineering Company Limited , Polish : Stocznia Gdańska ) was a shipbuilding company , in Danzig ( now Gdańsk , Poland ) , in what was then the Free City of Danzig .
Trepak International AB , based in Malmö , Sweden , develops , builds , instals and supplies capping and filling machines for liquid products and labelling machines for all types of packages .
James Hay Partnership is a provider of financial services products in the UK with headquarters in Salisbury .
Sunnybrook Research Institute ( SRI ) is the research component of Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre in Toronto , Ontario .
Roy Morgan Research is an Australian market research company headquartered in Melbourne .
The Center for China and Globalization ( CCG ) is an independent , non - profit think tank based in Beijing .
CORE Health Care Services is a privately owned post - acute brain injury rehabilitation facility located in Dripping Springs , Texas .
UXUA Casa Hotel & Spa is a boutique hotel and Almescar spa located in Trancoso , Bahia , Brazil that was designed and built by Wilbert Das , Creative Director of Italian label Diesel S.p . A. from 1993 - 2009 .
The Gift of Happiness Foundation ( GOHF ) is a charity under the Royal patronage of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand that 's dedicated to helping poor children in Bangkok and throughout Thailand .
Ability Plus Software was formed in London , England , shortly after Migent ( UK ) ceased to trade in 1991 .
The British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) is the public service broadcaster of the United Kingdom , headquartered at Broadcasting House in London .
The Sedus Stoll head office is located in Waldshut - Tiengen , at the edge of the Black Forest .
Outsource Media Ltd , operating as OMUK , is a London based production company providing voice casting and recording for video games .
Aditi Technologies is an IT company , headquartered in Bellevue , Washington , United States with the largest center in Bangalore , India .
Saatva is a privately held e - commerce company that specializes in luxury mattresses and is based in Westport , Connecticut and Austin , Texas .
Delicious Monster is a software company based in Seattle , Washington , that sells the shareware software program Delicious Library .
Shaheen Airport Services ( SAPS ) is the largest ground handling agency in the Foundation of Pakistan , providing facilities to commercial , corporate and private airlines at Karachi , Lahore , Islamabad , Peshawar , Quetta , and Multan .
Robeks is a smoothie franchise chain headquartered in Los Angeles , California , USA .
3ality Technica , formerly 3ality Digital , is a Burbank , California based company specializing in high - definition , live - action stereoscopic digital 3D.
ExpressJet Airlines , Inc. is an American airline based in College Park , Georgia , USA in Greater Atlanta .
Huntington Bancshares , Inc. is an American bank holding company headquartered in Columbus , Ohio .
NYAV Post is an American recording studio located in New York City .
M5 Industries ( M5i ) is a special effects company located in San Francisco , California best known as the working lab of the TV series MythBusters .
See Tickets is the trading name of a British ticketing services company owned by Vivendi SA . See Tickets Head Office is on Upper Parliament Street in Nottingham .
The Thomson - Houston Electric Company was formed in 1883 in the United States when a group of Lynn , Massachusetts investors led by Charles A. Coffin bought out Elihu Thomson and Edwin Houston 's American Electric Company from their New Britain , Connecticut investors .
In the 1950s , the second block of PKN Orlen was formed , Petrochemia Płock , a state firm in charge of the refineries in Płock and grew to become the largest complex of its kind in Poland .
JMB Realty Corporation is an American real estate investment company based in Chicago that at one time was one of the largest property developers in the United States .
Namecheap is an ICANN - accredited domain registrar and web hosting company , based in Los Angeles , California .
Élan Corporation plc was a major drugs firm based in Dublin , Ireland , which had major interests in the United States .
Impact Direct Ministries ( IDM ) , established in 2001 , is a non - profit community - based organisation operating in South Africa with the main operational base in Cape Town , Western Cape .
Bloom.fm was a London - based mobile - focused music service which combined free streaming genre and artist based radios , music discovery tools , a local library player and a catalogue of over 22 million tracks .
The Tera Computer Company was a manufacturer of high - performance computing software and hardware , founded in 1987 in Washington , D.C. and moved 1988 to Seattle , Washington by James Rottsolk and Burton Smith .
The Flughafen München GmbH ( FMG ) based out of Munich is the operator of Munich Airport .
Ralston Purina Company was a St. Louis , Missouri - based American animal feed and pet food company .
SciGenom Labs is a genomics company with facilities in India ( Cochin , Chennai , Hyderabad ) and USA ( San Francisco ) .
Abrazo Arrowhead Campus is an acute care hospital located in Glendale , Arizona , United States .
Liaoning Television , LRTV or Liaoning Radio and Television is located in Shenyang , Liaoning province , China .
Backflip Studios is a mobile game developer and publisher based in Boulder , Colorado , United States .
AppNeta is headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts , with the Research and Development team based in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Hapimag was founded in 1963 by Dr. Guido M. Renggli and Alexander Nette as a joint - stock company with headquarters in Baar , Canton of Zug , Switzerland .
Titleist ( pronounced /ˈtaɪtəlᵻst/ `` title - ist '' ) is an American brand name golf equipment and apparel products produced by the Acushnet subsidiary , which is headquartered in Fairhaven , Massachusetts , United States .
Squirrel Systems is a Burnaby - based point of sale vendor specializing in hospitality management systems .
Neste Corporation ( Finnish : Neste Oyj , until 1 July 2015 Neste Oil ) is an oil refining and marketing company located in Espoo , Finland .
All BMW Motorrad 's motorcycle production takes place at its plant in Berlin , Germany , although some engines are manufactured in Austria , China , and Taiwan .
Founded in 1947 by O. P. and W.T. Crowder , Crowder Construction Company is headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina .
R.J. Corman Railroad Group , LLC is a privately held railroad holding company with its corporate headquarters located in Nicholasville , KY .
Lloyd Cars Ltd was a British motor manufacturer , founded by Roland Lloyd ( 1904 - -65 ) , son of a garage owner , and based in Patrick Street , Grimsby , Lincolnshire , England between 1936 and 1951 .
PlateSpin is a subsidiary of Novell headquartered in Toronto , Canada , which produces tools to help manage virtualization on VMware , Microsoft Hyper - V or Citrix XenServer .
Jeppesen is headquartered in Inverness , Colorado , a census designated place in Arapahoe County .
Reser 's Fine Foods , Inc. , a United States corporation based in Beaverton , Oregon , manufactures and distributes fresh and frozen prepared foods .
Smaato 's global headquarters are in San Francisco , California .
Community Action House is a nonprofit social services organization based in Holland , Michigan .
Valdostan Renewal ( French : Renouveau Valdôtain , RV ) was a social - liberal Italian political party active in the Aosta Valley .
Purple Music Switzerland is a Swiss record label , based in Zürich and owned by DJ , producer and a former record shop owner Cem Berter aka Jamie Lewis .
The CN Group Limited is an independent local media business based in Carlisle , Cumbria , England , which operates in three different media fields .
Lee & Shepard ( 1862 - 1905 ) was a publishing and bookselling firm in Boston , Massachusetts in the 19th century , established by William Lee ( b. 1826 ) and Charles Augustus Billings Shepard ( 1829 - 1889 ) Authors published by the firm included :
The Science and Rationalists ' Association of India ( Bengali : ভারতীয় বিজ্ঞান ও যুক্তিবাদী সমিতি , Bharatiya Bigyan O Yuktibadi Samiti ) is a rationalist group based in Kolkata , India .
Peace Coffee is an organization based in Minneapolis , Minnesota that sells organic , fair trade coffee .
Cantus Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH ( which translates roughly as Cantus Transport Company Ltd ) , based in Kassel is a joint subsidiary of Hessische Landesbahn ( HLB ) and Hamburger Hochbahn ( HHA ) .
After the relocation of manufacturing to Brazil , the resulting structure left the renamed Springs Global US to work alongside Coteminas as the operating units of parent Springs Global ; most manufacturing decisions and control originate from the Montes Claros headquarters , while executive control is in the U.S.
Odyssey Re Holdings Corp. headquartered in Stamford , Connecticut , is an underwriter of property and casualty treaty and facultative reinsurance , as well as specialty insurance .
430 West Records is an independent record label based in Detroit , MI USA formed in 1990 by Lawrence Burden , Lenny Burden , and Lynell Burden just months after recording their debut record for Derrick Mays ' Transmat label .
Curtiss - Caproni built a 200,000-square - foot ( 19,000 m2 ) construction factory in Dundalk , Maryland with a 20-year lease from the city of Baltimore and the hiring of George C. Westervelt as manager .
The Working Parts is an independent video game company located in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Florigene is a biotechnology company based in Melbourne , Australia , which is principally involved in the application of in - house genetic modification techniques to develop novel colour expressions in a range of commercial plants .
As of 2015 , WSO2 has offices in USA ( Mountain View , CA ; Bloomington , IN ) , UK ( London ) and Sri Lanka ( Colombo ) , with the bulk of its research and operations being conducted from its main office in Palm Grove , Colombo .
From its inception as an eight - channel audio service from Motorola 's cable group , Music Choice has evolved into a multi - platform interactive music network based in New York City that reaches millions of consumers across the country .
Xiha Life is operated out of Sunnyvale , California , Switzerland , and Finland .
The General Aeroplane Company was Detroit 's first commercial airplane builder .
The first eight FreshCo stores were launched on May 12 , 2010 in Brampton and Mississauga , Ontario .
Ērenpreiss Bicycles is a manufacturer of city bicycles based in Riga , Latvia .
Nimbus Publishing is a Canadian publishing company , founded in 1978 , based in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
McEvoy Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer based in Derby .
Jolidon is a Romanian lingerie and swim suit manufacturer , founded in 1993 in Cluj - Napoca .
HAX Accelerator ( formerly HAXLR8R ) is a seed accelerator focused on hardware startups based in Shenzhen , Guangdong , China .
BuckleySandler LLP is a financial services , criminal and civil enforcement defense law firm with 160 lawyers in Washington , D.C. , New York , NY , Los Angeles , Chicago and London .
GlobeNewswire , is an American press release distribution company , headquartered in Los Angeles , California .
The Verlag Freies Geistesleben & Urachhaus GmbH is a publishing company based in Stuttgart , publishing under the imprints of Verlag Freies Geistesleben and Verlag Urachhaus .
The Kansas Bar Association ( KBA ) is a voluntary , non - profit bar association for the state of Kansas with the headquarters located at 12th and Harrison St. in Topeka .
Kasto Maschinenbau , based in Achern - Gamshurst , Germany , specialises in sawing and storage technology of bar stock .
Strasser Marigaux began its activity in Paris with manufacture of saxophones and flutes .
Yara Belle Plaine Inc is a nitrate - based fertilizer manufacture based in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada , and part of the Yara International group of companies .
Aeneas Communications , LLC , operating as Aeneas Internet and Telephone , is a telecommunications provider headquartered in Jackson , Tennessee .
An open source routing daemon BIRD was developed at the Faculty of Mathematics and Physics , Charles University , Prague , as a school project of three students ( including Ondřej Filip , the current CEO of CZ.NIC ) .
Headquartered on historic Cotton Row in downtown Greenwood , Mississippi , Viking Range employs more than 1,000 people at four manufacturing facilities in Leflore County .
Urtext Film Productions is a film company located in Adelaide , South Australia .
Jura Elektroapparate AG is a Swiss developer and distributor of home appliances , headquartered in Niederbuchsiten , Canton of Solothurn .
The Cyprus Stock Exchange or CSE ( Greek : Χρηματιστήριο Αξιών Κύπρου or ΧΑΚ , Turkish : Kıbrıs Menkul Kıymetler Borsası or KMKB ) is a stock exchange located in Nicosia , Cyprus .
King 's Variety Store is a chain of discount stores founded in 1915 by M.H. King in Burley , Idaho .
The Brazilian Institute of Family Law or IBDFAM ( from Instituto Brasileiro de Direito de Família , in Portuguese ) is a non - profit civil association founded on October 25 , 1997 , in the city of Belo Horizonte , state of Minas Gerais , Brazil , during the First Congress of Brazilian Family Law .
Miramax ( formerly Miramax Films ) is an American entertainment company known for distributing independent and foreign films headquartered in Santa Monica , California .
Outspoken Media Group is a New York City based full - service entertainment and multicultural marketing company , founded and run by an African - American entrepreneur , Terry L. Cyrus .
Mystery Studio is a casual game development studio based in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Maxwell Technologies is an American developer and manufacturer headquartered in San Diego , California .
Charles Melton Wines is an Australian winery based in Tanunda , within the Barossa Valley wine region of South Australia .
Headquarters of DuPont Pioneer are located in Johnston , Iowa , with additional offices around the world .
Based in Boise , Idaho , Chelton Flight Systems originally started out as Sierra Flight Systems .
China Guangfa Bank ( simplified Chinese : 广发银行 ; traditional Chinese : 廣發銀行 ; pinyin : Guǎng Fā Yínháng , abbr : CGB ) is a commercial banking corporation headquartered in Guangzhou , People 's Republic of China .
Bial ( Portela e C.ª , S.A. ) is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Sao Mamede do Coronado , in Trofa , Porto district , Portugal .
Dreamstime is a microstock photography agency based in Brentwood , Tennessee , with offices located in Bucharest , Romania .
The Modern Art Foundry is a historic foundry in Astoria , Queens , New York City , founded in 1932 by John Spring .
Sam 's Wines and Spirits was a Chicago - based liquor superstore chain .
The Al Watany Bank of Egypt was founded in May 1980 by several Egyptian businessmen as a joint Stock Company under the provisions of Law 43/1974 with two branches in Cairo .
960 Music Group ( also known as 960 Music ) , headquartered in Lagos , is a Nigerian record company , content owner , and artist management firm focused on providing diverse audio and visual entertainment across Nigeria .
The Boise Metro Chamber of Commerce awarded AERO Specialties its Small Business of the Year award in June 2002 .
Started in 1834 as a two - partner firm in Birmingham , Wragge & Co LLP was a UK - headquartered international law firm providing a full range of legal services to UK and international clients .
Based in Melbourne , AED Oil has assets in Australia and South East Asian territories with offices in Brunei Darussalam and Jakarta .
Cinelli ( Italian pronunciation : ( tʃiˈnɛlli ) ) is an Italian bicycle manufacturing company based in Milan , Italy , producing mostly road bicycles and components ; production is estimated at 80 percent components , 20 percent bicycles .
Bajaj Electricals Ltd ( BEL ) ( BSE : 500031 ) is an Indian consumer electrical equipments manufacturing company based in Mumbai , Maharashtra .
Petplan Equine is a horse and rider insurance provider based in London .
Snooth is a social networking website based in New York City , USA .
Andrade Gutierrez is a Brazilian private multinational conglomerate headquartered in Belo Horizonte .
The Bank of Taiwan ( BOT , Chinese : 臺灣銀行 ; pinyin : Táiwān Yínháng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tâi - oân gîn - hâng , see below ) is a bank headquartered in Taipei , Taiwan .
With the head office located in Coventry , Optilan now also operates at offices in Russia , Azerbaijan , United Arab Emirates , India and the USA .
Hellbent Games is a video game developer based in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada .
Fujikon Industrial Holdings Ltd. ( SEHK : 0927 ) is a Hong Kong - based company founded in 1982 .
Totem Acoustic is a Montreal , Canada - based manufacturer of loudspeaker systems .
Mediafax ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˌmedi.aˈfaks ) ) is a Romanian media company headquartered in Bucharest and founded in 1991 .
The Finnish Ski Association ( Finnish : Suomen Hiihtoliitto , Swedish : Finlands skidförbund ) is a skiing governing body in Finland , based in Helsinki & Lahti .
Merz Apothecary , located in the Lincoln Square neighborhood in Chicago , is a historic healthcare store that has been family owned and operated since it was opened by pharmacist Peter Merz in 1875 , and is known for its selection of natural medicine .
Independent Truck Company is a skateboard truck manufacturer based in Santa Cruz , California , United States ( US ) .
Epitome Pictures Inc. is a television production company based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada and founded by Linda Schuyler .
Crescent Rising is a program of the Reggie White Foundation , begun in May 2007 , that offers free demolition services to homeowners in the metropolitan New Orleans area affected by Hurricane Katrina .
Kushner Studios , is a New York City based architecture firm , founded by Adam Kushner , noted primarily for its residential and restaurant designs .
Boyer Brothers , Inc. , is a candy company located in Altoona , Pennsylvania .
Commission Factory is an affiliate marketing network based in Maroochydore , QLD Australia .
Vital Farms is an Austin , Texas based company that specializes in the promotion of Pasture - raised poultry and the sales and distribution of pasture - raised eggs .
Airco was established in 1912 by George Holt Thomas at The Hyde in Hendon , north London , England .
Westnet is a Perth - based Australian telecommunications company providing broadband ADSL , broadband ADSL2 + , satellite broadband , dialup Internet , telephony and web - hosting services to homes and businesses across Australia .
Lincraft was founded in 1938 by Leo Ross as a stall shop in Melbourne .
The Bolshoi Ballet is an internationally renowned classical ballet company , based at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow , Russia .
VIP Industries Ltd is world 's second largest and Asia 's largest luggage maker based in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Findel plc is a British home shopping company , based in Hyde , Greater Manchester .
Caffè Nero ( Italian for black coffee ) or Caffè Nero Group Ltd is a European style coffee house brand with its headquarters in London .
Vyrus is a small , exclusivist Italian motorcycle manufacturer based in Coriano , Italy .
Duncan & Miller Glass Company was a well - known glass manufacturing company in Washington , Pennsylvania .
Miltenyi Biotec is a global biotechnology company headquartered near Cologne in Bergisch Gladbach , Germany .
Victor Hasselblad AB is a Swedish manufacturer of medium - format cameras and photographic equipment based in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Fraser and Neave , Limited ( F&N ) is a food and beverage , publishing and former brewing and property industries conglomerate in Singapore .
Sojern is currently headquartered in San Francisco , CA with key offices in New York , Omaha and London .
Allegheny Energy was an electric utility headquartered in Greensburg , Pennsylvania .
Medtronic was founded in 1949 in northeast Minneapolis by Earl Bakken and his brother - in - law Palmer Hermundslie as a medical equipment repair shop .
Polsky Films is a film production company based in Los Angeles , California created by brothers Alan Polsky and Gabe Polsky .
Koronis Pharmaceuticals is a Seattle area biotechnology company founded in 1998 .
Kandor Graphics is a Spanish 3D computer animation feature film and short film studio based in Granada ( Spain ) .
Thin Man Films is a British film production company , based in London .
Köln - Düsseldorfer ( KD ) is a river cruise operator based in Cologne , Germany .
Warp Films is an independent film and television production company based in Sheffield & London , UK , with a further affiliated company Warp Films Australia based in Melbourne , Australia .
Halle Brothers Co. of Cleveland , Ohio , commonly referred to as Halle 's , is a defunct department store chain .
Papa Murphy 's , a business based in Vancouver , Washington , United States , is a take - and - bake pizza company .
Enterprise Oil was formed in 1983 to exploit the North Sea oil production assets of the then state - owned British Gas plc : it was privatised and its shares first listed on the London Stock Exchange in February 1984 .
Azerbaijan State Agricultural University ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Dövlət Aqrar Universiteti , literally `` Azerbaijan State Agricultural University '' ) , also referred to as the Azerbaijan State Agricultural University ( Az . AA ) , is a public university located in Ganja , Azerbaijan .
Fuqi operates through its wholly owned subsidiary , Fuqi International Holdings Co. , Ltd. , a British Virgin Islands corporation and its wholly owned subsidiary , Shenzhen Fuqi Jewelry Co. , Ltd. , a company established under the laws of China .
AGIS ( Apex Global Internet Services ) is a former Internet backbone based in Dearborn , Michigan , USA .
Freiburger Verkehrs AG , also known as VAG Freiburg or just VAG , is the municipal transport company of the city of Freiburg i m Breisgau in Germany .
Cone Health is a private , not - for - profit , healthcare delivery system based in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Born Feinkost GmbH is a food company from Erfurt , Germany .
AMC Networks International Iberia ( formerly Chello Multicanal and Multicanal ) is a Madrid , Spain - based television company , owned by AMC Networks International .
CollabraSpace is a computer software and consulting services company located in Annapolis , MD .
Lighthouse Furniture Ltd is located in Hutton , Essex .
The Fundación Patrimonio Fílmico Colombiano is a film archive in Bogotá , Colombia .
Schaper Toys , or W.H. Schaper Mfg . Co. , Inc. as it was originally known , was a game and toy company founded in 1949 by William Herbert Schaper in Robbinsdale , Minnesota .
Yovee joined forces in 2003 as the result of a recording project , the soundtrack for Riding in Vans with Boys .
The Nikon F-501 ( sold in North America as the N2020 ) was the first successful autofocus SLR camera sold by the Nikon Corporation beginning in 1986 .
The Little Deaths was an American rock band formed in San Francisco , California in 1997 .
Bank of the West began as Farmers National Gold Bank of San Jose , California , in 1874 .
Battalion was created on November 15 , 2002 after Heads of General Staff of Hungarian , Romanian , Slovak and Ukrainian Armed Forces signed the Technical Arrangement on Implementation of Intergovernmental Agreement on Multinational Engineer Battalion Tisa in Budapest .
CEO Jon Morris founded Rise Interactive in 2004 to teach traditional marketers how to manage Internet marketing campaigns .
Truth About Seafood was a San Francisco Bay Area band formed in the 1992 by Paul Bostaph , Jeff Minnery , and Brad Daane .
The Agricultural and Marketing Research and Development Trust ( AGMARDT ) was established in October 1987 by the government of New Zealand .
The Radio Society of Great Britain ( RSGB ) , first founded in 1913 as the London Wireless Club , is the United Kingdom 's recognised national society for amateur radio operators .
In 2001 , Nicolas Orlowski acquired the Artcurial Gallery from L'Oréal .
The Société française radio - électrique ( SFR , Radiolectric French Company ) was one of the first radiotelegraphic companies , founded by Émile Girardeau in 1910 .
WLRX , which originally signed on the air in 1973 as WITO , would later go through format and call letter changes as WMLV ( 1985 - -97 ) and WFXN ( 1997 - -2002 ) before Clear Channel transformed them into a local version of the KISS - FM brand under the WBKS call letters .
In October 1993 , the members of the RZSI voted to dissolve the society and transfer its assets to a new non - profit limited company called `` Zoological Society of Ireland Limited '' .
Piri Reis University ( Turkish : Piri Reis Üniversitesi ) ( common usage : Piri Reis Maritime University ) is a private university founded by the Turkish Maritime Education Foundation ( Turkish : Türk Deniz Eğitim Vakfı , TÜDEV ) in 2008 in Istanbul , Turkey .
Manila Christian Computer Institute for the Deaf Foundation , Inc. was incorporated on September 9 , 1993 by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( Philippines ) ( SEC ) as a non - stock , non - profit foundation .
EUROSAI was set up in 1990 with 30 members ( the SAIs of 29 European States and the European Court of Auditors ) .
The Alliance for Audited Media ( AAM ) is a North American non - profit industry organization founded in 1914 by the Association of National Advertisers to help ensure media transparency and trust among advertisers and media companies .
WLIO - DT2 's origins began on January 24 , 2006 when The WB and UPN announced the two networks would end broadcasting and merge .
Shine Global Inc. is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit media company that was founded in 2005 by Susan MacLaury , a licensed social worker and former health professor at Kean University , and her husband , Albie Hecht , an entertainment executive and founder of Worldwide Biggies and current head of HLN ( TV channel ) .
Swissôtel was founded in 1980 as a joint venture between the Swissair and Nestlé groups with its headquarters in the Swiss city of Zurich .
Sun Television and Appliances was a speciality retailer of consumer electronics , home appliances , and office equipment founded in 1949 by brothers Macy and Herbie Block .
Lowe Enterprises was founded in Los Angeles , California , in 1972 by Robert J. Lowe , Sr . , and three business partners as a real estate investment and development firm .
Brambles Limited , a company created in 1875 by Walter Edwin Bramble and well experienced in the materials handling industry , purchased CHEP on April 24 , 1958 .
Raw Elements is a hardcore record label , established in 2002 in an effort to get some vinyl onto the shelves and to represent the underground hardcore scene .
Grievous Angels are a Canadian alternative country band , active since 1986 .
Initially active from 1985 to 1992 , in 2013 it was announced that Toxik would reform again and start work on its third album .
Color Group AS is a Norwegian shipping and holding company , established in 1990 as a result of the merger between Jahre Line and Norway Line .
Tlot Tlot ( /tlɒt tlɒt/ or /təˈlɒt təˈlɒt/ ) were an Australian pop rock band formed in 1986 as Man in the Wood .
Vikernes began making music in 1988 , but it was not until 1991 that he recorded his first demos as Burzum .
On 19 March 1967 , the party assumed its current name Pertubuhan Kebangsaan Melayu Singapura after the Singapore government passed a new law banning local parties from operating as branches of foreign organisations .
The Barbier - Mueller Museum , founded in 1977 , is located at 10 rue Jean - Calvin , in Geneva , Switzerland .
Kinderhook Industries is a New York - based private equity firm founded in 2003 .
Founded in 2004 by Jeff Carlisi , founder and former guitarist of 38 Special ( band ) , and business partner Dan Lipson , Camp Jam Co. offers experiences for musicians of all ages and all skill levels .
This centre , the Singapore Mediation Centre , was launched on 16 August 1997 .
Lioness Records is a British record label , founded in 2009 by soul singer Amy Winehouse .
Hellenic Petroleum S.A. is one of the largest oil companies in the Balkans and with its roots dating to 1958 with the establishment of the first oil refinery in Greece ( Aspropyrgos ) .
The Belize Progressive Party ( BPP ) is a Belizean political party founded in 2015 by a merger of several extra - parliamentary opposition groups .
Cut Teeth began in 2012 , releasing their first EP titled Televandalism via Topshelf Records .
Kat Men is an American / British rockabilly band , formed in 2007 by former Stray Cats drummer Slim Jim Phantom , and Imelda May 's guitarist and husband Darrel Higham .
D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles , or `` DMB&B '' , was established in November 1985 by the merger of the Benton & Bowles ( B&B ) and D'Arcy - MacManus Masius ( D - MM ) advertising agencies .
The National Council to Prevent Discrimination ( Spanish : Consejo Nacional para Prevenir La Discriminación ; CONAPRED ) is a Mexican government agency created by the Federal Law to Prevent and Eliminate Discrimination in 2003 to promote policies and measures to contribute to the cultural and social development and progress in social inclusion and guarantee the right to equality .
The Bracław Voivodeship ( Polish : Województwo bracławskie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania from 1566 until 1569 ( see : Union of Lublin ) , and of the Kingdom of Poland from 1569 until 1793/1795 .
Eskimo Joe is an Australian alternative rock band that was formed in 1997 by Stuart MacLeod , on guitars , Joel Quartermain , on drums and guitar , and Kavyen Temperley , on bass guitar and vocals , in East Fremantle , Western Australia , Australia .
Built in 1830 by Brigus merchant John Leamon , Hawthorne Cottage came into the Bartlett family through Bartlett 's mother , Mary Leamon Bartlett , granddaughter of John Leamon .
The Lexington Broadcast Services Company ( first known as Lexington Broadcast Services and later known as LBS Communications ) was a television production and syndication company founded in 1976 by advertising pioneer Henry Siegel .
The competition , formed as the ONGC I - League in 2007 in an effort to professionalize the game in India after holding the old National Football League for eleven seasons , replaced the NFL as the primary competition in the country .
New Georgian Ballet ( Georgian : ახალი ქართული ბალეტი ; Russian : Нью Джорджиан Балет ) is non - repertory theatre of modern dance , founded by Georgian choreographer Tamaz Vashakidze in Tbilisi , Georgia , in 1993 .
Kredenn Geltiek ( Celtic Creed ) is a neo - Pagan Druidic group founded in Brittany in 1936 .
The Institute of Museum and Library Services ( IMLS ) is an independent agency of the United States federal government established in 1996 .
It was established only in 1970 with the amalgamation of the towns of Treysa and Ziegenhain together with some outlying villages to form the town of Schwalmstadt .
Milch still prevented Messerschmitt 's takeover of the BFW until 1938 , hence the designation `` Bf '' of early Messerschmitt designs .
The Abbotsford Heat were a professional ice hockey team that played five seasons in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) between 2009 and 2014 .
Frankie & Benny 's is a chain of Italian - American restaurants in the United Kingdom , with numerous outlets nationwide , run by The Restaurant Group plc . The first location opened in 1995 in Leicester , but now the chain has over 200 locations across the UK .
The Grim Natwick Film Festival is an annual film festival , inaugurated in 2010 .
The Aberdeen Wings are a Tier II junior ice hockey team based out of Aberdeen , South Dakota that began play for 2010 - -11 .
The Carrick , Cumnock and Doon Valley constituency was created at the same time as the Scottish Parliament , in 1999 , with the name and boundaries of an existing Westminster constituency .
The company was founded by Vladimir Marchenk in Cyprus in 2007 and was subsequently known as Petroltech Holdings until June 2011 when it became RusPetro Holdings .
WMOV - FM signed on in 1990 under the ownership of J.H. Communications as WXRI - FM ; taking the call letters of the former station on the 105.3 frequency that had been owned by televangelist Pat Robertson until its sale in May 1989 .
LS Cable & System was founded as Korea Cable Industry in May 1962 and became Goldstar Cable in 1969 .
The US - based Relief International was founded in 1990 by Farshad Rastegar , an Iranian American , and the European headquarters under the title Relief International UK began operations in 2005 .
The party was formed as the Progressive Riojan Party ( Spanish : Partido Riojano Progresista ) on 6 December 1982 with the stated aim of occupying the progressive centre in La Rioja .
The Lake Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration was founded in 1895 to support the cause of international arbitration , arbitration treaties , and an international court , and to generate public support on behalf of the cause .
Project Jason is a non - profit organization started in 2003 by Jim and Kelly Murphy of Omaha , Nebraska in dedication to finding their missing son Jason Anthony Jolkowski ( born June 24 , 1981 -- missing since June 13 , 2001 ) .
Chonghaejin Marine Company Ltd. was set up on 24 February 1999 , and became a key entity to consolidate Yoo Byung - eun 's bankrupt company Semo 's shipping business , taking over ships and assets held by Semo Marine , and had Semo 's debts written off .
It was demolished after only one decade of use and , following extensive construction , reopened as the Montreal Eaton Centre in 1991 .
AKOM Production , Ltd. ( Animation KOrea Movie ) is a South Korean animation studio in Songpa - gu , Seoul that has provided much work since its conception in 1985 by Nelson Shin .
Five Forty Aviation Ltd , trading as Fly540 , is a low - cost airline which commenced operations in 2006 and is based in Nairobi , Kenya , that operates domestic and international passenger and freight services .
Vipassana Meditation Centre ( Chinese : 净名佛学社 ) , is a Buddhist monastery in Singapore set up in 1993 in propagating and perpetuating the practice of vipassana meditation in Singapore .
The Lutheran University of Applied Sciences Nuremberg , ( in German : Evangelische Hochschule Nürnberg ( EVHN ) ) was founded in 1995 and is one of the smallest University of Applied Sciences in Bavaria with about 850 students and is under the auspices of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria .
The first Comic Expo was held in Bristol November 6 - -7 , 2004 , at the Ramada City Inn .
Maria Assumpta Convent School is a co - educational secondary school in Kashipur , Uttarakhand , India which was founded in 1987 .
The Tennessee Civil War National Heritage Area was designated in 1996 .
The Louisiana Purchase ( French : Vente de la Louisiane `` Sale of Louisiana '' ) was the acquisition of the Louisiana territory ( 828,000 square miles ) by the United States from France in 1803 .
Founded in February , 2008 , Lovin' Scoopful donates 25 % of its profits to the Special Olympics International .
The Jewish Museum and Tolerance Center opened in Moscow in November 2012 and is thought to be the largest Jewish museum in the world .
The Republic of South Peru was one of the three constituent Republics of the short - lived Peru - Bolivian Confederation of 1836 - -39 .
The Cinema Mundi International Film Festival is a film festival , inaugurated in 2010 , and held annually at the end of February , beginning of March in Brno , Czech Republic .
The Washington D.C. area band Sev first performed together live on October 31 , 1995 .
East Arnhem Region was created under the Local Government Act ( NT ) 2008 to provide core Local Government Services .
Farben Lehre is a Polish punk band formed in 1986 by Wojciech Wojda .
Critical Line was a contemporary art exhibition center that opened 5 May 2006 in the St. Helens section of Tacoma , Washington .
Karolinska Institutet was founded in 1810 on Kungsholmen on the west side of Stockholm ; the main campus was relocated decades later to Solna , just outside Stockholm .
World Trip Records , is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2010 in Toronto .
The Portucel Soporcel Group ( listed as Portucel S.A. ) is a Portuguese pulp and paper company , which resulted from the 2001 merger of the firms Portucel and Soporcel .
Bitcasa , Inc. , is an American cloud storage company founded in 2011 in St. Louis , Missouri .
Personal Software Services ( PSS ) was a British software company based in Coventry , founded by Gary Mays and Richard Cockayne in 1981 .
Hopeful Tragedy Records is an 2007 formed Quebec - based Record label founded by Your Favorite Enemies .
The company was established in 1963 as the Zhengzhou Bus Repair Factory 1993 Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Co. , Ltd. was founded with a sales volume of 708 units .
Esterline was founded in 1906 by John Esterline , an electrical engineer and former head of the electrical engineering department at Purdue University .
John Brien started Important Records in 2001 out of his Newbury , Massachusetts apartment , initially as an online store .
The MacLean Center for Clinical Medical Ethics , founded in 1981 , is a non - profit clinical medical ethics research institute based in the United States .
Poorman Mayfield Music Group is record label group founded in 2009 by Grammy - winning jazz trumpeter and bandleader Irvin Mayfield .
The second manifestation of `` Air Wales '' was a much larger operation established in January 1997 with the assistance of property financier Roy Thomas and started operations in January 2000 .
Galerie Smend is a gallery in Cologne , Germany showing textile art . The gallery was founded 1973 and run by Rudolf G. Smend until today .
This or the Apocalypse is an American metalcore band from Lancaster , Pennsylvania which formed in 2005 .
Founded in 2008 by Victoria Leigh Gardner , Nicole Rodriguez and Jim Coatsworth , and based in New Haven , Connecticut , Hillhouse Opera Company has offered productions of Alcina , Don Giovanni , Faust , Così fan tutte and La Bohème .
Editorial Ivrea was founded in 1997 in Argentina , and since then , they have released several comics .
In 2009 , Fortune created a new organization , the Advancing Women Artists Foundation , its American non - profit sister organization , which allowed for more opportunities for American involvement .
The Brand New Heavies are an acid jazz and funk group formed in 1985 in Ealing in west London .
Missouri State University was formed as the Fourth District Normal School , by legislative action on March 17 , 1905 .
The Ensemble Matheus was founded in 1991 with the members of the Quatuor Matheus ( Matheus Quartet ) , Jean - Christophe Spinosi , Laurence Paugam , Françoise Paugam , and Thierry Runarvot , as the core of the ensemble , and with Spinosi as artistic leader .
The team was formed on November 7 , 1992 and was named the Turkish Stars on January 11 , 1993 .
Green Go are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2006 from Guelph , Ontario , Canada .
The Bisexual Resource Center ( BRC ) is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit educational organization headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts , that has served the bisexual community since 1985 .
The town of Mörfelden - Walldorf came into being on 1 January 1977 through the merger of the until then independent towns of Mörfelden and Walldorf in the face of pressure from Frankfurt to amalgamate with that city .
The Exército Guerrilheiro do Povo Galego Ceive ( Guerrilla Army of the Free Galician People in Galician language ; EGPGC ) was an armed organization formed in 1986 mainly by members of Galiza Ceibe - OLN .
The London Electricity Board was the public sector utility company responsible for electricity generation and electrical infrastructure maintenance in London prior to 1990 .
FINCA Afghanistan was founded on August 1 , 2003 through grants and loans supplied by several donors and funding agencies .
The Party for Human and Spirit ( Dutch : Partij voor Mens en Spirit , MenS ) is a Dutch political party , founded in March 2008 .
Kalasalingam University ( formerly Arulmigu Kalasalingam College of Engineering ) was established in the year 1984 by the Kalasalingam Anandam Ammal Charities .
ProntoForms was founded in 2001 in Ottawa , Canada as TrueContext Mobile Solutions by Alvaro Pombo ( who is also the company 's CEO ) .
It was then established as a state owned enterprise called Coal Corporation in 1987 ( known as Coalcorp ) , and renamed Solid Energy New Zealand Limited in 1997 .
Delia Memorial School ( Matteo Ricci ) ( Chinese : 地利亞修女紀念學校(利瑪竇 ) ) commenced its service in 1984 , operating under the management of Delia Group of Schools .
Hansa Shipping OÜ is an Estonian shipping company founded in 1999 in Tallinn , Estonia .
Get Physical Music is a Berlin - based electronic music record label founded in 2002 by M.A.N.D.Y. ( Patrick Bodmer & Philipp Jung ) , DJ T ( Thomas Koch ) and Booka Shade ( Walter Merziger , Arno Kammermeier & Peter Hayo ) .
The Pritzker Literature Award for Lifetime Achievement in Military Writing ( formerly Pritzker Military Library Literature Award 2007 - 2013 ) is a literary award given annually by the Pritzker Military Museum & Library .
The very first concert given by Subway to Sally was held in September 1990 .
The Bluetones are an English indie rock band , formed in Hounslow , Greater London , in 1993 .
MTI Consulting was founded in 1997 with its headquarters in Bahrain .
The first initiative in this direction came from the provincial government of Biscay , which the other three provincial governments in the peninsular part of the Basque Country subsequently joined ( 1918 ) , with articles of association being approved and Euskaltzaindia being legally constituted in October 1919 .
Urban Dance Squad was a Dutch rap rock band formed after what was originally intended as a one - time jam - session at a festival in Utrecht on December 20 , 1986 .
The commune of Le Plessis - Trévise was created on 7 July 1899 by detaching a part of the territory of La Queue - en - Brie and merging it with a part of the territory of Chennevières - sur - Marne and a part of the territory of Villiers - sur - Marne .
Disques Hushush Inc. ( also known as Disques Hushush or more simply as Hushush ) is an independent record label created by Dimitri della Faille ( aka recording artist Szkieve ) in Montreal ( Quebec ) , Canada in 1998 .
Wizz Air Ukraine commenced domestic operations in Ukraine on 11 July 2008 and later added international flights .
Planet Gemini was formed in 1997 by vocalist and guitarist Hellion and bassist Josh in Boston , Massachusetts .
Hanover Acceptances Limited is a holding company founded 1974 by Manfred Gorvy .
The Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty , also known as Met Council , was founded in 1972 after two studies reported 300,000 Jewish New Yorkers live in poverty .
Rijkswaterstaat , founded in 1798 as the Bureau voor den Waterstaat , is part of the Dutch Ministry of Infrastructure and the Environment , the former Ministry of Transport , Public Works and Water Management .
Episcopal Collegiate School is an independent college preparatory school located in Little Rock , Arkansas established in 1998 under the name `` The Cathedral School . ''
The Hedwig Codex is a medieval illuminated manuscript of the Life of Hedwig of Silesia , produced in the court workshop of Ludwig I of Liegnitz and Brieg in 1353 .
BBC World Service Television , often abbreviated to WSTV ( World Service Television ) , was the name given to two of the BBC 's international satellite television channels between 1991 and 1995 .
Kungshuset , the `` King 's House '' , is a building in Lund in Sweden , built by the Danish king Frederick II between 1578 and 1584 and originally intended as the residence for the bishop of Lund .
UserJoy Technology ( Chinese : 宇峻奧汀 ; pinyin : Yǔjùn Àotīng ) , founded in Taiwan since 1995 , is a company involved in PC single - player / MMO game development , publishing and maintenance .
In 2010 Euclideon was the recipient of approximately $ 2 million , the largest grant awarded by the Australian Federal Government under its new Commercialisation Australia initiative .
Founded in March 2003 , Gravity Interactive LLC was created to host games for North America developed by GRAVITY Co. , Ltd ..
Brasier was a French automobile manufacturer , based in the Paris conurbation , and active between 1905 and 1930 .
Yeni - Kale was built by Ottoman Turks in 1699 - -1706 on the Kerch peninsula that belonged to the Crimean Khanate .
The Prix Guizot is an annual prize of the Académie française , which has been awarded in the field of history since 1994 by Fondations Guizot , Chodron de Courcel , Yvan Loiseau and Eugène Piccard .
Fragomen , Del Rey , Bernsen & Loewy LLP is a New York City - based International Law firm established in 1951 and specialized in providing a range of immigration law services to corporate and individual clients , and is widely recognised as the world 's leading immigration law firm .
The Al - Qaida Sanctions Committee ( officially Security Council Committee pursuant to resolutions 1267 ( 1999 ) and 1989 ( 2011 ) concerning Al - Qaida and associated individuals and entities ) was established on 15 October 1999 , pursuant to UN Security Council Resolution 1267 .
Emocapella was founded in October 2001 by Eric Denman and Dan Riesser , GW sophomores at the time , who wanted to form a group that purposefully deviated from traditional a cappella .
3net was an American 3D television channel that launched on February 13 , 2011 .
The Acorn to Oak Foundation ( or Bellota A Roble ) was founded on March 24 , 2006 with the intent of ultimately establishing a private , Latter - day Saint university in Latin America .
The Observatory was established in 1883 as the Hong Kong Observatory by Sir George Bowen , the 9th Governor of Hong Kong , with Dr William Doberck as its first director .
Up with the Republic ( Spanish : Arriba la República ) , formerly known as Up with Nicaragua ( Arriba Nicaragua ) , is a Nicaraguan political party founded in 1996 by banker Álvaro Robelo .
Blessing the Children International ( BCI ) is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization , founded in 2001 , that does Christian missionary work in Ethiopia , Africa .
The football department split from the club in 2003 to create FC Eintracht Norderstedt 03 .
The Olympia Brewing Company was a brewery in Tumwater , WA founded in 1896 by Leopold Friederich Schmidt , which existed from 1896 until 1983 .
The 3rd and the Mortal ( alternative spelling The Third and the Mortal ) were a Norwegian experimental metal - band , founded in the city Trondheim , Norway , in 1992 by Rune Hoemsnes , Finn Olav Holthe , Geir Nilssen , Trond Engum and singer Kari Rueslåtten .
The Alliance for Safe Children ( TASC ) is a non - profit organization formed in 2002 to address the issue of child injury in the developing world .
Bech - Bruun traces its history back to 1872 when it was established as `` Bech - Bruun I / S '' but in 2001 , after numerous mergers , it changed its name to `` Bech - Bruun Dragsted Advokatfirma I / S '' , finally becoming `` Bech - Bruun '' in 2005 .
It has been responsible for the safe , orderly and expeditious flow of air traffic in Canadian airspace since November 1 , 1996 when the government transferred the ANS from Transport Canada to Nav Canada .
H&Q Asia Pacific ( H&QAP ) is an Asian private equity firm founded in 1986 by Ta - lin Hsu as a branch of the investment bank Hambrecht & Quist .
Essential Energy was formed from the previously state - owned energy business , Country Energy , when the retail division of the company , along with the Country Energy brand , was sold by the NSW Government in 2011 to Origin Energy .
In 2009 Swedish electro - hydraulic control systems manufacturer Olsbergs bought 50 % of the team and it was renamed Olsbergs MSE .
Lion Hudson plc resulted from the merger in December 2003 of Lion Publishing plc and Angus Hudson Ltd. Lion Publishing was founded in 1971 by David & Pat Alexander in order to publish books in plain language about Christianity for readers who are not necessarily Christian and for a diverse , international readership .
Mediaset Extra is an Italian entertainment television channel , owned by the media company Mediaset , launched on 26 November 2010 .
The history of Synergy University goes back to 1995 when `` Moscow International Institute of Econometrics , Informatics , Finance and Law '' was established in Moscow .
MKB Unionbank was founded in January 1991 as Boras OOD , a limited liability company , licensed by the Bulgarian National Bank ( BNB ) to trade in foreign currencies .
The Concertación ( full Spanish name : Concertación de Partidos por la Democracia , English : Coalition of Parties for Democracy ) is a coalition of center - left political parties in Chile , founded in 1988 .
Rolls - Royce Motors was created in 1973 during the de - merger of the Rolls - Royce car business from the nationalised Rolls - Royce Limited .
Daventry University Technical College is a University Technical College ( UTC ) in Daventry , Northamptonshire , England which opened in September 2013 .
Auzolan ( neighborhood labor in Basque ) was a political coalition in the Southern Basque Country , created on 26 March 1983 .
Saba Foulad Zagros was founded in December 2009 as a private company and it is considered as one of the major industrial poles of the Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province as well as the Iranian re - bar making industry .
The University of Rochester was founded in 1850 as a Baptist - sponsored institution .
The company was formed in September 1999 when Buzzi Cementi ( founded as Fratelli Buzzi SpA in Trino Vercellese by the brothers Pietro and Antonio Buzzi in 1907 ) took over Unicem ( founded as Cementi Marchino in Casale by Luigi Marchino in 1878 ) , and took on the name of Buzzi Unicem .
PT Media Nusantara Citra Tbk ( MNC , IDX : MNCN ) is a media company in Indonesia , founded in 1997 .
Mohamed Sathak Engineering College ( Tamil : மொஹமட் சதக் பொறியியல் கல்லூரி ) , Kilakarai is the first self - financing engineering college in Tamil Nadu started in the year 1984 .
Since their foundation on 19 October 1923 Karlstad BK has participated mainly in the second and third tiers of the Swedish football league system .
Campmor is an outdoor recreation equipment retailer established in Bogota , New Jersey in 1978 .
The BBC Radio 2 Electric Proms ( formerly the BBC Electric Proms ) was an October music festival in London run by the BBC for five years , 2006 - -2010 .
Million Writers Award is a short story literary award presented annually by storySouth since 2003 .
Michael Onghai founded AppAddictive in January 2011 and serves as its CEO .
Dark Horse Records is a record label founded by former Beatle George Harrison in 1974 .
Dongducheon Rock Festival is a rock festival , which is held annually in Dongducheon , South Korea in late summer since 1999 .
North Pointe Preparatory was established in August 2001 , with 130 students in grades 7 through 9 .
Pacific Forum CSIS was founded as an independent think tank in 1975 .
As of November 2011 , Comtel Air serves six cities in five countries :
West Pakistan ( Urdu : مغربی پاکستان‎ , Mag̱ẖribī Pākistān IPA : ( məɣrɪbiː pɑːkɪst̪ɑːn ) ; Bengali : পশ্চিম পাকিস্তান , Pôścim Pākistān ) was one of the two exclaves created at the formation of the modern State of Pakistan following the 1947 Partition of India .
Willie 's Reserve is a company started by singer - songwriter Willie Nelson in 2015 .
Dream of Sleeping began in 2003 with an EP titled Dream of Sleeping , recorded by Danny Lint and Neil Cartmell .
National Electric Vehicle Sweden AB , abbreviated as Nevs , is a Swedish holding company , that has acquired the assets of Saab Automobile AB from a bankruptcy estate in 2012 .
Absolutely Kosher Records is an independent California - based record label founded in 1998 in San Francisco by Cory Brown .
Front Yards in Bloom began in 1999 as a partnership program between the Edmonton Horticultural Society , Canada Post , and the City of Edmonton .
The University of Canberra Firebirds are an American Football club established in 1993 to compete in the ACT Gridiron league .
The Sheffield Bach Choir was founded in 1950 to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the death of Johann Sebastian Bach in Leipzig .
12BET , founded in 2007 , is a sports betting and online casino provider licensed by the Isle of Man Gambling Supervision Commission .
Banco Itaú began in 1945 under the name Banco Central de Crédito ( Central Bank of Credit ) and later changed its name to Banco Federal de Crédito ( Federal Bank of Credit ) .
Rightware was founded in December 2009 after it got a € 3 million investment to acquire the mobile business unit from Futuremark Corporation .
Craven - Maddalena Films is a Hollywood movie studio , founded in 1996 by Wes Craven and Marianne Maddalena .
WLYK signed on January 23 , 1989 , as WKGG , a repeater for WTOJ in Watertown , but with a Kingston focus .
The Valentino Orchestra is a Canadian 17-piece pre - swing style big band formed in Montreal in 1996 and led by musicologist and composer Andrew Homzy .
Founded in 2003 by Kai Bolik , Michael Kalkowski and Boris Wasmuth GameDuell offers over 70 casual online games , mostly developed in - house , such as Fluffy , Maya Pyramid , Bubble Speed , Jungle Jewels and game classics like Hearts , Solitaire and Pool .
Altai Khairkhan ( Mongolian : Алтай Хайрхан ) is an overtone singing ensemble from Mongolia founded in 2002 by Childeegiin Palamjav , Sambuugiin Pürevjav and Ejeegiin Toivgoo .
Ad Noiseam was founded in April of 2001 by Nicolas Chevreux , who also has done some of the design work for the label 's releases .
In 1996 , former Windham Hill employees Pat Berry and Bob Duskis founded Six Degrees Records with the intention of promoting new trends in world music .
Those Who Fear , also known as TWF , is an American Christian metal band hailing from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , who were established in 2005 .
To Live and Shave in L.A. ( TLASILA ) is an experimental music collective founded in 1993 by avant - garde composer / producer Tom Smith ( formerly of Washington , DC groups Peach of Immortality and Pussy Galore ) and Miami Beach musician / producer Frank `` Rat Bastard '' Falestra .
In early 2002 , Sean Spector and Jung Suh partnered with founding CEO Toby Lenk to start GameFly .
Zero Tolerance Recordings is a now defunct record label that released electronic music from 1998 to 2004 .
The Czechoslovakia national football team ( Czech : Československá fotbalová reprezentace , Slovak : Československé národné futbalové mužstvo ) was the national association football team of Czechoslovakia from 1920 to 1992 .
ETSI was created by CEPT in 1988 and is officially recognized by the European Commission and the EFTA secretariat .
Esporte Clube Bahia was founded in 1931 , when players from two clubs decided to merge .
On November 1 , 1991 , the station changed its call sign to the current WBMW ; under this call sign , it signed on December 24 , 1992 .
The Prototyp - Personen . Kraft . Wagen ( persons.power.cars ) museum in Hamburg opened in 2008 in Hamburg 's Speicherstadt district .
The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention ( AFSP ) was founded in 1987 by several people who had lost loved ones to suicide .
Command Consulting Group , `` CCG '' , is an international security and intelligence consulting firm , founded in 2009 , headquartered in Washington , D.C. , USA .
In 1989 , the three future members of Spiderbait were performing together with Janet English on bass guitar and lead vocals , Mark Maher ( better known as Kram ) on lead vocals and drums , and Damian Whitty ( or `` Whitt '' ) on guitar .
Aerosud is an aeronautical engineering and manufacturing company , formed in 1990 by the then key designers of the South African Denel Rooivalk attack helicopter , together with similar leaders from the Atlas Cheetah fighter program ( Mirage III upgrade ) and the Product Support Environment .
Twobones is a Swiss Mainstream - jazz band founded in 1986 .
Elanders was created from a print office founded in 1908 by Otto Elander , Nils Hellner and Emil Ekström in Sweden .
Founded in 2003 , Meizu began as a manufacturer of MP3 players and later MP4 players .
Vital Farms was founded in 2007 by its CEO , Matthew O’Hayer , as a single - site operation on a 27-acre farm plot in Southwest Austin .
Still Pending is an American punk pop children band , formed in Portland , Oregon in 2005 .
Digital Extremes is a Canadian computer and video game developer founded in 1993 by James Schmalz , best known for its co - creation of Epic Games ' highly successful Unreal series of games .
The company was founded in 1994 ; the first call within the Kyivstar network was made on 9 December 1997 .
Carlton Sports , a leading producer of badminton rackets and shuttlecocks was established in 1946 .
The Cult Information Centre was founded in 1987 by Ian Haworth , who had previously been involved with the Council on Mind Abuse , and gained charitable status in the United Kingdom in 1992 .
Obsidian Kingdom is a music band formed in 2005 in Barcelona , whose music is not easy to label .
Syrian Education TV ( Arabic القناة الفضائية التربوية السورية ) launched by the Syrian Ministry of Education on 14 October 2008 on Arabsat and it was later launched in June 2009 to broadcast from Damascus on Nilesat .
The Academy for German Law ( German : Akademie für deutsches Recht ) was an institute founded in 1933 in Nazi Germany on the initiative of Hans Frank .
The Hubei University ( simplified Chinese : 湖北大学 ; traditional Chinese : 湖北大學 ; pinyin : Húběi Dàxué ) , colloquially known in Chinese as Huda ( 湖大 , Húdà ) was founded in 1931 and is as a key comprehensive university in Hubei Province , People 's Republic of China .
Greater Lowell United FC was founded in 2013 as an expansion team to join the National Premier Soccer League ( NPSL ) for the 2014 season .
The Industrial Development & Renovation Organization of Iran ( IDRO ) known as IDRO Group was established in 1967 in Iran .
Usurp Synapse formed in 1998 in Layfayette , Indiana .
Army Group C was formed from Army Group 2 in Frankfurt on 26 August 1939 .
The Williamson Museum is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit corporation established in 1997 to collect , preserve and exhibit items relating to the rich culture and heritage of Williamson County , Texas .
In 2006 a new club was founded under the BSV Bad Bleiberg name and plays in the lower amateur ranks .
The All - for - Ireland League ( AFIL ) , was an Irish , Munster - based political party ( 1909 - -1918 ) .
Steve Jackson Games ( SJGames ) is a game company , founded in 1980 by Steve Jackson , that creates and publishes role - playing , board , and card games , and the gaming magazine Pyramid .
Gallery Int Fashion Fair started in 2005 as a small showroom , and by 2008 it has grown into a full sized fair with 350 leading brands .
In 2006 Blue Frog became best known for founding NOYZ , a television network that aired mostly pop and hip hop music videos , where members could send text messages to be placed on the air .
Logi Entertainment ( Korean : 로지엔터테인먼트 ) is a Korean company , established in April 2005 , which specializes in producing music and entertainment .
BHLDN launched its website on Valentine 's Day 2011 and opened its first brick - and - mortar store in Houston in August 2011 .
Sisters for Christian Community is a contemporary , non - canonical , ecumenical organization of women founded in 1970 in direct response to the Roman Catholic Vatican Council II . Sisters For Christian Community do not have a canonically approved constitution .
In August 2004 , in connection with the aggravation of relations between Moldova and the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic was last created state unitary enterprise `` Transnistrian Railway '' ( the station Tiraspol , Bender and Ribnita ) , which withdrew from the Moldovan Railways .
Founded in 2005 by Peter Weglarz , the books released from Olympian Publishing have been noteworthy for high production quality , specifically re - creating the feel of vintage or antique books .
Realizing the Dream , Inc. is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization founded in 2006 by Martin Luther King III to carry on the legacy of his parents , Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. and Mrs. Coretta Scott King .
Xing Kong is a Mandarin - language TV channel owned by STAR TV in partnership with China Media Capital , also known as STAR Chinese Channel China , It was voted `` Satellite Channel of the Year '' at the 2002 China Television Programme Awards .
In 2007 , their first CD , Just Girls was released .
In April 2004 , Teknopet Plastic Products and PET Packaging Corporation produced its first PET jar .
In 1745 , Demerara was separated from Essequibo .
In 2011 , the Westervelt - Warner Museum became the Tuscaloosa Museum of Art .
Belvision Studios is a Belgian animated cartoon studio founded in 1956 by Raymond Leblanc , best known for producing Hergé 's Adventures of Tintin and other animated films .
Sarguja University is located in Ambikapur , Chhattisgarh , SARGUJA UNIVERSITY is established and incorporated by Chhattisgarh Vishwavidyalaya Adhiniyam No . 18 of 2008 on September 2nd , 2008 .
Skuru IK is a sports club in Skuru in Nacka , Sweden , established on 22 October 1922 .
Keep the Dog was a United States - based experimental rock touring band from New York City formed in 1989 by English multi - instrumentalist , composer and improvisor Fred Frith .
DITTO was founded in 2011 in Mountain View , CA by Kate Endress , Sergey Surkov , and Dmitry Kornilov .
On 9 February 1949 , the football department was spun off as NK Zadar .
Bek Air was founded in 1999 as a business jet operator .
The present Royal Military Academy Sandhurst was founded in 1947 with the merger of two institutions : the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich and the Royal Military College , Sandhurst .
FC Nika Moscow ( Russian : ФК `` Ника '' Москва ) is a Russian association football club from Moscow , founded in 1999 .
The name Bukovina came into official use in 1775 with the region 's annexation from the Principality of Moldavia to the possessions of the Habsburg Monarchy , which became the Austrian Empire in 1804 , and Austria - Hungary in 1867 .
Since opening in February 2012 , Auctionata has evaluated and verified over 21,000 pieces of art . Notably , Auctionata 's experts discovered a watercolor by Egon Schiele , which was valued at a starting price of $ 1.3 million ( € 1 million ) .
Shambhavi School of Dance ( or SSD ) was established in 1993 at Kengeri , Bangalore in the state of Karnataka in India as a Gurukul of Indian classical dance and music .
Dushanbe International School ( DIS ) was founded in 1997 to serve the international community in Dushanbe and the surrounding area .
PMNCH was launched in September 2005 when the world 's three leading maternal , newborn and child health alliances joined forces under the new name of The Partnership for Maternal , Newborn & Child Health .
It was identical to Qingdao Economic and Technological Development Zone ( QETDZ ) ( simplified Chinese : 青岛经济技术开发区 ; traditional Chinese : 青島經濟技術開發區 ; pinyin : Qīngdǎo Jīngjì Jìshù Kāifāqū ) which was launched in 1985 after the zone was merged with Huangdao District and set up the Free Trade Zone in 1992 .
3rd Alley formed in October 2004 after Zack Walters , then a solo artist , sent a four - track demo to Long Beach Records , landing on Greg `` Mudd '' Lowther 's ears ( of Falling Idols fame and co - owner of Long Beach Records ) .
In 1994 the Sweelinck Conservatorium merged with Hilversums Conservatorium to form the Conservatorium van Amsterdam .
Project 46 was formed in June 2011 after Ryan and Thomas met through a mutual friend via Skype .
1994 - John K. Brown , Wallace Johnson , Roger Fritz , John Sturgeon and David Wolfe establish the Libertarian Party of West Virginia .
The Anointed Pace Sisters is an American gospel music female group from Atlanta Georgia , they started in 1992 .
Alternative Distribution Alliance ( ADA ) , the independent music and film distribution arm of Warner Music Group , was created in 1993 to focus on the independent music business .
Tanishq started in 1994 and challenged the established family jeweller system prevalent in India .
In 1910 , the business , which had by that time become both a manufacturer and a merchant of salt , was incorporated as the Morton Salt Company .
Ned 's Atomic Dustbin are an English rock band formed in Stourbridge in West Midlands in November 1987 .
Lohjan Jääankat ( Lohja Iceducks ) , shorter Ankat ( Ducks ) were an ice hockey team which was founded on 1992 in lohja .
Cosanti is where Soleri and his wife , Colly ( née Corolyn Woods ) Soleri , had established their residence in 1956 , metropolitan Phoenix their city , on a site just a few miles from Taliesin West , where Soleri had studied , an area that has since been surrounded by expensive suburban residences .
Baku International School ( BIS ) is a school located in Baku , Azerbaijan , which was established by the Quality Schools International ( QSI ) group in 1994 .
Grimble Grumble formed in 1995 , taking their name from a character mentioned in the Pink Floyd song `` The Gnome '' .
Muzaffarnagar Medical College was established in 2006 by the Fateh Chand Charitable Trust under the chairmanship of Sh .
The Latin American Film Festival ( LAFF ) is a film festival dedicated to Latin American cinema , held annually in the city of Utrecht , Netherlands , since 2005 .
Bampton Classical Opera was founded in 1993 by its current artistic directors , Gilly French and Jeremy Gray , in order to perform classical period opera in English .
The Society of Photography Award ( 「 写真の会」賞 , Shashin no Kai shō ) is an award presented annually since 1989 by the ( Tokyo - based ) Society of Photography ( 写真の会 , Shashin no Kai ) for outstanding work in photography .
Riot City Wrestling ( RCW ) is an Australian independent professional wrestling promotion founded in January 2006 in Adelaide , South Australia .
The European World of Bluegrass ( EWOB Netherland ) is an annual three - day event which was initially held in 1998 in the town of Lichtenvoorde , Netherlands , and is now being held annually in the town of Voorthuizen , Netherlands .
The Société d'Études Aéronautiques ( SEA ) ( `` Society for Aeronautical Studies '' ) was a French aircraft manufacturer founded in 1916 by Henry Potez , Marcel Bloch , and Louis Coroller at Suresnes .
On October 27 , 1993 the monitoring period was completed and the schools became Dom Bosco Catholic University .
Since 1 July 1990 the 277th Motor Rifle Division was reorganised as the 127th Machine Gun Artillery Division .
We as Human was a Christian rock band from Sandpoint , Idaho formed in 2006 .
C - Clown released their debut mini - album Not Alone with its lead single being `` Solo '' on July 18 , 2012 .
Far East American distributed Domusindo 's products in the North American market until 1994 , when Mr. Wong founded Modus Furniture International , Inc. , a privately held California corporation .
Founded by actor /director John Polson , Tropfest began in 1993 as a screening for 200 people at the ' Tropicana Caffe ' in Darlinghurst , Sydney , Australia , but has since become the largest platform for short films in the world .
Endeavour Foundation is one of Queensland 's oldest charities , founded in 1951 by a group of parents who refused to accept their children with an intellectual disability could n't be educated .
The D&F Academy was launched by the Dekeyser&Friends Foundation in 2009 with the aim of creating a platform where successful personalities could pass on their knowledge and experience to young people from around the world in interactive learning projects .
The Jack Welch Management Institute at Strayer University is an online educational institution founded in 2009 and based in the United States , offering an executive Master of Business Administration degree and executive certificates for working adults .
Circle of Dead Children is a deathgrind band formed on October 24 , 1998 , in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
CCC Film ( German : Central Cinema Compagnie - Film GmbH ) is a German film production company founded in 1946 by Artur Brauner .
The Institute of Tropical Forest Conservation in Uganda grew out of the Impenetrable Forest Conservation Project ( IFCP ) initiated in 1986 to protect the area now known as the Bwindi Impenetrable National Park ( BINP ) , a World Heritage site in southwestern Uganda .
Harasha was established on 14 January 1999 by two students from Mercaz haRav with assistance from the Amana settlement organization .
Sir Howard Douglas Hall , commonly referred to as `` The Old Arts Building '' , is the oldest university building still in use in Canada , completed in 1827 .
Classic Produktion Osnabrück ( often referred to as cpo , in lowercase ) is a record label founded in 1986 by Georg Ortmann and several others .
The Urge was originally formed in 1987 by Webster Groves High School classmates Jeff Herschel ( drums ) , Karl Grable ( bass ) , and Pat Malecek ( guitar ) .
The two bodies merged on 1 January 1990 to form the Australian Institute of Company Directors .
Cochin Shipyard was incorporated in 1972 as a Government of India company , with the first phase of facilities coming online in 1982 .
MI - Connection was created after the towns of Mooresville , Davidson , and Cornelius agreed to buy - out the local cable system from Time Warner Cable after the Adelphia cable acquisition in 2007 .
International School Dhaka ( ISD ) is a co - educational International Baccalaureate World School in Dhaka , Bangladesh which opened in 1999 .
The Mont Pelerin Society was created on 10 April 1947 at a conference organized by Friedrich Hayek ( Friedrich August von Hayek ) .
BH Air was founded in 2001 and began operations in January 2002 with charter flights to Sofia , Plovdiv , Burgas and Varna under contract from the UK tour operator `` Balkan Holidays Ltd '' ( No Connection with BH Air ) .
Founded as a private company under the name Business Flyers Basel AG by Moritz Suter , it changed to Crossair on 18 November 1978 , before the beginning of scheduled services on 2 July 1979 with flights from Zürich to Nuremberg , Innsbruck and Klagenfurt .
Ascension Theory are a progressive metal band formed in 2002 .
On 11 January 1790 they signed a pact , establishing a confederation under the name Verenigde Nederlandse Staten / États - Belgiques - Unis ( United Belgian States ) and a governing body known as the Sovereign Congress .
Çankaya University ( Turkish : Çankaya Üniversitesi ) was established on July 9 , 1997 , by the Sıtkı Alp Education Foundation in Ankara , Turkey .
ESPN Books is a publishing company operated by ESPN Started in 2004 , ESPN Books has published almost 20 books .
Algorithme Pharma was founded in 1992 by a small team of researchers from the pharmacology department of the Université de Montréal and is the largest privately held Québec - owned organization specializing in clinical research services for the international pharmaceutical industry .
Cornbugs was an American experimental metal band formed in 1995 .
Miguel de Cervantes University ( Spanish : Universidad Miguel de Cervantes ) is a private university located in Santiago de Chile and was established on 1996 .
RRO Entertainment is a record label with subsidiary music publishing companies started in 2003 by producer / artist Les Fradkin and his wife Loretta .
Ultra Motorsports began running Winston Cup in 1994 , when P. J. Jones drove the # 06 Ford Thunderbird at Phoenix , finishing 29th , nine laps down .
Lights Resolve is an American alternative rock band that formed in New York in 2006 .
Assyrian Democratic Organization ( ADO ) , ( Syriac : ܡܛܟܣܬܐ ܐܬܘܪܝܬܐ ܕܝܡܩܪܛܝܬܐ ; Arabic : المنظمة الآثورية الديمقراطية‎ ) also known as `` Mtakasta / Mtakasto '' , founded in Syria in 1957 , is the oldest Assyrian political organization in Syria .
Xiuyan Road Station ( Chinese : 秀沿路 ) is a station on the Shanghai Metro , which services Line 11 and opened on December 19 , 2015 .
The first governor , Captain John Dutton , arrived in 1659 , making Saint Helena one of Britain 's oldest colonies outside North America and the Caribbean .
CBS Action is a television channel in the United Kingdom and Poland that launched on 16 November 2009 .
The South American Business Forum was founded in 2005 , and has been organized annually since then by students of the Instituto Tecnológico de Buenos Aires .
ASCON ( sometimes ASCON Group ) was founded in 1989 as a private company .
The Asian Institute of Computer Studies , commonly known as AICS is a private and non - sectarian educational institution in the Philippines founded in 1996 .
In 2007 the band formed as Rotten Ped ( the name taken from a nickname given to singer Phill Pedder ) and , in 2008 , recorded their debut album The Heavenly Sound Of Smut in three days .
The Indus Telefilm Festival was a Pakistani film festival held in 2003 .
It was set up in 2012 and following the successful 2014 season was re - branded as Worldchoiceair.com .
Kamyzyak was founded around 1560 as a fishing village along the Volga .
The Australian Military Court ( AMC ) was a military service tribunal established in 2007 with the primary aim of maintaining military justice within the Australian Defence Force .
The Labour and Socialist International ( LSI ; German : Sozialistische Arbeiter - Internationale , SAI ) was an international organization of socialist and labour parties , active between 1923 and 1940 .
Nordhausen was Reichsgut ( estate of the German emperor ) from the beginning , but in 1158 , Frederick Barbarossa donated it to the local chapter of nuns , which was converted to a cathedral chapter by Frederick II in 1220 , whereby the city came back to the empire and became an Imperial Free City .
The Certified Public Accountants Association ( CPAA ) ( formerly Association of Certified Public Accountants and CPA UK ) was formed in 1989 to represent the interests of certain accountants in the United Kingdom .
Herod the Great built a fortress , a palace , and a small town in Herodium , between 23 and 15 BCE , and is believed to have been buried there .
The Campaign for Good Governance was formally established in July 1996 after Sierra Leone 's first multi - party democratic elections in three decades .
Thyrane was formed by Blastmor in 1994 when he and two other musicians began playing together .
The Coast Guard Basic Training Honor Graduate Ribbon was first created on March 3 , 1984 , with the first presentation in April of that same year to then Seaman apprentice Scott Woodard .
Established in 1953 , the Darwin Baseball Association and latterly Darwin Baseball League ( DBL ) is the governing body of amateur baseball in Darwin , Northern Territory .
Beijing New Oriental School was established on November 16 , 1993 by an English teacher YU Minhong at Peking University .
The Zambonis are a Connecticut - based indie rock band formed in 1991 by musicians Dave Schneider ( The LeeVees ) , Peter Katis , Jon Aley , and Tarquin Katis .
The Measure ( SA ) were an American punk rock band formed in 2005 in New Brunswick , New Jersey who released albums on Don Giovanni Records and No Idea Records .
Uva Province ( Sinhalese : ඌව පළාත Uva Palata , Tamil : ஊவா மாகாணம் Uva Maakaanam ) is Sri Lanka 's second least populated province , with 1,259,880 people , created in 1896 .
Rappers Yas Taalat and Bobby McIntosh , both former members of the rock / rap band Project Wyze , teamed up with onetime DMC World Champion DJ Dopey to form Dead Celebrity Status in 2003 .
Up Above Records is an independent hip hop record label based in Long Beach , California , United States , co - founded in 1995 by Doug `` Papadoug '' Kato and The Visionaries member KeyKool , along with DJ Rhettmatic and Beat Junkies .
Boux Avenue launched in the spring of 2011 initially opening six stores across the United Kingdom .
The Equality Trust is a campaigning organisation founded in 2009 by Bill Kerry , Richard G. Wilkinson and Kate Pickett after the publication of Wikinson and Pickett 's book The Spirit Level :
From late 1998 to early 1999 , this team left Rare to form Free Radical Design , which was established in April 1999 , their first release being TimeSplitters for the PlayStation 2 in 2000 .
The Island Games began in 1985 as the Inter - Island Games , as part of the Isle of Man International Year of Sport , and were intended to be a one - off sporting celebration only .
Pickwick Records ( originally formed as Pickwick Sales Corporation , later Pickwick International ) was founded in 1950 by Cy Leslie , whose first business was a prerecorded greeting card service that in 1946 turned into Voco Records , a label of children 's records .
Coláiste na Coiribe was established in 1992 with 6 students .
The Museum of Art Fakes ( German : Fälschermuseum ) is a museum of faked and forged artworks that opened in Vienna , Austria in 2005 .
Founded in 1987 , Dangerous Toys had released four full - length albums and one live album before unofficially disbanding at the turn of the millennium .
It has been established under the provisions of The Global Open University Act 2006 ( Act 3 of 2006 ) of the Government of Nagaland with a view to introducing vocational , job oriented and empoyment centric education in the North - East in general and in the State of Nagaland in particular .
Kvinna Till Kvinna ( engl . Woman to Woman ) is a Swedish organization founded in 1993 as a result of the Yugoslav Wars .
The Czech National Socialist Party ( Czech : Česká strana národně socialistická ) , abbreviated to ČSNS 2005 , is a centre - left nationalist political party in the Czech Republic .
Finntroll was founded in 1997 with a line - up which included guitarist Teemu `` Somnium '' Raimoranta and vocalist / lyricist Jan `` Katla '' Jämsen .
Grazing Goat Pictures is an Indian film and TV production house launched in 2011 by Hindi film actor Akshay Kumar and Ashvini Yardi .
A royal decree of February 2 , 1818 separated Ilocos Norte from Ilocos Sur , the latter to include the northern part of La Unión ( as far as Namacpacan , now Luna ) and all of what is now the province of Abra .
United Agents ( UA ) is a British talent and literary agency founded in 2007 by Tim Corrie .
The Conway Daily Sun ( Country News Club ) , founded in 1989 , in Conway , New Hampshire .
It was dedicated as the Frank R. Lautenberg Rail Station at Secaucus Junction and opened on December 15 , 2003 .
Schreiber Foods was founded in 1945 when L.D. Schreiber , in partnership with Merlin G. Bush and Daniel D. Nusbaum , started the L.D. Schreiber Cheese Company with its original plant in Green Bay , Wisconsin .
Murphy 's Kids is a six - piece American ska punk band from Richmond , Virginia , formed in 1999 .
The Gangbé Brass Band is a 10-member Beninese musical ensemble founded in 1994 .
Miss High School America was established in 2009 by Amanda Patterson of Arkansas .
The California High - Speed Rail Authority ( CHSRA ) is a California state agency established pursuant to the California High - Speed Rail Act ( S.B. 1420 , Chapter 796 of the California Statutes of 1996 ) to develop and implement high - speed intercity rail service , such as the California High - Speed Rail project .
Vision Crew Unlimited ( VCU ) was a motion picture and TV commercial visual effects company founded in 1994 by visual effects artists Evan Jacobs , Jon Warren and Douglas Miller .
The Distorted Music Festival was an electronic music festival held in Melbourne , Australia in 2005 .
Established on 4 August 1989 , D.A.V. Public School , Chandrasekharpur began with only 90 students and 17 staff members .
FlipMe is an internet - based dating service that launched in 2010 .
Eurodad has existed since 1990 and is registered as a non - profit organisation in both the Netherlands and Belgium .
Kitchens of Distinction ( sometimes shortened colloquially to KOD ) is an English three - person alternative rock band formed in Tooting , South London in 1986 .
Artists Trade Union of Russia was registered in 1999 .
Becky 's Diner opened in 1991 with an exception to the city 's zoning laws prohibiting non - fishery businesses in the location .
The Eerik Kumari Award ( Estonian : Eerik Kumari looduskaitsepreemia ) is a prestigious award given to those who have excelled in bioscience in Estonia since 1989 .
The Richmond Boys Choir was founded in 1996 in Richmond , Virginia , as a collaboration between Theatre IV and the Boys & Girls Club of Richmond .
Pee Shy ( 1993 - -1998 ) were an indie pop band from Tampa , Florida , whose clever , literate lyrics and unorthodox if primitive instrumentation led them to a brief major label career that ended just as they were attracting national commercial radio airplay .
DEMIRA was founded in 1996 in order to provide humanitarian mine clearance , EOD ( Explosive Ordnance Disposal ) , as well as emergency medical aid and disaster relief to people living in postwar countries , and to victims of natural disasters and civil unrest .
Lake of Tears is a Swedish heavy metal band originally formed in 1994 , generally considered to play gothic metal and doom metal .
Altobridge was founded in Ireland in 2002 by Mike Fitzgerald , Guy Waugh and Bart Kane .
Head Hits Concrete is a Canadian political grindcore band that formed in April 1999 in Winnipeg .
Plants and Animals ' self - titled EP was released in 2003 via Ships at Night Records .
Macedonian Airlines was created in 1992 as the charter subsidiary of the Greek national airline , Olympic Airways .
The current club was established in 1998 , after the old HK Celje was dissolved .
Livetune ( stylized as livetune ) is a Japanese music group which formed in 2007 as a dōjin music circle signed to Toy 's Factory .
Jim Henson 's Creature Shop is a special / visual effects company founded in 1979 by puppeteer Jim Henson , creator of The Muppets .
The District of Alaska was the governmental designation for Alaska from May 17 , 1884 to August 24 , 1912 , when it became Alaska Territory .
The Cyprus Police Museum was founded in 1933 during the British Colonial Period ( 1878 - -1959 ) .
HaYisraelim ( Hebrew : הישראלים‎ , lit . The Israelis ) was a minor political party in Israel which ran in the 2009 elections and in the 2013 elections .
Lake Central Airlines was an airline that served points in the midwestern United States from 1950 to 1968 , when it merged into Allegheny Airlines .
Zongo Comics was founded and published in 1995 by Simpsons and Futurama creator Matt Groening .
Monoprice was founded in 2002 by both Jong Lee and Seok Hong .
Philips Consumer Lifestyle was formed in 2008 from the merger of Philips Consumer Electronics and Philips Domestic Appliances and Personal Care .
The Neuenfelder Maschinenfabrik was founded in 1970 by J.J.Sietas as a separate company from the yard .
Party of Democratic Revival of Ukraine ( PDVU ) was a political party in 1990 - 96 that was created as an offshot of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union .
Cecily 's Fund was established in September 1998 in memory of Cecily Eastwood , who died in a road accident whilst working with AIDS orphans in Zambia .
But it was acquired by Winwise Holdings Limited , the subsidiary of Hongkong Chinese Limited from Hong Kong , in 2002 and renamed as The Macau Chinese Bank , Limited .
The first Rib Crib opened in Tulsa , Oklahoma in 1992 , using a hickory - wood - burning smoker within an old house .
Wesdome Gold Mines Inc. was created as a joint venture in 1976 for the purpose of exploring and developing the Wesdome property in Val d’Or .
Various Traveline - branded services , including Traveline Cymru , were established in the UK during 1999 .
AtaBank is one of the largest commercial banks in Azerbaijan established in 1993 .
In May 2010 , the Gemballa factory was seized by German authorities and shut down following the disappearance of Uwe Gemballa who was later found dead .
Big Hit Entertainment ( Hangul : 빅히트 엔터테인먼트 ) , is a South Korean record label founded in 2005 by music producer and former JYP composer Bang Si - Hyuk , also known as `` Hitman Bang . ''
The first DEF CON took place in June 1993 .
HolyHell is a symphonic power metal band , formed in 2005 , produced by Joey DeMaio , bass player from Manowar .
Success Will Write Apocalypse Across the Sky is an American death metal band from Tampa , Florida , formed in 2006 .
The German Confederation ( German : Deutscher Bund ) was a loose association of 39 German states in Central Europe , created by the Congress of Vienna in 1815 to coordinate the economies of separate German - speaking countries and to replace the former Holy Roman Empire .
Oakland University was created in 1957 when Matilda Dodge Wilson and her second husband , Alfred Wilson , donated their 1,443-acre ( 5.84 km2 ) estate to Michigan State University , including Meadow Brook Hall , Sunset Terrace and all the estate 's other buildings and collections , along with $ 2 million .
The Mental Health Tribunal for Scotland was established on 5 October 2005 , under the Mental Health ( Care and Treatment ) ( Scotland ) Act 2003 .
It began in the Swiss village of Waldenburg in 1954 with the foundation of a research institute bearing the name of its founder , Dr Ing . Reinhardt Straumann .
PAREF Springdale School , Inc. is a private single - gender basic education institution established in 1996 in Cebu City , Philippines .
Ghezzi & Brian was founded in 1995 by Giuseppe Ghezzi and Bruno ( Brian ) Saturno to develop racing motorcycles using twin - cylinder engines .
Kennedy Nolan is a Melbourne - based architecture practice established in 1999 by Rachel Nolan and Patrick Kennedy ( who both met while studying and living on campus at the University of Melbourne ) .
Automobiles Ettore Bugatti was a French car manufacturer of high - performance automobiles , founded in 1909 in the then German city of Molsheim , Alsace by Italian - born Ettore Bugatti .
Conectiva was a company founded on August 28 , 1995 , in Curitiba , Paraná , Brazil , by a group of friends , among them Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo , who was a pioneer in the distribution of Linux and open source software in Brazilian Portuguese , Spanish and English for all of Latin America .
Ai - Kon was first held at the University of Manitoba in 2001 and is currently held at the Winnipeg Convention Centre .
Boni & Liveright was an American trade book publisher established in 1917 in New York City by Albert Boni and Horace Liveright .
The Church of England Newspaper was founded in 1828 and is notable as the earliest Church paper , and one of the oldest newspapers still in circulation .
The Italian participation in the Eastern Front during World War II began after the launch of Operation Barbarossa , the German invasion of the Soviet Union , on 22 June 1941 .
The International University in Moscow was established in 1991 by Mikhail Gorbachev and President George H. W. Bush , and was the first private university in Russia .
Initially created as the Resettlement Administration ( RA ) in 1935 as part of the New Deal in the United States , the Farm Security Administration ( FSA ) was an effort during the Depression to combat American rural poverty .
The formation of TVA Sports was first announced at a press event in May 2011 , where TVA announced its plans for the network , and some of its launch programming .
Vigil Games was founded in 2005 by Joe Madureira , David Adams , Marvin Donald and Ryan Stefanelli .
Sarah Lawrence College was established by real - estate mogul William Van Duzer Lawrence , 1842 - 1927 , on the grounds of his estate in Westchester County and was named in honor of his wife , Sarah Bates Lawrence , 1846 - 1926 .
On May 31 , 2002 , Goodrich Corporation ( now UTC Aerospace Systems ) spun off its Engineered Industrial Products business segment into a new company , named EnPro Industries , Inc. The spinoff consisted of businesses that were originally owned by Coltec Industries , which had been purchased by Goodrich in 1998 .
The International Gilbert and Sullivan Festival was founded in 1994 by Ian Smith and his son Neil and is held every summer in England .
Alpha & Omega Recording began in 1986 , in Studio C at San Francisco 's Hyde Street Studios , which Pearlman leased until 1991 from the studio 's owner , Dan Alexander .
Sageworks was founded in 1998 by computer programmer , Sarah Tourville and serial entrepreneur , Brian Hamilton .
In 2001 MCR was granted a permanent full - time license , which came with a name change to 2MCR .
Institute for Global Maritime Studies , also known as IGMS ( established in 2008 ) is a maritime studies non - profit organization dedicated to policy - oriented education and research .
Wing Bowl is an annual eating contest founded in 1993 by Philadelphia talk - radio hosts Angelo Cataldi and Al Morganti .
Riddlin ' Kids won `` Best Alternative Rock / Punk Band '' at the 2001 - 2002 Austin Music Awards .
The Aditya Birla Public School , Rehla was founded in 1987 as Shiksha Niketan , and renamed The Aditya Birla Public School in April , 2002 .
In October 2010 , Guardian Media Entertainment , was formed by SLG Entertainment and NHL Enterprises , created hockey - themed superheroes called `` Guardians '' for each of the 30 teams in the National Hockey League .
In 2006 Erlend Gjerde joined Indie Recordings and Indie Distribution and together they developed the label from being a `` hobby project '' , into one of the leading independent record labels in Scandinavia , releasing gold - record status albums with bands like Kvelertak and Satyricon .
Krabathor is a death metal band from Uherské Hradiště , Czech Republic that was founded by Christopher in 1984 .
The Pin Up Girls are a girl group and dance troupe , founded by New York native Vixen Romeo in 2005 , which began as a burlesque - style performance group based in Los Angeles .
The origin of the name `` Painface '' was as the title of a song Rouw had written in 1992 while in a band named `` Pull My Finger '' ( later shortened to just `` Pull '' ) with Rouw on vocals , Patrick Neuwirth on guitar , Paul Gray on bass and Shawn Crahan on drums .
Formed by Simon Stone and Nicholas Broten in 1995 , Fonda 500 have been releasing albums since 2000 .
FC Sibiu was a Romanian professional football club from Sibiu , Sibiu county , founded in 2003 and dissolved in 2007 .
G4S has its origins in a guarding business founded in Copenhagen in 1901 by Marius Hogrefe , originally known as Kjøbenhavn Frederiksberg Nattevagt ( which translates as Copenhagen and Frederiksberg Night Watch ) and subsequently renamed Falck .
Eurazeo is a French investment company formed via the acquisition of Azeo by Eurafrance in April 2001 .
Upon the award of Charter by the President on March 2013 , the University College was renamed University of Eldoret .
The GPA was founded in 1990 by Constable James Bradley as LAGPA ( Lesbian And Gay Police Association ) , and represented ( it has since disbanded ) the needs and interests of gay and bisexual police officers and police staff in the United Kingdom .
Daytona Motorsport was founded in 1990 by Charles Graham , the CEO of the Daytona Group Along with a group of senior directors , his brother Jim Graham , helps running the company , and primarily the TW Steel DMAX Championship , as Marketing Director .
Again on 28th Nov 2014 G K Vasan revived Tamil Maanila Congress ( TMC(M ) ) after breaking away from Indian National Congress on 3rd Nov 2014 protesting the party 's Working Committee was acting against the interests of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee and Indian National Congress not having strong stands on Tamil Nadu issues .
Cancer Research UK is a cancer research and awareness charity in the United Kingdom , formed on 4 February 2002 by the merger of The Cancer Research Campaign and the Imperial Cancer Research Fund .
On August 17 , 2002 , the Holy Land Experience Scriptorium museum opened .
Warkauden Pallo -35 ( WP 35 ) is a sports club in Varkaus in Finland , founded in 1935 .
Paulista Futebol Clube , or Paulista as they are usually called , is a Brazilian football team from Jundiaí , in São Paulo , founded on May 17 , 1909 .
The Northern Ontario Railroad Museum & Heritage Centre was incorporated as a non - profit organization in 1993 .
ROKPA International is an international humanitarian organisation founded in 1980 by Akong Tulku Rinpoche , Lea Wyler and Dr. V. Wyler which operates principally in Nepal and Tibet .
The Tombstone Western Film Festival and Symposium founded in 2001 is held in July in Tombstone , Arizona , a historic western mining town ( and later ghost town ) in the USA celebrated in western films as the site of the legendary Gunfight at the O.K. Corral between Wyatt Earp and the Clantons and McLaurys .
The Transfer Act of 1905 transferred the management of forest reserves from the General Land Office of the Interior Department to the Bureau of Forestry , henceforth known as the United States Forest Service .
Vertu Motors PLC is a UK based car dealership group established in 2006 .
The Main Street Museum was founded in 1992 by David Fairbanks Ford in an area of White River Junction , known as The Old South End .
Corrigon is a visual search company that was founded in 2007 by Einav Itamar and Avinoam Omer .
Wengo was founded in September 2004 , launching its service at the beginning of 2005 based on what is now known as the `` WengoPhone , classic edition '' .
Collège Boréal , which began operations in 1995 , is a postsecondary institution in which students are offered technical programs helping them gain access to a bilingual labour market .
Hailing from Perth , Western Australia , The Kryptonics were a tough , melodic pop punk outfit that existed between 1985 and 1992 .
The Knoxville Speed was a UHL team which played from 1999 - 2002 in Knoxville , Tennessee with home ice at the James White Civic Coliseum .
The club was established in December 1906 as Fuβball - Club Germania Brötzingen .
Tilichiki was established in 1898 , and in 1930 it became the administrative center of the district .
Casa de Dios was founded on September 11 , 1994 by Pastor Carlos `` Cash '' Luna and his wife Sonia Luna .
WorshipMob are an American worship music collective from Colorado Springs , Colorado , and they were formed on March 15 , 2011 by co - leaders , Garrett Chynoweth and Sean Mulholland .
The Max Planck Institute for European Legal History ( German : Max - Planck - Institut für europäische Rechtsgeschichte ) was founded in 1964 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
The Upper Deck Company , LLC ( colloquially as Upper Deck and Upper Deck Authenticated , Ltd. in the UK ) , founded in 1988 , is a private company primarily known for producing trading cards .
The Midi Music Awards , also called Midi Rock Music Awards or simply Midi Awards ( Chinese : 中国摇滚迷笛奖 ) are an annual awards presented by the Beijing Midi School of Music since 2009 .
The Philippine Expeditionary Forces to Korea ( PEFTOK ) ( Filipino : Puwersang Expedisyonarya ng Pilipinas sa Korea or PEPK / Puwersang Pinadala ng Pilipinas sa Korea or PPPK ) was the Philippine Army contingent of the United Nations forces that fought in the Korean War ( 1950 - -1953 ) .
Allied Van Lines is an American moving company founded in 1928 as a cooperative non - profit organization owned by its member agents on the east coast of the United States , to help with organizing return loads and minimizing dead - heading ( i.e. operating trucks without shipments loaded on them ) .
Aparté is a French classical music record label founded in 2010 by Nicolas Bartholomée , director of Little Tribeca recording studios .
RAK Airways was founded in 2006 and launched operations in early 2007 .
U.S. Open Track and Field was the name of the first top level indoor track and field meet in 2012 .
Fuel 2000 is an independent record label , formed in 1994 as part of the Fuel Label Group .
The Louisiana Gators were slated to be a team in the Women 's Football Alliance based in Shreveport , Louisiana for the 2011 season .
Zodiac Aerospace is a French aerospace Group founded in 1896 that supplies systems and equipment for aircraft .
The city of Seacouver was founded in 1793 .
The Millard School was a military preparatory school founded in 1953 in Langlois , Oregon by Colonel Homer Millard and his wife , Ester .
School friends Joe McGuigan ( bass guitar ) and Philly Byrne ( vocals ) formed Gama Bomb with the guitarist Luke Graham in Newry in 2002 and soon built up a small but loyal following which they consolidated with a rigorous touring schedule and frequent forays into self - released recording .
Conducting from the Grave was an American melodic death metal / deathcore band , formed in 2003 in Sacramento .
The London Residuary Body was a body set up in 1985 to dispose of the assets of the Greater London Council after the council 's abolition in 1986 .
On May 29 , 1885 , the king named his new colony the Congo Free State .
The Poverty Plainsmen is a Saskatchewan - based country music band , originating in smalltown Tilston , Manitoba by brothers Sean Smith and Mark Smith in October 1987 .
Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University ( TANUVAS ) is a veterinary university founded in 1989 in Madhavaram Milk Colony , Chennai , India .
Clark Beaumont ( Sarah Clark and Nicole Beaumont ) are an artistic collaborative duo who formed in 2010 , and currently live and work in Brisbane , Australia .
Fire Party were a band from Washington , D.C. They were together from the autumn of 1986 to the spring of 1990 .
St. Ann 's School , Ahmedabad ( Bopal ) began in 1987 , under the vision of Mr. Rajendra Shukla who started the school with 5 students .
Kik Tracee was a 1990s glam metal band formed in Los Angeles , California in 1988 , during the last years of the glam metal movement , before the influx of grunge and alternative rock .
The station was assigned the call sign KLQQ on June 6 , 2006 .
KSTE first signed on in 1996 , relatively late in AM broadcasting .
The O'Reilly Auto Parts 300 is a NASCAR Xfinity Series race that takes place each spring at Texas Motor Speedway , and was first held in 1997 .
The Portrait of Philip IV in Fraga is a portrait of Philip IV of Spain painted in June 1644 by Velázquez .
Established in 1999 by sister and brother team , Adele and Barry Laden MBE , the model for The Laden Showroom is founded on social entrepreneurial principles , where designers rent low - cost space to display and sell their products without being tied to contract .
I Musici ( pronounced ( iˈmuːzitʃi ) ) , also known as I Musici di Roma , is an Italian chamber orchestra from Rome formed in 1951 .
Crescent Air Cargo was incorporated as a Private Limited Company in January 2002 , with its registered office at Chennai , though flight operations only began in 2004 .
Since 1984 , Corsair Marine has sold more than 1,700 trimarans .
Rusted Root ( 1990 ) Rusted Root ( 1992 ) Live ( 1995 ) Evil Ways ( 1996 ) Airplane ( 1998 )
The Santa Monica College of Design , Art and Architecture existed in Santa Monica , California from 1990 until 2000 .
KSVI went on the air January 8 , 1993 under the ownership of Big Horn Communications .
The Trans - European Transport Network Executive Agency ( TEN - T EA ) was an executive agency established by the European Commission in October 2006 in order to realise the technical and financial implementation of the TEN - T programme .
Solbus is a Polish bus manufacturer founded in 2001 in Solec Kujawski .
The Hot Springs Bathers were a Cotton States League baseball team based in Hot Springs , Arkansas that played from 1938 to 1941 and from 1947 to 1955 .
Formed as Geometrics in November 2008 with new members Aidan Ward & Lindsay Banks ( formally of ' The Homewreckers Club ' ) .
The Jadu ( 더 자두 ) was South Korean modern rock band that performed from 2001 to 2008 .
The Marrakech International Film Festival ( FIFM ) ( French : Festival International du Film de Marrakech , Arabic : المهرجان الدولي للفيلم بمراكش‎ , Amazigh ⴰⵏⵎⵓⴳⴳⴰⵔ ⴰⴳⵔⴰⵖⵍⴰⵏ ⵏ ⵍⴼⵉⵍⵎ ⴳ ⵎⵕⵕⴰⴽⵛ ) is an international film festival founded in 2001 and held annually in Marrakech , Morocco .
In October 2011 , home automation company Vivint , Inc. started and incorporated a new , solar division of the company , Vivint Solar .
The Hamilton Bulldogs are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League that began to play in the 2015 - -16 season .
The Lady Lever Art Gallery is a museum founded and built by the industrialist and philanthropist William Lever , 1st Viscount Leverhulme and opened in 1922 .
Malek Fahd Islamic School was opened in October 1989 with one campus in Greenacre .
FV Speyer was formed in 1919 , originally as the football department of local gymnastics club Turnverein Speyer , but soon as an independent entity .
302 Acid is a music group from Washington , D.C. , USA , formed by Doug Kallmeyer and Justin Mader in 2002 .
Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines ( RTLMC ) was a Rwandan radio station which broadcast from July 8 , 1993 to July 31 , 1994 .
Inspection Medical Hermeneutics ( Инспекция Медицинская Герменевтика ) was a pioneering artists '' collective formed in December 1987 in a squat in Furman Lane in Moscow .
Rykä was founded in 1987 by Sheri Poe , who wanted to design a better - fitting athletic shoe for women .
The Saw Doctors rose to gain national attention during 1987 and 1988 as they toured in support of popular Irish bands such as the Hothouse Flowers and The Stunning .
Toe to Toe formed in 1992 by vocalist and Resist Records founder , Scott Mac , who remains the band 's only original member .
The Vulcan Award of the Technical Artist ( French : Prix Vulcain de l’Artiste Technicien ) is an independent film award created in 2003 .
Their debut album , Sepalcure , was released in 2011 on the Hotflush Recordings label .
The Molten Division III Men 's Invitational Volleyball Championship Tournament was a championship event for NCAA Division III men 's volleyball , founded in 1997 and operating through 2011 .
Hooters , Inc. was incorporated in Clearwater , Florida , on April 1 , 1983 , by six Clearwater businessmen :
The band formed in 1994 under the moniker Flowing Tears & Withered Flowers .
Zambia Skyways started flying , as Eastern Air , in 1993 .
Freedom Air was Air New Zealand Group 's low - cost airline which operated from December 1995 to March 2008 .
The Upper Midwest Preparedness and Emergency Response Learning Center ( UMPERLC ) , established in May 2001 as the Iowa Center for Public Health Preparedness is a public health center at the University of Iowa College of Public Health .
1935 - 1939 National Pedagogical Institute 1939 - 1992 Vilnius Pedagogical Institute 1992 - 2011 Vilnius Pedagogical University Since 2011 Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences
Slow Club are an English duo formed in Sheffield in 2006 .
Thai AirAsia X launched its first destination to Seoul - Incheon on 17 June 2014 followed by Osaka - Kansai and Tokyo - Narita on 1 September 2014 .
The Changcuters is an Indonesian rock and roll band formed in 2005 in Bandung .
Sun Rise English School was established in 1987 by Mr. Dinanath Duwadi , in his own home in Bharatpur-06 , Krishnapur , Chitwan , NEPAL .
Memorain is a speed / thrash metal band from Greece , formed by guitarist / vocalist Ilias Papadakis in 1999 .
Peter Bjorn and John are a Swedish indie pop / rock band , formed in Stockholm in 1999 and named after the first names of the band 's members :
They met at one of Rietsch 's gigs and collaborated to form Camo & Krooked in 2007 .
Justice List ( in Swedish : Rättviselistan ) was an alliance formed in Sweden in June 1995 , ahead of the European Parliament elections .
Studio 23 was officially launched on October 12 , 1996 , but as a timeshare with MTV Asia aired during the daytime , with Studio 23 programming taking over in the primetime hours .
The new line - up became Secret and Whisper on February 24 , 2007 .
The company changed its name to Global Supply Systems Limited on 31 January 2001 , and started operations on 29 June 2002 .
Atom Seed were formed in early 1989 by former Zoodoll guitarist Simon James ' and bassist Chris Huxter 's meeting with singer Paul Cunningham and Iranian drummer , Amir .
Trump Shuttle , Inc. , doing business as Trump Airlines , was an airline owned by Donald Trump from 1989 to 1992 .
School of Seven Bells ( often stylized as SVIIB ) is an American indie rock band from New York City , formed in 2007 .
Parabelle ( ' para ' meaning ' to resemble ; ' belle ' meaning ' beauty ' in French ) is a rock band that initially formed in 2007 as a side project by Kevin Matisyn , the former lead singer of Evans Blue , and Kenneth Nixon of Framing Hanley .
Joytv was formerly a television system formed in September 2008 , comprising two religious independent stations acquired from Rogers Media by S - VOX .
The story of Triggertrap started in July 2011 , when Haje Jan Kamps started a Kickstarter campaign aiming to raise support for a new type of camera trigger .
In response to the Stockholm Appeal , Jean - Paul David , then Radical Socialist Party deputy mayor of Mantes - la - Jolie and later Secretary General of the Rally of Republican Lefts , created Paix et Liberté in 1950 , to counter the activities of the French Communist Party .
Established in 1950 , Dornbracht is known for offering high quality craftsmanship and design .
The Serbian Radical Party ( SRS ) was formed on 23 February 1991 by the merger of Vojislav Šešelj 's Serbian Chetnik Movement ( SČP ) and the National Radical Party ( NRS ) .
The Nuclear Threat Initiative ( NTI ) is a nonpartisan , nonprofit organization founded in 2001 by Ted Turner and Sam Nunn in the United States , which exists to strengthen global security by reducing the spread of nuclear , biological and chemical weapons , and also to reduce the risk that they will actually be used .
Cermaq was founded as Statkorn Holding when the commercial division of Statens Kornforretning ( now Statens Landbruksforvaltning ) was demerged and made a limited company in 1995 .
It was originally built as a cargo station until the reconstruction of Ningbo Railway Station when Ningbo East Railway Station opened to passengers on 8 September 2010 .
Educational Testing Service ( ETS ) , founded in 1947 , is the world 's largest private nonprofit educational testing and assessment organization .
The Salpa Line Museum ( in Finnish : Salpalinja - museo in Russian : Музей линии `` Салпа '' ) is established and opened in 1987 by the Miehikkälä municipality and the second world war veteran organisations .
Physicians for Life was founded in 1986 , and has produced a series of pro - life brochures , booklets , and digests which are distributed throughout the United States and internationally .
From 25 July 1806 , when the Confederation of the Rhine was founded , the Prince of Liechtenstein was a member , in fact a vassal , of its hegemon , styled protector , the French Emperor Napoleon I , until the dissolution of the confederation on 19 October 1813 .
El Café Chorale belongs to the Costa Rican Choral Institute and was founded in 1994 , established as one of the most distinguished and worthy Choral Ensembles in all the Country .
Gărâna Jazz Festival takes place every year since 1997 in the Gărâna Village ( 150 km by car from Timişoara airport , 20 minutes by car from Reşiţa train station ) .
JMG Academy was established in 2002 following a disagreement between Guillou and ASEC over control of the Academy .
The Alliance of the Presidential Majority ( French : Alliance pour la majorité présidentielle , AMP ) is a political alliance formed by supporters of President - elect Joseph Kabila following the 2006 general elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Pentax K-01 is a mirrorless interchangeable - lens camera announced in February 2012 .
Project Advance ( PA ) was formed in 1972 to provide more challenging options to college - bound junior and senior level students in local Syracuse high schools .
Known colloquially to students as the 7Cs -- or the 5Cs , when referring only to the undergraduate institutions -- the Claremont Colleges were founded in 1925 when the all - graduate Claremont University College ( now Claremont Graduate University ) was established in addition to the older all - undergraduate Pomona College .
The Lebanese British Friends of the National Museum or LBFNM is a private , cultural heritage organization that was founded in London in 1993 with the aim of supporting the National Museum of Beirut .
The Winnipeg Art Gallery ( WAG ) is a public art gallery that was founded in 1912 .
The Halachic Organ Donor Society , also known as the HOD Society , was started in December 2001 by Robert Berman .
The Medical Women 's International Association is a non - governmental organization founded in 1919 with the purpose of representing female physicians worldwide .
Rogers & Wells was a New - York based international law firm founded in 1873 .
After the test broadcast on election day over the internet , May 10 , 2010 , The Inquirer Group acquired the block time ( but ended when Inquirer fully acquire Trans Radio ) of DWRT - AM 990 kHz and changed its call sign to DZIQ , branded as Radyo Inquirer .
The Audi Channel was a digital satellite television channel , launched in the UK in 2005 by the German car company Audi .
Hot Snakes are an American post - hardcore band led by Rick Froberg and John Reis , formed in 1999 in San Diego , California .
In 1892 , the brand Poggenpohl was established as a white lacquer furniture company founded by Freidemir Poggenpohl .
Sun Direct TV was registered on 16 February 2005 .
M3 Motorsport was an Australian motor racing team that competed in Australian touring car racing between 1989 and 2003 .
Adnan Menderes University ( In Turkish : Adnan Menderes Üniversitesi ) was founded in Aydın , Turkey in 1992 .
Pyra Labs was the company that created the Blogger service in 1999 .
What is now WXXV - DT3 began its life on September 21 , 1998 as `` WBGP '' ( standing for The WB GulfPort ) , a cable - only affiliate of The WB through the national WB 100 + service .
It was founded there in 1895 by Hugo Junkers , initially manufacturing boilers and radiators .
The Philadelphia Society for the Preservation of Landmarks ( aka Landmarks ) founded in 1931 , maintains and preserves four historic house museums in the region around Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Asian Community Development Corporation ( ACDC ) is a 501(c)(3 ) community development organization founded in 1987 with a focus on serving the Asian American community of Greater Boston .
From 1961 - 1990 , the winner of Miss Scotland would go on to compete at the Miss Universe pageant , usually held in the summer .
Mo Boma was an ambient music ensemble from Boston , Massachusetts , formed in 1989 by Skúli Sverrisson and Carsten Tiedemann .
The Hongkong and Shanghai Bank was established in Hong Kong in 1865 and was incorporated as The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in 1866 , when Hong Kong had been in those times a colony within the British Empire , and has been based in Hong Kong ( although now as a subsidiary ) ever since .
OLE Nepal has been working since 2007 to use innovations in technology to improve education quality and access in rural public schools in the country with the belief that inexpensive computers are in the long - term the most cost - effective medium for increasing access to education for Nepali children .
Invitation Digital Ltd was set up in 2008 to deliver digital incentive promotions and loyalty schemes across Europe .
Upon This Dawning are an Italian metalcore / post - hardcore band from Brescia , founded in 2006 .
LED Eco Lights was founded in 2006 by directors , Waq Bhatti and Saima Shafi , who had a passion to provide simple , energy - efficient , retrofit solutions to traditional lighting .
BankBoston was a bank based in Boston , Massachusetts , which was created by the 1996 merger of Bank of Boston and BayBank .
In 2002 , the joint venture SAIC - GM - Wuling was formed , with SAIC taking 50.1 % of the shares , GM 34 % , and Wuling Group 15.9 % .
Parada Równości ( Polish , `` Equality Parade '' ) is an LGBT community pride parade held in Warsaw since 2001 , usually in May or June .
De Kift is a Dutch musical ensemble that was formed in 1988 .
Harry Pussy was a noise rock band from Miami , active from 1992 to 1997 .
The Thanthai Periyar Government Institute of Technology ( TPGIT ) ( Tamil : தந்தை பெரியார் அரசு பொறியியற் கல்லூரி ) in Bagayam , Vellore was established in July 1990 and is one of the six Government Engineering colleges fully governed by the Directorate of Technical Education ( DOTE ) of the Government of Tamil Nadu .
Teflon Brothers released their first single `` Matkal kotiin '' in 2006 .
Blue Eyed Devils was a white power music group which emerged from Delaware , United States in 1995 , and played its last show in 2003 .
The New Democratic Forces ( French : Forces démocratiques nouvelles ) was a political party in Congo - Brazzaville from 2007 to 2011 .
Imparja Television is an Australian television network servicing remote eastern and central Australia , that began broadcasting on 2 January 1988 .
Screaming Trees was an American rock band formed in Ellensburg , Washington in 1985 by vocalist Mark Lanegan , guitarist Gary Lee Conner , bass player Van Conner and drummer Mark Pickerel .
Repertorio Español was founded in 1968 by Producer Gilberto Zaldívar and Artistic Director René Buch to introduce the best of Latin American , Spanish , and Hispanic American theater to broad - ranging audiences in New York City and around the country .
Earlier called Batanes airlines , Air Republiq commenced operations in 2011 as an arm of South Phoenix Airlines to cater the Islands of Batanes linking them to different major cities of Luzon .
Prairielands Council ( previously Illiana Council ) is a local council of the Boy Scouts of America formed in 1991 by the merger of Arrowhead and Piankeshaw Councils .
Me First and the Gimme Gimmes ( often shortened to just `` Me First '' or `` The Gimmes '' ) are a punk rock supergroup and cover band that formed in San Francisco in 1995 .
It emerged , in January 1987 , from the split in the Communist Party of Greece ( Interior ) into the Communist Party of Greece ( Interior)-Renewing Left and the Greek Left .
Founded in 2003 , RV Public School started with 70 students , it now has a student strength of over 750 .
The Prodigals is an American punk band that started in 1997 .
Ken Rawlings , the founder of Otis Spunkmeyer , Inc. , opened the first fresh - baked cookie store in Oakland , California in 1977 .
The Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre ( Eesti Muusika- ja Teatriakadeemia ) began in the form of a mixed choir of the Estonia Society Musical Department ( EMD ) on the eve of World War I. The assembly of the Estonia Society created the Tallinn Higher Music School on November 17 , 1918 .
In a 2007 interview , Tom Morello remarked that he formed Axis of Justice with Serj Tankian after witnessing some members of the audience at Ozzfest 2002 promoting racist symbols and imagery .
Venetian Independence ( IV ) was officially founded on 27 May 2012 in Treviso .
In 1995 the Commission for Higher Education made an inspection visit of the project , and later in June 1997 granted a Letter of Interim Authority , giving approval for the establishment of Kenya Methodist University .
EvilleCon started in 2009 as a one - day free anime convention created by Otona no Otaku and Otaku Anonymous anime and manga clubs at the Evansville Central Library .
GKS Górnik 1979 Łęczna was a short - lived fan - owned phoenix club founded in 2011 by Górnik Łęczna fans who were unhappy with the name change to GKS Bogdanka .
The MTV Europe Foundation was established in 2003 by MTV Networks Europe to expand its commitment to social issues and human rights .
In 1994 , the first Jittery Joe 's opened in downtown Athens , Georgia , near the famed 40 Watt Club .
Those Darn Accordions , commonly abbreviated as TDA , are an American accordion band from San Francisco , California , originally formed in 1989 by Linda `` Big Lou '' Seekins .
The University of Vocational Technology ( UNIVOTEC ) Sinhalese : වෘත්තීය තාක්ෂණ විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය , Tamil : வாழ்க்கைத் தொழில்சார் தொழில்நுட்பவியல் பல்கலைக்கழகம் is established by the parliamentary Act No . 31 of 2008 , in 2009 and functions under the purview of the Ministry of Higher Education .
The Global Student Entrepreneur Awards ( GSEA ) is an international competition series established in 1998 which recognizes excellence among student entrepreneurs who own for - profit businesses while attending high - school or college .
Lendakaris Muertos are a punk rock band formed in Pamplona , Spain in 2004 .
Rudy 's Ca n't Fail Cafe opened in 2002 in Emeryville , CA with a second location in Uptown Oakland near the Fox Oakland Theatre since 2011 .
Bahawalpur Zoo ( Urdu : بہاولپور چڑیاگھر‎ ) , established in 1942 , is a 25-acre ( 10 ha ) zoological garden in Bahawalpur , Punjab , Pakistan .
In 1996 , Otologics LLC was founded in Boulder , Colorado by Jose Bedoya .
The Turtle Island Quartet ( known as the `` Turtle Island String Quartet '' before the 2007 release of A Love Supreme : The Legacy of John Coltrane ) is a San Francisco Bay Area based jazz string quartet formed in 1985 and still actively touring worldwide and recording as of 2015 .
Alphawest can trace its roots back to 1986 when Edcom Pty Ltd commenced operations in Perth specialising in sales and support of personal computers .
Bored ! were an Australian punk rock band which formed in Geelong in 1987 .
Metal Heaven is an independent record label based in Altheim , Germany , established in 2004 as a sub - label of AOR Heaven .
The Order of Pope Pius IX ( Italian : Ordine di Pio IX ) , also referred as the Pian Order ( Italian : Ordine Piano ) , is a papal order of knighthood founded on 17 June 1847 by Pope Pius IX . Since November 1993 , it has been granted to women .
The Bad Dog Theatre Company is an improvisational theatre company based in Toronto , Canada , and established in 2003 .
The Economic and Social Data Service ( ESDS ) is a national data archiving and dissemination service that was founded in January 2003 .
SM City Davao , the first SM Mall in the Mindanao region , opened to the public on November 17 , 2001 .
On April 3 , 2012 , Frank Torres , on behalf of a corporation to be incorporated , received approval from the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) to operate CIUX - FM .
Clans of Ireland ( Irish : Finte na hÉireann ) is an independent organisation established in 1989 with the purpose of creating and maintaining a Register of Irish Clans .
Founded in 1953 , Skånes Djurpark is operated as a foundation .
Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the West ( German : Patriotische Europäer gegen die Islamisierung des Abendlandes ) , abbreviated PEGIDA or Pegida , is a right wing movement , founded in Dresden in October 2014 that promotes anti - Muslim political positions .
Air Mauritanie was the national airline of Mauritania from 1962 until it ceased operations in 2007 due to financial difficulties .
Ten Ways ( formerly Ten Ways from Sunday ) is a Canadian progressive rock band formed in Port Coquitlam , British Columbia in 2001 , and based in nearby Coquitlam .
In 1966 AMC went bankrupt and were taken over by Manganese Bronze Holdings which formed Norton - Villiers to oversee operations .
Mattress Giant Corporation was an American retailing company and mattress store chain founded in 1986 in Miami , Florida .
Calico System was formed by group of friends in the fall of 1998 .
Ryder was founded in Miami , Florida in 1933 by James Ryder as a concrete hauling company with one truck , a 1931 Model `` A '' Ford .
Powerwolf is a German power metal band created in 2003 by Charles and Matthew Greywolf .
ZUK Mobile is a Chinese internet smartphone company founded in May 2015 .
The Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers ( ALPO or A.L.P.O. ) is an international scientific and educational organization established in March , 1947 in the United States by Walter H. Haas , and later incorporated in 1990 .
Built by the main Swedish film producer at the time , Svensk Filmindustri , in 1919 - -1920 , Filmstaden was one of the most modern film studios in Europe .
Ahlia University ( AU ) is a private university in Manama , Bahrain , established in 2001 .
The firm was officially founded as Kurt Salmon Associates ( KSA ) in 1935 by Kurt Salmon , a German immigrant from Cologne .
The South Sydney Development Corporation was an agency of the NSW Government operating from 1996 until its abolition in 2005 .
Stage Door Records is a UK - based label founded in 2007 that specializes in cast recordings and vocalist albums from stars of stage and screen .
The Front Deutscher Äpfel ( short F.D.Ä. ; German for Front of German Apples ) , also called Apfelfront ( Apple Front ) is a satirical organisation , founded in Leipzig in 2004 .
Being as an Ocean is an American melodic hardcore band from Alpine , California , formed in 2011 .
The Seattle Chamber Players are a chamber ensemble focused on contemporary music , founded in 1989 in Seattle , Washington , U.S. In January 2004 , the group was awarded the ASCAP / Chamber Music America Award for Adventurous Programming .
Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Ltd. is an electricity company that was incorporated on 15 September 2003 by Gujarat Electricity Board ( GEB ) .
MF Global was the brokerage segment of Man Group until 2007 , when the Man Group decided to split the investment and brokerage businesses so they could each focus on their own markets .
Associação Portuguesa de Desportos , usually called Portuguesa or Lusa , is a sports club , and a Brazilian football team from São Paulo in São Paulo state , founded on August 14 , 1920 by the Portuguese population of the city .
In 2007 , Koester formed Two Dark Birds with drummer Jason Mills and guitarist / singer / engineer Don Piper .
Formed in 2011 , Midhaven comprises Karan Kaul , Shreyas Rane , Abhishek Sawant and Viraj Saxena .
Mission Pictures International was founded in 2008 by entertainment industry veterans Cindy Bond and Chevonne O'Shaughnessy .
KION Group was founded in 2006 by the demerger of The Linde Group 's materials handling equipment operations .
The XBIZ Award for Best Supporting Actress is an award that has been given by sex industry company XBIZ since the award 's inception in 2012 .
The Ovation Awards are a Southern California award for excellence in theatre , established in 1989 .
The Trussell Trust was founded in 1997 , by Paddy and Carol Henderson while working with street children in Bulgaria at Sofia Central Railway Station .
Gabe Baltazar was first playing music at the age of eleven when he was started on the Eb Clarinet , later he would switch to alto saxophone .
Initially the band ' Baby Stafford ' was composed of Stafford on lead guitar and vocals , Paul Roden ( ex-'Wild River Apples ' ) on bass , and fellow former Gun member Scott Shields on drums .
Since 2014 , he has been married to Spanish actress Goya Toledo Craig Ross picked up the guitar at age eight .
Jimmy Byrd ( born James Walker Byrd , November 20 , 1937 ) is an American country music musician known for his distinctive style of `` Chicken Pickin '' guitar playing
Nil Lara ( born 1964 ) is a Cuban - American musician from Miami , Florida who is a singer , guitarist and songwriter , playing the tres , the six - stringed Cuban guitar , and the cuatro , a Venezuelan guitar .
His Old Master pictures , 402 in number , he left to the English nation , but of these the trustees of the National Gallery selected only 44 , which have since been exhibited as the Wynne Ellis collection .
Zheng Yonghui ( simplified Chinese : 郑永慧 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭永慧 ; pinyin : Zhèng Yǒnghuì ; 1918 - 9 September 2012 ) was a Chinese writer ( of Chinese Vietnamese ethnicity ) translator who won the Lu Xun Literary Prize , a prestigious literature award in China .
Diana Poulton ( 18 April 1903 -- 15 December 1995 ) was an English lutenist and musicologist .
Carl Malmsten ( December 7 , 1888 - -August 13,1972 ) was a Swedish furniture designer , architect , and educator who was known for his devotion to traditional Swedish craftmanship ( slöjd ) and his opposition to functionalism .
Gerhard Richter ( German : ( ˈʀɪçtɐ ) ; born 9 February 1932 ) is a German visual artist and one of the pioneers of the New European Painting that emerged in the second half of the twentieth century .
Yitzhak Ben - Aharon ( Hebrew : יצחק בן אהרון‎;17 July 1906 -- 19 May 2006 ) was an Israeli left - wing politician .
Manfred Döring ( born 18 November 1932 ) is a former Major general ( Generalmajor ) with the East German Ministry for State Security ( Stasi ) .
Gauthami Nair is an Indian film actress , who appears in Malayalam language films .
Marin Preda ( Romanian pronunciation : ( maˈrin ˈpreda ) ; 5 August 1922 -- 16 May 1980 ) was a Romanian novelist , one of the best - known post - WWII Romanian writers .
`` In his almost 40 years with Pernod Ricard , Thierry Jacquillat helped transform a French family - run business with 1,100 employees into one of the top world leaders in wines and spirits , with nearly 15,000 employees and a presence in nearly 100 countries ''
Andreas Gotzmann ( born 1960 in Karlsruhe ) is a German historian of Judaism and scholar of religion .
Renato Poggioli ( Florence April 16 , 1907 -- May 3 , 1963 ) , was an Italian academic specializing in comparative literature living in the United States .
José de Acosta ( 1539 or 1540 , Medina del Campo , Spain -- February 15 , 1600 , Salamanca , Spain ) was a sixteenth - century Spanish Jesuit missionary and naturalist in Latin America .
Ludwig Ferdinand Huber ( 14 September 1764 -- 24 December 1804 ) , German author , was born in Paris , the son of Michael Huber ( 1727 - -1804 ) , who did much to promote the study of German literature in France .
Vera Int - Veen ( born September 21 , 1967 in Lank - Latum , Meerbusch ) is a German journalist and television presenter .
Wolfgang Hackbusch ( born 24 October 1948 in Westerstede , Lower Saxony ) is a German mathematician , known for his pioneering research in multigrid methods and later hierarchical matrices , a concept generalizing the fast multipole method .
Eva Margareta Steinby FSA ( born 21 November 1938 ) is a Finnish classical archaeologist .
René Couzinet ( born 20 July 1904 , Saint - Martin - des - Noyers , Vendée , died 16 December 1956 ) was a French aeronautics engineer and aircraft manufacturer .
Ernest Blanc ( November 1 , 1923 -- December 22 , 2010 ) was a French opera singer , one of the leading baritones of his era in France .
José Arlegui ( c. 1686 - 1750 ) was a Spanish Franciscan theologian of the 18th century , from Biscay , who wrote on theological subjects , some of them related to the ethnology of Mexico .
Friedrich Ludwig Zacharias Werner ( November 18 , 1768 -- January 17 , 1823 ) was a German poet , dramatist , and preacher .
Suzanne Chaigneau ( 14 June 1875 -- 13 April 1946 ) was a French violinist and chamber musician , and a noted violin teacher .
Marie - Françoise Roy ( born 28 April 1950 in Paris ) is a French mathematician noted for her work in real algebraic geometry .
Arumugam Mohanasundaram ( 8 February 1928 -- 16 September 2012 ) , popularly known as Loose Mohan , was a Tamil film actor who had acted as a comedian in over 1000 films .
Lars Bo ( May 29 , 1924 -- October 21 , 1999 ) was a Danish artist and writer .
Gustave Émile Haug ( 19 June 1861 - 28 August 1927 ) was a French geologist and paleontologist known for his contribution to the geosyncline theory .
Marc Veyrat ( born 8 May 1950 ) is a French chef from the Haute - Savoie region , who specialises in molecular gastronomy and the use of mountain plants and herbs .
Milan Rastislav Štefánik ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈmilan ˈrascislaw ˈʃcefaːɲik ) ; July 21 , 1880 in Košariská , Austria - Hungary -- May 4 , 1919 in Ivánka pri Dunaji , Czechoslovakia ) was a Slovak politician , diplomat , and astronomer .
Sir Joseph Mawbey , 1st Baronet ( 1730 - -1798 ) was an English distiller and politician , a supporter of John Wilkes .
Maja Lundgren , ( born March 18 , 1965 ) is a Swedish author , literary critic and translator .
Remo Sernagiotto ( born 1 September 1955 , in Montebelluna ) is an Italian politician from Veneto .
Akkineni Nagarjuna ( born 29 August 1959 ) is an Indian film actor , producer and television presenter who works primarily in the Telugu Cinema , and Television .
Elke Schmitter ( born 25 January 1961 , Krefeld , West Germany ) is a German journalist and novelist .
Gergely Berzeviczy berzeviczei és kakaslomniczi ( Hungarian : Berzeviczy Gergely , Slovak : Gregor Berzevici or Gregor Berzeviczy , German : Gregor Berzeviczy ) ( 15 June 1763 -- 23 February 1822 ) was an important political economist in the Kingdom of Hungary , follower of Adam Smith , one of the first political economists in Hungary .
Pilar Rahola i Martínez ( Catalan pronunciation : ( piˈɫa rəˈɔɫə ) ) ( Barcelona , October 21 , 1958 ) is a Spanish journalist , writer , and former politician and MP .
Sir Arthur Smith Woodward , FRS ( 23 May 1864 -- 2 September 1944 ) was an English palaeontologist , known as a world expert in fossil fish .
Jan Dymitr Solikowski ( born 1539 in Sieradz - 27 June 1603 in Lwów , Poland ) was a Polish writer , diplomat , Archbishop of Lwów .
Jesús Hernández Tomás ( 1907 -- 11 January 1971 ) was a Spanish communist leader .
Kazimiera Zawistowska de domo Jasieńska , pseudonym Ira , ( 1870 - -1902 ) was a Polish acclaimed poet and translator .
Gaetano Fichera ( 8 February 1922 -- 1 June 1996 ) was an Italian mathematician , working in mathematical analysis , linear elasticity , partial differential equations and several complex variables .
Nirmal Prabha Bordoloi ( Assamese : নিৰ্মলপ্ৰভা বৰদলৈ ; 1933 - -2003 ) was an eminent Assamese poet , lyricist and folklore from Sibsagar district of Assam .
Henri Jordan ( 30 September 1833 , Berlin -- 10 November 1886 , Konigsberg ) was a German classical scholar who specialized in Roman archaeological topography .
Louise Saumoneau ( 17 December 1875 -- 23 February 1950 ) was a French feminist who later renounced feminism as being irrelevant to the class struggle .
Manouchehr Ganji ( Persian : منوچهر گنجی ) is a human rights activist and a former Minister of Education of Iran ( 1976 - -1979 ) .
Pierre Carniti ( born September 25 , 1936 ) is an Italian politician and trade unionist .
Raymond de Saussure ( French : ( ʁɛmɔ̃ də sosyʁ ) ; 2 August 1894 -- 29 October 1971 ) was a Swiss psychoanalyst , the first president of the European Psychoanalytical Federation .
Giuseppe Carpani ( 28 December 1751 -- 22 January 1825 ) was an Italian man of letters .
Dagmar Hülsenberg ( born Sonneberg 2 December 1940 ) is a German materials scientist and university professor .
Philip Wharton , 1st Duke of Wharton ( 21 December 1698 -- 31 May 1731 ) was a powerful Jacobite politician , was one of the few people in English history , and the first since the 15th century , to have been raised to a Dukedom whilst still a minor and not closely related to the monarch .
Boris Pilnyak ( Russian : Бори́с Пильня́к ) ( October 11 ( O.S. September 29 ) 1894 -- April 21 , 1938 ) was a Russian writer .
Amancio Alcorta ( Spanish ) Historical Dictionary of Argentina .
Grazio Braccioli ( 1682 - -1752 ) was an Italian jurist , poet and librettist .
Fernão Lopes de Castanheda ( Santarém , c. 1500 -- 1559 in Coimbra ) was a Portuguese historian in the early Renaissance .
Debjani Chattopadhyay is a Bengali film actress .
Freddy Quinn ( born Franz Eugen Helmut Manfred Nidl , 27 September 1931 , Niederfladnitz , Austria ) is an Austrian singer and actor whose popularity within the German - speaking world soared in the late 1950s and 1960s .
François Pyrard de Laval ( ca . 1578 -- ca . 1623 ) was a French navigator who is remembered for a personal written account of his adventures in the Maldives Islands from 1602 to 1607 , which was part of a ten - year sojourn ( 1601 - 1611 ) in South Asia , et al .
Hans Jürgen Press ( 1926 - -2002 ) was a German illustrator and writer of children 's books .
Eugen Diederichs ( June 22 , 1867 -- September 10 , 1930 ) was a German publisher born in Löbitz , in the Prussian Province of Saxony .
Axel Eugen Alexander von Oesterreich ( 22 June 1910 -- 6 September 1988 ) , better known as Axel von Ambesser , was a German actor and film director .
Carl Stumpf ( German : ( ʃtʊmpf ) ; 21 April 1848 -- 25 December 1936 ) was a German philosopher and psychologist .
Jan Cybis ( 16 February 1897 - 13 December 1972 ) was a prominent Polish painter and art teacher .
Norodom Monineath was born on 18 June 1936 , in Saigon ( former Prey Nokor ) , Cochinchina , French Indochina ( present day Vietnam ) .
Antoine Petit ( 23 July 1722 -- 21 October 1794 ) was a French physician , master of Joseph - Ignace Guillotin and Félix Vicq d'Azyr .
Sir Richard Atwood Glass ( 1820 -- 22 December 1873 ) was an English telegraph cable manufacturer and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1869 .
Victoria Cirlot Valenzuela ( born 1955 ) is a Spanish scholar of medieval culture and literature , philologist , translator and editor .
Patrick Desbois ( born 1955 , Chalon - sur - Saône ) is a French Roman Catholic priest , head of the Commission for Relations with Judaism of the French Bishops ' Conference and consultant to the Vatican .
Germaine Tillion ( 30 May 1907 -- 18 April 2008 ) was a French ethnologist , best known for her work in Algeria in the 1950s on behalf of the French government .
François Toussaint Gros ( in classical Occitan Francés Totsant Gròs ) was an Occitan - language writer from Provence .
Liang Qichao ( Chinese : 梁啟超 ; Wade -- Giles : Liang Ch'i - ch'ao ; February 23 , 1873 -- January 19 , 1929 ) , courtesy name Zhuoru , pseudonym Rengong , was a Chinese scholar , journalist , philosopher and reformist who lived during the late Qing dynasty and early Republic .
Enzo Biagi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈɛntso ˈbjaːdʒi ) ; 9 August 1920 -- 6 November 2007 ) was an Italian journalist and writer .
Jean - Marc Reiser ( French : ( ʁɛzɛʁ ) ; April 13 , 1941 -- November 5 , 1983 ) was a French comics creator .
Carlos Latre , ( Castellón de la Plana , January 30 , 1979 ) is a Spanish comedian actor .
Ioana Crăciunescu ( born 1950 ) is a Romanian actress and poet .
Carl Ludwig Siegel ( December 31 , 1896 -- April 4 , 1981 ) was a German mathematician specialising in number theory and celestial mechanics .
Mamert Stankiewicz ( January 22 , 1889 -- November 26 , 1939 ) was a Polish naval officer of the merchant marine , the commander of Lwów , SS Polonia and finally the ocean liner MS Piłsudski .
Frederick Joseph Laverack ( 1871 -- 11 April 1928 ) was an English social worker , campaigner for the blind and Liberal Member of Parliament .
Xia Yan ( Chinese : 夏衍 ; pinyin : Xià Yǎn ; Wade -- Giles : Hsia Yen ; 30 October 1900 -- 6 February 1995 ) was a Chinese playwright and screenwriter , and China 's Deputy Minister of Culture between 1954 and 1965 .
Rosa Leveroni i Valls ( 1910 - -1985 ) was a Catalan poet and narrator .
Alois Hába ( June 21 , 1893 -- November 18 , 1973 ) was a Czech composer , musical theorist , and teacher .
Agostino Agazzari ( 2 December 1578 -- 10 April 1640 ) was an Italian composer and music theorist .
Venkat Kumar Gangai Amaren ( born 7 November 1975 ) , better known by his stage name Venkat Prabhu , is an Indian filmmaker , who has worked as an actor , director and playback singer in the Tamil film industry .
Paolo Barelli is an Italian Senator and president of the Italian Swimming Federation , in his youth Barelli was a world class swimmer .
Antonio José de Sucre y Alcalá ( Spanish : ( anˈtonjo xoˈse ðe ˈsukɾe j alkaˈla ) ; 1795 - -1830 ) , known as the `` Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho '' ( English : `` Grand Marshal of Ayacucho '' ) , was a Venezuelan independence leader .
Friar Andrés de Urdaneta , O.S.A. , ( November 30 , 1498 -- June 3 , 1568 ) was a Spanish Basque circumnavigator , explorer and Augustinian friar .
Lucy Diamond ' is an English author of chick lit novels .
Raúl Cancio ( September 18 , 1911 -- October 23 , 1961 ) was a Spanish film actor , screenwriter and film director .
Titu Cusi is the `` narrator '' and source of An Inca Account of the Conquest of Peru , a firsthand account of the Spanish invasion , narrated by him in 1570 to a Spanish missionary , Fray Marcos Garcia and transcribed by a Martin Pando , his mestizo assistant .
Enrique García - Máiquez ( Murcia , 1969 -but always living in El Puerto de Santa María ) is a Spanish poet : so far he has published four poetry books .
Liang Sicheng ( Chinese : 梁思成 ; 20 April 1901 -- 9 January 1972 ) was a Chinese architect and scholar often known as the `` father '' of modern Chinese architecture .
Arnaldo Mussolini ( January 11 , 1885 -- December 21 , 1931 ) was an Italian journalist and politician .
Victor Koulbak ( born 12 March 1946 in Moscow ) is a French painter of Russian origin .
Mohit Chadda is an Indian film actor , who has appeared in Hindi , Telugu and Tamil films .
Anton Hansen Tammsaare ( also known as A. H. Tammsaare ; born Anton Hansen 30 January 1878 -- 1 March 1940 ) , was an Estonian writer whose pentalogy Truth and Justice ( Tõde ja õigus ; 1926 - -1933 ) is considered one of the major works of Estonian literature and `` The Estonian Novel '' .
Samuel Pasfield Oliver ( 1838 - -1907 ) was an English artillery officer , geographer and antiquary .
Jerzy Żuławski ( Polish : ( ˈjɛʐɨ ʐuˈwafski ) ; 14 July 1874 -- 9 August 1915 ) was a Polish literary figure , philosopher , translator , alpinist and nationalist whose best - known work is the science - fiction epic , Trylogia Księżycowa ( The Lunar Trilogy ) , written between 1901 and 1911 .
Adelaida García Morales ( born Badajoz , Spain 1945 - died Dos Hermanas , Spain , 22 September 2014 ) was a Spanish writer .
( English / Italian ) Anthony McCall :
Jutta Bauer ( born 9 January 1955 ) is a German writer and illustrator of children 's books .
Sir Robert Stickney Blaine ( 30 January 1816 -- 15 December 1897 ) was a leading Conservative politician in the English City of Bath , who was mainly involved in local politics , but sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1886 .
Mykolas Biržiška ( listen ; 24 August 1882 in Viekšniai -- 24 August 1962 in Los Angeles ) , a Lithuanian editor , historian , professor of literature , diplomat , and politician , was one of the twenty signatories of the Act of Independence of Lithuania .
Chandradhar Barua ( Assamese : চন্দ্ৰধৰ বৰুৱা ) ( 15 October 1874 -- 26 October 1961 ) was an eminent writer , poet , dramatist & lyricist from Assam of Jonaki Era , the age of romanticism of Assamese literature .
Yannick Jadot ( born July 27 , 1967 in Clacy - et - Thierret , Aisne ) is a French environmentalist and Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election for the West France constituency .
Thomas Creevey ( March 1768 -- February 5 , 1838 ) was an English politician who is known for his papers , which were published in 1903 .
Didacus Ximenes ( died 1560 ) was a Spanish Dominican of the sixteenth century , noted as a theologian , philosopher , and astronomer .
Thomas Kitchin ( or Thomas Kitchen ) ( 1718 - -1784 ) was an English engraver and cartographer , who became hydrographer to the king .
Uwe Topper ( born 1940 ) is a German amateur researcher and author of books about historic , ethnographic and anthropological subjects .
Mercedes Bunz ( born November 16 , 1971 in Magdeburg ) is a German art historian , philosopher and journalist .
Yusuf al - Qaradawi ( Arabic : يوسف القرضاوي Yūsuf al - Qaraḍāwī‎ ; or Yusuf al - Qardawi ; born 9 September 1926 ) is an Egyptian Islamic theologian based in Doha , Qatar , and chairman of the International Union of Muslim Scholars .
Louis - Sébastien Le Nain de Tillemont ( 30 November 1637 -- 10 January 1698 ) was a French ecclesiastical historian .
Zeenat Aman ( born 1951 in Bombay ) is an Indian actress , model and beauty queen best known for her work in Hindi films during the 1970s and 80 's .
Francis Perrin ( 17 August 1901 -- 4 July 1992 ) was a French physicist , the son of Nobel prize - winning physicist Jean Perrin .
Jean - Yves Bosseur ( born in Paris , 5 February 1947 ) is a French composer and writer .
Joachim von Sandrart ( 12 May 1606 -- 14 October 1688 ) was a German Baroque art - historian and painter , active in Amsterdam during the Dutch Golden Age .
Pedro Estala ( 1757 - -1815 ) was a Spanish hellenist , philologist , writer , translator , literary critic , and literary editor .
Karl Hermann Frank ( 24 January 1898 -- 22 May 1946 ) was a prominent Sudeten German Nazi official in Czechoslovakia prior to and during World War II and an SS - Obergruppenführer .
Ernest Fourneau ( 1872 - -1949 ) was a French medicinal chemist who played a major role in the discovery of synthetic local anesthetics , as well as in the synthesis of suramin .
Johann Peter Melchior ( March 8 , 1747 -- June 13 , 1825 ) was a German porcelain modeller .
Květa Legátová , born Věra Hofmanová ( November 3 , 1919 -- December 22 , 2012 ) was a Czech novelist and writer whose work spanned a period from the 1950s to the 2000s .
Henri Coquand ( 1813 , Aix - en - Provence -- 1881 , Marseille ) was a French geologist and paleontologist .
Piotr Waglowski ( born 17 May 1974 , Warsaw ) , known online as VaGla , is a Polish lawyer , poet , publicist and webmaster , open government activist , researcher of communication processes in the paradigm of social constructionism .
Jean - Michel Thierry de Crussol ( 1916 - -2011 ) was a French physician and art historian .
Paul Souriau ( 1852 - -1926 ) was a French philosopher known for his works on invention theory and aesthetics .
Johann Georg Gmelin ( 8 August 1709 -- 20 May 1755 ) was a German naturalist , botanist and geographer .
Baba Punhan , born Atababa Seyidali oglu Madatzadeh ( Azerbaijani : Baba Pünhan ) , ( 5 November 1948 , Baku -- 17 April 2004 , Baku , Azerbaijan ) , was an Azerbaijani poet .
Bernardino Luini ( c. 1480/82 -- June 1532 ) was a North Italian painter from Leonardo 's circle .
Jean - Jacques Grunenwald ( 2 February 1911 - -19 December 1982 ) , was a French organist , composer , architect , and pedagogue .
Geoffroy de Lagasnerie , born in 1981 , is a French philosopher and sociologist .
Santiago José García Mazo ( 1768 - -1849 ) was a Spanish rhetorician , pedagogue and writer .
Henry Warburton ( 12 November 1784 -- 16 September 1858 ) was an English merchant and politician , and also an enthusiastic amateur scientist .
Julià de Jòdar i Muñoz ( Badalona , 28 December 1942 ) , is a Catalan writer .
Gustav von Wangenheim ( February 18 , 1895 -- August 5 , 1975 ) was a German actor , screenwriter and director .
Walter Höllerer ( December 19 , 1922 -- May 20 , 2003 ) was a German writer , literary critic and a literature graduate .
Melchior Lengyel ( 12 January 1880 -- 23 October 1974 ) was a Hungarian writer , dramatist , and film screenwriter .
Jesús Ferrero is a Spanish writer born in 1952 in the Spanish province of Zamora .
Helke Sander ( born January 31 , 1937 in Berlin ) is a German feminist film director and writer .
Sunao Matsumoto ( October 24 , 1969 -- July 15 , 2004 ) , known professionally as Sunao Yoshida ( 吉田直 Yoshida Sunao ) , was a Japanese novelist .
Olivier Ledroit is a French comic book artist , perhaps best known for his work on the Black Moon Chronicles series .
José Gonzalvo Falcón ( 16 January 1920 -- 31 May 1978 ) , sometimes referred to as Gonzalvo II or --especially as of late-- by the Catalan rendition of his given name Josep Gonzalvo , was a former Spanish Catalan footballer and manager .
Francisco Fernández Carvajal or Francis Fernandez ( Granada , 1938 ) is a Spanish Roman Catholic priest in the Opus Dei Prelature and author of several books .
Thomas W. Gaehtgens ( born June 24 , 1940 in Leipzig ) is a German art historian with special interest in French and German art and art history from the 18th to the 20th century .
Stanisław Mikołajczyk ( 18 July 1901 -- 13 December 1966 ; ( staˈɲiswav mikɔˈwajt͡ʂɨk ) ) was a Polish politician .
Miss Kumari ( 1932 - -1969 ) was a Malayalam film actress of the early years of 1940 - -1960s .
Gustav von Struensee ( 13 December 1803 , Greifenberg in Pommern -- 29 September 1875 . Breslau ) was a German writer .
Theodor Kjerulf ( 30 March 1825 -- 25 October 1888 ) was a Norwegian geologist and poet .
Jean de Hautefeuille ( 20 March 1647 - -18 October 1724 ) was a French abbé , physicist and inventor .
Maryam Jafari Azarmani ( or Azarmâni , Aazarmaani ) ( Persian : مریم جعفری آذرمانی ) , is a poet , literary critic , and translator .
Bozhidar Dimitrov Stoyanov ( Bulgarian : Божидар Димитров Стоянов , born 3 December 1945 ) is a Bulgarian historian working in the sphere of Medieval Bulgarian history , the Ottoman rule of Bulgaria and the Macedonian Question .
Giovanni Battista Vitali ( 18 February 1632 -- 12 October 1692 ) was an Italian composer and violone player .
Édouard Leclerc ( 20 November 1926 -- 17 September 2012 ) was a French businessman and entrepreneur who founded the French supermarket chain E.Leclerc in 1948 .
Krass Clement Kay Christensen ( born 15 March 1946 ) is a Danish photographer who has specialized in documentary work .
Shahidun Nessa Rahman ( Bengali : শহীদুন নেসসা রহমান ; née Karim Bengali : করিম ; born 14 December 1971 ) , commonly known by her pseudonym Shahida Rahman , is an award - winning English author and writer .
Niels Ditlev Riegels ( also Riegelsen ) ( 1755 -- 24 August 1802 ) was a Danish historian , journalist and pamphleteer .
Alfredo Kindelán y Duany ( born 13 March 1879 in Santiago de Cuba - died 14 December 1962 in Madrid ) was a Spanish general and politician .
Claudius Claudianus , usually known in English as Claudian ( /ˈklɔːdiən/ ; c. 370 -- c. 404 AD ) , was a Latin poet associated with the court of the emperor Honorius at Mediolanum ( Milan ) , and particularly with the general Stilicho .
Peter Schössow ( born 1953 in Hamburg ) is a German illustrator and author of children 's books .
Solomon ibn Verga ( or Salomón ben Verga , c. 1460 -- 1554 ) ( Hebrew : שלמה אבן וירגה ) was a Spanish historian and physician , and author of the Shevet Yehudah ( Hebrew : שבט יהודה - `` Scepter of Judah '' ) .
Bohumila Grögerová ( August 7 , 1921 -- August 22 , 2014 ) was a Czech and Czechoslovak poet , experimental poet , and translator .
August Gottlieb Meißner ( 3 November 1753 -- 18 February 1807 ) was a German writer of the Enlightenment and is considered the founder of the German detective story .
Roc Llop i Convalia ( Miravet , December 31 , 1908 -- Paris , August 15 , 1997 ) was a Catalan anarchist , teacher and poet .
Daniel Tilenus ( also Tilenius ) ( 1563 - -1633 ) was a German - French Protestant theologian .
Erhard Scheibe ( 24 September 1927 -- 7 January 2010 ) was a German philosopher of science .
Sergio Garavini ( 8 April 1927 -- 7 September 2001 ) was an Italian politician , writer and trade unionist .
Titus Ullrich ( 22 August 1813 -- 17 December 1891 ) was a German poet , dramatist , art critic and literary critic from the County of Kladsko .
José María Usandizaga ( 1887 - -1915 ) was a Spanish Basque composer .
Sir Philip Christopher Ondaatje /ɒnˈdɑːtʃiː/ , OC , CBE ( born 22 February 1933 ) is a Sri Lankan born Canadian - English businessman , philanthropist , adventurer , writer and bob - sledding Olympian for Canada .
Karin Kiwus ( born 9 November 1942 ) is a German poet from Berlin .
Camillo Federici ( 9 April 1749 -- 23 December 1802 ) was an Italian dramatist and actor .
Daniel Mangrané ( 8 March 1910 -- 27 December 1985 ) was a Spanish film producer , screenwriter and film director .
Juan Martínez de Ripalda ( b. at Pamplona , Navarre , 1594 ; d. at Madrid , 26 April 1648 ) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian .
Augusto Murri ( 8 September 1841 , Fermo , Marche - 11 November 1932 ) was an Italian physician .
Jean - Philippe Lauer ( May 7 , 1902 -- May 15 , 2001 ) , was a French architect and Egyptologist .
Stanisław Szenic ( 13 January 1904 , Pakość - 28 November 1987 , Warsaw ) was a Polish lawyer and writer .
Dwijendralal Ray ( Bengali : দ্বিজেন্দ্রলাল রায় ; 19 July 1863 -- 17 May 1913 ) , also known as D. L. Ray ( Bengali : ডি. এল . রায় ) , was a Bengali poet , playwright , and musician .
León de Arroyal ( Gandia , Valencia , 11 April 1755 -- Vara de Rey , Cuenca , 1813 ) was a Spanish intellectual , poet , and writer , associated with the Salamanca school of eighteenth century literature .
Sir John Betjeman , CBE ( /ˈbɛtʃəmən/ ; 28 August 1906 -- 19 May 1984 ) was an English poet , writer , and broadcaster who described himself in Who 's Who as a `` poet and hack '' .
Dolors Monserdà i Vidal ( née , Dolors Moncerdà i Vidal ; also known as , Dolors Monserdà de Macià ; Barcelona , 1845 - 1919 ) was a Spanish writer , poet , storyteller , playwright , essayist , and columnist of Catalan descent .
Alex Levac ( Hebrew : אלכס ליבק , born 1944 , Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli photojournalist and street photographer .
Manu Chao ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmanu ˈtʃao ) ; born José - Manuel Thomas Arthur Chao ; June 21 , 1961 ) is a French - born musician of Spanish origin .
Kate Thornton is an English journalist and television presenter , best known as the first presenter of The X Factor ( 2004 - -2006 ) and for presenting daytime shows including Loose Women ( 2009 - -2011 ) and This Morning ( 2009 - -2012 ) .
Axel Danielsson ( 15 December 1863 -- 30 December 1899 ) was a Swedish socialist agitator , journalist and writer , born in Värmland .
Niall Binns ( London , 1965 ) is a British poet who lives in Spain and writes in Spanish .
Jules Benoit - Lévy ( Paris February 27 , 1866 , Nogent - sur - Marne March 14 , 1952 ) was a French painter and printmaker .
Johann Gottlob Harrer ( 1703 -- 9 July 1755 ) was a German composer and choir leader .
Matija Čop ( pronounced ( maˈtiːja ˈtʃɔp ) ; 26 January 1797 -- 6 July 1835 ) , also known in German as Matthias Tschop , was a Slovene linguist , literary historian and critic .
Charles - Edmond Perrin ( 18 October 1887 -- 13 February 1974 ) was a French medieval historian , a professor at the University of Strasbourg and then the Sorbonne , and a member of the Académie des inscriptions et belles - lettres , of which he became president .
Jean - Baptiste - Louis - Théodore de Tschudi , or Tschudy ( 16 August 1734 -- 7 March 1784 ) was a French botanist and poet .
Yossi Melman ( Hebrew : יוסי מלמן ) is an Israeli writer and journalist .
Wolfgang Gockel ( 21 November 1945 -- 3 March 2005 ) was a German archaeologist , best known for his efforts at deciphering the Mayan hieroglyphs .
Jean - Baptiste Troppmann was a French spree killer born in 1848 and executed on January 19 , 1870 .
Anna Paola Concia ( born 4 July 1963 ; Avezzano ) is an Italian politician and gay rights activist .
Gummadi Venkateswara Rao ( 9 July 1928 -- 26 January 2010 ) , widely known as Gummadi , was an Indian film actor and producer , known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema and a few Tamil films .
Louise Moillon ( 1610 - -1696 ) was a French painter in the Baroque era .
Théodore Aubanel ( Occitan : Teodòr Aubanèu ) ( March 26 , 1829 -- November 2 , 1886 ) was a Provençal poet .
Johann Andreas Herbst ( baptized June 9 , 1588 -- January 24 , 1666 ) was a German composer and music theorist of the early Baroque era .
Beniamino Facchinelli ( c. 1829 -- c. 1897 ) was an Italian photographer working in Cairo , Egypt during the late 19th century .
Henri François Marion ( 1846 - -1896 ) was a French philosopher and educationalist .
Per Daniel Amadeus Atterbom ( 19 January 1790 in Åsbo , Östergötland -- 21 July 1855 ) was a Swedish romantic poet , and a member of the Swedish Academy .
Rolf Hammerschmidt is a German director and producer of gay pornographic films .
Samuel Daniel Broughton ( 1787 - -1837 ) was an English army surgeon .
Anne Robert Jacques Turgot , Baron de l'Aulne ( 10 May 1727 -- 18 March 1781 ) , commonly known as Turgot , was a French economist and statesman .
Carlo Jachino ( 1887 - -1971 ) was a prominent Italian composer of the 20th century .
Louis Marie Fontan ( November 4 , 1801 - October 10 , 1839 ) , French man of letters , was born at Lorient .
Professor Sahib Singh ( Punjabi : ਪ੍ਰੋ. ਸਾਹਿਬ ਸਿੰਘ , Hindi : प्रोफ़ेसर साहिब सिंह ; 16 February 1892 -- 29 October 1977 ) was a Sikh academic who made a contribution to Sikh literature .
Étienne Ozi ( 9 December 1754 -- 5 October 1813 ) was a French bassoonist and composer .
Marie Ennemond Camille Jordan ( 5 January 1838 -- 22 January 1922 ) was a French mathematician , known both for his foundational work in group theory and for his influential Cours d'analyse .
Pedro Antonio Olañeta ( Elgueta , Gipuzkoa , Spain , 1770 - Tumusla ( Potosí Department ) , Bolivia , April 2 , 1825 ) was a Royalist commander in the army of the Spanish Empire who fought the against the South American insurgency led by Simón Bolívar .
Mohammed Amin al - Husseini ( Arabic : محمد أمين الحسيني‎ ; c. 1897 -- 4 July 1974 ) was a Palestinian Arab nationalist and Muslim leader in Mandatory Palestine .
Patrick Demarchelier ( French pronunciation : ​(pat.ʁik de.maɾ.ʃə.lje ) ; born 21 August 1943 ) is a French fashion photographer .
John Blanch ( c.1649 - 1725 ) , of Wotton Court , near Gloucester and Eastington , Gloucestershire , was an English politician .
Michel Spanneut ( Steenvoorde 6 November 1919 - 28 April 2004 Lomme ) was a French priest and patristics scholar .
Marshal Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco Portuguese pronunciation : ( ũbɛʁtu dʒi alẽkaʁ kastɛlu bɾɐku ) ( 20 September 1897 -- 18 July 1967 ) was a Brazilian military leader and politician .
Qigang Chen ( Chinese : 陈其钢 ; pinyin : Chén Qígāng , pronounced ( tʂʰə̌n t͡ɕǐkɑ́ŋ ) ) is a composer of Chinese origin born in 1951 in Shanghai .
Dr. Steven H. Kaplan is a professor of English and former chancellor who has served as president of the University of New Haven since 2004 .
Lucien Lévy - Bruhl ( 10 April 1857 -- 13 March 1939 ) was a French scholar trained in philosophy , who made contributions to the budding fields of sociology and ethnology .
Niccolò de ' Niccoli ( 1364 -- 22 January 1437 ) was an Italian Renaissance humanist .
John Atkinson Hobson ( commonly known as John A. Hobson or J. A. Hobson ; 6 July 1858 -- 1 April 1940 ) , was an English economist , social scientist and critic of imperialism , widely popular as a lecturer and writer .
Bernard Pyne Grenfell ( 16 December 1869 -- 18 May 1926 ) was an English scientist and Egyptologist , born in Birmingham .
Carl Heinrich Edmund von Berg ( 30 November 1800 , Göttingen -- 20 June 1874 , Schandau ) was a German forestry scientist .
Dame Margot Fonteyn de Arias , DBE ( 18 May 1919 -- 21 February 1991 ) , was an English ballerina .
Marco Fedi ( born 1958 in Ascoli Piceno , Italy ) , emigrated to Australia in 1983 , is an Italian politician representing Italians living abroad .
van der Kolk came up with a new project called Loona ( leaned on the Spanish word `` luna '' for `` moon '' ) , also produced by DJ Sammy .
Sonia Molanes Costa ( born May 28 , 1980 in Cangas de Morrazo ) is a Spanish sprint canoer who has competed since the early 2000s .
Louis Léon Théodore Gosselin ( 7 October 1855 , Richemont , Moselle -- 7 February 1935 ) was a French historian and playwright who wrote under the pen name G. Lenotre .
Noreena Hertz ( born 24 September 1967 ) is an English academic , economist and author .
Shamili , better known as Baby Shamili , is an Indian actress , who has worked in Malayalam , Tamil , Kannada and Telugu films .
Frederic Dannay , without much involvement from Lee , was founding and directing editor of Ellery Queen 's Mystery Magazine , generally considered one of the most influential English - language crime fiction magazines of the last sixty - five years .
David Elias Heidenreich ( 21 January 1638 -- 6 June 1688 ) was a German poet , dramatist , librettist and translator of the Baroque era .
Leonid Martynov ( Леонид Николаевич Мартынов ) ( 1905 in Omsk -- 1980 ) was a Russian poet .
Galsan Tschinag ( Чинаагийн Галсан ) , born Irgit Shynykbai - oglu Dshurukuwaa ( * 26 December 1944 in Bayan - Ölgii Province , Mongolia ) is a Mongolian writer of novels , poems , and essays in the German language , though he hails from a Tuvan background .
Paul Brett ( born 20 June 1947 , Fulham , London ) is an English classic rock guitarist .
Martin Noth ( 3 August 1902 -- 30 May 1968 ) was a German scholar of the Hebrew Bible who specialized in the pre - Exilic history of the Hebrews .
Eusebio Bardají y Azara ( Graus , Spain , 19 December 1776 -- Huete , Spain , 7 March 1842 ) was a Spanish politician and diplomat who served as Prime Minister of Spain in 1837 and held other offices such as Minister of State .
Arunima Ghosh ( Bengali : অরুণিমা ঘোষ ) is a Bengali film and television actress .
Adolf Wahrmund ( 10 June 1827 -- 15 May 1913 ) was an Austrian - German orientalist .
Christian August Brandis ( February 13 , 1790 -- July 21 , 1867 ) was a German philologist and historian of philosophy .
Cristoforo de Predis ( 1440 - 1486 ) , was an Italian miniaturist and illuminator .
Walter Henry Medhurst ( 29 April 1796 -- 24 January 1857 ) , was an English Congregationalist missionary to China , born in London and educated at St Paul 's School .
Barry Miles , or `` Miles '' ( born 1943 , Cirencester , England ) , is an English author known for his participation in and writing on the subjects of the 1960s London underground and counterculture .
Leonardo Sinisgalli ( 1908 - -1981 ) was an Italian poet and art critic active from the 1930s to the 1970s .
Larissa Vassilian ( born June 17 , 1976 ) is a German journalist of German - Armenian descent .
Vardges Petrosyan ( Armenian : Վարդգես Պետրոսյան ) ( August 9 , 1932 -- April 15 , 1994 ) was an Armenian writer of fiction and drama .
Torolf Elster ( 27 May 1911 -- 4 November 2006 ) was a Norwegian newspaper and radio journalist , magazine editor , novelist , crime writer and writer of short stories .
Lekha Washington is an Indian origin film actress and product designer , who has appeared in Tamil , Hindi , Telugu and Kannada language films .
Marie Duplessis ( 15 January 1824 -- 3 February 1847 ) was a French courtesan and mistress to a number of prominent and wealthy men .
Xavier Coppolani was a French military and colonial leader , who was instrumental in the colonial occupation and creation of modern - day Mauritania .
Sem Benelli ( August 10 , 1877 -- December 18 , 1949 ) was an Italian playwright , essayist and librettist .
José Luis Cantero Rada ( August 20 , 1937 -- June 19 , 2007 ) , known professionally as El Fary , was a Spanish singer and actor .
Anna Cecilia Malmström ( born 15 May 1968 ) is a Swedish politician who has served as European Commissioner for Trade since 2014 , having previously served as European Commissioner for Home Affairs from 2010 to 2014 .
Hakim Rawther , known mononymously as Hakim , was an Indian actor and film maker in Malayalam cinema .
Joan Roís de Corella ( Valencian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈan roˈiz ðe koˈɾeʎa ) ) ( Gandia or Valencia , 1435 -- Valencia , 1497 ) was a Catalan - language writer from the Kingdom of Valencia .
Alberto Franceschini ( born 26 October 1947 ) is an Italian former terrorist , a founder and leading member of the Italian left - wing militant organization , the Red Brigades ( Brigate Rosse ) , along with Renato Curcio , Margherita Cagol and Mario Moretti .
Joan Alcover i Maspons ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈan əɫkoˈve ) ) ( 1854 - -1926 ) was a Spanish Balearic writer , poet , essayist and politician .
John Scudamore , 1st Viscount Scudamore ( 22 March 1601 -- 19 May 1671 ) was an English diplomat and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1629 .
Leo Königsberger ( 15 October 1837 -- 15 December 1921 ) was a German mathematician , and historian of science .
François - Xavier - Joseph Droz ( French pronunciation : ​(dro ) ; 31 December 1773 -- 9 November 1850 ) was a French writer on ethics , political science and political economy .
Väinö Linna ( pronunciation ) ( 20 December 1920 -- 21 April 1992 ) was a Finnish author .
Otto Kern ( February 14 , 1863 in Schulpforte ( now part of Bad Kösen ) -- January 31 , 1942 in Halle an der Saale ) was a German philologist , archaeologist and epigraphist .
Joan Phipson was born in Warrawee , New South Wales , on 16 November 1912 , to English parents .
Pierre David - Weill ( March 8 , 1900 - January 14 , 1975 ) was a French investment banker .
Christine Brooke - Rose was born in Geneva , Switzerland to an English father and American - Swiss mother .
Tsukioka Yoshitoshi ( Japanese : 月岡 芳年 ; also named Taiso Yoshitoshi 大蘇 芳年 ; 30 April 1839 -- 9 June 1892 ) was a Japanese artist .
José de Viera y Clavijo ( December 28 , 1731 -- 1813 ) , was a Spanish ecclesiastic , historian , botanist , ethnographer , and professor , best known for his exhaustive History of the Canary Islands ( Historia de Canarias ) .
Dorothea Friderika Aemilia von Berlepsch ( née von Oppel ; 26 November 1755 -- 27 July 1830 ) , known as Emilie von Berlepsch , was a German traveller and author .
George Ewart Bean ( 1903 -- 7 December 1977 ) was an English archaeologist and writer who specialized in classical Turkey .
Stan Borys or Stanisław Guzek ( was born September 3 , 1941 in Załęże ( now a district of Rzeszów ) ) is a Polish singer - songwriter , actor , director and poet .
Otomar Krejča ( November 23 , 1921 - November 6 , 2009 ) was a Czech theater director and dissident .
Augustin Chaho in French or Agosti Xaho in Basque was an important Romantic Basque writer .
Leonello Rabatti ( born 7 November 1960 Reggello , Italy ) is an Italian poet and critic .
Vespasiano Bignami ( 1841 -- 1929 ) was Italian painter , art critic , and caricaturist .
Georges Guibourg ( June 3 , 1891 -- January 8 , 1970 ) was a French singer , author , writer , playwright , and actor , George Guibourg , alias Georgius , alias Theodore Crapulet , was one of the most popular and versatile performers in Paris for more than 50 years .
Juana Judith Bustos Ahuite ( born 22 November 1945 in Constancia , Loreto Region , Perú ) is best known as La Tigresa del Oriente ( lit . Spanish for The Eastern Tigress , the `` east '' being the Peruvian Amazon ) is a singer , hairdresser and makeup artist .
Ernst Wilhelm Wolf ( baptised 25 February 1735 -- 29 or 30 November 1792 ) was a German composer .
Victor Vasarely ( French : ( viktɔʁ vazaʁəli ) ; Hungarian : ( ˈviktor ˈvɒzɒrɛlːi ) ; born Vásárhelyi Győző ( ˈvaːʃaːrhɛji ˈɟøːzøː ) ; 9 April 1906 -- 15 March 1997 ) , was a Hungarian--
Emanuel Lasker ( December 24 , 1868 -- January 11 , 1941 ) was a German chess player , mathematician , and philosopher who was World Chess Champion for 27 years ( from 1894 to 1921 ) .
Stéphane Brizé ( born 18 October 1966 ) is a French film director , producer , screenwriter and actor .
Luis Ricardo Falero ( 1851 -- December 7 , 1896 ) , Duke of Labranzano , was a Spanish painter .
Irina Ionesco ( born September 3 , 1930 ) is a French photographer born in Paris , France .
Cresconius Africanus ( Crisconius ) was a Latin canon lawyer , of uncertain date and place .
Alonso de Montúfar y Bravo de Lagunas , O.P. , was a Spanish Dominican friar and prelate of the Catholic Church , who ruled as the second Archbishop of Mexico from 1551 to his death in 1572 .
Antònia Vicens i Picornell ( born , Santanyí , Balearic Islands , 1941 ) is a Spanish writer in the Catalan language .
Georg Friedrich Creuzer ( German : ( ˈkʀɔɪtsɐ ) ; 10 March 1771 -- 6 February 1858 ) was a German philologist and archaeologist .
Peter Christen Asbjørnsen ( 15 January 1812 -- 6 January 1885 ) was a Norwegian writer and scholar .
José Luis Alcaine ( born 26 December 1938 ) is a Spanish born cinematographer .
José Bono Martínez ( born December 14 , 1950 ) is a Spanish politician , born in Salobre , Albacete .
Franz Gehring ( December 7 , 1838 -- January 4 , 1884 ) was a German writer on music .
Wladimir Troubetzkoy ( 10 October 1942 -- 2 June 2009 ) was a French literary historian of Polish - Belarusian - Russian origin .
Born 1944 in Eberswalde , Province of Brandenburg , Candida Höfer is a daughter of the German journalist Werner Höfer .
Ludwig Marum ( 1885 - -1934 ) was a Jewish German politician , an early victim of the Nazi Party after it came to power in 1933 .
José de Anchieta y Díaz de Clavijo , S.J. ( 19 March 1534 -- 9 June 1597 ) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary to the Portuguese colony of Brazil in the second half of the 16th century .
Pierre - Paul Grassé ( November 27 , 1895 , Périgueux ( Dordogne ) -- July 9 , 1985 ) was a French zoologist , author of over 300 publications including the influential 52-volume Traité de Zoologie .
Zabelle C. Boyajian ( Armenian : Զապել Պոյաճեան ) ( 1873 -- January 26 , 1957 ) was an Ottoman Armenian painter , writer , and translator , who lived most of her life in London .
Johann Christian Poggendorff ( 29 December 1796 -- 24 January 1877 ) , was a German physicist born in Hamburg .
Mariano de la Paz Graëlls y de la Aguera ( 1809 -- 1898 ) was a Spanish entomologist notable for pioneering work on the insects of corpses .
Ivon Hitchens ( 3 March 1893 -- 29 August 1979 ) was an English painter who started exhibiting during the 1920s .
Elvira Dones is an Albanian novelist , screenwriter , and documentary film producer .
Hanns Zischler ( born 18 June 1947 ) is a German actor most famous in America for his portrayal of Hans in Steven Spielberg 's film Munich .
Mahendra Bhatnagar ( Hindi : महेंद्र भटनागर ( Devanagari ) ; born 26 June 1926 ) is a Hindi and Indian English poet from India .
Danilo Eccher ( Tione , Italy , June 27 , 1953 ) is an Italian art critic and curator .
Gopinath Kaviraj ( महामहोपाध्याय श्री गोपीनाथ कविराज ) ( 7 September 1887 -- 12 June 1976 ) was a Sanskrit - Tantra scholar , Indologist and philosopher .
Miguel Muñoz Mozún ( 19 January 1922 -- 16 July 1990 ) was a Spanish football player and manager .
Julius Stettenheim ( born 3 December 1831 in Hamburg , d. 30 October 1916 in Lichterfelde ) was a German writer , author of humorous sketches , farces and musical comedies , who also wrote under the pseudonym `` Wippchen '' .
Shlomo Zemach ( Hebrew : שלמה צמח‎ ; born 2 June 1887 , died 6 November 1974 ) was an Israeli author , agriculturalist and early Zionist pioneer .
Said Akl ( Arabic : سعيد عقل‎ , saʿīd ʿaql , also transliterated Saïd Akl , Said Aql and Saeed Akl ; 4 July 1911 or 1912 -- 28 November 2014 ) was a Lebanese poet , philosopher , writer , playwrighter and language reformer .
Antonio del Real is a Spanish film director , actor and screenwriter .
Arno Surminski ( born 20 August 1934 in Jäglack , East Prussia ) is a German writer , living in Hamburg , and a father of two .
Mehdi Ben Barka ( 1920 -- disappeared October 29 , 1965 ; Arabic : المهدي بن بركة‎ ) was a Moroccan politician , head of the left - wing National Union of Popular Forces ( UNPF ) and secretary of the Tricontinental Conference .
Géza Szőcs ( born 21 August 1953 ) is an ethnic Hungarian poet and politician from Transylvania , Romania , who served as Secretary of State for Culture of the Ministry of National Resources in Hungary from 2 June 2010 to 13 June 2012 .
Albert Szirmai ( also Albert Sirmay ) ( 2 July 1880 --15 January 1967 ) was a Hungarian operetta composer .
Sun Myung Moon ( Korean 문선명 Mun Seon - myeong ; born Mun Yong - myeong ; 25 February 1920 -- 3 September 2012 ) was a Korean religious leader , businessperson , political activist , and media mogul .
Petra Procházková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpɛtra ˈproxaːskovaː ) ; born October 20 , 1964 in Český Brod ) is a Czech journalist and humanitarian worker .
Edward Fairfax ( 1580 ? -- 27 January 1635 ) was an English translator .
Erwin Baur ( 16 April 1875 , Ichenheim , Grand Duchy of Baden -- 2 December 1933 ) was a German geneticist and botanist .
Hadi Khorsandi ( Persian : هادی خرسندی ) is a contemporary Iranian poet and satirist .
Henry Holden ( 1596 -- March 1662 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest , known as a theologian .
Umar Kayam was an Indonesian sociologist and writer born in Ngawi , East Java , on April 30 , 1932 and died on March 16 , 2002 .
Simon Basinger ( born 1957 ) is a French musicologist and essayist .
Paul Gervais full name François Louis Paul Gervaise ( 26 September 1816 -- 10 February 1879 ) was a French palaeontologist and entomologist .
Arnold Mærsk Mc - Kinney Møller ( 13 July 1913 -- 16 April 2012 ) was a Danish shipping magnate .
Bosskey is an Indian film actor , Radio Jockey , Television anchor , stand - up comedian and film critic working in the Tamil film and media industry .
Minette Walters ( born 26 September 1949 ) is an English crime writer .
Gianni Celati ( born 1937 in Sondrio , Lombardy ) is an Italian writer , translator and literary critic .
Michael Radford ( born 24 February 1946 ) is an English film director and screenwriter .
Philipp Tingler ( born 1970 in West Berlin ) is a Swiss and German writer , journalist , economist and philosopher .
Dorothea Krook - Gilead ( Hebrew : דורותיאה קרוק - גלעד b.1920 , d.1989 ) was an Israeli literary scholar , a translator , and a professor of English literature at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and at Tel Aviv University .
Andrés del Corral ( 1748 - -1818 ) was a Spanish writer and archeologist .
Matthias Steinhart ( born 17 April 1966 in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) is a German Classical archaeologist .
Louis Désiré Blanquart - Evrard ( 2 August 1802 , Lille -- 28 April 1872 , Lille ) was a French cloth merchant by trade , but in the 1840s became a student of photography .
Pierre Gustave Brunet ( 18 November 1805 -- 24 January 1896 ) was a French bibliographer , historian and editor .
John George Phillimore ( 1808 - -1865 ) was an English barrister , known as a jurist and Liberal Party politician .
Otto Neurath ( German : ( ˈnɔʏʀaːt ) ; December 10 , 1882 -- December 22 , 1945 ) was an Austrian philosopher of science , sociologist , and political economist .
Sreenath ( Malayalam : ശ്രീനാഥ് ; 26 August 1956 -- 23 April 2010 ) was a popular Malayalam film and television actor .
Michel Odent is a French obstetrician and childbirth specialist .
Naftali Herz Tur - Sinai ( Hebrew : נפתלי הרץ טור - סיני‎ ; born 13 November 1886 -- 17 October 1973 ) was a Bible scholar , author , and linguist instrumental in the revival of the Hebrew language as a modern , spoken language .
Michael Madhusudan Dutt , or Michael Madhusudan Dutta ( Bengali : মাইকেল মধুসূদন দত্ত ( Maikel Modhushudôn Dôtto ) ; 25 January 1824 -- 29 June 1873 ) was a popular 19th - century Bengali poet and dramatist .
Giuseppe Sergi ( March 20 , 1841 -- October 17 , 1936 ) was an influential Italian anthropologist of the early twentieth century , best known for his opposition to Nordicism in his books on the racial identity of ancient Mediterranean peoples .
Juan de Zumárraga ( 1468 -- June 3 , 1548 ) was a Spanish Basque Franciscan prelate and first bishop of Mexico .
Franz Xaver Kroetz ( born 25 February 1946 , Munich ) is a German author , playwright , actor and film director .
Mariangelo Accorso ( Latin : Accursio or Accursius ; 1489 or 1490 -- 1544 or 1546 ) was an Italian writer and critic .
Matías de Gálvez y Gallardo ( ca . 1725 -- November 3 , 1784 ) was a Spanish general , the Captain General of Guatemala from April 1779 to 3 April 1783 , and Viceroy of New Spain from 29 April 1783 to 3 November 1784 .
Norbert Hummelt ( born in 1962 in Neuss ) is a German poet , essayist and translator .
Claudio Merulo ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈklaudjo ˈmɛrulo ) ; 8 April 1533 -- 4 May 1604 ) was an Italian composer , publisher and organist of the late Renaissance period , most famous for his innovative keyboard music and his ensemble music composed in the Venetian polychoral style .
Erich Wiesner ( 17 April 1897 -- 16 October 1968 ) was a German communist Politician and last German Mayor of Stettin ( today Szczecin ) .
Matías Prats Luque ( b. Madrid , 14 September 1952 ) is a Spanish sports and news journalist .
Jacques Laskar ( born 28 April 1955 in Paris ) is a French astronomer .
Gaspar Gil Polo ( 1530 ? - 1591 ) , Spanish novelist and poet , was born at Valencia .
Hagen Rether ( born October 8 , 1969 in Bucharest ) is a German political cabaret artist and musician .
Stig Holmås ( born 25 February 1946 ) is a Norwegian librarian , poet , novelist and children 's writer .
Gustave - Adolphe Hirn ( August 21 , 1815 - January 14 , 1890 ) was a French physicist , astronomer .
Gaston Gradis ( 7 May 1889 -- 15 January 1968 ) was a French businessman and explorer .
Jacques Fradin ( 1954 in France ) is a physician and cognitive and behavioural therapist ( member of the French Association for Cognitive and Behavioural Therapy ) .
Domokos Kosáry ( July 31 , 1913 -- November 15 , 2007 ) was a Hungarian historian and writer who served as president of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 1990 until 1996 .
Janosch ( real name Horst Eckert ) ( born March 11 , 1931 ) is one of the best - known German artists and children 's book authors .
Timoléon Cheminais de Montaigu was a French Jesuit pulpit orator .
Charles Bordes ( 12 May 1863 -- 8 November 1909 ) was a French music teacher and composer .
Giovanni Maria Lancisi ( 26 October 1654 -- 20 January 1720 ) was an Italian physician , epidemiologist and anatomist who made a correlation between the presence of mosquitoes and the prevalence of malaria .
Carlo Innocenzo Frugoni ( November 21 , 1692 -- December 20 , 1768 ) was an Italian poet and librettist .
Peter Swirski is Distinguished Visiting Professor at the University of Silesia , Poland , Distinguished Professor of American Studies and Literature at the Department of English , SYSU , Senior Research Associate at the Wirth Institute at the University of Alberta , Canada , and Honorary Professor at the American Studies Center at Jinan University .
Altero Matteoli ( born 8 September 1940 ) is an Italian politician , member of Forza Italia party , and an accountant and executive manager .
Sabahattin Eyüboğlu ( 1908 -- January 13 , 1973 ) was a Turkish writer , essayist , translator and film producer .
Xandru Fernández ( born 1970 in Turón , Asturias , Spain ) is an Asturian language writer .
Harry Tisch ( March 28 , 1927 in Heinrichswalde -- June 18 , 1995 ) was the head of the Free German Trade Union Federation between 1975 and 1989 .
Bárbara Lennie Holguín ( born 20 April 1984 in Madrid ) , better known as Bárbara Lennie , is a Spanish actress .
Richard Georg Spiller von Hauenschild , better known by his pseudonym Max Waldau ( 10 March 1825 -- 20 January 1855 ) , was a German poet and novelist .
Vincent Placcius ( 1642 - 1699 ) was a German writer , professor , jurist and polymath .
Antonio del Corro ( Corrano , de Corran , Corranus ) ( Seville , 1527-London , 1591 ) was a Spanish monk who became a Protestant convert .
Guillaume - Jules Hoüel ( born 7 April 1823 in Thaon ; died 14 June 1886 in Périers ) was a French mathematician .
Vitomil Zupan ( 18 January 1914 -- 14 May 1987 ) was a post - World War II modernist Slovene writer and Gonars concentration camp survivor .
Jens - Peter Bonde emerged from the Danish Left of the 1970s , however he has been on the centre - left for most of the past three decades .
Umberto Guidoni ( born in Rome 18 August 1954 ) is an Italian astrophysicist , science writer and a former ESA astronaut , being the first European to visit the International Space Station .
The Reverend John Collingwood Bruce , FSA ( 1805 - -1892 ) was an English nonconformist minister and schoolmaster , known as a historian of Tyneside and author .
Jean - François Senault ( 1599 - -1672 ) was a French Augustinian philosopher .
Pandit Narendra Sharma ( 1913 - 12 February 1989 ) was an Indian writer , poet and lyricist in Hindi language .
Hermann von Mallinckrodt ( 5 February 1821 , Minden -- 26 May 1874 ) was a German parliamentarian from the Province of Westphalia .
Kurzbiografie ( German ) Literature by and about Ruth Aspöck in the German National Library catalogue ( German )
Jerzy Bartmiński ( 1939 - -present ) is a Polish linguist and ethnologist .
Albert Félix Dubois ( 16 September 1862 -- 1 June 1945 ) was a French journalist , explorer and speculator who is best known for his books about his travels in French West Africa .
Anna Murià i Romaní ( pseudonym , Romaní ; 21 May 1904 -- 27 September 2002 ) was a Spanish narrator , translator , literary critic , and journalist of Catalan descent who wrote short stories , novels , children 's literature , and essays .
Sir Alfred Seale Haslam ( 1844 - -1927 ) , was an English engineer who was Mayor of Derby from 1890 to 1891 , three times Mayor of Newcastle under Lyme , and Member of Parliament for Newcastle under Lyme from 1900 to 1906 .
Antonio Ordóñez Araujo ( February 16 , 1932 -- December 19 , 1998 ) was a famous Spanish bullfighter .
Sir John Blundell Maple , 1st Baronet ( 1 March 1845 -- 24 November 1903 ) was an English business magnate who owned the furniture maker Maple & Co.
Thomas Gaisford ( 22 December 1779 -- 2 June 1855 ) was an English classical scholar and clergyman .
Eva Turnová ( born 1966 ) is a Czech singer , songwriter , bass guitarist , teacher , translator and actress .
Philippe Muller is a French cellist .
Helene Stöcker ( 13 November 1869 , Wuppertal -- 24 February 1943 , New York ) was a German feminist , pacifist and sexual reformer .
After a speech , M. Sue Riley , an English teacher at Carol City , approached Bob Graham and said , `` The only problem with members of the Education Committee is nobody has any experience in education . ''
Walther Herwig ( February 25 , 1838 , Bad Arolsen , Waldeck - December 16 , 1912 ) was a Prussian administrative lawyer , and the founder of the German fisheries science .
Frans Eemil Sillanpää ( pronunciation ) ( 16 September 1888 -- 3 June 1964 ) was one of the most famous Finnish writers and in 1939 became the first Finnish writer to be awarded the Nobel Prize for literature .
Lauritz Johnson ( September 21 , 1906 -- February 7 , 1992 ) was a Norwegian novelist , children 's writer , and radio and television host .
Carlo Porta ( June 15 , 1775 -- January 5 , 1821 ) was an Italian poet , the most famous writer in Milanese ( the central dialect of the Western Lombard language ) .
Zhu Ziqing ( November 22 , 1898 -- August 12 , 1948 ) , born Zhu Zihua , was a renowned Chinese poet and essayist .
Günther Stein or Gunther Stein was a German print journalist .
Colonel Sir Henry Wilmot , 5th Baronet Wilmot of Chaddesden VC KCB ( 3 February 1831 -- 7 April 1901 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Raffaele Rossetti ( 12 July 1881 - 24 December 1951 ) was an Italian engineer and military naval officer who sank the main battleship of the Austro - Hungarian Empire at the end of World War I. He was also a politician of the Italian Republican Party .
Javier Gómez Darmendrail ( Madrid , Spain 7 March 1949 ) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People 's Party ( PP ) .
Sebald Beham ( 1500 - -1550 ) was a German painter and printmaker , especially noted for his engravings .
Annie Jay ( born in 1957 ) is a French children 's writer .
Philippe Pinel ( French : ( pinɛl ) ; 20 April 1745 -- 25 October 1826 ) was a French physician who was instrumental in the development of a more humane psychological approach to the custody and care of psychiatric patients , referred to today as moral therapy .
Bhisham Sahni ( 8 August 1915 -- 11 July 2003 ) was a Hindi writer , playwright , and actor , most famous for his novel and television screenplay Tamas ( `` Darkness , Ignorance '' ) , a powerful and passionate account of the Partition of India .
Louis Faury ( 21 July 1874 -- 14 January 1947 ) was a French military commander .
Tom George Longstaff ( 15 January 1875 -- 27 June 1964 ) was an English doctor , explorer and mountaineer , most famous for being the first person to climb a summit of over 7,000 meters in elevation , Trisul , in the India / Pakistann Himalaya in 1907 .
Luigi Cocilovo ( born 7 October 1947 , in Palermo ) is an Italian Member of the European Parliament and a University researcher in Law .
Plutarco Haza ( Spanish pronunciation : ( pluˈtarko ˈasa ) ; born 22 June 1972 ) is a Mexican actor raised in Mazatlán , Sinaloa .
Edvin Sugarev ( Bulgarian : Едвин Сугарев ) , ( born 27 December 1953 ) in Sofia , is a Bulgarian poet and politician .
Hans Schaul ( 13 December 1905 -- 19 May 1988 ) was a German politician and a long - standing legally trained Party Newspaper managing - editor .
For many years , printed editions of the works of Josephus appeared only in an imperfect Latin translation from the original Greek .
Arthur Pougin ( French : ( puʒɛ̃ ) 6 August 1834 -- 8 August 1921 ) was a French musical and dramatic critic and writer .
Atahualpa Yupanqui ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ataˈwalpa ʝuˈpaŋki ) ; 31 January 1908 -- 23 May 1992 ) ( in Quechua , He who comes from faraway lands to say something ) was an Argentine singer , songwriter , guitarist , and writer .
Johann Ernst Glück ( Latvian : Ernsts Gliks ; 10 November 1652 -- 5 May 1705 ) was a German translator and Lutheran theologian active in Livonia , which is now in Latvia .
Calistrat Hogaș ( born Calistrat Dumitriu ; April 19 , 1848 -- August 28 , 1917 ) was a Moldavian - born Romanian prose writer .
René - Louis Baire ( French : ( bɛʁ ) ; 21 January 1874 -- 5 July 1932 ) was a French mathematician most famous for his Baire category theorem , which helped to generalize and prove future theorems .
Paul Åström ( January 15 , 1929 -- October 4 , 2008 ) was a Swedish archaeologist and classical scholar .
Berl Katznelson ( Hebrew : ברל כצנלסון‎ , 25 January 1887 -- 12 August 1944 ) was one of the intellectual founders of Labor Zionism , instrumental to the establishment of the modern state of Israel , and the editor of Davar , the first daily newspaper of the workers ' movement .
Charles Renard ( 1847 - -1905 ) born in Damblain , Vosges , was a French military engineer .
Sharmila Tagore ( also known as Begum Ayesha Sultana ; born 8 December 1946 ) is an Indian film actress known for her works predominantly in Hindi cinema .
Vjekoslav Kaleb ( 27 September 1905 -- 13 April 1996 ) was a Croatian short story writer and novelist .
Antoine Magnan ( 13 June 1881 -- 5 March 1938 ) was a French zoologist and aeronautical engineer who studied the flight of insects and birds for possible lessons to apply to powered flight .
Sara Levi - Tanai ( Hebrew : שרה לוי - תנאי‎ ; c. 1910 -- 3 October 2005 ) was an Israeli choreographer and song writer .
Antoine Westermann ( born in 1946 in the north of Alsace ) is a French chef .
Toni Strubell i Trueta ( born 25 June 1952 in Oxford , England ) is a Catalan linguist , son of Michael B. Strubell and Amèlia Trueta ( daughter of Josep Trueta i Raspall ) and brother of Miquel Strubell i Trueta .
Diego Arias de Miranda ( December 1 , 1845 , Aranda de Duero -- June 28 , 1929 ) was a Spanish politician linked to Christian naturalism .
Pierre Mertens ( born 9 October 1939 ) is a Belgian French - speaking writer and lawyer who specializes in international law , director of the Centre de sociologie de la littérature at the Université Libre de Bruxelles , and literary critic with the newspaper Le Soir .
Cabret was a Spanish translator active towards the end of the fourteenth century .
Louis Joseph Ferdinand Hérold ( 28 January 1791 -- 19 January 1833 ) , better known as Ferdinand Hérold ( pronounced : ( fɛʁdinɑ̃ eʁɔld ) ) , was a French operatic composer of Alsatian descent who also wrote many pieces for the piano , orchestra , and the ballet .
David Kynaston ( /ˈkɪnəstən/ ; born 30 July 1951 in Aldershot ) is an English historian specializing in the social history of England .
Mónica Estarreado ( born 29 June 1975 , in Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish actress .
Jean Louis de Nogaret de La Valette ( 1554 - -1642 ) , created Duke of Épernon , was a powerful member of the French nobility at the turn of the 16th century .
Charles Wesley ( /ˈwɛsli , ˈwɛzli/ ; 18 December 1707 -- 29 March 1788 ) was an English leader of the Methodist movement , most widely known for writing more than 6,000 hymns .
Magnus Hirschfeld ( 14 May 1868 -- 14 May 1935 ) was a Jewish German physician and sexologist educated primarily in Germany ; he based his practice in Berlin - Charlottenburg .
Elia Levita ( 13 February 1469 -- 28 January 1549 ) , ( Hebrew : אליהו בן אשר הלוי אשכנזי ) also known as Elijah Levita , Elias Levita , Élie Lévita , Elia Levita Ashkenazi , Eliahu Bakhur ( `` Eliahu the Bachelor '' ) was a Renaissance Hebrew grammarian , scholar and poet .
Henning Graf Reventlow , full name Henning Lothar Gert Count Reventlow ( September 22 , 1929 - September 9 , 2010 ) was a German Protestant theologian , Old Testament scholar and university professor .
Étienne Louis Geoffroy ( October 12 , 1725 -- August 12 , 1810 ) was a French entomologist and pharmacist .
Sir Edwin Arnold KCIE CSI ( 10 June 1832 -- 24 March 1904 ) was an English poet and journalist , who is most known for his work , The Light of Asia .
Giampiero Galeazzi ( born 18 May 1946 ) is an Italian former competition rower , sport journalist , commentator and television personality .
Alberto Undiano Mallenco ( born 8 October 1973 in Pamplona ) is a Spanish football referee who currently resides in Ansoáin .
Otto Benndorf ( September 13 , 1838 -- January 2 , 1907 ) was a German - Austrian archaeologist who was a native of Greiz .
Zuber Usman ( 12 December 1916 -- 25 July 1976 ) was an Indonesian teacher and writer , known as an early pioneer of Indonesian literary criticism .
Luis María Larrañaga Merlo ( born June 13 , 1966 ) , known as Luis Merlo , is a Spanish actor .
Nathalie Luca ( born 1966 ) is a French research director at the French National Centre for Scientific Research ( CNRS ) , an anthropologist and a sociologist of religions .
Malsachanus , Irish Latin writer , fl .
Andrés Marcos Burriel y López ( 1719 - -1762 ) was a Spanish Jesuit historian , essayist , notable for editing Miguel Venegas ' Empresas Apostólicas and publishing it using Venegas ' name as Noticia de la California in 1757 .
Ante Ciliga ( 20 February 1898 - 21 October 1992 ) was a Croatian politician , writer and publisher .
Gudrun Ensslin ( German : ( ˈɡuːdʁuːn ˈɛnsliːn ) ; 15 August 1940 -- 18 October 1977 ) was a founder of the German urban guerilla group Red Army Faction ( Rote Armee Fraktion , or RAF , also known as the Baader - Meinhof Gang ) .
Philippe Cuper is a French clarinetist , born in Lille on April 25 , 1957 .
Hortensia Papadat - Bengescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( horˈtensi.a papaˈdat benˈd͡ʒesku ) ; 8 December 1876 -- 5 March 1955 in Bucharest ) was a novelist of the Romanian interwar period .
Friar Nicolás Borrás ( 1530 - -1610 ) was a Spanish Renaissance painter , active in Valencia .
Maestro Reverendo , ( born Ángel Muñoz - Alonso ; 1955 - 7 September 2012 ) was a Spanish musician and composer .
Octave - Louis Aubert , ( 1870 - -1950 ) was a French editor and writer associated with Breton nationalism .
Alain Ducasse ( French : ( alɛ̃ dykas ) ; born 13 September 1956 ) is a Monégasque chef .
Abel Matutes y Juan ( born 31 October 1941 ) is a Spanish politician who served as Spain 's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 6 May 1996 to 2000 .
Hermann Schroeder ( 26 March 1904 -- 7 October 1984 ) was a German composer and a Catholic church musician .
Stephen Kelman is an English novelist , whose debut novel Pigeon English was a shortlisted nominee for the 2011 Man Booker Prize .
A German and a Roman , Jakob Streit ;
Adrià Pina ( born 1959 ) is a Spanish painter from L’Alcudia , Valencia .
André Fau ( Paris November 13 , 1896 , January 31 , 1982 ) was a French post - Cubist artist , architect , ceramist , song - writer , poet born in Paris .
Xavier Romero Frías ( born 1954 ) is a Spanish writer and scholar .
Theo Uittenbogaard ( born Amstelveen , Nieuwer - Amstel , Netherlands , 1946 ) is a Dutch radio & TV - producer , who worked for almost all nationwide public networks in The Netherlands since 1965 .
Cyril Lincoln Sibusiso Nyembezi ( 1919 - -2000 ) was a South African writer known as a Zulu novelist , poet , scholar , teacher and editor .
José Luis Molinuevo ( 22 January 1917 -- 24 December 2002 ) was a Spanish football manager and player .
Joachim Illies ( March 23 , 1925 - June 3 , 1982 ) was a German biologist , entomologist and author .
Mahmoud Bodo Rasch ( born 12 May 1943 ) is a German architect who specializes in the construction of large convertible umbrellas and lightweight structures .
Franz Ackermann ( born 1963 in Neumarkt - Sankt Veit , Bavaria ) is a German painter and installation artist based in Berlin .
Navya Natarajan is an Indian film actress mainly acted in Malayalam , Kannada and Telugu films .
Andrey Sheptytsky , O.S.B.M. , ( Ukrainian : Митрополит Андрей Шептицький ; Polish : Andrzej Szeptycki ; July 29 , 1865 -- November 1 , 1944 ) was the Metropolitan Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from 1901 until his death in 1944 .
Gerald Martin ( London 1944 ) studied Spanish , French and Portuguese at Bristol ( 1965 ) and received his PhD in Latin American Literature from the University of Edinburgh ( 1970 ) .
Daniel Domscheit - Berg ( né Berg ; born 1978 ) , previously known under the pseudonym Daniel Schmitt , is a German technology activist .
Maurice François Alfred Martin van Miële ( October 12 , 1863 -- September 5 , 1926 ) , better known by his pseudonym Martin van Maële , was a French illustrator of early 20th century literature .
Nexhmije Hoxha ( ( nɛdʒmijɛ ˈhɔdʒa ) ; born February 7 , 1921 ) is the widow of Albanian communist leader Enver Hoxha .
Johann Friedrich Gmelin ( 8 August 1748 -- 1 November 1804 ) was a German naturalist , botanist , entomologist , herpetologist and malacologist .
Àngel Guimerà i Jorge ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈaɲʒəɫ ɣiməˈɾa ) ) ( 6 May 1845 -- 18 July 1924 ) was a Spanish writer , born in Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Canary Islands , to a Catalan father and a Canary islander mother .
Fujiwara Takanobu ( Japanese : 藤原 隆信 ) ( 1142 - -1205 ) was one of the leading Japanese portrait artists of his day .
Wang Bi ( 226 - -249 ) , courtesy name Fusi ( 辅嗣 ) , was a Chinese neo - Daoist philosopher .
Elio Vito is an Italian politician , member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy since 1992 .
Olivier Jules Richard ( 22 March 1836 -- 7 January 1896 ) was a French botanist , mycologist and lichenologist who published on the anatomy and symbiosis of lichens .
Sir Roger Meredith , 5th Baronet ( c. 1677 -- 31 December 1738 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1727 to 1734 .
Luigi Illica ( 9 May 1857 -- 16 December 1919 ) was an Italian librettist who wrote for Giacomo Puccini ( usually with Giuseppe Giacosa ) , Alfredo Catalani , Umberto Giordano , Baron Alberto Franchetti and other important Italian composers .
Rafael Masó i Valentí(Catalan pronunciation : ( rəˈfɛɫ məˈso))(1880 - 1935 ) was one of the most outstanding Catalan architects of the early 20th century .
Ramón Massó Tarruella ( born 1928 , Pallejà ) is a Spanish media and communications expert and a former Carlist politician .
Vaiyapuri , born Ramakrishnan , is a Tamil film actor who mostly plays a comedian .
Gerd Buchdahl ( 12 August 1914 -- 17 May 2001 ) was a German - English philosopher of science .
Gianni Baget Bozzo ( March 8 , 1925 -- May 8 , 2009 ) was an Italian Catholic priest and politician .
André Duval ( born April 21 , 1920 ) is a French - Canadian author and historian .
Juan José Urráburu ( 1844 - 1904 ) was a Spanish Jesuit and a scholastic philosopher .
Eugen Suchoň ( September 25 , 1908 -- August 5 , 1993 ) was one of the most important Slovak composers of the 20th century .
Mario Landolfi ( born 6 June 1959 ) is an Italian politician , served as a member of the parliament and minister of communications .
Heidi Genée ( 22 October 1938 -- 26 September 2005 ) was a German film editor , director and screenwriter .
Musa Kâzım Karabekir ( 23 July 1882 -- 26 January 1948 ) was a Turkish general and politician .
Raül Tortosa is a Spanish actor born in Terrassa ( Barcelona ) .
Eva Illouz ( Hebrew : אווה אילוז‎ ) ( born April 30 , 1961 in Fes , Morocco ) is a full professor of sociology at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .
Carlo Falconi ( 1915 -- 24 September 1998 ) was an Italian journalist and writer about Roman Catholicism .
Vito Pallavicini ( 22 April 1924 -- 16 August 2007 ) was an Italian lyricist .
Richard Sims Donkin ( 27 August 1836 -- 5 February 1919 ) was an English shipowner and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1900 .
Antonio Colinas Lobato is a Spanish writer ( poet , novelist , journalist , translator , essayist ) and intellectual who was born in La Bañeza , León , Spain on January 30 , 1946 .
George Messo ( born April 10 , 1969 ) is an expatriate English poet and translator who was born in rural Lincolnshire , near the town of Barton - Upon - Humber .
José Ramírez de Arellano , also José Ramírez Benavides , ( 1705-March 27 , 1770 ) , was a Spanish Baroque architect and sculptor .
Kurt Benirschke ( born May 26 , 1924 ) is a German - born American pathologist , geneticist and expert on the placenta and reproduction in humans and myriad mammalian species .
Valdis Dombrovskis ( born 5 August 1971 ) is a Latvian politician and the current European Commissioner for the Euro and Social Dialogue since November 2014 .
Pietro Ingrao ( March 30 , 1915 -- September 27 , 2015 ) was an Italian politician , journalist and former partisan .
Jürgen Partenheimer ( born 14 May 1947 in Munich , Germany ) is among the most renowned German artists of his generation .
Nasib Arida ( Arabic : نسيب عريضة‎ / ALA - LC : Nasīb ' Arīḍah ; 1887 - -1946 ) was a Syrian - born poet and writer and a founding member of the New York Pen League .
Max Ackermann ( 5 October 1887 -- 14 November 1975 ) was a German painter and graphic artist of abstract works and representational art .
Naum Veqilharxhi born Naum Bredhi ( 1797 - 1854 ) was an Albanian lawyer and scholar .
David Ferdinand Koreff ( 1 February 1783 -- 15 May 1851 ) was a German physician who was a personal doctor of Staatskanzler Karl August von Hardenberg and occupied one of the two chairs for animal magnetism created in 1817 at the University of Berlin .
Adalberto Libera ( Italian pronunciation : ( adal'bɛrto ˈliːbera ) ; 16 July 1903 - 17 March 1963 ) is one of the most representative architects of the Italian Modern movement .
Sir Robert Hermann Schomburgk ( 5 June 1804 -- 11 March 1865 ) was a German - born explorer for Great Britain who carried out geographical , ethnological and botanical studies in South America and the West Indies , and also fulfilled diplomatic missions for Great Britain in the Dominican Republic and Thailand .
Peter Przygodda ( 26 October 1941 -- 2 October 2011 ) was a German filmmaker , best known for editing Wim Wenders ' films .
Pertev Naili Boratav , born Mustafa Pertev ( September 2 , 1907 -- March 16 , 1998 ) was a Turkish folklorist and researcher of folk literature .
Suniti Ashok Deshpande ( pronounced ' DESH - paan - day ' ) , ( सुनीति अशोक देशपांडे , Сунити Ашок Дешпанд ) ( November 8 , 1954 -- September 23 , 2015 ) was an Indian educator , writer , translator and interpreter , best known for her work on spreading the Russian language and culture in India .
Ponç de la Guàrdia ( or Pons de la Guardia ; fl . 1154 - -1188 ) was a Catalan knight of the family of Saguàrdia , lords of the castle of Ripoll .
Hedd Wyn ( born Ellis Humphrey Evans , 13 January 1887 -- 31 July 1917 ) was a Welsh language poet who was killed during the Battle of Passchendaele in World War I. He was posthumously awarded the bard 's chair at the 1917 National Eisteddfod .
Magnus Celsius ( 16 January 1621 - -5 May 1679 ) was a Swedish astronomer and mathematician , decipherer of the staveless runes .
Franco Maria Ricci ( born December 2 , 1937 in Parma ) is an Italian art publisher .
Stanisław Bereś ( born May 4 , 1950 ) is a Polish poet , literary critic , translator and literary historian .
Malcolm Andrew is an author , teacher and scholar who was previously Professor of English Language and Literature at Queen 's University Belfast .
Otto F. Walter ( 5 June 1928 born as Otto Friedrich Walter -- 24 September 1994 ) was a Swiss publisher ( Walter Verlag ) , author and novelist , which is well - known in the German language countries .
' Abd al - Razzaq al - Hasani ( Arabic : عبد الرزاق الحسني‎ ) ( 1903 - -1997 ) was an Iraqi historian and politician .
Marie Bonnevial ( 28 June 1841 - 4 December 1918 ) was a French teacher and women 's rights activist .
Pierre Charles Baquoy ( July 27 , 1759 -- February 4 , 1829 ) was a French painter and engraver , known for depictions of famous historical characters .
Joakim Stulić , also Joakim Stulli as styled by himself , ( 1730 - -1817 ) was a lexicographer from the Republic of Ragusa , the author of the biggest dictionary in the older Croatian lexicography .
Jean - Barthélémy Camille Polonceau ( 29 October 1813 -- 21 September 1859 ) was a French railway systems engineer .
Violet Trefusis ( née Keppel ; 6 June 1894 -- 29 February 1972 ) was an English writer and socialite .
Nikolai Vladimirovich Nekrasov ( Russian : Николай Владимирович Некрасов ) ( 18 December 1900 - -4 October 1938 ) was a Russian Esperanto writer , translator , and critic .
Arturo Martini ( 1889 - -1947 ) was a leading Italian sculptor between World War I and II . He moved between a very vigorous ( almost ancient Roman ) classicism and modernism .
John Rastell ( or Rastall ) ( c. 1475 -- 1536 ) was an English printer , author , member of parliament , and barrister .
Ben Wheatley ( born 1972 ) is an English director of feature films , TV comedy shows , adverts and idents , animated shorts and internet viral ads .
Salvador Aulestia ( November 13 , 1915 - June 1994 ) , was a Spanish painter , sculptor , drawer and writer born in Barcelona ( Spain ) .
Count Carlo Pepoli ( 22 July 1796 -- 7 December 1881 ) was an Italian politician and journalist .
Agnes von Krusenstjerna ( October 9 , 1894 -- March 10 , 1940 ) was a Swedish writer and noble .
August Gottlieb Richter ( 13 April 1742 -- 23 July 1812 ) was a German surgeon , born in Zörbig , Saxony .
Guido Piovene ( 27 July 1907 - 12 November 1974 ) was an Italian writer and journalist .
Saud al - Dosari ( Arabic : سعود الدوسري‎‎ ; 24 September 1968 -- 7 August 2015 ) was a Saudi television presenter , best known for his work for the Middle East Broadcasting Center ( MBC ) .
Dr Basel Ghattas ( Arabic : باسل غطاس‎ , Hebrew : באסל גטאס‎ ; born 23 March 1956 ) is an Israeli Arab politician .
Napoléon Peyrat ( 20 January 1809 -- 4 April 1881 ) was a French author and historian from Les Bordes - sur - Arize ( French : Les Bordes - sur - Arize ) .
Fang Xiaoru ( Chinese : 方孝孺 ; pinyin : Fāng Xìaorú ) was an orthodox Confucian scholar - bureaucrat of the Ming Dynasty , famous for his continuation of the Jinhua school of Zhu Xi and later for his loyalty to his former pupil , the Jianwen Emperor , who died in the rebellion of the Prince of Yan .
František Ladislav Rieger ( December 18 , 1818 -- March 3 , 1903 ) was a Czech politician and publicist made famous for his leadership of the early Czech nationalist movement .
Stefano Benni ( born 12 August 1947 in Bologna ) is an Italian satirical writer , poet and journalist .
Iwan Bloch ( also known as Ivan Bloch ) ( April 8 , 1872 -- November 21 , 1922 ) was a German dermatologist .
José María Merino is a Spanish novelist born in A Coruña , Galicia on 5 March 1941 .
Alexandre de Rhodes , S.J. ( Vietnamese : A - Lịch - Sơn Đắc - Lộ ) ( 15 March 1591 -- 5 November 1660 ) was a French Jesuit missionary and lexicographer who had a lasting impact on Christianity in Vietnam .
Niceto Alcalá - Zamora y Torres ( 6 July 1877 -- 18 February 1949 ) was a Spanish lawyer and politician who served , briefly , as the first prime minister of the Second Spanish Republic , and then -- from 1931 to 1936 - -as its president .
Leo Allatius ( c. 1586 -- January 19 , 1669 ) ( Greek : Λέων Αλλάτιος , Leon Allatios , Λιωνής Αλάτζης , Lionis Allatzis ; Italian : Leone Allacci , Allacio ; Latin : Leo Allatius , Allacius ) was a Greek scholar , theologian and keeper of the Vatican library .
Gunnar Rudberg ( October 17 , 1880 -- August 6 , 1954 ) was an internationally renowned Swedish Classical Philologist .
Leda Mileva ( Bulgarian : Леда Милева ) ( 5 February 1920 - 5 February 2013 ) was a Bulgarian writer , translator and diplomat .
Hanns Grössel ( Leipzig , 18 April 1932 -- Cologne , 1 August 2012 ) was a German literary translator and broadcasting journalist .
Terje Formoe ( born 6 December 1949 ) is a Norwegian singer , songwriter , actor , playwright and author .
Antonio Mije García ( 24 September 1905 -- 1 September 1976 ) was a member of the Spanish Communist Party who became a deputy for Seville in the Second Spanish Republic .
Albert Espinosa i Puig ( born 5 November 1973 ) , educated as an industrial engineer , is a screenwriter , playwright , writer , actor and director of Spanish cinema .
Patricia Erbelding ( born in Paris in 1958 ) is a French artist who works in a variety of media producing abstract art .
Gino Bucchino ( born 1948 ) is the overseas member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies for North America and Central America .
Leon Wyczółkowski ( 11 April 1852 -- 27 December 1936 ) was one of the leading painters of the Young Poland movement , as well as the principal representative of Polish Realism in art of the Interbellum .
Massimo Vitali ( b. Como , Italy in 1944 ) is an Italian photographer based in Lucca .
Werner Hildenbrand ( born 25 May 1936 in Göttingen , Germany ) is a German economist and mathematician .
Arcangelo Ghisleri ( 5 September 1855 -- 19 August 1938 ) was an Italian geographer , writer , and Socialist politician .
Matthias Jakob Schleiden ( 5 April 1804 -- 23 June 1881 ) was a German botanist and co - founder of the cell theory , along with Theodor Schwann and Rudolf Virchow .
Otto Heinrich Warburg ( /ˈvɑːrbʊərɡ/ ; October 8 , 1883 -- August 1 , 1970 ) , son of physicist Emil Warburg , was a German physiologist , medical doctor and Nobel laureate .
Riccardo Bacchelli ( Italian pronunciation : ( rikˈkardo bakˈkɛlli ) ; 19 April 1891 -- 8 October 1985 ) was an Italian writer .
Charles Joseph Marty - Laveaux ( 13 April 1823 , Paris -- 11 July 1899 , Vitry - sur - Seine ) was a French literary scholar .
Aleksandar Stamboliyski ( Bulgarian : Александър Стоименов Стамболийски , variously transliterated ) ( March 1 , 1879 -- June 14 , 1923 ) was the prime minister of Bulgaria from 1919 until 1923 .
Juan Diego Botto - Rota ( born August 29 , 1975 , in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine - Spanish actor .
Gurudas Banerjee , also known as Gurudas Bandyopadhyay , is a Bengali stage and film actor who was active from the 1940s through the 1980s .
Leire Martínez Ochoa ( born June 22 , 1979 in San Sebastián , Guipúzcoa ) , is a Basque Spanish singer , songwriter , and current lead vocalist of the band La Oreja de Van Gogh after Amaia Montero 's departure in 2007 .
Giorgio Colli ( 1917 -- 6 January 1979 ) was an Italian philosopher , philologist and historian .
Lazar Markovich Lissitzky ( Russian : Ла́зарь Ма́ркович Лиси́цкий , listen ; November 23 ( O.S. November 11 ) 1890 -- December 30 , 1941 ) , known as El Lissitzky ( Russian : Эль Лиси́цкий , Yiddish : על ליסיצקי‎ ) , was a Russian artist , designer , photographer , typographer , polemicist and architect .
Bernard Friot is a French sociologist and economist .
John Heath ( later John Duke ) ( c.1717 - -1775 ) , of Gittisham , near Honiton , Devon , was an English politician .
Charles Luylier is a French broadcast journalist , born in Angers on 5 January 1989 .
Francesco Piranesi ( Italian pronunciation : ( franˈtʃesko piraˈneːzi ) ; 1758/59 -- 23 January 1810 ) was an Italian engraver , etcher and architect .
Jonathan dos Santos Ramírez ( born 26 April 1990 ) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Villarreal CF and the Mexico national team as a central or defensive midfielder .
Germain Sée ( February 6 , 1818 -- May 12 , 1896 ) was a French clinician who was a native of Ribeauvillé , Haut - Rhin .
Gunilla Lundgren is a Swedish writer and a peace and environmental activist .
David Nokes FRSL ( March 11 , 1948 - November 19 , 2009 ) was a scholar of 18th - century English literature known for his biographies of Jonathan Swift , John Gay , Jane Austen and Samuel Johnson .
Andrés Neuman ( born January 28 , 1977 ) is a Spanish - Argentine writer , poet , translator , columnist and blogger .
Robert Soetens ( 19 July 1897 -- 22 October 1997 ) was a French violinist , remembered particularly for premiering the Violin Concerto No . 2 of Sergei Prokofiev in 1935 .
Wolfgang Stegmüller ( German : ( ˈʃteːkˌmʏlɐ ) ; June 3 , 1923 -- June 11 , 1991 ) , was a German - Austrian philosopher with important contributions in philosophy of science and in analytic philosophy .
Carl Joseph Anton Mittermaier ( 5 August 1787 Munich - 28 August 1867 Heidelberg ) was a German jurist .
Carlo Alessandro Guidi ( 14 June 1650 -- 12 June 1712 ) , Italian lyric poet , was born at Pavia .
Eleonora Charlotta d'Albedyhll , née Wrangel , ( 27 March 1770 , Stockholm -- 4 June 1835 ) , was a Swedish countess , poet and salon holder .
Giovanni Battista Belzoni ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒoˈvanni batˈtista belˈtsoːni ) ; 5 November 1778 -- 3 December 1823 ) , sometimes known as The Great Belzoni , was a prolific Italian explorer and pioneer archaeologist of Egyptian antiquities .
Paolo Villaggio ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpaːolo vilˈladdʒo ) ; 30 December 1932 ) is an Italian actor , voice actor , writer , director and comedian .
Johann Joseph Ignaz von Döllinger ( 28 February 1799 -- 14 January 1890 ) , sometimes spelt Doellinger , was a German theologian , Catholic priest and church historian who rejected the dogma of papal infallibility .
Alfons Figueras i Fontanals ( Vilanova i la Geltrú , Barcelona , Spain , 15 October 1922 -- 6 July 2009 ) was a Spanish comic artist and writer .
William Dunn Macray ( 1826 - -1916 ) was an English librarian , cleric and historian .
Lucian Blaga ( Romanian pronunciation : ( lut͡ʃiˈan ˈblaɡa ) ; 9 May 1895 -- 6 May 1961 ) was a Romanian philosopher , poet , playwright and novelist .
WNTX is a News / Talk / Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Fredericksburg , Virginia , serving metro Fredericksburg .
WCBU is a listener - supported , non - commercial public radio station owned by Bradley University in Peoria , Illinois .
WNSC - FM is a National Public Radio station in Rock Hill , South Carolina .
KYYA ( 730 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Billings , Montana , USA .
4KQ is a commercial radio station in Brisbane , Australia owned by the Australian Radio Network .
Stiff Street is a hamlet almost on the M2 motorway , near the village of Bredgar , in the Swale District , in the English county of Kent .
River Place Condominiums , previously known as Port Royal Condominiums , is a mixed - use residential high - rise building located in Augusta , Georgia .
Thrithallur is a village in Thrissur district , Kerala , which is a state of India .
Górzna ( ˈɡuʐna ) ( German : Gursen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Alva Bridge is a small two - lane drawbridge located in Alva , Florida .
The Autobianchi Bianchina is a minicar produced by the Italian automaker Autobianchi , based on the Fiat 500 .
The AGM-62 Walleye is a television - guided glide bomb which was produced by Martin Marietta and used by the United States armed forces during the 1960s .
Xin Los Angeles was launched in 2004 in the ship - yard of Hyundai Heavy Industries and was completed in 2006 .
Angry Birds Stella , also known as Angry Birds Slingshot Stella , is a puzzle video game and the second spin - off from the Angry Birds series , developed by Rovio Entertainment .
Ordered in 2007 as part of a five - ship expansion of the Costa Cruises Fleet , Costa Deliziosa was constructed by Fincantieri , launched in March 2009 , and handed over to Costa Crociere in January 2010 .
Leandro Rovirosa Wade ( 1918 -- 6 April 2014 ) was a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) who served as Governor of Tabasco during the 1977 - -82 period .
Bhubneshwar Prasad Mehta ( born 2 August 1940 ) is an Indian politician , affiliated to the Communist Party of India .
Evelyn Regner ( born 24 January 1966 in Vienna , Austria ) is a Member of the European Parliament since 2009 , representing the Social Democratic Party of Austria and the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats group .
Louis F. Kosco ( June 5 , 1932 -- ) is an American Republican Party politician who served in both the New Jersey General Assembly and the New Jersey Senate .
Elpidio González ( August 1 , 1875 -- October 18 , 1951 ) was an Argentine politician of the Radical Civic Union .
Trần Phú ( 1 May 1904 in Tuy An District -- April 6 , 1931 ) was the first general secretary of the Indochinese Communist Party , later renamed to Communist Party of Vietnam .
Alma Carolina Viggiano Austria ( born 6 July 1968 ) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
William Norton ( 2 November 1900 -- 4 December 1963 ) was an Irish Labour Party politician , and leader of the party from 1932 to 1960 .
After the defeat of Nicolas Sarkozy in the French presidential election of 2012 , Valérie Pécresse remains a key member of the Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP in french ) .
Hardeo Singh ( also known as Baba Hardev Singh ) is a politician of Aam Aadmi Party and former Provincial Civil Services ( PCS ) officer .
Virginio Rognoni ( born August 5 , 1924 in Corsico , province of Milan ) is an Italian politician , who was a prominent member of Christian Democracy .
Kostas Skandalidis ( Greek : Κώστας Σκανδαλίδης ; born 11 January 1953 ) is a Greek Politician and member of the Greek Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) for the Athens A constituency .
James Craig , 1st Viscount Craigavon , Bt PC , PC ( NI ) ( 8 January 1871 -- 24 November 1940 ) , was a prominent Irish unionist politician , leader of the Ulster Unionist Party and the first Prime Minister of Northern Ireland .
Alfonso López Pumarejo ( 31 January 1886 -- 20 November 1959 ) was a two - time Colombian president and political figure , as a member of the Colombian Liberal Party .
Hermann - Josef Kaltenborn ( January 1 , 1921 in Essen -- March 29 , 1999 in Stolberg near Aachen ) was a German politician and a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
Ana Teresa Aranda Orozco ( born January 26 , 1954 in León , Guanajuato ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party who served as Director of the DIF ( the `` National System for Integral Family Development '' ) from 2000 to 2006 .
Laxmi Narayan Yadav is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the Indian general elections , 2014 from the Sagar ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
José Antonio Alonso Suárez , ( born 28 March 1960 in León , Spain ) is a Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) politician .
Oskari Mantere ( September 18 , 1874 -- December 9 , 1942 ) was a Finnish politician from the National Progressive Party who served as Prime Minister of Finland from December 1928 to August 1929 .
Mary O'Rourke ( née Lenihan ; born 31 May 1937 ) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Gian - Reto Plattner ( 10 December 1939 -- 7 December 2009 ) was a Swiss physicist and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland .
Jelleke Veenendaal ( born 15 December 1953 in Alkmaar ) is a Dutch politician and member of House of Representatives for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) .
Abdullah Levent Tüzel ( born 12 July 1961 ) is a Turkish politician who was one of the founders of the Labour Party ( EMEP ) in 1996 .
John Reid , Baron Reid of Cardowan ( born 8 May 1947 ) is a British Labour Party politician .
Nazario Herrera Ortega ( born 28 July 1964 ) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( formerly from the National Action Party . From 2010 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Tlaxcala .
Lorenz Caffier ( 24 December 1954 in Weixdorf , Saxony ) is the chairman of the Christian Democratic Union in the German state of Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania .
David Lott is a British former politician , best known as a political organiser for the UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) .
Dawn Primarolo , Baroness Primarolo , DBE PC ( born 2 May 1954 ) , is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for Bristol South from 1987 until 2015 , when she stood down .
John T. Gregorio , Sr . ( February 6 , 1928 − October 23 , 2013 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1976 to 1978 and in the New Jersey Senate from 1978 to 1983 .
Stanisław Jałowiecki ( born on 26 December 1946 in Tanvald ) is a Polish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Lower Silesian Voivodship & Opole Voivodship with the Civic Platform , part of the European People 's Party and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on Transport and Tourism .
Md Shamsul Hasan Khan ( born 13 February 1926 ) was a Member of the Parliament of India in the sixth Lok Sabha , elected from Pilibhit constituency in 1977 as a candidate of the Bharatiya Lok Dal .
Ahmet Haluk Koç ( born 3 October 1954 ) is a Turkish politician who serves as the spokesperson and deputy leader of the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) since 2012 .
Gideon Ben - Yisrael ( Hebrew : גדעון בן - ישראל‎ , 6 March 1923 -- 18 December 2014 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai and Rafi in the 1950s and 1960s .
Richard Nadeau ( born April 5 , 1959 in Hawkesbury , Ontario ) is a teacher and Bloc Québécois politician in Quebec , Canada .
Fátima Aburto Baselga ( born February 11 , 1949 in Madrid ) is a Spanish physician and politician who belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Joseph Sweid ( born 1958 ) has been Syrian Minister of State since 2011 and a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party .
Johan Trondsen ( born 26 July 1922 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and the Liberal People 's Party .
Lennart Daléus ( born in Stockholm 25 June 1946 ) is a Swedish politician , who was the leader of the Swedish Centre Party from 1998 to 2001 .
Ardhendu Bhushan Bardhan ( Marathi : अर्धेन्दु भूषण वर्धन ) ( 25 September 1924 -- 2 January 2016 ) or A. B. Bardhan , was the former general secretary of the Communist Party of India ( CPI ) , one of the oldest political parties in India .
Chaudhry Abid Sher Ali ( Urdu : ‎ ; b. 21 November 1971 in Faisalabad , Punjab , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani politician affiliated with the Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) ( PML - N ) political party and is currently a parliamentarian in the National Assembly of Pakistan .
Harry Heher ( March 20 , 1889 - October 17 , 1972 ) was a New Jersey Supreme Court Justice and Democratic Party leader .
Michael Clapham ( born 15 May 1943 ) is a British Labour Party politician , who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Barnsley West and Penistone from 1992 to 2010 .
Shafiqul Islam Masud ( Bengali : শফিকুল ইসলাম মাসুদ ) is the assistant secretary of Bangladesh Jamaat - e - Islami Dhaka City and a member of the party 's central working committee .
Dr. Arif Alvi is the founding member of Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf and was the Secretary - General of the party from 2006 till 22 March 2013 where then succeeded by Parvez Khattak .
Edward Marjoribanks , 2nd Baron Tweedmouth KT PC ( 8 July 1849 -- 15 September 1909 ) was a moderate British Liberal Party statesman who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 until 1894 when he inherited his peerage and then sat in the House of Lords .
Malti Devi ( 5 August 1968 -- 6 September 1999 ) was a political and social worker and a Member of Parliament elected from the Nawada constituency in the Indian state of Bihar being a Rashtriya Janata Dal candidate .
Dr. Otto Nerz had joined the Nazi Party relatively early , prior to Adolf Hitler gaining power in 1933 ; this , combined with his success in the World Cup , meant that the German government placed a high level of expectation on Nerz 's team for the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin .
Andrej Ďurkovský ( born 5 September 1958 ) is a Slovak politician and former member of the Christian Democratic Movement ( KDH ) .
Arnold Gregory ( 14 November 1924 -- 30 July 1976 ) was a British textile company worker , lecturer and politician who was a Labour Party Member of Parliament for six years .
Delazon Smith ( October 5 , 1816 -- November 19 , 1860 ) was a Democratic Party politician who briefly represented the state of Oregon in the U.S. Senate in 1859 .
Back in Berlin after World War I , Elly Heuss - Knapp like her husband had been a candidate for the liberal German Democratic Party ( DDP ) in the German federal election of 1919 , strongly emphasiszing women 's suffrage .
Raeanne Presley is an American politician of the Republican Party , having served four terms as Mayor of Branson , Missouri .
Dr. Tushar Amarsinh Chaudhary ( born 18 December 1965 ) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress in Gujarat state .
Caoimhghín Ó Caoláin ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈkiːvʲiːnʲ oː ˈkiːlˠaːnʲ ) ; born 18 September 1953 ) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician .
Jan Angel is an American politician of the Republican Party in Washington state .
Sir Archibald Orr - Ewing , 1st Baronet ( 4 January 1818 -- 28 November 1893 ) was a Scottish Conservative Party politician .
Reginald Jaffray Lucas ( 1865 -- 9 May 1914 ) was a British historian and Conservative Party politician .
Josef Schrage ( May 6 , 1881 - November 27 , 1953 ) was a Westphalian metalworker , trade union official and politician , first of the Center Party and after World War II as one of the founders of the Christian Democratic Union .
Rabbi Yitzhak Cohen ( Hebrew : יצחק כהן‎ , born 2 December 1951 ) is an Israeli politician who has served as a member of the Knesset for Shas since 1996 , and currently Deputy Minister of Finance .
William L. Stubbs ( November 16 , 1917 -- April 12 , 2003 ) is an American Republican Party politician who was the first African American to win a major party nomination for the United States House of Representatives in New Jersey .
Nina Lundström ( born 26 October 1961 in Savonlinna ) , is a Sweden - Finnish Liberal People 's Party politician .
William Allan Reid ( 11 October 1865 -- 17 March 1952 ) was a British Conservative Party politician , who served as one of the two Members of Parliament ( MPs ) for Derby from the 1931 general election until the 1945 general election .
James J. Lyons ( February 12 , 1890 -- January 7 , 1966 ) was an American Democratic Party politician , who served as Borough President of the Bronx from 1934 - 1962 .
José Antonio Monago Terraza is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People 's Party ( PP ) and who served as President of Extremadura , the Extremaduran regional administration , from 2011 to 2015 .
Svein Harberg ( born 30 July 1958 ) is a Norwegian businessman and politician for the Conservative Party of Norway ( Høyre ) .
Tim Maia became a member of the Brazilian Socialist Party ( Partido Socialista Brasileiro -- PSB ) in October 1997 .
John Moran Bailey ( November 23 , 1904 -- April 10 , 1975 ) was an American politician who played a major role in promoting the New Deal coalition of the Democratic Party and its liberal policy positions .
Patrizia Toia ( born 17 March 1950 in Pogliano Milanese ) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for North - West with Democratic Party , part of the group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on Industry , Research and Energy .
Sir Thomas Dalyell of the Binns , 11th Baronet ( born 9 August 1932 ) , known as Tam Dalyell , is a Scottish Labour Party politician who was a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons from 1962 to 2005 .
Geoff Southern is one of the founder members of Jersey 's only political party , inaugurated to the States of Jersey on 4 July 2014 , Reform Jersey .
Brendan Crinion ( 11 November 1923 -- 2 July 1989 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served for more than twenty years as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) and as a Senator .
Moisés Villanueva de la Luz ( 17 November 1964 -- 17 September 2011 ) was a Mexican politician and a member of the Partido Revolucionario Institucional ( Institutional Revolutionary Party ) where he served as federal deputy and local MP .
Ben Fayot ( born 25 June 1937 in Luxembourg City ) is a Luxembourgish politician from the Luxembourg Socialist Workers ' Party ( LSAP ) .
Thomas Charles Pannell , Baron Pannell , PC ( 10 September 1902 -- 23 March 1980 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Harold Julian Amery , Baron Amery of Lustleigh , PC ( 27 March 1919 -- 3 September 1996 ) was a British politician of the Conservative Party , who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for 39 of the 42 years between 1950 and 1992 .
Lilian Janse - van der Weele ( born 1973 in Vlissingen ) is a Dutch housewife who has become the first female representative of the Reformed Political Party ( SGP ) in an election .
From 1950 until his death , Heinz Hoffmann was a member of the East German Parliament ( Volkskammer ) and was a candidate for the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( SED ) .
Rabbi Moshe - Zvi Neria ( Hebrew : משה צבי נריה‎ , born 1913 , died 12 December 1995 ) was an Israeli educator and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1969 and 1974 .
József Szájer , ( born on 7 September 1961 in Sopron ) is a Hungarian politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Fidesz --
Dr. Winston Green is a People 's National Party member of the Parliament of Jamaica for St. Mary South East .
Tomoko Kami ( 紙 智子 Kami Tomoko ) is a Japanese politician and member of the House of Councillors for the Japanese Communist Party .
Joaquin Calomarde Gramage ( Valencia , Spain , 30 November 1956 ) is a Spanish politician and former deputy who belonged to the People 's Party ( PP ) .
Søren Krarup ( born 3 December 1937 ) is a Danish pastor , writer , politician and Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Danish People 's Party from 2001 until 2011 .
Giacinto Artale ( 18 April 1906 - 30 May 1970 ) was an Italian politician belonging to the Christian Democracy party .
John H. Ewing ( October 16 , 1918 -- May 31 , 2012 ) was an American Republican Party politician who served in both houses of the New Jersey Legislature : in the General Assembly from 1968 to 1977 and in the State Senate from 1978 to 1998 , representing the 16th Legislative District .
Gerardo Camps Devesa ( born 30 June 1963 ) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People 's Party ( PP ) .
Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari ( Hindi : Mukhtar Ansari ringtone अहमद अंसारी , Urdu : مُختار احمد انصاری‎ ) was an Indian nationalist and political leader , and former president of the Indian National Congress and the Muslim League during the Indian Independence Movement .
Stanisław Kogut ( born October 29 , 1953 in Biała Niżna , Poland ) is a Polish politician , member of the Polish Senate and a member of the Law and Justice party .
Anshul Verma is a member of Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the Indian general elections , 2014 from the Hardoi ( Lok Sabha constituency )
Andreas Pinkwart 's political career is closely knit to the FDP ( Free Democratic Party ) .
Abdirahim Hussein Mohamed ( Somali : Cabdiraxiim Xuseen Maxamed , Arabic : عبد الرحيم حسين محمد‎ ) ( born 21 October 1978 in Somalia ) is a Somalian - born Finnish media personality and a politician representing the Finnish Centre Party ( Keskusta ) .
Dorothy Andrews Elston Kabis ( March 22 , 1917 -- July 3 , 1971 ) was a Republican Party activist from the U.S. state of Delaware who was appointed the 33rd Treasurer of the United States , having served from May 8 , 1969 , until her death .
Somnath Chatterjee ( born 25 July 1929 ) is an Indian politician who had been associated with the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) for most of his life , though he is currently an independent .
Bert Heller joined the ruling Nazi Party in 1940 .
Morten Løkkegaard , born 20 December 1964 , is a Venstre Party MEP representing Denmark .
John Ryman QC ( 7 November 1930 -- 2009 ) was a British Labour Party Member of Parliament ( MP ) who sat as an independent MP for his last year in the House of Commons .
Wang Congwu ( Chinese : 王从吾 ; pinyin : Wáng Cóngwú ; February 1910 -- 13 September 2001 ) was a Chinese Communist politician who was the eleventh president of the Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China , the highest training center for party workers and leaders .
Antonio Juan Marcos Villarreal ( born May 12 , 1976 ) is a Mexican politician and businessman , member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and Coahuila 's congressman .
Major Sir Herbert Paul Latham , 2nd Baronet ( 22 April 1905 -- 24 July 1955 ) was a British Conservative Party politician who served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Scarborough and Whitby constituency from 1931 to 1941 .
Geng Biao ( Chinese : 耿飚 ; pinyin : Gěng Biāo ; August 26 , 1909 -- June 23 , 2000 ) was a senior official in the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) and a leader in Chinese politics , foreign relations and military .
Joan Romero González ( 1953 , Albacete , Spain ) is a Spanish politician who belonged to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
Henry Hynd ( 4 July 1900 -- 1 February 1985 ) , known as Harry Hynd , was a British Labour Party politician .
Josef Hempelmann ( 26 September 1893 -- 27 April 1967 ) was a German architect and politician from the German Christian Democratic Union .
Atilla Koç ( b. Mart 1 , 1946 , Aydın , Turkey ) , is a Turkish politician of the Justice and Development Party .
Scott Maddox ( born March 13 , 1968 ) was the mayor of Tallahassee , Florida , former chairman of the Florida Democratic Party and is a current Tallahassee City Commissioner .
Víctor García San Inocencio ( born February 6 , 1958 ) is a lawyer and politician from Puerto Rico that served as Minority Leader in the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico for the Puerto Rican Independence Party from 1997 to 2009 .
Alan Farrell ( born 29 December 1977 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Dublin North constituency .
Aradhana Misra ( 20 April 1974 ) , also known as Mona , is an Indian politician affiliated with Indian National Congress .
Sahib Singh Verma ( 15 March 1943 , Mundka Village , Outer Delhi -- 30 June 2007 ) was an Indian politician and the former senior vice - president of the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Sushila Rohatgi ( 1921 - -2011 ) was a leader of Indian National Congress .
Engineer Jameel Ahmad Malik , a leftist and progressive politician joined Communist Party of Pakistan ( CPP ) during his student life in year 1970 and till date he is an activist member and Central Chairman of the Communist Party of Pakistan .
Linda McAvan ( born 2 December 1962 ) is a British Labour Party politician , who is a Member of the European Parliament for the Labour Party for Yorkshire and the Humber .
Sean Patrick Maloney ( born July 30 , 1966 ) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who has served as the U.S. Representative for New York 's 18th congressional district since 2013 .
Raymond Garramone ( August 13 , 1926 -- June 16 , 1998 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey State Senate .
Luis Raúl Torres Cruz ( born March 5 , 1960 in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party ( PPD ) .
Sybil Judith Chaplin OBE , known as Judith Chaplin , ( 19 August 1939 -- 19 February 1993 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Samak Sundaravej 's 5-month - old government was in great trouble on 10 July 2008 after Pattama the third top official in the ruling People Power Party ( PPP ) resigned from this post , effective Monday .
In 1939 the Communist Party of India established its organization in the Hyderabad State , Baddam Yella Reddy worked closely with D.V. Rao and Raavi Narayana Reddy in building grassroot networks of the party in the region .
Carlos Manzano has been involved in Democratic Party politics for two decades .
I.P. Paul is an Indian National Congress politician from Thrissur city , India .
John Joseph McDonald ( 25 March 1904 -- 24 February 1959 ) was Australian Labor Party Member of the Tasmania House of Assembly for the electorate of Bass from 9 June 1934 until his resignation on 16 April 1945 .
Shri Dwijendra Nath Sharmah , a politician from Indian National Congress party , is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Assam in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Habibollah Asgaroladi Mosalman ( Persian : حبيب الله عسگر اولادی مسلمان‎‎‎ ; 3 January 1932 -- 5 November 2013 ) was an Iranian politician who was leader of Islamic Coalition Party , a highly influential conservative political party in Iran .
Sir Henry Kimber , 1st Baronet ( 13 July 1834 -- 18 December 1923 ) was a British lawyer and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1913 .
Hari Singh Mahua is a member of the Indian National Congress and vice president of the Rajasthan Pradesh Congress Committee .
Elisabeth Schweigaard Selmer ( born Ragnhild Elisabeth Schweigaard , 18 October 1923 -- 18 June 2009 ) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Conservative Party .
Michael F. Kitt , Snr ( 13 September 1914 -- 24 December 1974 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and long - serving Teachta Dála ( TD ) .
Lulama Smuts Ngonyama ( born 22 August 1952 ) is a former head of communications for the African National Congress ( ANC ) in South Africa .
Adolfo López Mateos ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈðolfo ˈlopez maˈteos ) ; 26 May 1910 -- 22 September 1969 ) was a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) who served as President of Mexico from 1958 to 1964 .
Bhupendra Nath Bose ( 1859 - -1924 ) was an Indian politician and President of the Indian National Congress in 1914 .
Juan Carlos Pulido Valera ( poo - lee'-do ) ( born August 5 , 1971 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is a former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Minnesota Twins in 1994 and between 2003 - -2004 .
Juho Jokinen ( born July 25 , 1986 ) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who currently plays professionally in Finland for Oulun Kärpät of the SM - liiga .
Nathan Paetsch ( born March 30 , 1983 ) is a professional ice hockey defenceman , currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Herbert Neumann ( born 14 November 1953 in Cologne ) is a retired footballer who played for 1 . FC Köln , Udinese Calcio , Bologna , Olympiacos Piraeus , and FC Chiasso .
Kirby Law ( born March 11 , 1977 in McCreary , Manitoba ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger who played nine games over parts of three seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Philadelphia Flyers .
Bjarte Lunde Aarsheim ( born 14 January 1975 ) is a Norwegian footballer , playing for Randaberg IL .
Leroy Cook ( born November 9 , 1952 in Abbeville , Alabama ) is an American football player who was a two - time All - America pick and was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League .
Booker Reese ( born September 20 , 1959 ) is a former American Football defensive end who played four seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Los Angeles Rams from 1982 to 1985 in the National Football League .
Rhys Jenkins is a rugby union player for Newport RFC and the Newport Gwent Dragons regional team .
Naser Albokat ( Persian : ناصر آلبوکات‎ ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Sanat Naft F.C. in the IPL .
Gary Sánchez ( born December 2 , 1992 ) is a Dominican professional baseball catcher for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Jonathan Soriano Casas ( born 24 September 1985 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Austrian club FC Red Bull Salzburg as a striker .
Jeffrey van Nuland ( born 16 December 1990 in Tilburg ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender for Helmond Sport .
Colin Coosemans ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkoː.lɪn ˈkoː.sə.ˌmɑns ) ) ( born August 3 , 1992 in Ghent ) is a Belgian professional football player currently playing for KV Mechelen .
Ty Hallock ( born April 30 , 1971 in Grand Rapids , Michigan ) is a former professional American football player who played fullback for seven seasons for the Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , and Chicago Bears .
Mohammed Abdalas ( born 26 October 1986 ) is a Danish - Moroccan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fremad Amager .
On December 23 , 2008 Fausto Pinto left C.F. Pachuca and started playing with Cruz Azul .
Rodrigo Crasso Cordeiro , Rodrigo Crasso ( Curitiba , February 25 , 1987 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Esporte Clube Juventude .
Danijel Klarić ( born 19 January 1995 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a forward for Wisła Kraków .
Luke May ( born 23 August 1989 in Ashford , Surrey ) , is an English rugby league player for London Skolars in the Co - operative Championship One competition .
32-year - old Yordi slightly revived his career with second - tier Xerez CD .
Born in Marco de Canaveses , Porto , Pedrinha grew up through the ranks of F.C. Penafiel and made his debuts as a senior in the second division , switching in 2001 to F.C. Paços de Ferreira and making his first top flight appearance on 12 August of that year , against C.F. Os Belenenses .
Courtney Lawes ( born 23 February 1989 in Hackney , England ) is a professional rugby player for Northampton Saints , who play in the Aviva Premiership .
Ties Evers ( born 14 March 1991 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a right back for FC Volendam in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Stanley Afedzie ( born December 30 , 1987 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian footballer , who currently plays for R.O.C. de Charleroi - Marchienne .
Kecia Morway ( born August 25 , 1991 ) is a retired American professional soccer defender who played for National Women 's Soccer League club Chicago Red Stars during 2014 season .
Cristian Edgardo Amado ( born 7 June 1985 ) , known as Piojo , is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.D. Tondela as a striker .
José de Jesús Corona Rodríguez , ( born January 26 , 1981 ) is a Mexican footballer who plays for Cruz Azul as a goalkeeper .
Walid El Karti is a Moroccan professional footballer , who plays as a Attacking Midfielder for Wydad Casablanca .
Sebastian Maier ( born 18 September 1993 ) is a German footballer who plays as attacking midfielder for FC St. Pauli in the 2 .
Giovanni Waal ( born May 25 , 1989 ) is a Surinamese footballer playing as a Forward for Inter Moengotapoe in the Hoofdklasse , and for the Suriname national team .
Patrick O'Sullivan ( born February 1 , 1985 ) is a Canadian - born American former professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Los Angeles Kings , Edmonton Oilers , Carolina Hurricanes , Minnesota Wild , and Phoenix Coyotes .
Alexey Lutsenko ( Russian : Алексей Луценко ; born 7 September 1992 ) is a Kazakh road race cyclist who rides for the Astana team .
Michael Shenton ( born 22 July 1986 in Pontefract , West Yorkshire ) , is an English professional rugby league footballer currently playing for Castleford Tigers in the Super League .
Günter Preuß ( born 10 November 1936 in Duisburg ) is a former German football player and manager who was active for MSV Duisburg for many years .
Kire Grozdanov ( Macedonian : Кире Грозданов ; born 18 December 1970 ) is a retired Macedonian football defender , who was last played for FK Pelister .
Eric Castle is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for four seasons for the San Diego Chargers .
Jahmir Hyka ( born 8 March 1988 ) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League and the Albanian national team .
Aleksandrs Jerofejevs ( sometimes referred to as Alexander Erofeev ; born April 12 , 1984 ) is a Latvian ice hockey defenceman , currently playing for Dinamo Riga of Kontinental Hockey League .
Ruud van der Rijt ( born 17 November 1988 in Nijnsel ) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a defender for FC Eindhoven and Willem II .
David Bourke ( born 9 January 1976 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 85 games for the Richmond Football Club , kicking 18 goals and one game player , kicking 1 goal for the Kangaroos .
Pablo Rossi ( born 5 April 1992 ) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Seattle Sounders FC 2 in the USL .
Abdullah Al - Zubi ( born October 8 , 1989 ) is a Jordanian football player currently playing as a goalkeeper for Al - Ramtha SC and the Jordan national football team .
Nolan Harrison III ( born January 25 , 1969 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a former American football defensive lineman who played ten seasons in the National Football League for the Los Angeles / Oakland Raiders , the Pittsburgh Steelers , and the Washington Redskins .
Ivan Kostić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Костић ; born 24 June 1989 in Niš ) is a Serbian football defender who plays for FK Sloboda Tuzla in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mohd Fitri Omar ( born 25 June 1985 ) in Sabak Bernam , Selangor is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Malaysia Super League side , Penang FA and Malaysia national team .
Alimamy Jalloh ( born September 26 , 1987 in Koidu Town , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean professional footballer , who currently plays for Lohjan Pallo in Finland .
Vladislav Vasilev ( Bulgarian : Владислав Василев ; born 30 November 1982 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Botev Lukovit as a striker .
Ashton Götz ( born 16 July 1993 ) is a German footballer who plays as a central midfielder or defender with Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga .
Deny Marcel ( born in Balikpapan , East Kalimantan , February 24 , 1983 ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiram Raja Ampat in the Indonesia Super League as a Goalkeeper .
Saiful Nizam Miswan ( born 3 March 1981 ) is a Malaysian football player who currently plays as a defender at Pahang FA .
Gunnar Heiðar Þorvaldsson , commonly anglicised as Gunnar Heidar Thorvaldsson ( born 1 April 1982 in Vestmannaeyjar , Iceland ) , is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a striker for BK Häcken and the Icelandic national team .
Wilbert Montgomery ( born September 16 , 1954 ) is a former American football player in the National Football League for nine years with the Philadelphia Eagles and Detroit Lions .
Dave Levenick was a player in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons in 1983 and 1984 as a linebacker .
Justin Pogge ( born April 22 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender with Färjestad BK of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Banou Diawara ( born February 13 , 1992 ) is a Burkinabé footballer who plays for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club JS Kabylie .
Ali Qasim Mshari ( Arabic : علي قاسم مشاري‎ , born January 20 , 1994 ) is an Iraqi professional footballer who currently plays for Al Masafi in the Iraqi Premier League .
Dmitry Lipartov ( Russian : Дмитрий Липартов ) ( born April 2 , 1973 in Leningrad , Russian SFSR ) is a Russian professional footballer , who plays as a striker for JK Sillamäe Kalev in the Estonian Meistriliiga .
Marco Bortolami ( ( ˈmarko bɔrtoˈlami ) ; born 12 June 1980 ) is an Italian international rugby union player , playing club rugby for Zebre in the Celtic League .
Joe Hollimon ( born November 5 , 1952 in Trumann , Arkansas ) is a former defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League from 1976 - 1985 .
Brian Makepeace ( born 6 October 1931 in Rossington ) was an English footballer who captained and played as a right back for Doncaster Rovers .
Daniel Ginczek ( born 13 April 1991 in Arnsberg ) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for VfB Stuttgart in the Bundesliga .
Marius Nae ( born 9 February 1981 , Bucharest ) is a Romanian professional association football player , who currently plays for CS Juventus București .
Jack Purse ( 28 June 1879 -- 2 March 1953 ) was an Australian rules football player at the St Kilda Football Club and the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Arnaldo Antonio Sanabria Ayala ( born 4 March 1996 ) , also known as Tonny Sanabria , is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Sporting de Gijón on loan from Italian club A.S. Roma as a striker .
Colince Ngaha Poungoue ( born 26 April 1981 , Cameroon ) is a professional Cameroonian football striker who plays for FC Stal Alchevsk in the Ukrainian First League .
Ri Yong - jik ( born 8 February 1991 ) is a North Korean international football player who plays for V - Varen Nagasaki .
Jardel Santana da Silva ( born 10 December 1978 in Natal , Rio Grande do Norte , Brazil is a Brazilian footballer . He normally plays as a midfielder , and is a former player for Persisam and Persma Manado . He is currently playing for Liga Primer Indonesia side Manado United .
Ali Wahaib Shnaiyn ( Arabic : علي وهيب شنين‎ ; born 24 December 1975 ) is an Iraqi international footballer who plays professionally as a midfielder for Al - Kahraba .
Boubacar Keita ( born on May 20 , 1984 in Conakry ) is a Guinean - born Nigerian footballer that currently plays for Sporting Clube de Goa in the I - League .
Brandon Benedict ( born June 10 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Nottingham Panthers in the Elite Ice Hockey League in the United Kingdom .
Nicolas Dikoumé ( born November 21 , 1973 in Yaoundé ) is a former professional Cameroonian footballer , who last playing for Canon Yaoundé .
Ylenia Carabott ( born 2 March 1989 ) is a Maltese football forward playing for Hibernians F.C ..
Attila Baumgartner ( born 13 June 1977 in Körmend ) is a Hungarian football ( midfielder ) player who currently plays for Gyirmót SE .
Paul Kok ( born 21 December 1994 in Hoorn ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a left back for FC Oss in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Jones Lopes da Silva , better known as Jones Carioca ( born October 14 , 1988 in Caratinga ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Giresunspor as a Midfielder .
Ivan Lobay ( Ukrainian : Іван Володимирович Лобай ; born 21 May 1996 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Hampus Zackrisson started playing football with local side Skene IF , before he joined IFK Göteborg 's youth academy in 2008 .
Mike Renaud ( born May 25 , 1983 ) is a former professional Canadian football punter for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Sena Suzuki ( born August 4 , 1991 ) is a Japanese ice hockey player forthe Toronto Furies and the Japanese national team .
Stephen Blunden ( born 5 April 1989 ) is a Canadian semi - professional ice hockey forward or left winger who plays for CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League in Australia .
Kevin Senio is a New Zealand rugby union professional who currently plays for ASM Clermont Auvergne .
John Weckström ( born 26 December 1980 ) is a Finnish professional football player who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side FC Haka based in Valkeakoski , Finland .
Vesa Vasara ( born 16 August 1976 ) is a Finnish former professional footballer who played for the Veikkausliiga sides HJK Helsinki , FF Jaro , and FC Honka , as well as for Kalmar FF in Sweden .
Kevin Zeitler ( /ˈzaɪtlər/ ZYT - lər ; born March 8 , 1990 ) is an American football guard for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Max Rooke ( born Jarad Maxwell Rooke on 19 December 1981 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer , who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Belkacem Remache ( born October 12 , 1985 in Constantine ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a defender for JS Kabylie in the Algerian league .
Sofiane Bouterbiat signed with MC Oran in the summer of 2011 , joining them on a free transfer from USM Annaba .
Doug Jarvis began his hockey career with the Peterborough Petes in the OHA .
Julian Rowe ( born 25 May 1985 ) is an Australian rules footballer with the Old Carey Football Club in the Victorian Amateur Football League , formerly with the AFL 's Collingwood Football Club .
Clément Pinault ( 4 February 1985 in Grasse , Alpes - Maritimes -- 22 January 2009 ) was a French football defender who last played for Clermont Foot .
Deni Milošević ( born 9 March 1995 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Belgian club Waasland - Beveren on loan from Belgian club Standard Liège .
Gatis Smukulis ( born 15 April 1987 ) is a Latvian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Team Katusha .
Vyacheslav Shevchenko ( Ukrainian : В'ячеслав Тарасович Шевченко ; born 30 May 1985 in Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for Uzbek League club Qizilqum Zarafshon .
Pierre Veiga Sodre ( born May 31 , 1987 in Encruzilhada do Sul ) is a Brazilian Midfielder , currently playing for Moto Club de São Luís .
Imanol Harinordoquy ( born 20 February 1980 ) is a French rugby union player who typically plays as a number 8 for Stade Toulousain at club level in the Top 14 and for France internationally .
Torben Boye ( born 2 May 1966 ) is a Danish former professional football ( soccer ) player , who played his entire career for Danish Superliga club Aalborg Boldspilklub ( AaB ) .
Chris Fusaro ( born 21 July 1989 ) is a professional rugby player for Glasgow Warriors in the RaboDirect Pro12 .
Dariusz Ulanowski ( born 3 March 1971 in Słupsk , Poland ) is a former footballer who played in Ekstraklasa for Arka Gdynia .
Steven Deana ( born 4 March 1990 ) is a Swiss football goalkeeper currently playing for FC Sion .
Ivan Santini ( born 21 May 1989 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Belgian club Standard Liège .
Radek Dejmek ( born 2 February 1988 in Vrchlabí ) is a Czech football defender , who currently plays Ekstraklasa side Korona Kielce in Poland .
Jason Gavadza ( born January 31 , 1976 in Toronto , Ontario ) was a Canadian Football League fullback for the Toronto Argonauts and BC Lions .
Johan Svedberg ( born February 14 , 1980 in Kalix , Sweden ) is a defenceman currently playing for the Leksands IF in the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Patrik Norén ( born December 1 , 1992 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenseman currently on loan to Timrå IK of the HockeyAllsvenskan from Leksands IF of the Swedish Hockey League .
Dane McDonald ( born 14 July 1987 ) is an Australian rugby league player , who last played for Sheffield Eagles in the European Co - operative Championship .
Tim Fleming ( born 5 April 1978 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club in early 2000s .
Ronny Firmansyah ( born in Pasuruan , East Java , May 4 , 1981 ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSMS Medan in the Indonesian Premier League as a midfielder .
Moise Poida ( born April 2 , 1978 ) is a Vanuatuan footballer ( striker ) who is currently the manager for the Vanuatu national football team and Tafea .
Aric Anderson ( born April 9 , 1965 ) a former linebacker in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers .
Rodrigo Saraz ( born August 26 , 1978 ) is a Colombian footballer currently playing for Deportivo Coopsol of the Segunda Division in Peru .
Justin Bostrom ( born 20 March 1986 in Vadnais Heights , Minnesota ) is an American professional ice hockey forward , who plays for the Düsseldorfer EG in the German DEL .
Frantz Gilles ( born 1 November 1977 ) is a Haitian football ( soccer ) player , who currently plays as a defender for Haitian League side AS Cavaly .
Issa Gouo ( born 9 September 1989 ) is a Burkina Faso professional footballer , who plays as a defender for Guinean side AS Kaloum Star and the Burkina Faso national football team .
On 15 May 2003 , at age 19 , Roni Porokara made his league debut in a match between FC Hämeenlinna and KuPS .
Sharif Al - Nawaisheh ( born 27 December 1987 ) is a Jordanian footballer , who is a Striker for That Ras Club , and the Jordan national football team .
Tomasz Moskała ( born April 5 , 1977 in Wadowice ) is a Polish footballer ( striker ) who currently plays for Puszcza Niepołomice .
Clyde Conner ( May 18 , 1933 -- December 12 , 2011 ) was a professional American football player who played wide receiver for eight seasons for the San Francisco 49ers .
In 2004 , Mouhcine Moutouali joined the youth team of Raja Casablanca at the age of 18 .
Michaël Citony ( born 21 August 1980 in Villiers - le - Bel ) is a French football midfielder who currently plays for R.F.C. de Liège in the Belgian Third Division .
Almog Cohen ( Hebrew : אלמוג כהן‎ , born 1 September 1988 ) is an Israeli footballer playing for Bundesliga side FC Ingolstadt 04 .
Semir Sadović Born in Novi Pazar , began his career in his native Serbia playing for FK Voždovac in the Serbian First League .
Neville Bruns ( born 3 October 1958 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian / Australian Football League for Geelong Football Club .
Jack Ziebell ( born 28 February 1991 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Youssouf Falikou Fofana ( born 26 July 1966 in Divo ) is a retired Côte d'Ivoire footballer who played for clubs like ASEC Mimosas , AS Cannes , AS Monaco FC , Girondins de Bordeaux , Karşıyaka S.K. and Al - Nassr as well as the Côte d'Ivoire national football team .
Jale Dreloa ( born 21 April 1995 ) is a Fijian footballer who plays as a central defender for Suva F.C ..
Nick Hebeler is a former professional Canadian football defensive lineman who played nine years in the Canadian Football League , for the BC Lions from 1979 to 1985 and the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1986 and 1987 .
Hüseyin Kala ( born 5 May 1987 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Adana Demirspor .
Bauyrzhan Dzholchiyev ( Kazakh : Бауыржан Жолшиев , born 8 May 1990 ) is a Kazakh footballer who plays for FC Astana and Kazakhstan national football team , as a striker .
Yonathan David Rodríguez Auyanet , commonly known as Yoni ( born 19 March 1979 in Las Palmas , Canary Islands ) , is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Vecindario as a forward .
Eli Templeton is an Australian rules footballer currently playing with the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
In August 2011 Élson moved to FC Rostov .
Jonas Lundén is a Swedish former footballer who last played for GAIS in Allsvenskan .
Patrick Rahmen learned his football skill playing in the FC Basel youth system .
Emmanuel Nosakhare Igiebor ( born 9 November 1990 ) , commonly known as Nosa Igiebor or Nosa , is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C ..
Julien Poueys ( born July 27 , 1979 in Paris , France ) is a French footballer with FC Chartres .
Markus Paatelainen ( born 23 January 1983 in Valkeakoski , Finland ) is a Finnish football midfielder , who is currently playing alongside his brother Mikko for IFK Mariehamn .
Rakan Al - Khalidi ( born on October 21 , 1988 ) is a Jordanian footballer who plays as a striker for Al - Ramtha SC and the Jordan national football team .
Ryan Haggerty ( born March 4 , 1993 ) is an American professional ice hockey forward under contract with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Nolan Patrick ( born September 19 , 1998 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player currently playing with the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) .
Rob Milligan ( born 17 April 1990 in Northampton , Northamptonshire , England ) was a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership .
Thomas Gebauer ( born 30 June 1982 ) is a German - Austrian footballer currently playing for and captaining SV Ried .
Navonda Moore ( born November 4 , 1984 ) is an American professional women 's basketball player in the WNBA , previously playing for the Minnesota Lynx .
Danny Gray ( born 21 May 1983 ) is a rugby union fly half who plays for the Worcester Warriors , having played for French side US Montauban , Exeter Chiefs and Bristol Rugby .
François Dubourdeau ( born December 4 , 1980 in Angoulême , Charente ) is a French footballer who completed his career by playing for Cincinnati Kings in the USL Second Division .
Dennis Dengering ( Spaubeek , 6 March 1993 ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a right back for Fortuna Sittard in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Dmitri Anatolyevich Kosenko ( Russian : Дмитрий Анатольевич Косенко ; born July 15 , 1992 ) is a Russian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Piter Saint Petersburg .
Marlind Nuriu ( born 5 July 1997 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a left defender for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
Borja Martínez Giner ( born 2 March 1994 ) , known as simply Borja , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa on loan from RCD Espanyol as a left winger .
Maxime Médard ( born 16 November 1986 in Toulouse ) is a French rugby union player who plays his club rugby for French club Stade Toulousain in Top 14 and France internationally .
Davy Uwimana ( born 8 May 1985 ) is a Canadian former professional soccer player who last played for the Trois - Rivières Attak .
Che Bunce ( born 29 August 1975 in Auckland ) is a New Zealand footballer is a player - coach for Waikato FC in the NZFC .
Rubén Cruz Gil ( born 13 October 1985 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a left winger .
Jamaal Abdul - Lateef ( born Jackson Keith Wilkes on May 2 , 1953 ) , better known as Jamaal Wilkes , is a retired American basketball player who played the small forward position and won four NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers and Golden State Warriors .
Karol Sloboda ( born April 16 , 1983 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently under contract to HC Lada Togliatti in the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Franco Tancredi ( born 10 January 1955 in Giulianova ) is an Italian former football goalkeeper who played for A.S. Roma and Italy .
Thapelo Tale ( born 22 April 1988 ) is a Mosotho football striker who plays for FC Andorra .
Adrien Hunou ( born 19 January 1994 ) is a French footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Ligue 2 side Clermont Foot , on loan from Stade Rennais .
Karl Ehmer ( 25 November 1906 -- 12 November 1978 ) was a German footballer who played most of his career as a forward for Eintracht Frankfurt from 1927 to 1938 .
Shane Grambeau ( born 17 October 1952 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for the St Kilda Football Club and Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Tiago Queiroz Bezerra or also known as Tiago Bezerra ( born 17 February 1987 ) , is a Brazilian professional striker who currently plays for Adana Demirspor in TFF First League .
Henrik Ernst ( born 2 September 1986 ) is a German footballer playing for RB Leipzig II . Ernst made his professional debut on 17 October 2009 when he came on for the final five minutes of Hannover 96 's away game at Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga .
Jaime Lazcano Escolá ( December 30 , 1909 -- June 1 , 1983 ) , was a Spanish footballer who played for Real Madrid , Atlético Madrid and Spain during the 1920s and 1930s .
Riley Holzapfel ( born August 18 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player , currently contracted by Karlskrona HK in the Swedish Hockey League .
Gordon Dwight Carruthers ( born November 7 , 1944 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in two National Hockey League ( NHL ) games , one with the Detroit Red Wings and the other with the Philadelphia Flyers .
Petr Franěk ( born 5 April 1975 in Most ) is a Czech ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the HC Litvínov of the Czech Extraliga .
Jimmy Wayne Tolleson ( born November 22 , 1955 ) is an American former professional baseball infielder who played for the Texas Rangers , Chicago White Sox , and New York Yankees of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
On 31 January 2011 Federico Almerares transferred within Switzerland to Neuchâtel Xamax .
Alhassan Wakaso ( born 7 January 1992 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Rio Ave F.C. as a defensive midfielder or a central defender .
Christian Gentner ( born 14 August 1985 in Nürtingen ) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for and captains VfB Stuttgart .
Jim Boylen is the associate head coach for the Chicago Bulls .
Brian Pederson ( born May 6 , 1981 in Sioux Falls , South Dakota ) is an American soccer player who played for Rochester Thunder in the USL Premier Development League .
George Wolfman was an American college baseball coach who led the California Golden Bears baseball team from 1955 through 1973 , including the Bear 's second national championship in the 1957 College World Series .
Achilleas Poungouras ( Greek : Αχιλλέας Πούγγουρας ) , born 13 December 1995 in Thessaloniki , is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Veria F.C. on loan from PAOK FC as a centre back .
Jérôme Gallion ( born 4 April 1955 , in Toulon ) is a retired French international rugby union scrum half for RC Toulonnais .
Vadim Khomitsky ( born July 21 , 1982 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Avangard Omsk in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Olivier Rambo ( born 8 September 1974 ) is a Martinique - born French footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for AS Illzach Modenheim .
Guillano Grot ( born 15 March 1983 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for WKE in the Dutch Topklasse .
Mohamed Berrabeh ( Arabic : محمد برابح‎ -- born 2 October 1985 , Berkane ) is a Moroccan international footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Moroccan Botola side Wydad Casablanca since signing for them back in 2009 from Mouloudia Oujda .
Uche Sherif ( born September 3 , 1983 in Nigeria ) is a Nigerian footballer who is currently played for Sharks F.C ..
Edgar Martínez ( born January 2 , 1963 ) , nicknamed `` Gar '' and `` Papi '' , is a former Major League Baseball designated hitter and third baseman and current hitting coach of the Seattle Mariners .
Christian Califano ( born 16 May 1972 ) is a former French rugby union player who finished his career at Gloucester Rugby .
Seidu Salifu is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Club Africain in Tunisia .
Dayro Moreno won the Copa Libertadores 2004 with Once Caldas beating Boca Juniors in the final .
Tory Woodbury ( born July 12 , 1978 in Winston - Salem , North Carolina ) was an American football quarterback / wide receiver who most recently was an offseason member of the Buffalo Bills of the NFL .
Steve Crossley ( born 28 November 1990 in Bradford ) is an English rugby league player who is currently signed to Castleford Tigers .
James Cantion was a London Irish rugby union player .
Guy Frazier ( born in Detroit , Michigan ) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League who played for the Cincinnati Bengals ( 1981 - -1984 ) and the Buffalo Bills ( 1985 - -1986 ) .
Zamirbek Zhumagulov ( born 19 January 1972 in Kyrgyz SSR , now Kyrgyzstan ) who currently plays for FC Dordoi - Plaza .
Ediz Bahtiyaroğlu ( Bosnian : Edis Bahtijarević ) ( 2 January 1986 -- 5 September 2012 ) was a Turkish football player who last played for Eskişehirspor in the Turkish Süper Lig .
Jules Alex Nyom , ( born 3 January 1984 in Cameroon ) , is a Cameroonian soccer goalkeeper , and plays for RoPS .
Jamain Stephens ( Born January 9 , 1974 ) is a former NFL offensive tackle who played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Cincinnati Bengals .
Craig Ochs ( born August 20 , 1981 ) is a former American football quarterback for the San Diego Chargers and Buffalo Bills in the NFL and was also assigned to the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFL Europe in the 2006 season .
Tomislav Višević ( born on December 9 , 1980 in Karlsruhe , West Germany ) is a Bosnian Croat footballer defender playing for NK Osijek in Croatia .
Maurice Rioli ( 1 September 195725 December 2010 ) was an Australian rules football player best known for his time spent with the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Pedro Henrique Konzen Medina da Silva ( born 16 June 1990 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Stade Rennais F.C. FC Zürich Swiss Cup : 2013 - -14
Konsta Hietanen ( born 20 July 1984 ) is a Finnish football player currently playing for FC Lahti in Finnish Veikkausliiga .
Mark Bringas is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for the Meralco Bolts of the Philippine Basketball Association .
Frédéric Bulot ( born 27 September 1990 ) is a Gabonese football player who currently plays for Belgian club Standard Liège in the Belgian Pro League .
It is important to refer that numerous football websites mix another player with same name , Zoran Mamić , however that one born at February 2 , 1967 , and that played in FK Zemun between 1990 and 1992 .
Andriy Poltavtsev ( Ukrainian : Андрій Юрійович Полтавцев ; born 7 December 1991 in Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Guria Lanchkhuti in the Umaglesi Liga .
Eugène Dadi ( born 20 August 1973 in Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire ) is a retired Ivorian football striker who played for Manado United in the Liga Primer Indonesia .
Ronnie Gustave ( born 30 May 1972 ) is a Dominican football manager , who is the manager of Dominica national football team .
Kohei Kato ( born June 14 , 1989 ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko - Biała in the Ekstraklasa .
Kim Ryun - do ( Hangul : 김륜도 ; born 9 July 1991 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Bucheon FC 1995 in K League Challenge .
Handré Pollard ( born 11 March 1994 ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing Super Rugby with the Bulls and in the Top League for NTT Docomo Red Hurricanes .
Adam Lundqvist ( born 20 March 1994 ) , sometimes spelled Adam Lundkvist , is a Swedish footballer who plays for IF Elfsborg as a defender .
Douglas Renato de Jesus ( born 9 March 1983 in Ribeirão Preto , São Paulo ) , known simply as Douglas , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Vitória S.C. as a goalkeeper .
Dennis Hextall ( born April 17 , 1943 ) is a former professional hockey forward who spent most of his career with the Minnesota North Stars and Detroit Red Wings .
Álvaro Enrique Peña Montero ( born 8 March 1989 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan footballer who currently plays for Japanese club Montedio Yamagata as a midfielder .
Luiz Fernando Borges Romão , simply Romão ( born 31 July 1989 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Red Bull Brasil , as a forward .
In 1981 Pelézinha quit school and left América to join EC Radar on a professional basis .
Mokhamad Syaifuddin ( born in Surabaya , Indonesia , August 9 , 1992 ) is an Indonesian footballer , currently plays for PSS Sleman as a Defender .
Sidney Johnson ( born March 7 , 1965 in Los Angeles , California ) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Kansas City Chiefs and the Washington Redskins .
Chancel Massa is a Congolese professional footballer , who plays as a goal keeper for AC Léopards .
Raphael Herburger ( born January 2 , 1989 ) is an Austrian ice hockey player who is currently playing for EHC Biel of the National League A. Herburger competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men 's national ice hockey team .
After Lille , Rudi García joined Stade Malherbe Caen , where he was coached by Robert Nouzaret and Daniel Jeandupeux .
Rudy Linterman ( born October 30 , 1947 ) is a former professional Canadian football running back who played for the Calgary Stampeders from 1968 through 1977 , and for the Toronto Argonauts in 1977 .
Christoph Stückler ( born 27 May 1980 ) is an Austrian defender currently playing for SC Austria Lustenau .
Sergio Rico González ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ' serxjo ' riko ɣon'θaleθ ) ; born 1 September 1993 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sevilla FC as a goalkeeper .
Mike Jemison ( born June 3 , 1983 in Greencastle , Pennsylvania ) is an American football player who last played running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League and running back for the Hamburg Sea Devils of NFL Europe .
Gareth Stephens ( born 15 April 1974 ) is a former rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Leeds , Castleford Tigers , Hull and Sheffield Eagles , and at representative level for Great Britain U-21 and Wales , as a Stand - off / Five - eighth , or Scrum - half / Halfback .
Jazmine Reeves ( born January 30 , 1992 ) is an American retired soccer forward who played one season in the National Women 's Soccer League for the Boston Breakers .
Philippe Seydoux ( born 23 January 1985 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey player with the Lausanne HC of the National League A.
Dieter Hecking ( pronounced ( ˈdiːtɐ ˈhɛkɪŋ ) ; born 12 September 1964 ) is a German football manager and former professional player who works as manager of VfL Wolfsburg .
In 2007 Rovérsio signed a one - year contract with F.C. Paços de Ferreira , moving the following campaign to La Liga side CA Osasuna .
William Brian Powell ( October 10 , 1973 -- October 5 , 2009 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from Bainbridge , Georgia , who played in the majors from 1998 to 2004 for the Detroit Tigers , Houston Astros , Philadelphia Phillies , and San Francisco Giants .
Ade Adebisi ( born 1 January 1986 ) is a Nigerian rugby league footballer who currently plays for London Skolars as a Wing .
Mahmoud Dahoud ( born 1 January 1996 ) is a German footballer of Syrian descent who plays as a midfielder for Borussia Mönchengladbach in the Bundesliga .
Travis Major is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Blacktown City FC .
Steve Doerr is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally for the Memphis Americans in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Matthew Ezzy ( born 2 January 1984 ) is an Australian former ice hockey player who played Newcastle North Stars of the Australian Ice Hockey League and was a member of the Australian national team between 2004 and 2011 .
Tadas Papečkys ( born 28 September 1978 in Mariampolė ) is a Lithuanian footballer ( defender ) playing currently for JK Sillamäe Kalev .
Nguyễn Anh Tuấn ( born 19 August 1984 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays for Vicem Hai Phong F.C. as a centre back .
Patrick William Howard , usually known as Pat Howard or Paddy Howard ( born 14 November 1973 ) is an ex - head coach at Leicester Tigers and a former Australian rugby union international who played centre or fly - half .
Mats Rosseli Olsen ( born April 29 , 1991 ) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey forward , currently playing for Frölunda HC in the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Lon Evans ( December 25 , 1911 -- December 11 , 1992 ) was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for five seasons for the Green Bay Packers in the National Football League .
Josef Zinnbauer ( born 1 May 1970 ) is a German retired football midfielder , who currently is the manager of FC St. Gallen .
After a spell back in Brazil with his very first club , lowly Desportiva Capixaba , Sávio signed in August 2008 with Cypriot side Anorthosis Famagusta FC , appearing with the club in the 2008 - -09 Champions League .
Joan Segarra Iracheta ( 15 November 1927 -- 3 September 2008 ) was a Spanish footballer , captain of the `` Barça of the Five Trophies '' , one of the best teams that FC Barcelona have had in their history .
Tyrone Crews was a linebacker in the Canadian Football League playing 7 seasons with the BC Lions .
Choi Kyoung - rok ( Hangul : 최경록 ; born 15 March 1995 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for FC St. Pauli .
Ricardo Peláez Linares ( born 14 March 1963 ) is a former Mexican footballer and current President of Club América .
Tom Dougherty ( May 30 , 1881 -- November 6 , 1953 ) , nicknamed `` Sugar Boy '' , was a baseball pitcher for the Chicago White Sox in 1904 .
Rade Vukotić ( Cyrillic : Paдe Bукoтић , born 25 August 1982 in Bijelo Polje ) is a Montenegrin football forward playing for FK Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje .
Bujar Lika is a Swiss Albanian footballer who plays as defender with FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League .
Bart Straalman ( born 28 August 1996 , Winterswijk ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a centre back for De Graafschap in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Lacey Pauletta is an international footballer who currently plays for Real Rincon of the Bonaire League and the Bonaire national football team .
Born in Santos , São Paulo , Celso started playing for local Botafogo Futebol Clube ( SP ) , sharing teams with future legend Sócrates .
Stephanie McCaffrey ( born February 18 , 1993 ) is an American soccer forward currently playing for Boston Breakers in the National Women 's Soccer League .
Roman Zherzh ( Ukrainian : Роман Жерш ; born 2 December 1985 ) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays for Ukrainian First League club FC Zirka Kirovohrad .
Mark Wiltse ( born May 29 , 1988 in Fairfax , Virginia ) is a former American soccer player , best known for his days with the Charleston Battery of the USL Professional Division .
Brett Keisel ( born September 19 , 1978 ) is a former American football defensive end who played 12 seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Jérôme Porical ( born 20 September 1985 in Perpignan ) is a professional rugby union fullback currently playing for Stade Français in the Top 14 .
Adrian Flynn ( 9 September 1974 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity , Castleford Tigers , Dewsbury Rams , Featherstone Rovers , and Batley Bulldogs , as a Wing , i.e. number 2 or 5 .
Róbert Matejka ( born 30 May 1996 ) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda , on loan from ŠK Slovan Bratislava .
João Gabriel Silva Ferreira ( born 29 July 1986 in Mealhada , Aveiro ) , known as Barroca , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Swiss club Servette FC as a goalkeeper .
Mickey Pruitt ( born January 10 , 1965 in Bamberg , South Carolina ) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Chicago Bears and Dallas Cowboys , and won a Super Bowl ring with the Cowboys in Super Bowl XXVII .
Stephen Vincent Maney ( October 14 , 1886 -- March 13 , 1952 ) was an American Major League Baseball shortstop who played in one game for the Detroit Tigers on May 18 , 1912 .
Ludovic Pollet ( born June 18 , 1970 in Vieux - Condé ) is a French former footballer , currently working as a coach at USL Dunkerque .
Yannis Tafer ( French pronunciation : ​(janis tafɛːʁ ) , born 11 February 1991 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Swiss club FC St. Gallen in the Swiss Super League .
Constant Villegas is a rugby league player for Toulouse Olympique in the Elite One Championship .
Evan Chevalier ( born May 13 , 1992 ) is a French footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Bergerac Périgord FC .
Anthony Koura ( born 6 May 1993 in Le Mans ) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Nîmes Olympique in Ligue 2 .
Paulo Roberto Morais Júnior commonly known as Paulo ( born 25 February 1984 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Hidd SCC in the Bahraini Premier League .
Undrafted , Steve Preece signed a free agent NFL contract with the New Orleans Saints in 1969 , not as a quarterback but as a defensive back .
Dian Agus Prasetyo ( born on August 3 , 1985 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Sriwijaya F.C. in the Indonesia Super League .
Richard Kamara is a Liberian association football player who has represented the Liberia national football team , and played for the Minnesota Twin Stars .
Nwankwo Tochukwu ( born April 27 , 1986 , in Port Harcourt ) is a Nigerian football player currently with the Ventura County Fusion .
Marko Pajač ( born 11 May 1993 ) is a Croatian football midfielder currently playing for NK Celje .
Eerikki Koivu ( born 29 December 1979 in Kokkola , Finland ) is a professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Lørenskog IK in Norway 's GET - ligaen .
Tomasz Kiełbowicz ( born February 21 , 1976 in Hrubieszów ) is a retired Polish footballer ( midfielder or full - back ) , who played for Unia Hrubieszów , Siarka Tarnobrzeg , Raków Częstochowa , Widzew Łódź , Polonia Warsaw and Legia Warsaw .
Born in Bissau , Guinea - Bissau to a father of Portuguese descent , Aladje started playing organized football with Calcio Padova in Italy .
Reza Mustofa Ardiansyah is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persebaya Surabaya as a winger .
Pascal Berenguer ( born May 20 , 1981 , in Marseille , France ) is a French professional football ( soccer ) player , who last played for Tours FC .
Peter Aspinall ( born 4 April 1994 ) is a rugby league player for York City Knights .
James Mighels was a British Naval officer who rose to the rank of Rear Admiral in the Royal Navy .
Joseph R. Lamonde is a former Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps .
The 19th Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the British Army created in 1781 for service in British India .
Vice Admiral Sir John Michael Villiers KCB , OBE ( 22 June 1907 -- 1990 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Fourth Sea Lord .
Janusz Meissner ( nom de plume : `` porucznik Herbert , '' English : `` Flt Lt Herbert '' ; 21 January 1901 in Warsaw -- 28 February 1978 in Kraków ) was a Polish author and journalist , and a pilot of Polish Air Force .
Lieutenant General Wallace H. Robinson ( February 11 , 1920 -- August 17 , 2013 ) was a United States Marine Corps general .
The 169th ( 3rd London ) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw active service in both World War I and World War II . Throughout its existence the brigade , known by many different designations , was an integral part of the 56th ( London ) Infantry Division .
Robert E. Haebel ( born July 18 , 1927 ) is a retired United States Marine Corps major general whose last command was Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton .
General Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson , 6th Baronet ( 25 January 1727 -- 29 August 1798 ) was an officer of the British Army and Member of Parliament .
III Marine Expeditionary Force ( III MEF ) is a formation of the Marine Air - Ground Task Force of the United States Marine Corps .
Jacob Volz ( June 23 , 1889 -- July 22 , 1965 ) was a Carpenter 's Mate Third Class in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the Philippine--
Air Marshal Sir Charles Roderick Carr KBE , CB , DFC , AFC ( 31 August 1891 -- 15 December 1971 ) was a senior Royal Air Force commander from New Zealand .
Charles Gidding or Giddings ( born 1853 , date of death unknown ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor .
Major General Sir Borlase Elward Wyndham Childs KCMG KBE CB ( 15 December 1876 -- 27 November 1946 ) was a British Army officer who also served as Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis from 1921 to 1928 .
He flew for the Royal Air Force Ferry Command during World War II . Louis Bisson received the King 's Commendation for Valuable Service in the Air on 11 June 1942 .
Vice - Admiral Sir Edmund Radcliffe Pears , KBE , CB ( 25 April 1862 - 21 June 1941 ) was a British Royal Navy officer , who served in the First World War .
Ian V. Hogg enlisted in the Royal Artillery of the British Army in April 1945 .
Johnnie David Hutchins ( August 4 , 1922 -- September 4 , 1943 ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in World War II . He enlisted in the Navy from Houston in November 1942 .
John R. Ryan ( born August 15 , 1945 ) is a retired United States Navy vice admiral who served as the Superintendent of the United States Naval Academy and as the Chancellor of the State University of New York .
James Trevenen ( 1 January 1760 -- 9 August 1790 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy and the Imperial Russian Navy .
Kevin B. Kuklok retired from the United States Marine Corps as a Major General after over thirty years of service .
Frank Jack Fletcher ( April 29 , 1885 -- April 25 , 1973 ) was an admiral in the United States Navy during World War II . Fletcher was the operational commander at the pivotal Battles of Coral Sea and of Midway .
The 58th ( 2/1st London ) Division was an infantry division created in 1915 as part of the massive expansion of the British Army during World War I. It was a 2nd Line Territorial Force formation raised as a duplicate of the 56th ( 1/1st London ) Division .
The Welsh Guards ( WG ) , ( Welsh : Gwarchodlu Cymreig ) , part of the Guards Division , is one of the Foot Guards regiments of the British Army .
Henry Carlton Cumberbatch ( 8 December 1900 -- 27 January 1966 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served as a submarine commander before and at the start of World War II .
George Augustus Eliott , 1st Baron Heathfield , PC , KB ( 25 December 1717 -- 6 July 1790 ) was a British Army officer who served in three major wars during the eighteenth century .
Charles Mitchell Thomas ( October 1 , 1846 - -July 3 , 1908 ) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy who served for 47 years .
Walter Schindler ( December 10 , 1897 -- April 3 , 1991 ) was a highly decorated career officer in the United States Navy , who ultimately achieved the rank of Vice Admiral .
Franz Anton Itrich ( November 26 , 1853 -- June 11 , 1933 ) was a chief carpenter 's mate serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
Carl Ferdinand Pfeifer ( December 18 , 1915 -- May 12 , 2001 ) was an officer in the United States Navy and aid to Presidents Harry S. Truman and Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Vice Admiral William Douglas Crowder retired from the United States Navy in November 2009 after serving as the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Operations , Plans and Strategy ( N3/N5 ) .
Generalleutnant Kurt - Bertram von Döring ( 18 February 1889 in Ribbekardt -- 9 July 1960 in Medingen ) was a German World War II Luftwaffe Generalleutnant .
Major General ( Thomas ) Herbert Shoubridge CB , CMG , DSO ( 1871 -- 1923 ) was a British Army officer who became Commandant of the Royal Military College Sandhurst .
Colonel Harry Noel Havelock Wild OBE ( usually referred to as Noel Wild ) was a British Army officer during the Second World War .
Barrington Dacres ( died 25 October 1806 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy , who saw service during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Commodore John R. Goldsborough ( 2 July 1809 -- 22 June 1877 ) was an officer in the United States Navy .
The Royal Corps of Signals ( often simply known as the Royal Signals - abbreviated to R SIGNALS ) is one of the combat support arms of the British Army .
Marshall MacDermott ( c.1791 -- 3 November 1877 ) was a British Army officer and member of the South Australian Legislative Council 1855 to 1857 and a member for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Flinders from 1857 to 1859 .
The King 's Own Malta Regiment was a territorial infantry regiment on the British Army colonial list prior to Malta 's independence .
Thomas Cranley Onslow ( 7 October 1778 -- 7 July 1861 ) was a British politician and British Army officer , the second son of Thomas Onslow , 2nd Earl of Onslow .
The Devon and Cornwall County Division was a County Division of the British Army formed on 28 February 1941 .
Admiral Sir Alan Geoffrey Hotham KCMG CB ( 3 October 1876 -- 10 July 1965 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy .
Air Marshal Sir John Humphrey Edwardes - Jones KCB , CBE , DFC , AFC ( 15 August 1905 -- 19 January 1987 ) was a senior Royal Air Force commander .
The Wessex Regiment was a Territorial Army ( TA ) infantry regiment of the British Army between 1971 and 1995 .
Victor G. Guillory is a retired United States Navy rear admiral who , in his last position , served as the Commander , United States Fourth Fleet .
Brigadier General Carmelita Vigil - Schimmenti ( born December 16 , 1936 ) was an officer of the United States Air Force , who in 1985 became the first Hispanic female to attain the rank of Brigadier General .
Richard Nigel Cullen , DFC ( 5 June 1917 -- 4 March 1941 ) was an Australian fighter ace of World War II . Serving with the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) , he was credited with as many as sixteen aerial victories before being killed in action during the Battle of Greece .
Baldomero López ( August 23 , 1925 -- September 15 , 1950 ) was a first lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps during the Korean War .
Captain Edward Rotheram CB RN ( 27 December 1753 -- 6 November 1830 ) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy , who served for many years during the American War of Independence , French Revolutionary War and Napoleonic Wars .
Captain William Cornwallis Symonds ( 1810 -- 23 November 1841 ) was a British Army officer who was prominent in the early colonisation of New Zealand .
Lieutenant General Erhard Bühler ( born 20 January 1956 ) is an officer of the German Army , and the current Director General for Planning German Ministry of Defence in Berlin , Germany .
The 602 Commando Company ( Spanish : Compañía de Comandos 602 ) is a special operations unit of the Argentine Army .
Admiral James Fife , Jr. ( January 22 , 1897 - November 1 , 1975 ) was a United States Navy admiral who was promoted to four star rank after retirement as a `` tombstone admiral '' .
Admiral Sir Henry D'Esterre Darby , KCB , ( 1750 - -1823 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy .
Owen Lewis Cope Williams ( 13 July 1836 -- 15 January 1913 ) was a British Army officer and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1885 .
Anna Hruby is the daughter of Joy Hruby , a recipient of an OAM for her contribution to community broadcasting as a producer for TVS ( Television Sydney ) , Anna has a brother actor Frank Hruby and sister Janette Hruby , she is married to Kim Cheshire and has a daughter Polly Cheshire .
Melpomene is the daughter of Zeus and Mnemosyne .
Dansili 's dam , Hasili , won four races as a two - year - old and is a daughter of Epsom Derby winner Kahyasi .
Archduchess Charlotte of Austria ( German : Erzherzogin Charlotte von Österreich ; 1 March 1921 -- 23 July 1989 ) was a daughter of Emperor Charles I of Austria and his wife Princess Zita of Bourbon - Parma .
Wilhelm Kettler was the youngest son of Gotthard Kettler and his wife Anna of Mecklenburg .
The Abitibi River is a river in northeastern Ontario , Canada , which flows northwest from Lake Abitibi to join the Moose River which empties into James Bay .
Mummel River rises on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range , below Mount Sugarloaf , southeast of Walcha and flows generally south by west , southeast , and then south southeast , joined by one minor tributary , before reaching its confluence with the Cooplacurripa River , north of Giro , northwest of Taree .
Wiconisco Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Schuylkill and Dauphin counties , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
The Bou Regreg ( Arabic : أبو رقراق‎ ) is a river located in western Morocco which discharges to the Atlantic Ocean between the cities of Rabat and Salé .
The Selz is a river in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , and a left hand tributary of the Rhine .
Alapin 's Opening is an unusual chess opening that starts with the moves : 1.e4 e5 2.Ne2 It is named after the Russo - Lithuanian player and openings analyst Semyon Alapin ( 1856 - -1923 ) .
Because of its location at the equator , Ecuador experiences little variation in daylight hours during the course of a year .
Lubusz Land ( Polish : Ziemia Lubuska , Lubusz ; German : Land Lebus ) is a historical region and cultural landscape in Poland and Germany on both sides of the Oder river .
Norman Bethune Square ( French : Place Norman - Bethune ) is a small urban square located in Downtown Montreal at the northwest intersection of Guy Street and De Maisonneuve Boulevard West .
The Teutoburg Forest / Egge Hills Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Teutoburger Wald / Eggegebirge ) is a nature park founded in 1965 in the northeast of the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
New Grub Street is a novel by George Gissing published in 1891 , which is set in the literary and journalistic circles of 1880s London .
The Hunchback of Notre - Dame ( French : Notre - Dame de Paris ) is a French Romantic novel by Victor Hugo published in 1831 .
The Driver ( Ryan O'Neal ) - real name unknown - has made a career out of stealing cars to use as getaway vehicles in big - time robberies all over Los Angeles .
The girls follow it into the basement of a building , where they are drawn through a gap between the worlds of London and Un Lun Dun ( or UnLondon ) .
Have Dreams , Will Travel ( also known as West Texas Lullaby , A West Texas Children 's Story , and Dream It Out Loud ) is a 2007 drama film set in the 1960s .
In 1967 in Dublin , the unexpected death of Agnes Browne 's husband sends her family , consisting of seven children aged between two and fourteen , into emotional turmoil and financial crisis .
Our Day Out is a television play about deprived children from Liverpool in the United Kingdom .
O Pioneers ! tells the story of the Bergsons , a family of Swedish immigrants in the farm country near the fictional town of Hanover , Nebraska , at the turn of the 20th century .
The setting for Life Is Elsewhere is Czechoslovakia before , during , and after the Second World War , and tells the story of Jaromil , a character who dedicates his life to poetry .
A Walking Tour of the Shambles ( Little Walks For Sightseers # 16 ) ( 2002 ) , written by Neil Gaiman and Gene Wolfe , is a novel in the form of a tour guide concerning a fictional part of Chicago called ' The Shambles ' .
Smart People was filmed on location in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , including several scenes at Carnegie Mellon University and the Pittsburgh International Airport .
Dogs in Space is a 1986 Australian film set in Melbourne 's Little band scene in 1978 .
His Family tells the story of a middle - class family in New York City in the 1910s .
The abject disaster of Cutthroat Island is also credited with significantly reducing the bankability and Hollywood production of pirate - themed films , which recovered only with the production of Disney 's Pirates of the Caribbean :
Children Without is a 1964 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim , about a young girl and her brother growing up in the housing projects of Detroit .
The Last Message is a 1975 Hong Kong comedy film directed by and starring Michael Hui , and co - starring Samuel Hui , with a cameo appearance by Ricky Hui .
Stolen Paradise also released as Adolescence is a 1940 youth film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and filmed in and around Coral Gables , Florida .
No , Honestly featured the real - life married couple of Pauline Collins and John Alderton respectively as Clara and Charles `` CD '' Danby , a newlywed couple living in London .
Mad About Mambo is a 2000 British / Irish co - production , filmed in Dublin but set in Belfast , written and directed by John Forte .
The series stars Rebecca Romijn as Pepper Dennis , a television reporter for an evening news broadcast at the fictional television station WEiE ( specifically with a small i ) in Chicago .
Cry Danger is a 1951 film noir thriller shot in twenty - two days in Los Angeles .
The Travelling Players ( Greek : Ο Θίασος , translit . O Thiassos ) is a 1975 Greek film directed by Theodoros Angelopoulos that traces the history of mid-20th century Greece from 1939 to 1952 .
The Troops of St. Tropez ( French : Le gendarme de Saint - Tropez ; literally The Policeman from Saint - Tropez ) is a 1964 French comedy film with Louis de Funès .
Principal photography for Inside Man began in June 2005 and concluded in August of that year ; filming took place on location in New York City .
Jesus Camp is about the `` Kids On Fire School of Ministry '' , a charismatic Christian summer camp located just outside Devils Lake , North Dakota and run by Becky Fischer and her ministry , `` Kids in Ministry International . ''
Georges Moustaki ( born Giuseppe Mustacchi ; May 3 , 1934 -- May 23 , 2013 ) was an Egyptian - French singer - songwriter of Italo - Greek origin , best known for the poetic rhythm and simplicity of the romantic songs he composed and often sang .
Alain Terzian ( born 2 May 1949 ) is a French - Armenian film producer , Administrator of Cannes Film Festival jury , President of Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma .
Sybe Minnema ( June 19 , 1924 -- July 19 , 2015 ) , known by his pen name Sybren Polet , was a Dutch prose writer and poet .
Claude Simon ( French : ( simɔ̃ ) ; 10 October 1913 -- 6 July 2005 ) was a Malagasy - French author and academic , and the 1985 Nobel Laureate in Literature .
Sir Constantijn Huygens ( 4 September 1596 -- 28 March 1687 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age poet and composer .
Patrick Bruders is an American musician , best known as the current bassist for heavy metal supergroup Down , the former bassist of the blackened death metal band Goatwhore from 1997 to 2004 , and the former bassist for the seminal sludge metal band , Crowbar from 2005 until 2013 .
Scott Rankin ( * 1959 in Sydney ) is an Australian theatre director , writer and co - founder and Creative Director of the arts and social change company Big hART .
Paul Hutcheon is a Scottish political journalist who currently serves as Investigations Editor for the Sunday Herald .
Neslihan Şenocak ( born in İzmir , c. 1976 ) is a Turkish historian , and instructor at Bilkent University , Ankara and at Columbia University in the city of New York .
William Denman Eberle ( June 5 , 1923 -- April 3 , 2008 ) was an American politician and businessman from Idaho who held the office of Trade Representative from 1971 to 1974 under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford .
Odontanthias is a genus of fishes in the subfamily Anthiinae .
The Venezuelan tyrannulet ( Zimmerius improbus ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Verreaux 's coua ( Coua verreauxi ) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
The Dinelli 's doradito ( Pseudocolopteryx dinelliana ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Rhopalini is a tribe of insects in the subfamily Rhopalinae , family Rhopalidae , order Heteroptera .
Phaeonematoloma is a small genus of slender , fleshy mushrooms in the family Strophariaceae with large , brownish spores with a germ pore and with conspicuous chrysocystidia .
The Dominican Anole or Eyed Anole ( Anolis oculatus ) is a species of anole lizard .
The Colombian wood turtle ( Rhinoclemmys melanosterna ) is a one of nine species of turtle belonging to the genus Rhinoclemmys of the family Geoemydidae .
Scirpus is a genus of aquatic , grass - like species in the family Cyperaceae ( the sedges ) , many with the common names club - rush or bulrush ( see also bulrush for other plant genera so - named ) .
Speotarus lucifugus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Speotarus .
The San Gil climbing salamander or San Gil mushroomtongue salamander ( Bolitoglossa nicefori ) is a species of salamander belonging to the family Plethodontidae .
Micropogonias is a genus of fish in the family Sciaenidae ( Croakers ) .
The Fuertes 's parrot ( Hapalopsittaca fuertesi ) , also known as the indigo - winged parrot , is a parrot which has a highly restricted range on the west slope of the Central Andes of Colombia .
Amphoroidea is a genus of isopod of the family Sphaeromatidae , containing the following species :
The Canary Islands stonechat ( Saxicola dacotiae ) , also known as the Fuerteventura stonechat or Fuerteventura chat , and formerly known as the Canary Islands chat due to its once widespread distribution on the Canary Islands .
Aulacosphinctoides is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod that lived during the Late Jurassic ( Late Kimmeridgian to early Tithonian ) , included in the ammonitid family Perisphinctidae .
Mastigodiaptomus is a genus of Neotropical copepods in the family Diaptomidae .
Mitostigma is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1844 .
Indirana is a genus of frogs , the sole member of the Ranixalidae family .
Rhyssa is a genus of ichneumon wasps belonging to the family Ichneumonidae subfamily Rhyssinae .
The Venezuelan herring ( Jenkinsia parvula ) is a species of fish in the Clupeidae family .
The Chatham oystercatcher or Chatham Island oystercatcher ( Haematopus chathamensis ) is a species of oystercatcher .
The Pacific elaenia ( Myiopagis subplacens ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
The Johannes 's tody - tyrant ( Hemitriccus iohannis ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Erotylus is a genus of Pleasing Fungus Beetles in the family Erotylidae .
Paramelita is a genus of crustacean in family Paramelitidae , containing the following species :
Clausidiidae is a family of parasitic copepods of the order Poecilostomatoida , containing the following genera :
Ophichthus fowleri , also known as the Fowler 's snake eel is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae .
The Sunda teal ( Anas gibberifrons ) , also known as the Bebek cokelat , is a dabbling duck found in open wetlands in Indonesia .
The Southern pygmy leatherjacket ( Brachaluteres jacksonianus ) is a filefish endemic to Australia , found in temperate coastal waters and reefs from southern Queensland around to south - west Western Australia , including Tasmania .
Gotoblemus ii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Gotoblemus .
In 1961 , the Italian biologist Antonio Giordano Soika , during his revision of the Eumenidae family , founded , at the 11th Congress of the Entomological Society in Vienna , the new genus Brachymenes and described the new species Brachymenes dyscherus .
Bonneterrina , Carinamala , Cedaria , Cedarina , Paracedaria , Jimachongia and Vernaculina together comprise the family Cedariidae .
Saltia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , endemic to the high mountains of East Africa .
Hippelates is a genus of flies in the family Chloropidae and are often referred to as eye gnats or eye flies ( the name is also used for members of the Old World genus Siphunculina ) .
The New Zealand quail ( Coturnix novaezelandiae ) , or koreke ( the Māori name ) , has been extinct since 1875 .
Graham 's stonebasher ( Hippopotamyrus grahami ) is a species of fish in the Mormyridae family .
The subdivision Agaricomycotina , also known as the hymenomycetes , is one of three taxa of the fungal division Basidiomycota ( fungi bearing spores on basidia ) .
Kageneckia is a genus of flowering plant in family Rosaceae .
The Pontic shad ( Alosa immaculata , previously Alosa pontica ) , also referred to as the Black sea shad or Kerch shad , is a species of clupeid fish in the genus Alosa , native to the Black Sea and Sea of Azov basins .
The Arabian chameleon , Chamaeleo arabicus , is a species of chameleon native to the southern Arabian Peninsula .
Ingerana tasanae ( common name : Tasan eastern frog , Tasan frog , Tha san frog , or Smith 's wrinkled frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Botryllus is a genus of colonial ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae .
Polydesmiola is a genus of moths that belongs to the Noctuidae family .
Rhineceps is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian in the family Rhinesuchidae .
General consensus is that Neoglaphyrites belongs in the Bisatoceratidae , although this has not always been the case .
The Greenwood 's shrew ( Crocidura greenwoodi ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Xenasmataceae are a family of corticioid fungi in the order Polyporales .
Notopala is a genus of large , freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Viviparidae , the river snails or mystery snails .
The Chatham petrel ( Pterodroma axillaris ) or ranguru ( Maori ) is a medium - sized , grey , white and black gadfly petrel .
The Hispaniolan solenodon ( Solenodon paradoxus ) , also known as the Dominican solenodon , or agouta , is a solenodon found only on Hispaniola , the island shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic .
The Abyssinian ground thrush ( Geokichla piaggiae ) is a passerine bird native to north - east Africa .
Opisthopterus is a genus of longfin herring in the family Clupeidae .
The Korean brown frog ( Rana coreana ) is a species of frog in the genus Rana .
The Canary Islands oystercatcher , Canarian oystercatcher , or Canarian black oystercatcher ( Haematopus meadewaldoi ) , was a shorebird endemic to Fuerteventura , Lanzarote , and their offshore islets ( Islote de Lobos and the Chinijo Archipelago ) in the Canary Islands , Spain .
Hermya is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae which is in the family of insects .
Condicinae is a subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae , consisting of four genera , Condica , Ogdoconta , Perigea , and Platysenta .
The Ohrid spirlin , Alburnoides ohridanus , is a fish species of Cyprinidae family .
Dicterias is a monotypic genus of damselflies in the family Dicteriadidae .
The São Tomé free - tailed bat ( Chaerephon tomensis ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae .
Ephebopus is a genus in the family of Theraphosidae .
Phyteuma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae , native to Europe and Morocco .
Trichelodes delicatula is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae , the only species in the genus Trichelodes .
Riccardia is a plant genus in the liverwort family Aneuraceae .
Epaena is a genus of African moths of the Thyrididae family .
Crinia is a genus of frog , native to Australia , and part of the family Myobatrachidae .
The Philippine forest horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus inops ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae .
The South Asian river dolphin ( Platanista gangetica ) is a freshwater or river dolphin found in India , Bangladesh , Nepal and Pakistan which is split into two subspecies , the Ganges river dolphin ( P. g. gangetica ) and Indus river dolphin ( P. g. minor ) .
Cheritra is the genus of `` typical '' imperials , butterflies in the family Lycaenidae .
Arytrura is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family and only genus in the subtribe Arytrurina .
The Pirre hummingbird ( Goethalsia bella ) , also somewhat misleadingly known as the rufous - cheeked hummingbird , is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Madecastalia albignaci is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Madecastalia .
The Kolombangara white - eye or hermit white - eye ( Zosterops murphyi ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
Gradiconus is a synonym of a subgenus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the genus Conus , family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Zigzag barb ( Barbus miolepis ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Barbus .
Sutherlandia frutescens ( cancer bush , balloon pea , or sutherlandia ; syn . Colutea frutescens L. , Lessertia frutescens ( L. ) Goldblatt & J.C.Manning ) is a southern African legume which has traditionally been used as an indigenous medicine for a variety of ailments .
The Malayan tree rat ( Pithecheir parvus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Socorro mockingbird ( Mimus graysoni ) is an endangered mockingbird endemic to Socorro Island in Mexico 's Revillagigedo Islands .
A cladistic analysis ( Suzuki et al . , 2004 ; pp . 160 - -161 ) places Nipponosaurus sachalinensis very close to the well - known North American Hypacrosaurus altispinus within the Lambeosaurinae .
Diphasiastrum is a genus of clubmosses in the plant family Lycopodiaceae .
The Veraguan mango ( Anthracothorax veraguensis ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Camissonia , sometimes commonly known as sun cup or sundrop , is a genus of annual and perennial plants in the evening primrose family Onagraceae .
Scythropia is a genus of moths of the ermine moth family ( Yponomeutidae ) .
Phyllodocida is an order of polychaete worms in the subclass Aciculata .
The Balearic shearwater ( Puffinus mauretanicus ) is a medium - sized shearwater in the seabird family Procellariidae .
The African grey hornbill ( Tockus nasutus ) is a member of the hornbill family of tropical near - passerine birds found in the Old World .
Rehderodendron is a genus of five species of flowering plants in the family Styracaceae , native to southeastern Asia , from southwestern China south to Myanmar and Vietnam .
Paramordellistena exilis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , the only species in the genus Paramordellistena .
Cochlespiridae is a taxonomic family of predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Conoidea .
Lepiderema is a genus of nine species of trees known to science , constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae .
The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants , belonging to the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system .
Carpococcyx is a genus of large terrestrial cuckoos in the Cuculidae family .
Achnatherum calamagrostis , also termed Stipa calamagrostis , is a species of grass known by the common names spear grass , needle grass , and silver spike grass .
Human coronavirus OC43 is an enveloped , positive - stranded RNA virus in the species Betacoronavirus-1 ( genus Betacoronavirus , subfamily Coronavirinae , family Coronaviridae , order Nidovirales ) .
Scarlett 's duck ( Malacorhynchus scarletti ) is an extinct duck species from New Zealand which was closely related to the Australian pink - eared duck ( Malacorhynchus membranaceus ) .
Pleurostomophora is a genus of fungi in the family Pleurostomataceae containing 3 species .
Eoscopus is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean euskelian temnospondyl in the family Amphibamidae .
Pliometanastes is an extinct genus of giant ground sloths of the family Megalonychidae endemic to North America during the Miocene epoch through very early Pliocene epoch .
Hemidiaptomus is a genus of freshwater copepods in the family Diaptomidae , containing the following species :
Varanidae is a family of lizards of the superfamily Varanoidea .
The Tanzanian vlei rat ( Otomys lacustris ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Zambezi indigobird ( Vidua codringtoni ) , also known as the twinspot indigobird or green indigobird , is a species of bird in the Viduidae family .
Araniella is a spider genus from the Araneidae family .
The Waigeo rainbowfish ( Melanotaenia catherinae ) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family .
The Saint Lucia warbler ( Setophaga delicata ) is a species of bird in the Parulidae family .
Thamnochortus is a group of plants in the Restionaceae described as a genus in 1767 .
The Asiatic toad or Chusan Island toad ( Bufo gargarizans ) is a species of toad endemic to East Asia .
While other genera within the family Megachilidae may chew leaves or petals into fragments to build their nests , certain species within Megachile neatly cut pieces of leaves or petals , hence their common name .
The Senegal jack , Caranx senegallus ( also known as the African jack ) , is a species of large marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae .
The Round sand - eel ( Bascanichthys cylindricus ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Protoreaster is a genus of sea stars in the family Oreasteridae from the Indo - Pacific .
Volvatella is a genus of sea snails , bubble snails , a marine gastropod sacoglossan mollusk in the family Volvatellidae .
The Malagasy giant rat ( Hypogeomys antimena ) , also known as the votsotsa or votsovotsa , is a nesomyid rodent found only in the Menabe region of Madagascar .
Glacicavicola bathysciodes also known as the Western Blind Cave Beetle is a species of beetle in family Leiodidae .
The Somali pigeon or Somali stock dove ( Columba oliviae ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
The Príncipe sunbird ( Anabathmis hartlaubii ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
Pteralopex is a genus of large megabats in the family Pteropodidae .
The genus Tamarix ( tamarisk , salt cedar ) is composed of about 50 - -60 species of flowering plants in the family Tamaricaceae , native to drier areas of Eurasia and Africa .
Dalembertia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1858 .
Shansisuchus ( meaning `` Shansi Province crocodile '' ) is an extinct genus of archosauriform reptile belonging to the family Erythrosuchidae that lived during the Middle Triassic in what is now China .
Microsphaera is a genus of powdery mildew in the family Erysiphaceae .
Drymaeus is a genus of medium - sized air - breathing , tropical land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Bulimulidae .
Calomela is a genus of beetles commonly called leaf beetles and in the family Chrysomelidae .
The Niceforo 's marsupial frog ( Gastrotheca nicefori ) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family .
The genus Eridacnis ( Ribbontail catsharks ) is a small genus of Fin - back catsharks in the family Proscylliidae .
Acaulona is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae , comprising three species :
The Cumberland snubnose darter ( Etheostoma atripinne ) is a small , perciform fish found it the middle Cumberland River drainage in Tennessee , Kentucky , Virginia , North Carolina , Georgia , and Alabama .
Polymeria is a genus in the tribe Convolvuleae in the family Convolvulaceae .
The Hodgson 's hawk - cuckoo ( Hierococcyx nisicolor ) , also known as the northern hawk - cuckoo is a species of cuckoo found in north - eastern India , Burma , southern China , and southeast Asia .
Buller 's pocket gopher ( Pappogeomys bulleri ) is a species of gopher that is endemic to Mexico .
Gee 's golden langur ( Trachypithecus geei ) , or simply the golden langur , is an Old World monkey found in a small region of western Assam , India and in the neighboring foothills of the Black Mountains of Bhutan .
Pnigomenus kuscheli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Pnigomenus .
Haloquadratum ( `` salt square '' ) is a genus of the family Halobacteriaceae .
The Chinese wren - babbler or Chinese cupwing ( Pnoepyga mutica ) is a species of bird in its own family , Pnoepygidae .
The Kura loach ( Oxynoemacheilus brandtii ) is an Asian species of freshwater fish , occurring in Armenia , Azerbaijan , Turkey and Iran .
Pterotragus lugens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pterotragus .
Patiria , is a genus of starfish in the family Asterinidae from the Pacific Ocean .
The Jamaican laughing frog or Savanna - la - Mar tree frog , Osteopilus brunneus , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Jamaica . It is found mainly inland , and lives and lays eggs in the water contained within bromeliad leaves .
The Halidae are a tiny spider family with only three described species in two genera .
Dinokanaga is a small genus of scorpionfly belonging to the extinct family Dinopanorpidae .
Styphlodromus bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Styphlodromus .
Hoploparia is a genus of fossil lobster belonging to the family Nephropidae .
The Medeoloideae ( syn . Medeoleae ) are a subfamily of monocotyledon perennial , herbaceous mainly bulbous flowering plants in the Liliaceae ( Lily ) family .
Stuhlmann 's starling ( Poeoptera stuhlmanni ) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae .
The taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 places Omphalotrochidae in the superfamilia Euomphaloidea within the Paleozoic molluscs with anisostrophically coiled shells of uncertain position ( Gastropoda ? ) .
The Cainarachi poison frog ( Ameerega cainarachi ; formerly Epipedobates cainarachi ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Peru .
Furcifer antimena , also known as the Antimena chameleon , is a species of chameleon that is endemic to southwest Madagascar .
Echinoplectanum is a genus of Monopisthocotylean Monogeneans , belonging in the family Diplectanidae .
Jackson 's soft - furred mouse or Jackson 's praomys ( Praomys jacksoni ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Petrale sole , Eopsetta jordani , is an edible flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae .
The Colares stingray , Dasyatis colarensis , is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae , native to the shallow brackish waters of the Amazon River estuary in northern Brazil .
The Georgian shemaya ( Alburnus derjugini ) is a species of cyprinid fish in the genus Alburnus .
Isorineloricaria spinosissima , also known as the Zucchini catfish , is a species of Loricariidae endemic to western Ecuador .
Kukufeldia is within Iguanodontia a member of the Styracosterna .
The Chinese bamboo partridge ( Bambusicola thoracicus ) is a small Galliform bird .
Antillogorgia is a genus of soft coral , sea fans in the family Gorgoniidae .
The Caracas brush finch ( Arremon phaeopleurus ) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family .
The Sumatran spiny rat ( Maxomys hylomyoides ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Langat virus ( LGTV ) is a virus of the genus Flavivirus .
The Timor stubtail ( Urosphena subulata ) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family .
The Surucua trogon ( Trogon surrucura ) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family .
The Phycitinae are a subfamily of snout moths ( family Pyralidae ) .
Monodilepas is a species of small sea snail , a keyhole limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
Sinotaia quadrata quadrata Sinotaia quadrata histrica ( Gould , 1859 ) Viviparus quadratus disparis Viviparus quadratus grahami Chen , 1945
The Persian sturgeon ( Acipenser persicus ) is a species of fish in the family Acipenseridae .
Euplocamus is a genus of moths in the tamily Tineidae .
The Midway noctuid moth ( Agrotis fasciata ) also known as Midway mudworm was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family .
Saniella is a flowering plant genus in the family Hypoxidaceae , native to South Africa and Lesotho .
The Anambra waxbill ( Estrilda poliopareia ) is a species of estrildid finch found in wetter land of southern Nigeria .
The Himantariidae are a family of centipedes in the order Geophilomorpha , found almost exclusively in the Northern Hemisphere .
The Magellanic woodpecker ( Campephilus magellanicus ) is a very large woodpecker found along the Andes of Chile and southwestern Argentina ; it is resident within its range .
The South American snapping turtle ( Chelydra acutirostris ) is a species of turtle in the family Chelydridae .
Grylloidea is a superfamily of insects in the order Orthoptera .
Vitrinidae is a family of small , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Limacoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Chthomaloporus is an extinct genus of Anteosaurian synapsid .
Diaea is a spider genus of the family Thomisidae ( crab spiders ) .
The Skyros wall lizard ( Podarcis gaigeae ) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae .
Racemobambos is a genus of bamboo ( tribe Bambuseae within the Poaceae ) and the sole genus of its subtribe , the Racemobambodinae .
Cixiinae is a planthopper subfamily in the family Cixiidae .
Bonaparte and Novas placed Abelisaurus in the newly created family Abelisauridae in 1985 .
' Keyserlingitinae is a subfamily of the Sibiritidae , Early Triassic Ammonoidea .
Callionymus simplicicornis , the Simple - spined dragonet , is a species of dragonet native to the tropical Pacific Ocean where it is known at depths of around 40 metres ( 130 ft ) .
The genus is part of the ancient Araucariaceae family of conifers , a group once widespread during the Jurassic period , but now largely restricted to the Southern Hemisphere except for a number of extant Malesian Agathis .
Hymenopodinae is a subfamily of the mantis family Hymenopodidae .
Philipomyia is a genus of ' horse fly ' belonging to the family Tabanidae subfamily Tabaninae .
The Myxosporea are a class of microscopic parasites , belonging to the Myxozoa .
Eranthis ( winter aconite ) is a genus of eight species of flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae ( Buttercup family ) , native to southern Europe and east across Asia to Japan .
Aschisma is a genus of moss in family Pottiaceae .
The North Island snipe ( Coenocorypha barrierensis ) , also known as the little barrier snipe or tutukiwi , is an extinct species of bird in the sandpiper family , Scolopacidae , that was endemic to New Zealand .
Oarotrechus gracilentus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Oarotrechus .
The Mayr 's swiftlet ( Aerodramus orientalis ) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family .
Zygadenia is an extinct genus of beetles in the family Ommatidae , containing the following species :
Allioideae is a subfamily of monocot flowering plants in the family Amaryllidaceae , order Asparagales .
The Zygopteridales is an extinct order of ferns or fern - like plants the grew primarily in the Carboniferous .
Loxorhynchus is a genus of crabs of the eastern Pacific Ocean in the family Epialtidae .
Chondrorrhina is a genus of fruit and flower chafers belonging to the family Scarabaeidae , subfamily Cetoniinae .
Paraphysornis is an extinct genus of giant flightless predatory birds of the family Phorusrhacidae or `` terror birds '' within the subfamily Brontornithinae that lived in Brazil .
Crepidium ophrydis ( syn . of Dienia ophrydis ) is a member of the family Orchidaceae , endemic to the Philippines .
The Nihoa conehead katydid ( Banza nihoa ) is a species of katydid which is endemic to the Hawaiian island of Nihoa ( Northwestern Hawaiian Islands ) .
Adenorandia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family .
Luminous hake ( Steindachneria argentea ) is a West Atlantic member of the Merluccidae family .
Monzonia sanmarcosana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Monzonia .
Stackhousia is a genus of annual and perennial plants in the family Celastraceae that are native to Australia , New Zealand , Malesia and Micronesia .
Dodecatheon is a genus of herbaceous flowering plants in the family Primulaceae .
The Sulawesi flying fox or Sulawesi fruit bat ( Acerodon celebensis ) is a species of megabat endemic to Indonesia .
The Mount Lyell salamander ( Hydromantes platycephalus ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Nested within Eutherocephalia is a clade called Baurioidea , of which bauriids are the most derived members ( baurioids that fell outside Bauriidae were traditionally all placed within a group called Scaloposauria , but the group is now thought to be a paraphyletic assemblage of basal baurioids ) .
Extriplex is a plant genus in the subfamily Chenopodioideae of the Amaranthaceae family .
The Himalayan quail ( Ophrysia superciliosa ) or mountain quail is a medium - sized quail belonging to the pheasant family .
The Cuban amazon ( Amazona leucocephala ) also known as Cuban parrot or the rose - throated parrot , is a medium - sized mainly green parrot found in woodlands and dry forests of Cuba , the Bahamas and Cayman Islands in the Caribbean .
Phalangioidea is a superfamily of the harvestman suborder Eupnoi with five recognized families and more than 1,500 species .
Otites is a genus of picture - winged fly in the family Ulidiidae .
Seri 's sheath - tailed bat ( Emballonura serii ) is a species of sac - winged bat in the family Emballonuridae .
The Chinese hill warbler ( Rhopophilus pekinensis ) , also known as the white - browed Chinese warbler or Chinese bush - dweller , is a species of bird in the monotypic genus Rhopophilus .
Spelaeodiscidae is a family of very small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
The Papuan seerfish ( Scomberomorus multiradiatus ) also called the Papuan Spanish mackerel , is a species of fish in the Scombridae family .
The Jerdon 's bush chat ( Saxicola jerdoni ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
The Knysna warbler or Knysna scrub warbler ( Bradypterus sylvaticus ) is a very shy and cryptic warbler , endemic to the coastal regions of South Africa .
The Sinoto 's lorikeet ( Vini sinotoi ) is a species of parrot that became extinct 700 - -1300 years ago .
Discula is a genus of small land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
The Moluccan cuckoo ( Cacomantis heinrichi ) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
Brachistosternus is a scorpion genus in the Bothriuridae family .
Longobarditidae is a family of ceratitd ammonoids known from the early Triassic , included in the Danubitaceae .
Gonostemon is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1812 .
Brachyphoris is a genus comprising 5 species of mitosporic fungi in the family Orbiliaceae .
The Tanimbar corella ( Cacatua goffiniana ) also known as Goffin 's cockatoo or Goffin 's corella , is a species of cockatoo endemic to forests of Yamdena , Larat and Selaru , all islands in the Tanimbar Islands archipelago in Indonesia .
Like the other members of the infra - order Epipsocetae , Epipsocidae have a labrum with two sclerotized ridges .
Radoceras is an extinct prehistoric nautiloid genus from the Paleozoic included in the order Discosorida
The Tubuai rail ( Gallirallus steadmani ) is an extinct species of flightless bird in the Rallidae , or rail family .
Fraxinus nigra ( black ash ) is a species of ash native to much of eastern Canada and the northeastern United States , from western Newfoundland west to southeastern Manitoba , and south to Illinois and northern Virginia .
Thus , Rauhut considered a sister - group relationship between Veterupristisaurus and Acrocanthosaurus within the Carcharodontosauridae .
Titanocetus ( `` Titano whale '' ) is a genus of extinct cetaceans closely related to the family Cetotheriidae .
Fraxinus lanuginosa ( Japanese Ash ; Japanese : アオダモ Aodamo ) is a species of ash native to Japan and to the Primorye region of eastern Russia .
Sympecma is a genus of damselfly in the family Lestidae .
Tsunyidiscus is the only genus currently attributed to the family Tsunyidiscidae .
Aegisuchus is an extinct genus of giant , flat - headed crocodyliform within the family Aegyptosuchidae .
Geoffroy 's horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus clivosus ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae found in Africa .
Margaritifera is a genus of freshwater mussels , aquatic bivalve molluscs in the family Margaritiferidae , the freshwater pearl mussels .
The Nigerian shrew ( Crocidura nigeriae ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Cyrtonota is a genus of leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae .
Asopinae are a subfamily of stink bugs ( family Pentatomidae ) .
Wolffsohn 's viscacha ( Lagidium wolffsohni ) is a rare species of rodent in the family Chinchillidae .
Leucogyrophana is a genus of fungi in the family Hygrophoropsidaceae ( suborder Coniophorineae of the order Boletales ) .
Crivadiatherium is an extinct genus of Arsinoitheriidae , which fossil remains - teeth and mandible fragments - has been discovered in the Crivadia site in the Hateg depression , Romania .
The Madagascan wood rail ( Canirallus kioloides ) , also known as the kioloides rail , is a species of bird in the family Rallidae .
The Euphyes is genus of North American butterfly of the Hesperiidae family ( skippers ) , subfamily Hesperiinae ( grass skippers ) .
Campomanesia is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1794 .
The Uinta chipmunk , or hidden forest chipmunk ( Neotamias umbrinus ) , is a species of chipmunk , in the family Sciuridae .
Clemathada is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family .
In taxonomy , the Methanopyri are a class of the Euryarchaeota .
Chalcangium longipenne is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Chalcangium .
Pataeta carbo is a moth of the Noctuidae family and the only member of the Pataeta genus .
Gangshanoceras is a fossil nautiloid cephalopod genus included in the orthocerid family Proteoceratidae .
The Mongolian finch ( Bucanetes mongolicus ) , also known as the Mongolian trumpeter finch , is a small passerine bird in the finch family Fringillidae .
The Azurio tuskfin or scarbreast tuskfin , Choerodon azurio , is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific , where it occurs off the coasts of eastern Asia .
The Jamaican monarch ( Danaus cleophile ) is a species of milkweed butterfly in the nymphalid Danainae subfamily .
Under the older Cronquist system the order contained these four `` core Malvales '' families plus the Elaeocarpaceae and was placed among the Dilleniidae .
Rhynchocyon is a genus of elephant shrew ( or sengi ) in the family Macroscelididae .
Omalocephala is a genus of lantern flies belonging to the family Fulgoridae .
Cyclodomus is a genus of fungi within the order Phyllachorales .
Ceratogomphus , commonly known as thorntails , is a small genus of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae found in southern Africa .
The Chinese softshell turtle ( Pelodiscus sinensis ) is a species of turtle that was first described by Arend Friedrich August Wiegmann in 1835 as Trionyx ( Aspidonectes ) sinensis .
Paeromopus is now recognized as a member of the family Paeromopodidae in the order Julida , while Spirobolus proper belongs to the family Spirobolidae of the order Spirobolida .
The Blyth 's reed warbler ( Acrocephalus dumetorum ) is an Old World warbler in the genus Acrocephalus .
Creataloum is a genus of tiger moths in the Erebidae family .
Emarginula is a genus of small keyhole limpets , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Fissurellidae .
The Ralstoniaceae are a family of Gram - negative bacteria included in the order Burkholderiales .
Phthirusa is a South American genus of parasitic shrub in the Loranthaceae family .
Bison antiquus , sometimes called the `` ancient bison '' , was the most common large herbivore of the North American continent for over 10,000 years , and is a direct ancestor of the living American bison .
Gokushovirinae is a subfamily of viruses in the family Microviridae .
Hyopsodus is a genus of extinct odd - toed ungulate mammal of the family Hyopsodontidae .
Nepovirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales , in the family Secoviridae , in the subfamily Comovirinae .
Inflatozaena inflata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Inflatozaena .
Beudanticeras is an extinct cephalopod genus from the Cretaceous period belonging to the ammonoid subclass and included in the family Desmoceratidae .
Myxopyreae is a tribe of flowering plants in the olive family , Oleaceae .
Chevrolatella tripunctata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Chevrolatella .
Gmelin 's white - toothed shrew ( Crocidura gmelini ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Acanthoclinus is a genus of roundheads of the Plesiopidae .
Fumaria occidentalis , the western ramping - fumitory , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Fumaria that is endemic to Cornwall .
The Indian roofed turtle ( Pangshura tecta ) , is a species of turtle in the Geoemydidae family .
The Persian onager ( Equus hemionus onager ) , also called the Persian wild ass or Persian zebra , is a subspecies of onager ( Asiatic wild ass ) native to Iran .
The Amazonian black tyrant ( Knipolegus poecilocercus ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
The Mount d'Ambre leaf chameleon ( Brookesia tuberculata ) is a diminutive chameleon from far northern Madagascar .
Mustelirallus is a genus of bird in the family Rallidae .
Caryodaphnopsis is a genus of 15 species belonging to the family Lauraceae of flowering plants .
Odonteus is a genus of beetles in the family Bolboceratidae , formerly known by the name Bolboceras .
The Carpathian wisent ( Bison bonasus hungarorum ) was a subspecies of European bison that inhabited the Carpathian Mountains , Moldavia , and Transylvania .
Europelta was by its describers placed in the Nodosauridae , forming a smaller clade Struthiosaurinae together with the European nodosaurids Anoplosaurus , Hungarosaurus and Struthiosaurus .
Pedaliaceae ( pedalium family or sesame family ) is a flowering plant family classified in the order Scrophulariales in the Cronquist system and Lamiales in the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group system .
The Gansu pika ( Ochotona cansus ) is a species of mammal in the pika family , Ochotonidae .
Gasteranthus is a genus of 35 species of herbs and soft - stemmed subshrubs in the flowering plant family Gesneriaceae .
Libralces was a genus of Eurasian deer that lived during the Pliocene period .
Leptolalax is a genus of frogs ( order Anura ) in the family Megophryidae .
Sinometrius turnai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Sinometrius .
The New Zealand smooth skate , Dipturus innominatus , is a skate of the genus Dipturus , found around New Zealand at depths of between 15 and 1,300 m. Their length is up to 2.4 m.
Archicolpodes fukiensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Archicolpodes .
Labichthys is a genus of eels in the snipe - eel family Nemichthyidae .
Canary grass is a plant , Phalaris canariensis , belonging to the family Poaceae .
Hemerobius is a genus of lacewings in the family Hemerobiidae .
Manzanellidae is a fossil family of bivalves , in the order Solemyoida .
The Malagasy white - eye ( Zosterops maderaspatanus ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
Tapirus californicus , sometimes called the California tapir , is an extinct species of tapir that inhabited North America during the Pleistocene era .
Spelaeoecia is a genus of crustacean in the family Thaumatocyprididae .
Pbunalikevirus ( synonym : Pb1likevirus ) is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales , in the family Myoviridae .
Deeringothamnus ( known as `` false pawpaw '' ) is a genus of flowering plants with two species , belonging to the Annonaceae family .
The Giant Visayan frog ( Limnonectes visayanus ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Strachey 's mountain vole ( Alticola stracheyi ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Balkan pond turtle or western Caspian turtle ( Mauremys rivulata ) is a species of turtles in the family Geoemydidae .
The Australian ghostshark , Callorhinchus milii , is a cartilaginous fish ( Chondrichthyes ) belonging to the subclass Holocephali ( chimaera ) .
Anasillus crinitus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Anasillus .
The Bonneville cisco ( Prosopium gemmifer ) is a species of cisco endemic to Bear Lake along the Utah - Idaho border , USA .
The Bahian mouse - colored tapaculo or Boa Nova tapaculo ( Scytalopus gonzagai ) is a species of passerine bird native to Bahia , Brazil .
Microtomarctus is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a small terrestrial canine which inhabited most of North America during the Whitneyan stage ( 20.6 Mya ) of the Early Miocene subepoch through the Barstovian stage ( 13.6 Mya ) of the Middle Miocene subepoch .
Monodontomerus is a genus of wasps in the family Torymidae .
The Yosemite toad ( Anaxyrus canorus , formerly Bufo canorus ) is a species of true toad in the family Bufonidae .
Myrosmodes inaequalis ( synonym : Aa inaequalis ) is a species of orchid in the genus Aa .
Anapachydiscus is an extinct cephalopod genus from the Upper Cretaceous , Coniacian - Maastrichtian of Europe , Africa , Madagascar , S.India , N Z , Calif. Mexico , Argentina , and the Antarctic belonging to the ammonoid family Pachydiscidae .
Penicillium carneum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium Penicillium roqueforti var . carneum was reclassified to Penicillium carneum Penicillium carneum was isolated from spoiled meat products , silage , rye bread , water , beer , cheese , mouldy barkers yeast and cork Penicillium carneum produces patulin , penicillic acid , penitrem A , mycophenolic acid roquefortines
Syringodium is a genus in the family Cymodoceaceae described as a genus in 1860 .
Soyedina is a genus of stoneflies belonging to the family Nemouridae .
Maoripamborus fairburni is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only described species in the genus , though there are some reports of an additional undescribed species .
Ischnodemus is a genus in the true bug family Blissidae , .
Stone moroko ( also known as topmouth gudgeon ) , Pseudorasbora parva , is a fish belonging to the Cyprinid family , native to Asia , but introduced and now considered an invasive species in Europe .
The Rotoitidae are a very small family of rare , relictual parasitic wasps in the superfamily Chalcidoidea .
Lethenteron is a genus of Lamprey in the Petromyzontidae family .
In 2001 , David Hibbett and Manfred Binder established the membership of Limnoperdon incarnatum in the euagarics clade , a phylogenetically related group of species traditionally forming the order Agaricales .
The Bougainville naked - tailed rat ( Solomys salebrosus ) or Bougainville giant rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The African yellow bat ( Scotophilus dinganii ) is a species of bat in the family Vespertilionidae , the vesper bats .
Stomatella is a genus of small to medium - sized sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae , the top snails and their allies .
Valentinni 's sharpnose puffer ( Canthigaster valentini ) , also known as the saddled puffer or black saddled toby , is a demersal Marine fish belonging to the family Tetraodontidae .
Monard 's dormouse ( Graphiurus monardi ) is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae .
Ellesmeroceras is the type genus for the Ellesmeroceratidae , a family of primitive nautiloid cephalopods , that is characterized by its small , generally compressed , gradually expanded , orthoconic shell , found in Lower Ordovician marine sediments .
The Great Basin collared lizard ( Crotaphytus bicinctores ) , also known as the desert collared lizard or the Mohave black collared lizard is a species of lizard of the Western United States .
Jackson 's climbing salamander ( Bolitoglossa jacksoni ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Coronaster is a genus of the Asteriidae family of starfish .
Lang 's crag lizard or Lang 's girdled lizard ( Pseudocordylus langi ) is a species of African lizard in the family Cordylidae .
Lutilodix is a genus of air - breathing land snails or semislugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae .
Home 's hinge - back tortoise ( Kinixys homeana ) is a species of turtle in the family Testudinidae .
Shrimpfish , also called razorfish , are five small species of marine fishes in the subfamily Centriscinae of the family Centriscidae .
The Vietnamese pond turtle or Annam leaf turtle ( Mauremys annamensis ) is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae .
Bandtail puffer , Sphoeroides spengleri , is a species in the family Tetraodontidae , or pufferfishes .
Eosomichelinoceras is an extinct genus from the actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod family Baltoceratidae that lived in what would be Asia and South America during the Ordovician from 468 - -449 mya , existing for approximately 19 million years .
Phlycticeratinae is a subfamily included in the Oppeliidae established for the genus Phlycticeras .
Machadoe 's girdled lizard ( Cordylus machadoi ) is a flattened girdled lizard from southwestern Angola and northwestern Namibia .
The Pacific jack mackerel ( Trachurus symmetricus ) ( also known as the Californian jack mackerel or simply jack mackerel ) , is an abundant species of pelagic marine fish in the jack family , Carangidae .
Devincenzia pozzi is an extinct giant flightless predatory bird in the family Phorusrhacidae or `` terror birds '' that lived from 7 until 5 million years ago in Argentina and Uruguay during the late Miocene and early Pliocene .
Tetraplasandra is an obsolete genus of flowering plants in the ivy family , Araliaceae .
Selinum is a genus of flowering plant in the family Apiaceae .
Although morphological evidence continues to support the position of paenungulates with the ungulates , the molecular evidence suggests that Paenungulata is part of the cohort Afrotheria , an ancient assemblage of mainly African mammals of great diversity .
Aphis is a genus of insects in the family Aphididae containing about 400 species of aphids .
In taxonomy , the Volvocales , also known as Chlamydomonadales , are an order of flagellate or pseudociliate green algae , specifically of the Chlorophyceae .
Sibuyan striped shrew rat ( Chrotomys sibuyanensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Cystoporida is an extinct order of Stenolaemata bryozoan .
Pristine mustached bat Pteronotus ( Phyllodia ) pristinus is an extinct Late Quaternary species of bat in the endemic Neotropical family Mormoopidae .
Hyalea is a genus of large moths of the Crambidae family .
Within the monocots Pandanales are grouped in the lilioid monocots where they are in a sister group relationship with the Dioscoreales .
The Sturgeon poacher ( Podothecus accipenserinus , also known as the Sturgeon - like sea - poacher in Canada ) is a fish in the family Agonidae ( poachers ) .
The Urrao antpitta or Fenwick 's antpitta ( Grallaria urraoensis or fenwickorum ) is a highly threatened species of bird found in the understory of cloud forest in the Andean highlands of Colombia .
Paraphaenops breuilianus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Paraphaenops .
Anidiops is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Australia .
Based on the structure of its vertebrae , Eorasaurus is almost certainly a member of a clade of reptiles called Archosauromorpha , which includes crocodilians and birds as modern representatives .
The Mongalla gazelle ( Eudorcas albonotata ) is a species of gazelle found in the floodplain and savanna of South Sudan .
Pseudorhicnoessa is a genus of beach flies in the family Canacidae ( formally Tethinidae ) .
The Eurasian reed warbler , or just reed warbler ( Acrocephalus scirpaceus ) is an Old World warbler in the genus Acrocephalus .
The Saint Helena plover ( Charadrius sanctaehelenae ) , locally known as the wirebird due to its thin legs , is a small wader endemic to the island of Saint Helena in the mid - Atlantic .
Pseudanthus is a genus of plants under the family Picrodendraceae .
Isotomiella is a genus of springtails ( Collembola ) in the family Isotomidae .
Eobaataridae is a family of fossil mammal within the order Multituberculata .
Pandoraea is a genus of Gram - negative , nonspore - forming , motile bacteria with a single polar flagellum , of the family Burkholderiaceae and class Betaproteobacteria .
Acronema is a genus of 25 species of plants in the Apiaceae family found in the Sino - Himalayan region .
Coeliadinae is a subfamily of the skipper butterfly family ( Hesperiidae ) .
The China rockfish ( Sebastes nebulosus ) is a rockfish of the Pacific coast found from Kachemak Bay in the northern Gulf of Alaska to Redondo Beach and San Nicolas Island in southern California .
The Cocos cuckoo ( Coccyzus ferrugineus ) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
Megapedetes is a genus of fossil rodents related to the springhare and other species of the genus Pedetes , with which it forms the family Pedetidae .
Infectious hematopoietic necrosis virus ( IHNV ) , is a negative - sense single - stranded , bullet - shaped RNA virus that is a member of the Rhabdoviridae family , and from the genus Novirhabdovirus .
The Halmahera blossom bat ( Syconycteris carolinae ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
Pristis is a genus of sawfish of the family Pristidae .
S. feisti is no longer considered to be a species of Saniwa , but a more primitive member of the family Varanidae .
The Swannanoa darter ( Etheostoma swannanoa ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the perch family .
Crocker 's sea snake ( Laticauda crockeri ) is a species of venomous snake in the subfamily Hydrophiinae .
Amaryllidoideae ( Amaryllidaceae s.s . , amaryllids ) is a subfamily of monocot flowering plants in the family Amaryllidaceae , order Asparagales .
The New Zealand bittern ( Ixobrychus novaezelandiae ) is an extinct and enigmatic species of heron in the family Ardeidae .
Byrrhidae , the pill beetles , is a family of beetles in the superfamily Byrrhoidea .
The Zenker 's honeyguide ( Melignomon zenkeri ) is a species of bird in the Indicatoridae family .
Anictis is an extinct species of carnivorous cat - like mammal belonging to the superfamily Aeluroidea , endemic to Europe living from the Oligocene 33.9 - -28.4 Ma , existing for approximately 5.4 million years .
Spotted thicklip loach ( Triplophysa strauchii ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Triplophysa .
The Kuala Lumpur caecilian , Caudacaecilia nigroflava , is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to Malaysia .
Laccosternus grouvellei is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Laccosternus .
Porcellionidae is a terrestrial family of the order Isopoda .
Calliphara is a genus of insect in the family Scutelleridae ( Hemiptera ) .
Berriasella is a discoidal evolute perisphinctacean ammonite , and type genus for the neocomitid subfamily Berriasellinae .
The Jabily or `` elephant tree '' ( Operculicarya decaryi ) is a thick stemmed succulent plant species in the family Anacardiaceae , named after the botanical collector Raymond Decary .
Susannah Maidment in 2008 even listed Chialingosaurus kuani among the invalid stegosaur taxa in her phylogeny of Stegosauria .
Dichondra is a small genus of flowering plants in the morning glory family , Convolvulaceae .
The Luzon flameback ( Chrysocolaptes haematribon ) is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
Père David 's vole ( Eothenomys melanogaster ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Along with the subfamily Urocordylinae , Sauropleurinae is part of the family Urocordylidae .
The Kanadi kingfish ( Scomberomorus plurilineatus ) is a species of ray - finned bony fish in the family Scombridae , the mackerel family .
Archaeocindis johnbeckeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Archaeocindis .
Sinea is a New World genus of assassin bugs , in the subfamily Harpactorinae .
It has been theorized that Puumala virus , unlike other members of the genus Hantavirus , may also have lethal effects on its rodent host .
Based on 16S rRNA sequence analysis , Pedomicrobium is a bacterium that belongs to the family Hyphomicrobiaceae , within the order of Rhizobiales under the class of alphaproteobacteria , in the phylum Proteobacteria ( Garrity et al . , 2001 ) .
The Cabalian frog or Leyte slender stream frog ( Hylarana albotuberculata ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
The Dartford warbler ( Sylvia undata ) is a typical warbler from the warmer parts of western Europe and northwestern Africa .
Bulbine is a genus of plants in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae and subfamily Asphodeloideae , named for the bulb - shaped tuber of many species .
Aspidopleura is an extinct monotypic genus of parasitic wasp in the Eupelmidae subfamily Neanastatinae and at present , it contains the single species Aspidopleura baltica .
Anisomeria bistriata is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Anisomeria .
Allen 's chipmunk ( Neotamias senex ) is a species of chipmunk .
The Walnut elimia , scientific name Elimia bellula , is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae .
Deroceras is a taxonomic genus of small to medium sized air - breathing land slugs in the family Agriolimacidae .
The Angola river frog or common river frog ( Amietia angolensis ) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family .
Böhme 's mountain gecko , Alsophylax boehmei , is a species of gekkonid lizard endemic to South Asia .
Argent and sable moths or Rheumaptera hastata are day flying moths of the Geometridae family , with distinctive black and white colourings .
The Bean 's sawtooth eel ( Serrivomer beanii , also known commonly as the longfin sawpalate , the saw - tooth snipe eel , the sawtooth eel , the shortnosed snipe eel , and the stout sawpalate ) is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae ( snipe eels ) .
Leptosporangiate ferns are the largest group of living ferns , including some 11000 species worldwide .
The Anatolian vole ( Microtus anatolicus ) is a species of vole found in Turkey , specifically Konya Province .
Abacops rugipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Abacops .
Przewalski 's steppe lemming ( Eolagurus przewalskii ) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae .
Mormyrops is a genus of weakly electric fish in the family Mormyridae from freshwater in Africa .
Duguetia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the plant family Annonaceae with approximately 90 species in central and South America , and four species in west Africa .
Phormoestes is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family , containing only one species , Phormoestes palmettovora , which is known from Florida , United States .
The Clarke 's weaver ( Ploceus golandi ) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family .
Taheitia is a genus of very small land snails that have an operculum and live very near saltwater , maritime terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Truncatellidae .
The Kachin red - backed vole ( Eothenomys cachinus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Carychiinae is part of the family Ellobiidae according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Coprophanaeoides is a genus of Scarabaeidae , or scarab beetles , in the superfamily , Scarabaeoidea .
In 1982 , Evans concluded that Hemiodoecus was , of known genera , the earliest evolved Australian genus of the Peloridiidae , based upon morphology and distribution .
Parastenomordella is a genus of South American beetles in the family Mordellidae , containing the following species :
Strioturbonilla is a small genus of very small sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies , and the subfamily Chrysallidinae , a large taxon of minute marine gastropods with an intorted protoconch .
Parajulidae is a family of millipedes in the order Julida , occurring predominantly in North America but also in Central America and East Asia .
The Spanish mole ( Talpa occidentalis ) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae .
The Maracaibo wood turtle ( Rhinoclemmys diademata or Rhinoclemmys dademata ) is a species of turtles belonging to the Rhinoclemmys genus of the family Geoemydida found in Colombia and Venezuela .
The Wongai ningaui ( Ningaui ridei ) , also known as the Inland ningaui , is a small carnivorous marsupial native to Australia .
Amphigyra is a genus of air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
The Allodapini is a tribe of bees in the subfamily Xylocopinae , family Apidae .
King crabs are generally thought to be derived from hermit crab - like ancestors , which may explain the asymmetry still found in the adult forms .
Xenerpestes is the genus of greytails , birds in the family Furnariidae .
Paradactylodon is a genus of salamanders , known as the mountain salamanders or Middle Eastern stream salamanders , in the Hynobiidae family , endemic to Iran and Afghanistan .
Hemerocallidoideae is the botanical name of a subfamily of flowering plants , part of the family Xanthorrhoeaceae sensu lato in the monocot order Asparagales according to the APG system of 2009 .
The Mount Kahuzi climbing mouse ( Dendromus kahuziensis ) is a rodent found only in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Mixodectidae or mixodectids ( from Greek μιξο , mixo , `` mixed '' , and δεκτες , dektes `` biter '' ) is an extinct family of insectivore , placental mammals in the order Dermoptera .
The Maryland darter ( Etheostoma sellare ) is considered one of the rarest freshwater fish species in the world , due in part to its incredibly limited geographic range and difficulty of detection .
Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 simply included the Anomphalidae in `` basal taxa that are certainly Gastropoda '' .
Beecroft 's flying squirrel or Beecroft 's scaly - tailed squirrel ( Anomalurus beecrofti ) is a species of rodent in the family Anomaluridae .
Westcottia amorpha is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Westcottia .
The Koa Tao Island caecilian , Ichthyophis kohtaoensis , is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family found in Cambodia , Laos , Myanmar , Thailand , and Vietnam .
The Taiwan saddled carpetshark , Cirrhoscyllium formosanum , is a carpetshark of the family Parascylliidae found around Taiwan , between latitudes 28 ° N and 21 ° N , at depths to 110 m. Its length is up to 39 cm . Reproduction is oviparous .
The Indian peafowl or blue peafowl ( Pavo cristatus ) , a large and brightly coloured bird , is a species of peafowl native to South Asia , but introduced in many other parts of the world .
The Coldwater elimia , scientific name Elimia modesta , is a species of freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae .
Thompsonella is a genus of family Crassulaceae .
Lasaeidae is a family of very small saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs in the superfamily Galeommatoidea .
Alphacoronaviruses are the first of the four genera , alpha- , beta- , gamma- , and delta - coronavirus in the subfamily Coronavirinae of the family Coronaviridae .
Sarcophrynium is a genus of plant in family Marantaceae indigenous to tropical Africa .
Pseudolarix is a monotypic genus of conifer in the family Pinaceae .
Burnup 's hunter slug ( Chlamydephorus burnupi ) is a species of land slug in the family Chlamydephoridae .
Microcosmus is a genus of tunicates in the family Pyuridae , containing the following species :
Chrysidea is a genus of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae .
The Bermuda flightless duck ( Anas pachyscelus ) is an extinct species of flightless duck which was endemic to the island of Bermuda in the North Atlantic Ocean .
Petrophytum cinerascens ( orth . var . Petrophyton cinerascens ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names halfshrub rockmat and Chelan rockmat .
Pleuragramma antarcticum , the Antarctic silverfish , is a species of cod icefish native to the Southern Ocean .
The Maloideae C.Weber was the apple subfamily , a grouping used by some taxonomists within the rose family , Rosaceae .
Hubert 's multimammate mouse , or Hubert 's mastomys ( Mastomys huberti ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Burkina Faso , Gambia , Mali , Mauritania , Nigeria , and Senegal , and possibly Guinea , Guinea - Bissau , and Niger .
Margarornis is the genus of treerunners , birds in the family Furnariidae .
Therasea was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered a synonym of Tarache .
The Seychelles house snake ( Lamprophis geometricus ) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family .
Cynophalla is a genus of flowering plants in the caper family , Capparaceae , of about 20 species that are shrubs , trees , or vines .
The Pemba flying fox ( Pteropus voeltzkowi ) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae .
Teuchophorus is a known genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae .
The Laboulbeniales is an order of Fungi within the class Laboulbeniomycetes .
The American lobster , Homarus americanus , is a species of lobster found on the Atlantic coast of North America , chiefly from Labrador to New Jersey .
The Eucla cod , Euclichthys polynemus , is a deepwater marine fish belonging to the cod order ( Gadiformes ) .
The Mayotte sunbird ( Cinnyris coquerellii ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
The African emerald cuckoo ( Chrysococcyx cupreus ) is a species of cuckoo .
Vidrioceratinae is one of two subfamilies of the Vidrioceratidae Family .
Exocarpos is a genus of flowering shrubs and small trees in the sandalwood family , Santalaceae .
Membras is a genus of fish , Neotropical silversides , from freshwater , brackish water and marine habitats along the Atlantic coast of the Americas .
Urocyclidae is a family of air - breathing land snails and semi - slugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicarionoidea , ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Helena 's tree frog , Hyla helenae , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Guyana .
The Carpathian newt , or Montadon 's newt , ( Lissotriton montandoni ) is a species of salamander in the family Salamandridae found in Czech Republic , Poland , Romania , Slovakia , and Ukraine .
The Arnhem Land rock rat ( Zyzomys maini ) also known as the Arnhem Rock - rat and by the Indigenous Australian name of Kodjperr is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The family name derives from tupai , the Malay word for treeshrew and also for squirrel which the Tupaiidae superficially resemble .
The Mauritian wood pigeon ( Columba thiriouxi ) is an extinct species of the pigeon genus Columba which was endemic to Mauritius .
Actinostemon is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1841 .
The Agulhas long - billed lark ( Certhilauda brevirostris ) is a small passerine bird .
The Prespa spirlin , Alburnoides prespensis , is a fish species of Cyprinidae family .
Rhizopogonaceae are a family of fungi in the order Boletales .
Burton 's gerbil , Gerbillus burtoni is distributed mainly in Darfur , Sudan .
Ascophora is an infraorder under order Cheilostomata of the Bryozoa .
Allantospermum is a genus of trees up to 90 m tall in family Ixonanthaceae .
Austroicetes is a genus in the subfamily Oedipodinae and family Acrididae .
Doryichthys , river pipefish , is a genus of Asian freshwater pipefishes .
Hexanodes vulgata is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae , the only species in the genus Hexanodes .
Knipowitschia longecaudata , the Longtail dwarf goby , is a species of goby native to the Black Sea , Sea of Azov , and the Caspian Sea where it is mostly found in areas of brackish water over sand or amongst weeds where it feeds on small invertebrates .
Rissoina is a large genus of minute sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoinidae .
Anemone parviflora ( Northern anemone , Small - flowered anemone ) is a herbaceous plant species in the genus Anemone and family Ranunculaceae .
Yokenella is a genus of bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae .
Basilewskyana villiersi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Basilewskyana .
Stypandra is a small genus of rhizomatous perennials in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , subfamily Hemerocallidoideae .
Romanogobio vladykovi , also called Danube whitefin gudgeon , is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
A phylogenetic analysis of Gronausaurus indicates that it is most closely related to Brancasaurus and that both fall within the family Leptocleididae .
Metopium is a genus of flowering plants in the sumac family , Anacardiaceae .
Gammacoronaviruses are one of the four genera , alpha , beta , gamma , and delta in the subfamily Coronavirinae of the family Coronaviridae .
Orazio Fagone ( born November 13 , 1968 in Catania ) is an Italian sledge hockey player and former short track speed skater who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics , 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics .
Joanne Brown ( born 7 April 1972 in Canberra ) is a former softball catcher and outfielder from Australia , who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics .
Václav Bečvář ( born 5 July 1957 in Chomutov ) is a Czech sport shooter who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics , in the 2000 Summer Olympics , and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Vera Bitanji ( born 21 April 1969 ) is an Albanian triple jumper who represented her country in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Hans Maier ( born July 11 , 1916 ) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
`` Let the Music Heal Your Soul '' was released as a single by the Bravo All Stars on May 18 , 1998 .
Gloomy Lights is the first full album of the Japanese metal band Gallhammer .
Long Distance Swimmer is the fourth studio album released by Irish singer - songwriter Adrian Crowley .
Subdigitals is an album released by MoonScoop featuring songs by the fictional musicians The Subdigitals ( formerly The Subsonics ) in the French animated television series Code Lyoko .
Born Is the King is the third Christmas worship album of Christian Contemporary music composed of Christmas music led by the Hillsong Church .
Prince Birabongse Bhanudej Bhanubandh ( born 15 July 1914 in Bangkok , Thailand ; died 23 December 1985 in Barons Court Station , London ) , better known as Prince Bira of Siam ( now Thailand ) or by his nom de course B. Bira , was the only Thai racecar driver to race in Formula One .
Georg Theodor Schreiber ( 13 May 1848 , Strehla -- 13 March 1913 , Leipzig ) was a German archaeologist and art historian .
Hans Mayer ( March 19 , 1907 in Cologne -- May 19 , 2001 in Tübingen ) was a German literary scholar .
Marshall Grant died at the age of 83 on August 7 , 2011 while in Jonesboro , Arkansas attending a festival to restore the childhood home of Johnny Cash .
Count Tivadar Batthyány de Németújvár ( February 23 , 1859 in Zalaszentgrót , Zala County -- February 2 , 1931 in Budapest ) son of Count Zsigmond Batthyány de Német - Ujvar , and Johanna Nepomucena Justina Maria Goberta Erdödy .
Carmen Kurtz ( Barcelona , 18 September 1911 -- 5 February 1999 ) was a Catalan writer , who wrote under the name of her husband , Pedro Kurtz , in Spanish .
Bertha von Marenholtz - Bülow ( born 5 March 1810 in Brunswick ; died 9 January 1893 in Dresden ) was a German educator noted for her work in spreading the kindergarten concept through Europe .
Charles Fuller Baker ( March 22 , 1872 , Lansing , Michigan -- July 22 , 1927 , Manila ) was an American entomologist , botanist , agronomist and plant collector .
Hans Kundt ( 28 February 1869 , Neustrelitz , Mecklenburg - Strelitz -- 30 August 1939 , Lugano , Switzerland ) was a German military officer from a family of military officers .
Václav Hrabě ( June 13 , 1940 , Příbram , Czechoslovakia -- March 5 , 1965 , Prague , Czechoslovakia ) was a Czech poet and writer , and the most important member of the Beat Generation in former Czechoslovakia .
Now very ill , Theodor Haubach was put to death on 23 January 1945 along with Helmuth James Graf von Moltke at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin .
Cheetah - Mike ( also known as Org ) , a male chimpanzee owned by Suncoast Primate Sanctuary after being donated from Noell 's Chimp Farm in Palm Harbor , FL .
Pedro Cieza de León ( Llerena , Spain c. 1520 -- Seville , Spain 1554 ) was a Spanish conquistador and chronicler of Peru .
Elias Hasket Derby ( August 16 , 1739 -- September 8 , 1799 ) was among the wealthiest and most celebrated of post - Revolutionary merchants in Salem , Massachusetts , and owner of the Grand Turk , the first New England vessel to trade directly with China .
Carlo Michelstaedter was born in Gorizia , the capital of the Austro - Hungarian County of Gorizia and Gradisca , as the youngest of four children of Albert and Emma Michelstaedter Coen Luzzatto .
Victor Kugler ( 5 June 1900 , Hohenelbe / Vrchlabí -- 16 December 1981 , Toronto ) was one of the people who helped hide Anne Frank and her family and friends during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands .
Paolo De Poli ( Padua , August 1 , 1905 - Padua , September 21 , 1996 ) was an Italian enameller and painter .
Samuel Swan ( 1771 , near Scotch Plains , New Jersey -- August 24 , 1844 , Bound Brook , New Jersey ) , was a five - term U.S. Congressman and medical doctor .
Harriet Hosmer was born on October 9 , 1830 at Watertown , Massachusetts , and completed a course of study at Sedgewick School in Lenox , Massachusetts .
Heinz Barwich ( 22 July 1911 in Berlin -- 10 April 1966 in Cologne ) was a German nuclear physicist .
Günther Ruprecht ( 17 February 1898 in Göttingen - 17 March 2001 in Göttingen ) was a German publisher .
Johann Friedrich von Meyer ( 12 September 1772 -- 28 January 1849 ) was a senator of Frankfurt , who published a translation of the Bible in 1819 ( Die heilige Schrift in berichtigter Übersetzung mit kurzen Anmerkungen ; 2nd ed . 1823 ; 3rd ed . , 1855 ) .
Mark Lasky ( 1954 -- July 31 , 1983 in New York City ) was an American cartoonist known for having succeeded Ernie Bushmiller on Nancy .
Martim Francisco Ribeiro de Andrada ( 21 February 1928 in Barbacena ( MG ) -- 22 June 1982 in Belo Horizonte ( MG ) ) was a Brazilian association football coach .
Otto Perutz ( 27 July 1847 , Teplice , Bohemia - 18 January 1922 , Munich Germany ) was an Austrian - German chemist .
Albert Edmunds Cahlan , aka A.E. Cahlan or Al Cahlan ( April 8 , 1899 - - June 1968 ) was an American Newspaper publisher , and prominent Civic leader during the - mid 20th century in the forming of Las Vegas .
Paul Zatkovich died in Brooklyn , New York on October 8 , 1916 and was buried in Pottsville , Pennsylvania .
Mario Bezzi ( 1868 , Milan -- 1927 , Turin ) was an Italian professor of zoology at the University of Turin .
Bernard Pumfrey ( May 1873 -- 18 July 1930 ) was an English professional footballer who made 132 appearances in the Football League playing for Small Heath and Gainsborough Trinity .
Vittorio Pozzo ( Italian pronunciation : ( vitˈtɔːrjo ˈpottso ) ; 2 March 1886 in Turin , Italy -- 21 December 1968 in Ponderano ( Biella ) ) was an Italian football coach and journalist .
Pedro Velarde y Santillán ( October 25 , 1779 -- May 2 , 1808 ) was a Spanish artillery captain famous for his heroic death in the Dos de Mayo uprisings against the French occupation of Madrid .
Richard Kiepert studied geography and history in Berlin and Heidelberg .
Maria Rosa Coccia was born in Rome and studied with Sante Pesci .
Sławomir Maciej Bittner ( codename : Maciek , Kajman Wojak ; born 21 July 1923 , Warsaw - died 28 February 1944 , Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish scoutmaster ( podharcmistrz ) and second lieutenant of the Armia Krajowa .
Louis Wolfson succumbed to Alzheimer 's disease and colon cancer on December 30 , 2007 , in Bal Harbour , Florida .
Christoph Haberland ( Latvian : Kristofs Hāberlands ) was a Baltic German architect , chief architect of Riga and is considered one of the brightest masters of classicism architecture in Latvian history .
Annibale Caccavello ( 1515 - -1595 ) was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance , active in his native city of Naples .
Antonio Allegretti ( 1840 --1918 ) was an Italian sculptor He was born in Cuneo in the Piedmont , and died in Carrara .
Bruno Bartoletti ( Sesto Fiorentino , 10 June 1926 -- Florence , 9 June 2013 ) was an Italian operatic conductor .
Philibert Mees ( 13 May 1929 , in Mechelen -- 29 June 2006 , in Mechelen ) was a Flemish composer and pianist .
Louis Joxe died , aged , 89 , in Paris .
Michael Shurtleff ( born July 3 , 1920 , Oak Park , Illinois -- died January 28 , 2007 , Los Angeles , California ) was a major force in casting on Broadway during the 1960s and 1970s .
He made his final film in 1959 , when he played a habitual criminal in Anatomy of a Murder Jimmy Conlin died in Encino , California on May 7 , 1962 at the age of 77 .
Frieda Inescort ( 29 June 1901 in Edinburgh , Scotland -- 26 February 1976 in Woodland Hills , Los Angeles , California ) was a Scottish - born actress best known for creating the role of Sorel Bliss in Noël Coward 's play Hay Fever .
Michał Sokolnicki ( 1760 , Wierzeja - 1816 , Warsaw ) was a Polish nobleman ( of Nowina coat of arms ) , general , military engineer , politician , and writer .
Beata Sabina Straas ( or Strass ) ( year of birth unknown , died 1773 ) , known also as Madame Åberg following her marriage , was the first professional native actress in Sweden and a member of the first pioneer troupe in the first Swedish national theatre of 1737 .
Jean - François Oeben , or Johann Franz Oeben ( 9 October 1721 Heinsberg near Aachen -- Paris 21 January 1763 ) was a French ébéniste ( cabinetmaker ) whose career was spent in Paris .
Joseph Perl ( also Josef Perl ; November 10 , 1773 , Ternopil -- October 1 , 1839 , Ternopil ) , was an Ashkenazi Jewish educator and writer , a scion of the Haskalah or Jewish Enlightenment .
Jean - Yves Bigras ( May 19 , 1919 in Ottawa , Ontario -- August 17 , 1966 in Montreal , Quebec ) was a Canadian film director and film editor , considered a pioneer in Quebec cinema .
Newton Estape Vila ( Santa Clara , 2 May 1913 - Havana , 22 November 1980 ) was a prominent Cuban photographer and journalist .
Karl Friedrich Canstatt ( July 11 , 1807 , Regensburg -- March 10 , 1850 , Erlangen ) was a German physician and medical author .
Manuel Ray Rivero ( 1924 -- November 12 , 2013 ) was a Cuban born engineer , politician and revolutionary , who was later involved in civic and professional actitivities in Puerto Rico .
Carl Joachim Andersen ( April 29 , 1847 -- May 7 , 1909 ) was a Danish flutist , conductor and composer born in Copenhagen , son of the flutist Christian Joachim Andersen .
Francisco Pérez de Valenzuela ( 14 November 1528 in Andújar , Spain -- 27 December 1599 in Valdivia , Chile ) , was a Nobleman of the Kingdom of Spain .
Cardinal Andrea della Valle ( 29 November 1463 , Rome -- 3 August 1534 ) was an Italian clergyman and art collector .
Vic Legley ( 18 June 1915 in Hazebrouck -- 28 November 1994 in Ostend ) was a Belgian violist and composer of classical music , of French birth .
Hans Thirring ( March 23 , 1888 in Vienna , Austria - Hungary - March 22 , 1976 in Vienna , Austria ) was an Austrian theoretical physicist , professor , and father of the physicist Walter Thirring .
Heinz Ludwig Arnold ( 29 March 1940 in Essen -- 1 November 2011 in Göttingen ) was a German literary journalist and publisher .
Alexandre Moret ( French : ( mɔʁɛ ) ; 19 September 1868 , Aix - les - Bains -- 2 February 1938 , Paris ) was a French Egyptologist .
Jiří Baum ( 20 September 1900 -- 1944 , Warsaw ) was a Czech zoologist , museum curator , explorer and writer .
Adolph Nehrkorn ( 29 December 1841 , in Riddagshausen , today part of Braunschweig - 8 April 1916 , in Braunschweig ) was a German ornithologist and collector of bird eggs .
Heinrich Brunn ( January 23 , 1822 , Wörlitz -- July 23 , 1894 , Josephstal near Schliersee , Upper Bavaria ) was a German archaeologist .
Sebastian Hofmeister ( 1476 , Schaffhausen , Switzerland -- June 26 , 1533 , Zofingen ) , known in writing as Oeconomus or Oikonomos , was a Swiss monk and religious Reformer who was prominent in early debates of the Reformation .
Giovanni Ghizzolo ( Brescia ca . 1580 - -Novara ca . 1625 ) was a composer of motets and madrigals .
Henry S. Tyler ( September 20 , 1851 - January 14 , 1896 ) was Mayor of Louisville , Kentucky from 1891 to 1896 .
Peter Duryea was the head of a non - profit society called Guiding Hands Recreation Society which hosted a peaceful getaway called the Tipi Camp , located in the West Kootenay area of British Columbia , Canada .
Jean - Baptiste Cotelier or Cotelerius ( born December , 1629 , Nîmes ; died 19 August 1686 , Paris ) was a Patristic scholar and Catholic theologian .
Josef Bachmeier survived the war and died on the 4 February 1971 in Sarstedt near Hanover .
Wladimiro Panizza ( Fagnano Olona , 5 June 1945 -- Cassano Magnago , 21 May 2002 ) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Emil Reisch ( 28 September 1863 , Vienna -- 13 December 1933 , Vienna ) was an Austrian classical philologist and archaeologist .
Among a number of other schools named for Stevens , the Thaddeus Stevens Elementary School in Washington , D.C. was founded in 1868 as the first school built for African - American children there .
Giovanni Battista Natali was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque period , active in his natal city of Piacenza , but also Savona , Lucca , and Naples , and finally Genoa in 1736 .
Leandro Bisiach ( 1864 -- 1 December 1945 ) was an Italian violin maker , who was born in Casale Monferrato and died in 1945 at Venegono Superiore near Varese .
Nikiforos Lytras ( Greek : Νικηφόρος Λύτρας ; 1832 , Pyrgos , Tinos -- June 13 , 1904 , Athens ) was a nineteenth - century Greek painter .
Hugo Gräf ( born Rehestädt 10 October 1892 : died Gotha 23 October 1958 ) was a German Communist politician .
Robert Bodanzky , also known as Danton ( born 18 March 1879 in Vienna , Austria - Hungary as Isidor Bodanskie , died 2 November 1923 in Berlin , Germany ) , was an Austrian journalist , playwright , poet and artist .
Johann V of Nassau - Vianden - Dietz ( Breda , 9 November 1455 -- Dillenburg , 30 July 1516 ) was count of Nassau ( in Siegen , Dillenburg , Hadamar and Herborn ) , Vianden and Diez , and Lord of Breda .
Born in Beijing in January 1655 , Nalan Xingde came from a powerful Manchu family that not only belonged to the Plain Yellow Banner of the Eight Banners , but was also related to royalty .
Hermann Potschka was wounded during the Battle of Berlin and died in hospital on the 1 May 1945 .
Camilo García de Polavieja y del Castillo - Negrete , Marques de Polavieja ( 1838 - -1914 ) was a Spanish general born in Madrid on July 13 , 1838 , in a family of merchants .
Paine Wingate ( May 14 , 1739 -- March 7 , 1838 ) was an American preacher , farmer , and statesman from Stratham , New Hampshire .
Francisco Mendoza de Bobadilla died in 1566 in Arcos de la Llana , near Burgos .
Gilbert Dean ( August 14 , 1819 Pleasant Valley , Dutchess County , New York -- October 12 , 1870 Poughkeepsie , New York , Dutchess Co. , NY ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Evaristo Carriego ( Paraná , May 7 , 1883 -- Buenos Aires , October 13 , 1912 ) , was an Argentine poet , best known for the biography written about him by Jorge Luis Borges .
Rinaldo Cuneo ( July 2 , 1877 -- December 27 , 1939 ) , dubbed the Painter of San Francisco , was an American artist known for his landscape paintings and murals .
Claude François Chauveau - Lagarde ( Chartres 1756 -- Paris 1841 ) came into the public spotlight in the early stages of the French Revolution .
Simone di Filippo Benvenuti , known as Simone dei Crocifissi or Simone da Bologna , ( Bologna , about 1330 - Bologna , 1399 ) , was an Italian painter .
Some historians believe that the Jianwen Emperor had indeed survived and escaped from Nanjing , but the official histories of the Ming dynasty were modified later during the Qing dynasty to please the Manchu rulers .
Piero Sraffa ( /ˈsræfə/ ; 5 August 1898 -- 3 September 1983 ) was an influential Italian economist , who served as lecturer of economics at the University of Cambridge .
Pentti Aalto ( July 22 , 1917 -- November 30 , 1998 ) was a Finnish linguist who was the University of Helsinki Docent of Comparative Linguistics 1958 - -1980 .
Marco Cornaro ( c. 1286 -- 13 January 1368 ) , also known as Marco Corner , was the 59th doge of Venice , ruling between 1365 and 1368 .
Carlotta Patti died of cancer in Paris on 27 June 1889 .
Otto Stoll ( December 29 , 1849 in Frauenfeld -- August 18 , 1922 in Zürich ) was a Swiss linguist and ethnologist .
Helen Van Pelt Wilson died in Wilton , Connecticut , on September 30 , 2003 .
Ivan Triesault ( born as Johann Constantin Treisalt ; 13 July ( O.S. 1 July ) 1898 in Reval ( now Tallinn ) -- January 3 , 1980 in Los Angeles ) was an Estonian - born American actor .
Alfredo D'Ambrosio ( Naples , 13 June 1871 -- Nice , 29 December 1914 ( or Paris , 31 December 1914 ) ) was an Italian composer and violinist .
Carlo Karges ( 31 July 1951 in Hamburg -- 30 January 2002 in Hamburg ) was a German musician who became a guitarist and songwriter for the rock band , Nena .
Daniel Webster Marsh ( August 15 , 1838 -- June 27 , 1916 ) was a businessman and mayor of Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Adrien Marquet ( 6 October 1885 -- 3 February 1955 ) was a socialist mayor of Bordeaux who turned to the far right .
Iskandar Khatloni ( Persian : اسکندر ختلانی‎ ; October 1954 -- September 22 , 2000 ) was a journalist from Tajikistan who worked for Radio Free Europe and was murdered in Moscow , Russia while covering the Second Chechen War .
Marius Canard ( Dracy - Saint - Loup , 26 December 1888 -- Paris , September 1982 ) was a French Orientalist and historian .
Hannah Ocuish ( March 1774-December 1786 ) was executed at the age of twelve years and nine months , being hanged on 20 December 1786 , in New London , Connecticut .
Colard Mansion was a central figure in the early printing industry in Bruges .
Bernhard Christoph Breitkopf ( 2 March 1695 in Clausthal , now Clausthal - Zellerfeld -- 26 March 1777 in Leipzig ) was a German printer and publisher , and founder of the publisher that became Breitkopf & Härtel .
Pietro Mocenigo ( 1406 - -1476 ) was doge of Venice from 1474 to 1476 .
Born in Dublin in 1917 , Kevin Boland was the son of Gerald Boland , a founder - member of Fianna Fáil , and the nephew of Harry Boland .
Titia Brongersma ( Dokkum , Friesland , 1650 -- Groningen , 1700 ) was a Frisian poet of the late 17th century .
Donald Douglas Lamond , Jr. ( August 18 , 1920 , Oklahoma City - December 23 , 2003 , Orlando , Florida ) , better known as Don Lamond , was an American jazz drummer .
Georg Faber ( 5 April 1877 , Kaiserslautern , Germany -- 7 March 1966 , Munich , Germany ) was a German mathematician who introduced Faber polynomials , Faber series , Lévy C curve , and Faber--
Ferdinand Avenarius ( 20 December 1856 in Berlin -- 22 September 1923 in Kampen ) was a lyric poet , a leading representative of the culture reform movement of his time and the first popularizer of Sylt .
Raphael Sealey ( 14 August 1927 , Middlesbrough , England -- 29 November 2013 , Berkeley , California ) was a classical scholar and ancient historian .
Alexandre Arsène Girault ( /ʒiːˈroʊ/ zhee - ROW ; 9 January 1884 , Annapolis -- 2 May 1941 , Brisbane ) was an American entomologist specialising in the study of chalcid wasps .
Nikolay Milyutin was born in Moscow on June 6 , 1818 , the scion of an influential , but impoverished , aristocratic Russian family .
Vilém Kurz ( 1872 , Německý Brod ( Havlíčkův Brod ) , Bohemia -- 1945 ) was a Czech pianist and piano teacher , a professor at the State Conservatory in Lwów and Vienna , and Prague Conservatory .
Abu al - Wafa Ali Ibn Aqil ibn Ahmad al - Baghdadi ( 1040 - -1119 ) was an Islamic theologian from Baghdad , Iraq .
Michael Maestlin ( also Mästlin , Möstlin , or Moestlin ) ( 30 September 1550 , Göppingen -- 20 October 1631 , Tübingen ) was a German astronomer and mathematician , known for being the mentor of Johannes Kepler .
Johannes Hermanus Koekkoek , ( Veere , 17 August 1778 -- Amsterdam , 9 January 1851 ) was a Dutch painter and draughtsman .
The Wanli Emperor died in 1620 and was buried in the Dingling Mausoleum among the Ming tombs on the outskirts of Beijing .
After a brief illness Primo Riccitelli died on the 27th of March , 1941 in Giulianova where he is now buried .
Zsigmond Vincze ( Hungarian : Vincze Zsigmond ) ( 1 July 1874 in Zombor -- 30 June 1935 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian pianist , conductor and composer who wrote several very successful operettas .
Doreen Norton , OBE , FRCN ( 1 May 1922 , Dartford , Kent -- 30 December 2007 , Worthing , West Sussex ) was an English nurse , in the 1950s she used research to show that the best treatment and prevention of bedsores was removing the pressure by turning the patient .
Siaosi Tupou II , King of Tonga ( George Tupou II in English ) ( 17 July 1874 -- 17 July 1918 ) was the King of Tonga from 18 February 1893 until his death .
Ira Levin was born in Manhattan , New York City , on 27 August 1929 , and grew up in Manhattan and the Bronx .
Llorenç Villalonga i Pons ( Palma de Mallorca , March 1 , 1897 -- January 27 , 1980 ) was a Spanish writer and psychiatrist .
Antonio Abbondi generally known as Scarpagnino ( died 1549 ) was an Italian architect of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Venice .
Elov Persson died in his native Gävleborg County 's Torsåker Parish , one day before his 76th birthday .
King Kolax ( November 6 , 1912 , Kansas City , Missouri -- December 18 , 1991 , Chicago , Illinois ) was a United States jazz trumpeter .
Zacharie Astruc ( 20 February 1833 , Angers -- 24 May 1907 , Paris ) was a French sculptor , painter , poet , and art critic .
Aleksander Arulaid ( 24 May 1924 , Tallinn -- 8 July 1995 , Tallinn ) was an Estonian chess player , who three times won the Estonian Chess Championship .
Hendrik Enno Boeke ( 12 September 1881 , Wormerveer -- 6 December 1918 , Frankfurt am Main ) was a Dutch mineralogist and petrographer .
Kurt Schlosser ( 18 October 1900 -- 16 August 1944 in Dresden ) was German cabinet - maker , climber , and an active Communist .
Juozas Maniušis ( 15 December 1910 in Mogilev Governorate -- 17 March 1987 in Vilnius ) was a communist politician in the Lithuanian SSR specializing in areas of industry , construction , and engineering .
Robert Erickson ( March 7 , 1917 in Marquette , Michigan -- April 24 , 1997 in San Diego , California ) was an American composer .
Jack Sangster died in Belgravia , London , from cancer on 26 March 1977 .
Princess Romanework Haile Selassie , sometimes spelt as Romane Work Haile Selassie ( died in Turin on 14 October 1940 ) , was the eldest child of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia by his first wife , Woizero Altayech .
Wiesław Adam Berger ( 6 June 1926 in Ostrava - Přívoz -- 15 January 1998 in Ostrava ) was a Polish writer connected with the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia .
Vladimir Firm ( 5 June 1923 , Zagreb -- 27 November 1996 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian football player .
Bernart de Panassac ( Occitan pronunciation : ( berˈnard de panaˈsak ) ) ( fl . 1323 - -1333 ) was the minor lord ( donzel et seigneur ) of Arrouède and one of the last troubadours .
Ah Lum ( before 1909 - -1925 ) was a gold miner and store owner in Arrowtown , New Zealand .
Nicolas - Auguste Hesse ( 28 August 1795 , Paris - 14 June 1869 , Paris ) was a French painter and artist .
Martin Jacoby ( 12 April 1842 , Altona -- 24 December 1907 ) , London was an entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera , especially Chrysomelidae ( formerly known as Phytophaga ) .
John James Hattstaedt ( pronounced HATT - stedt ; b. 29 Dec. 1851 Monroe , Michigan ; d. 30 Nov 1931 Chicago ) founded the American Conservatory of Music in 1886 .
Christoph Daniel Ebeling ( 20 November 1741 near Hildesheim , Hanover -- 30 June 1817 in Hamburg ) was a scholar of Germany who studied the geography and history of North America .
Sir William Forbes of Callendar ( 1756 - -1823 ) was a prosperous coppersmith and landowner who lived in Callendar House in Falkirk , Scotland .
Niels Hemmingsen ( Nicolaus Hemmingius ) ( 1513 in Taagerup -- 1600 in Roskilde ) was a Danish Lutheran theologian .
Jean Giraud was born in Nogent - sur - Marne , Val - de - Marne , in the suburbs of Paris , on 8 May 1938 .
Juan Rogelio García García , better known as Juan Orol ( August 4 , 1897 in Lalín , Pontevedra , Spain -- May 26 , 1988 in Mexico City , Mexico ) was a Mexican - Spanish actor , producer , screenwriter and film director .
Pedro Adolfo de Castro was a twentieth - century architect from San Juan , Puerto Rico .
Jerrold Robertshaw ( 28 March 1866 in Allerton , West Riding of Yorkshire -- died 14 February 1941 in London ) was a British stage and film actor of the silent era .
Joseph Inguimberty ( 18 January 1896 in Marseille -- 8 October 1971 in Menton ) was a French painter , and teacher at the École des Beaux - Arts de l'Indochine ( EBAI ) in Hanoi 1926 - -1945 .
Francisco Javier Muñiz was born in San Isidro , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina on 21 December 1795 .
Philip Locke ( 29 March 1928 , London -- 19 April 2004 , Dedham , Essex ) was an English actor .
Enrique Ballesté ( Mexico City , October 10 , 1946 -- September 19 , 2015 ) was a Mexican actor , playwright , composer and theatrical producer .
Major Lewis Ginter ( April 24 , 1824 -- October 1 , 1897 ) was a prominent businessman , military officer , real estate developer , and philanthropist centered in Richmond , Virginia .
Ettore Tolomei ( 16 August 1865 in Rovereto -- 25 May 1952 in Rome ) was an Italian nationalist and fascist .
Danica Seleskovitch died in Cahors ( France ) on April 17 , 2001 , in her 80th year .
Charles - Georges Le Roy or Leroy ( 22 January 1723 , Paris -- 11 November 1789 , Paris ) was a French man of letters during the Age of Enlightenment and the author of one of the first books on animal behavior .
William J. Diehl ( January 22 , 1845 -- September 22 , 1929 ) , served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1899 to 1901 .
Hermann von Mallinckrodt attended the gymnasium at Aachen and studied law at Berlin and Bonn .
Gyula Czimra ( Budapest,1901- Budapest,1966 ) was a Hungarian painter , with works in the collection of Hungarian National Gallery , the Tornyai Museum of Hódmezővásárhely , the Rákospalota Museum and the Kiscell Museum .
Peter Faneuil ( June 20 , 1700 -- March 3 , 1743 ) was a wealthy American colonial merchant , slave trader , and philanthropist who donated Faneuil Hall to Boston .
Donald B. Steinaker ( 1922 - -1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps private first class who received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions in the Guadalcanal campaign during World War II . Donald Baur Steinaker was born at Syracuse , New York , on 15 September 1922 .
Gustav Nikolaus Tiedemann ( February 17 , 1808 Landshut , Bavaria - August 11 , 1849 Rastatt ) was a German soldier who joined the revolutionaries during the Revolutions of 1848 in Germany , eventually becoming the commander of the last holdout of the revolution , the fortress at Rastatt .
Keith Alfred Hindwood ( 1904 - 1971 ) was a Sydney - based Australian businessman and amateur ornithologist .
Alvise I Mocenigo ( 26 October 1507 -- 4 June 1577 ) was doge of Venice from 1570 to 1577 .
Gerasimos Pitsamanos or Pitzamanos ( Greek : Γεράσιμος Πιτσαμάνος/Πιτζαμάνος ; 6 March 1787 , Argostoli - 5 December 1825 , Corfu ) was a Greek architect and portrait painter .
Earl Baldwin ( January 11 , 1901 in Newark , New Jersey -- October 9 , 1970 in Hollywood , California , age 69 ) was an American screenwriter .
Frederick IV , Landgrave of Thuringia , nicknamed Frederick the Peaceful or Frederick the Simple , the peaceful one , and the Fool ( before 30 November 1384 -- 7 May 1440 at Runneburg Castle in Weißensee ) was a member of the House of Wettin and was Margrave of Meissen and Landgrave of Thuringia .
Max Pallenberg ( born December 18 , 1877 , as Max Pollack in Vienna - June 26 , 1934 , in Karlovy Vary ) was an Austrian singer , actor and comedian .
Piermassimiliano Dotto , also known as Piero Dotto ( Treviso , 28 February 1970 - Volpago del Montello , 25 October 2012 ) , was an Italian rugby union player .
Cao Pi ( 187 -- 29 June 226 ) , courtesy name Zihuan , was the first emperor of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period .
John H. Eastman ( September 23 , 1861 -- November 14 , 1938 ) was a businessman who served from 1910 - -1914 as the mayor of Shreveport , the third largest city in Louisiana and the largest in the northwestern section of the state .
Rudolf Bredow ( born 2 November 1909 in Berlin , died 17 November 1973 in Bremen ) , German post - expressionist painter , draughtsman and art teacher .
Enric Sagnier i Villavecchia ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ənˈrik səŋniˈe ) ; Barcelona , 1858 - -1931 ) was a Catalan architect .
Frederik van Valckenborch ( 1566 , Antwerp --1623 , Nuremberg ) was a Flemish painter and draughtsman known for his imaginary landscapes with figures executed in a late Mannerist style .
Gisella Grosz , originally Gizella Grosz ( 26 November 1875 , Szilágysomlyó , Austria - Hungary -- 1942 , Riga Ghetto , Latvia ) was a Hungarian classical pianist .
Charles Henri Ford ( February 10 , 1908 -- September 27 , 2002 ) was an American poet , novelist , filmmaker , photographer , and collage artist best known for his editorship of the Surrealist magazine View ( 1940 - -1947 ) in New York City , and as the partner of the artist Pavel Tchelitchew .
Samuel Crompton was born at 10 Firwood Fold , Bolton , Lancashire to George and Betty Crompton ( née Elizabeth Holt of Turton ) .
Since 1920 , Sose Mayrig lived in Constantinople , then in Alexandria ( Egypt ) , where she died in 1953 .
In 1980 Fritz Eisel moved north , relocating to Langen Brütz near Schwerin .
Bartolomeo Montagna ( 1450 - -1523 ) was an Italian painter and architect who worked in Vicenza and Venice .
Sebastián de Vivanco ( Ávila , ca . 1551 -- Salamanca , October 26 , 1622 ) was a Spanish priest and composer of the Renaissance .
Wojciech Jastrzębowski ( born on 19 April 1799 in Szczepkowo - Giewarty , Janowiec Kościelny parish , near Mława ; died on 30 December 1882 in Warsaw ) was a Polish scientist , naturalist and inventor , professor of botanic , physics , zoology and horticulture at Instytut Rolniczo - Leśny in Marymont in Warsaw .
Renato Bodini ( October 1 , 1909 in Cremona -- August 23 , 1974 in Rome ) was an Italian professional football player and coach .
Andreas Gottlob Rudelbach was a Dano - German neo - Lutheran theologian ; born at Copenhagen September 29 , 1792 ; died at Slagelse ( 50 m. s.w . of Copenhagen ) , Zealand , March 3 , 1862 .
Michele Pane ( Adami of Decollatura , March 11 , 1876 -- Chicago , April 18 , 1953 ) was an Italian American symbolist poet and journalist who wrote in northern Calabrese .
Alessandro Maggiolini ( July 15 , 1931 -- November 11 , 2008 ) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Como , Italy .
Franz Josef Popp ( January 14 , 1886 in Vienna -- July 29 , 1954 in Stuttgart ) was one of three men responsible for the founding of BMW AG and the First General Director of BMW AG from 1922 to 1942 .
Pedro Pérez Delgado ( 1881 , Ospino , Estado Portuguesa , Venezuela - 7 November 1924 , Puerto Cabello , Venezuela ) , better known as Maisanta , was a nineteenth - century Venezuelan revolutionary and politician .
Cándido López ( 29 August 1840 , Buenos Aires - 31 December 1902 , Baradero ) was an Argentinian photographer , soldier and painter , who worked in the Naïve style .
Ray Linn ( born October 20 , 1920 in Chicago , Illinois - died November 1996 in Columbus , Ohio ) was an American jazz trumpeter .
Theophil Großgebauer ( 24 November 1627 , Ilmenau -- 8 July 1661 , Rostock ) was a German Lutheran theologian active at the University of Rostock , most notable for his work Wächterstimme aus dem verwüsteten Zion .
Ernst Erwin Oehme ( 18 September 1831 , in Dresden -- 10 October 1907 , Blasewitz ) was a German painter .
Juan de Grijalva ( born around 1489 in Cuéllar , Crown of Castille - 21 January 1527 in Nicaragua ) was a Spanish conquistador , and relation of Diego Velázquez .
Wealthy industrialist George Benjamin Thorneycroft ( 20 August 1791 -- 28 April 1851 ) was a successful ironmaster and Tory supporter who became the first Mayor of Wolverhampton , after the Borough was incorporated , in 1848 .
Carlo Alberto Conelli , count de Prosperi , best known as Caberto Conelli ( Born in Belgirate , Piedmont 28 August 1889 -- 25 August 1974 ) was a sometime Italian racecar driver .
Jean Colombe ( b. Bourges ca . 1430 ; d. ca . 1493 ) was a French miniature painter and illuminator of manuscripts .
Tommaso Martini ( Bivongi , Calabria , 1688 -- 5 January 1755 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque period .
Rocco Valenti ( born in 1895 , date of death unknown ) was a New York City gangster and prominent member of the Camorra in New York during the early 1910s .
Lotte Laserstein ( November 28 , 1898 in Preussisch Holland , German Empire -- January 21 , 1993 in Kalmar , Sweden ) was a German - Swedish painter and portraitist .
Bijan Jazani ( Persian : بیژن جزنی‎‎ ; 1938 , Tehran -- April 19 , 1975 ) is a major figure among modern Iranian Socialist intellectuals .
Lillian Kemble - Cooper ( March 21 , 1892 in London , England -- May 4 , 1977 in Los Angeles , USA ) was a British actress .
Antonio Quarracino ( 8 August 1923 -- 28 February 1998 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church of Argentina and the Archbishop of Buenos Aires between 1990 and 1998 .
Charles Nègre ( French : ( nɛɡʁ ) ; 9 May 1820 -- 16 January 1880 ) was a pioneering photographer , born in Grasse , France .
Joseph Sokolsky ( Bulgarian : Йосиф Соколски , Gabrovo , 1786 -- died on Kiev , now Ukraine September 30 , 1879 ) was the first Bulgarian clergyman to convert to Catholicism and a pioneer of the Bulgarian Uniat Church .
Born in Rödeby , a southern Sweden locality in Blekinge County 's Karlskrona Municipality , Georg Årlin died in Lövestad at the age of 75 .
Jean - Louis - Félix Potin was born in 1820 in Arpajon , in what is today the Île - de - France region surrounding Paris .
Diego von Bergen died on October 7 , 1944 , in Wiesbaden , Germany ; his death was announced ten days later in L'Osservatore Romano , in an obituary which called him `` highly esteemed and unanimously liked '' .
Countess Anna Fridrica Wilhelmina von Hallwyl , née Kempe ( 1 October 1844 − 25 July 1930 ) was a Swedish collector and donor whose accumulation of art and other objects constitute the current Hallwyl Museum in Stockholm .
Giovanni Pietro Perti or Peretti ( 1648 in Muggio , Switzerland -- 1714 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) was an Italian Baroque sculptor and architect , regarded as one of the leading European sculptors on the verge of the 18th century .
Louis Joseph Troost ( 17 October 1825 , Paris -- September 30 , 1911 ) was a French chemist .
Johann Eduard Karsen ( 10 March 1860 , Amsterdam - 31 October 1941 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Post - impressionist painter , known for his moody scenes featuring villages and farmhouses ; usually containing a solitary figure .
Julius Ebbinghaus ( 9 November 1885 , Berlin -- 16 June 1981 , Marburg an der Lahn ) was a German philosopher , one of the closest followers of Immanuel Kant active in the twentieth century .
Ladislav František Čelakovský ( December 3 , 1863 -- December 31 , 1916 ) was a Czech mycologist and botanist born in Prague .
Konstantin Bogaevsky was born in the Eastern Crimean city of Feodosiya ( currently Ukraine ) to an old Italian - German family of the Genoese extraction on 24 January ( O.S. 12 January ) 1872 .
Berthold Englisch ( 9 July 1851 , Osoblaha -- 19 October 1897 , Vienna ) was a leading Austrian chess master .
Luigi Ruffo - Scilla JUD ( 25 August 1750 -- 17 November 1832 ) was a Cardinal of the Holy Roman Church who served as Apostolic Nuncio to Austria and Archbishop of Naples .
Joseph Paneth ( 6 October 1857 -- 4 January 1890 ) was an Austrian physiologist born in Vienna .
Ali Suat Hayri Ürgüplü ( 13 August 1903 , Damascus , Ottoman Empire -- 26 December 1981 , Istanbul , Turkey ) was a Turkish political figure .
Rev. Dr. Hermann Gundert ( Stuttgart , 4 February 1814 -- 25 April 1893 in Calw , Germany ) was a German missionary , scholar , and linguist , as well as the grandfather of German novelist and Nobel laureate Hermann Hesse .
Hostilian remained in Rome due to his inexperience , and empress Herennia was named regent .
Rudolph Friedrich Wasmann ( 8 August 1805 , Hamburg - 10 May 1886 , Merano ) was a German - born painter in the Biedermeier style .
Alessandro Serpieri ( 31 October 1823 , San Giovanni in Marignano , near Rimini , -- 22 February 1885 , Fiesole ) was an Italian scientist known for work in astronomy and seismology .
Tivadar Zemplényi ( 1864 , Eperjes -- 1917 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian painter , noted for his realism .
Edna Maison ( 17 August 1892 San Francisco - 11 January 1946 Hollywood , California ) was an American silent film actress .
Asahel Bush ( 1824 - -1913 ) was an American newspaper publisher and businessman in Salem , Oregon .
Miriam Lichtheim ( 3 May 1914 , Istanbul -- 27 March 2004 , Jerusalem ) was an Israeli translator of ancient Egyptian texts whose translations are still widely used .
Robert Kienböck ( 11 January 1871 -- 8 September 1953 ) was an Austrian radiologist who was a native of Vienna .
Milo Dor ( born 7 March 1923 as Milutin Doroslovac in Budapest ; died 5 December 2005 in Vienna ) was a writer and translator .
Jakob Jonas Björnståhl ( born January 23 , 1731 , in Rotarbo , died July 11 , 1779 , in Thessaloniki ) , Swedish orientalist and Greek philologist from the Lund University .
Léonard Gaultier , or , as he sometimes signs himself , Galter , a French engraver , was born at Mainz about 1561 , and died in Paris in 1641 .
William Jackson Bean ( 26 May 1863 in Yorkshire -- 19 April 1947 in Kew , Surrey ) was a British botanist and plantsman , who was curator of Kew Gardens from 1922 to 1929 .
Adolf Lindenbaum ( June 12 , 1904 in Warsaw , Kingdom of Poland , Russian Empire ( now Poland ) -- 1941 in Paneriai ) , was a Polish logician and mathematician .
Karl Gerok ( January 30 , 1815 Vaihingen - January 14 , 1890 Stuttgart ) was a German preacher and religious poet .
Johannes Abromeit ( 17 February 1857 Paschleitschen , East Prussia--19 January 1946 Jena , Germany ) was a German botanist and teacher .
Ernst Hechler died on 23 October 1965 aged 57 in Alzey , Federal Republic of Germany .
Norman O. Houston was a prominent Los Angeles - based businessman and president of Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company , which at one time was the largest black - owned business west of the Mississippi .
Petras Kubiliūnas ( May 16 , 1894 in Totoriškiai ( now Švedukalnis ) , near Skapiškis -- August 22 , 1946 in Moscow ) was a Lithuanian Lieutenant General and Chief of Lithuanian General staff in 1929 - -1934 .
André - Joseph Lafitte - Clavé , also André - Joseph de Lafitte ( 1740 , Clavé ( a mansion of Moncrabeau)--1794 , Perpignan ) was a French Army engineering officer .
Enrique Olivera ( 9 February 1940 -- 4 November 2014 ) was an Argentine politician who served as Chief of Government of the City of Buenos Aires from December 1999 to August 2000 .
Bertram Wyatt - Brown ( born Harrisburg , Pennsylvania on March 19 , 1932 ; died in Baltimore , Maryland , on November 5 , 2012 ) was a noted historian of the South in the United States .
Joan Lamote de Grignon was born and died in Barcelona , the son of parents of French descent Lluis Lamote de Grignon and Elena Bocquet .
Robert de Beaumont , Count of Meulan ( c. 1142 -- 1204 , Poitiers , France ) , was the son of Waleran IV de Beaumont and Agnes de Montfort .
In 1962 , Monguito moved to New York City , and began singing with Orquesta Broadway .
Johannes Stöffler was born on 10 December 1452 , in Justingen near Blaubeuren on the Swabian Alb .
Karl Bolle was born in Berlin on 20 June 1893 , to a family owning a well - known dairy .
Rudolfine Steindling ( September 10 , 1934 -- October 27 , 2012 in Tel Aviv ) was an Austrian manager and political activist with close ties to Communist organizations .
Johann Friedrich Judeich ( 27 January 1828 , Dresden -- 28 March 1894 , Tharandt ) was a German forester .
Irán Eory died in Mexico City on March 10 , 2002 of embolism .
Rinaldo Botti ( Florence , 1658 -- Florence , March 31 , 1740 ) was an Italian painter active in the Baroque period .
Vladimír List ( June 4 , 1877 in Prague - May 27 , 1971 in Brno ) was a Czech electrical engineer , scientist and university teacher active in area of technical standardization .
Joseph Friedrich Hummel ( born 14 August 1841 , Innsbruck -- 29 August 1919 , Salzburg ) was an Austrian choral conductor , composer and music teacher .
Émile Munier was born in Paris on 2 June 1840 and lived with his family at 66 rue des Fossés , St. Marcel .
Nellie Mae Rowe ( July 4 , 1900 -- October 18 , 1982 ) was an African - American self - taught artist from Fayette , Georgia .
Hugo Mac Dougall , born Hugo Mascías ( 9 December 1901 -- 15 May 1976 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine writer , screenwriter , and journalist .
Rudolf Beckmann ( 20 February 1910 in Osnabrück -- 14 October 1943 in Sobibor ) was a German SS - Oberscharführer in the Sobibór extermination camp .
Diedrich Uhlhorn ( * 3 June 1764 in Bockhorn ; 1837 in Grevenbroich ) was a German engineer .
Placidus Braun , OSB ( 11 February 1756 , Peiting near Schongau , Upper Bavaria -- 23 October 1829 , in Augsburg , Germany ) was a Bavarian Benedictine priest , historian and archivist .
Beatrice Gray died of natural causes in Los Angeles , California , on November 25 , 2009 , at the age of 98 .
Aleksandar Nikolić died on 12 March 2000 , in Belgrade , He is buried in the Alley of the Greats , in Belgrade , Novo Groblje ( `` New Cemetery '' ) .
Red McKenzie ( William McKenzie ) ( October 14 , 1899 , St. Louis , Missouri - February 7 , 1948 , New York City ) was an American jazz musician .
Francis van Bossuit ( 1635 , Brussels -- 1692 , Amsterdam ) , was a Flemish sculptor , working mostly in terracotta , wood , and ivory .
Adolf Grabowsky ( August 31 , 1880 , Berlin - August 23 , 1969 , Arlesheim , Switzerland ) was a German political scientist and author of several books about geopolitics and political theory , including `` Democracy and Dictatorship '' ( 1949 ) .
Eneas Perdomo died at the Military Hospital located in the city of Caracas , after a long illness .
Professor Nadav Safran ( Arabic : نداف صفران‎ , Hebrew : נדב ספרן‎ , August 25 , 1925 , Cairo -- July 5 , 2003 , State College , PA ) was an expert in Arab and Middle East politics and a director of Harvard 's Center for Middle Eastern Studies .
Born in Belo Horizonte , capital of the state of Minas Gerais , Roberto Batata started his professional career playing for América - MG , leaving the club to join Cruzeiro in 1969 .
Velibor Jonić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велибор Јонић ; 12 February 1892 -- 17 July 1946 ) was a Serbian fascist politician and government minister in the Territory of the Military Commander in Serbia during World War II . He taught at the Military Academy in Belgrade and at the Yugoslav royal court before the war .
Mary Toft ( née Denyer ; c. 1701 - -1763 ) , also spelled Tofts , was an English woman from Godalming , Surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits .
Eugeniusz Kwiatkowski ( 30 December 1888 in Kraków -- 22 August 1974 in Kraków ) was a Polish politician and economist , Deputy Prime Minister of Poland , government minister and manager of the Second Polish Republic .
Boris Goldstein ( Busya Goldshtein ) ( 25 of December 1922 , Odessa - 8 of November 1987 , Hanover , Germany ) was a Soviet violinist whose career was greatly hindered by the political situation in the USSR .
Joaquín Albareda y Ramoneda was born in Barcelona to Vicente Albareda and his wife María Ramoneda .
Hüseyin Avni Zaimler ( 1877 , Bitola -- March 10 , 1930 , Adana ) , known as Huseyin Avni Bey or Huseyin Avni Pasha , was an officer of the Ottoman Army and a general of the Turkish Army .
Jules Brévié died at the age of 84 on 28 July 1964 in the village of Pierrefitte near Talizat , Cantal .
An institute in Wrocław , Poland called the Włodzimierz Trzebiatowski Institute of Low Temperature and Structure Research is named after him .
Gregg G. Tallas ( Greek : Γκρέκ Τάλλας , born Γρηγόρης Θαλασσινός , Grigoris Thalassinos ; January 25 , 1909 , Athens -- February 1 , 1993 , Athens ) was a film director from Greece .
Paul Barrière was born on 8 June 1920 in Espéraza and died on 29 May 2008 in Biarritz , aged 88 .
Jacques Barbeu - Dubourg ( 12 February 1709 , Mayenne -- 14 December 1779 , Paris ) was a French physician , botanist , writer , translator and publisher known for translating Benjamin Franklin 's work into French and for inventing a gentlemen 's umbrella fitted with a lightning conductor .
Olivier Gendebien died in 1998 at his home in Les Baux - de - Provence in southern France .
Julius Leopold Pagel ( 29 May 1851 , Pollnow -- 30 January 1912 , Berlin ) was a German physician and historian of medicine .
Count August Zamoyski ( June 28 , 1893 in Jabłoń , Lublin Voivodeship , Poland -- May 19 , 1970 in Saint - Clar - de - Rivière , France ) was a Polish sculptor , member of groups Bunt and Formiści .
Valentin Weigel ( or Weichel ; 7 August 1533 , in Hayn -- 10 June 1588 , in Zschopau ) was a German theologian , philosopher and mystical writer , from Saxony , and an important precursor of later theosophy .
Volkert Simon Maarten van der Willigen ( Rockanje , 9 May 1822 -- Haarlem , 19 February 1878 ) , sometimes referred to as Volcardus Simon Martinus van der Willigen , was a Dutch mathematician , physicist and professor .
Charles - Frédéric Soehnée ( Born 3 . November 1789 in Landau in der Pfalz as Carl - Friederich Söhne ; died 1 . May 1878 in Le Pré - Saint - Gervais in Paris ) was a French painter .
Géraud de Cordemoy ( 6 October 1626 , Paris -- 15 October 1684 , Paris ) was a French philosopher , historian and lawyer .
Alekos Sakellarios ( Greek : Αλέκος Σακελλάριος , 7 November 1913 in Athens -- 28 August 1991 in Athens ) was a Greek writer and a director .
John Frowen ( 11 October 1931 -- 28 August 2011 ) was a professional footballer who played for Cardiff City , Bristol Rovers and Newport County .
Hans H. Indorf ( died March 10 , 1989 in Fairfax , Virginia ) was an academic professor and international advisor in political science .
Stanislovas Kęsgaila was the Elder of Samogitia ( 1486 - -1522 ) , Grand Hetman of Lithuania ( 1501 - -1502 ) , castellan of Trakai ( 1499 - -1522 ) and Vilnius ( 1522 - -1526 ) .
Despite being only being thirty years old when he retired , Zhang Honggen would eventually move to management with Beijing Youth Team in 1970 .
Alejandro Rodríguez de Valcárcel y Nebreda , 1st Count of Rodríguez de Valcárcel ( 25 December 1917 in Burgos -- 22 November 1976 in Madrid ) was a Francoist Spanish politician , who served in important positions under Francisco Franco .
Max Švabinský ( 1873 - -1962 ) was a Czech painter , draughtsman , graphic artist , and professor in Academy of Graphic Arts in Prague .
Virgil von Graben ( 15th century -- 1507 ) was an Austrian noble and knight , who was stadtholder of Lienz and East Tyrol and Regent ( captain ) and stadtholder of Görz .
Sir Harold Spencer Jones KBE FRS ( 29 March 1890 Kensington , London -- 3 November 1960 ) was an English astronomer .
Marcellus Hartley Dodge Jr. ( July 29 , 1908 -- August 29 , 1930 ) was the heir to the Remington - Rockefeller fortune who died in a car accident in France .
Marcel Samuel - Rousseau ( 18 August 1882 Paris -- 11 June 1955 Paris ) was a French composer , organist , and opera director .
Pierre - Georges Castex ( 20 June 1915 at Toulouse -- 9 December 1995 at Paris ) was a French academic , literary critic and author .
James Nutcombe Gould ( known as Nutcombe Gould ) ( 24 February 1849 in Stoke - in - Teignhead , Devon -- 10 October 1899 in Paddington ) was an English stage actor .
Jacob Bjerknes lectured at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology during the 1933 - 1934 school year and emigrated to the United States in 1940 where he headed a government - sponsored meteorology annex for weather forecasting , at the department of physics of the University of California , Los Angeles .
Don Manuel Carrillo Tablas was a philanthropist and served as mayor of Orizaba , Veracruz , Mexico .
Edwin Hatch ( September 4 , 1835 Derby , England -- November 10 , 1889 Oxford , England ) was an English theologian .
Joseph A. McDonough ( 20 October 1896 - 11 May 1944 ) was an assistant director in Hollywood , perhaps most noted for working often with James Whale , even after Whale left Universal Studios .
Somdetch Brhat - Anya Fa Ladhuraniya Sri Sadhana Kanayudha Maharaja Brhat Rajadharana Sri Chudhana Negara better known as Fa Ngum ( Laotian : ຝ້າງູ່ມ ( fȁːŋum ) ; 1316 -- 1393 , born in Muang Sua , died in Nan ) established the Lao kingdom of Lan Xang in 1354 .
Ekrem Bora , né Ekrem Şerif Uçak ( 7 March 1934 Ankara -- 1 April 2012 Istanbul ) was a Turkish film actor .
Ulysses Kay ( January 7 , 1917 , Tucson , Arizona -- May 20 , 1995 , Englewood , New Jersey ) was an African - American composer .
Kazimierz Rudzki ( born January 6 , 1911 in Warsaw - died February 2 , 1976 in Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish stage and film actor , theatre director .
Leonardo Conti , MD ( 24 August 1900 in Lugano -- 6 October 1945 in Nuremberg ) was the Reich Health Leader ( German : Reichsgesundheitsführer ) in Nazi Germany .
Gratien Le Père ( Versailles , 2 June 1769 - Poitiers , 1 August 1826 ) was a French civil engineer .
Ilya Livykou or Ilia Livykou ( Greek : Ίλυα Λιβυκού ; 1919 in Heraklio -- September 6 , 2002 in Athens , Greece ) was a Greek actress , a partner with Vassilis Logothetidis .
Emanuel Chvála ( January 1 , 1851 , Prague -- October 28 , 1924 , Prague ) was a Czech composer and music critic .
Karl - Gustav Kaisla ( 4 October 1943 in Helsinki -- 21 September 2012 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish ice hockey referee .
Fran Gerbič ( 5 October 1840 , Cerknica -- 29 March 1917 , Ljubljana ) was a Slovenian composer and operatic tenor .
Derek Waring died from cancer at Petworth Cottage Hospital in West Sussex in 2007 , aged 79 .
Sylvia Fine Kaye died of emphysema at the age of 78 in her Manhattan apartment in 1991 .
Piero Camporesi ( Forlì , 15 February 1926 -- Bologna , 1997 ) was an Italian historian of literature and an anthropologist .
His family 's summer home at Talcottville , New York , known as Edmund Wilson House , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 .
Francesc Xavier Bultó Marquès ( Barcelona , 17 May 1912 -- Barcelona , 3 August 1998 ) , popularly known as Paco Bultó , was a Catalan businessman , founder of Montesa Honda ( along with Peter Permanyer ) and Bultaco .
Auguste Gougeard ( 15 November 1827 -- 10 March 1886 , Paris ) was a French counsellor , naval officer and politician .
Ludwig Thoma ( 21 January 1867 , Oberammergau -- 26 August 1921 , Tegernsee ) was a German author , publisher and editor , who gained popularity through his partially exaggerated description of everyday Bavarian life .
Paul Dungler ( Thann , Haut - Rhin , 1902 - Colmar , 1974 ) was a French industrialist , royalist militant and Resistance worker .
Willard Hall ( December 24 , 1780 - May 10 , 1875 ) , was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington , in New Castle County , Delaware .
Dienekes or Dieneces ( Greek : Διηνέκης ) was a Spartan soldier who fought and was killed at the Battle of Thermopylae in 480 BC . He was acclaimed the bravest of all the Greeks who fought in that battle .
Heinrich Brandt ( 8 November 1886 , Feudingen - 9 October 1954 , Halle , Saxony - Anhalt ) was a German mathematician who was the first to develop the concept of a groupoid .
Oldřich František Korte ( 26 April 1926 ; Šaľa , Slovakia -- 10 September 2014 ; Prague ) was a Czech composer , pianist , publicist and writer .
Camille Sée died in Paris at the age of 71 .
Jan Kunc ( 27 March 1883 , Doubravice nad Svitavou -- 11 September 1976 , Brno ) was a Czech composer , teacher , and writer .
In 2013 , a street in the Canberra suburb of Casey was named Kingsland Parade in Richard Kingsland 's honour .
Anton Laurids Johannes Dorph , usually known as Anton Dorph ( 15 February 1831 , Horsens - 12 January 1914 , Copenhagen ) was a Danish painter who is remembered for his altarpieces and his paintings of fishermen .
Carl Ashby ( 1914 - -2004 ) was an American abstract expressionist artist who lived and worked in New York City .
Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel ( 30 May 1783 , Esslingen am Neckar -- 12 May 1856 ) was a German physician and an authority on grasses .
John Hannum III ( 1744 -- February 2 , 1799 ) , also known as Col . John Hannum was a politician , businessman and colonial militiaman in Chester County , Pennsylvania influential in the establishment of West Chester , Pennsylvania as the county seat .
Johann Conrad Beissel ( March 1 , 1691 -- July 6 , 1768 ) was the German - born religious leader who in 1732 founded the Ephrata Community in Pennsylvania , USA .
Eudoxe Marcille ( 20 April 1814 , Chartres - 7 April 1890 , Chécy ) was a French painter , museum director , art school director and art collector .
George Sylvester Viereck ( December 31 , 1884 , Munich , Germany -- died March 18 , 1962 , Holyoke , Massachusetts ) was a German - American poet , writer , and pro - Nazi propagandist .
Attila Szekrényessy ( born 20 January 1913 in Budapest , Hungary ; died February 1995 in Gyöngyös ) was a Hungarian pair skater who competed with his sister Piroska Szekrényessy .
Moyshe Altman ( Yiddish : משה אַלטמאַן‎ ; Russian : Моисей Элевич Альтман ) ( May 7 , 1890 , Lipcani , Bessarabia - October 21 , 1981 , Chernivtsi , USSR ) was a Yiddish writer .
Reinhard Opitz died of cancer in Cologne , where he had lived for twenty years .
Johann Friedrich Peter ( sometimes John Frederick Peter ) ( born Heerendijk , May 19 , 1746 - died Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , July 13 , 1813 ) was an American composer of German origin .
Dr. Cecilio Báez González was born in Asunción , capital of Paraguay on February 1 , 1862 .
Loni Heuser ( January 22 , 1908 in Düsseldorf -- March 6 , 1999 in Berlin ) was a German film actress .
Patric Doonan ( b. 18 April 1925 , Derby , Derbyshire - d. 10 March 1958 , London ) was a British stage and screen actor .
Marcello Creti ( born in Rome on 16 April 1922 ; died in Sutri on 1 January 2000 ) was an Italian inventor , gem prospector , and reported healer who for a time led a group in a farm called Sapientia .
Hans Schmidt - Isserstedt died in Holm , Pinneberg , West Germany , in 1973 .
Allan Macfadyen ( 26 May 1860 in Glasgow -- 1 March 1907 in Hampstead , London ) was a Scottish bacteriologist , a pioneer in immunization against bacterial infection .
Guilhèm Adèr ( in French language Guilhem Ader ; Gimont ? , 1567 ? - Gimont , 1638 ) was an Occitan language writer from Gascony .
Willy Hellpach ( February 26 , 1877 in Oels , Silesia - July 6 , 1955 in Heidelberg ) was the sixth State President of Baden .
After the destruction of Mingxing 's studio by Japanese bombing during the 1937 Battle of Shanghai , Zhang Shichuan made films for the China United Film Production Company ( Zhonglian ) in Japanese - occupied Shanghai , which led to accusations of treason after the surrender of Japan in 1945 .
Arno Holz ( Rastenburg , 26 April 1863 -- 24 October 1929 , Berlin ) was a German naturalist poet and dramatist .
Margarete Hilferding , born Hönigsberg ( June 20 , 1871 , Hernals , Vienna -- September 23 , 1942 ; died on the transport between Theresienstadt concentration camp and Maly Trostenets extermination camp ) , was an Austrian Jewish teacher , doctor , individual psychologist .
Piet van de Kamp ( December 26 , 1901 in Kampen -- May 18 , 1995 in Amsterdam ) , known as Peter van de Kamp in the United States , was a Dutch astronomer who lived most of his life in the United States .
Missak Kouyumjian ( Armenian : Միսաք Գույումճյան ; September 8 , 1877 Caesarea , Ankara Vilayet , Ottoman Empire - September 13 , 1913 Adana , Ottoman Turkey ) , better known by his pen name Arandzar ( Armenian : Առանձար ) , is a famed Armenian short story writer , poet , and principal .
The Rev Dr Alexander Crombie ( 17 July 1762 Aberdeen -- 11 June 1840 , York Terrace , Regent 's Park , London , England ) was a Presbyterian minister , schoolmaster and philosopher .
Antonio Alberti was an Italian painter , active mainly in the 15th century in his native city of Ferrara , as well as Bologna and Urbino .
At 5 p.m. July 3 , 1904 , in Edlach , a village inside Reichenau an der Rax , Lower Austria , Theodor Herzl , having been diagnosed with a heart issue earlier in the year , died of cardiac sclerosis .
Jakob Aleksič ( Obrež , Slovenia , 30.5.1897 - 2.10.1980 , Ljubljana ) was a Slovenian theologian .
Claude Garamont ( ca . 1505 -- 1561 ) , known commonly as Claude Garamond , was a French type designer , publisher and punch - cutter from Paris .
Hermann Ludwig Kutzschbach ( 30 August 1875 , Meissen -- 9 February 1938 , Dresden ) was a German conductor whose career was principally at Dresden .
Kazimierz Brodziński ( 8 March 1791 in Królówka -- 10 October 1835 in Dresden ) was an important Polish Romantic poet .
Jan Appel ( pseudonyms : Max Hempel , Jan Arndt , Jan Voß ; 1890 , Mecklenburg -- 4 May 1985 , Maastricht ) was a German revolutionary who participated in the German Revolution .
John Peter Zenger ( October 26 , 1697 -- July 28 , 1746 ) was a German American printer and journalist in New York City .
Paul Hermann ( 30 June 1646 , Halle -- 29 January 1695 , Leiden ) was a German born physician and botanist who for 15 years was director of the Hortus Botanicus Leiden .
Theobald Schrems ( 17 February 1893 -- 15 November 1963 ) was the founder of the Musikgymnasium der Regensburger Domspatzen , a musical gymnasium for the boys ' choir Regensburger Domspatzen at the Regensburg Cathedral .
Jorge Enrique Adoum ( Ambato , June 29 , 1926 -- Quito , July 3 , 2009 ) was an Ecuadorian writer , poet , politician , and diplomat .
Dmitry Zubarev was born in Moscow in the family of an engineer .
Jehangir Hormusjee Ruttonjee ( 1880 - -1960 ) ( Chinese : 律敦治 ) was a Parsee in Hong Kong .
Wolfgang Katzheimer the elder ( German : Wolfgang Katzheimer der Ältere ; c. 1430 -- 1508 , Bamberg ) was a German painter , draftsman , and designer .
Danny Barker ( January 13 , 1909 -- March 13 , 1994 ) , born Daniel Moses Barker , was a jazz banjoist , singer , guitarist , songwriter , ukulele player and author from New Orleans .
Luigi Firpo ( 1915 in Turin -- 1989 in Turin ) was an Italian historian and politician .
On September 1 , 2009 , Moumin Bahdon Farah died in Paris .
Jimmy Mills ( born 1 July 1894 in Dundee , Scotland ; died 8 October 1990 in Sebring , Florida ) was a Scottish - American soccer wing - half and coach .
Lieven Gevaert ( Antwerp , 28 May 1868 -- The Hague , 2 February 1935 ) was a Flemish industrialist .
Reinhold Quaatz ( born 8 May 1876 in Berlin - died 15 August 1953 in West Berlin ) was a German conservative politician active during the Weimar Republic .
Max Gold ( born Vienna , Austria ; died Tehran , Iran ) was an early twentieth century Austrian football ( soccer ) right full back who played professionally in Austria and the United States .
Andrija Paltašić ( Italian : Andrea Paltasichi Latin Andreas de Paltasichis ; Kotor 1440 -- Venice 1500 ) was a Venetian printer and publisher who was active from 1476 to 1492 .
Eleonore of Fürstenberg ( 11 October 1523 -- 23 June 1544 in Bouxwiller ) was a daughter of Count Frederick III of Fürstenberg .
Natale Battezzati ( 1818 - -1882 ) was a printer and publishing house owner in Milan , Italy in the mid- and late 1880s .
Mahmut Atalay ( March 30 , 1934 , Çorum -- December 4 , 2004 , Ankara ) was a renowned Turkish World champion and Olympic medalist sports wrestler in the Welterweight class ( 73 kg until 1961 , 78 kg from 1961 on ) and a trainer who was born in Corum , Turkey .
James Pounder Whitney ( 30 November 1857 , Marsden , West Yorkshire -- 17 June 1939 , Cambridge ) was a British ecclesiastical historian .
Camille Libar ( 27 December 1917 -- 10 October 1991 ) in Dudelange ) is a former football player and manager from Luxembourg .
Hans Siemsen ( Pseudonym : Pfarrer Silesius , 27 March 1891 , Hamm - 23 . June 1969 , Essen ) was a German wrietr and journalist .
Jorge Loring Martinez ( Malaga , Spain , October 12 , 1889 -- Madrid , Spain , September 22 , 1936 ) was a Spanish engineer and entrepreneur , pioneer of civil aviation in that country , and considered by the Spanish Patent Office one of their great inventors .
Arsène Darmesteter ( 5 January 1846 , Château - Salins , Moselle -- 16 November 1888 , Paris ) was a distinguished French philologist and man of letters .
Magdalene Sibylle of Holstein - Gottorp ( also spelled Magdalena Sibylla ; 1631 at Gottorp Castle -- 1719 in Güstrow ) was a Duchess of Hostein - Gottorp by birth and by marriage Duchess of Mecklenburg - Güstrow .
Iosif Papp - Szilágyi de Illyésfalva ( Romanian : Iosif Pop Sliaghi de Illyésfalva ; 13 April 1813 - -5 August 1873 ) was the Bishop of the Diocese of Oradea Mare of the Romanian Greek - Catholic Church from 1863 to 1872 .
Cardinal Bernard Maciejowski , Ciołek coat of arms ( born 1548 -- died 19 January 1608 in Kraków ) , Polish nobleman , starosta , royal standard bearer , statesman and Catholic Church leader ;
Michelangelo Ricci was born on 30 January 1619 in Rome , then capital of the Papal States , to a family of low social standing that originated in Bergamo .
Iisakki Vihtori Kosola ( 10 July 1884 -- 14 December 1936 ) was the leader of the Finnish right - wing radical Lapua Movement .
Marta Abba ( 25 June 1900 in Milan , Italy -- 24 June 1988 in Milan ) was an Italian actress .
Thomas Hutchins ( Monmouth County , NJ 1730 -- April 18 , 1789 , Pittsburgh ) was an American military engineer , cartographer , geographer and surveyor .
Marinus Robyn van der Goes ( alternative names : Marinus Robin van der Goes , Ignatius Cornelis Marinus , Ignatius Cornelis Marinus ) ( Goes or London ? , 1599 - Antwerp , 1639 ) was a Flemish engraver .
Juan de Leyva de la Cerda , conde de Baños y marqués de Leyva y de Ladrada ( February 2 , 1604 , Alcalá de Henares -- March 27 , 1678 , Guadalajara , Spain ) was a Spanish nobleman and viceroy of New Spain from September 16 , 1660 to June 28 , 1664 .
( Sophie Dorothea ) Friederike Krüger , alias August Lübeck or Auguste Krüger ( 8 October 1789 , Friedland , Mecklenburg - 31 May 1848 , Templin ) was a soldier in the Prussian army .
Simon Oakland died of cancer , one day after his 68th birthday ( 29 August 1983 ) , in Cathedral City , California .
Baron Vaea died at his residence , ' Tali ki Ha'apai ' , in Houma , Tongatapu , Tonga , on 7 June 2009 , at approximately 10 pm He was 88 years old .
Marah Roesli was born in Padang , West Sumatra on August 7 , 1889 , and died in Bandung , West Java on January 17 , 1968 .
John Mavrocordatos ( Greek : Ιωάννης Μαυροκορδάτος , Romanian : Ioan A. Mavrocordat ) , born in Constantinople on 23 July 1684 and dead in Bucharest on 23 February 1719 , was caimacam of Moldavia ( 7 October 1711 -- 16 November 1711 ) and Prince of Wallachia between 2 December 1716 and 23 February 1719 .
Pier Ugo Calzolari ( 11 March 1938 -- 11 October 2012 ) was an Italian engineer and professor of Applied Electronics at the University of Bologna since 1969 .
Teofil Adamecki ( 1886 in Bielsko - Biała -- 1969 ) was a Polish lawyer and activist .
Peter Schenk the Younger ( born 15 February 1693 in Amsterdam ; died : 14 January 1775 ) was a Dutch engraver and map publisher active in Leipzig .
Francesco De Rocchi ( Saronno ( Varese ) , 1902 -- Milan , 1978 ) was an Italian painter .
Zimbert Jenisch ( born 1587 in Augsburg , died 28 November 1645 in Hamburg ) was a German merchant and patrician .
Nikolay Lanceray ( Russian : Николай Евгеньевич Лансере , April 26 , 1879 in Saint Petersburg -- May 6 , 1942 in Saratov ) was a Russian architect , preservationist , illustrator of books and historian of neoclassical art , biographer of Charles Cameron , Vincenzo Brenna and Andreyan Zakharov .
George Kirke Spoor ( December 18 , 1871 -- 24 November 1953 ) was an early film pioneer who , with Gilbert M. `` Broncho Billy '' Anderson , founded Essanay Studios in Chicago in 1907 .
James Anson Campbell ( September 11 , 1854 -- September 20 , 1933 ) was an American business leader known for his role as chairman of Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company , one of the largest regional steel - production firms in the United States .
Wilhelm Adam ( 28 March 1893 in Eichen , now a part of Nidderau -- 24 November 1978 in Dresden ) was a career military officer who served in three German Armies and later became an East German politician .
Marieluise Fleißer ( German pronunciation : ( maˌʁiːluˈiːzə ˈflaɪsɐ ) ; 23 November 1901 , Ingolstadt -- 2 February 1974 , Ingolstadt ) was a German author and playwright .
Vilhelm Lundstrøm ( 1893 , Copenhagen -- 1950 ) was one of Denmark 's most successful modernist painters .
Pierre Deniker ( 16 February 1917 , Paris -- 17 August 1998 ) was involved , jointly with Jean Delay and J. M. Harl , in the introduction of chlorpromazine ( Thorazine ) , the first antipsychotic used in the treatment of schizophrenia , in the 1950s .
John B. Clymer ( March 6 , 1887 - May 24 , 1937 ) was a Hollywood film screenwriter .
John Smybert ( or Smibert ) ( 1688 - -1751 ) was a Scottish American artist , who was born in Edinburgh , Scotland and died in Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
Andreas Rett ( January 2 , 1924 in Fürth , Bavaria -- April 25 , 1997 in Vienna ) was an Austrian neurologist and author .
Josef Allram ( Schrems , November 22 , 1860- Mödling , December 29 , 1941 ) was an Austrian writer and teacher .
Hans Heinrich Schmid ( 22 October 1937 in Winterthur , Canton of Zürich--4 October 2014 ) was a Swiss Protestant Reformed theologian , University Professor and University Rector .
Nicolangelo Carnimeo ( Bari 6 July 1887 - Naples 1965 ) was an Italian lieutenant - general ; later a legal - administrative judge and then a member of Parliament of the Italian Republic .
Mohamed Jamoussi ( Arabic : محمد الجموسي‎ ) ( born July 12 , 1910 in Sfax and died on January 3 , 1982 ) was a Tunisian singer , composer , and poet .
Jaro Procházka ( April 22 , 1886 in Prague , Vyšehrad -- September 30 , 1949 in Prague ) was a Czech painter specializing in cities and landscapes .
Jean - Victor Schnetz ( April 14 , 1787 , Versailles - March 15 , 1870 , Paris ) was a French academic painter well regarded for his historical and genre paintings .
Juan Carlos Altavista ( January 4 , 1929 in Buenos Aires -- July 20 , 1989 ) was an Argentine actor and comedian .
Mladen III Šubić ( Croatian : Mladen III . Šubić ) ( c. 1315 -- Trogir , 1 May 1348 ) was a member of the Croatian Šubić noble family , who ruled from Klis Fortress .
Václav Hladík ( August 22 , 1868 in Prague - April 29 , 1913 in Prague ) was a Czech novelist , journalist and translator .
Gladys Castelvecchi ( born November 26 , 1922 in Rocha , Uruguay and died on May 28 , 2008 in Montevideo ) was an Uruguayan poet and literature professor .
Pilot Colonel Jacinto Rodríguez Díaz ( Totonicapán , 16 August 1901 -- Guatemala City , 28 September 1929 ) was one of the aviation pioneers in Guatemala .
Claude Barrett ( 5 December 1907 -- 3 August 1976 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Bradford Park Avenue , Port Vale and York City .
Prince Pavel Yengalychev or Engalytshev ( Russian : Павел Николаевич Енгалычев ; 25 March 1864 -- 12 August 1944 , Lausanne ) was a Russian prince and general .
Mohan Bhandari ( died 24 September 2015 ) was an India actor who featured in several popular TV serials such as Saat Phere .
Hans Imhoff ( March 12 , 1922 -- December 21 , 2007 ) was a German chocolate producer and founder of the Imhoff - Schokoladenmuseum ( Imhoff Chocolate Museum ) in Cologne , Germany .
Gaspard Dughet ( 15 June 1615 -- 27 May 1675 ) , also known as Gaspard Poussin , was a French painter born in Rome .
Alastair Reid ( Whithorn , 22 March 1926 -- Manhattan , 21 September 2014 ) was a Scottish poet and a scholar of South American literature .
Kazimierz Jelski ( 1782 -- March 1867 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) was a Polish Classicist architect and sculptor active in Lithuania .
Horace Chapin Henry ( October , 6 1844 - -June 28 , 1928 ) was an early Seattle businessman and founder of the Henry Art Gallery and Firland Tuberculosis Hospital .
Oluf Braren was born in Oldsum on Föhr in North Frisia .
Felice Nazzaro ( 4 December 1881 - 21 March 1940 ) was an Italian racecar driver , a native of Turin .
Pietro Perna ( 1519 -- August 16 , 1582 ) was an Italian printer , the leading printer of Late Renaissance Basel , the Erasmian crossroads between Italian Renaissance humanism and the Protestant Reformation .
Pavel Wonka ( January 21 , 1953 in Vrchlabí -- April 24 , 1988 in Hradec Králové ) was a Czechoslovak dissident of partly German origin and a victim of communist terror .
Joyce McDougall ( /məkˈduːɡəl/ ; 26 April 1920 , Dunedin , New Zealand -- 24 August 2011 , London , UK ) was a New Zealand - French psychoanalyst .
William Fell Giles ( April 8 , 1807 in Harford County , Maryland -- March 21 , 1879 in Baltimore , Maryland ) was a U.S. Representative from Maryland and later a United States federal judge .
Anton Kaindl ( July 14 , 1902 , Munich , Kingdom of Bavaria -- 1948 in Vorkuta ) was an SS - Standartenführer and commandant of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp from 1942 - 1945 .
Nicola Fergola ( 1753 - 1824 ) was a mathematician from Italy professor in the university of Naples .
Georg Christian August Kestner ( 28 November 1777 in Hanover ; 5 March 1853 in Rome ) was a German diplomat and art collector .
Dieter Noll died in the night of February 6 of cancer in Zeuthen .
Earl Irvin West ( May 18 , 1920 , Carmel , Indiana -- February 4 , 2011 , Memphis , Tennessee ) was a historian of the Restoration Movement .
Carlos Pau y Español ( 1857 , Segorbe , Spain -- 1937 , Segorbe ) was a Spanish botanist .
Violet Mersereau died on November 12 , 1975 in Plymouth , Massachusetts , at the age of 83 .
Mathieu Matégot died at Angers , France in February 2001 .
Edward Joseph Kelly ( May 1 , 1876 -- October 20 , 1950 ) served as chief engineer of the Chicago Sanitary District in the 1920s , and later as mayor of Chicago , Illinois ( 1933 - -1947 ) ; he was a Democrat .
Abbé Joseph - Antoine Boullan ( Saint - Porquier , Tarn - et - Garonne , 18 February 1824 -- 4 January 1893 , Lyon ) was a French Roman Catholic priest and later a laicized priest , who is often accused of being a Satanist although he continued to defend his status as a Christian .
Ivan Stodola ( 10 March 1888 in Liptovský Svätý Mikuláš -- 26 March 1977 in Piešťany ) was Slovak dramatist and writer .
Piero Bellugi ( 14 July 1924 -- 10 June 2012 ) was an Italian conductor from Florence .
Friedrich Noack , who wrote under the pseudonym F. Idus , ( 20 April 1858 , Gießen -- 1 February 1930 , Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a German cultural historian and author , who wrote several articles for the Künstlerlexikon ( arts dictionary ) Thieme - Becker .
Sadek Boukhalfa ( born August 25 , 1934 in Azzaba , French Algeria - died July 3 , 2009 in Nantes , France ) was a former Algerian international football player .
Paul Henry Lang ( August 28 , 1901 , Budapest -- September 21 , 1991 , Lakeville , Connecticut ) was a Hungarian - American musicologist and music critic .
Johann Schicht ( March 8 , 1855 , Rynoltice ( Ringelshain ) - June 3 , 1907 , Ústí nad Labem ( Aussig ) ) was a German Bohemian entrepreneur , owner of a large soap - making plant .
Dr Ján Ladislav Nádaši - Jégé ( * 12 February 1866 , Dolný Kubín -- † 2 July 1940 , Dolný Kubín ) was a Slovak writer , literary critic and doctor .
John Christian of Brieg ( Polish : Jan Chrystian Brzeski ; German : Johann Christian von Brieg ; Ohlau , 28 August 1591 -- Osterode in Ostpreußen ( today Ostróda ) , 25 December 1639 ) , was a Duke of Brzeg--
Teodoro Bronzini ( October 10 , 1888 -- August 20 , 1981 ) was an Argentine politician , affiliated with the Socialist Party , who served as Mayor of Mar del Plata for four periods , from the 1920s to the 1960s .
Marius Lavet ( Clermont - Ferrand , February 8 , 1894 - Paris , February 14 , 1980 ) was a French engineer who invented in 1936 the principle of stepper motor .
In the 1830s , Jakob Heine opened an orthopaedic institution in Cannstatt near Stuttgart and served as director there until 1865 .
Franz Joseph Emil Fischer ( 19 March 1877 in Freiburg i m Breisgau -- 1 December 1947 in Munich ) was a German chemist and father to Artur Fischer and Siegfried Fischer .
Francesc de Borja Moll i Casasnovas ( Ciutadella , Minorca , 1903 - Palma , Majorca , 1991 ) was a Catalan language linguist .
Pier Francesco Mola , called Il Ticinese ( 9 February 1612 -- 13 May 1666 ) was an Italian painter of the High Baroque , mainly active around Rome .
František Graus ( 14 December 1921 , Brno--1 May 1989 , Basel ) was a Czech historian whose work focused on the social and economic history of medieval Europe , particularly the history of social movements and of ethnic and religious minorities .
Dmytro Vitovsky ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Вітовський ) ( 8 November 1887 , Medukha , Stanislau powiat , Galicia and Lodomeria , Austro - Hungary -- 8 July 1919 , Racibórz , Silesia , Germany ) was a Ukrainian politician and military leader .
Sergio Méndez Arceo ( 1907 in Tlalpan -- 1992 in Morelos ) was a Mexican Bishop , activist and human rights supporter .
Franz Xaver Wagenschön ( 1726 , Littisch ( aka Littitsch , Liticze , Czech : Litíč ) , near Jaroměř , north - eastern Bohemia -- 1790 , Vienna ) was a German Bohemian painter of the Rococo and Neoclassical styles .
Henri Joseph Thomas ( 1878 - 1972 ) was a Belgian genre , portrait and still life painter , sculptor and etcher from the Belgian School , Brussels , Belgium .
In January 1917 Emma Miller travelled to Toowoomba for several weeks rest .
Amedeo Bocchi ( August 24 , 1883 -- December 16 , 1976 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in Rome .
Domenico Cavalca ( Vicopisano , c. 1270 -- Pisa , October 1342 ) was an Italian writer .
Wolfgang Müller - Wiener ( Friedrichswerth , Thuringia , 17 May 1923 - Istanbul , Turkey , 25 March 1991 ) was a German architecture historian , archaeologist and Byzantinist .
Franca Helg ( 21 February 1920 Milan -- 4 June 1989 Milan ) was an Italian designer and architect .
Aribo , Archbishop of Mainz , had a church built over Heimerad 's grave on the Hasunger Berg two years after his death , in 1021 , which served as the nucleus of Hasungen Abbey , founded in 1074 .
Anton Geiss , German spelling Anton Geiß ( 11 August 1858 in Rettenbach -- 3 March 1944 in Schriesheim ) was a German politician in the Republic of Baden .
Benoit Turretin ( 1588 - -1631 ) , the son of Francesco Turretini , a native of Lucca , who settled in Geneva in 1579 , was born at Zurich in November 1588 .
Eduard Bornhöhe ( pen name ) , born Eduard Brunberg ( 17 February 1862 ( O.S. 5 February 1862 ) in Kullaaru , Rakvere Parish , Lääne - Viru County -- 17 November 1923 in Tallinn ) , was an Estonian writer .
Bruno Franz Leopold Liebermann ( b. at Molsheim in Alsace , 12 October 1759 ; d. at Strasbourg , 11 November 1844 ) was a German Catholic theologian .
Marijan Lipovšek ( Ljubljana 26 January 1910 -- 25 December 1995 ) was a Slovenian composer , pianist , and teacher .
Ephraim Webster ( June 30 , 1762 - October 16 , 1824 ) was the first white settler in Central New York when he arrived in 1786 to an area later named Syracuse .
Hugo Huppert ( 5 June 1902 in Bielitz , Silesia ( now Bielsko ) - 25 March 1982 in Vienna ) was an Austrian poet , translator and writer .
Matthew Linn Bruce ( October 1 , 1860 , Mercersburg , Franklin County , Pennsylvania -- February 26 , 1936 , Albany , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Michel Hénon ( French : ( enɔ̃ ) ; 1931 , Paris -- 7 April 2013 , Nice ) was a French mathematician and astronomer .
Tad Dorgan and his wife , Izole M. , lived in a Great Neck , New York house valued at $ 75,000 .
They reached France on 2 July 1802 and , on 25 August , Toussaint Louverture was sent to the jail in Fort - de - Joux in the Doubs .
Laurens Theodorus Gronovius ( June 1 , 1730 -- August 8 , 1777 ) , also known as Laurentius Theodorus Gronovius or as Laurens Theodore Gronow , was a Dutch naturalist born in Leiden .
Alemdar Mustafa Pasha was buried in the courtyard of the Zeynep Sultan Mosque in Istanbul .
José Manuel Joly Braga Santos , ComSE ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒɔˈli ˈbɾaɡɐ ˈsɐ̃tuʃ ) ; May 14 , 1924 -- July 18 , 1988 ) was a Portuguese composer and conductor , who was born and died in Lisbon .
Joachim Ringelnatz is the pen name of the German author and painter Hans Bötticher ( 7 August 1883 , Wurzen , Saxony -- 17 November 1934 , Berlin ) .
Matthias Eberhard ( born 15 November 1815 , at Trier , Germany , d. there 30 May 1876 ) was a German Roman Catholic Bishop of Trier .
Antoninus agreed , and soon afterward Hadrian died at Baiae .
Egidio Viganò ( born in Sondrio , Italy on June 29 , 1920 , died in Rome on January 23 , 1995 ) was a Roman Catholic Priest of the Salesians of Don Bosco , who was the 7th Rector Major of that Order from 1977 until his death in 1995 .
Gaetano Gandolfi ( 31 August 1734 -- 20 June 1802 ) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque and early Neoclassic period , active in Bologna .
Douglas Payne ( born 1875 in England - died 3 August 1965 in London , England ) was a British actor of the silent era .
Ludwig von Buhl ( January 4 , 1816 -- July 30 , 1880 ) was a German pathologist born in Munich .
Temple Moore died at his home in Hampstead in 1920 , and was buried at St John 's Church , Hampstead .
Blanche Sewell ( born October 27 , 1898 , Oklahoma - d. February 2 , 1949 , Burbank , California ) was an American film editor .
Henri Lucien Jumelle ( 25 November 1866 in Dreux , Eure - et - Loir Department France -- 6 December 1935 in Marseille , Bouches - du - Rhône Department , France ) was a French botanist .
Baghdasar Arzoumanian ( 1916 - 2001 ) ( Armenian : Բաղդասար Արզումանյան , also Bagdasar , Paghtasar , Paghtassar , Baghdik , Bagdik , Arzumanian , Arzoumanyan , Arzumanyan ) was an Armenian architect and designer based in Yerevan , Armenia .
Franz Xaver Stöber ( 20 February 1795 , Vienna - 11 April 1858 , Vienna ) was an Austrian engraver and etcher .
Jane Henson died on April 2 , 2013 , from cancer at the family home in Greenwich , Connecticut .
Frank W. Cyr died at the age of 95 in Stamford , New York in 1995 .
Jan Preisler ( 17 February 1872 , Králův Dvůr -- 27 April 1918 , Prague ) was a Czech painter and art professor .
Walter Scheller was killed at Brest - Litovisk on 21 July 1944 , during the Lublin--
Charles Vaurie ( 7 July 1906 , Beaulieu - sur - Dordogne , France -- 13 May 1975 , Reading , Pennsylvania ) was a French - born American ornithologist .
Karl Ferdinand Ranke ( 26 May 1802 , Wiehe -- 29 March 1876 , Berlin ) was a German educator and classical philologist .
Józef Padewski ( 18 February 1894 in Antoniów Masovian Voivodeship -- 10 May 1951 in Warsaw ) was the bishop of the Polish Diocese of the Polish National Catholic Church ( PNCC ) ( a church based in the United States ) .
Jane Joseph was born on 31 May 1894 at 23 Clanricarde Gardens , in the Notting Hill district of the Borough of Kensington , London , to a prosperous Jewish family .
Alexey Eisner ( Russian : Алексе́й Влади́мирович Э́йснер ; IPA : ( ɐlʲɪkˈsʲej vlɐˈdʲimʲɪrəvʲɪtɕ ˈejsʲnʲɪr ) ; 5 October 1905 in St. Petersburg -- 30 November 1984 in Moscow ) , was a Russian poet , translator and writer .
Stephenson built the Benjamin Stephenson House in Edwardsville , Illinois .
Jacinto Lara ( Carora , 5 June 1777 - Barquisimeto , 25 February 1859 ) , was a Venezuelan independence leader and hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence .
Abraham van der Hart ( 1747 or 1757 , Amsterdam -- 1820 , Amsterdam ) was an 18th - century architect from the Northern Netherlands .
Giuseppe Concone ( 1801 Turin - 1861 Turin ) was an Italian vocal teacher .
Elias van den Broeck ( 1649 , Antwerp -- buried 6 February 1708 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Golden Age flower painter .
Izaak Enschedé ( 16 April 1681 in Haarlem -- 1 May 1761 in Haarlem ) was the founder of the printing company Royal Joh .
Rudolph Anders ( December 17 , 1902 in Germany -- March 27 , 1987 in Woodland Hills , Los Angeles , California , USA ) was a German character actor who came to the United States after the rise of Hitler , and appeared in numerous American films in the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s .
Birger Hønningstad ( 17 September 1904 in Ås , Akershus , Norway -- 2 April 1976 in Oslo , Norway ) was a Norwegian engineer and aircraft designer .
Giovanni Morelli ( Verona 25 February 1816 -- 28 February 1891 Milan ) was an Italian art critic and political figure .
Charles Jean - Baptiste Amyot ( 23 September 1799 Vendreeuv - 13 October 1866 Paris ) was a French lawyer and entomologist especially interested in the Hemiptera .
Sir Crisp Gascoyne ( 1700 -- 28 December 1761 ) was an English businessman who became Lord Mayor of London .
Bonaldo Stringher ( Udine , 18 December 1854 -- Rome , 24 December 1930 ) was an Italian banker , economist and politician .
Ernst Küster ( 18 June 1874 in Breslau -- 6 July 1953 in Gießen ) was a German botanist known for his work in plant cell research .
Johann Michael Sailer ( Aresing , 17 October 1751 - Regensburg , 20 May 1832 ) was a German Jesuit professor of theology and Bishop of Regensburg .
Friedrich Bassler ( 21 June 1909 , Karlsruhe - 7 September 1992 , Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a German hydraulic engineer .
Paolo Enriques ( 17 August 1878 , Leghorn -- 26 December 1932 , Rome ) was an Italian zoologist .
Saint Gratus of Oloron ( French : Grat d'Oloron ; Catalan : Grat d'Auloron ; also known , from his place of birth , as Grat de Lichos ) ( born 5th century ; died after 506 ) was a bishop of Oloron .
Giuseppe Agostino Orsi ( 1692 , Florence - 1761 ) was a cardinal , theologian , and ecclesiastical historian .
Liemar ( unknown -- 16 May 1101 , in Bremen ) was archbishop of Hamburg - Bremen from 1072 to 1101 , and an important figure of the early Investiture Contest .
David Giuliano ( born May 16 , 1960 ) was the Moderator of the United Church of Canada from 2006 to 2009 .
Yirmisekiz Mehmed Çelebi Efendi ( died 1732 ) , also Mehmed Efendi ( sometimes spelled Mehemet Effendi in France ) , was a Ottoman statesman who was delegated as ambassador by the Sultan Ahmed III to Louis XV 's France in 1720 .
Hubert Patrick O'Connor ( 1928 -- 24 July 2007 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic bishop of Prince George in British Columbia who was forced to resign following sex abuse charges being filed against him .
Mary Wright Plummer ( March 8 , 1856 in Richmond , Indiana -- September 21 , 1916 in Dixon , Illinois ) was a prominent American librarian who became the second female president of the American Library Association ( 1915 - -1916 ) .
Giambattista Spinola ( 20 September 1615 - -4 January 1704 ) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church and an Archbishop of Genoa .
Hyacinthe Sigismond Gerdil , C.R.S.P. ( 20 June 1718 -- 12 August 1802 ) was an Italian theologian , bishop and cardinal , who was a significant figure in the response of the papacy to the assault on the Catholic Church by the upheavals caused by the French Revolution .
James McDowell ( October 13 , 1795 -- August 24 , 1851 ) was 29th Governor of Virginia from 1843 to 1846 and was a U.S. Congressman from 1846 to 1851 .
Zail Singh was elected as a Congress Chief Minister of Punjab in 1972 .
Mario Sturzo ( Caltagirone , November 2 , 1861 - Piazza Armerina , November 12 , 1941 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop .
Hans Aumeier ( 20 August 1906 -- 28 January 1948 ) was an SS - Sturmbannführer ( major ) , the deputy commandant of Auschwitz concentration camp and a Nazi war criminal .
Traian Băsescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( traˈjan bəˈsesku ) ; born 4 November 1951 ) is a Romanian politician , who served as the fourth President of Romania from 2004 to 2014 .
Dennis Patrick O'Neil ( January 16 , 1940 - -October 17 , 2003 ) was an auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Bernardino .
Giovanni I Participazio ( or Particiaco ) ( died 837 ) was the tenth ( historical ) or twelfth ( traditional ) Doge of Venice from the death of his brother in 829 to his arrest and deposition in 836 .
Joseph Anthony Ferrario ( March 3 , 1926 -- December 12 , 2003 ) was the third bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu and served from 1982 to 1993 .
Peter P. Carr ( August 6 , 1890 - December 1 , 1966 ) was an American grocer who served three terms as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Senate from Rock County .
Martha Beatriz Merino Lucero ( born November 15 , 1947 , Peru ) was the first female Prime Minister of Peru .
Manuel Ávila Camacho ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maˈnwel ˈaβila kaˈmatʃo ) ; 24 April 1897 -- 13 October 1955 ) served as the President of Mexico from 1940 to 1946 .
Kunga Lekpa Jungne Gyaltsen ( Wylie : Kun dga legs pa'i ' byung gnas rgyal mts'an ) ( 1308 - 1330 ) was a Tibetan Imperial Preceptor ( Dishi ) at the court of the Mongol Yuan dynasty .
Saint Lullus ( Lull or Lul ) ( born about 710 in Wessex , died 16 October 786 in Hersfeld ) was the first permanent archbishop of Mainz , succeeding Saint Boniface , and first abbot of the Benedictine Hersfeld Abbey .
Benjamin Stoddert ( 1744 -- December 18 , 1813 ) was the first United States Secretary of the Navy from May 1 , 1798 to March 31 , 1801 .
Éric Caire ( born May 21 , 1965 in Sorel - Tracy , Quebec ) is a politician from Quebec , Canada , and the CAQ Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of La Peltrie .
Théophile Georges Kassab ( 5 June 1945 − 22 October 2013 ) was a Syrian Syriac Catholic archbishop .
Ingenuinus or Ingenuin , also Jenewein ( d. c. 605 ) , was the second historically confirmed bishop of Sabiona or Säben .
Daniel Betts , Jr. ( May 2 , 1699 -- Jul. 10 , 1783 ) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in 1777 .
Frank Thomas Stanfield ( 25 February 1903 -- 2 July 1967 ) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada for the Colchester--
Scipione Lancelotti ( 1527 - -1598 ) was an Italian who became a cardinal within the Roman Catholic Church .
Matthew Seymour ( also Matthew Seamer , and Matthew Seamore ) ( May 1669 -- 1735 ) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in the sessions of October 1712 , and October 1713 .
Yorke Allen , Jr. ( 28 April 1915 -- 6 April 1989 ) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from the 143rd district from 1979 to 1983 .
Hōjō Nagatoki 北条 長時 ( 1227 - -1264 ) was the sixth Shikken ( 1256 - -1264 ) of the Kamakura Bakufu and the 4th Chief of the Rokuhara Tandai North Branch Kitakata .
Mustafa Bülent Ecevit ( Turkish : ( byˈlænt edʒeˈvit ) ; 28 May 1925 -- 5 November 2006 ) was a Turkish politician , poet , writer , scholar , and journalist , who served as the Prime Minister of Turkey four times between 1974 and 2002 .
In December 2014 , Google sued Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood in federal court , seeking to block a 79-page subpoena from Attorney General for violating First and Fourth Amendments rights .
Pope Zephyrinus ( died 20 December 217 ) was bishop of Rome or pope from 199 to his death in 217 .
Pat Marsh ( born January 6 , 1949 in Fayetteville , Tennessee ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 62 since winning the special election on October 13 , 2009 to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Curt Cobb .
Michael P. McAuliffe ( born December 7 , 1963 ) is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 20th district in northwestern Chicago .
J. C. U. Niedermann ( born 1810 ) was an American gardener who served one year as a National Union Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 5th Milwaukee County assembly district ( the 5th Ward of the city of Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) in 1864 , succeeding Democrat Peter V. Deuster .
Phineas Jenks ( May 3 , 1781 -- August 6 , 1851 ) was a medical doctor and a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Arthur Koegel ( May 2 , 1889 -- May , 1974 ) was a Socialist bricklayer from Milwaukee who served five terms from 1933 - 1942 as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Miguel António do Amaral ( Lisbon ; 1710 -- Lisbon ; 1780 ) was a Portuguese court painter to the House of Braganza , progressing in the years from the household of Joseph I of Portugal to that of Maria I of Portugal and finally to the household of José , Prince of Brazil .
Pratap Singh Shah , King of Nepal ( Nepali : प्रतापसिंह शाह ) ( 1751 - -1777 ) was the second King of Nepal .
Pankraz Vorster ( July 31 , 1753 , Naples -- 9 September 1829 , Muri ) was a Swiss abbot .
William Earl Siebert , known as Bill Siebert ( born September 22 , 1947 ) , is a businessman in San Antonio , Texas , who is a Republican former member of the Texas House of Representatives from Bexar County , having served from 1993 to 2001 .
David Rice Atchison ( August 11 , 1807 -- January 26 , 1886 ) was a mid-19th century Democratic United States Senator from Missouri .
Honourable Elizabeth Charlotte Knollys ( c. 1835 -- 24 April 1930 ) was a Lady of the Bedchamber , and the first woman private secretary , to Princess Alexandra of Denmark , later Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom , consort of Edward VII of the United Kingdom .
Jiang Hua ( August 1 , 1907 -- December 24 , 1999 ) was a Chinese politician and President of the Supreme People 's Court of China .
Saint Chrodegang ( died 6 March 766 ) was the Frankish Bishop of Metz from 742 or 748 until his death .
Nguyễn Sinh Hùng ( born 18 January 1946 ) is a Vietnamese politician who has been Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam since 2011 .
Donna Howard ( born October 25 , 1951 ) is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives , representing the 48th District since her election in 2006 .
Pierre d'Ailly ( French : ( d‿aji ) ; Latin Petrus Aliacensis , Petrus de Alliaco ) ( 1351 -- 9 August 1420 ) was a French theologian , astrologer , and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Marilyn Slaby ( born November 19 , 1939 ) is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives , who has served the 41st District since her appointment in 2012 .
Khuiqer was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh known only for a limestone lintel bearing part of his royal titulary , found in Abydos by Flinders Petrie at the beginning of the 20th century , and now located at the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology ( E 17316 A - B ) .
Francis Charles McMains , Jr. , known as Chuck McMains ( born October 14 , 1948 ) , is a Baton Rouge attorney and businessman who served as a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1992 to 2001 from District 69 in East Baton Rouge Parish .
Fletcher D. Proctor ( November 7 , 1860 -- September 27 , 1911 ) was an American businessman , a Republican politician , and the 51st Governor of Vermont , who served from 1906 to 1908 .
Isidore Fattal ( born 26 October 1886 in Aleppo , Syria -- died on 4 September 1961 in Aleppo ) was a bishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church in Lebanon and Syria .
James Pleasants , Jr. ( October 24 , 1769 -- November 9 , 1836 ) was an American politician who served in the U.S. Senate from 1819 to 1822 and was the 22nd Governor of Virginia from 1822 to 1825 .
Elga L. Jefferies is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 26th District since her appointment in June 2006 after the death of the former Representative , Lovana `` Lou '' Jones .
Saint Cyprian of Toulon ( Cyprianus Tolonensis ) ( 476 -- October 3 , 546 ) was bishop of Toulon during the 6th century .
Lena Ek ( born 16 January 1958 in Mönsterås , Kalmar County ) is a Swedish politician who served as Minister for the Environment from 2011 to 2014 .
Djedkare Shemai may have been an ancient Egyptian pharaoh during the 7th dynasty of the 1st intermediate period .
Nathaniel Boileau ( died 1850 ) was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and served as speaker in 1808 .
Joseph Dao ( June 8 , 1936 -- October 23 , 2011 ) was the Burkinabé - born Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kayes , Mali .
Thomas Cushing II ( 1694 -- April 1746 ) was an American merchant , lawyer and politician who served as Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1742 to 1745 .
Alan Eggleston ( born 30 December 1941 ) is an Australian politician , who was a Liberal member of the Australian Senate from 1996 to 2014 representing Western Australia .
Jean - Pierre Delville , ( born 1951 ) is the 92nd bishop of the Diocese of Liège .
Emmet O'Neal ( September 23 , 1853 -- September 7 , 1922 ) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer who was the 34th Governor of Alabama from 1911 to 1915 .
Edmund Grindal ( c. 1519 -- 6 July 1583 ) was an English Protestant leader who successively held the posts of Bishop of London , Archbishop of York and Archbishop of Canterbury during the reign of Elizabeth I of England .
Maria Ruud ( born 1961 ) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 42A , which includes portions of western Hennepin County in the Twin Cities metropolitan area .
Gnaeus Cornelius Dolabella was a consul of the Roman Republic in 81 BC , with Marcus Tullius Decula , during the dictatorship of Sulla .
Joe S. Carr is a former member of the Tennessee House of Representatives , and a member of the Republican Party .
Alpha Oumar Konaré ( born 2 February 1946 ) is a former President of Mali for two five - year terms ( 1992 to 2002 ) , and was Chairperson of the African Union Commission from 2003 to 2008 .
Barbara Boyd ( April 24 , 1942 ) is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives , serving the 9th District from 2007 to 2014 , and the same district from 1993 until 2000 .
Nellie Cournoyea , OC ( born March 4 , 1940 in Aklavik , Northwest Territories ) is a Canadian politician , who served as the sixth Premier of the Northwest Territories from 1991 to 1995 .
Duncan Gillies ( January 1834 -- 12 September 1903 ) , Australian colonial politician , was the 14th Premier of Victoria .
Stephen Gardiner ( c. 1483 -- 12 November 1555 ) was an English bishop and politician during the English Reformation period who served as Lord Chancellor during the reign of Queen Mary I and King Philip .
Robert C. Kirkwood ( August 30 , 1909 -- May 5 , 1964 ) served as a member of the California State Assembly representing part of Santa Clara County from 1947 until 1953 , when he resigned to accept an appointment as California State Controller by Governor Earl Warren .
Helladius of Tarsus was a Christian bishop of Tarsus .
Luther von Braunschweig ( also known as Lothar of Brunswick ; ca . 1275 -- April 18 , 1335 ) was the 18th Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights .
Ramchandra Kashinath Mhalgi , also known as Rambhau Mhalgi , was an Indian politician , a member of the Lok Sabha and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Thomas Edward Gill ( March 18 , 1908 -- November 11 , 1973 ) was a Roman Catholic titular bishop of Lambaesis and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle .
Adelmann ( Latin : Adelmannus Leodiensis , Italian : Adelmanno di Liegi , French : Adelman de Liège , Dutch : Adelman van Luik , German : Adelmann von Lüttich ; ? , - c. 1061 , Brescia ) was the bishop of Brescia , in Northern Italy , during the eleventh century .
John V Palaiologos or Palaeologus ( Greek : Ίωάννης Ε ' Παλαιολόγος , Iōannēs V Palaiologos ; 18 June 1332 -- 16 February 1391 ) was a Byzantine emperor , who succeeded his father in 1341 at age eight .
Lowell Christopher Hazel , known as Chris Hazel ( born January 25 , 1965 ) , is an attorney from Pineville , Louisiana , who is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for District 27 , which encompasses northern Rapides Parish in the central portion of his state .
Ernst Heinrich Lindemann ( 25 January 1833 in Kirchlengern -- 8 May 1900 in Düsseldorf ) was German politician and mayor of Essen , Dortmund and Düsseldorf .
Bernardus Papiensis ( pre-1150 -- 18 September 1213 ) was an Italian canonist and bishop of the Christian Church .
Gopal Swarup Pathak ( 24 February 1896 -- 4 October 1982 ) was the fourth Vice President of India from August 1969 to August 1974 .
Pablo Vizcaíno Prado ( born June 22 , 1951 in Guatemala City ) , is a Guatemalan bishop .
Ed McBroom is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives , first elected in 2010 and re - elected to a second term in 2012 .
Prithviraj Chavan ( born 17 March 1946 ) is an Indian Politician who was the 17th Chief Minister of Maharashtra , a state in Western India .
Annemarie Huber - Hotz ( born 16 August 1948 in Baar , Zug ) was Federal Chancellor of Switzerland between 2000 and 2007 .
William O'Dwyer ( July 11 , 1890 -- November 24 , 1964 ) was the 100th Mayor of New York City , holding that office from 1946 to 1950 .
Antonio Baseotto ( b. Añatuya , April 4 , 1932 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop from Argentina .
Sir Samuel George Bonham , 1st Baronet KCB ( Chinese Translated Name 文咸 or 般咸 ) ( 7 September 1803 -- 8 October 1863 ) was a British colonial governor , who became the 3rd Governor of Hong Kong .
John D. Thompson , Jr. is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives .
Benjamin Hickox ( also Benjamin Hickcox ) ( 1686 - -November 17 , 1745 ) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk , Connecticut Colony in the session of May 1728 .
Tesfaye Gebre Kidan ( 1935 ? -- 2 June 2004 ) was an Ethiopian general who was President of Ethiopia for one week in late May 1991 .
Rasim Musabayov , sometimes known as Rasim Musabekov , ( Azerbaijani : Rasim Musabəyov , b. 1 January 1951 , Baku , Azerbaijani SSR , USSR ) is a Member of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan , political scientist and specialist in conflict resolution .
Suharto ( Javanese : ꦯꦸꦲꦂꦠ ; Gêdrìk : Suhartå ; O - Javanese : Suharta ; pronunciation ; 8 June 1921 -- 27 January 2008 ) was the second President of Indonesia , holding the office for 31 years from the ousting of Sukarno in 1967 until his resignation in 1998 .
Todd A. Eachus served as a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Archbishop Jules Mikhael Al - Jamil ( Syriac : ܝܘܠܝܘܣ ܡܝܟܐܝܠ ܓܡܝܠ , Arabic : يوليوس ميخائيل الجميل‎ ) ( November 18 , 1938 -- December 3 , 2012 ) was the Syriac Catholic titular archbishop of Tagritum and the auxiliary bishop .
August Heinrich Lehmann ( May 29 , 1842- ? ) was an American restaurateur from Hustisford , Wisconsin who served a single one - year term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Dodge County .
Manuel Isidoro Belzu Humerez ( 14 April 1808 -- 23 March 1865 ) was the 14th President of Bolivia from 1848 to 1855 .
Heinz Hohner ( 1907 - -1967 ) was the mayor of Augsburg , Germany , between 1946 and 1947 .
Meles Zenawi Asres ( Ge'ez : መለስ ዜናዊ አስረስ mäläs zenawi asräs listen ; 9 May 1955 -- 20 August 2012 , born Legesse Zenawi Asres ) was the Prime Minister of Ethiopia from 1995 until his death in 2012 .
Peter F. Leuch ( December 1 , 1882 -- ? ) was an American lawyer from Milwaukee who served as that city 's city clerk , and served one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Corrado Sanguineti ( born 7 November 1964 ) is , from 16 November 2015 , the elected bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pavia .
Cleveland Dear , Sr . ( August 22 , 1888 -- December 30 , 1950 ) , was a two - term U.S. representative for Louisiana 's 8th congressional district , since disbanded , a district attorney , a state court judge , and a candidate in 1936 for governor of Louisiana .
Michelle G. Schneider is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 35th District from 2001 - -2008 , and at a time serving as Majority Whip .
Francine Ruest - Jutras is a Canadian politician , who served as mayor of Drummondville , Quebec from 1987 to 2013 .
George Ward Hunt ( 30 July 1825 -- 29 July 1877 ) was a British Conservative Party politician and statesman , Chancellor of the Exchequer and First Lord of the Admiralty in 1st and 2nd ministries of Benjamin Disraeli .
Saint Felix of Como ( died c. 390 AD ) is venerated as the first bishop of Como , on October 8 , 391 .
Trusten Polk ( May 29 , 1811 -- April 16 , 1876 ) served as both the 12th Governor of Missouri in 1857 and U.S. Senator from 1857 to 1862 .
In Tam ( Khmer : អ៊ិន តាំ ; September 22 , 1922 -- April 1 , 2006 ) was a former Prime Minister of Cambodia .
Dadeus Grings ( born 7 September 1936 ) is a Roman Catholic bishop who is the current ordinary of the archdiocese of Porto Alegre .
Saint Carthage the Elder ( or Carthach ) was an Irish bishop and abbot in the sixth century .
Samuel Rinnah Van Sant ( May 11 , 1844 -- October 3 , 1936 ) was an American politician who served in the Minnesota House of Representatives and as the 15th Governor of Minnesota .
Horace Fairbanks ( March 21 , 1820 -- March 17 , 1888 ) was an American politician and the 36th Governor of Vermont from 1876 to 1878 .
Egon Vaupel ( born 15 November 1950 in Bad Endbach ) is a German politician , member of the SPD , and the incumbent mayor of Marburg .
Thomas Brassey , 1st Earl Brassey GCB TD JP DL ( 11 February 1836 -- 23 February 1918 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician , Governor of Victoria and founder of The Naval Annual .
Francesco Martelli was created cardinal priest in the consistory of 17 May 1706 by Pope Clement XI with the title of Sant'Eusebio .
Nancy Jenkins is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from the 57th district , which covers most of Lenawee County , Michigan .
John of Basingstoke ( d. 1252 ) , also called John Basing was an Archdeacon of Leicester in the 13th century .
Hemming Andreas Carlgren ( born 8 July 1958 ) is a Swedish Centre Party politician , and a former Minister for the Environment in the Swedish government .
David Ralston is a Republican member of the Georgia House of Representatives for the 7th district , encompassing parts of Dawson County , Fannin County , and Gilmer County .
Isaac W. Patton was the 39th mayor of New Orleans ( November 18 , 1878 -- December 16 , 1880 ) .
George J. Woerth was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Vincent Nguyen ( born Nguyễn Mạnh Hiếu on May 8 , 1966 ) is an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Toronto .
Curt Hagman ( born January 2 , 1965 ) was a Republican member of the California State Assembly , representing the 55th district .
Fernando Chui Sai On ( Chinese : 崔世安 ; pinyin : Cuī Shì'ān ; born 13 January 1957 ) is the current Chief Executive of Macau , he was the Secretary for Social and Cultural Affairs from 1999 to 2009 .
Andraos Abouna ( March 23 , 1943 -- July 27 , 2010 ) was the Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of Hirta and the auxiliary bishop of the Chaldean Catholic Patriarchate of Babylon .
Veit Truchseß von Pommersfelden ( died 1503 ) was the Prince - Bishop of Bamberg from 1501 to 1503 .
Constantin Sănătescu ( January 14 , 1885 , Craiova -- November 8 , 1947 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian statesman who served as the first Prime Minister of Romania after the August 23 , 1944 coup , through which Romania left the Axis Powers and joined the Allies .
Vital I Michele ( or Vitale I Michiel ) ( died 1102 ) was a Doge of Venice ; he was the 33rd traditional ( 30th historic ) Doge of the Republic of Venice .
Evgeny Katichev is a professional ice hockey defenceman who currently a free agent .
Franz - Josef Vogt ( born 30 October 1985 ) is a retired international footballer from Liechtenstein who played as a defender .
Nick Niedert ( born June 16 , 1982 in Hudson , Iowa ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender formerly of the Jersey Rockhoppers in the Eastern Professional Hockey League ( EPHL ) .
Kim Dae - sung ( Korean : 김대성 ; born May 10 , 1972 South Korea ) is a former South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Slavomír Bališ ( born 26 September 1985 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who recently played for the 3 .
Corey Stuart is a fictional character in the long - running television series , Lassie ( 1954 - -1973 ) .
Rocket Raccoon appeared as a prominent member in the 2008 relaunch of the superhero team Guardians of the Galaxy .
Barbara Havers is a fictional detective in The Inspector Lynley series created by American mystery author Elizabeth George .
Titania is a character in William Shakespeare 's play A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
Charles Foster Kane is a fictional character and the subject of Orson Welles ' 1941 film Citizen Kane .
Lieutenant Starbuck of the Colonial Service , played by Dirk Benedict , is a fictional character in the 1978 science fiction television series Battlestar Galactica .
Della Alexander is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders played by Michelle Joseph from 1 March 1994 until 16 May 1995 .
Liam Butcher is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Sonny Bottomley for two months in 1998 and 1999 , twins Jack and Tom Godolphin from 1999 , Gavin and Mitchell Vaughan in 2002 , and by Nathaniel Gleed from 2002 to 2004 .
Hari Prasad is a fictional character from British soap opera Emmerdale , played by John Nayagam .
Karen McCluskey is a fictional character on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives .
Vesper Lynd is a fictional character featured in Ian Fleming 's 1953 James Bond novel Casino Royale .
Stuart Neilson is a fictional character in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Martin Henderson as part of the original cast up until early 1995 .
Dhrishtadyumna ( Sanskrit : धृष्टद्युम्न , dhṛṣṭadyumna , lit . he who is courageous and splendorous ) , also known as Draupada ( Sanskrit : द्रौपद , lit . son of Drupada ) , was the son of Drupada and brother of Draupadi and Shikhandi in the epic Mahabharata .
The Eleven Kingdoms is a fictional collection of nations that serve as the primary setting of the Deryni novels of Katherine Kurtz .
Dominique Deveraux ( born Millie Cox ; formerly Lloyd ) is a fictional character on the American TV series Dynasty and its spin - off The Colbys .
Detective Axel Foley is a fictional character , portrayed by Eddie Murphy , and is the protagonist of the Beverly Hills Cop film series .
Katy Armstrong is a fictional character from the British television soap opera , Coronation Street , played by Georgia May Foote .
Nowzar ( Persian : نُوذَر‎ ) is a character in Shahnameh .
Evangeline Williamson is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera , One Life to Live .
Kenard is a fictional young drug dealer on the HBO drama series The Wire , portrayed by Thuliso Dingwall .
Stacey Sutton is a fictional character in the 1985 James Bond film A View to a Kill .
Michelle Dessler is a fictional character played by Reiko Aylesworth on the television series , 24 .
Dr. Zara Carmichael MBBS BSc MD FRCS ( born Alex Grey ) is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors , played by Elisabeth Dermot - Walsh .
David Brandner is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe ( Forbidden Love ) portrayed by actor Sven Koller from September 11 , 2008 to June 15 , 2010 .
Thomas `` Herc '' Hauk is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire played by actor Domenick Lombardozzi .
Livia Soprano ( née Pollio ) , played by Nancy Marchand , is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos .
Atikaya ( Tamil : Atikayan , Malay : Trikaya ) was the son of Ravana and his wife Danyamalini in the Ramayana epic .
Amanda Rollins is a fictional character on the NBC police procedural drama Law & Order : Special Victims Unit , portrayed by Kelli Giddish .
Rakhsh ( in Persian : رخش‎ meaning luminous ) is the stallion of protagonist Rostam in the Persian national epic , Shahnameh of Ferdowsi .
Annie Palmer is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Nadia Sawalha , from 5 May 1997 to 10 June 1999 .
Floss McPhee is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away played by actress Sheila Kennelly .
Marshall Eriksen is a fictional character on the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother , portrayed by Jason Segel .
Xue Baochai ( Chinese : 薛寶釵 ; Pinyin : Xuē Bǎochāi ; literally `` Precious Chai '' and her surname is a homophone with `` Snow '' ) is one of the principal characters in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber .
Kyle Broflovski ( sometimes spelled Broslovski , Broslofski , Brovlofski or Broflofski ) is a main character in the Comedy Central series South Park .
Samuel Sullivan , portrayed by Robert Knepper , is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes , being the primary antagonist of Volume 5 :
Low Country Blues is eleventh studio album by Gregg Allman , released through Rounder Records on January 18 , 2011 .
`` You Keep Me Hangin ' On '' was originally recorded by The Supremes for the Motown label .
Airtight 's Revenge is the second studio album by American recording artist Bilal , released September 6 , 2010 , on independent record label Plug Research .
Love Somebody Today is a 1980 album by American R&B / Soul group Sister Sledge released May 16 , 1980 on Cotillion Records .
The Cookbook is the sixth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott , released by The Goldmind Inc. and Atlantic Records on July 5 , 2005 , in the United States .
Twilight of Shadows ( Arabic : غروب الظلال‎ , Ghouroub Edhilal ) is a 2014 Algerian drama film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar - Hamina .
Dredd is a 2012 science fiction action film directed by Pete Travis and written and produced by Alex Garland .
Noce Blanche ( English : White Wedding ) is a French drama film released in 1989 , directed and written by Jean - Claude Brisseau , starring Bruno Cremer and Vanessa Paradis .
Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi ( Tamil : சின்ன தம்பி பெரிய தம்பி),(English : Younger Brother Elder Brother ) is a 1987 Tamil Romantic Comedy film directed by Manivannan .
Celtic Pride is a 1996 American comedy written by Judd Apatow and Colin Quinn , and directed by Tom DeCerchio .
Deep Red ( original title Profondo Rosso ; also known as The Hatchet Murders ) is a 1975 Italian giallo film , directed by Dario Argento and co - written by Argento and Bernardino Zapponi .
Naan Avanillai 2 ( English : I am Not Him ) is a 2009 Tamil romantic mystery film directed by Selva .
Hajji Washington ( Persian : حاجی واشنگتن‎‎ ) is an Iranian comedy / drama film directed by Ali Hatami .
Hands Up or I 'll Shoot ( German : Hände hoch oder ich schieße ) is an East German crime comedy film directed by Hans - Joachim Kasprzik , who wrote the script along with Rudi Strahl .
Napoli piange e ride ( i. e. `` Naples cries and laughs '' ) is a 1954 Italian musical comedy film written and directed by Flavio Calzavara and starring Luciano Tajoli and Jula De Palma .
Hangmen Also Die ! is a 1943 noir war film directed by the Austrian director Fritz Lang and written by John Wexley from a story by Bertolt Brecht ( credited as Bert Brecht ) and Lang .
Eddie Presley is a 1992 dramedy film directed by Jeff Burr and featuring Duane Whitaker in the title role .
Yankee Speed is a 1924 silent film western directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring Kenneth MacDonald .
The Shape of Things is a 2001 play by American author and film director Neil LaBute and a 2003 American romantic drama film .
Dinner for One , also known as The 90th Birthday ( German : Der 90 . Geburtstag ) , is a two - hander comedy sketch written by British author Lauri Wylie for the theatre .
It Happened Tomorrow is a 1944 American fantasy film directed by René Clair , starring Dick Powell , Linda Darnell and Jack Oakie , and featuring Edgar Kennedy and John Philliber .
Maradona by Kusturica is a documentary on the life of Argentine footballer Diego Maradona , directed by the award - winning Serbian filmmaker Emir Kusturica .
Dawn of the World is a feature film written and directed by the Iraqi - French film director Abbas Fahdel .
Superhero Movie is a 2008 American comedy spoof film written and directed by Craig Mazin , produced by David Zucker and Robert K. Weiss , and starring Drake Bell , Sara Paxton , Christopher McDonald , and Leslie Nielsen .
Guardians of the Clouds ( Italian : Guardiani delle nuvole ) is a 2004 Italian drama film written and directed by Luciano Odorisio and starring Alessandro Gassmann , Franco Nero and Anna Galiena .
Tomorrow We Move ( French : Demain on déménage ) is a 2004 French - Belgian comedy film directed by Chantal Akerman .
The Mummy 's Shroud is a 1967 British DeLuxe colour horror film made by Hammer Film Productions which was directed by John Gilling .
Michael Jackson 's Ghosts is a 1996 short film starring Michael Jackson , co - written by horror novelist Stephen King and directed by film director and special effects guru Stan Winston which could also be classified as a long - form music video .
The Great Dictator is a 1940 American political satire comedy - drama film written , directed , produced , scored by and starring Charlie Chaplin , following the tradition of many of his other films .
Tsili is a 2014 drama film directed by Amos Gitai and based on the novel of the same name by Aharon Appelfeld .
Moi , un noir ( literally Me , a Black , translated as I , a Negro ) is a 1958 French ethnofiction film directed by Jean Rouch .
The Widow of Saint - Pierre ( French : La veuve de Saint - Pierre ) is a 2000 film by Patrice Leconte with Juliette Binoche , Daniel Auteuil and Emir Kusturica .
Last Pair Out ( Swedish : Sista paret ut ) , is a 1956 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg and written by Ingmar Bergman .
The 40-Year - Old Virgin is a 2005 American comedy film written , produced and directed by Judd Apatow , about a middle - aged man 's journey to finally have sex .
The Stendhal Syndrome ( Ital . La Sindrome di Stendhal ) is a 1996 Italian horror film written and directed by Dario Argento and starring his daughter Asia Argento .
Escape from L.A. ( also known as John Carpenter 's Escape From L.A. ) is a 1996 American science fiction action film co - written , co - scored , and directed by John Carpenter , co - written and produced by Debra Hill and Kurt Russell , with Russell also starring as Snake Plissken .
Dreiviertelmond ( `` Three Quarters Moon '' ) is a 2011 film based on an idea from Christian Zübert 's wife İpek .
Recep İvedik 3 is a 2010 Turkish comedy film , directed by Togan Gökbakar , which stars Şahan Gökbakar as an oafish character who is attempting to combat depression following the death of his grandmother .
Hustler White is a 1996 film by Bruce LaBruce and Rick Castro , a satirical black sex comedy about gay hustlers and their customers on Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood , California .
Iligos or Ilingos ( Greek : Ίλιγγος ) is a 1963 Greek black and white drama film directed and written by Giannis Dalianidis .
Captain Phantom ( Italian : Capitan Fantasma ) is a 1953 Italian adventure film directed by Primo Zeglio .
Terrorama ! ( 2001 ) is the first feature film of Dutch director Edwin Brienen .
20 Million Miles to Earth is a 1957 American black - and - white science fiction giant monster film written by Bob Williams and Christopher Knopf from an original treatment by Charlotte Knight .
Rififi ( French : Du rififi chez les hommesa ) is a 1955 French crime film adaptation of Auguste Le Breton 's novel of the same name .
Le Boucher ( English : The Butcher ) is a 1970 French thriller film written and directed by Claude Chabrol .
The Perfect Man is a 2005 romantic comedy film directed by Mark Rosman and written by Gina Wendkos .
The Red and the White ( Hungarian : Csillagosok , katonák ) is a 1967 film directed by Miklós Jancsó and dealing with the Russian Civil War .
Rhino Season ( Kurdish : وەرزی کەرگەدەن‎ ، Persian : فصل کرگدن‎‎ ; Fasle Kargadan ) is a 2012 Iranian movie by Mij Film largely filmed in Turkey and directed by Bahman Ghobadi .
L'Herbier revived a scenario which he had written under the title La Femme de glace ; when Leblanc declared this to be too abstract for her liking and for American taste , he enlisted Pierre Mac Orlan to revise it according to Leblanc 's suggestions , and in its new form it became L'Inhumaine .
Todo modo is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Elio Petri .
Door to Silence ( Italian : Le porte del silenzio ) , also known as Door Into Silence , is a 1991 Italian horror film written and directed by Lucio Fulci and produced by Joe D'Amato .
My Father and My Son ( Turkish : Babam ve Oğlum ) is a 2005 Turkish drama film written and directed by Çağan Irmak about a family torn apart by the 1980 Turkish coup d'état .
The Thursday ( Italian : Il giovedì ) is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi .
So Sweet , So Dead ( Italian : Rivelazioni di un maniaco sessuale al capo della squadra mobile , also known as The Slasher is the Sex Maniac and Penetration ) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero .
Schultze Gets the Blues is a 2003 film , the first directed and written by Michael Schorr .
The Knights of the Quest ( Italian : `` I Cavalieri che fecero l'impresa '' ) is a 2001 Italian film directed by Pupi Avati starring Edward Furlong , Raoul Bova and Thomas Kretschmann .
The Texas Chain Saw Massacre is a 1974 American slasher film , directed and produced by Tobe Hooper , who cowrote it with Kim Henkel .
Mozzarella Stories is a 2011 Italian neo noir - comedy film written and directed by Edoardo De Angelis .
Massacre at Central High is a 1976 horror - thriller film directed by Dutch director Rene Daalder , a protégé of Russ Meyer .
The Bluejackets ( Dutch : De jantjes ) is a 1922 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger .
Godzilla , King of the Monsters ! is a 1956 Japanese American science fiction kaiju film co - directed by Terry O. Morse and Ishirō Honda .
Kisses and Hugs ( Italian : Baci e abbracci ) is a 1999 Italian comedy film written and directed by Paolo Virzì .
In the City of Sylvia ( Spanish : En la Ciudad de Sylvia ) is a 2007 film directed by José Luis Guerín .
Valerie and Her Week of Wonders ( Czech : Valerie a týden divů ) is a 1970 Czechoslovakian surrealist film directed by Jaromil Jireš and based on the 1932 novel of the same name by Vítězslav Nezval .
The Boat Is Full ( German : Das Boot ist voll ) is a 1981 German - language Swiss film directed by Markus Imhoof .
Mario , Maria and Mario ( Italian : Mario , Maria e Mario ) is a 1993 Italian drama film written and directed by Ettore Scola .
Raymie Muzquiz directed `` A Rugrats Chanukah '' from a script by J. David Stem and David N. Weiss .
The screenplay was written by John Gay based on the novel Arrow in the Sun by Theodore V. Olsen ( republished as Soldier Blue after the movie was released ) .
In the Land of Blood and Honey is a 2011 American romantic drama film written , produced , and directed by Angelina Jolie and starring Zana Marjanović , Goran Kostić , and Rade Šerbedžija .
Not One Less ( Chinese : 一个都不能少 ; pinyin : yíge dōu bùnéng shǎo ) is a 1999 drama film by Chinese director Zhang Yimou , adapted from Shi Xiangsheng 's 1997 story `` A Sun in the Sky '' ( Chinese : 天上有个太阳 ; pinyin : tiān shàng yǒu ge tàiyáng ) .
Vacanze a Ischia ( also known as Holiday Island ) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Camerini .
Eles não Usam Black - tie ( internationally released as They Do n't Wear Black - tie ) is a 1981 Brazilian drama film directed by Leon Hirszman , based on Gianfrancesco Guarnieri 's play of the same name .
Between Dover and Calais ( French : Entre Calais et Douvres ) , also known as Between Calais and Dover , is an 1897 short silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Meet Bill ( formerly known as Bill ) is a 2007 comedy film written and directed by Bernie Goldmann and Melisa Wallack and starring Aaron Eckhart as the titular character , with supporting performances by Logan Lerman , Jessica Alba , Elizabeth Banks , and Timothy Olyphant .
Blue Movie ( stylized as blue movie ; aka Fuck ) is a 1969 American film directed , produced , written and cinematographed by American producer Andy Warhol .
Brotherhood of the Wolf ( French : Le Pacte des loups ) is a 2001 French historical horror - action film directed by Christophe Gans , written by Gans and Stéphane Cabel , starring Samuel Le Bihan , Mark Dacascos , Emilie Dequenne , Monica Bellucci , and Vincent Cassel .
I 'll Do Anything is a 1994 American dramedy film written and directed by James L. Brooks .
Course Completed ( Spanish : Asignatura aprobada ) is a 1987 Spanish drama film written , produced and directed by José Luis Garci .
The Pool Hustlers ( Italian : Io , Chiara e lo Scuro , `` I , Chiara and lo Scuro '' ) is a 1982 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Maurizio Ponzi .
Sins of Rome ( Italian : Spartaco , also known as Sins of Rome : Story of Spartacus , Spartacus and Spartacus the Gladiator ) is a 1953 Italian epic historical drama film directed by Riccardo Freda and loosely based on the life story of Spartacus .
The White Space ( Italian : Lo spazio bianco ) is a 2009 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Comencini .
Geliebte Clara ( `` Beloved Clara '' ) is a Franco - German - Hungarian 2008 film , directed by Helma Sanders - Brahms , her last film before her 2014 death , about the pianist Clara Schumann and her marriage with the composer Robert Schumann .
Ręce do góry ( known in its subitled English version as Hands Up ! ) is a Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski .
Fallen Art ( Polish Sztuka spadania , lit . The Art of Falling ) is a six - minute , animated short film written and directed by Tomasz Bagiński .
Summer with Monika ( Swedish : Sommaren med Monika ) is a 1953 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman .
Young Törless ( German : Der junge Törless ) is a 1966 German film directed by Volker Schlöndorff , adapted from the autobiographical novel The Confusions of Young Törless by Robert Musil .
The Attack of the Giant Moussaka ( French : L'Attaque de la moussaka géante ; Greek : Η Επίθεση του Γιγαντιαίου Μουσακά ; 1999 ) , is a Greek science fiction parody film , produced , written and directed by Panos H. Koutras .
Harry and Tonto is a 1974 road movie written by Paul Mazursky and Josh Greenfeld and directed by Mazursky .
RoboCop 3 is a 1993 American cyberpunk action film directed by Fred Dekker and written by Frank Miller and Dekker .
Occhio , malocchio , prezzemolo e finocchio ( Italian for `` Eye , evil eye , parsley and fennel '' , also known as Evil Eye ) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Martino .
Dead Men Do n't Wear Plaid is a 1982 comedy - mystery film directed by Carl Reiner .
The Ghost Comes Home is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and written by Richard Maibaum and Harry Ruskin .
A Walk in the Spring Rain ( 1970 ) is a romantic drama Eastmancolor film made by Columbia Pictures , directed by Guy Green and produced by Stirling Silliphant , from his own screenplay based on the novel by Rachel Maddux .
Annabella 's Adventure or The Adventure of Annabella ( Italian : L'avventura di Annabella ) is a 1943 Italian comedy film directed by Leo Menardi and starring Fioretta Dolfi , Maurizio D'Ancora and Paola Borboni .
Kill the Umpire is a 1950 baseball comedy film starring William Bendix and Una Merkel , directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Frank Tashlin .
The Spy in Black ( US : U - Boat 29 ) is a 1939 British film , and the first collaboration between the British filmmakers Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger .
Zero Hour ! is a 1957 drama film directed by Hall Bartlett from a screenplay by Arthur Hailey , Hall Bartlett and John Champion .
Le deportate della sezione speciale SS ( internationally released as Deported Women of the SS Special Section , SS Special Section Women and Deported Women ) is a 1976 erotic - drama film directed by Rino Di Silvestro .
Kiss Me First ( Italian : Prima dammi un bacio ) is a 2003 Italian comedy film directed by Ambrogio Lo Giudice .
Mr. Naive ( Persian : Aghaye hallou‎‎ , also released as Mr. Gullible ) is a 1971 Iranian drama film directed by Dariush Mehrjui .
Les Visiteurs ( French pronunciation : ​(le vizitœʁ ) ; English : The Visitors ) is a French fantasy comedy film directed by Jean - Marie Poiré and released in 1993 .
Jack and Sarah is a 1995 British romantic comedy film written and directed by Tim Sullivan and starring Richard E. Grant , Samantha Mathis , Judi Dench , Eileen Atkins , Cherie Lunghi and Ian McKellen .
Seduced and Abandoned ( Italian : Sedotta e abbandonata ) is an 1964 Italian film directed by Pietro Germi .
Mario 's War ( Italian : La guerra di Mario ) is a 2005 Italian drama film directed by Antonio Capuano .
Prisoner of Rio is a 1988 drama film directed by Lech Majewski and starring Steven Berkoff , Paul Freeman and Peter Firth .
Little Red Flowers ( Chinese : 看上去很美 ; pinyin : Kàn shàng qù hén měi ) is a 2006 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yuan .
Oz the Great and Powerful is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film directed by Sam Raimi , from a screenplay written by David Lindsay - Abaire and Mitchell Kapner with music by Danny Elfman .
Bajrangi Bhaijaan ( English translation : Brother Bajrangi ) is a 2015 Indian comedy - drama film directed by Kabir Khan .
Sounds of Sand ( original title Si le vent soulève les sables , literally `` If the Wind Raises the Sands '' ) is a drama film directed by Marion Hänsel about a family in the Horn of Africa making a trek to find sufficient water during a drought .
L'insegnante al mare con tutta la classe ( The teacher at the beach with the whole class ) is a 1980 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini .
Nimirndhu Nil ( English : Stand upright ) is a 2014 Tamil action film written and directed by Samuthirakani featuring Jayam Ravi and Amala Paul in the lead roles .
Spione ( ˈʃpi̯oːnə ) ( English title : Spies , under which title it was released in the United States ) is a German silent espionage thriller written and directed by Fritz Lang in 1928 .
Transporter 2 ( French : Le Transporteur 2 ) is a 2005 French action thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier and produced by Luc Besson .
Meghe Dhaka Tara ( Bengali : মেঘে ঢাকা তারা Mēghē Ḍhākā Tārā , meaning The Cloud - Capped Star ) is a 1960 film written and directed by Ritwik Ghatak , based on a social novel by Shaktipada Rajguru with the same title .
Attahasam ( English : Defiance ) is a 2004 Tamil action masala film written and directed by Saran featuring Ajith Kumar in dual lead roles with Pooja playing the female lead .
1001 Grams ( Norwegian : 1001 Gram ) is a 2014 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Bent Hamer .
The African Woman ( German : Die Rückkehr , Italian : L'africana , also known as The Woman from Africa ) is a 1990 German - Italian - French romance - drama film directed by Margarethe von Trotta .
Meschugge ( English title - The Giraffe ) is a 1998 German thriller film directed by Dani Levy and set during World War II . The German title roughly translates as `` crazy '' .
Dead Silence is a 2007 supernatural psychological horror film directed by James Wan and written by Leigh Whannell , the creators of Saw .
In the Park is Charlie Chaplin 's fourth film released in 1915 by Essanay Films .
Le Samouraï ( French pronunciation : ​(lə samuʁaj ) ; The Samurai , Italian : ' ' Frank Costello faccia d'angelo '' ) is a 1967 French - Italian crime film directed by French filmmaker Jean - Pierre Melville , starring Alain Delon as Jef Costello .
Sleeping Fires was a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Hugh Ford , and starring Pauline Frederick .
Crac is a 1981 animated short film produced , written and directed by Frédéric Back .
And Hope to Die ( French : La course du lièvre à travers les champs , Italian : La corsa della lepre attraverso i campi ) is a 1972 French - Italian thriller - drama film directed by René Clément and starring Jean - Louis Trintignant and Robert Ryan .
The Conviction ( Italian : La condanna ) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio .
Angels & Insects is a 1995 romance drama film directed by Philip Haas .
Act of Violence is a 1948 American film noir directed by Fred Zinnemann and adapted for the screen by Robert L. Richards from a story by Collier Young , featuring performances by Van Heflin , Robert Ryan , and Janet Leigh .
Le coppie ( internationally released as Man and Wife and The Couples ) is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli , Alberto Sordi and Vittorio De Sica .
Point of Impact revolves around a former Vietnam War sniper named Bob Lee Swagger or Bob ' the Nailer ' .
Trials of Death is the fifth book in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan ( his real name , Darren O'Shaughnessy ) .
Initiate 's Trial is volume nine of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts .
The Daleks ' Master Plan is the mostly missing third serial of the third season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which originally aired in twelve weekly parts from 13 November 1965 to 29 January 1966 .
`` Farm Strong '' is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom Modern Family , and the series ' 100th overall .
`` My First Day '' is the pilot episode of the American comedy - drama Scrubs .
Ashes of Victory is the ninth Honor Harrington novel by David Weber .
Follow the Saint is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris , featuring the criminal and crimefighter Simon Templar , alias The Saint .
The Saint and the Hapsburg Necklace is the title of a 1976 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar , alias `` The Saint '' .
`` That Darn Priest '' is the season finale of the eighth season of the American sitcom Two and a Half Men and the final appearance of Charlie Sheen as Charlie Harper .
Fury from the Deep is the completely missing sixth serial of the fifth season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which originally aired in six weekly parts from 16 March to 20 April 1968 .
`` Betty 's Baby Bump '' is the 16th episode in the second season , and the 39th episode overall , of the American dramedy series Ugly Betty , which aired May 8 , 2008 .
`` Introduction to Finality '' is the 22nd episode of the third season of the American television series Community and the third season finale .
Midnight Tides is the fifth volume of Canadian author Steven Erikson 's epic fantasy series , the Malazan Book of the Fallen .
`` Dwight Christmas '' is the ninth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office .
`` Scott 's Tots '' is the twelfth episode of the sixth season of the U.S. comedy series The Office and the show 's 112th episode overall .
Dancing Stage Max was modeled after Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 in America and Dance Dance Revolution Strike in Japan , containing the new Dance Master Mode and improved EyeToy support .
`` The Falcon and the D'ohman '' is the season premiere of the twenty - third season of the animated sitcom The Simpsons .
Woody Interruptus is the twelfth episode of Cheers 's ninth season .
`` Something , Something , Something , Dark Side '' is a direct - to - video special of the animated series Family Guy which later served as the 20th episode of the show 's eighth season and is part of the series ' Star Wars parody trilogy Laugh It Up , Fuzzball .
`` Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas '' is the 42nd episode of the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana , and features the Jonas Brothers as special guest stars .
`` He 's Bla - ack ! '' is the twentieth episode of the twelfth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy and the 230th episode overall .
`` As Darkness Falls '' is the sixth episode of the first season of the television series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
`` Mash Off '' is the sixth episode of the third season of the American musical television series Glee , and the fiftieth overall .
`` Valar Morghulis '' is the tenth and final episode of the second season of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones .
`` The Waters of Mars '' is the third episode of the 2008 - -10 specials of British science fiction television series Doctor Who , broadcast on BBC One on 15 November 2009 .
The Locked Room ( 1972 ) is a novel by Sjöwall and Wahlöö in their detective series revolving around Martin Beck and his team .
`` Something Borrowed , Someone Blue '' is the twenty - third and final episode in season 7 of the American sitcom Frasier .
Gray Lensman is the fourth ( originally the second ) book in the classic Lensman series and the second to focus on the adventures of Lensman extraordinaire Kimball Kinnison .
`` The Smile Behind the Veil '' is the final episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk ( Deceased ) , starring Mike Pratt , Kenneth Cope , and Annette Andre .
`` Something Nice Back Home '' is the tenth episode of the American Broadcasting Company 's fourth season of the serial drama television series Lost and 82nd episode overall .
Fine Feathered Friend is a 1942 one - reel animated cartoon and is the 8th Tom and Jerry short released by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
`` Did n't We Almost Have It All ? '' is the third season finale and the 61st overall episode from the medical drama series , Grey 's Anatomy .
`` When the Spirit Moves You '' is the sixteenth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk ( Deceased ) starring Mike Pratt , Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre .
Final Impact is the third volume of John Birmingham 's Axis of Time trilogy .
The Way Some People Die is a detective mystery written in 1951 by Ross Macdonald , the third book featuring his private eye , Lew Archer .
`` Suddenly Human '' is 78th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , the fourth episode of the fourth season .
`` The Germans '' is the sixth episode of the BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers .
The Renault 14 is a compact car produced by the French manufacturer Renault between 1976 and 1983 .
The Spine of the World is the second book in R. A. Salvatore 's book series , Paths of Darkness .
Colour Scheme is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh ; it is the twelfth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn , and was first published in 1943 .
`` Fraudcast News '' is the 22nd and last episode of The Simpsons ' fifteenth season , first aired on May 23 , 2004 in the United States on the FOX network .
`` Sunday in the Park with Jorge '' is the 240th episode of NBC 's legal drama Law & Order , and the 11th episode of the 11th season .
Vittorio the Vampire ( 1999 ) is the second novel in Anne Rice 's New Tales of the Vampires series .
`` Grampa vs. Sexual Inadequacy '' is the tenth television episode of The Simpsons ' sixth season .
`` Mars , Bars '' is the fourteenth episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars , and the fifty - eighth episode overall .
The Even Chance is the first of eight Hornblower television adaptations relating the exploits of Horatio Hornblower , the protagonist in a series of novels and short stories by C.S. Forester .
`` Enter Batgirl , Exit Penguin '' , is the first episode of Season 3 of the Batman television series ' , first aired on ABC September 14 , 1967 as its ninety - fifth episode .
Ketuvim ( /kətuːˈviːm , kəˈtuːvɪm/ ; Biblical Hebrew : כְּתוּבִים Kəṯûḇîm , `` writings '' ) is the third and final section of the Tanakh ( Hebrew Bible ) , after Torah ( instruction ) and Nevi'im ( prophets ) .
Ten Little Wizards is a novel by Michael Kurland featuring Randall Garrett 's alternate history detective Lord Darcy .
Crescent Dawn is a Dirk Pitt novel , the twenty - first of that series .
`` Cold Wars '' is the seventeenth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and fifty - first episode overall .
`` The End of the Aisle '' is the twenty - second episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother , and the 206th episode overall .
NBA Live 98 is a basketball video game based on the National Basketball Association and the fourth installment of the NBA Live series .
The Raw and the Cooked ( 1964 ) is the first volume from Mythologiques , a structural study of Amerindian mythology written by French anthropologist Claude Lévi - Strauss .
The Mad Woman in the Attic is the pilot episode of Cracker , divided into two parts .
`` A Milhouse Divided '' is the sixth episode of The Simpsons eighth season , first aired by the Fox network on December 1 , 1996 .
`` 30 Days Without an Accident '' is the premiere episode of the fourth season of the post - apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead , which aired on AMC on October 13 , 2013 .
`` Strangers on the Shore ... ! '' is an episode of the BBC sitcom Only Fools and Horses , first screened on 25 December 2002 as the second part of the early 2000s Christmas trilogy , the seventeenth Christmas special and the 63rd episode of the series .
`` Amber 31422 '' is the fifth episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe .
`` Boopa - dee Bappa - dee '' is the fifth episode of the twelfth season and the 215th overall episode of the animated comedy series Family Guy .
`` Dragon 's Domain '' is the twenty - third episode of the first series of Space : 1999 .
`` Desperation Day '' is the 16th episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 128th episode overall .
Smarty Cat is the 95th one reel animated Tom and Jerry short , created in 1955 , and released on October 14 , 1955 by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
`` Let Bartlet Be Bartlet '' is the 19th episode of The West Wing and first appeared on television in April 2000 .
`` That 's So Suite Life of Hannah Montana '' is a crossover episode of the Disney Channel sitcoms That 's So Raven , The Suite Life of Zack & Cody , and Hannah Montana .
`` Run ! '' is the fifteenth episode of the first season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes .
Sorry Safari is a Tom and Jerry animated short film , released on October 12 , 1962 .
`` Ties of Blood and Water '' is an episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the nineteenth episode of the fifth season .
Crack'd Pot Trail is the fourth novella by Canadian author Steven Erikson in his Malazan Book of the Fallen series .
`` The Road to Hamelin '' is the thirty - eighth episode of the American television drama series The Killing , which aired on August 4 , 2013 , as the second of a two - part season finale .
`` The Adventure of the Creeping Man '' ( 1923 ) is one of 12 Sherlock Holmes short stories ( 56 total ) by Arthur Conan Doyle in The Case - Book of Sherlock Holmes first published in Strand Magazine October 1921 - April 1927 .
The Final Reflection is a 1984 Star Trek tie - in novel by John M. Ford which emphasizes developments of Klingon language and culture .
`` Assassins Inc. '' is the second episode of season one of the BBC technological thriller , Bugs .
A Day in Beaumont is the first segment of the twenty - fourth episode of the first season ( 1985 - -86 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
By the Light of the Study Lamp is the first book in The Dana Girls detective series , originally produced by the Stratemeyer Syndicate .
SC Energija is a Lithuanian ice hockey team that plays in the Lithuanian Hockey League .
Trained as a lawyer , Carmelo Camet gained his training and love for fencing at an early age from his father .
The 2010 Claxton Shield was the 57th Claxton Shield tournament , the premier baseball competition in Australia , and was held from 6 November 2009 to 7 February 2010 .
The 1998 Japan Open Tennis Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo in Japan that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1998 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 1998 WTA Tour .
NHL Hockey ( titled EA Hockey outside North America ) is an ice hockey game by EA Sports .
The ACW Hardcore Championship was the top professional wrestling hardcore championship title in the American independent promotion Assault Championship Wrestling .
The Brazilian Judo Confederation ( Portuguese : Confederação Brasileira de Judô ( CBJ ) ) is the national body responsible for managing and promoting the sport of judo in Brazil , founded on 18 March 1969 and headquartered in Rio de Janeiro .
Hank Pfister ( born October 9 , 1953 in Bakersfield , California ) is a former tennis player from the United States , who won two singles titles ( 1981 , Maui and 1982 , Newport ) during his professional career .
Anthony Horgan ( born 15 November 1976 , in Cork , Ireland ) is a former Irish rugby union player , who played for Cork Constitution , Munster and Ireland .
The Premier League Golden Glove is an annual association football award presented to the goalkeeper who has kept the most clean sheets ( when a goalkeeper concedes no goals during a single match ) in the Premier League .
Daniela Dodean ( born January 13 , 1988 in Arad ) , is a Romanian professional table tennis player and European champion .
Sporting Clube de Goa , also known as SCG , is an association football club based in the Indian state of Goa who currently participate in the I - League which is India 's premier league competition in the country .
Šarūnas Vasiliauskas ( born 27 March 1989 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player , currently playing for Vytautas Prienai - Birštonas of the Lithuanian Basketball League .
The one - over eliminator was introduced into One Day International cricket at the 2011 Cricket World Cup knockout stage where a game ending in a tie would be decided via a one - over eliminator .
The 2010 Bank Austria - TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament to be played on indoor hard courts .
Jürgen Fassbender ( German : Faßbender , born 28 May 1948 ) is a retired professional tennis player for West Germany .
Anthony Gaitor ( born October 9 , 1988 ) is an American football cornerback who 's currently a free agent .
The 2013 Košice Open is a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts .
The Ameritech Cup ( known also as the Virginia Slims of Chicago and the Avon Championships of Chicago ) is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament held every year from 1971 until 1997 in Chicago , Illinois in the United States .
The 2009 Tajik League was the 18th season of Tajik League , the Tajikistan Football Federation 's top division of association football .
The 1872 Victorian football season was an Australian rules football competition played during the winter of 1872 .
Kasparov versus the World was a game of chess played in 1999 over the Internet .
Miao Miao ( Chinese : 苗苗 ; pinyin : Miáo Miao ) ( born 14 January 1981 , Tianjin , China ) is an Australian table tennis player who represented Australia at the Sydney , Athens , Beijing and London Olympic Games .
Noel Pidding ( 1927 -- 17 August 2013 ) was an Australian rugby league player .
Fuat Usta ( born 3 July 1972 ) is an association football coach and former professional player .
Warren Norman ( born December 30 , 1990 ) was an American football player for the Vanderbilt Commodores .
The China Fed Cup team represents China in Fed Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Chinese Tennis Association .
Vladimirs Mamonovs ( born April 22 , 1980 in Riga , Latvian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Latvian professional ice hockey player .
Gediminas Orelik ( Lithuanian : Gediminas Orelikas ) ( born 14 May 1990 in Šiauliai ) is a professional Lithuanian basketball player for Lietuvos Rytas of the Lithuanian Basketball League ( LKL ) .
The 2008 NBA Europe Live Tour was a basketball exhibition tour featuring teams from the NBA , as a part of the NBA Global Games .
Kim Han - sung ( Korean : 김한성 born November 19 , 1981 in Seoul ) is a Korean professional ice hockey winger .
Jamie Fritsch ( born February 25 , 1985 ) is an American professional ice hockey defensemen who currently plays for Braehead Clan , Scotland of the Elite Ice Hockey League ( EIHL ) .
The 2011 FFSA Premier League is the sixth edition of the FFSA Premier League as the second level domestic association football competition in South Australia .
The Ethiopian Premier League is the top association football division in Ethiopia .
Chen Meng ( Chinese : 陈梦 ; born 15 January 1994 ) is a Chinese table tennis player .
Povilas Tautvaišas ( English : Paul Tautvaisas / Tautvaisis ) ( born 6 May 1916 , Mogilev -- died November 1980 , Chicago ) was a Lithuanian - American chess master .
A. J. Graves ( born August 15 , 1985 ) is an American basketball player who played college basketball with the Butler University Bulldogs .
Dragutin Šurbek ( born August 8 , 1946 in Zagreb , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former table tennis player from Croatia , and is one of the most successful Croatian table tennis players ever .
The WWC Caribbean Heavyweight Championship is a secondary title contested for in the Puerto Rican professional wrestling promotion , the World Wrestling Council ( WWC ) .
The Honda Classic is a PGA Tour golf tournament that is played each spring in Florida .
Djibril Kante ( born April 12 , 1980 ) is an American basketball player who played professionally in Australia 's National Basketball League ( NBL ) , the Argentine National Basketball League , the Chilean Liga Nacional Movistar , Uruguay 's Liga Uruguaya de Basketball and last played for LaSalle - UPB Cochabamba in Bolivia 's Libobasquet .
Allen Rae ( born December 26 , 1932 in Weyburn , Saskatchewan , Canada ) is a retired Canadian basketball referee .
Georgy Lisitsin ( Russian : Георгий Лисицын ; 11 October 1909 -- 20 March 1972 ) was a Russian chess master .
The International Wheelchair Basketball Federation ( IWBF ) is the international governing body for the sport of wheelchair basketball .
There are several figures linked to boxing in his family , including his late father Miguel Cotto Sr . , his brother José Miguel Cotto , his second cousin Abner Cotto , and his uncle and former boxing trainer Evangelista Cotto .
The Ghanaian FA Cup , currently known as the MTN FA Cup for sponsorship purposes , is the top knockout tournament of the Ghanaian association football .
Damien Éloi ( born 4 July 1969 in Vire , Calvados ) is a French table tennis player .
Elliott Whitehead ( also spelled as Elliot , born 4 September 1989 ) is a rugby league player who currently plays for Canberra Raiders in the National Rugby League and at international level for England .
Mike Posma ( born December 16 , 1967 in Medford , New Jersey ) is an American former professional ice hockey player and former head coach .
Astana Pro Team ( UCI team code : AST ) is a professional road bicycle racing team sponsored by the Samruk - Kazyna , a coalition of state - owned companies from Kazakhstan and named after its capital city Astana .
Armen Gyulbudaghyants ( Armenian : Արմեն Գյուլբուդաղյանց ) , is an Armenian association football manager and former footballer .
Charlton Young ( born August 15 , 1971 in Miami , Florida ) is an American college basketball assistant coach at Florida State and the former head coach of the Georgia Southern University Eagles men 's basketball team , located in Statesboro , Georgia .
The Boston Marathon is an annual marathon hosted by several cities in greater Boston in eastern Massachusetts , United States .
The Scottish Professional Football League ( SPFL ) is the national men 's association football league in Scotland .
The 2007 Medibank International is the 2007 tournament ( 115th edition ) of the annually - held Medibank International tennis tournament .
The Yukon Quest 1,000-mile International Sled Dog Race , or simply Yukon Quest , is a sled dog race run every February between Fairbanks , Alaska , and Whitehorse , Yukon .
Duško Pavasovič ( also spelt Pavasović and Pavasovic ; born October 15 , 1976 ) is a Slovenian chess grandmaster .
The 2000 National Invitation Tournament was the year 2000 's staging of the annual National Invitation Tournament , an NCAA college basketball competition .
The IWRG Junior de Juniors Championship is a professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican Lucha Libre wrestling based promotion since February 2011 .
Aaron Keller ( アーロン・キャラー ) ( born March 1 , 1975 ) is a Canadian born professional ice hockey Defenceman , currently playing for the Oji Eagles of the Asia League .
The Milwaukee Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour , played between 1955 and 1961 .
Terry Pendleton started his baseball career as an Eastside Little League player , then moved on to play second baseman at Channel Islands High , then moved To Oxnard community college from 1979/80 .
The 2009 Bauer Watertechnology Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts .
Dauphines Charleroi is a Belgian women 's volleyball club from Charleroi .
The Iraqi Division I Basketball League is the highest professional basketball league in Iraq .
Rugby Lyons Piacenza are an Italian rugby union club currently competing in Serie A. They are based in Piacenza in Emilia Romagna .
Liron Zarko ( Hebrew : לירון זרקו‎ ; born 23 January 1981 ) is an Israeli professional association football player .
The Beast Quake was an American football play that took place during a 2011 NFL wild card playoff game between the Seattle Seahawks and the visiting New Orleans Saints , then the defending Super Bowl champions .
The 2008 Grand Slam of Darts was the second staging of the darts tournament , the Grand Slam of Darts organised by the Professional Darts Corporation .
Zarina Diyas ( Kazakh : Зарина Диас ; born 18 October 1993 ) is a Kazakhstani tennis player .
Clube de Regatas Guará , commonly known as Guará , are a association football club from Guará , a satellite town just west of the Brazilian capital of Brasília .
Dietmar Hötger ( born June 8 , 1947 in Hoyerswerda ) is a German judo athlete , who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung ( SV ) Dynamo .
Trevor Lacey ( born October 13 , 1991 ) is an American professional basketball player for Consultinvest Pesaro of the Italian Serie A.
Alain Paco ( born 1 March 1952 in Béziers ) is a former French rugby union player and a current coach .
The UNIFFAC Clubs Cup is an international club association football competition run by the Central African Football Federations ' Union ( French : Union des Fédérations de Football d'Afrique Centrale ) known by its French acronym UNIFFAC , for clubs from Central African countries of Cameroon , Chad , Congo , DR Congo , Equatorial Guinea and Gabon .
The Brazilian Tennis Confederation ( Portuguese : Confederação Brasileira de Tênis or CBT ) is the governing body of tennis in Brazil .
Damien Borel ( born June 1 , 1993 ) is an American football defensive lineman for the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League .
The 2003 Africa Cup ( officially called at those time `` Africa Top Nive '' ) was the fourth edition of highest level rugby union tournament in Africa Nine teams were admitted , but Tunisa withdrawed .
Alan Nigel Donn ( born 2 March 1962 in Maidstone ) is an English former professional association football player .
Marios Batis ( alternate spelling : Mpatis ) ( Greek : Μάριος Μπατης ; born June 20 , 1980 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
The 1952 Yugoslav Second League season would be the 6th season of the Second Federal League ( Serbo - Croatian : Druga savezna liga ) , the second level association football competition of SFR Yugoslavia , since its establishment in 1946 .
Austin Speight is an association football coach and former player .
The Solheim Cup is a biennial golf tournament for professional women golfers contested by teams representing Europe and the United States .
The Greenvale Football Club is an Australian rules football club 23 km north - west of Melbourne in the suburb of Greenvale .
Cem Uluğnuyan ( born December 12 , 1989 ) is a Turkish taekwondo practitioner competing in the bantamweight division .
The Chinese Figure Skating Championships ( Chinese : 全国花样滑冰锦标赛 ) are the figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of China .
Rugby league nines ( or simply nines ) is a version of rugby league football played with nine players on each side .
Stephanie Rottier ( born 22 January 1974 ) is a former professional Dutch tennis player .
The 2011 Sunshine Tour is the 12th season of professional golf tournaments since the southern Africa based Sunshine Tour was relaunched in 2000 , and the 5th since the tour switched a calendar based season in 2007 .
Reuben Grice ( 1886 - -1967 ) was an English professional association football player who played as a winger .
Rimil Buriuly ( born 9 January 1991 ) is an Indian sportswoman who competes in archery .
Anders Bastiansen ( born October 31 , 1980 ) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Frisk Asker of the Norwegian GET - ligaen and is an established member and Captain of the Norwegian National Team .
The Polish Men 's Volleyball Cup is an annual competition for volleyball clubs of men 's volleyball in Poland .
Tore Meinecke ( born July 21 , 1967 , in Hamburg ) , is a former professional tennis player from West Germany .
The 1989 Nabisco Masters were tennis tournaments played on indoor carpet courts at Madison Square Garden in New York City , New York , United States and at the Royal Albert Hall in London in England .
The Allen County War Memorial Coliseum was originally designed to seat 8,103 for hockey or 10,240 for basketball .
The 2001 Africa Cup ( officially called at those time `` Africa Top Six '' ) was the second edition of highest level rugby union tournament in Africa Six teams participated ( South Africa with a Under-23 amateurs team ) .
Sandro Nicević ( born June 16 , 1976 in Pula , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian professional basketball player , currently playing for Orlandina Basket in the Italian Serie A.
The Lacny or Lacny cycle is a chess problem theme named after Ľudovít Lačný , the first person to demonstrate the idea in 1949 .
The 21st Grey Cup game was the Canadian football championship in 1933 .
The Super Basketball League ( simplified Chinese : 超级篮球联赛 ; traditional Chinese : 超級籃球聯賽 ; pinyin : Chāojí lánqiú liánsài ) , often abbreviated to the SBL , is the top - tier men 's semi - professional basketball league in Taiwan .
The 2004 Six Nations Championship was the fifth series of the rugby union Six Nations Championship to be held since the competition expanded in 2000 to include Italy .
Jovo Damjanović ( born 24 December 1996 ) is a Montenegrin - Qatari handball player for El Jaish and the Qatari national team .
Conrado Co is a former Filipino badminton and currently a ranking official working at the Philippine Badminton Association .
The Aeroflot Open is an annual open chess tournament played in Moscow and sponsored by the airline Aeroflot .
Wendell Alexis ( born July 31 , 1964 ) is a retired American basketball player who played for several European clubs between 1986 and 2004 , most notably for Alba Berlin , where he was voted MVP of the German Bundesliga three times during his 6-year stint .
The Oceania Cup is an international rugby union competition for countries and territories from Oceania with national teams in the developmental band .
The National Championship of Excellence is the highest tier of the national rugby union competition in Italy The first Italian championship took place in 1929 , contested by six of the sixteen teams that existed in Italy at that time .
The Masters Tournament , also known as The Masters or The US Masters , is one of the four major championships in professional golf .
Severin Lüthi ( born 5 January 1976 ) is a Swiss tennis coach and former player .
Alexander Savchenkov ( Russian : Александр Савченков ; born September 30 , 1973 in Moscow , USSR ) is a Russian ice hockey forward who is currently playing for Krylya Sovetov team in Russia .
The Torneo del Interior is an annual rugby union competition in Argentina .
Mickaël Toti ( born April 11 , 1987 in Ivry - sur - Seine , France ) is a French basketball player who played for French Pro A league clubs Reims , Clermont and Rouen from 2003 - 2009 .
Jan Snijders started with judo in 1954 .
The 2013 World Draughts Championship match at the international draughts was held May 12 - -18 , 2013 in Tallinn , Estonia International Draughts Federation FMJD between the actual World Champion Alexander Georgiev ( Russia ) and the challenger Alexander Schwartzman ( Russia ) .
Ivan Andreadis ( 3 April 1924- 27 October 1992 ) was a former Czechoslovak table tennis player .
The 2014 Inter - Provincial Championship is the second season of the Inter - Provincial Championship , the domestic three - day ( though not officially first - class ) cricket competition of Ireland .
Lilia Osterloh ( born April 7 , 1978 ) is a retired tennis player from the United States , who started a professional career in August 1997 .
Water polo at the World Aquatics Championships is an international water polo tournament held every two years as part of the FINA World Aquatics Championships .
The FedEx St. Jude Classic is a professional golf tournament in Memphis , Tennessee , a regular event on the PGA Tour .
The 2013 Web.com Tour was the 24th season of the top developmental tour for the U.S. PGA Tour in men 's golf , and the second under the current sponsored name of Web.com Tour .
The 2015 PBZ Zagreb Indoors was an ATP tennis tournament played on hard courts indoors .
Aristidis Akratopoulos ( Greek : Αριστείδης Ακρατόπουλος ) was a Greek tennis player .
László Polgár ( born 11 May 1946 in Gyöngyös ) , is a Hungarian chess teacher and educational psychologist .
The 1987 Masters ( also known as the 1987 Nabisco Masters for sponsorship reasons ) was a men 's tennis tournament held in Madison Square Garden , New York City , United States between 30 November and 4 December 1987 .
ESPN Baseball Tonight is a baseball video game for the PC , Super NES , Sega Genesis , and Sega CD .
Blacktown Baseball Stadium is a baseball facility located in Rooty Hill , a suburb in Sydney , Australia .
The Emerald Coast Barracudas were a women 's American football team in the Women 's Football Alliance .
Nîmes Olympique ( commonly referred to as simply Nîmes ) is a French association football club based in Nîmes .
TSV Buchholz 08 is a German association football club from the town of Buchholz in der Nordheide near Hamburg .
Izaak Towbin ( 1899 , Korets , Volhynia -- 1941 , Warsaw ) was a Polish chess master and organizer .
The Johnstown Jets were a professional ice hockey team from Johnstown , Pennsylvania .
NK Rudar 47 is a Croatian association football club founded in 1947 and based in the village of Donje Ladanje near Maruševec in Varaždin County .
Makoto Kawashima ( 川島 誠 ) , born May 2 , 1979 , is a Japanese professional ice hockey Defenceman playing for the Oji Eagles of the Asia League .
Roberto Chiacig ( born 1 December 1974 in Cividale del Friuli , Italy ) is an Italian professional basketball player for Gecom Mens Sana 1871 Siena of the Serie B Basket .
The 1999 IFAF World Championship was the inaugural IFAF World Championship , an international American football championship run by the International Federation of American Football ( IFAF ) .
Minke Smeets ( née Smabers ; born March 22 , 1979 in The Hague , South Holland ) is a field hockey midfielder from the Netherlands .
The Mohammad Nissar Trophy was an annual first class cricket competition which takes place in Feroz Shah Kotla , New Delhi , India from 15 to 18 September 2008 .
The 2014 European Track Championships ( under-23 & junior ) were the 14th continental championships for European under-23 and junior track cyclists , and the 5th since the event was renamed following the reorganisation of European track cycling in 2010 .
Carl Dwayne Norris ( born January 8 , 1970 in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador ) is a former professional ice hockey player .
The Cambridgeshire Cats are an American football team competing in Division 1 of the BAFA National Leagues ( BAFA NL ) , with their home games played at Coldhams Common in Cambridge .
Nigel Sears ( born 4 April 1957 ) is a British tennis coach , best known for coaching former top five players Amanda Coetzer , Daniela Hantuchová and Ana Ivanovic during his long career .
The Adriatic Water Polo League , commonly known as the Adriatic League , is a regional professional water polo league that originally featured clubs from Croatia , Montenegro and Slovenia .
Jarkko Immonen ( born April 19 , 1982 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the EV Zug of the National League A.
The 2015 Ladies European Tour is a series of golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world , which takes place from February through December 2015 .
John Van Kessel ( born December 19 , 1969 in Bridgewater , Nova Scotia ) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player .
FC Remscheid is a German association football club from Remscheid , North Rhine - Westphalia formed on 1 July 1990 out of the merger of BV Lüttringhausen and VfB Marathon Remscheid .
Billy Stead , born John William Stead , ( 18 September 1877 -- 21 July 1958 ) was a rugby union player born in Invercargill who played for New Zealand , the All Blacks , on their 1905 - -06 tour .
PFC Beroe Stara Zagora ( Bulgarian : ПФК Берое Стара Загора ) or simply Beroe ( Bulgarian : Берое ) is a Bulgarian association football club based in Stara Zagora , which currently competes in A Football Group , the top division of the Bulgarian football league system .
Dick Versace(Edwin ) ( born April 16 , 1940 ) is a former basketball coach and National Basketball Association executive .
Vicente Almirall Castell ( 27 February 1904 in Barcelona - ? ) was a Spanish chess player , coach and referee who reached the rank of National Master .
Jimmy Roy ( born September 22 , 1975 in Sioux Lookout , Ontario ) was a Canadian ice hockey player for the Manitoba Moose of the International Hockey League and American Hockey League from 1997 to 2006 .
FSV Hollenbach is a German association football club from district of Hollenbach in Mulfingen , Baden - Württemberg .
Artūras Andrulis ( Americanized his name as Adolfas Andrulis ; April 10 , 1922 -- July 3 , 1981 ) was a soldier and Lithuanian basketball player .
Sandwell Borough F.C. was an English association football club .
Brion Rush ( born November 15 , 1984 ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Sutjeska of the ABA League and the Montenegrin League .
The Māori All Blacks , previously called the New Zealand Māori , is a rugby union team from New Zealand .
Marko Jošilo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марко Јошило , born 16 October 1992 ) is a Serbian - Bosnian professional basketball player , currently playing as a forward for Metalac Farmakom of the Basketball League of Serbia .
Yanick Lehoux ( born April 8 , 1982 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent .
Jake White ( born 13 December 1963 as Jacob Westerduin ) is a rugby union coach and former coach of the South African national team -- the Springboks -- whom he coached to victory in 2007 Rugby World Cup and the 2004 Tri Nations .
The FIBA Europe Young Men 's Player of the Year Award is an annual award given by FIBA Europe , the European division of FIBA , the international governing body of the sport of basketball , to the best basketball player with European citizenship , aged 22 and under of the year .
Doctor John Colin Gregory ( 28 July 1903 -- 10 January 1959 ) was an amateur British tennis player , best remembered for winning the Australian Open in 1929 .
The Tunisian Super Cup is a Tunisian association football competition , which takes place in an annual match between the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 champion team and the winners of the Tunisian Cup .
The USSR Chess Federation ( Russian : Шахматная федерация СССР - Shakhmatnaya fyedyeratsiya SSSR ) was the national organism for chess in the USSR .
The 2010 Green Soccer Bowl was a proposed an association football tournament .
Northcote Cricket Club is an Australian cricket team competing in the Victorian Premier Cricket competition .
The 2013 WGC - Bridgestone Invitational was a professional golf tournament played August 1 - -4 on the South Course of Firestone Country Club in Akron , Ohio .
Pitch and putt is an amateur sport similar to golf but where the hole length is typically less than 70 metres ( 80 yd ) .
The 2010 European Youth Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held in Eindhoven and Veldhoven , Netherlands from July 20 to 24 , 2010 .
Elton Flatley ( born 7 May 1977 , Tamworth , New South Wales ) is a former Australian international rugby union footballer .
The 1999 Salem Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on Hard courts in Hong Kong that was part of the International Series of the 1999 ATP Tour .
The 2007 IRB Pacific Nations Cup was a rugby union competition held between six Pacific Rim sides ;
The Basketball League of Serbia ( Serbian : Кошаркашка лига Србије , Košarkaška liga Srbije ) , abbreviated as KLS , is the highest men 's professional club basketball competition in Serbia .
The Coppa del Mediterraneo was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Genoa , Italy , from 1990 to 1994 .
André Boniface ( born August 14 , 1934 in Montfort - en - Chalosse ) is a former international rugby union player for France .
Gruppo Sportivo Oratorio Villa Cortese is an Italian volleyball club based in Villa Cortese in the Province of Milan .
The Oklahoma City Lightning is a full - contact women 's American football team in the Women 's Spring Football League based in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
Slobodan Šljivančanin ( born May 1 , 1972 in Nikšić ) is a former basketball player .
The 1996 CA - TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna in Austria and was part of the Championship Series of the 1996 ATP Tour .
The FIBA World Rankings are FIBA 's rankings of national basketball teams .
Asian Fencing Championships is the fencing zonal championship organized by the Asian Fencing Confederation for the Asia - Oceania zone .
Semo Sititi ( born 6 March 1974 ) is a rugby union footballer in Samoa .
Royal Troon Golf Club is a links golf course located in Troon , South Ayrshire , Scotland .
The 2011 SA Tennis Open was a men 's tennis tournament to be played on hard courts indoors .
The Adelaide Bite are a professional baseball team who plays in the Australian Baseball League and is one of the six founding teams of the league .
The PGA Championship ( sometimes , especially outside of the United States , referred to as the U.S. PGA Championship or U.S. PGA ) is an annual golf tournament conducted by the Professional Golfers Association of America .
Uniprix Stadium ( French : Stade Uniprix ) is the main tennis court at the Canada Masters tournament in Montreal , Quebec .
Sander van Heeswijk is a Dutch field hockey player .
Henk Temmink ( 11 June 1952 , Elsloo , Limburg ) is a Dutch chess player .
Nikola Malešević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Малешевић , born 25 August 1989 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player , currently playing as a forward for Steaua București of the Romanian League .
The 1993 Open 13 was a tennis tournament played on carpet courts and held in Marseille , France .
Trideep Rai is an Indian professional basketball player .
Zsófia Gubacsi ( born 6 April 1981 ) is a former Hungarian professional tennis player .
The 2007 ATP Buenos Aires was a professional men 's tennis tournament that was played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Duncan Oughton ( born 14 June 1977 in Karori ) is a retired New Zealand association football player .
Brian O'Hanley ( born December 18 , 1984 ) is an American former professional ice hockey player who last played for the San Antonio Rampage in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
The 1995 Monte Carlo Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune - Cap - Martin , France , near Monte Carlo , Monaco .
Christelle Diallo ( born March 12 , 1993 in Issy - Les - Moulineaux , France ) is a French basketball player who plays for club Bourges basket of the League feminine de basket the top basketball league for women in France .
Michael Khodarkovsky ( Odessa , USSR , July 21 , 1958 ) is an American chess player , Chess Master and FIDE Senior Trainer .
Jennifer Derevjanik ( born on March 29 , 1982 in Staten Island , New York ) is an American professional basketball player .
Mark Dillard ( born December 5 , 1986 in Baton Rouge , Louisiana ) is a former American football safety .
The 1985 GWA Mazda Tennis Classic was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Brisbane in Australia and was part of the 1985 Nabisco Grand Prix .
Paul Gallen ( born 14 August 1981 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer and heavyweight boxer who currently captains the Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks of the National Rugby League as well as the New South Wales State of Origin team .
Champion Stadium is a 9,500 seat baseball stadium located at the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex in the Walt Disney World Resort .
Hu Weidong ( simplified Chinese : 胡卫东 ; traditional Chinese : 胡衛東 ; pinyin : Hú Wèidōng ; born January 3 , 1970 in Xuzhou , Jiangsu ) is a former Chinese basketball player , a 6'6 `` , 192 lb . guard .
Brigadier Richard Gustavus Hamilton - Russell ( 4 February 1909 -- 2 March 1999 ) was an Irish peer , soldier and polo player .
Chris Robshaw ( born 4 June 1986 ) is an English rugby union player .
Loann Goujon ( ( lo.an ɡu.ʒɔ̃ ) ; born 23 April 1989 ) is a French rugby union player .
Oscar De La Hoya vs. Shane Mosley , billed as `` Destiny '' , was a professional boxing match contested on June 17 , 2000 for the WBC , IBA ( both held by De La Hoya ) and the vacant lineal welterweight championships .
SpVgg Greuther Fürth ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡʁɔʏ̯tɐ ˈfʏʁt ) ) is a German association football club based in Fürth , Bavaria .
Ebi Ere ( pronounced Ebby Erah ; born August 2 , 1981 ) is an American - Nigerian professional basketball player who currently plays for Adelaide 36ers of the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
Adam Huxley ( born November 4 , 1983 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey enforcer .
Portuguese Handball Super Cup or `` Supertaça de Portugal de Andebol '' is a professional handball competition , played between the Champion of the Liga Portuguesa de Andebol and the winner of the Cup or against the finalist of the Cup if the same team win both competitions .
The 2006 Africa Cup was the seventh edition of highest level rugby union tournament in Africa .
Anthony Kimlin ( born 20 January 1990 ) is an Australian ice hockey player currently playing for the Whitby Dunlops in the Allan Cup Hockey league .
Ioannis Athinaiou ( alternate spellings : Giannis , Yiannis , Yannis , Athineou , Athinaioy ) ( Greek : Γιάννης Αθηναίου ; born May 27 , 1988 ) is a Greek professional basketball player for Olympiacos of the Greek Basket League .
Arvesta Kelly ( born November 20 , 1945 ) is an American retired basketball player .
The 1978 Pacific Southwest Open , also known under its sponsorship name 1978 ARCO Open , was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Pauley Pavilion in Los Angeles , California in the United States .
Uroš Kovačević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Урош Ковачевић ) ( born 6 May 1993 ) is a Serbian volleyball player , a member of Serbia men 's national volleyball team and Italian club Calzedonia Verona , European Champion 2011 .
FC Chita is a Russian association football club based in Chita that currently plays in the Russian Professional Football League .
The ITF Men 's Circuit is a series of professional tennis tournaments held around the world that are organized by the International Tennis Federation .
The 2001 Copa AT&T was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires in Argentina that was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour .
Beecroft Rugby Club is an amateur rugby union club which fields five Grade teams and two Colts teams in the Premier 1st Division of the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union .
The Golf Union of Wales ( Welsh : Undeb Golff Cymru ) ( GUW ) is the national governing body of amateur golf in Wales .
Helsinki Wolverines is a Finnish club of American football .
Paul Baier ( born February 2 , 1985 ) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who mainly played in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Pierre Henri Landry ( 14 June 1899 -- 1990 ) was a Russian - born French international tennis player .
Elena Abramovich ( Belarusian : Алена Абрамовіч ; Russian : Елена Абрамович ; born 18 July 1981 in Minsk ) is a Belarusian handball goalkeeper who plays for Ferencvárosi TC and the Belarusian national team .
Uroš Marović ( 4 July 1946 -- 23 January 2014 ) was a Serbian water polo player notable for winning a gold medal in Mexico City in 1968 , with the Yugoslavian water polo team .
The Rose City Wildcats were a women 's professional American football team based in Portland , Oregon .
Marek Karbarz ( born 22 July 1950 ) is a former Polish volleyball player , a member of Polish national team in 1969 - 1979 , Olympic Champion 1976 , World Champion 1974 , silver medalist of the European Championship 1977 .
The Bartercard Gold Coast Blue Tongues , formerly known as the Brisbane Blue Tongues are a semi - professional ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League that is currently on hiatus .
Horatio Pintea is a Canadian table tennis player .
Interserie is the name of a European - based motorsport series started in 1970 that allows for a wide variety of racing cars from various eras and series to compete with less limited rules than in other series .
Hyun - soo Kim ( Hangul : 김현수 ; born January 12 , 1988 ) is a South Korean professional baseball outfielder for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball .
Samuel Sevian ( born December 26 , 2000 ) is an American chess prodigy .
Róbert Petrovický ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈroːbɛrt ˈpɛtrovɪtskiː ) ; born 26 October 1973 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey right winger .
Thomas Roussel ( born November 22 , 1985 in Amiens ) is a professional French ice hockey defenceman who played at the 2009 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men 's ice hockey team .
Georges Gault was a tennis player competing for France .
The Portland LumberJax ( sometimes referred to as the Jax ) were a professional lacrosse team in the National Lacrosse League ( NLL ) , which started playing in the 2006 season and ended operations after the 2009 season .
Yorane Julians ( born May 22 , 1981 in Massy , Essonne , France ) is a French basketball player who played 34 games for French Pro A league club Chalons en Champagne during the 2004 - 2005 season .
Aleksej Nešović ( Serbian : Алексеј Нешовић ; born March 14 , 1985 ) is a Bosnian - Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Kožuv of the Macedonian League .
John Ray Eddy ( April 13 , 1911 -- September 20 , 1986 ) was an American college basketball coach and former player .
Glenelg Football Club is an Australian rules football team , which plays in the South Australian National Football League .
The 2007 USA Cycling Professional Tour is the inaugural year of a professional road bicycle racing series organized by USA Cycling .
The 2013 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships is a long track speed skating event that was held in January 26 - -27 , 2013 , in the Utah Olympic Oval , in Salt Lake City , United States .
The Canberra Cavalry is a professional baseball team in the Australian Baseball League .
Sajjad Mashayekhi ( Persian : سجاد مشایخی ‎‎ , born March 5 , 1994 ) is an Iranian professional basketball player .
Gerti Shima ( born 6 May 1986 in Tirana ) is an Albanian professional basketball player who currently plays for Kosovan side Sigal Prishtina in the Kosovo Basketball Superleague . Shima transferred for the second time to Sigal Prishtina on January 2016 .
Miroslav Blaťák ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪroslaf ˈblacaːk ) ; born May 25 , 1982 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey .
Jonathan Kale ( born October 18 , 1985 ) is an American - born Ivorian basketball player who currently plays for Lille Metropole in the French LNB Pro B. Kale was a four - year player for Providence College and started every game in his senior season , averaging a career best 10.1 PPG and 6.0 RPG .
The 2009 Little League World Series , was the championship little league baseball game and was held in South Williamsport , Pennsylvania .
The National Basketball Players Association ( the NBPA ) is a labor union that represents basketball players in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Paris Saint - Germain Handball , better known as Paris SG or PSG , is a handball club from Paris , France , that plays in the LNH Division 1 .
Hawk - Eye is a complex computer system used officially in numerous sports such as cricket , tennis , Gaelic football , badminton , hurling , and association football , to visually track the trajectory of the ball and display a record of its statistically most likely path as a moving image .
Western Force is a rugby union team based in Perth , Western Australia playing in the international Super rugby competition .
Walter Wolf Racing was a Formula One constructor from 1977 to 1979 , notable for winning the very first race the team entered .
The 1940 All - Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 54th staging of the All - Ireland Senior Hurling Championship , the Gaelic Athletic Association 's premier inter - county hurling tournament .
Jennifer Harris is a former player of the Pennsylvania State University Lady Lions basketball team .
Ben Tune ( born 28 December 1976 in Brisbane ) is an Australian rugby union player .
The Houston Skippers were a minor league ice hockey team based in Houston , Texas .
Ruch Chorzów ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈrux ˈxɔʐuf ) ) is a Polish association football club based in Chorzów , Upper Silesia .
Remco van Wijk ( born October 7 , 1972 in Breda ) is a former Dutch field hockey player , who played 242 international matches for the Netherlands , in which he scored 63 goals .
Toivo Suursoo ( born November 13 , 1975 ) is professional ice hockey coach and player .
Yunus Sarı ( born January 21 , 1991 ) is a Turkish taekwondo practitioner competing in the welterweight division .
Mark Vichorek ( born January 5 , 1963 ) is an American retired professional ice hockey player .
Gary McLain is a former American collegiate basketball player at Villanova University .
The 1993 Salem Open - Beijing was a tennis tournament played on outdoor carpet courts .
Gloucester Rugby is a professional English rugby union club situated in the West Country city of Gloucester , and formed in 1873 .
Marcos Ondruska ( born 18 December 1972 ) is a former tennis player from South Africa , who turned professional in 1989 .
Lasse Pirjetä ( born April 4 , 1974 in Oulu , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Pelicans in the Finnish SM - liiga .
Marvelous Marvin Hagler vs. Thomas Hearns , billed as `` The War '' ( originally billed as `` The Fight '' ) , was a world middleweight championship boxing match between Undisputed Champion Marvin Hagler and challenger Thomas Hearns , who was himself the world 's junior middleweight champion .
The 2010 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championships for track cycling in 2010 .
Abe King , Jr. is a Filipino former basketball player who was part of the champion Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) ballclub Toyota Tamaraws .
Barbara Gerken ( born July 3 , 1964 ) is a former American international tennis player who was a quarterfinalist at the 1981 US Open .
Claude Davey ( 14 December 1908 -- 18 February 2001 ) was a Wales international rugby union player who played club rugby for several teams , most notably Sale and Swansea .
The 2014 Townsville Football Cup was a friendly association football tournament played in the Townsville , Australia .
Brigadier Austin Henry Williams ( 11 February 1890 - 5 September 1973 ) was a British polo champion and officer in the Indian Army .
The Enschede Marathon is an annual marathon race held in the city of Enschede , Netherlands .
The Lexus Cup was an annual golf tournament played between 2005 and 2008 for professional women golfers contested by a team representing Asia and an international team representing the rest of the world .
Scott Fardy ( born 5 July 1984 , Sydney ) is an Australian rugby union player who plays for the Brumbies in Super Rugby .
Stéphane Mazzolini ( born 28 November 1966 ) is a French former association football player and now manager .
Lene Køppen ( born May 5 , 1953 ) is a former badminton player from Denmark who won numerous Danish national and major international championships from the early 1970s through the early 1980s .
The Barcelona Ladies Open was a tennis tournament for women held in Barcelona in Catalonia ( Spain ) and was played on outdoor clay courts .
The 2001 Qatar Open , known as the 2001 Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons , was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha in Qatar and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour .
Bojan Krstevski ( Macedonian : Бојан Крстевски ; born 4 June 1989 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball player born in Skopje .
Per Carlén ( Born 19 November 1960 in Karlstad ) is a former handball player and current coach .
The Las Vegas Locomotives ( called the Locos for short ) were a short lived professional American football team based in Las Vegas , Nevada that played in the United Football League .
Paula Newby - Fraser is regarded as an icon for the Ironman distance in triathlon .
2010 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Sri Lanka is a tournament of Twenty20 cricket matches that will be held in Sri Lanka from 1 to 4 February 2010 .
The 1989 Grand Prix International de Paris was a senior - level international competition held in Paris , France in the 1989 - -90 figure skating season .
The Balwyn Football Club is an Australian rules football club located in the eastern Melbourne suburb of Balwyn .
SC Union 03 Altona is a German association football club based in the Altona district of the city of Hamburg .
The 1999 European Figure Skating Championships were an international figure skating competition in the 1998 - -99 season .
Philipp Schwethelm ( May 1 , 1989 ) is a German professional basketball player who plays for EWE Baskets Oldenburg of the Basketball Bundesliga .
The 1998 Volvo Women 's Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Pattaya in Thailand that was part of Tier IV of the 1998 WTA Tour .
Ian Millward ( born 22 August 1960 ) is an Australian rugby league coach and former player as well as a former TV pundit for ' The Superleague show ' broadcast on the BBC .
Andrej Meszároš ( Slovak pronunciation : ( andrej mesaːroʃ ) ; born 13 October 1985 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently a member of HC Sibir Novosibirsk .
The 1969 World Series was played between the New York Mets and the Baltimore Orioles , with the Mets prevailing in five games to accomplish one of the greatest upsets in Series history , as that particular Orioles squad was considered to be one of the finest ever ( and still is by some baseball pundits ) .
The 2013 Aegon Championships ( also known traditionally as the Queen 's Club Championships ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts .
Pete Trgovich is an American former college basketball player .
Emil Zinner ( 23 August 1909 , Brno -- 8 July 1942 , Majdanek ) was a Jewish - Czech chess master .
The Indianapolis Capitals were an American Hockey League professional ice hockey team based in Indianapolis , Indiana from 1939 - -1952 .
The 2011 Polish Figure Skating Championships ( Polish : Mistrzostwa Polski w łyżwiarstwie figurowym 2010/2011 ) were the Polish Figure Skating Championships of the 2010/2011 figure skating season .
Texas Stadium was an American football stadium located in Irving , Texas , a suburb of Dallas .
Owen Marecic ( /məˈriːsɨk/ mə - REE - sik ; born October 4 , 1988 ) is a former American football fullback .
Erwan Pain ( born 14 February 1986 ) is a professional French ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men 's ice hockey team .
The 1983 Virginia Slims of Indianapolis was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Indianapolis , Indiana in the United States that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
The Patty Kazmaier Award is given to the top female college ice hockey player in the United States .
Zhuang Zedong ( Chuang Tse - tung ; August 25 , 1940 -- February 10 , 2013 ) was a Chinese table tennis player , three - time world men 's singles champion and champion at numerous other table tennis events and a well - known political personality during the tumult of the Cultural Revolution .
Jean Bouilhou born 7 December 1978 is a rugby union player for Toulouse in the Top 14 competition .
Reese Dismukes ( born October 20 , 1992 ) is an American football center for the Carolina Panthers in the NFL .
Alex Tulou ( born 21 March 1987,Faga'alu , American Samoa ) is a rugby union footballer , currently playing in the top French professional rugby competition , the Top 14 , for Montpellier .
The 2013 Friends Life t20 was the fourth season of the Friends Life t20 Twenty20 English cricket competition .
The Macau Open Badminton Championships is an open international championship in badminton held in Macau since 2006 .
Liversedge RFC ( founded 1877 ) were a semi - professional rugby league club from Yorkshire , England .
The French National Track Championships are held annually and are composed of competitions of various track cycling disciplines across various age and gender categories .
The Capital Centre ( later known as USAir Arena ) was an indoor arena located in Landover , Maryland , a suburb of Washington , D.C. Completed in 1973 , the arena sat 18,756 for basketball and 18,130 for hockey .
Sadegh Aliakbarzadeh Khoi ( Persian : صادق علی اکبرزاده خویی , born September 3 , 1932 Baku ) , was an Iranian boxer who became a member of Iran senior national Boxing team in 1957 , and was also a member of Tehran Jafari Club , boxing in the 54 and 57 kg divisions .
Attila Ambrus ( October 6 , 1967 ) , alias Whiskey Robber , is a Hungarian former thief and professional ice hockey player .
The Colombian Professional Baseball League , also known as the Colombian Winter League , is a professional baseball league based in Colombia .
The Memorial Cup is a junior ice hockey club championship trophy awarded annually to the Canadian Hockey League ( CHL ) champion .
The Montreal Lacrosse Club was a lacrosse club in the Canadian city of Montreal , Quebec .
Rob Dewey is a former Scottish rugby union player who was born on 16 October 1983 and played for the Glasgow Warriors .
David Nucifora ( born 15 January 1962 ) is a former rugby union player who played for the Queensland and Australia .
The only long track speed skating oval in Winnipeg has been named after Susan Auch .
Although some of the players chosen in the 2001 NBDL Draft had played semi - professional and/or professional basketball after college graduation , only the United States colleges they attended are listed .
John Paul Erram , also known as JP Erram , is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Blackwater Elite in the Philippine Basketball Association .
Branko Radivojevič ( Serbian : Бранко Радивојевић / Branko Radivojević ; born November 24 , 1980 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey forward currently playing for HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga .
Antonio León Amador , better known as Leoncito ( 30 August 1909 -- 11 March 1995 ) was a Spanish professional association football player .
The Sydney Sirens are an ice hockey team in the Australian Women 's Ice Hockey League .
HC Kharkiv was an ice hockey team based in Kharkiv , Ukraine .
George Dikeoulakos ( Greek : Γιώργος ( Τζώρτζης ) Δικαιουλάκος ; born 26 January 1969 in Athens , Greece ) is a professional Greek basketball coach .
The 2015 Istanbul Open ( also known as the TEB BNP Paribas Istanbul Open for sponsorship purposes ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts .
The 2010 Leinster Football Association Senior Cup , also known as the 2010 Leinster Senior Cup , was the 109th staging of the Leinster Senior Cup association football competition .
Cameron Shepherd ( born 30 March 1984 , Windsor , England ) is an Australian rugby union footballer .
The 2013 Women 's European Volleyball League was the fifth edition of the annual European Volleyball League , which featured women 's national volleyball teams from eight European countries .
Virtus Verona ( formerly known as Unione Sportiva Virtus Borgo Venezia ) , sometimes referred to as Virtus Vecomp Verona for sponsorship reasons , is an Italian association football club located in Borgo Venezia , a district of Verona , Veneto .
Dusty Collins ( born February 28 , 1985 ) is an American former professional ice hockey forward who played most notably in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Tero Arkiomaa ( born February 20 , 1968 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a retired Finnish ice hockey player .
Eric Blum ( born 13 June 1986 ) is a Swiss - Japanese professional ice hockey player who is currently playing and Captaining SC Bern of the National League A ( NLA ) .
Sports Authority Field at Mile High , previously known as Invesco Field at Mile High , and commonly known as Mile High or Mile High Stadium , is an American football stadium in Denver , Colorado .
ASK / Ogre is an ice hockey club in Ogre , Latvia founded in 2003 .
The ICC Test Championship is an international competition run by the International Cricket Council in the sport of cricket for the 10 teams that play Test cricket .
Mikkel Hansen ( born 22 October 1987 ) is a Danish handball player , currently playing in PSG Handball .
The 1993 Dubai Tennis Championships , also known by its sponsored name Duty Free Dubai / BMW Tennis Open , was the inaugural edition of this men 's tennis tournament and was played on outdoor hard courts .
Leslie Lyell was an English association football player who spent his entire professional career in the American Soccer League .
The UWA World Middleweight Championship ( Campeonato Mundial de Peso Medio UWA in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling championship originally created and sanctioend by the Mexican lucha libre promotion Universal Wrestling Association ( UWA ) from 1976 until the UWA closed in 1995 .
Marc Albert ( born November 15 , 1961 in Caraquet ) is a former Canadian Olympic volleyball player .
Southern Districts Rugby Club is a rugby union club based in southern Sydney , New South Wales .
Arnoldus Leonardus Henricus Roderik Bouwman ( born March 24 , 1957 , in Haarlem ) is a former Dutch field hockey player , who played 107 international matches for the Netherlands , in which the striker scored 82 goals .
The Merano Open is a defunct , ATP Tour affiliated tennis tournament played for one year in 1999 .
Irina Buryachok ( Ukrainian : Ірина Бурячок ) ( born 5 July 1986 ) is a professional Ukrainian tennis player .
Larry Holmes vs. Gerry Cooney was a boxing fight that took place on June 11 , 1982 .
Honorato Trosso , ( born January 27 , 1970 in Luanda ) is a former Angolan basketball player .
Kameron Chatman ( born June 1 , 1996 ) is an American college basketball player at The University of Michigan where he is playing his sophomore season for the 2015 - -16 team .
The Winston - Salem Dash is a minor league baseball team in Winston - Salem , North Carolina , United States .
Romain Édouard ( born 28 November 1990 , Poitiers ) is a French chess player and grandmaster since 2009 .
Janko Božović ( born 14 July 1985 ) is an Austrian handball player who plays for Macedonian club RK Metalurg Skopje and the Austrian national team .
The Royal Bank Cup is an annual ice hockey competition that determines the Canadian Junior A champion .
MŠK Považská Bystrica is the handball team from Slovakia . MŠK Považská Bystrica won their first Slovak championship in 2002 , and won again in 2003 and 2006 when played Champions League .
Burgher Recreation Club is a first - class cricket and hockey club based in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Valériane Ayayi ( born April 29 , 1994 in Bordeaux ) is a French basketball player who plays for club Basket Landes of the Ligue Féminine de Basketball the top league of basketball of women in France .
VfB Theley is a German association football club from the Theley suburb of the town of Tholey , Saarland .
Club Balonmano Granollers ( also known as BM Granollers ) is a handball club based in Granollers , Catalonia , Spain .
Yisrael Zaguri ( Hebrew : ישראל זגורי‎ ; born 29 January 1990 ) is an Israeli professional association football player who plays for Maccabi Netanya in the Israeli Premier League .
Simon Bertilsson ( born April 19 , 1991 , in Karlskoga ) is a Swedish ice hockey player .
Olimpia Basketball Club , mostly known as Olimpia de Venado Tuerto ( Spanish pronunciation : ( oˈlimpja ðe βeˈnaðo ˈtwerto ) ) is an Argentine basketball club based in the city of Venado Tuerto , Santa Fe Province .
Lieutenant - Colonel Ralph Gerald Ritson ( 1880 -- October 25 , 1966 ) was a member of the Inniskilling Dragoons and a champion polo player with a ten - goal handicap .
Batting average is a statistic in cricket , baseball , and softball that measures the performance of batsmen in cricket and batters in baseball .
The UEFA Europa League , previously called the UEFA Cup , is an annual association football club competition organized by UEFA since 1971 for eligible European football clubs .
The 2011 Belgian Figure Skating Championships ( Dutch : Belgisch Kampioenschap 2011 ; French : Championnat de Belgique 2011 ) were the Belgian Figure Skating Championships of the 2010 - 2011 figure skating season .
Liu Weidong ( simplified Chinese : 刘卫东 ; traditional Chinese : 劉衛東 ; pinyin : Liú Wèidōng ; born 29 January 1987 ) is a Chinese association football player who currently plays for Chongqing Lifan in the Chinese Super League .
The Hypo Group Tennis International was an annual men 's tennis tournament last held in Pörtschach , Austria .
Morgan Pridy ( born October 9 , 1990 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian specializing in Super - G and alpine skiing combined .
SK Aarhus is a Danish women 's handball club based in Aarhus .
Gil Servaes ( born 11 April 1988 in Sint - Agatha - Berchem ) is a Belgian association football player who currently plays for Racing Mechelen .
Individual Polish Chess Championship is the most important Polish chess tournament , aiming at selecting the best chess players in Poland .
The 1984 Santista Textile Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor carpet courts in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
Jakob Fenger - Larsen ( born February 6 , 1971 in Odder , Denmark ) was a Danish association football player who played professionally in Denmark and in the lower U.S. divisions .
Grit Jurack ( born 22 October 1977 ) is a former German handball player , who played on the German women 's national handball team .
Marin Dokuzovski ( Macedonian : Марин Докузовски ; born July 14 , 1960 in Skopje ) is a Macedonian former professional basketball player and current coach of KK Rabotnicki .
The Football Association of Ireland Senior Challenge Cup ( FAI Cup ) , known as the Irish Daily Mail FAI Cup for sponsorship reasons , is a knock - out association football competition contested annually by teams from the Republic of Ireland ( as well as Derry City from Northern Ireland ) .
The Women 's Baseball World Cup is an international tournament in which national women 's baseball teams from around the world compete .
PZU Polfa Pabianice was a Polish women 's basketball team based in Pabianice that played in the Sharp Torell Basket Liga .
The Owen Sound Attack are a junior ice hockey in the Ontario Hockey League based in Owen Sound , Ontario , Canada .
Peter de Villiers ( born 3 June 1957 in Paarl ) is a South African rugby union player and coach .
The 2009 Hong Kong Super Series was a top level badminton competition which was held from November 10 , 2009 to November 14 , 2009 in Hong Kong .
Once Municipal or 11 Municipal is a Salvadoran association football club from Ahuachapán , El Salvador .
Sue Newman ( married name Sue King ) is a former squash player from Australia .
Neil Ryan is a retired English association football defender who played professionally in the USL A - League .
Mike Mangan ( born November 3 , 1975 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American rugby union lock .
The 1996 AFL Lightning Premiership was an Australian rules football knock - out competition , played in its entirety before the Australian Football League 's main pre - season competition began .
Dr. Chris Boyle ( born 11 August 1972 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is an association football Referee who currently referees in the Australian A - League .
Bruce Mulherin ( born February 3 , 1982 in Red Deer , Alberta ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player , currently playing for Tohoku Free Blades after being released by the Manchester Phoenix due to financial problems .
The National Ice Hockey League ( NIHL ) ( formerly the English National Ice Hockey League or ENIHL ) is a set of amateur ice hockey leagues below the English Premier Ice Hockey League which is administered by the English Ice Hockey Association .
Mirosław Rybaczewski ( born July 8 , 1952 in Warszawa , Poland ) is a former Polish volleyball player , a member of Polish national team in 1973 - 1980 , Olympic Champion 1976 , World Champion 1974 , silver medalist of the European Championship 1975 .
The Philadelphia Daily News Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that played in 1955 and 1956 at Cobb 's Creek Golf Club in Philadelphia .
Arthur Woodruff ( 12 April 1913 -- 5 January 1983 ) was an English professional association football player who played as a centre - half .
Mark Connors ( born 17 May 1971 , Brisbane ) is an Australian rugby union footballer .
Herbert Whitfeld ( 15 November 1858 -- 6 May 1909 ) was an English amateur sportsman who played association football and county cricket .
The 2013 Hungarian Figure Skating Championships will be the Hungarian Figure Skating Championships of the 2012 - 2013 figure skating season .
The 2012 WGC - HSBC Champions was a golf tournament played 1 - -4 November 2012 at the Olazabal Course of Mission Hills Golf Club in Shenzhen , China .
Héctor Ambriz ( born May 24 , 1984 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Washington Nationals organization .
The 2004 Africa Cup ( officially called at those time `` Africa Top ten '' ) was the fifth edition of highest level rugby union tournament in Africa .
FIBA Africa is a zone within the FIBA basketball association which contains all 53 national African FIBA federations , it was founded in 1961 .
The 1991 Estoril Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts .
Boris Petelin ( born August 15 , 1924 in Magadan , Russia ) is a retired ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League .
Aleksandar Gruev ( Bulgarian : Александър Груев ) ( born July 24 , 1983 ) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player who play for BC Spartak Pleven of the NBL .
HC Dynamo Moscow ( Russian : ХК Дина́мо Москва́ ) is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Moscow .
Karl Poschauko ( born 1900 , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian chess master .
Grunwald Poznań is a sports club based in Poznań , Poland , with several sections : field hockey ( Hokej na trawie ) shooting ( Strzelectwo ) Wrestling ( Zapasy ) Handball ( Piłka ręczna ) Orienteering ( Biegi na orientację ) Tennis ( Tenis ziemny ) .
Randy Fasani ( born September 18 , 1978 ) is a former professional American football quarterback .
Sunanda Pushkar ( 27 June 1962 -- 17 January 2014 ) was an Indian businesswoman and the wife of Indian diplomat and politician Shashi Tharoor .
In 1963 , Jessie Brewer , R.N. , is married to Dr. Phil Brewer , an intern , who is seven years younger than her .
Flavia Titiana was a Roman empress , wife of emperor Pertinax , who ruled briefly in 193 ( known as `` Year of the Five Emperors '' ) .
Doamna Stanca ( died 1603 ) was the wife of Michael the Brave .
Brooke Burns was married to actor Julian McMahon from 1999 to 2001 and they have a daughter --
Joyce Tyldesley thinks Khenthap was a wife of king Hor - Aha and that her grandson was king Djet , for Djet is thought to be the son of king Djer ( Aha 's son ) .
Princess Anna of Bavaria ( German : Anna - Natascha Prinzessin von Bayern ) ( born 15 March 1978 ) is a German journalist and author , and wife of Prince Manuel of Bavaria .
Mary , Crown Princess of Denmark , Countess of Monpezat , R.E. ( née Mary Elizabeth Donaldson ; born 5 February 1972 in Hobart , Tasmania , Australia ) is the wife of Frederik , Crown Prince of Denmark .
Aino Sibelius ( née Järnefelt ; 10 August 1871 -- 8 June 1969 ) was the wife of Finnish composer Jean Sibelius .
On 18 July 2015 Sopiko Guramishvili married the Russian - born Dutch grandmaster Anish Giri .
Hipparchia of Maroneia ( /hɪˈpɑrkiə/ ; Greek : Ἱππαρχία ; fl . c. 325 BC ) was a Cynic philosopher , and wife of Crates of Thebes .
Ranvir Shorey used to date Pooja Bhatt , but he finally got married to his longtime girlfriend actress Konkona Sen Sharma on 3 September 2010 .
Dayawati Modi ( 1915 - -1994 ) was a philanthropist and the wife of the founder of Modi Enterprises , Rai Bahadur Gujarmal Modi .
Paola di Girifalco , Contessa di Girifalco ( 18 September 1928 -- 12 August 1986 ) , better known by her professional name Paola Mori was an Italian actress and aristocrat , who was the third and final wife of Orson Welles .
The Aswan rock stela shows Ramesses II , Isetnofret and Khaemwaset before the god Khnum , while in another register Bintanath appears with her brothers Ramesses and Merneptah .
Princess Adelaide of Löwenstein - Wertheim - Rosenberg ( 3 April 1831 -- 16 December 1909 ) was the wife of King Miguel I of Portugal but only following his deposition .
Magda Staudinger ( Latvian : Magda Štaudingere ) ( 1902 - -1997 ) was a Latvian biologist and botanist who studied macromolecules with her husband Hermann Staudinger and their application to biology .
In 161 , when she was between 11 and 13 years old , Lucilla 's father arranged a marriage for her with his co - ruler Lucius Verus .
Eliza McCardle Johnson ( October 4 , 1810 -- January 15 , 1876 ) was the First Lady of the United States and the wife of Andrew Johnson , the 17th President of the United States .
In June 2006 , Juanes began a year - long sabbatical to spend time with his wife , model Karen Martínez , and their daughters Luna and Paloma .
Lidiya Fedoseyeva - Shukshina ( Russian : Лидия Николаевна Федосеева-Шукшина ) ( born 25 September 1938 in Leningrad ) is a Russian actress and widow of writer , actor and director Vasily Shukshin .
Ding Ling was influenced by progressive teachers at the People 's Girls School , and by her association with modern writers such as Shen Congwen and the left - wing poet Hu Yepin , whom she married in 1925 .
John Woodvine is married to actress Lynn Farleigh .
Hind bint Abi Umayya ( Arabic : هند بنت أبي أمية‎ ) , also known as Hind al - Makhzumiyah , Hind bint Suhayl or Umm Salama ( Arabic : أم سلمة هند بنت أبي أمية‎ ) ( c. 596 AD -- 64 AH ) was one of Muhammad 's wives .
Ipswich Museum , Ipswich Portrait of Maria Bicknell , Mrs. John Constable ( 1816 ) --
Ina Weisse is married to the German Film director Matti Geschonneck , with whom she worked together for the TV - films Duell in der Nacht ( 2007 ) , Tod in Istanbul ( 2009 ) , Der Verdacht ( 2010 ) und Das Ende einer Nacht ( 2011 ) .
Nils Poppe was married twice ; first to actress Inga Landgré ( 1949 - -1959 ) , and then to actress Gunilla Poppe ( née Sundberg ) ( 1965 - -2000 ) who was 29 years younger than him .
Julia Gardiner Tyler ( May 4 , 1820 -- July 10 , 1889 ) was the second wife of John Tyler , who was the tenth President of the United States , and served as First Lady of the United States from June 26 , 1844 , to March 4 , 1845 .
Melinda Gebbie is an American comics artist and writer , known for works such as `` Cobweb '' in writer ( and now husband ) Alan Moore 's Tomorrow Stories anthology series , and for Lost Girls , the three - volume graphic novel she produced in collaboration with Moore , published by Top Shelf .
He disbanded Fu Deng 's troops and gave Fu Deng 's Empress Li to his general Yao Huang ( 姚晃 ) .
Lana Marconi ( 8 September 1917 , Bucharest , Kingdom of Romania -- 8 December 1990 ) was a Romanian - French actress , and the fifth and last wife of the famous French actor - director - playwright Sacha Guitry ( 1885 - -1957 ) , whom she married in 1949 .
Rebeka Bobanj ( born June 5 , 1981 in Subotica ) is a Hungarian dramatic coloratura soprano .
Meagan Miller is an American soprano with an active international career in opera , recital and concert .
Trude Eipperle ( 27 January 1908 , Stuttgart -- 18 October 1997 , Stuttgart ) was a German operatic soprano .
Maria Zamboni ( 25 July 1895 -- 25 March 1976 ) was an Italian operatic soprano who had a prolific career in Italy and South America between 1921 and 1936 .
Itxaro Mentxaka Bengoetxea ( Lekeitio , Bizkaia , Spain , 1964 ) is a Basque mezzo - soprano .
Jenny Cecilia Petrén , née Berggren , ( born 19 May 1972 ) , professionally known as Jenny Berggren and Jenny from Ace of Base is a Swedish mezzo - soprano singer and former lead singer in the Swedish pop band Ace of Base .
Mordecai Bauman ( March 12 , 1912 in Bronx , NY -- May 16 , 2007 in New York City , NY ) was an American baritone .
Luigi Piazza ( 1884 -- 22 March 1967 ) , was an Italian operatic baritone , particularly associated with the Italian repertory , especially the role of Rigoletto .
Jennifer Larmore ( born June 21 , 1958 ) is an American mezzo - soprano opera singer , particularly noted for her performances in coloratura and bel canto roles which she has performed in the world 's major opera houses .
Marie Gutheil - Schoder ( 16 February 1874 -- 4 October 1935 ) was an important German soprano .
Evelyn Baghtcheban ( variations : Baghcheban , Baqcheban , Bahceban ) ( Persian : اولین باغچه‌بان‎ , 1928 - October 31 , 2010 ) was a Turkish opera singer ( mezzo - soprano ) and one of the pioneers of opera and choral music in Iran .
Rachel Nicholls is an English soprano in opera and concert .
Joyce Castle ( born Lillian Joyce Malicky , on January 17 , 1939 , in Beaumont , Texas ) is an American mezzo - soprano who has had an active opera career for the last four decades .
Amy Shuard CBE ( 19 July 1924 -- 18 April 1975 ) was an English operatic soprano renowned in such dramatic roles as Elektra , Turandot and Brünnhilde .
Louis Musy ( born 22 October 1902 , Algeria , died 19 October 1981 ) was a French operatic baritone and stage director principally active at the Paris Opéra - Comique .
Marguerite Piazza ( May 6 , 1920 -- August 2 , 2012 ) was an American soprano , entertainer and philanthropist from New Orleans , Louisiana .
Peter Butterfield is a Canadian conductor and classical tenor .
William Matteuzzi ( born 12 December 1957 in Bologna , Italy ) is an Italian operatic tenor renowned for his impressive vocal range and prominent upper register , reaching a high F ( above the tenor high C ) in full voice , which enabled him to participate in the recent revival of the tenore contraltino repertoire .
Alexandra Deshorties ( born 1975 ) is a French - Canadian soprano who sings principally opera .
Nicolae Herlea ( 28 August 1927 -- February 24 , 2014 ) was a Romanian operatic baritone , particularly associated with the Italian repertory , especially the role of Rossini 's Figaro , which he sang around 550 times during his career .
James Campbell McInnes ( 23 January 1874 -- 8 February 1945 ) was a well - known English baritone singer and teacher at the turn of the 20th century , ex - husband of author Angela Thirkell and father of writer Colin MacInnes .
Anastasia Robinson ( c. 1692 -- April 1755 ) , later known as Anastasia , Countess of Peterborough , was an English soprano , later contralto , of the Baroque era .
Thorvald Lammers ( 15 January 1841 -- 8 February 1922 ) was a Norwegian baritone singer , choral conductor , composer , and biographer .
Cecilia Davies ( c. 1756 - 3 July 1836 ) was an English classical soprano who had an active international career in concerts and operas during the second half of the 18th century .
Sophie Diez or Dietz ( née Hartmann ) ( 1 September 1820 -- 3 May 1887 ) was a German soprano who sang leading roles with the Munich Hofoper ( now known as the Bavarian State Opera ) in a career spanning 40 years .
Allen Doone ( Edward Allen ) b. 3 Sep 1878 , Amboy , Lee , Illinois ( d. 4 May 1948 ) was an Irish - American tenor and comic who specialised in Irish romantic dramas .
Nadine Conner ( February 20 , 1907 - March 1 , 2003 ) was an American operatic soprano , radio singer and music teacher .
Anna Caterina Antonacci , ( born 5 April 1961 ) is an Italian soprano known for roles in the bel canto and Baroque repertories .
Iva Pacetti ( 13 December 1898 , Prato - 19 January 1981 , Milan ) was an Italian operatic soprano who had an active international career from 1920 - 1947 .
Roger Bourdin ( 14 June 1900 , Levallois - Perret - 14 September 1973 , Paris ) was a French baritone , particularly associated with the French repertory .
Jeanne Granier ( 31 March 1852 -- 18 or 19 December 1939 ) was a French soprano , born and died in Paris , whose career was centred on the French capital .
Otto Wiener ( February 13 , 1911 - August 5 , 2000 ) was an Austrian baritone , notable for his performances in the operas of Richard Wagner .
Heinrich Knote ( November 26 , 1870 -- January 15 , 1953 ) was an outstanding German dramatic tenor with an international reputation .
Franco Fagioli ( born 1981 in Tucumán ) is an Argentinan operatic countertenor .
Soo Bee Lee ( May 9 , 1934 -- August 31 , 2005 ) was a soprano singer from Singapore .
Franz Crass ( 9 March 1928 -- 23 June 2012 ) was a German bass singer .
He has sung baritone and lead for Gold City ( 1992 - -1994 ) , the Kingdom Heirs ( 1994 - -1995 ) , and The Steve Lacey Trio .
Kristoffer Rygg possesses a wide range of vocal textures and styles , ranging from baritone , countertenor , crooning and even black metal style screaming .
Herbert Alsen ( sometimes Ahlsen ) ( 1906 - -1978 ) was a German operatic bass of formidable volume and stature .
Marie Hayward ( 1939 -- November 2011 ) was an English soprano , whose career was in opera in the UK and overseas and in concerts and recordings .
Heinrich Conrad Schleinitz ( * 1805 in Zechanitz for chub , † 1881 in Leipzig ) was a German jurist and tenor .
Maurice Stern ( Mauro Lampi ) is an American operatic tenor and sculptor , Stern graduated from the Eastman School of Music .
Natalie Ni Shi ( 石妮 , /ˈnɑːtɑːli.nɪ.ʃiː/ , born 9 May 1983 ) is a Canadian lyric operatic soprano and film actress .
Stephanie Blythe ( born 1970 ) is an American mezzo - soprano who has had an active international career in operas and concerts since the early 1990s .
Basilio Basili ( March 21 , 1804 -- 1895 ) was an Italian tenor and composer .
Conal Coad is an Australian opera singer known for his dramatic interpretations of the bass repertoire .
Renato Mismetti ( born 1960 , Cajuru , SP , Brazil ) is an Italian - Brazilian baritone .
Ildebrando D'Arcangelo ( born 14 December 1969 ) is an Italian bass - baritone opera singer .
Vina Bovy ( Malvina Bovi Van Overberghe ) born Ghent 22 May 1900 , died in the same city 16 May 1983 was a Belgian operatic soprano .
John Boulter is a British tenor best known for his appearances as a soloist in the BBC 's long - running variety series The Black and White Minstrel Show .
Cristina Deutekom , also known as Christine Deutekom and Christina Deutekom ( 28 August 1931 -- 7 August 2014 ) , was a Dutch coloratura soprano opera singer .
Brendan O'Dowda ( 1 October 1925 -- 22 February 2002 ) was an Irish tenor who popularised the songs of Percy French .
Mariella Devia ( 12 April 1948 ) is an Italian operatic coloratura soprano , well known for performing many roles in the bel canto repertoire .
Ingeborg Reichelt ( born 11 May 1928 in Frankfurt an der Oder ) is a German soprano singer .
Regina Schörg is an Austrian soprano and teacher .
