author	Climbing Mount Improbable is a 1996 popular science book by Richard Dawkins.	Climbing Mount Improbable	Richard Dawkins
author	Everything I'm Cracked Up to Be is a book by Boston, Massachusetts-based musician Jen Trynin.	Everything I'm Cracked Up to Be	Jen Trynin
author	Against Simon (also known as ``Reply to Simon'') is a speech by Lysias, one of the ``Canon of Ten'' Attic orators.	Against Simon	Lysias
author	The Tenth Brother (Slovene: Deseti brat) written by the Slovene writer Josip Jurčič, is the first novel in Slovene.	The Tenth Brother	Josip Jurčič
author	Knowledge and Decisions is a non-fiction book by American economist Thomas Sowell.	Knowledge and Decisions	Thomas Sowell
author	The Vision of Don Roderick is a poem by Sir Walter Scott, published in 1811.	The Vision of Don Roderick	Walter Scott
author	``The Horror at Oakdeene'' is a 1977 horror novella by Brian Lumley.	The Horror at Oakdeene	Brian Lumley
author	The Great Gilly Hopkins is a realistic children's novel by Katherine Paterson.	The Great Gilly Hopkins	Katherine Paterson
author	Tafsir Numani is an exegesis on the Quran attributed to Muhammad Ibn Ibrahim Ibn Jafar al-Numani.	Tafsir Numani	Muhammad Ibn Ibrahim Ibn Jafar al-Numani
author	The Apollo of Bellac (French title: L'Apollon de Bellac or L'Apollon de Marsac) is a comedic one-act play written in 1942 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.	The Apollo of Bellac	Jean Giraudoux
author	Tiger by the Tail and Other Science Fiction Stories is the first collection of short works by Alan E. Nourse, issued in hardcover by publisher Donald McKay in 1961.	Tiger by the Tail and Other Science Fiction Stories	Alan E. Nourse
author	Speakeasy Dollhouse is a series of immersive plays based on Cynthia von Buhler's investigations of mysterious deaths in site-specific, historic locations.	Speakeasy Dollhouse	Cynthia von Buhler
author	The Fall of Colossus is a science fiction novel written in 1974 by the British author Dennis Feltham Jones.	The Fall of Colossus	Dennis Feltham Jones
author	Cube Route is the twenty-seventh book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.	Cube Route	Piers Anthony
author	The Gangster's Life (published in 2011) is a Canadian crime fiction novel by Ranj Dhaliwal.	The Gangster's Life	Ranj Dhaliwal
author	Abarat (2002) is a fantasy novel written and illustrated by Clive Barker, the first in Barker's The Books of Abarat series.	Abarat	Clive Barker
author	The Difference Engine (1990) is an alternate history novel by William Gibson and Bruce Sterling.	The Difference Engine	William Gibson	Bruce Sterling
author	Reincarnation in Venice is a science fiction or mystery book written by popular fiction author Max Simon Ehrlich and published in 1979 by Simon & Schuster in New York.	Reincarnation in Venice	Max Simon Ehrlich
author	Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Bionic Booger Boy are the sixth and seventh books in the Captain Underpants series by Dav Pilkey.	Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Bionic Booger Boy	Dav Pilkey
author	The Fever Crumb Series is the title of a series of novels written by British author, Philip Reeve, and is the prequel series to his critically acclaimed Mortal Engines Quartet.	Fever Crumb Series	Philip Reeve
author	The War Against Cliché (2001) is an anthology of essays, book reviews and literary criticism from the British author Martin Amis.	The War Against Cliché	Martin Amis
author	The Brown Hand, a well-noted short-story by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, was first published in The Strand Magazine, May 1899.	The Brown Hand	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	The Plot to Save Socrates is a time travel novel by Paul Levinson, first published in 2006.	The Plot to Save Socrates	Paul Levinson
author	Colloquies is one of the many works of the ``Prince of Christian Humanists'', Desiderius Erasmus.	Colloquies	Erasmus
author	Dragonkeeper is a children's fantasy novel by Australian author Carole Wilkinson.	Dragonkeeper	Carole Wilkinson
author	Iola Leroy or, Shadows Uplifted, an 1892 novel by Frances Harper, is one of the first novels published by an African-American woman.	Iola Leroy	Frances Harper
author	The Great Divorce is a theological dream vision by C. S. Lewis, in which he reflects on the Christian conception of Heaven and Hell.	The Great Divorce	C. S. Lewis
author	The Sweetest Dream is a 2001 novel by British Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Doris Lessing.	The Sweetest Dream	Doris Lessing
author	The History Man (1975) is a campus novel by the British author Malcolm Bradbury set in 1972 in the fictional seaside town of Watermouth in the South of England.	The History Man	Malcolm Bradbury
author	Raska på, Alfons Åberg is a 1975 children's book by Gunilla Bergström.	Raska på, Alfons Åberg	Gunilla Bergström
author	The Parrot's Theorem is a French novel written by Denis Guedj and published in 1998.	The Parrot's Theorem	Denis Guedj
author	The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion is a 1992 non-fiction book by political scientist John Zaller that examines the processes by which individuals form and express political opinions and the implications this has for public opinion research.	The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion	John Zaller
author	Ricky Rapper (Finnish: Risto Räppääjä) is a main character in a series of children's fantasy books and comic strips by Finnish writers Sinikka Nopola and Tiina Nopola.	Ricky Rapper	Sinikka Nopola	Tiina Nopola
author	A Handful of Fog is a 1979 novel by Sami Michael, published by Am Oved publishing house.	A Handful of Fog	Sami Michael
author	Revolt on Alpha C is a juvenile science fiction novel written by Robert Silverberg and published by Crowell in 1955.	Revolt on Alpha C	Robert Silverberg
author	The name Webster's Dictionary may refer to any of the line of dictionaries first developed by Noah Webster in the early nineteenth century and numerous unrelated dictionaries that adopted Webster's name just to share his prestige.	Webster's Dictionary	Noah Webster
author	The Pelican Brief is a legal-suspense thriller written by John Grisham in 1992.	The Pelican Brief	John Grisham
author	Down These Mean Streets is a memoir by Piri Thomas, a Latino of Puerto Rican and Cuban descent who grew up in El Barrio (aka Spanish Harlem), a section of Harlem that has a large Puerto Rican population.	Down These Mean Streets	Piri Thomas
author	Oru Desathinte Katha (English: The Story of a Locale) is a Malayalam novel written by S. K. Pottekkatt in 1971.	Oru Desathinte Katha	S. K. Pottekkatt
author	The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún is a book containing two narrative poems and related texts composed by J. R. R. Tolkien.	The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling, often known simply as Tom Jones, is a comic novel by the English playwright and novelist Henry Fielding.	The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling	Henry Fielding
author	The Glove of Darth Vader is the first book of the Jedi Prince series by Paul Davids and Hollace Davids, and was released in June 1992.	The Glove of Darth Vader	Paul Davids
author	The Woofits is a series of children's books written in the 1980s by the British television and radio personality Michael Parkinson, best known for his TV chat shows.	The Woofits	Michael Parkinson
author	La Tumba (The Grave) is a 1964 controversial novel written in Spanish by José Agustín.	La Tumba	José Agustín
author	Duck for President is a children's book written by Doreen Cronin and illustrated by Betsy Lewin.	Duck for President	Doreen Cronin
author	Tre kom tilbake (English: Three Returned) is an autobiographical book from 1946 written by Norwegian pilot Jens Müller on his war experiences during World War II. The book centers particularly on his participation in the 1944 mass escape from the German prisoner-of-war camp Stalag Luft III.	Tre kom tilbake	Jens Müller
author	Neuróticos on line is a book by Argentine author Luis Pescetti.	Neuróticos on line	Luis Pescetti
author	Chronicles of the Canongate is a collection of stories by Sir Walter Scott, published in 1827 and 1828.	Chronicles of the Canongate	Walter Scott
author	Radio Golf is a play by American playwright, August Wilson, the final installment in his ten-part series, The Pittsburgh Cycle.	Radio Golf	August Wilson
author	``Lycidas'' (/ˈlɪsɪdəs/) is a poem by John Milton, written in 1637 as a pastoral elegy.	Lycidas	John Milton
author	Instincts of the Herd in Peace and War is the title of an influential book by English surgeon Wilfred Trotter, published in 1916.	Instincts of the Herd in Peace and War	Wilfred Trotter
author	Antiquities of the Jews (Greek: Ἰουδαϊκὴ ἀρχαιολογία, Ioudaikē archaiologia; Latin: Antiquitates Judaicae), also Judean Antiquities (see Ioudaios), is a 20-volume historiographical work composed by the Jewish historian Flavius Josephus in the 13th year of the reign of Roman emperor Flavius Domitian which was around AD 93 or 94.	Antiquities of the Jews	Josephus
author	A Cavern of Black Ice is the first book in the Sword of Shadows fantasy series by J. V. Jones.	A Cavern of Black Ice	J. V. Jones
author	The Beginning Was the End is a 1971 pseudo-scientific book written by Oscar Kiss Maerth that claims that humankind evolved from cannibalistic apes.	The Beginning Was the End	Oscar Kiss Maerth
author	I Know This Much Is True is a novel by Wally Lamb, published in 1998.	I Know This Much Is True	Wally Lamb
author	``The Prowler in the City at the Edge of the World'' is a short story by Harlan Ellison, first published in his 1967 anthology, Dangerous Visions.	The Prowler in the City at the Edge of the World	Harlan Ellison
author	``Retreat Syndrome'' is a 1965 short story written by Philip K. Dick.	Retreat Syndrome	Philip K. Dick
author	The Crows of Pearblossom is a children's book written by Aldous Huxley, the English novelist, essayist and critic.	The Crows of Pearblossom	Aldous Huxley
author	Illustrissimi or ``To the Illustrious Ones'', is a collection of letters written by Pope John Paul I when he was Patriarch of Venice.	Illustrissimi	John Paul I
author	Raja Gidh (Urdu: راجه گدھ‎) by Bano Qudsia is an Urdu novel.	Raja Gidh	Bano Qudsia
author	Book of My Mother (French: Le Livre de ma mère) is a 1954 memoir by the Swiss writer Albert Cohen.	Book of My Mother	Albert Cohen
author	The Methods of Ethics is a book on utilitarianism first published in 1874 by the English philosopher Henry Sidgwick.	The Methods of Ethics	Henry Sidgwick
author	Three Days Before the Shooting... is the title of the edited manuscript of Ralph Ellison's never-finished second novel.	Three Days Before the Shooting...	Ralph Ellison
author	The Knight of Sainte-Hermine (published in France in 2005 under the title Le Chevalier de Sainte-Hermine) is an unfinished historical novel by Alexandre Dumas, believed to be Dumas' last major work.	The Knight of Sainte-Hermine	Alexandre Dumas
author	Captain Salt in Oz (1936) is the thirtieth in the series of Oz novels created by L. Frank Baum and his successors, and the sixteenth written by Ruth Plumly Thompson.	Captain Salt in Oz	Ruth Plumly Thompson
author	Dirty Sexy Politics is a 2010 political memoir written by Meghan McCain, the daughter of Republican Senator John McCain, about the 2008 United States presidential election.	Dirty Sexy Politics	Meghan McCain
author	The Vampire Chronicles is a series of novels by Anne Rice that revolves around the fictional character Lestat de Lioncourt, a French nobleman turned into a vampire in the 18th century.	The Vampire Chronicles	Anne Rice
author	The Children of the Abbey is a novel by the Irish romantic novelist Regina Maria Roche.	The Children of the Abbey	Regina Maria Roche
author	Profiles in Folly is a historical book written by Alan Axelrod which is composed of many other true stories within the book itself, beginning with the Trojan War in ``The Decision To Let Danger In'', and ending with Hurricane Katrina in ``The Decision to Stop Short of Leadership''.	Profiles in Folly	Alan Axelrod
author	The Curse of Lono is a book by Hunter S. Thompson describing his experiences in Hawaii in 1980.	The Curse of Lono	Hunter S. Thompson
author	The View from Serendip is a collection of essays and anecdotes by Arthur C. Clarke, first published in 1977.	The View from Serendip	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Yo-Yo Boing! is a Spanglish novel by Puerto Rican poet and novelist Giannina Braschi.	Yo-Yo Boing!	Giannina Braschi
author	Uncle Remus is the fictional title character and narrator of a collection of African-American folktales adapted and compiled by Joel Chandler Harris, published in book form in 1881.	Uncle Remus	Joel Chandler Harris
author	Hubertus Bigend is a fictional character appearing in the later novels of science fiction and literary author William Gibson.	Hubertus Bigend	William Gibson
author	Malory Towers is a series of six novels by English children's author Enid Blyton, featuring the fictional Cornish seaside boarding school of the same name.	Malory Towers	Enid Blyton
author	Arkham's Masters of Horror is an anthology of fantasy and horror stories edited by Peter Ruber.	Arkham's Masters of Horror	Peter Ruber
author	The Giaour is a poem by Lord Byron first published in 1813 by T. Davison and the first in the series of his Oriental romances.	The Giaour	Lord Byron
author	What Really Happened to the Class of '65? is a 1976 non-fiction book by Michael Medved and David Wallechinsky.	What Really Happened to the Class of '65?	David Wallechinsky
author	Soul River (Collection of twelve Novellas and short stories) is a 2012 Georgian book by author Miho Mosulishvili.	Soul River	Miho Mosulishvili
author	Under the Deodars (published 1888) is a collection of short stories by Rudyard Kipling.	Under the Deodars	Rudyard Kipling
author	No Turn Unstoned is a collection of ``the worst theatrical reviews in history'' compiled by the actress Dame Diana Rigg.	No Turn Unstoned	Diana Rigg
author	``Death and the Compass'' (original Spanish title: ``La muerte y la brújula'') is a short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges (1899--1986).	Death and the Compass	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Our Man in Beirut is the debut book by British-Lebanese author and publisher Nasri Atallah.	Our Man in Beirut	Nasri Atallah
author	The Glass Bees (German: Gläserne Bienen) is a 1957 science fiction novel written by German author Ernst Jünger.	The Glass Bees	Ernst Jünger
author	Supernatural Horror in Literature is a long essay by the horror writer H. P. Lovecraft surveying the topic of horror fiction.	Supernatural Horror in Literature	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Bellarion the Fortunate, published in 1926, is an historical novel by Rafael Sabatini.	Bellarion the Fortunate	Rafael Sabatini
author	Going Wrong (1990) is a novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell.	Going Wrong	Ruth Rendell
author	``Time Enough'' (alternate title: ``Enough Time'') is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight.	Time Enough	Damon Knight
author	Fossil Hunter is a novel written by Canadian science fiction author Robert J. Sawyer.	Fossil Hunter	Robert J. Sawyer
author	Tearing Down the Wall of Sound is a biography of record producer Phil Spector, written by Mick Brown and published in 2008.	Tearing Down the Wall of Sound	Mick Brown
author	Anandamath (Bengali: আনন্দমঠ Anondomôţh; first English publication title: The Abbey of Bliss) is a Bengali novel, written by Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay and published in 1882.	Anandamath	Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay
author	Why Orwell Matters, released in the UK as Orwell's Victory, is a book-length biographical essay by Christopher Hitchens.	Why Orwell Matters	Christopher Hitchens
author	A Tract of Time is an antiwar novel from 1966 by Smith Hempstone, that covers the time period about 1960, when there was an attempted coup of South Vietnamese President Ngo Dinh Diem.	A Tract of Time	Smith Hempstone
author	Jack, or The Submission (French: Jacques ou la soumission) is an absurdist play by Eugène Ionesco, the first of two about Jack and his family (the second being The Future is in Eggs), all of whom are named after Jack (Father-Jack, Mother Jack, etc.).	Jack, or The Submission	Eugène Ionesco
author	Kings of the Water is the third novel from writer Mark Behr, published in November 2009.	Kings of the Water	Mark Behr
author	Time Out of Joint is a dystopian novel by Philip K. Dick, first published in novel form in the United States in 1959.	Time Out of Joint	Philip K. Dick
author	Mr. Monk Goes to Germany is the sixth novel by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk.	Mr. Monk Goes to Germany	Lee Goldberg
author	Loser Takes All is a 1955 novella by British author Graham Greene.	Loser Takes All	Graham Greene
author	The Pit of the Serpent is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard.	The Pit of the Serpent	Robert E. Howard
author	The Fifty Year Sword is a novella written by Mark Z. Danielewski.	The Fifty Year Sword	Mark Z. Danielewski
author	Scattered Poems is a collection of spontaneous poetry by Jack Kerouac.	Scattered Poems	Jack Kerouac
author	Poetics of Cinema 2 (2007) is the second of two volumes of film theory by Chilean filmmaker Raúl Ruiz.	Poetics of Cinema 2	Raúl Ruiz
author	The World Set Free is a novel written in 1913 and published in 1914 by H. G. Wells.	The World Set Free	H. G. Wells
author	Ninth Key is a novel written by Meg Cabot for teenagers and young adults.	Ninth Key	Meg Cabot
author	A Fairly Honourable Defeat is a novel by the British writer and philosopher Iris Murdoch.	A Fairly Honourable Defeat	Iris Murdoch
author	The Brave Cowboy (1956) was Edward Abbey's second published novel (as detailed in James M. Cahalan's biography of Abbey).	The Brave Cowboy	Edward Abbey
author	Eve's Diary is a comic short story by Mark Twain.	Eve's Diary	Mark Twain
author	America in the King Years is a three-volume history of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the Civil Rights Movement by Taylor Branch, which he wrote between 1982 and 2006.	America in the King Years	Taylor Branch
author	Nightmare Abbey was a novella by Thomas Love Peacock, and his third long work of fiction to be published.	Nightmare Abbey	Thomas Love Peacock
author	The Color Purple is a 1982 epistolary novel by American author Alice Walker that won the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Award for Fiction.	The Color Purple	Alice Walker
author	John Locke's Of the Conduct of the Understanding describes how to think clearly and rationally.	Of the Conduct of the Understanding	John Locke
author	The Door to December is a novel by author Dean Koontz, released in 1985.	The Door to December	Dean Koontz
author	Epistulae ex Ponto (Letters from the Black Sea) is a work of Ovid, in four books.	Epistulae ex Ponto	Ovid
author	The Power of Darkness (Russian: Власть тьмы, Vlast' t'my) is a five-act drama by Leo Tolstoy.	The Power of Darkness	Leo Tolstoy
author	Schindler's Ark (released in America as Schindler's List) is a Booker Prize-winning novel published in 1982 by Australian novelist Thomas Keneally, which was later adapted into the highly successful movie Schindler's List directed by Steven Spielberg.	Schindler's Ark	Thomas Keneally
author	Know Ye Not Agincourt? by Leslie Barringer is a historical novel set in fifteenth century England and France.	Know Ye Not Agincourt?	Leslie Barringer
author	The Fall of the Pagoda (Chinese: 雷峰塔; pinyin: Léi Fēng Tǎ) is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Eileen Chang.	The Fall of the Pagoda	Eileen Chang
author	Think and Grow Rich was written in 1937 by Napoleon Hill and is a personal development and self-improvement book.	Think and Grow Rich	Napoleon Hill
author	Gösta Berling's Saga (Swedish: Gösta Berlings saga) is the debut novel of Swedish author Selma Lagerlöf, published in 1891.	Gösta Berling's Saga	Selma Lagerlöf
author	New Writings in SF 30 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer, the ninth volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator, John Carnell, and the final volume in the series.	New Writings in SF 30	Kenneth Bulmer
author	The Economic Consequences of the Peace (1919) is a book written and published by John Maynard Keynes.	The Economic Consequences of the Peace	John Maynard Keynes
author	Puck of Pook's Hill is a fantasy book by Rudyard Kipling, published in 1906, containing a series of short stories set in different periods of English history.	Puck of Pook's Hill	Rudyard Kipling
author	Defensio pro Populo Anglicano is a Latin polemic by John Milton, published in 1651.	Defensio pro Populo Anglicano	John Milton
author	Midworld (1975) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster.	Midworld	Alan Dean Foster
author	The Dark Lord of Derkholm, simply Dark Lord of Derkholm in the United States, is a fantasy novel by the British author Diana Wynne Jones, published autumn 1998 in both the U.K. and the U.S. It won the 1999 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Children's Literature.	Dark Lord of Derkholm	Diana Wynne Jones
author	Spike and Suzy (British title) or Willy and Wanda (American title; Dutch: Suske en Wiske, French: Bob et Bobette) is a Belgian comics series created by the comics author Willy Vandersteen.	Spike and Suzy	Willy Vandersteen
author	Toward a Meaningful Life is a book authored by Chabad Hasidic writer Simon Jacobson.	Toward a Meaningful Life	Simon Jacobson
author	Entre Marx y una Mujer Desnuda (Between Marx and a Nude Woman) is a 1976 novel written by the Ecuadorian poet Jorge Enrique Adoum.	Entre Marx y una Mujer Desnuda	Jorge Enrique Adoum
author	The Heart of Jade (Spanish: El corazón de piedra verde) is a novel by Spanish author Salvador de Madariaga, first published in 1942.	The Heart of Jade	Salvador de Madariaga
author	The Unconquerable is a short story traditionally credited to Thomas Hardy, though its true authorship has long been the subject of controversy.	The Unconquerable	Thomas Hardy
author	The King's Orchard is an historical novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888--1982) based upon the life of James O'Hara (1752?--1819), an American industrialist.	The King's Orchard	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
author	Essay on the Origin of Languages (French: Essai sur l'origine des langues) is an essay by Jean-Jacques Rousseau published posthumously in 1781.	Essay on the Origin of Languages	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
author	On the Chersonese is a political oration delivered by the Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes in 341 BC. A short time later Demosthenes delivered one of his most famous speeches, the Third Philippic.	On the Chersonese	Demosthenes
author	Petals of Blood is a novel written by Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o and first published in 1977.	Petals of Blood	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
author	The ABC of Communism (Russian: Азбука коммунизма Azbuka Kommunizma) is a book written by Nikolai Bukharin and Yevgeni Preobrazhensky in 1919, during the Russian Civil War.	The ABC of Communism	Nikolai Bukharin	Yevgeni Preobrazhensky
author	A Brief History of Chinese Fiction (Chinese: 中國小說史略; pinyin: Zhongguo xiaoshuo shilue) is a book written by Lu Xun as a survey of traditional Chinese fiction.	A Brief History of Chinese Fiction	Lu Xun
author	Vampire Lesbians of Sodom is a satirical play written by Charles Busch.	Vampire Lesbians of Sodom	Charles Busch
author	The Canon of Judo is a book was originally published in 1956, and written by Kodokan 10th dan, Kyuzo Mifune (1883-1965).	The Canon of Judo	Kyuzo Mifune
author	Fire Angels is a 1998 fantasy fiction novel by Jane Routley.	Fire Angels	Jane Routley
author	4.50 from Paddington is a detective fiction novel by Agatha Christie, first published in November 1957.	4.50 from Paddington	Agatha Christie
author	Introducing Kafka, also known as R. Crumb's Kafka, is an illustrated biography of Franz Kafka by David Zane Mairowitz and Robert Crumb.	Introducing Kafka	David Zane Mairowitz
author	Terra Obscura is a 2003 comic book miniseries spin off from Alan Moore's Tom Strong series.	Terra Obscura	Alan Moore
author	Kiss the Dust is a book written by Elizabeth Laird on the conflicts between the Kurds and the then Saddam Hussein-led Iraqis.	Kiss the Dust	Elizabeth Laird
author	The Golden Egg (Dutch: Het Gouden Ei), published as The Vanishing in English-speaking countries, is a psychological thriller novella written by Dutch author Tim Krabbé, first published in 1984.	The Golden Egg	Tim Krabbé
author	Riverworld is a fictional planet and the setting for a series of science fiction books written by Philip José Farmer (1918-2009).	Riverworld	Philip José Farmer
author	Joris of the Rock is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer, the second book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle.	Joris of the Rock	Leslie Barringer
author	A Place of Safety is a crime novel by Caroline Graham, the sixth in her popular Chief Inspector Barnaby series, which has been adapted into the successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders.	A Place of Safety	Caroline Graham
author	The Book of the Damned was the first published nonfiction work of the author Charles Fort (first edition 1919).	The Book of the Damned	Charles Fort
author	La Symphonie pastorale is a French novella written by André Gide published in 1919.	La Symphonie pastorale	André Gide
author	Death and the Dervish (Serbo-Croatian: Derviš i smrt/Дервиш и смрт) is a novel by Yugoslav/Bosnian writer Meša Selimović, published in 1966.	Death and the Dervish	Meša Selimović
author	Life After God is a collection of short stories by Douglas Coupland, published in 1994.	Life After God	Douglas Coupland
author	Meta 4 is a five-issue comic book series by Ted McKeever published by ShadowLine.	Meta 4	Ted McKeever
author	Elsewhen (1941) is a novella by Robert A. Heinlein, concerning time travel and parallel universes.	Elsewhen	Robert A. Heinlein
author	The Sunbird is a 1972 novel by Wilbur Smith about an archeological dig. The novel was a favourite of Smith's, who claimed it was heavily influenced by H. Rider Haggard.	The Sunbird	Wilbur Smith
author	Den svenska sångboken (``The Swedish Song book'') is a 1997 Swedish book with 331 songs (in 2003 a new version with 365 songs was published), written by Anders Palm and Johan Stenström.	Den svenska sångboken	Anders Palm
author	Letters to a Young Mathematician (ISBN 0-465-08231-9) is a 2006 book by Ian Stewart, and is part of Basic Books' Art of Mentoring series.	Letters to a Young Mathematician	Ian Stewart
author	The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain is a collection of short high fantasy stories for children by Lloyd Alexander.	The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain	Lloyd Alexander
author	Times Without Number is a time travel/alternate history novel by John Brunner.	Times Without Number	John Brunner
author	Glass People is the second novel written by American writer Gail Godwin.	Glass People	Gail Godwin
author	Hunches in Bunches is a children's book written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Random House on October 12, 1982.	Hunches in Bunches	Dr. Seuss
author	The Three Robbers is a children's book by Tomi Ungerer.	The Three Robbers	Tomi Ungerer
author	Practical Ethics (1979; second edition 1993; third edition 2011) is an introduction to applied ethics by bioethical philosopher Peter Singer.	Practical Ethics	Peter Singer
author	Transmetropolitan is a cyberpunk, transhumanist comic book series written by Warren Ellis, co-created and designed by Darick Robertson, and published by DC Comics.	Transmetropolitan	Darick Robertson
author	Hard Freeze is a 2002 novel by American writer Dan Simmons.	Hard Freeze	Dan Simmons
author	I, the Jury is the 1947 debut novel of American crime-fiction writer Mickey Spillane, the first work to feature private investigator Mike Hammer.	I, the Jury	Mickey Spillane
author	A Bird in the House, first published in 1970, is a short story sequence written by Margaret Laurence.	A Bird in the House	Margaret Laurence
author	The Armourer's House is a children's historical novel by Rosemary Sutcliff and first published in 1951.	The Armourer's House	Rosemary Sutcliff
author	Buckdancer's Choice (1965) is a collection of poems by James Dickey.	Buckdancer's Choice	James Dickey
author	The Cluetrain Manifesto is a work of business literature collaboratively authored by Rick Levine, Christopher Locke, Doc Searls, and David Weinberger.	The Cluetrain Manifesto	Christopher Locke	Doc Searls	David Weinberger
author	A Dialogue Concerning Oratorical Partitions, also called De Partitione Oratoria Dialogus, Partitiones Oratoriae, or De Partitionbus Oratoriae, translated to be ``On the subdivisions of oratory'' -- is a rhetorical treatise, written by Cicero.	A Dialogue Concerning Oratorical Partitions	Cicero
author	The Baroque Cycle is a series of novels by American writer Neal Stephenson.	The Baroque Cycle	Neal Stephenson
author	Historias de los señores Moc y Poc is an Argentine children's book by Luis Pescetti.	Historias de los señores Moc y Poc	Luis Pescetti
author	Lebensrückblick (English: Looking Back) is an autobiographical text written by Lou Andreas-Salomé and compiled by Ernst Pfeiffer, who edited and published Andreas-Salomé's literary remains in 1951, some 15 years after her death.	Lebensrückblick	Lou Andreas-Salomé
author	Elvis and Gladys (ISBN 1-57806-634-4) is a biography of rock and roll singer Elvis Presley by author and film industry insider, Elaine Dundy.	Elvis and Gladys	Elaine Dundy
author	The Million Dollar Kick is a children's story written by American novelist Dan Gutman, another installment in the Million Dollar book series, following The Million Dollar Shot.	The Million Dollar Kick	Dan Gutman
author	Natural Law and Natural Rights is a 1980 book by philosopher John Finnis, a seminal contribution to the philosophy of law and a restatement of natural law doctrine.	Natural Law and Natural Rights	John Finnis
author	The Lake of Dead Languages is the 2002 mystery debut novel of writer Carol Goodman, who won the Hammett Prize for her 2004 book The Seduction of Water.	The Lake of Dead Languages	Carol Goodman
author	Fugitive Pieces is a novel by Canadian poet Anne Michaels.	Fugitive Pieces	Anne Michaels
author	My Dateless Diary is a collection of autobiographical essays by R. K. Narayan published in 1960.	My Dateless Diary	R. K. Narayan
author	Dragonvarld is a trilogy of fantasy novels by Margaret Weis.	Dragonvarld	Margaret Weis
author	Due to Lack of Interest, Tomorrow Has Been Canceled is a 1969 book by Irene Kampen, an account of her return to school at the University of Wisconsin--	Due to Lack of Interest, Tomorrow Has Been Canceled	Irene Kampen
author	``The Ugly Duckling'' (Danish: Den grimme ælling) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805 -- 1875).	The Ugly Duckling	Hans Christian Andersen
author	In One Person is a 2012 novel by American author John Irving, his 13th since 1968.	In One Person	John Irving
author	Broučci is a classic children's book by Jan Karafiát published in the Czech language in the early 1870s.	Broučci	Jan Karafiát
author	Historia Regum Britanniae (English: The History of the Kings of Britain) is a pseudohistorical account of British history, written around 1136 by Geoffrey of Monmouth.	Historia Regum Britanniae	Geoffrey of Monmouth
author	Tamerlane and Other Poems is the first published work by American writer Edgar Allan Poe.	Tamerlane and Other Poems	Edgar Allan Poe
author	25 Images of a Man's Passion, or The Passion of a Man is the first wordless novel by Flemish artist Frans Masereel (1889--1972), first published in 1918 under the French title 25 images de la passion d'un homme.	25 Images of a Man's Passion	Frans Masereel
author	The Calcutta Chromosome is a 1995 English-language novel by Indian author Amitav Ghosh.	The Calcutta Chromosome	Amitav Ghosh
author	India's Global Powerhouses - How They Are Taking on the World is a 2009 book by Nirmalya Kumar.	India's Global Powerhouses	Nirmalya Kumar
author	The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby is the title of Tom Wolfe's first collected book of essays, published in 1965.	The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby	Tom Wolfe
author	Dynastia Miziołków is a children's novel written by Joanna Olech, illustrated originally by Magda Jasny, and published by Egmont Media Group.	Dynastia Miziołków	Joanna Olech
author	The Seventh Secret is a 1986 novel by Irving Wallace using an alternate history of Adolf Hitler having survived World War II.	The Seventh Secret	Irving Wallace
author	Moominvalley in November (Swedish: Sent i november, 'Late in November'; Finnish: Muumilaakson marraskuu) is the ninth and final book in the Moomin series by Finnish author Tove Jansson, and was first published in both her native Swedish and English in 1971.	Moominvalley in November	Tove Jansson
author	A Woman in Berlin (German: Eine Frau in Berlin) (1959/2003) is an anonymous memoir by a German woman (reputed in 2003 to be journalist Marta Hillers).	A Woman in Berlin	Marta Hillers
author	Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure (popularly known as Fanny Hill) is an erotic novel by English novelist John Cleland first published in London in 1748.	Fanny Hill	John Cleland
author	The Poor Bride (Бедная невеста, Bednaya nevesta) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky, written in 1851 and first published in the No.4, 1852 issue of Moskvityanin magazine.	The Poor Bride	Alexander Ostrovsky
author	The Crystal Singer, or Crystal Singer in the U.S., is a young-adult, science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey, first published by Severn House in 1982.	Crystal Singer	Anne McCaffrey
author	The Gathas (/ˈɡɑːtəz, -tɑːz/; Avestan: Gāθās) are 17 hymns believed to have been composed by Zarathusthra (Zoroaster) himself.	Gathas	Zoroaster
author	Let Us Compare Mythologies is the first poetry book by Canadian poet and songwriter Leonard Cohen.	Let Us Compare Mythologies	Leonard Cohen
author	If Rock & Roll Were a Machine is a young adult novel written by Terry Davis.	If Rock & Roll Were a Machine	Terry Davis
author	Drapier's Letters is the collective name for a series of seven pamphlets written between 1724 and 1725 by the Dean of St Patrick's Cathedral in Dublin, Jonathan Swift, to arouse public opinion in Ireland against the imposition of a privately minted copper coinage that Swift believed to be of inferior quality.	Drapier's Letters	Jonathan Swift
author	The Pot of Gold and Other Stories is a collection of children's short stories written by American author Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman.	The Pot of Gold and Other Stories	Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman
author	The costumed crime-fighter the Blonde Phantom, created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist Syd Shores, debuted in All Select Comics #11 (Fall 1946).	All Select Comics	Stan Lee
author	Balthasar's Odyssey (French: Le Périple de Baldassare) is a 2000 novel by Amin Maalouf set in 17th century Europe and the Levant.	Balthasar's Odyssey	Amin Maalouf
author	The Boy Who Knew Everything is the sequel to Victoria Forester's first book The Girl Who Could Fly.	The Boy Who Knew Everything	Victoria Forester
author	The House of Hunger (ISBN 0-435-90986-X) (1979) is a short story collection by the late Dambudzo Marechera.	The House of Hunger	Dambudzo Marechera
author	The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need is a book written by Andrew Tobias and concerns commonsense rules that the ordinary saver can live by.	The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need	Andrew Tobias
author	Flesh and Fire is the first book in The Vineart War trilogy by Laura Anne Gilman.	Flesh and Fire	Laura Anne Gilman
author	Let's All Kill Constance is a 2002 mystery novel by Ray Bradbury.	Let's All Kill Constance	Ray Bradbury
author	Fire Bringer is a young adult fantasy novel by David Clement-Davies published in 1999, in the United Kingdom and 2000, in the United States.	Fire Bringer	David Clement-Davies
author	Jefferson and His Time is a six-volume biography of US President Thomas Jefferson by American historian Dumas Malone, published between 1948 and 1981.	Jefferson and His Time	Dumas Malone
author	A Beautiful Place to Die is the debut novel of award-winning filmmaker Malla Nunn.	A Beautiful Place to Die	Malla Nunn
author	Mulata de tal is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning novelist Miguel Ángel Asturias.	Mulata de tal	Miguel Ángel Asturias
author	The Real Inspector Hound is a short, one-act play by Tom Stoppard.	The Real Inspector Hound	Tom Stoppard
author	Through Wolf's Eyes is the first book in the Firekeeper Saga by Jane Lindskold.	Through Wolf's Eyes	Jane Lindskold
author	En ménage (English: Married Life) is a novel by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans, first published in February 1881 by Charpentier.	En ménage	Joris-Karl Huysmans
author	Asrar al-Tawhid fi Maghamat al-Sheikh Abusa'id (Arabic: اسرار التوحید فی مقامات ابو سعید‎, ``The Mysteries of Unification'') is a work of 12th century Persian literature about the Sufi mystic Abū-Sa'īd Abul-Khayr.	Asrar al-Tawhid	Abū-Sa'īd Abul-Khayr
author	On further improving party ideological work was the March 8, 1981 concluding speech by Kim Jong-il at the National Meeting of Party Propagandists in North Korea.	On further improving party ideological work	Kim Jong-il
author	Ciudades Desiertas (Empty cities or Deserted Cities) is a 1982 novel written in Spanish by José Agustín.	Ciudades Desiertas	José Agustín
author	Four Children and It is a novel by author Jacqueline Wilson based on the 1902 book Five Children and It by Edith Nesbit.	Four Children and It	Jacqueline Wilson
author	The Secret Circle is a supernatural, young-adult series of books created by L. J. Smith.	The Secret Circle	L. J. Smith
author	Interlopers is a 2001 science fiction novel by Alan Dean Foster.	Interlopers	Alan Dean Foster
author	We Have Never Been Modern is a 1991 book by Bruno Latour, originally published in French as Nous n'avons jamais été modernes :	We Have Never Been Modern	Bruno Latour
author	Nõiduse õpilane (English: Sorcerer's Apprentice / Sorcerer's Disciple / Student of Witchcraft) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi.	Nõiduse õpilane	Karl Ristikivi
author	The Metamorphoses (Latin: Metamorphōseōn librī: ``Books of Transformations'') is a Latin narrative poem by the Roman poet Ovid, considered his magnum opus.	Metamorphoses	Ovid
author	``Stickfighting Days'' is Sierra Leonean writer Olufemi Terry's second short story and the winner of the 2010 Caine Prize for African Writing.	Stickfighting Days	Olufemi Terry
author	A Little Raw on Monday Mornings is an adult novel published by popular young adult author Robert Cormier in 1963.	A Little Raw on Monday Mornings	Robert Cormier
author	Post-Scarcity Anarchism is a collection of essays by Murray Bookchin, first published in 1971 by Ramparts Press.	Post-Scarcity Anarchism	Murray Bookchin
author	Ravished Armenia (full title: Ravished Armenia: The Story of Aurora Mardiganian, the Christian Girl, Who Survived the Great Massacres) is a book written in 1918 by Arshaluys (Aurora) Mardiganian about her experiences in the Armenian Genocide.	Ravished Armenia	Aurora Mardiganian	Aurora) Mardiganian
author	Gens des nuages is a travel journal written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and his wife Jémia.	Gens des nuages	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	The Meaning of Night is the debut novel by author Michael Cox.	The Meaning of Night	Michael Cox
author	The Looking Glass War (1965), by John le Carré, is a spy novel about a British Intelligence agency known as 'The Department' and its attempts to infiltrate an agent into East Germany.	The Looking Glass War	John le Carré
author	Pseudomonarchia Daemonum, or Hierarchy of Demons first appears as an Appendix to Johann Weyer's De praestigiis daemonum (1577).	Pseudomonarchia Daemonum	Johann Weyer
author	Marooned on Eden (1993), is a science fiction novel by Robert L. Forward, collaborating with his wife, Martha Dodson Forward.	Marooned on Eden	Robert L. Forward
author	The Animal Family is a 1965 children's novel by American poet and critic Randall Jarrell and illustrated by noted children's book illustrator Maurice Sendak.	The Animal Family	Randall Jarrell
author	King Leary is a novel by Canadian humorist Paul Quarrington, published in 1987 by Doubleday Canada.	King Leary	Paul Quarrington
author	Henry VI, Part 3 (often written as 3 Henry VI) is a history play by William Shakespeare believed to have been written in 1591, and set during the lifetime of King Henry VI of England.	Henry VI, Part 3	William Shakespeare
author	Culture and Society is a book published in 1958 by Welsh progressive writer Raymond Williams, exploring how the notion of culture developed in the West, especially Great Britain, from the eighteenth through the twentieth centuries.	Culture and Society	Raymond Williams
author	The Christmas Mystery (Norwegian: Julemysteriet) is a Norwegian novel for children by Jostein Gaarder.	The Christmas Mystery	Jostein Gaarder
author	Dandelion Wine is a 1957 novel by Ray Bradbury, taking place in the summer of 1928 in the fictional town of Green Town, Illinois, based upon Bradbury's childhood home of Waukegan, Illinois.	Dandelion Wine	Ray Bradbury
author	``Miss Brill'' is a short story by Katherine Mansfield (1888--1923).	Miss Brill	Katherine Mansfield
author	The Wanderings of Oisin (/oʊˈʃiːn/ oh-SHEEN) is an epic poem published by William Butler Yeats in 1889 in the book The Wanderings of Oisin and Other Poems.	The Wanderings of Oisin	William Butler Yeats
author	Shikari in Galveston is an alternate history short story written by S. M. Stirling.	Shikari in Galveston	S. M. Stirling
author	American Adulterer is a 2009 fictional novel written by Jed Mercurio focusing on the life of 35th President of the United States John Fitzgerald Kennedy, it mainly talks about his extramarital affairs, political ambitions, various physical ailments and his relationship with his wife Jackie and his children.	American Adulterer	Jed Mercurio
author	R.U.R. is a 1920 science fiction play by the Czech writer Karel Čapek.	R.U.R.	Karel Čapek
author	Master of Space and Time is a 1984 novel by Rudy Rucker that centers on an inventor, Harry Gerber, who discovers a way to create his own tailor-made universe.	Master of Space and Time	Rudy Rucker
author	The 35th of May, or Conrad's Ride to the South Seas (Der 35. Mai oder Konrad reitet in die Südsee in German, its original language) is a novel by Erich Kästner, first published in 1931.	The 35th of May, or Conrad's Ride to the South Seas	Erich Kästner
author	Morgoth's Ring (1993) is the tenth volume of Christopher Tolkien's 12-volume series The History of Middle-earth in which he analyses the unpublished manuscripts of his father J. R. R. Tolkien.	Morgoth's Ring	Christopher Tolkien	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Celia en el colegio (``Celia at the school'' or ``Celia at school'') is the second in the series of Celia novels by Elena Fortún, first published in 1932 according to records.	Celia en el colegio	Elena Fortún
author	``Tidal Moon'' is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum and Helen Weinbaum that first appeared in the December 1938 issue of Thrilling Wonder Stories and was reprinted in the collection Interplanetary Odysseys (2006).	Tidal Moon	Stanley G. Weinbaum
author	So You've Been Publicly Shamed (2015) is a book by British journalist Jon Ronson about online shaming and its historical antecedents.	So You've Been Publicly Shamed	Jon Ronson
author	Ultimate Daredevil and Elektra is a four-issue comic book mini-series published by Marvel Comics written by Greg Rucka with art by Salvador Larroca.	Ultimate Daredevil and Elektra	Greg Rucka
author	Host and Guest is an epic poem by the Georgian poet, writer and philosopher Vazha-Pshavela.	Host and Guest	Vazha-Pshavela
author	The Complete Guide to Middle-earth: from The Hobbit to The Silmarillion is a reference book for the fictional universe of J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth, compiled and edited by Robert Foster.	The Complete Guide to Middle-earth	Robert Foster
author	The Candy Shop War (2007) is a children's fantasy novel by Brandon Mull about magic candy.	The Candy Shop War	Brandon Mull
author	The 13 Clocks is a fantasy tale written by James Thurber in 1950, while he was completing one of his other novels.	The 13 Clocks	James Thurber
author	The Serpentwar Saga is a series of fantasy novels set in Midkemia by the author Raymond E. Feist.	The Serpentwar Saga	Raymond E. Feist
author	The Price to Pay is a 2012 autobiography by Joseph Fadelle, an Iraqi man who converted from Islam to Roman Catholicism.	The Price to Pay	Joseph Fadelle
author	Champions of Mystara was designed by Ann Dupuis and Bruce A. Heard, and published by TSR as a boxed set containing eight vehicle blueprints and four poster maps.	Champions of Mystara	Ann Dupuis
author	The Devil's Wind is a historical novel by Manohar Malgonkar that tells the story of Nana Saheb, the heir of the last Peshwa of the Maratha Confederacy, who played a leading role in the Indian Mutiny.	The Devil's Wind	Manohar Malgonkar
author	The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick (German: Die Angst des Tormanns beim Elfmeter) is a 1970 novel by the Austrian writer Peter Handke.	The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick	Peter Handke
author	Evolution and the Theory of Games is a 1982 book by the British evolutionary biologist John Maynard Smith on evolutionary game theory.	Evolution and the Theory of Games	John Maynard Smith
author	The Little White Car, is a novel by British author Dan Rhodes, published under the pen name Danuta de Rhodes in 2004 by Canongate and has been translated into 12 languages.	The Little White Car	Dan Rhodes
author	The Emerald City of Oz is the sixth of L. Frank Baum's fourteen Land of Oz books.	The Emerald City of Oz	L. Frank Baum
author	``Who's Afraid of Peer Review?'' is an article written by Science correspondent John Bohannon that describes his investigation of peer review among fee-charging open access journals.	Who's Afraid of Peer Review?	John Bohannon
author	``The Doom that Came to Sarnath'' (1920) is an early short story by H. P. Lovecraft.	The Doom that Came to Sarnath	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Black Tulip is a historical novel written by Alexandre Dumas, père.	The Black Tulip	Alexandre Dumas
award received	Georg Karck (11 June 1911 in Segeberg -- 3 July 1944, in Normandy) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Georg Karck	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Max Simon (6 January 1899 -- 1 February 1961) was a German SS-Gruppenführer (lieutenant General) und Generalleutnant der Waffen-SS during World War II, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Max Simon	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Francis Octavius Grenfell, VC (4 September 1880 -- 24 May 1915) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross.	Francis Octavius Grenfell	Victoria Cross
award received	Nico Pelamonia (born 16 March 1940) is an Indonesian actor turned film director who won the Citra Award for Best Director in 1976 for his film Semalam di Malaysia.	Nico Pelamonia	Citra Award for Best Director
award received	Mikhail Gluzman (born 5 September 1967, in Kiev, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian-Australian chess International Master (IM) and an experienced chess coach.	Mikhail Gluzman	International Master
award received	The Flip Wilson Show aired through 1974, generating high ratings and popularity among viewers and winning strong critical acclaim, with an unprecedented eleven Emmy Award nominations during its run, winning two.	Flip Wilson	Emmy Award
award received	Hugo Awards, in 1963 for The Dragon Masters, in 1967 for The Last Castle, and in 2010 for his memoir This is Me, Jack Vance!; a Nebula Award in 1966, also for The Last Castle; the Jupiter Award in 1975; the World Fantasy Award in 1990 for Lyonesse:	Jack Vance	Nebula Award
award received	James Thomas Wilson FRS (1861-1945) was a Professor of Anatomy at the University of Cambridge and an elected Fellow of the Royal Society.	James Thomas Wilson	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	As a result of their success in 1919, Percy Holmes and Herbert Sutcliffe were both awarded a Wisden Cricketer of the Year title in 1920.	Herbert Sutcliffe	Wisden Cricketer of the Year
award received	Heinz Nowotnik (29 March 1920 -- 31 May 1999) was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, on the 14 May 1944 while in command of the 14th Machine Gun Company,1st SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment LSSAH (LSSAH).	Heinz Nowotnik	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Lady Harriet Findlay was invested as a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1929 and was styled as Dame Harriet Findlay.	Harriet Findlay	Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	On February 13, 2012, Uggie was named Best Dog in a Theatrical Film at the first Golden Collar Awards, awarded by Dog News Daily.	Uggie	Golden Collar Awards
award received	Sam Perrin (15 August 1901 -- 8 January 1998) was an American Emmy Award-winning screenwriter.	Sam Perrin	Emmy Award
award received	Jeroen Willems (Dutch pronunciation: (jəˈrun ˈʋɪləms); 15 November 1962 -- 3 December 2012) was a Dutch Golden Calf and Louis d'Or winning film, TV, and stage actor and singer.	Jeroen Willems	Louis d'Or
award received	Air Vice-Marshal Abdul Halim Perdanakusuma (18 November 1922 -- 14 December 1947), better known as Halim Perdanakusuma, was an Indonesian airman and National Hero of Indonesia.	Halim Perdanakusuma	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Rosa Hilda Ramos is the second Puerto Rican recipient of the Goldman Environmental Prize, a prestigious award given to grassroots environmentalists from around the world and popularly known as the ``Green Nobel prize''.	Rosa Hilda Ramos	Goldman Environmental Prize
award received	Khushwant Singh was decorated with the Padma Bhushan in 1974.	Khushwant Singh	Padma Bhushan
award received	James H. Fields (June 26, 1920 -- June 17, 1970) was a United States Army captain and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration for valor--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in France during World War II.	James H. Fields	Medal of Honor
award received	Louis Charles César Le Tellier known as the Duke of Estrées (2 July 1695 -- 2 January 1771) was a French military commander and Marshal of France.	Louis Charles César Le Tellier	Marshal of France
award received	1 January 1919 Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George to Lt.-Col. (A./Col.) Andrew George Board, DSO, in recognition of distinguished services rendered during the War.	Andrew George Board	Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George
award received	Hermann Schulte-Heuthaus (15 January 1898 -- 28 December 1979) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery and successful military leadership.	Hermann Schulte-Heuthaus	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Edgar Hovhannisyan, Hovhannisian or Oganesian (Armenian: Էդգար Հովհաննիսյան; January 14, 1930, Yerevan -- December 28, 1998, Yerevan) was an Armenian composer, Professor of Composition at the Yerevan State Conservatory, People's Artist of the USSR (1986).	Edgar Hovhannisyan	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	In 1877, Robert Bunsen together with Gustav Robert Kirchhoff were the first recipients of the prestigious Davy Medal ``for their researches & discoveries in spectrum analysis''.	Robert Bunsen	Davy Medal
award received	The Silent World was the first of Cousteau's documentary films to win an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature;	The Silent World	Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature
award received	Max Hansen (31 July 1908 -- 7 March 1990) was a Standartenführer (Colonel), in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Max Hansen	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Josef Heindl (10 March 1904 -- 10 September 1943) was a German officer who served in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a posthumous recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Josef Heindl	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Lieutenant-Commander Edgar Christopher Cookson VC DSO (13 December 1883 -- 28 September 1915) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Edgar Christopher Cookson	Victoria Cross
award received	Theodore William Richards (January 31, 1868 -- April 2, 1928) was the first American scientist to receive the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, earning the award ``in recognition of his exact determinations of the atomic weights of a large number of the chemical elements.''	Theodore William Richards	Nobel Prize in Chemistry
award received	George Raymond Eisele was awarded a Purple Heart and the Navy Cross.	George Raymond Eisele	Purple Heart
award received	In October 2008, Zarganar was awarded One Humanity Award by PEN Canada of which he is an honorary member.	Zarganar	One Humanity Award
award received	Chloé Mortaud (19 September 1989, born in Lisieux, Calvados) is a French actress and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss France 2009.	Chloé Mortaud	Miss France 2009
award received	Maung Wunna (Burmese: မောင် ဝဏ္ဏ) was a two-time Myanmar Motion Picture Academy Awards-winning Burmese director and writer.	Wunna	Myanmar Motion Picture Academy Awards
award received	Along with American researchers Hamilton Smith and Daniel Nathans, Werner Arber shared the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of restriction endonucleases.	Werner Arber	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	Horst Castka (15 December 1915 -- 14 June 1984) was a Oberwachtmeister and artillery observer in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Horst Castka	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Francisco Trois (born 3 September 1946 in Canoas, Brazil) is a Brazilian chess International Master and International Arbiter (1986).	Francisco Trois	International Master
award received	Karthi's performances in Aayirathil Oruvan and Paiyaa earned him further nominations at the 58th Filmfare Awards South in the Best Actor category.	Karthi	Filmfare Awards South
award received	Maria Kursova (Russian: Мария Курсова, Armenian: Մարիա Կուրսովա; born 3 January 1986 in Severodvinsk) is a Russian-Armenian chess player holding the title of Woman Grandmaster.	Maria Kursova	Woman Grandmaster
cast member	Mrs. Erricker's Reputation is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Cecil M. Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor, Gerald Ames and James Carew.	Mrs. Erricker's Reputation	Alma Taylor
child	The imperial court issued a decree to praise Prince Gong for his effective leadership in the regency that led to the end of the rebellion -- in addition to conferring more prestigious titles on his sons Zaicheng, Zaijun and Zaiying.	Prince Gong	Zaicheng	Zaiying
conflict	Major-General George Glas Sandeman Carey CB (1867-1948) an officer in the British Army who, during World War I, prevented a breakthrough of the German forces to Amiens in the Second Battle of the Somme in 1918 by assembling a scratch force of British and American troops.	George Glas Sandeman Carey	World War I
conflict	Dionysis Diakos (Greek: Διονύσης Διάκος, 1805-1887) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence.	Dionysis Diakos	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Captain Clifford Bowman (born 26 March 1899, date of death unknown) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.	Clifford Bowman	World War I
conflict	Eugène Charles Miroy (November 12, 1828 -- February 12, 1871), also known as Abbé Miroy, was a French Catholic priest who was executed by the Prussian military during the armistice following the Franco-Prussian War.	Eugène Charles Miroy	Franco-Prussian War
conflict	Brigadier Stuart Paul Weir DSO, MC (29 December 1922 -- 3 December 2004) was a senior officer in the Australian Army, seeing service during the Second World War, Korean War, the Malayan Emergency and the Vietnam War.	Stuart Paul Weir	Korean War
conflict	Grossfuss Sturmgewehr was a prototype assault rifle designed during World War II by Kurt Horn at the Grossfuss company (Metall- und Lackwarenfabrik Johannes Großfuß) better known for their contribution to the German arsenal made with the MG 42.	Grossfuss Sturmgewehr	World War II
conflict	Anastasios Papoulas (Greek: Αναστάσιος Παπούλας, 1/13 January 1857 -- 24 April 1935) was a Greek general, most notable as the Greek commander-in-chief during most of the Greco-Turkish War of 1919--22.	Anastasios Papoulas	Greco-Turkish War
conflict	Werner Möller (7 January 1919 -- 22 September 1982) was a highly decorated major in the Wehrmacht during World War II and an oberst in the Bundeswehr.	Werner Möller	World War II
conflict	Colonel Joseph G. Clemons, Jr., United States Army was the First Lieutenant of Company K, 31st Infantry during the Korean War and led the counterattack on Pork Chop Hill.	Joseph G. Clemons	Korean War
conflict	Abel G. Cadwallader (1841 -- July 6, 1907) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Hatcher's Run.	Abel G. Cadwallader	American Civil War
conflict	Gurmukh Singh Saini (IOM, Cr St Geo), a Sikh soldier from the village Gadram Badi of Ropar in district Ambala of the province of Punjab in British India, won the Indian Order of Merit 1st Class in World War I for splendid courage on the battlefield on the night of 1 March 1916.	Gurmukh Singh Saini	World War I
conflict	Julius Riepe (18 December 1903 -- 22 June 1983) was a Sturmbannführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Julius Riepe	World War II
conflict	Charles Cuprill Oppenheimer was a United States Veteran of World War II and the Korean War.	Charles Cuprill Oppenheimer	World War II
conflict	Lieutenant Colonel Teófilo Marxuach, (July 28, 1877 -- November 8, 1939), was the person who ordered the first shots fired in World War I on behalf of the United States on an armed German supply ship trying to force its way out of the San Juan Bay.	Teófilo Marxuach	World War I
conflict	Miervaldis Ādamsons (Latvian: Miervaldis Ādamsons) (29 June 1910 -- 23 August 1946) Latvian military officer who during World War II Joined the Waffen SS and got the rank of Hauptsturmführer.	Miervaldis Ādamsons	World War II
conflict	Following the end of World War II, Władysław Grydziuszko was killed in an accident near Treia, Macerata in Italy on January 29, 1946.	Władysław Grydziuszko	World War II
conflict	James Martinus Schoonmaker, Sr. (June 30, 1842 -- October 11, 1927), was a German American Colonel in the Union Army in the American Civil War and a vice-president of the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad.	James Martinus Schoonmaker	American Civil War
conflict	While he was in Astrakhan during the Russian Civil War, he was saved from drowning in a steamer sunk by a British gunboat by his friend, Sergei Khudyakov, who was later be killed fighting the Whites.	Sergei Khudyakov	Russian Civil War
conflict	SS Lane Victory is an American WW2 Victory-class cargo ship used in World War II, the Korean War and Vietnam War.	SS Lane Victory	World War II
conflict	Charles McAnally (May 12, 1836 -- 1905) was an officer in the Union Army who received the United States military's highest award for bravery, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in the American Civil War.	Charles McAnally	American Civil War
conflict	Eyre Massey, 1st Baron Clarina (24 May 1719 -- 17 May 1804), was an Anglo-Irish British army officer of the 18th century, known primarily for his successful action at La Belle-Famille during the French and Indian War.	Eyre Massey, 1st Baron Clarina	French and Indian War
conflict	Walter Bestmann (2 October 1907 -- 17 June 1958) was an Oberführer (Senior Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Walter Bestmann	World War II
conflict	Robert Ould (January 31, 1820 -- December 15, 1882) was a lawyer who served as a Confederate official during the American Civil War.	Robert Ould	American Civil War
conflict	John Keough (born 1835; date of death unknown) was a Union Army officer in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	John Keough	American Civil War
conflict	Cleveland Winslow (May 26, 1836 -- July 7, 1864) was a United States Army officer who served with the 5th New York Volunteer Infantry, otherwise known as the famed Duryee's Zouaves, during the American Civil War.	Cleveland Winslow	American Civil War
conflict	Hiram Gregory Berry (August 27, 1824 -- May 2, 1863) was an American politician and general in the Army of the Potomac during the American Civil War.	Hiram Gregory Berry	American Civil War
conflict	Thus, when the Battle of Surabaya continued, Moestopo was no longer in command.	Moestopo	Battle of Surabaya
conflict	Othniel Tripp (1826 -- unknown) was a sailor in the U.S. Navy stationed aboard the USS Seneca (1861) during the American Civil War.	Othniel Tripp	American Civil War
conflict	During the Conquest of Mecca in 630, Muhammad asked Ali to guarantee that the conquest would be bloodless.	Ali	Conquest of Mecca
conflict	Fritz Darges (8 February 1913 -- 25 October 2009) was an Obersturmbannführer (lieutenant colonel) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Fritz Darges	World War II
conflict	Lieutenant James Dudley Beane was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.	James Dudley Beane	World War I
conflict	Oberst Günther Freiherr von Maltzahn (20 October 1910 -- 24 June 1953) was a German World War II Luftwaffe Flying ace and Geschwaderkommodore of Jagdgeschwader 53 (JG 53) and a winner of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Günther Freiherr von Maltzahn	World War II
conflict	When the general mobilization prior the First Balkan War was declared in September 1912 Konstantin Zhostov was appointed Chief of Staff of the 3rd Army and as such was at the heart of the Bulgarian victories at Lozengrad and Lüleburgaz.	Konstantin Zhostov	First Balkan War
conflict	Franz Pöschl (2 November 1917 -- 25 January 2011) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Generalleutnant in the Bundeswehr.	Franz Pöschl	World War II
conflict	John Travers Cornwell VC (8 January 1900 -- 2 June 1916), commonly known as Jack Cornwell or as Boy Cornwell, is remembered for his gallantry at the Battle of Jutland.	Jack Cornwell	Battle of Jutland
conflict	Edwin M. Truell (August 19, 1841 -- October 12, 1907) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War who received the Medal of Honor.	Edwin M. Truell	American Civil War
conflict	Hanns-Horst von Necker (28 August 1903 -- 27 February 1979) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Luftwaffe during World War II who commanded the Fallschirm-Panzer Division 1 Hermann Göring.	Hanns-Horst von Necker	World War II
conflict	After World War II up until the fifties, Ernst-Wilhelm Reinert pursued a career in business.	Ernst-Wilhelm Reinert	World War II
conflict	William Steinmetz (September 2, 1847 in Newport, Kentucky -- June 10, 1903) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War who received America's highest military decoration the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Vicksburg, Mississippi.	William Steinmetz	American Civil War
conflict	José Solchaga Zala (1881, Aberin, Navarre - 1953) was a Spanish general who fought for the Nationalists in the Spanish Civil War.	José Solchaga	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Général Armand Pinsard (28 May 1887 -- 10 May 1953), Chevalier, Officer, Commander, and Grand Officer of the Légion d'honneur, Croix de Guerre with 19 palms, Médaille militaire, British Military Cross, Italian Military Medal, Moroccan Medal, was a World War I fighter ace credited with 27 victories.	Armand Pinsard	World War I
constellation	WISE J035000.32−565830.2 (designation abbreviated to WISE 0350−5658) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y1, located in constellation Reticulum, the nearest known star/brown dwarf in this constellation.	WISE 0350−5658	Reticulum
continent	Larsen Inlet is an inlet, formerly ice-filled, 12 nautical miles (22 km) long in a north--south direction and 7 nautical miles (13 km) wide, between Cape Longing and Cape Sobral along the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Larsen Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Mount Persenk (Bulgarian: връх Персенк, ``Vrah Persenk'' \'vr&h per-'senk\) is the rounded, ice-covered peak rising to 1700 m in Lovech Heights on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Mount Persenk	Antarctica
continent	Mount Campleman is a flat-topped, projecting-type mountain in Antarctica, 1,970 metres (6,460 ft) high, along the north edge of Mackin Table, 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Stout Spur, in the Patuxent Range, Pensacola Mountains.	Mount Campleman	Antarctica
continent	Shmidt Subglacial Basin is a large subglacial basin situated southward of Knox Coast in East Antarctica.	Shmidt Subglacial Basin	Antarctica
continent	The Fokker Rocks (78°4′S 155°10′W) are rock outcrops just south of Mount Schlossbach in the Rockefeller Mountains of Edward VII Peninsula, Antarctica.	Fokker Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Guard Glacier (71°1′S 62°10′W) is a broad tributary glacier that drains east along the southern margin of Parmelee Massif to join Murrish Glacier, on the east side of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Guard Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Grivitsa Ridge (Bulgarian: Гривишки хребет, ``Grivishki Hrebet'' \'gri-vish-ki 'hre-bet\) is the mostly ice-free ridge extending 6.4 km in northwest-southeast direction, 3 km wide and rising to 1100 m (Batkun Peak) on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Grivitsa Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Chan Rocks (72°45′S 160°30′E) are a group of rocks along an ice bluff situated 5 nautical miles (9 km) southeast of Miller Butte in the Outback Nunataks, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Chan Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Frolov Ridge (70°45′S 162°9′E) is a prominent ridge about 11 nautical miles (20 km) long, trending north--south, located just west of Arruiz Glacier in the Bowers Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Frolov Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Branscomb Glacier (78°32′S 86°05′W) is an Antarctic glacier, 9.5 km (6 mi) long, flowing west from the north-west side of Vinson Massif (the highest point in Antarctica) into Nimitz Glacier, in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains.	Branscomb Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Fasettfjellet (72°33′S 2°59′W) is a mountain, 2,425 metres (7,960 ft) high, standing north of Flogstallen in the northeast part of the Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Fasettfjellet	Antarctica
continent	Nichols Snowfield (69°25′S 71°5′W) is a snowfield, 22 nautical miles (41 km) long and 8 nautical miles (15 km) wide, bounded by the Rouen Mountains and Elgar Uplands to the east and Lassus Mountains to the west, in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Nichols Snowfield	Antarctica
continent	Divotino Point (Bulgarian: нос Дивотино, ``Nos Divotino'' \'nos di-'vo-ti-no\) is a sharp, low ice-free point on the southeast coast of Alfatar Peninsula on Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica projecting 200 m into Mitchell Cove.	Divotino Point	Antarctica
continent	Kvinge Peninsula (71°10′S 61°10′W) is a snow-covered peninsula at the north side of Palmer Inlet terminating in Cape Bryant, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Kvinge Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	The Monteath Hills (72°6′S 166°30′E) are a group of mountains in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica, bounded by Jutland Glacier, Midway Glacier, Pearl Harbor Glacier, and Plata Glacier.	Monteath Hills	Antarctica
continent	Tilt Rock (70°27′S 68°44′W) is an isolated rock peak, rising to about 670 m, situated 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) inland from the George VI Ice Shelf of George VI Sound and 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of Block Mountain in eastern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Tilt Rock	Antarctica
continent	Inferno Ridge (79°26′S 84°13′W) is a narrow ridge, 8 miles (13 km) long, rising between Schneider Glacier and Rennell Glacier in the Heritage Range, Antarctica.	Inferno Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Predel Point (Bulgarian: нос Предел, ``Nos Predel'' \'nos pre-'del\) is a point on the northwest coast of Fournier Bay in Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica separating the termini of Rhesus Glacier to the north and Thamyris Glacier 4 km to the south.	Predel Point	Antarctica
continent	The Melvold Nunataks (72°51′S 74°9′E) are a group of small nunataks located 14 nautical miles (26 km) west of Mount Harding in the Grove Mountains of Antarctica.	Melvold Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Benin (/bᵻˈniːn/ bǝ-NEEN or /bᵻˈnɪn/ bǝ-NIN; French: Bénin), officially the Republic of Benin (French: République du Bénin) and formerly Dahomey, is a country in West Africa.	Benin	Africa
continent	Berwick Glacier (84°36′S 165°45′E) is a tributary glacier, 14 nautical miles (26 km) long, flowing southeast between the Marshall Mountains and the Adams Mountains to enter Beardmore Glacier at Willey Point in Antarctica.	Berwick Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Whistle Pass (69°47′S 70°25′W) is a snow pass at about 1,050 m at the head of Sullivan Glacier in north Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Whistle Pass	Antarctica
continent	Mercator Ice Piedmont (68°37′S 65°30′W) is a gently-sloping ice piedmont at the head of Mobiloil Inlet, formed by the confluence of the Gibbs, Lammers, Cole and Weyerhaeuser Glaciers in eastern Graham Land, Antarctica.	Mercator Ice Piedmont	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lanzerotti (74°50′S 71°33′W) is the northernmost of the Sky-Hi Nunataks, rising to about 1,550 metres (5,100 ft) in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Mount Lanzerotti	Antarctica
continent	Cape Jeremy is a cape marking the east side of the north entrance to George VI Sound and the west end of a line dividing Graham Land and Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Cape Jeremy	Antarctica
continent	Heezen Glacier (72°45′S 61°18′W) is a glacier flowing northeast from the eastern portion of the Wegener Range and entering Violante Inlet east of Mount Reynolds, on the Black Coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Heezen Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Rush Glacier (64°23′S 62°37′W) is a glacier in Antarctica.	Rush Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Hjort Massif is a salient mountain rising to about 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) at the northeast end of the Wilson Mountains, on the south side of Hilton Inlet, on the Bowman Coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Hjort Massif	Antarctica
continent	Hoggestabben Butte (72°0′S 3°58′E) is a prominent butte, 2,410 metres (7,900 ft) high, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) north of Mount Hochlin and being its highest northern outlier, in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Hoggestabben Butte	Antarctica
continent	Cape MacKay (77°42′S 168°31′E) is an ice-covered cape which forms the southeastern extremity of Ross Island, Antarctica.	Cape MacKay	Antarctica
continent	Mount Athelstan (70°10′S 69°16′W) is a prominent, partly ice-covered mountain, 1,615 metres (5,300 ft) high, at the north side of Trench Glacier on a spur which extends east from Douglas Range on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Athelstan	Antarctica
continent	Grant Island is an ice-covered island, 37 kilometres (20 nmi) long and 19 kilometres (10 nmi) wide, lying 9 km (5 nmi) east of the smaller Shepard Island off the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Grant Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount Frustum (73°23′S 162°55′E) is a large pyramidal shaped table mountain, 3,100 metres (10,200 ft) high, standing between Mount Fazio and Scarab Peak in the southern part of Tobin Mesa, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Frustum	Antarctica
continent	Galdhøpiggen is the highest mountain in Norway, Scandinavia and Northern Europe, at 2,469 m (8,100 ft) above sea level.	Galdhøpiggen	Europe
continent	Giants Cirque (67°17′S 67°17′W) is a large cirque on the west side of the Tyndall Mountains which opens to the southwest to Vallot Glacier, on Arrowsmith Peninsula, Loubet Coast, Antarctica.	Giants Cirque	Antarctica
continent	Mount Garan (67°32′S 98°56′E) is a mountain marked by a cluster of small peaks, rising 9 nautical miles (17 km) southwest of Mount Strathcona near the head of Denman Glacier in Antarctica.	Mount Garan	Antarctica
continent	The Gervaize Rocks are a group of rocks about 3 nautical miles (6 km) north-northeast of Cape Ducorps, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.	Gervaize Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Killer Nunatak (71°54′S 160°28′E) is a granite nunatak, 2,080 metres (6,820 ft) high, near the center of the Emlen Peaks, 5 nautical miles (9 km) northwest of Mount Phelan, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica.	Killer Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Gran (76°59′S 160°58′E) is a large flat-topped mountain, 2,235 metres (7,330 ft) high, standing at the north side of Mackay Glacier and immediately west of Gran Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Gran	Antarctica
continent	The Laseron Islands are a chain of small ice-capped and rocky islands lying 6 kilometres (3 nmi) east of Cape Denison in Commonwealth Bay, Antarctica.	Laseron Islands	Antarctica
continent	Kappa Island (64°19′S 63°0′W) is an island, nearly 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km) long, lying immediately south of Beta Island and close east of the Theta Islands in the Melchior Islands of the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Kappa Island	Antarctica
continent	Etar Snowfield (Bulgarian: Ледник Етър \'led-nik 'e-t&r\, Lednik Etar) is a roughly crescent-shaped snowfield on western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica situated west of Urdoviza, Medven and Berkovitsa Glaciers, and northwest of Verila Glacier.	Etar Snowfield	Antarctica
continent	Mount Gray (75°1′S 136°42′W) is a rounded, ice-worn mountain on the southwest part of the McDonald Heights in coastal Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Gray	Antarctica
continent	Kitchen Point is a rocky point at the east end of Tirizis Island off the east coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Kitchen Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Harding is the largest mountain in the Grove Mountains of Antarctica, in the south-central part of the range and about 4 nautical miles (7 km) west of Gale Escarpment.	Mount Harding	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lagally (67°9′S 67°6′W) is a mountain standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) south of Vanni Peak in the Dorsey Mountains, on Arrowsmith Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Mount Lagally	Antarctica
continent	Crohn Massif (70°27′S 64°57′E) is a large, domed massif in Antarctica, 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Mount Kirkby in the Porthos Range, Prince Charles Mountains.	Crohn Massif	Antarctica
continent	Fourier Island is a small rocky island 100 metres (0.05 nmi) off the coast and 1.4 kilometres (0.75 nmi) east-northeast of Cape Mousse, Antarctica.	Fourier Island	Antarctica
continent	The Admiralty Mountains (alternatively Admiralty Range) is a large group of high mountains and individually named ranges and ridges in northeastern Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Admiralty Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hazlett (72°6′S 167°35′E) is a mountain, 2,080 metres (6,820 ft) high, at the south side of the mouth of Montecchi Glacier where the latter enters Tucker Glacier, in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Hazlett	Antarctica
continent	Alph Lake lies at the foot of Ward Valley on the north-west side of Koettlitz Glacier, Scott Coast, Antarctica.	Alph Lake	Antarctica
continent	The Homerun Range (71°40′S 166°35′E) is a northwest-trending mountain range, 45 km (28 mi) long and 3 to 11 km (2 to 7 mi) wide, located east of Everett Range at the heads of the Ebbe and Tucker glaciers in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Homerun Range	Antarctica
continent	Mount Weininger is a large, mainly ice-free mountain in Antarctica, 1,970 m, standing at the north extremity of Mackin Table, to which it is joined by a short ridge, in the Patuxent Range, Pensacola Mountains.	Mount Weininger	Antarctica
continent	Long Glacier (72°30′S 96°43′W) is a glacier about 8 nautical miles (15 km) long in the southeastern part of Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Long Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Vanuatu is not a member of Interpol, along with 11 other countries mainly in Oceania.	Vanuatu	Oceania
continent	The Dent de Crolles hosts one of the most complex and vast cave systems in Europe.	Dent de Crolles	Europe
continent	The Shackleton Range is a mountain range in Antarctica.	Shackleton Range	Antarctica
continent	Renaud Island is an ice-covered island, 40 km (25 mi) long and from 6.4 to 16.1 km (4 to 10 mi) (average 11.3 km (7 mi)) wide, lying between the Pitt Islands and Rabot Island in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica.	Renaud Island	Antarctica
continent	Horteriset Dome (72°5′S 12°22′E) is a broad ice covered hill about 13 nautical miles (24 km) west of the southern part of the Weyprecht Mountains in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Horteriset Dome	Antarctica
continent	Metropolitan France (French: France métropolitaine or la Métropole) is the part of France located in Europe.	Metropolitan France	Europe
continent	Pliska Ridge (Vrah Pliska \'vr&h 'pli-ska\) is a three-peaked ridge rising to 667 m in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Pliska Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Central Masson Range (67°50′S 62°52′E) is the central segment of the three parts of the Masson Range, Antarctica.	Central Masson Range	Antarctica
continent	The Inland Forts (77°37′S 161°8′E) are a line of peaks extending between Northwest Mountain and Saint Pauls Mountain, in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Inland Forts	Antarctica
continent	Radnevo Peak (Vrah Radnevo \'vr&h 'rad-ne-vo\) is a peak of elevation 481 m forming the southwest extremity of Vidin Heights on Varna Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Radnevo Peak	Antarctica
continent	Jezek Glacier (77°59′S 162°13′E) is a glacier on the southeast side of Platform Spur, flowing northeast into Emmanuel Glacier in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Jezek Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Hulbe Glacier (73°47′S 125°55′W) is a glacier about 10 nautical miles (20 km) long draining the north side of Siple Island, Antarctica.	Hulbe Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Debren Pass (Bulgarian: проход Дебрен, ``Prohod Debren'' \'pro-hod 'de-bren\) is the ice-covered saddle of elevation 2100 m on the east side of Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica separating Mount Jumper from the side ridge descending via Evans Peak.	Debren Pass	Antarctica
continent	Kubbestolen Peak (71°47′S 8°54′E) is a bare rock peak, 2,070 metres (6,800 ft) high, at the northwest end of Vinten-Johansen Ridge in the Kurze Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kubbestolen Peak	Antarctica
continent	Wildwind Glacier is a substantial mountain glacier in Antarctica, 3 nautical miles (6 km) wide, which flows southward into Alatna Valley, draining both the Staten Island Heights and Mount Razorback areas, in the Convoy Range, Victoria Land.	Wildwind Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Walkabout Rocks is a prominent rock exposure along the coast at the north-eastern extremity of the Vestfold Hills, about 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km; 0.6 mi) south of the Wyatt Earp Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land, Antarctica.	Walkabout Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Morennaya Hill (66°34′S 93°0′E) is a hill rising to 40 metres (130 ft), standing 1 nautical mile (2 km) southwest of Mabus Point on the coast of Antarctica.	Morennaya Hill	Antarctica
continent	Case Island is a roughly circular ice-covered island, 22 kilometres (12 nmi) in diameter, lying off the coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Case Island	Antarctica
continent	Hansen Glacier (78°21′S 84°33′W) is a tributary glacier 10 nautical miles (19 km) long, flowing northeast from Mount Tuck between Veregava Ridge and Doyran Heights to join Dater Glacier west of Dickey Peak, in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Hansen Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Phillips Nunatak (84°45′S 62°35′W) is a nunatak along the edge of a small ice escarpment 7 nautical miles (13 km) north of Mount Wanous in the Patuxent Range, Pensacola Mountains, Queen Elizabeth Land, Antarctica.	Phillips Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Goldsmith Glacier is a glacier flowing west-northwest through the Theron Mountains of Antarctica, 6 nautical miles (11 km) south of Tailend Nunatak.	Goldsmith Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Durrance Inlet (73°50′S 16°30′W) is an ice-filled inlet 10 nautical miles (19 km) north of Veststraumen Glacier along the Princess Martha Coast of Antarctica.	Durrance Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Yugoslavia (Serbo-Croatian, Macedonian, Slovene: Jugoslavija, Југославија) was a country in Southeast Europe during most of the 20th century.	Yugoslavia	Europe
continent	The Chilean South Pole Expedition (2004--2005) was a Chilean expedition to Antarctica organized by the Chilean Navy, Centro de Estudios Científicos and INACh.	Chilean South Pole Expedition	Antarctica
continent	Mercer Ice Stream (84°50′S 145°00′W), formerly Ice Stream A, flows west to Gould Coast to the south of Whillans Ice Stream, Antarctica.	Mercer Ice Stream	Antarctica
continent	Holmes Block (78°13′S 161°35′E) is a blocklike bluff, rising to 1,855 metres (6,090 ft) at the west side of Ruecroft Glacier, 2 nautical miles (4 km) west of Cooke Bluff, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Holmes Block	Antarctica
continent	Mulock Glacier in Antarctica is a heavily crevassed glacier which flows into the Ross Ice Shelf 40 km south of the Skelton Glacier in the Ross Dependency, Antarctica.	Mulock Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Jones Valley (83°55′S 56°50′W) is a snow-covered valley between West Prongs and Elliott Ridge in the southern Neptune Range of the Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica.	Jones Valley	Antarctica
continent	The Haller Rocks (64°4′S 62°6′W) are a small group of rocks in the eastern part of Bouquet Bay, lying 2 nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the southwest end of Liège Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Haller Rocks	Antarctica
continent	The Monk Islands (60°40′S 45°55′W) are a group of very small islands and rocks lying 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) south of Meier Point, off the south coast of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica.	Monk Islands	Antarctica
continent	Hale Glacier (72°13′S 100°33′W) is a glacier about 6 nautical miles (11 km) long, located just east of Mount Simpson on Thurston Island, Antarctica, and flowing southwest to the Abbot Ice Shelf in Peacock Sound.	Hale Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Duseberg Buttress (65°10′S 64°6′W) is a conspicuous rocky cone, 500 metres (1,600 ft) high, standing at the southwest side of Mount Scott on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Duseberg Buttress	Antarctica
continent	Holman Dome (66°27′S 98°54′E) is a dome-shaped nunatak 2 nautical miles (4 km) southwest of Watson Bluff, on the east side of David Island, Antarctica.	Holman Dome	Antarctica
continent	Burris Nunatak (71°47′S 160°27′E) is a nunatak near the northern extremity of the Emlen Peaks, 2 nautical miles (4 km) northwest of Mount Cox, in the Usarp Mountains, a major mountain range situated in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Burris Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Lind Ridge (75°48′S 132°33′W) is a ridge forming the south wall of Coleman Glacier in the Ames Range of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Lind Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Linwood Peak (77°36′S 147°13′W) is an isolated peak on Hershey Ridge, standing 14 nautical miles (26 km) west of Mount Ronne in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Linwood Peak	Antarctica
continent	Hogback Hill (77°29′S 163°37′E) is a rounded mountain, 735 metres (2,410 ft) high, rising just north of Hjorth Hill and 4 nautical miles (7 km) west of Cape Bernacchi, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hogback Hill	Antarctica
continent	Mount Bowles is an ice-covered mountain 822 metres (2,697 ft) high, the summit of Bowles Ridge in the central part of eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Mount Bowles	Antarctica
continent	Iratais Point (Nos Iratais \'nos i-ra-'ta-is\) is a point forming both the south extremity and the vertex of the V-shaped Desolation Island situated in the entrance to Hero Bay, Livingston Island, Antarctica.	Iratais Point	Antarctica
continent	Holdfast Point (66°48′S 66°36′W) is both the northeast side of the entrance to Lallemand Fjord and the northwest side of the entrance to Chepra Cove on Pernik Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated about 12 nautical miles (22 km) southwest of Cape Rey.	Holdfast Point	Antarctica
continent	Sheldon Glacier (67°30′S 68°23′W) is a glacier flowing southeast from Mount Mangin into Ryder Bay, Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	Sheldon Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Martin Reef (67°34′S 65°31′E) is a reef awash, lying 7 nautical miles (13 km) north of the coast of Antarctica and slightly west of Cape Fletcher.	Martin Reef	Antarctica
continent	Jøkulfallet (71°51′S 6°42′E) is a steep ice slope on the north side of Jokulkyrkja Mountain in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Jøkulfallet	Antarctica
continent	Chernoochene Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Черноочене, ``Lednik Chernoochene'' \'led-nik che-rno-'o-che-ne\) is the 5 km long and 2 km wide glacier on Oscar II Coast, Graham Land in Antarctica situated in the southeast foothills of Forbidden Plateau south of Jorum Glacier and northeast of Crane Glacier.	Chernoochene Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Anderson Pyramid (70°46′S 159°56′E) is a distinctive pyramidal peak, the southernmost member of the Bigler Nunataks, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica.	Anderson Pyramid	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lockhart (76°28′S 145°6′W) is a prominent northerly projection from the main massif of the Fosdick Mountains 4 nautical miles (7 km) northeast of Mount Avers, in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Lockhart	Antarctica
continent	Madey Ridge (83°28′S 55°50′W) is a ridge trending northwest from Mount Moffat along the north side of Berquist Ridge in the Neptune Range, Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Madey Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Dinsmoor Glacier (64°22′S 59°59′W) is a glacier flowing from the south edge of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast, Graham Land in Antarctica.	Dinsmoor Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Heitō (69°16′S 39°49′E) is a flat-topped mountain 495 metres (1,620 ft) high on the southeast end of the Langhovde Hills in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mount Heitō	Antarctica
continent	Cape Ryugu (67°58′S 44°2′E) is a rocky cape 7 nautical miles (13 km) northeast of Rakuda Rock on the coast of Queen Maud Land in Antarctica.	Cape Ryugu	Antarctica
continent	Ereby Point (62°38′S 60°27′W) is a point lying 4.5 miles (7.2 km) east-northeast of Hannah Point along the north side of South Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ereby Point	Antarctica
country	Såka (Finnish: Sokoja) is a settlement in the municipality of Kokkola (Karleby in Swedish), in the province of Western Finland.	Såka	Finland
country	Jahn Cernăuți was a German football club from Chernivtsi (then in Austria-Hungary, after in Romania, now in Ukraine).	Jahn Cernăuți	Romania
country	Nova Vas pri Šmarju (Slovene: Nova vas pri Šmarju) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šmarje pri Jelšah in eastern Slovenia.	Nova Vas pri Šmarju	Slovenia
country	The Jägala Waterfall (Estonian: Jägala juga) is a waterfall in Northern Estonia on Jägala River.	Jägala Waterfall	Estonia
country	Seke Rural is a parliamentary constituency within the Seke District of the Mashonaland East Province of Zimbabwe.	Seke Rural	Zimbabwe
country	Qulbəndə (also, Gülbəndə and Gyul’benda) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qulbəndə	Azerbaijan
country	Mnin-Szwedy (ˈmnin ˈʂfɛdɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mnin-Szwedy	Poland
country	Kutas (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkutɒʃ)) is a village in Somogy county, Hungary.	Kutas	Hungary
country	National Medical Library is a medical library established on April 1, 1966 by the Government of India.	National Medical Library	India
country	Dieng Plateau is a marshy plateau that forms the floor of a caldera complex on the Dieng Volcanic Complex near Wonosobo, Central Java, Indonesia.	Dieng Plateau	Indonesia
country	Siepraw (ˈɕepraf) is a village in Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Siepraw	Poland
country	The Garghabazar Caravanserai (Azerbaijani: Qarğabazar karvansarası) is a caravanserai in Qargabazar village of Fuzuli District, Azerbaijan and was built in 1681.	Garghabazar Caravanserai	Azerbaijan
country	Budki Stare (ˈbutki ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Budki Stare	Poland
country	Cardiff Central railway station (Welsh: Caerdydd Canolog) is a major railway station on the South Wales Main Line in Cardiff, United Kingdom and one of two hubs of the city's urban rail network.	Cardiff Central railway station	United Kingdom
country	San Bernardo Tlamimilolpan is a village in the state of Mexico, Mexico.	San Bernardo Tlamimilolpan	Mexico
country	Athe the 2001 India census, Venkarai had a population of 13,447.	Venkarai	India
country	The Hotel Oloffson is an inn in central Port-au-Prince, Haiti.	Hotel Oloffson	Haiti
country	Sidi Daoud (Arabic: سيدي داوود‎) is a town in north-central Algeria, on the west bank of the river of oued Sebaou, a few kilometers downstream from its mouth, in eastern Boumerdès Province.	Sidi Daoud	Algeria
country	Lututów (luˈtutuf) is a village in Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Lututów	Poland
country	The Monument to Felix Dzerzhinsky is a sculpture of Felix Dzerzhinsky, the first chairman of the Cheka, in Dzerzhinsky Park in the city of Ufa in Bashkortostan, Russia.	Monument to Felix Dzerzhinsky	Russia
country	École secondaire Jules-Verne is a public francophone secondary school located in the South Cambie neighbourhood of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	École secondaire Jules-Verne	Canada
country	Spikkestad is a population center in the Røyken municipality in Norway.	Spikkestad	Norway
country	Manukau (/ˈmɑːnᵿˌkaʊ/) or Manukau Central is a suburb of south Auckland, New Zealand, centred on the Manukau City Centre business district.	Manukau	New Zealand
country	Randak (Persian: رندك‎) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Randak	Iran
country	The Schöneich Tunnel is a motorway tunnel in Switzerland, and forms part of the A1L motorway in the city of Zurich between Zurich Schwamendingen and Zurich Letten.	Schöneich Tunnel	Switzerland
country	Tronchetto (also known as Isola nuova, meaning ``New island'') is an artificial island in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy, located at the westernmost tip of the main Venice island.	Tronchetto	Italy
country	Arakaka is a community in the Barima-Waini region of Guyana, standing on the Barima River and 12 miles southerly of Port Kaituma, at an altitude of 63 metres (209 feet).	Arakaka	Guyana
country	Monseñor Óscar Arnulfo Romero International Airport (Aeropuerto Internacional Monseñor Óscar Arnulfo Romero) (IATA: SAL, ICAO: MSLP), previously known as Comalapa International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional de Comalapa); previous Official name El Salvador International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional El Salvador).	Monseñor Óscar Arnulfo Romero International Airport	El Salvador
country	King Law Ka Shuk (Chinese: 敬羅家塾) is a historical building situated in Tai Po Tau Tsuen, Tai Po, New Territories, Hong Kong, China.	King Law Ka Shuk	Hong Kong
country	Andau (Hungarian: Mosontarcsa, Moson-Tarcsa) is a village in Burgenland, Austria, near the border of Hungary.	Andau	Austria
country	Polichnowo (pɔlixˈnɔvɔ) (German: Lichtenwiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Polichnowo	Poland
country	Shanawan ``شنوان'' is one of the biggest villages in Menoufiya Governorate, Egypt.	Shanawan	Egypt
country	The Vegglifjell mountains is a chain of mountains in Buskerud, County, Norway.	Vegglifjell mountains	Norway
country	Wat Phra Yai, known in English as the Big Buddha Temple, is a Buddhist temple on Ko Phan (also spelled Koh Fan or Koh Faan), a small island offshore from the northeastern area of Ko Samui, Thailand, connected to that island by a short causeway 3 km north of Samui International Airport.	Wat Phra Yai	Thailand
country	Nowa Sikorska Huta (ˈnɔva ɕiˈkɔrska ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Sikorska Huta	Poland
country	Boneh-ye Golan (Persian: بنه گلان‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Golān) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Golan	Iran
country	Meymac Abbey (French: Abbaye Saint-André de Meymac) is a 13th-century Benedictine abbey located in Meymac, France.	Meymac Abbey	France
country	The Craik Sustainable Living Project (CSLP) is a nonprofit organization for sustainable development which aims to advance the local use of more ecologically sound technologies and ways of living in rural Saskatchewan, Canada.	Craik Sustainable Living Project	Canada
country	Harjab (Persian: هرجاب‎, also Romanized as Harjāb) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Harjab	Iran
country	Bay of Islands International Academy is a state-funded Year 1-8 New Zealand primary school which opened in January 2013 in the existing buildings and grounds of Te Tii School on the Purerua Peninsula, about 17 km north of Kerikeri township.	Bay of Islands International Academy	New Zealand
country	Seagull Rock is a small islet in south-eastern Australia.	Seagull Rock	Australia
country	Fərcan (also, Fardzhan and Ferdzhan) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Fərcan	Azerbaijan
country	Parnaim (also, Pornaim) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Parnaim	Azerbaijan
country	Tabrizak (Persian: تبريزك‎, also Romanized as Tabrīzak) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Tabrizak	Iran
country	Toubkal or Tubkal (Berber: ⵜⵓⴱⴽⴰⵍ, Tubkal, or ⵜⵓⴱⵇⴰⵍ, Tubqal; Arabic: توبقال‎) is a mountain peak in southwestern Morocco, located in the Toubkal National Park.	Toubkal	Morocco
country	Mukaradeeb is a small village in Iraq near the Syrian border.	Mukaradeeb	Iraq
country	Cheng Shiu University (CSU; Chinese: 正修科技大學) is a private university located in Niaosong District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Cheng Shiu University	Taiwan
country	Sacred Mountain National Park is a national park in Marawi City, Lanao del Sur in Southern Philippines.	Sacred Mountain National Park	Philippines
country	Moskovia Airlines (Russian: Авиакомпания ``Московия'') was an airline based in Zhukovsky, Moscow, Russia.	Moskovia Airlines	Russia
country	Dzwonowice (d͡zvɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Dzwonowice	Poland
country	Narsarsuaq (lit. Great Plan; old spelling: Narssarssuaq) is a settlement in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland.	Narsarsuaq	Greenland
country	Usmania Colony or Osmania Colony (Urdu: عثمانیہ کالونی ‎) is a neighbourhood of Liaquatabad Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Usmania Colony	Pakistan
country	Jalan Syed Putra (formerly Lornie Drive), Federal Route is a major highway in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Jalan Syed Putra	Malaysia
country	Skorno pri Šoštanju (pronounced (ˈskoːɾnɔ pɾi ˈʃoːʃtanju)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šoštanj in northern Slovenia.	Skorno pri Šoštanju	Slovenia
country	Martje Venter Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Tsolwana Local Municipality area in Tarkastad in South Africa.	Martje Venter Hospital	South Africa
country	Alamut-e Pain Rural District (Persian: دهستان الموت پائين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Alamut-e Pain Rural District	Iran
country	Rechytsa District, Rečycki Raion (Belarusian: Рэчыцкі раён) is a district of Gomel Region, in Belarus.	Rechytsa District	Belarus
country	Sabha Air Base is a Libyan Air Force base southeast of Sabha, Libya.	Sabha Air Base	Libya
country	Vecpiebalga Castle (Latvian: Vecpiebalgas pilsdrupas), also called Piebalga Castle, is a bishop's castle in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Vecpiebalga Castle	Latvia
country	Pishdan (Persian: پيشدان‎, also Romanized as Pīshdān) is a village in Gohreh Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pishdan	Iran
country	Istana Bukit Serene is the royal palace and official residence of the Sultan of Johor, located in Johor Bahru, Malaysia.	Istana Bukit Serene	Malaysia
country	The Tone Okrogar Primary School (Osnovna šola Toneta Okrogarja) is a primary school located in Zagorje ob Savi, Slovenia and founded in 1860.	Tone Okrogar Primary School	Slovenia
country	Watson's Mill is an historic flour and gristmill in Manotick, Ontario, Canada.	Watson's Mill	Canada
country	Monte Montona is a low mountain in the western part of the island of São Vicente, Cape Verde.	Monte Montona	Cape Verde
country	Hatun Mach'ay (Quechua hatun big, mach'ay cave, ``big cave'') is a rock forest with archaeological remains in Peru.	Hatun Mach'ay	Peru
country	Churchill Investments Group LLC has more than seven thousand employees around North America and participates in markets around the world, including Canada, the United States, the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Asia, and the Middle East.	Churchill Investments Group	Canada
country	Dragon Mountain is a steel roller coaster located at MarineLand near Niagara Falls, Ontario in Canada Built in 1983 by Arrow Huss, it was the tallest roller coaster in the world before the opening of Magnum XL-200 at Cedar Point.	Dragon Mountain	Canada
country	The Dos Erres massacre of 6 December 1982 took place in Dos Erres, a small village in the municipality of La Libertad, in the northern Petén department of Guatemala.	Dos Erres massacre	Guatemala
country	Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof is a railway station in the city of Bremerhaven in northwestern Germany.	Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Arica (English /əˈriːkə/ uh-REE-kuh) is a commune and a port city with a population of 196,590 in the Arica Province of northern Chile's Arica y Parinacota Region.	Arica	Chile
country	Penguin Island Conservation Park is a protected area occupying Penguin Island and part of Cape Martin on the mainland in Rivoli Bay on the south east coast of South Australia about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) south of Beachport.	Penguin Island Conservation Park	Australia
country	Cimanes del Tejar (Spanish pronunciation: (θiˈmanez ðel teˈxar)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Cimanes del Tejar	Spain
country	Reninge is a town in north-west Belgium in the province of West Flanders with approximately 1,000 inhabitants.	Reninge	Belgium
country	Aqa Mahalleh-ye Bahambar (Persian: اقامحله بهمبر‎, also Romanized as Āqā Maḩalleh-ye Bahambar) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Aqa Mahalleh-ye Bahambar	Iran
country	Stuorrajekna is the largest glacier in Sweden, with an area of 13 km2 (5.0 sq mi).	Stuorrajekna	Sweden
country	Vidingsjö is a district in the south of Linköping, Sweden with a population of 4,297 persons (2010).	Vidingsjö	Sweden
country	North West Delhi is an administrative district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi in India.	North West Delhi	India
country	Phelawagh is a town and tehsil of Dera Bugti District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Phelawagh	Pakistan
country	Okene is a Local Government Area and city in Kogi State, Nigeria based at the town of Okene on the A2 highway.	Okene	Nigeria
country	Los Cortijillos is a village and district of the Spanish municipality of Los Barrios of the Province of Cádiz, Andalucia, Spain.	Los Cortijillos	Spain
country	Teočak (Cyrillic: Теочак) is a town and municipality in the northeastern part Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Teočak	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Altenberg bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track is a venue for bobsleigh, luge and skeleton located in Altenberg, Germany.	Altenberg bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track	Germany
country	The Monument to Christ the King is a white marble structure in the grounds of Saint Patrick's Cathedral, Karachi, Pakistan.	Monument to Christ the King	Pakistan
country	The Gateway Motorway (M2 to Eight Mile Plains and M1 to Pine River) is a major tolled motorway in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia which includes the Sir Leo Hielscher Bridges (former Gateway Bridge).	Gateway Motorway	Australia
country	The Kisan Mazdoor Praja Party was a political party of India.	Kisan Mazdoor Praja Party	India
country	Kresna Gorge Tunnel was a planned twin-tube tunnel in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Kresna Gorge Tunnel	Bulgaria
country	Store Godthåb is a former late 18th century country house in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Store Godthåb	Denmark
country	Sohag Markaz is a Metropolitan area province in the Governorate of Sohag in upper Egypt.	Sohag Markaz	Egypt
country	Poverty Bay (Māori: Turanganui-a-kiwa) is the largest of several small bays on the east coast of New Zealand's North Island to the north of Hawkes Bay.	Poverty Bay	New Zealand
country	Zamarovce ( Hungarian: Vágzamárd ) is a village and municipality in Trenčín District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Zamarovce	Slovakia
country	Nowlands Gap, also known as Nowlands Pass and Murrurundi Gap, is a pass over the Liverpool Range, part of the Great Dividing Range, that provides access between the Northern Tablelands and Hunter regions of New South Wales, Australia.	Nowlands Gap	Australia
country	Foshtanq (Persian: فشتنق‎, also Romanized as Foshtanaq; also known as Fashtān and Fashtaq) is a village in Bashtin Rural District, Davarzan District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Foshtanq	Iran
country	Upía River, a river in Colombia originating at Lake Tota (5°29'31`` N, 72°56'04'' W), is a tributary of the Meta River flowing into the Orinoco River basin.	Upía River	Colombia
country	The Brampton Arts Council is a charitable, multi-arts umbrella organization dedicated to the promotion and development of the arts in the city of Brampton in Ontario, Canada.	Brampton Arts Council	Canada
country	Huasco River is a river of Chile located in the Huasco Province, Atacama Region.	Huasco River	Chile
country	Tadjellet is a settlement in the Sahara Desert in southern central Algeria.	Tadjellet	Algeria
country	Greek National Road 4 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 4, abbreviated as EO4) is a single carriageway road in northern Greece.	Greek National Road 4	Greece
country	Burewala (Urdu: بُورے والا‎) (Punjabi: بُورے والا), is a city of Vehari District in southern Punjab, Pakistan.	Burewala	Pakistan
country	The Blue Coalition (Bulgarian: Синята коалиция, Sinyata koalitsia) was a center-right electoral alliance in Bulgaria, whose members were the Union of Democratic Forces (SDS), Democrats for a Strong Bulgaria (DSB) and three smaller parties.	Blue Coalition	Bulgaria
country	The NH Gran Hotel Provincial is a five star establishment in Mar del Plata, Argentina.	NH Gran Hotel Provincial	Argentina
country	The Meeting of Waters (Portuguese: Encontro das Águas) is the confluence between the Rio Negro, a river with dark (almost black colored) water, and the sandy-colored Amazon River or Rio Solimões, as the upper section of the Amazon is known in Brazil upriver of this confluence.	Meeting of Waters	Brazil
country	Nordrepollen is a village in the Mauranger area of Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Nordrepollen	Norway
country	Gradešnica (Macedonian: Градешница) is a village in the Municipality of Novaci of the Republic of Macedonia.	Gradešnica	Macedonia
country	Mchauru village is a town, village, in the country of Tanzania.	Mchauru	Tanzania
country	The Cathedral of Saint Domnius (Croatian: Katedrala Svetog Duje), known locally as the Saint Dujam (Sveti Dujam) or colloquially Saint Duje (Sveti Duje), is the Catholic cathedral in Split, Croatia.	Cathedral of Saint Domnius	Croatia
country	Bertam Valley is an agricultural-based village in Cameron Highlands, Malaysia, located close to Ringlet.	Bertam Valley	Malaysia
country	Hrianghmun, also known as Hiangmun, is a village in the Champhai district of Mizoram, India.	Hrianghmun	India
country	Gruiu is a commune in the northeastern part of Ilfov county, Romania.	Gruiu	Romania
country	Log Čezsoški (pronounced (ˈloːk tʃɛˈsoːʃki); Italian: Loga d'Oltresonzia) is a small settlement on left bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Log Čezsoški	Slovenia
country	Nordlunde is a hamlet on the island of Lolland, Denmark.	Nordlunde	Denmark
country	Grums is a locality and the seat of Grums Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 5,025 inhabitants in 2010.	Grums	Sweden
country	CRS Hall Zielona Góra, or CRS Hala Zielona Góra, is a multi-use indoor sporting arena that is located in Zielona Góra, Poland.	CRS Hall Zielona Góra	Poland
country	Brstovec (pronounced (bəɾˈstɔːʋəts); German: Werstouz) is settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Brstovec	Slovenia
country	Alcanhões is a town and administrative parish in Santarém, Portugal.	Alcanhões	Portugal
country	Ifjord (Northern Sami: Igjavvuodna) is a village in the municipality of Lebesby in Finnmark, Norway.	Ifjord	Norway
country	Como (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkɔːmo), locally: (ˈkoːmo); Lombard: Còmm; Latin: Novum Comum) is a city and comune in Lombardy, Italy.	Como	Italy
country	Janale (Somali: Janaale, Italian: Genale, Arabic: جانالة‎) is a town in the southeastern Lower Shebelle (Shabeellaha Hoose) region of Somalia.	Janale	Somalia
country	Lønset Church (Norwegian: Lønset kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Lønset Church	Norway
country	Kiili (before 1971: Veneküla, before 1920: Russendorf, first mentioned as Wenne Külla) is a borough (Estonian: alev) in Harju County, northern Estonia.	Kiili	Estonia
country	Al Maktoum Bridge (in Arabic: جسر آل مكتوم; also known in Arabic as جسر المكتوم) is a bridge that crosses Dubai Creek in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Al Maktoum Bridge	United Arab Emirates
country	Malpartida de Cáceres is a municipality in the province of Cáceres (Spain) with a population of 4368 inhabitants (population figures on 1 January 2004).	Malpartida de Cáceres	Spain
country	Konshisha is a Local Government Area of Benue State, Nigeria.	Konshisha	Nigeria
country	Ciółkówko (t͡ɕuu̯ˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ciółkówko	Poland
country	Białe Błota-Dębowiec (ˈbjawɛ ˈbwɔta dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Białe Błota-Dębowiec	Poland
country	Olszyc-Folwark (ˈɔlʂɨt͡s ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Olszyc-Folwark	Poland
country	Thavady (Tamil: தாவடி, Sinhalese: තාවඩි) is a small village in Jaffna in Northern Sri Lanka.	Thavady	Sri Lanka
country	Franska Skolan Ecole Française (English: French School) is a private school located in Stockholm, Sweden.	Franska Skolan Ecole Française	Sweden
country	Gasarenda is a small town located in Nyamagabe district in the Southern province of Rwanda.	Gasarenda	Rwanda
country	The Putra World Trade Centre (PWTC; Malay: Pusat Dagangan Dunia Putra) is a main convention and exhibition centre in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Putra World Trade Centre	Malaysia
country	Salehy is a small village situated at the mouth of the Mangoro River on its north side at a distance of 10 km from Mahanoro, on the East coast of Madagascar.	Salehy	Madagascar
country	Ždrijelovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Ждријеловићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ždrijelovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Teghnit-e Vasat (Persian: تغنيت وسط‎, also Romanized as Teghnīt-e Vasaţ; also known as Ūrtākand) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Teghnit-e Vasat	Iran
country	Sauvo (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈsɑuʋo); Swedish: Sagu) is a municipality of Finland.	Sauvo	Finland
country	The Amanian Gate (Latin: Amani Portae) or Bahçe Pass (Turkish: Bahçe Geçidi), also known as the Amanus Pass or Amanides Pylae (Ἀμανίδες or Ἀμανικαί Πύλαι 'Amanus Gates'), is a mountain pass located on the border between Osmaniye and Gaziantep provinces in south-central Turkey.	Amanian Gate	Turkey
country	Sahasinaka is a town in the south-east of the Vatovavy-Fitovinany Region in Madagascar.	Sahasinaka	Madagascar
country	Expo Centre Sharjah (Arabic: مركز اكسبو الشارقة‎) is an exhibition and convention centre, located in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.	Expo Centre Sharjah	United Arab Emirates
country	Lahore District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan that contains the city of Lahore, the district and provincial capital.	Lahore District	Pakistan
country	Uzès Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Théodorit d'Uzès) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral, now a parish church, in Uzès, France, dedicated to Saint Theodoritus.	Uzès Cathedral	France
country	The Nuestra Señora de Gracia Church, also known as Guadalupe Church is a Baroque Roman Catholic church in Makati, Philippines.	Nuestra Señora de Gracia Church	Philippines
country	Wheal Jane is a disused tin mine near Baldhu and Chacewater in West Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Wheal Jane	United Kingdom
country	Cham Zhiyeh (Persian: چم ژيه‎, also Romanized as Cham Zhīyeh; also known as Chamzheh) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Cham Zhiyeh	Iran
country	Felarg (Persian: فلارگ‎, also Romanized as Felārg and Fālārk) is a village in Alqurat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Felarg	Iran
country	Nohanent is commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.	Nohanent	France
country	Carhuaz is a town in Peru located in the Ancash Region, Carhuaz Province, Carhuaz District.	Carhuaz	Peru
country	Trzebniów (ˈtʂɛbɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegowa, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Trzebniów	Poland
country	Mytnytsia (Ukrainian: Митниця) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Mytnytsia	Ukraine
country	St Kilda Junction is a major intersection in Melbourne, Australia.	St Kilda Junction	Australia
country	Mehrablı (also, Mekhrably) is a village and municipality in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mehrablı	Azerbaijan
country	FK Šumadija 1903 (Serbian Cyrillic: Фудбалски клуб Шумадија 1903) is a football club in Kragujevac, Serbia.	FK Šumadija 1903	Serbia
country	Kildare Street (Irish: Sráid Chill Dara) is a well-known street in Dublin, the capital city of Ireland close to the principal shopping area of Grafton Street and Dawson Street, to which it is joined by Molesworth Street.	Kildare Street	Ireland
country	Geghakar (Armenian: Գեղաքար, also Romanized as Geghak’ar and Geghaqar; formerly Subatan) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Geghakar	Armenia
country	Fundo das Figueiras (Cape Verde Creole: Fund'' d'' F’géra) is a village in the eastern part of the island of Boa Vista.	Fundo das Figueiras	Cape Verde
country	Tonatico Municipality is one of the municipalities of the State of Mexico, in Mexico located 153 kilometers from Mexico City, 105 from Cuernavaca, 84 from Toluca, 68 from Taxco and 5 from Ixtapan de la Sal.	Tonatico	Mexico
country	Svetli Dol (pronounced (ˈsʋɛːtli ˈdoːu̯)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Štore in eastern Slovenia.	Svetli Dol	Slovenia
country	Darmandek (Persian: درماندك‎, also Romanized as Darmāndek; also known as Darmānderīk and Dīlmānderīk) is a village in Chahriq Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darmandek	Iran
country	Veinticinco de Agosto, mostly written 25 de Agosto, is a small town in the Florida Department of central Uruguay.	Veinticinco de Agosto	Uruguay
country	Aubière is a suburb of Clermont-Ferrand, a town and commune in France, in the Massif Central.	Aubière	France
country	Babak Station (Persian: ايستگاه بابك‎ -- Īstgāh-e Bābak) is a village and railway station in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Babak Station	Iran
country	Shark Island Concentration Camp or ``Death Island'' (Konzentrationslager auf der Haifischinsel vor Lüderitzbucht ) was one of the five Namibian concentration camps located on Shark Island off Lüderitz, Namibia.	Shark Island Concentration Camp	Namibia
country	The Gare de Thionville is a railway station serving the town of Thionville in the Moselle department, Lorraine, north-eastern France.	Gare de Thionville	France
country	Goljak (Albanian: Gollak, Serbian: Гољак) is a mountainous region in the eastern part of Kosovo, and southern Serbia, bordering the Lab region to the west.	Goljak	Serbia
country	Rębieskie (rɛmˈbjɛskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rębieskie	Poland
country	Hjelme Church (Norwegian: Hjelme kirke) is a parish church in Øygarden municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hjelme Church	Norway
country	Bergen Cathedral (Norwegian: Bergen domkirke) a cathedral in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Bergen Cathedral	Norway
country	Siemonia (ɕeˈmɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Siemonia	Poland
country	Pacca Ghanghra, is a village in Kandiaro Taluka of Naushahro Feroze District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Pacca Ghanghra	Pakistan
country	Amgala is an oasis in Western Sahara.	Amgala	Western Sahara
country	Chathian Wala is a town and Union Council of Kasur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Chathian Wala	Pakistan
country	Baruq District (Persian: بخش باروق‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baruq District	Iran
country	Ababin (Persian: ابابين‎, also Romanized as Abābīn; also known as Ababi and Abājīn) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District, Kaghazkonan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ababin	Iran
country	Verin Shorzha (Armenian: Վերին Շորժա; also Romanized as Verin Shorja, meaning ``Upper Shorzha''; Russified as Verkhnyaya Shorzha; also simply Shorzha) is a small hamlet in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Verin Shorzha	Armenia
country	Chasiv Yar (Ukrainian: Часів Яр, Russian: Часов Яр) is a city in Bakhmut Municipality, Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Chasiv Yar	Ukraine
country	The Dagouein Mountain is an average elevation of 1,124 metres (3,688 ft) above sea level, is the six highest point in Djibouti.	Dagouein Mountain	Djibouti
country	Utiku railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand.	Utiku railway station	New Zealand
country	North Khorasan Province (Persian: استان خراسان شمالی‎‎, Ostān-e Khorāsān-e Shomālī) is a province located in northeastern Iran.	North Khorasan Province	Iran
country	Mankurussi or Mankurissi (Mankurussi in Google Maps ) is a small town near Palakkad in the state of Kerala in southern India.	Mankurussi	India
country	Palazzo della Carovana (also Palazzo dei Cavalieri) is a palace in Knights' Square, Pisa, Italy, presently housing the main building of the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa.	Palazzo della Carovana	Italy
country	San Sebastián School is a Chilean primary and secondary located in Rancagua, Cachapoal Province, Chile.	San Sebastián School	Chile
country	Tieke Kāinga is a small Māori community in New Zealand, on the middle reaches of the Whanganui River 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) downstream from the mouth of the Mangatiti Stream.	Tieke Kāinga	New Zealand
country	Igbo Eze South (or Igboeze South) is a Local Government Area of Enugu State, Nigeria.	Igbo Eze South	Nigeria
country	Würzburg Cathedral (German: Würzburger Dom) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany, dedicated to Saint Kilian.	Würzburg Cathedral	Germany
country	Trpanj (Italian: Trappano), is a town and municipality of Dubrovnik-Neretva County in south-eastern Croatia.	Trpanj	Croatia
country	Carnival Festival (or ``Carnaval Festival'' in Dutch) is a dark ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands.	Carnival Festival	Netherlands
country	Bam and Safiabad District (Persian: بخش بام و صفی‌آباد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bam and Safiabad District	Iran
country	Pennant Hills High School is a public, comprehensive, co-educational, high school situated in the northern suburb of Pennant Hills in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, about 15--20 minutes to walk from Pennant Hills railway station.	Pennant Hills High School	Australia
country	Chavgun (Persian: چاوگون‎, also Romanized as Chāvgūn; also known as Chāhgūn and Shūrāgol) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chavgun	Iran
country	Karađorđe's Park (Serbian: Карађорђев парк/Karađorđev park) is a public park and an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Karađorđe's Park	Serbia
country	The Municipal Tramways Trust (MTT) was established in December 1906 to operate the street tram network in Adelaide, Australia.	Municipal Tramways Trust	Australia
country	Nashrud Kol (Persian: نشرودكل‎, also Romanized as Nashrūd Kol and Nashrood Kal; also known as Nushrudkul) is a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nashrud Kol	Iran
country	The Circuit Riverside Speedway Ste-Croix is a multi-track motorsport venue located in Sainte-Croix, Quebec (Canada), approximatively 60 km west of Quebec City, on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.	Circuit Riverside Speedway Ste-Croix	Canada
country	Shell abandoned Arajuno in 1948 when the company decided to discontinue its prospecting in Ecuador.	Arajuno	Ecuador
country	Pico das Torres is the second highest peak on the Atlantic island of Madeira, Portugal.	Pico das Torres	Portugal
country	Cheshmeh-ye Mohammad Beygi Dam Run (Persian: چشمه محمدبيگي دم رون‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Moḩammad Beygī Dam Rūn) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Mohammad Beygi Dam Run	Iran
country	Semuc Champey is a natural monument in the department of Alta Verapaz, Guatemala, near the Q'eqchi' Maya town of Lanquín.	Semuc Champey	Guatemala
country	Panchratnam ('Panch' meaning Five and 'Ratna' meaning Jewels) is a very famous building and a landmark in South Mumbai, India, near its Western Railway's Charni Road Station.	Panchratna	India
country	Lao Bảo is a small town in Hướng Hóa District of Quảng Trị Province, Vietnam, located in the North Central Coast region, near the border with Laos.	Lao Bảo	Vietnam
country	Małe Ciche (ˈmawɛ ˈt͡ɕixɛ), (Slovak: Malé Tiché) is a village and a ski resort, in the administrative district of Gmina Poronin, within Tatra County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Małe Ciche	Poland
country	Hollywood Private Hospital is an acute-care private teaching hospital situated in the Perth suburb of Nedlands, in Western Australia.	Hollywood Private Hospital	Australia
country	Sultan Idris Shah II Bridge or Jambatan Sultan Idris Shah II is a bridge in Perak Tengah district, Perak, Malaysia.	Sultan Idris Shah II Bridge	Malaysia
country	Gran Vilaya is a complex of many archaeological remains and ruins, spread over a wide area in the Utcubamba Valley in northern Peru.	Gran Vilaya	Peru
country	Jemmal is a city in the Monastir Governorate of Tunisia, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Monastir.	Jemmal	Tunisia
country	Baqerabad-e Tabatabayi (Persian: باقرابادطباطبائي‎, also Romanized as Bāqerābād-e Ţabāṭabāyī; also known as Bāqerābād) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Baqerabad-e Tabatabayi	Iran
country	Güzelçamlı (also referred to locally as Çamlı for short) is a sea-side town and municipality in the district of Kuşadası in Turkey's Aydın Province, and an increasingly popular tourists' resort.	Güzelçamlı	Turkey
country	Świnoujście Lighthouse, also known as Swinemünde Lighthouse, is an active lighthouse in Świnoujście (German: Swinemünde), Poland.	Świnoujście Lighthouse	Poland
country	Nierstein-Oppenheim is a former Verbandsgemeinde (``collective municipality'') in the district Mainz-Bingen (Rheinhessen) in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Nierstein-Oppenheim	Germany
country	Reikorangi is a locality on the Kapiti Coast in New Zealand's North Island.	Reikorangi	New Zealand
country	Jošan (Serbian Cyrillic: Јошан) or Jošani is a village in Krbava, Croatia.	Jošan	Croatia
country	AXA Sports Center or Södertälje Event Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Södertälje, Sweden that was built in 1970 as Scaniarinken.	AXA Sports Center	Sweden
country	Lechkhumi (Georgian: ლეჩხუმი Lečkhumi) is a historic province in northwestern Georgia which comprises the area along the middle basin of the Rioni and Tskhenistskali and also the Lajanuri river valley.	Lechkhumi	Georgia
country	Petropavl Airport (also given as Petropavlovsk South) (IATA: PPK, ICAO: UACP) is an airport in Kazakhstan located 11 km (6.8 mi) south of Petropavl (Petropavlovsk).	Petropavl Airport	Kazakhstan
country	Petitcodiac Regional School is a combined primary and secondary public school located in Petitcodiac, New Brunswick, Canada.	Petitcodiac Regional School	Canada
country	The Tucha Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located north of Ingenika River and south of Tucha Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Tucha Range	Canada
country	Grčarice (pronounced (ˈɡəɾtʃaɾitsɛ); locally also Grčav(i)ce, in older sources also Gerčarice, German: Masern, Gottscheerish: Masharə) is a village in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Grčarice	Slovenia
country	The New Tamayo Museum is a museum in Atizapán de Zaragoza, Mexico, in the suburbs of Mexico City.	New Tamayo Museum	Mexico
country	Abbotsford City Council is the governing body for the City of Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada.	Abbotsford City Council	Canada
country	Fox Peak is a small club skifield located 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) to the east of Lake Tekapo in New Zealand's South Island.	Fox Peak	New Zealand
country	The ruins of Frýdštejn Castle (German: Burg Friedstein) can be found in the Liberec Region, Czech Republic, near the town Turnov.	Frýdštejn Castle	Czech Republic
country	Mežakla (pronounced (mɛˈʒaːkla)) is a long undulating plateau about 15 km (9 mi) long in the foothills of the Julian Alps above the town of Jesenice in northwestern Slovenia.	Mežakla	Slovenia
country	Troldhaugen is located in Bergen, Norway and consists of the Edvard Grieg Museum, Grieg's villa, the hut where he composed music, and his and his wife's gravesite.	Troldhaugen	Norway
country	Vadi Ahmad (Persian: وادي احمد‎, also Romanized as Vādī Aḩmad; also known as Vādīḩamad) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Vadi Ahmad	Iran
country	Bureng (Persian: بورنگ‎, also Romanized as Būreng, Baurang, and Būrang) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bureng	Iran
country	Čestlice is a village and municipality in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic, near the city of Prague and the larger village of Průhonice.	Čestlice	Czech Republic
country	Mieruniszki (mjɛruˈniʂki) (German: Merunen, until 1938 Mierunsken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipów, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mieruniszki	Poland
country	Rzymkowice (ʐɨmkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rzymkowice	Poland
country	Uzdin (Serbian Cyrillic: Уздин, Romanian: Uzdâni) is a village located in the Kovačica municipality, in the South Banat District of Serbia.	Uzdin	Serbia
country	Zemianska Olča (Hungarian: Nemesócsa, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈnɛmɛʃoːtʃɒ)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Zemianska Olča	Slovakia
country	Wołomin is situated approximately 20 km (12 mi) east of Warsaw, the capital of Poland, near the railway to Białystok.	Wołomin	Poland
country	Jeghatoo District (alternately Waeez Shahid District) also Jaghatu District is one of the largest and most populated district in Ghazni Province, west of the city of Ghazni, Afghanistan.	Jeghatoo District	Afghanistan
country	Nicholson's Obelisk (or 'Nicholson's Memorial') is a monument in Pakistan, erected in 1868 in honour of Brigadier-General John Nicholson, a famous military figure of the British Empire.	Nicholson's Obelisk	Pakistan
country	The Viljandi Folk Music Festival is a music festival in Estonia with a central focus on European folk music.	Viljandi Folk Music Festival	Estonia
country	Larnaca International Airport (Greek: Διεθνής Aερολιμένας Λάρνακας; Turkish: Larnaka Uluslararası Havaalanı) (IATA: LCA, ICAO: LCLK) is an international airport located 4 km (2.5 mi) southwest of Larnaca, Cyprus.	Larnaca International Airport	Cyprus
country	The ATP Auckland Open (currently sponsored by ASB as the ASB Classic) is a ATP and WTA tennis tournament played in Auckland, New Zealand, and taking place the two weeks before the Australian Open.	ATP Auckland Open	New Zealand
country	The Testa del Leone (3,706 m; Italian, lit. ``lion head'') is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Testa del Leone	Switzerland
country	Hruševica (pronounced (ˈxɾuːʃɛʋitsa)) is a small village southwest of Štanjel in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy.	Hruševica	Slovenia
country	The Kaipo River is a river of New Zealand, flowing into Kaipo Bay, northern Fiordland.	Kaipo River	New Zealand
country	Medvėgalis was a 14th-century hill fort in Samogitia, located in present-day Šilalė District Municipality, Lithuania.	Medvėgalis	Lithuania
country	The Swedish Hockey Association (Swedish: Svenska Landhockeyförbundet, SLHF) is the national hockey association in Sweden.	Swedish Hockey Association	Sweden
country	Podplešivica (pronounced (pɔtplɛˈʃiːʋitsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brezovica in central Slovenia.	Podplešivica	Slovenia
country	The Melbourne University Lacrosse Club (MULC) was founded in 1883 and is the oldest extant lacrosse club in Australia and oldest continually existing lacrosse club in the world.	Melbourne University Lacrosse Club	Australia
country	Malwan (also spelled Malvan) is a small Indus Valley Civilisation site, located at Surat District, Gujarat, India.	Malwan	India
country	Nadym Airport (IATA: NYM, ICAO: USMM) is an airport in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia located 9 km (5.6 mi) southeast of Nadym.	Nadym Airport	Russia
country	Czuchów-Pieńki (ˈt͡ʂuxuf ˈpjɛɲki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czuchów-Pieńki	Poland
country	The Karoo mine is a large mine in the northern part of South Africa in Gauteng.	Karoo mine	South Africa
country	Aquae Cutiliae is a mineral spring in Italy, near the modern Cittaducale, 9 miles east of Rieti.	Aquae Cutiliae	Italy
country	Ilia State University (ISU), located in Tbilisi, Georgia, is a higher education institution, established in 2006 as a merger of six different educational and research institutions.	Ilia State University	Georgia
country	Ledinica (pronounced (lɛˈdiːnitsa)) is a small settlement northwest of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ledinica	Slovenia
country	Gotland (/ˈɡɒtlənd/; Swedish pronunciation: (ˈɡɔtland), older spellings include Gottland /ˈɡɒtlənd/ or Gothland /ˈɡɒθlənd/,), Gutland in the local language Gutnish, is a province, county, municipality, and diocese of Sweden.	Gotland	Sweden
country	The University of Ferrara (Italian: Università degli Studi di Ferrara) is the main university of the city of Ferrara in the Emilia-Romagna region of northern Italy.	University of Ferrara	Italy
country	The Genevieve Range is a low, small mountain range on western Nootka Island, which is on the western side of Nootka Sound, British Columbia, Canada.	Genevieve Range	Canada
country	Charam-e Now (Persian: چرم نو‎, also known as Charam) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Charam-e Now	Iran
country	Andøya Airport, Andenes (Norwegian: Andøya lufthavn, Andenes; IATA: ANX, ICAO: ENAN) is a domestic airport located at Andenes in Andøy, Norway, on the northern tip of the island of Andøya.	Andøya Airport, Andenes	Norway
country	Québec-Radio is an internet radio station in Quebec, Canada.	Québec-Radio	Canada
country	Isla Ángel de la Guarda, also called Archangel Island, is a large island in the Gulf of California (Sea of Cortez) east of Bahía de los Ángeles in northwestern Mexico, separated from the Baja California Peninsula by the Canal de Ballenas (Whales Channel).	Isla Ángel de la Guarda	Mexico
country	Drosia (Greek: Δροσιά, meaning ``dew'', before 1947: Ρωσσοχώρι - Rossochori) is a suburban town in Attica, Greece.	Drosia	Greece
country	Ruhengeri is a city and capital of Musanze District in the Northern Province of Rwanda.	Ruhengeri	Rwanda
country	Meqas-e Qadim (Persian: مقاس قديم‎, also Romanized as Meqās-e Qadīm; also known as Meqyās-e Qadīm) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Meqas-e Qadim	Iran
country	Sanigaun is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal.	Sanigaun	Nepal
country	Žabljek (pronounced (ˈʒaːbljɛk)) is a village in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Žabljek	Slovenia
country	Opatija (pronounced (ɔpǎtija); German: Sankt Jakobi; Italian: Abbazia; Hungarian: Abbázia) is a town in western Croatia, just southwest of Rijeka on the Adriatic coast.	Opatija	Croatia
country	Düdingen (French: Guin, Arpitan: Dyin ) is a municipality in the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Düdingen	Switzerland
country	The Route nationale 21 (N21) is a trunk road (nationale) in south west France.	Route nationale 21	France
country	Bereeda (Somali: Bareeda, Arabic: بارآدا‎) is a coastal town in the northeastern Bari province of Somalia.	Bereeda	Somalia
country	The Thakur College of Science and Commerce (TCSC) is a college in Kandivali in Mumbai of Maharashtra, India running by Thakur Educational Trusts.	Thakur College of Science and Commerce	India
country	Gorica pri Dobjem (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾiːtsa pɾi ˈdoːbjɛm)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dobje in eastern Slovenia.	Gorica pri Dobjem	Slovenia
country	Tsanzaguru (formerly Sanzaguru) is a township, commuter zone, in the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe located 10 km south of Rusape in the Makoni West constituency.	Tsanzaguru	Zimbabwe
country	Forest of Haguenau (French: Forêt de Haguenau) lies to the north of the town of Haguenau and is the largest undivided forest in France.	Forest of Haguenau	France
country	Hassam, Rasulpur is a village in tehsil Kharian, Pakistan, located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from the village of Pindichonjah and 25 kilometres (16 mi) from Kharian city.	Hassam, Rasulpur	Pakistan
country	Figure skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at the Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Figure skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics	Canada
country	The Sheikh Mukhtar-Vali Complex is a mausoleum located 5 km southwest of the town of Yangiariq, Xorazm Region, Uzbekistan.	Sheikh Mukhtar-Vali Complex	Uzbekistan
country	Dorneck District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, situated to the north of the canton.	Dorneck District	Switzerland
country	Līgatne ( pronunciation ; German: Ligat) is a town on the Gauja River, in Latvia.	Līgatne	Latvia
country	Gutarzewo (ɡutaˈʐɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gutarzewo	Poland
country	Tombokoirey I is a rural commune in Niger.	Tombokoirey I	Niger
country	Zhulat (definite form: Zhulati) is a village in South Albania, in south-eastern Europe, on the road Tepelenë - Gjirokastër.	Zhulat	Albania
country	Bazel is a village in Belgium, in the municipality of Kruibeke.	Bazel	Belgium
country	Honeycomb Hill Cave is located in the Oparara Basin, South Island of New Zealand.	Honeycomb Hill Cave	New Zealand
country	The Whanki Museum is a private art museum in Jongno-gu, in central Seoul, South Korea.	Whanki Museum	South Korea
country	Chiure or Chiure Novo is a town in Chiure District in Cabo Delgado Province in northeastern Mozambique.	Chiure	Mozambique
country	Skarbka (ˈskarpka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bałtów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Skarbka	Poland
country	The Jacquet River railway station is a flag stop Via Rail station in the community of Jacquet River, New Brunswick, Canada.	Jacquet River railway station	Canada
country	Hagimus (rendered also as Khadzhimus) is a commune in Căuşeni district, Moldova.	Hagimus	Moldova
country	Connellan Airways (later Connair) was an airline headquartered in Alice Springs, Australia.	Connellan Airways	Australia
country	Boulder Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located to the west of BC Highway 16 near Smithers, in the Bulkley Valley.	Boulder Creek Provincial Park	Canada
country	Purua is a locality north west of Whangarei in Northland, New Zealand.	Purua	New Zealand
country	Prosymna (Greek: Πρόσυμνα) is a village located in the municipal unit of Mykines, Argolis, Greece.	Prosymna	Greece
country	The Aqueduct of Albatana (Spanish: Acueducto de Albatana) is an aqueduct located in Albatana, Spain.	Aqueduct of Albatana	Spain
country	Hinterschellenberg is a village of Liechtenstein, located very close to the Austrian border and belonging to the municipality of Planken.	Hinterschellenberg	Liechtenstein
country	Bruntál belongs to the Czech Massif which is the salient geological feature in the Czech Republic.	Bruntál	Czech Republic
country	The Burleigh Bears are an Australian professional rugby league football club based on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Burleigh Bears	Australia
country	Qarqucaq (also, Karkudzhan, Karkudzhak, Karakudzhakh, and Karakudzhak) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qarqucaq	Azerbaijan
country	Jalan Lanchang, Federal Route 236 (formerly Pahang State Route C118), is a federal road in Pahang, Malaysia.	Jalan Lanchang	Malaysia
country	Bourges (French pronunciation: ​(buʁʒ)) is a city in central France on the Yèvre river.	Bourges	France
country	Civil Hospital Karachi is arguably the largest teaching hospital of Pakistan, catering not only to all areas of the province of Sindh but also the neighboring province of Balochistan as well.	Civil Hospital	Pakistan
country	Knićanin (Serbian Cyrillic: Книћанин) is a village in Serbia.	Knićanin	Serbia
country	The Abu Bakar Bridge (Malay: Jambatan Abu Bakar) is the main bridge on Pahang River near Pekan, Pahang, Malaysia.	Abu Bakar Bridge	Malaysia
country	Cvrčići (Serbian: Цврчићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Cvrčići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Masłomiąca (maswɔˈmjɔnt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Masłomiąca	Poland
country	Laval Cathedral (Cathédrale de la Sainte-Trinité de Laval) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of France, in Laval.	Laval Cathedral	France
country	The City Municipality of Novo Mesto (Slovene: Mestna občina Novo mesto) is a municipality in southeastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	City Municipality of Novo Mesto	Slovenia
country	In the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (Westminster), the council area is covered the Moray (Westminster) constituency.	Moray	United Kingdom
country	The Urban Municipality of Požarevac (Serbian: Градска општина Пожаревац / Gradska opština Požarevac) is one of two urban municipalities which comprise the City of Požarevac, Serbia (the other urban municipality is Kostolac).	Urban Municipality of Požarevac	Serbia
country	Gopher Dunes is a dirt track near the community of Courtland in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada.	Gopher Dunes	Canada
country	The Caves and Cliffs of Isandra are located in the Betsileo cultural region of Madagascar, roughly 30 km to the northwest of the regional capital of Fianarantsoa.	Isandra	Madagascar
country	Kassala Airport (IATA: KSL, ICAO: HSKA) is an airport serving Kassala, the capital city of the state of Kassala in Sudan.	Kassala Airport	Sudan
country	Tashvir (Persian: تشوير‎, also Romanized as Tashvīr) is a village in Gilvan Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Tashvir	Iran
country	Brzezna (ˈbʐɛzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podegrodzie, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Brzezna	Poland
country	Gauribidanur has some factories like the sugar factory in Gauribidanur, the ACC cement factory in Thondebavi which is the 3rd biggest ACC in India and the Raymond garments factory which is made out of its fashion near KEB station Gowribidanur.	Gauribidanur	India
country	Chaypareh County (Persian: شهرستان چايپاره‎) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Chaypareh County	Iran
country	Designed in the Romanesque Revival style, and featuring an Italianate façade with bell tower, the Church of Saint-Léon-de-Westmount was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1997 and plaqued in 1999.	Church of Saint-Léon-de-Westmount	Canada
country	Lūznava Manor (also known as: Dlužneva or Glužņeva) is a manor house located in the village of Lūznava, Rēzekne Municipality, Latvia.	Lūznava Manor	Latvia
country	Golshah Naruyi (Persian: گلشاه نارويي‎, also Romanized as Golshāh Nārūyī; also known as Karīm Nārūyī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Golshah Naruyi	Iran
country	Shirejkhil (Persian: شيرج خيل‎, also Romanized as Shīrejkhīl) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shirejkhil	Iran
country	German submarine U-354 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She carried out 11 patrols before being sunk in the Barents Sea by British warships in 1944.	German submarine U-354	Nazi Germany
country	Holoskovychi (Ukrainian: Голосковичі) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Holoskovychi	Ukraine
country	Vila do Conde (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvilɐ du ˈkõdɨ), locally (ˈbilɐ du ˈkoŋdɨ)) is a municipality in the Norte Region of Portugal.	Vila do Conde	Portugal
country	Oakhurst Cottage is a tiny 16th-century cottage in Hambledon, Surrey, in the United Kingdom.	Oakhurst Cottage	United Kingdom
country	Roshtqal'a District or Nohiya-i Roshtqal'a (Tajik: Ноҳияи Роштқалъа / Persian: ناحیۀ راشت قلعه‎, also spelled Roshtkala from Russian transliteration) is a district in east Tajikistan, in the south-western part of the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province (GBAO).	Roshtqal'a District	Tajikistan
country	Cheongwon County (Cheongwon-gun) was a county in North Chungcheong Province, South Korea.	Cheongwon County	South Korea
country	Mtama is a ward (shehia) in Lindi Rural, Lindi Region, Tanzania.	Mtama	Tanzania
country	Korfantów (kɔrˈfantuf) (German: Friedland in Oberschlesien) is a town in the Opole Voivodeship of Poland.	Korfantów	Poland
country	King Fahd's Fountain, also known as the Jeddah Fountain, is a fountain in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, the tallest of its type in the world.	King Fahd's Fountain	Saudi Arabia
country	The Argentine Yachting Federation (Spanish: Federación Argentina de Yachting) is the national governing body for the sport of sailing in Argentina, recognised by the International Sailing Federation.	Argentine Yachting Federation	Argentina
country	Nancy 2 University (Université Nancy 2) was a French university located in Nancy, France.	Nancy 2 University	France
country	Atlit (Hebrew: עַתְלִית) is a coastal town located south of Haifa, Israel.	Atlit	Israel
country	Ashted (alternatively spelt Ashstead and Ashtead) is an area of Birmingham in the United Kingdom, within the ward of Nechells.	Ashted	United Kingdom
country	Şahdağ (until 2004, Şurakənd and Shurakend) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şahdağ	Azerbaijan
country	Merag is a small port town in Croatia, not far from Krk, located on the east coast of Cres.	Merag	Croatia
country	Spean Sraeng is a khum (commune) of Phnum Srok District in Banteay Meanchey Province in western Cambodia.	Spean Sraeng	Cambodia
country	Verbier is a village located in south-western Switzerland in the canton of Valais.	Verbier	Switzerland
country	Kuipke or Citadel Park Velodrome is an indoor cycle-racing track in Ghent, Belgium.	Kuipke	Belgium
country	The University of Lübeck is a research university in Northern Germany which focuses almost entirely on medicine and sciences with applications in medicine.	University of Lübeck	Germany
country	Kahrizeh-ye Sheykhan (Persian: كهريزه شيخان‎, also Romanized as Kahrīzeh-ye Sheykhān) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kahrizeh-ye Sheykhan	Iran
country	Faruj Rural District (Persian: دهستان فاروج‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Faruj Rural District	Iran
country	Skardu Airport (IATA: KDU, ICAO: OPSD) is a domestic civil airport and military airbase located in Skardu, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Skardu Airport	Pakistan
country	Ano Vrontou (Greek: Άνω Βροντού; Bulgarian: Горно Броди, Gorno Brodi) is a remote mountain village and a former community in the northern Serres regional unit, Greece.	Ano Vrontou	Greece
country	The Cathedral of Saint-Jean-l'Évangéliste (St. John the Evangelist) is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Jean-Longueuil in Canada.	Cathedral of Saint-Jean-l'Évangéliste	Canada
country	The Alte Feste (Old Fortress) is a fortress and museum in downtown Windhoek, the capital of Namibia.	Alte Feste	Namibia
country	The ADAC Rallye Deutschland is a rally event held in Germany.	Rallye Deutschland	Germany
country	Junaki (Persian: جونكي‎, also Romanized as Jūnakī; also known as Dūnākī, Ḩānekī, and Jānakī) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Junaki	Iran
country	The Jubba River (Somali: Wabiga Jubba, Italian: Giuba) is a river in southern Somalia.	Jubba River	Somalia
country	Butucu is a village on the island of Aruba, located towards the southernmost point of the island.	Butucu	Aruba
country	Zeribet El Oued is a city in Biskra Province, Algeria.	Zeribet El Oued	Algeria
country	Schwarzenburg District was one of the 26 administrative districts in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland.	Schwarzenburg District	Switzerland
country	Mselliet is an area in the northern Malta.	Mselliet	Malta
country	As of 2011 India census Pathsala city is divided into 4 wards for which elections are held every 5 years.	Pathsala	India
country	Iliochori (Greek: Ηλιοχώρι, ``Village of the Sun'') is one of the Zagori villages in northwest Greece.	Iliochori	Greece
country	Sharikabad-e Miluiyeh (Persian: شريك ابادميلوييه‎, also Romanized as Sharīkābād-e Mīlūīyeh; also known as Sharīkābād and Sharīkābād-e Mīlūyeh) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sharikabad-e Miluiyeh	Iran
country	La Visite National Park (French: Parc National La Visite) is one of the two national parks of the Republic of Haiti.	La Visite National Park	Haiti
country	Kyucheyri (also, Gyudzhevry) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kyucheyri	Azerbaijan
country	Višnjevik (pronounced (ˈʋiːʃnjɛʋik)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Višnjevik	Slovenia
country	Wiązowna (vjɔ̃ˈzɔvna) is a village in Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wiązowna	Poland
country	Manoel Island (Maltese: Il-Gżira Manoel) is a small island which forms part of the municipality of Gżira in Marsamxett Harbour, Malta.	Manoel Island	Malta
country	Darazamstani Gadarkeh (Persian: درزمستاني گدارکه‎, also Romanized as Darazamstānī Gadārkeh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darazamstani Gadarkeh	Iran
country	The Initialis Science Park is a business incubator and science park located in Mons in the province of Hainaut, Wallonia (Belgium).	Initialis Science Park	Belgium
country	Branik Castle (Slovene: Grad Branik), also known as Rihemberk Castle (Grad Rihemberk), is a 13th-century castle above the village of Branik, near the city of Nova Gorica in southwestern Slovenia.	Branik Castle	Slovenia
country	The Union des écrivaines et des écrivains québécois (English: Québec Union of Writers) is a professional union of writers in Québec, Canada.	Union des écrivaines et des écrivains québécois	Canada
country	The College of Agriculture Business Management, Latur is a college located along Barsi road in Latur, India.	College of Agriculture Business Management, Latur	India
country	Ivanjše (pronounced (iˈʋaːnʃɛ)) is a small settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Ivanjše	Slovenia
country	The Dingyuan Railway Station (Chinese: 定远站) is a high-speed railway station in Dingyuan County, Chuzhou, Anhui, People's Republic of China.	Dingyuan Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The Mausoleum of the Atilii (Spanish: Mausoleo de los Atilios or El altar de los moros, meaning ``Altar of the Moors'') is a Roman mausoleum dating from 2nd or 3rd centuries AD, located in the municipal territory of Sádaba, Aragon, eastern Spain.	Mausoleum of the Atilii	Spain
country	Locus Castorum was an ancient village of the Roman Empire era located in northern Italy approximately 12 miles (19 km) from Cremona, and midway between Cremona and Bedriacum.	Locus Castorum	Italy
country	Alamdeh-e Gharbi (Persian: علمده غربي‎, also Romanized as ``Alamdeh-e Gharbī) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 393, in 103 families.	Alamdeh-e Gharbi	Iran
country	Majs (Croatian: Majša, Majiš, Serbian: Мајиш) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Majs	Hungary
country	Gimhae City Hall Station (Hangul: 김해시청역; hanja: 金海市廳驛) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Buwon-dong, Gimhae, South Korea.	Gimhae City Hall Station	South Korea
country	Science Museums, Aarhus, founded 1 January 2008, is an umbrella organization comprising the Steno Museum, the greenhouses at Aarhus Botanical Gardens, the Ole Rømer Observatory and a herbarium in Aarhus, Denmark.	Science Museums, Aarhus	Denmark
country	Abu Ali Airport is a small airstrip in the Island of Abu Ali, part of Jubail area in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.	Abu Ali Airport	Saudi Arabia
country	The Inauguration of Joko Widodo as seventh President of Indonesia took place on Monday, October 20, 2014 at the DPR/MPR Building, Jakarta.	Inauguration of Joko Widodo	Indonesia
country	Pfaffenthal (Luxembourgish: Pafendall) is a quarter in central Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Pfaffenthal	Luxembourg
country	Arutanga is the main town of Aitutaki in the Cook Islands.	Arutanga	Cook Islands
country	Kirovaul (Russian: Кироваул) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kizilyurtovsky District of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia.	Kirovaul	Russia
country	Groot Aub (German: Groß Aub) is a village located approximately 60 km south of Windhoek, in the Hardap Region of Namibia.	Groot Aub	Namibia
country	Salukat or Saloekat is a traditional quiver of the Mentawai people originating from the Mentawai Islands, Indonesia.	Salukat	Indonesia
country	The Student Price Card, also known as SPC Card, is a student loyalty discount program in Canada offering discounts and deals on items such as fashion, food, shoes, and travel and more.	Student Price Card	Canada
country	Stade (German pronunciation: (ˈʃtaːdə)) is a city in Lower Saxony, Germany and part of the Hamburg Metropolitan Region (Metropolregion Hamburg).	Stade	Germany
country	The Werra Railway (German: Werrabahn) is a single-tracked main line with a standard gauge of 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in) in Thuringia and Bavaria in southern and central Germany, that runs mostly along the river Werra.	Werra Railway	Germany
country	Kowalka (kɔˈvalka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kowalka	Poland
country	Blue Lagoon National Park is a small wildlife haven in the northern part of the Kafue Flats in Zambia's Central Province.	Blue Lagoon National Park	Zambia
country	The Kottankulangara Devi Temple is a Hindu temple to the goddess Bhagavathy, located in the village of Chavara near Kollam, an old sea port and town on the Arabian coast in Kerala, India.	Kottankulangara Devi Temple	India
country	Hyesan Ch'ŏngnyŏn Station is the central railway station of Hyesan city, located in the Ch'un-dong neighbourhood of greater Hyesan city, Ryanggang province, North Korea.	Hyesan Ch'ŏngnyŏn Station	North Korea
country	Slavkov Castle (also known as Austerlitz Castle) is a Baroque palace in Slavkov u Brna, in the Czech Republic.	Slavkov Castle	Czech Republic
country	Asklipieio (Greek: Ασκληπιείο) is a former municipality in Argolis, Peloponnese, Greece.	Asklipieio	Greece
country	Ivor Wynne Stadium (formerly Civic Stadium) was a Canadian football stadium located at the corner of Balsam and Beechwood Avenues, two blocks west of Gage Avenue North in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Ivor Wynne Stadium	Canada
country	Šibelji (pronounced (ʃiˈbeːlji)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Šibelji	Slovenia
country	Langley Fine Arts School is a public elementary school and secondary school in Fort Langley, British Columbia, Canada, and is part of School District 35 Langley.	Langley Fine Arts School	Canada
country	Chardonnières (Haitian Creole: Chadonyè) is a commune in the Chardonnières Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.	Chardonnières	Haiti
country	A fruit processing plant was built on Bolama shortly after independence of Guinea Bissau, with Dutch foreign aid.	Bolama	Guinea Bissau
country	Pruzhany Palace (Belarusian: Пружанскі палацык) is a museum in Pruzhany town, Brest Voblast (province), Western Belarus.	Pruzhany Palace	Belarus
country	Arena Lviv (Ukrainian: Арена Львів) is a football stadium in Lviv, Ukraine.	Arena Lviv	Ukraine
country	Gavmareh (Persian: گاومره‎, also Romanized as Gāvmareh; also known as Gāmmareh) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gavmareh	Iran
country	Mentana is a town and comune, former bishopric and presant Latin Catholic titular see in the province of Rome, Lazio, central Italy.	Mentana	Italy
country	Nanva Kola (Persian: نانواكلا‎, also Romanized as Nānvā Kolā) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Nanva Kola	Iran
country	Vyšný Kručov is a small village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Vyšný Kručov	Slovakia
country	Lemu (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈlemu); Swedish: Lemo) is a former municipality of Finland and an old church parish dating back to the middle ages.	Lemu	Finland
country	Sapi-Nangoh Highway, also known as Jalan Sapi-Nangoh, is one of the major highways in Sabah, Malaysia.	Sapi-Nangoh Highway	Malaysia
country	Beng Mealea or Bung Mealea (Khmer: ប្រាសាទបឹងមាលា, its name means ``lotus pond'') is a temple in the Angkor Wat period located 40 km east of the main group of temples at Angkor, Cambodia, on the ancient royal highway to Preah Khan Kompong Svay.	Beng Mealea	Cambodia
country	Neumarkt (Oberpfalz) station (officially: Neumarkt (Oberpf)), is the oldest and most important railway station in Neumarkt, Germany.	Neumarkt (Oberpfalz) station	Germany
country	East Delta University (Bengali: ইস্ট ডেল্টা বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় or EDU) is a private university in Agrabad, in Chittagong, Bangladesh.	East Delta University	Bangladesh
country	Bengbu Medical College (Chinese: 蚌埠医学院) is national medical college located in Bengbu, Anhui Province, of the People's Republic of China, directly supervised under the jurisdiction of Education Bureau of Anhui Province.	Bengbu Medical College	People's Republic of China
country	Ai-Kon is an annual three-day anime convention held on a weekend during the month of July in Winnipeg, Manitoba, in Canada.	Ai-Kon	Canada
country	Upo Wetland is a complex of natural wetlands located in Changnyeong County, South Korea, near the Nakdong River.	Upo Wetland	South Korea
country	Kalinowy Dół (kaliˈnɔvɨ ˈduu̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kalinowy Dół	Poland
country	Wadyan (Arabic: واديان) is a village in the island of Sitra, Bahrain.	Wadyan	Bahrain
country	Government Model Boys Higher Secondary School, (previously called Government Model High School) is a school in Thycaud, Thiruvananthapuram, India.	Government Model Boys Higher Secondary School	India
country	Nowy Szwarocin (ˈnɔvɨ ʂfaˈrɔt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Szwarocin	Poland
country	Kuthaund is a small town and panchayat of Jalaun in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Kuthaund	India
country	Denizciler (literally ``Seamen'') is a town in İskenderun district of Hatay Province, Turkey.	Denizciler	Turkey
country	Tuchyňa (Hungarian: Tohány) is a village and municipality in Ilava District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Tuchyňa	Slovakia
country	Sables-Spanish Rivers is a township in Ontario, Canada, on the north shore of Georgian Bay.	Sables-Spanish Rivers	Canada
country	Blacktown Hospital is an acute care hospital in Blacktown, New South Wales, Australia.	Blacktown Hospital	Australia
country	Te Rerenga is a locality on the Whangapoua Harbour, Coromandel Peninsula, New Zealand.	Te Rerenga	New Zealand
country	Fürth Airfield is a former military airfield located in Germany about 2 miles north-northeast of Fürth (Bavaria); approximately 200 miles south-southwest of Berlin.	Fürth Airfield	Germany
country	Groat Road is a freeway in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Groat Road	Canada
country	Yeongdeungpo District (Yeongdeungpo-gu) is an administrative district in southwest Seoul, South Korea.	Yeongdeungpo District	South Korea
country	Beit Hillel (Hebrew: בֵּית הִלֵּל) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Beit Hillel	Israel
country	The University of Bergamo (Italian: Università degli Studi di Bergamo) is an Italian public university located in Bergamo, Italy.	University of Bergamo	Italy
country	Chyhyryn (Ukrainian: Чигирин) or Chigirin (Russian: Чигири́н), is a city and important historic site located in the Cherkasy Oblast of central Ukraine.	Chyhyryn	Ukraine
country	Makád is a village in the county of Pest, Hungary, near Hungary's capital Budapest.	Makád	Hungary
country	The Protestant church of Oentsjerk or Saint Mary church is a medieval religious building in Oentsjerk, Friesland, Netherlands.	Protestant church of Oentsjerk	Netherlands
country	The Moika Palace or Yusupov Palace (Russian: Дворец Юсуповых на Мойке, literally the Palace of the Yusupovs on the Moika) was once the primary residence in St. Petersburg, Russia of the House of Yusupov.	Moika Palace	Russia
country	The Dhalai River (also known as Dhala River) a trans-boundary river in India and Bangladesh.	Dhalai River	Bangladesh
country	Mbizana Local Municipality is a local municipality in OR Tambo District in the Wild Coast Region of the Eastern Cape in South Africa.	Mbizana Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Nowy Głomsk (ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡwɔmsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Głomsk	Poland
country	Royal York Road, historically known as Church Street or New Church Street, is a north-south arterial road in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Royal York Road	Canada
country	Al-Quds College in Jordan was established in 1980 and is part of Luminus Education Group.	Al-Quds College	Jordan
country	Ťapešovo (Hungarian: Tyapessó) is municipality (village) near Námestovo, Žilina Region, Slovakia.	Ťapešovo	Slovakia
country	The Shortland Islands are group of islands belonging to the Western Province of the Solomon Islands, at 6.92°S 155.88°E. Named by John Shortland, they lie in the extreme northwest of the country's territory, close to the island of Bougainville, Papua New Guinea.	Shortland Islands	Solomon Islands
country	Mazraeh-ye Nazamian (Persian: مزرعه ناظميان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Nāẓamīān) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Nazamian	Iran
country	Glitterheim is a mountain cabin in the valley of Veodalen in Jotunheimen, Norway.	Glitterheim	Norway
country	Ampar (Persian: امپار‎, also Romanized as Āmpār) is a village in Dikleh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ampar	Iran
country	The Lisbon Oceanarium (Portuguese: Oceanário de Lisboa, pronounced: (osiɐˈnaɾiu dɨ liʒˈboɐ)) is an oceanarium in Lisbon, Portugal.	Lisbon Oceanarium	Portugal
country	Monarga (Greek: Μoναργά, Turkish: Boğaztepe) is a small village in Northern Cyprus, located 7 km northeast of Trikomo.	Monarga	Cyprus
country	Temora Airport (IATA: TEM, ICAO: YTEM) is a small airport located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) northwest of Temora, New South Wales, Australia.	Temora Airport	Australia
country	Chak Number Three is a place in Mandi Bahauddin District of the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Chak Number Three	Pakistan
country	Tolbachik is a volcanic complex on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the far east of Russia.	Tolbachik	Russia
country	North Bolaang Mongondow Regency is a regency of North Sulawesi Province of Indonesia.	North Bolaang Mongondow Regency	Indonesia
country	JSC Kurganmashzavod is a manufacturing company based in Kurgan, Russia.	Kurganmashzavod	Russia
country	Shah Jahanian (Urdu: شاہ جہانیاں‎) is a village located in district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Shah Jahanian	Pakistan
country	Liškovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Лишковац) is a mountain in eastern Serbia, between towns of Majdanpek and Donji Milanovac.	Liškovac	Serbia
country	Talwandi Aklia (Punjabi: ਤਲਵੰਡੀ ਅਕਲੀਆ; also known as Chhoti Talwandi) is a small village in Mansa district of Punjab, India.	Talwandi Aklia	India
country	Ecolo (which officially stands for the backronym Écologistes Confédérés pour l'organisation de luttes originales ``Confederated ecologists for the organisation of original struggles'', but is really just short for écologiste, French for environmentalist) is a French-speaking political party in Belgium based on green politics.	Ecolo	Belgium
country	Lisków (ˈliskuf) is a village in Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lisków	Poland
country	Copenhagen Malmö Port AB (CMP) operates the ports in Denmark's capital Copenhagen and in Sweden's third largest city, Malmö.	Copenhagen Malmö Port	Denmark	Sweden
country	Villianur, or Villianour, is a town in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Villianur	India
country	Chiquián (Quechua Chiqllan) is a town in central Peru.	Chiquián	Peru
country	Nunez River or Rio Nuñez is a river in Guinea with its source in the Futa Jallon highlands.	Nunez River	Guinea
country	Pitt Street is a major street in big central Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Pitt Street	Australia
country	Koromľa is a small village and municipality in the Sobrance District in the Košice Region of east Slovakia.	Koromľa	Slovakia
country	The Autovía LO-20 is an autovía in Logroño, La Rioja, Spain.	Autovía LO-20	Spain
country	Putra Indoor Stadium or Stadium Putra is an indoor arena in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Putra Indoor Stadium	Malaysia
country	Levroux is a commune in the Indre department in central France, to the north of Châteauroux.	Levroux	France
country	Meshkinshahr Geothermal Power Plant is a geothermal electricity generation station situated near Meshkinshahr, Iran.	Meshkinshahr Geothermal Power Plant	Iran
country	Isoka is a town located in the Muchinga Province of Zambia near the borders with Tanzania and Malawi.	Isoka	Zambia
country	The City of St Kilda was a local government area on Port Phillip, about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	City of St Kilda	Australia
country	Boschkapelle is a former village and municipality in the Netherlands.	Boschkapelle	Netherlands
country	Khyalganat (Mongolian: Хялганат) is an urban-type settlement or village (Mongolian: тосгон) in Khangal sum (district) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia.	Khyalganat	Mongolia
country	Ninu's Cave is an underground cave in the village of Xagħra, Gozo, Malta.	Ninu's Cave	Malta
country	Other sources say that it was named after the leader of the rebellion and early president of independent Mexico, Vicente Guerrero, the national hero who was of Mestizo and African ancestry, and sometimes called El Guerrero Negro.	Guerrero Negro	Mexico
country	Zavar-e Halkeh (Persian: زوارحلكه‎, also Romanized as Zavār-e Ḩalkeh; also known as Zavār) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zavar-e Halkeh	Iran
country	Jinbu-myeon (Hangul: 진부면; hanja: 珍富面) is a myeon (township) in Pyeongchang county of Gangwon-do South Korea.	Jinbu-myeon	South Korea
country	Järpetorp is the name of two farms, Stora Järpetorp and Lilla Järpetorp (Greater and Smaller Järpetorp, respectively), located outside the locality of Vargön in Vänersborg municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Järpetorp	Sweden
country	The Gulf of Salwah is a narrow bay separating the peninsula of Qatar from Saudi Arabia.	Gulf of Salwah	Qatar	Saudi Arabia
country	Ratno Górne (ˈratnɔ ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Oberrathen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ratno Górne	Poland
country	Đedovci (Serbian: Ђедовци) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Đedovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The International School of Information Management (ISiM) is the first Indian i-School and is an autonomous constituent institute of the University of Mysore, located in Mysore in Karnataka State, Southern India.	International School of Information Management	India
country	Tapiola Church (Finnish: Tapiolan kirkko, Swedish: Hagalunds kyrka) is a Lutheran church in the Tapiola district of Espoo, Finland.	Tapiola Church	Finland
country	Gradefes (Spanish pronunciation: (ɡɾaˈðefes)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Gradefes	Spain
country	Pending LRT Station (BP8) (pronounced as pern ding) is an LRT station on the Bukit Panjang LRT Line in Singapore.	Pending LRT Station	Singapore
country	Dublin City University (abbreviated as DCU) (Irish: Ollscoil Chathair Bhaile Átha Cliath) is a university situated between Glasnevin, Santry, Ballymun and Whitehall on the Northside of Dublin in Ireland.	Dublin City University	Ireland
country	Broscărie is a district located in the eastern part of Sibiu, Romania, next to the eastern industrial area.	Broscărie	Romania
country	Kimilili is a town and area in Kenya's Bungoma County.	Kimilili	Kenya
country	Yoro is the capital city of the Yoro Department of Honduras.	Yoro	Honduras
country	Lomas de Chapultepec is a colonia, or officially recognized neighborhood, located in the Miguel Hidalgo borough of Mexico City.	Lomas de Chapultepec	Mexico
country	Ćuška (in Serbian; Ћушка) or Qyshk (in Albanian) is a village near Peć, in western Kosovo.	Ćuška	Kosovo
country	Macedo de Cavaleiros (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐˈseðu ðɨ kɐvɐˈlɐjɾuʃ)) is a municipality in northeastern Portugal, in Bragança District.	Macedo de Cavaleiros	Portugal
country	Letnitsa Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Летница) is a small municipality (obshtina) in Lovech Province, Central-North Bulgaria, located on the border between the area of the Fore-Balkan and the Danubian Plain.	Letnitsa Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Kheyrumandan (Persian: خيرومندان‎, also Romanized as Kheyrūmandān) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kheyrumandan	Iran
country	Suomenselkä is a drainage divide in western Finland.	Suomenselkä	Finland
country	Letymvou (or Letymbou) (Greek: Λετύμβου/Λετύμπου) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 12 km north of Paphos.	Letymvou	Cyprus
country	Pescina (pronounced (peʃˈʃiːna)) is a township and comune in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, central Italy.	Pescina	Italy
country	Postville Airport (IATA: YSO, TC LID: CCD4), is located adjacent to Postville, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Postville Airport	Canada
country	The Kullen Lighthouse (Swedish: Kullens fyr) is an operational lighthouse in Scania, located by the mouth of Öresund, at the point of Kullaberg peninsula, in Höganäs, on the south-west coast of Sweden.	Kullen Lighthouse	Sweden
country	The Agrafiotis (Greek: Αγραφιώτης) is a river in Evrytania, Greece.	Agrafiotis	Greece
country	Donggwoldo is designated as the 249th National Treasure of South Korea.	Donggwoldo	South Korea
country	Burgan-e Bala (Persian: بورگان بالا‎, also Romanized as Būrgān-e Bālā, Būrgān Bāla, and Būrgān-ye Bālā; also known as Būrgān and Būrkān) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Burgan-e Bala	Iran
country	Canik is one of the main municipalities in Samsun, Turkey, located at the east of the city center.	Canik	Turkey
country	Sierra de Francia Comarca (Spanish: Comarca de los Montes de Toledo) is a comarca of Castile and León located at the southern end of the province of Salamanca, Spain.	Sierra de Francia Comarca	Spain
country	The Pong Dam, also known as the Beas Dam, is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Beas River just upstream of Talwara in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India.	Pong Dam	India
country	The Bella River (Râul Bella, Romanian) is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.	Bella River	Romania
country	Marsica is a geographical area in the Abruzzo, central Italy, including 37 comuni in the province of L'Aquila, the most important of which is Avezzano.	Marsica	Italy
country	Velké Hoštice (German: Groß Hoschütz) is a village in the district of Opava, Czech Republic.	Velké Hoštice	Czech Republic
country	Aïn Djeloula is small town and commune in the Kairouan Governorate of central Tunisia, situated 30 kilometers west of Kairouan and the eastern mountains of Jebel Ousselat.	Aïn Djeloula	Tunisia
country	In 1992, the Chuvash National Congress joined the Assembly of Turkic peoples (ATP), in 1993 - in the Organization of Non-Aligned Nations and Peoples, in 1994 - Assembly of peoples of the Volga and Ural (APVU), in 1995 - the Assembly of the Peoples of Russia (APR).	Chuvash National Congress	Russia
country	Mathur Shiva Temple is a Hindu temple located in Kunnamkulam of Thrissur District of India.	Mathur Shiva Temple	India
country	Guéckédou or Guékédou is a town in southern Guinea near the Sierra Leone and Liberian borders.	Guéckédou	Guinea
country	Corcomroe Abbey (Irish: Mainistir Chorco Modhruadh) is an early 13th-century Cistercian monastery located in the north of the Burren region of County Clare, Ireland, a few miles east of the village of Ballyvaughan in the Barony of Burren.	Corcomroe Abbey	Ireland
country	The Kresija Building (Slovene: palača Kresija) is a building that together with Philip Mansion marks the entrance to the old town of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Kresija Building	Slovenia
country	Krasar (Armenian: Կրասար; formerly, Kurdbulakh, Kurdbulak, and Kurdbulag) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Krasar	Armenia
country	Obelisk Press was an English-language press based in Paris, France, which was founded by British publisher Jack Kahane in 1929.	Obelisk Press	France
country	Lungotevere (Italian for Tiber Waterfront) is an alley or boulevard running along the river Tiber within the city of Rome (Italy).	Lungotevere	Italy
country	Aarhus Katedralskole is a cathedral school, an institution of secondary education, a Danish Gymnasium and a listed building in Aarhus, Denmark.	Aarhus Katedralskole	Denmark
country	Dinagat Island is an island located northeast of Mindanao in the Philippines.	Dinagat Island	Philippines
country	The Pyramid of Menkaure, located on the Giza Plateau in the southwestern outskirts of Cairo, Egypt, is the smallest of the three main Pyramids of Giza.	Pyramid of Menkaure	Egypt
country	Velipojë (definite Albanian form: Velipoja) is a village and a former municipality in Shkodër County, northwestern Albania.	Velipojë	Albania
country	First Minister's Questions is the name given to the weekly questioning of the leaders of devolved administrations in the United Kingdom.	First Minister's Questions	United Kingdom
country	Kohneh Lahijan (Persian: كهنه لاهيجان‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Lāhījān and Kehneh Lāhījān) is a village in Piran Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Lahijan	Iran
country	The Municipality of Divača (Slovene: Občina Divača) is a municipality in the Littoral region of Slovenia, near the Italian border.	Municipality of Divača	Slovenia
country	Mičivode (Serbian: Мичиводе) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mičivode	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kosiory (kɔˈɕɔrɨ) (German: Reusen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kosiory	Poland
country	Hospital District is the third ``distrito'' of San José Canton, Costa Rica, and is one of the four administrative units that form San José downtown properly.	Hospital District	Costa Rica
country	Teresztenye is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, in the north-east region of Hungary.	Teresztenye	Hungary
country	Cóndor Huasi (from Quechua Kuntur Wasi, kuntur condor, wasi house, ``condor house'') is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.	Cóndor Huasi	Argentina
country	The village of Sainte-Scholastique, Quebec, Canada, was the historic seat of Deux Montagnes County from 1834 until its amalgamation with neighbouring towns in 1971.	Sainte-Scholastique, Quebec	Canada
country	Gestair (Spanish: Grupo Gestair) is an aeronautical group based in Madrid, Spain.	Gestair	Spain
country	Great Gobi B Strictly Protected Area is a nature reserve in Gobi desert, situated in the south-western part of Mongolia at the border with China.	Great Gobi B Strictly Protected Area	Mongolia
country	The Front for a Country in Solidarity (Spanish: Frente por un País Solidario or FREPASO) was a political party in Argentina.	Front for a Country in Solidarity	Argentina
country	Roop Nagar is the name of two localities in Delhi, India: in Delhi 110007, a prosperous residential district, about a kilometer and a half south-west of the Delhi metro station Vishwavidyalaya;	Roop Nagar	India
country	Qezel Arkh-e Sofla (Persian: قزل ارخ سفلي ‎, also Romanized as Qezel Ārkh-e Soflá; also known as Maḩmūd Kandī; also known as Qezel Ārkh) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Arkh-e Sofla	Iran
country	Orpelów (ɔrˈpɛluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Orpelów	Poland
country	The Nevado de Toluca National Park is located southwest of the city of Toluca, Mexico State.	Nevado de Toluca National Park	Mexico
country	Høje Gladsaxe (in English: Gladsaxe Heights) is a large housing project, approximately 10 km northwest of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Høje Gladsaxe	Denmark
country	Kilian Island (also known as Elvira Island) is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Kilian Island	Canada
country	Carrefour du Nord is a regional shopping mall in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec, Canada.	Carrefour du Nord	Canada
country	Cetina (pronounced (t͡sɛ̌tina)) is a river in southern Croatia.	Cetina	Croatia
country	Mełchów (ˈmɛu̯xuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Mełchów	Poland
country	The Cordillera Negra (Spanish for ``black range'') is part of the Cordillera Occidental, one of three mountain ranges in the Andes of west central Peru.	Cordillera Negra	Peru
country	Baikushev's pine (Bulgarian: Байкушевата мура) (also known as the Baikushev white fir, or the Baikushev fir) is a coniferous tree from the species Bosnian pine (Pinus heldreichii) situated in Pirin, southwestern Bulgaria.	Baikushev's pine	Bulgaria
country	The Banff Springs Hotel is a luxury hotel that was built during the 19th century as one of Canada's grand railway hotels, being constructed in Scottish Baronial style and located in Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada.	Banff Springs Hotel	Canada
country	Qajer (Persian: قاجر‎, also Romanized as Qājer) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qajer	Iran
country	Mporokoso (also spelled and pronounced 'Mpolokoso' and 'Mumpolokoso') is a town in the Northern Province of Zambia, lying at an elevation of nearly 1500 m on the flat plateau about 75 km south east of Lake Mweru Wantipa and 100 km south-west of Lake Tanganyika.	Mporokoso	Zambia
country	Chengkung Airfield is a former World War II United States Army Air Forces airfield in China, located approximately 20 miles south-southeast of Kunming (Yunnan Province) in the People's Republic of China.	Chengkung Airfield	People's Republic of China
country	Saint-Just-le-Martel (Occitan: Sent Just) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saint-Just-le-Martel	France
country	The Gimli High School is located in the town of Gimli, in Manitoba, Canada.	Gimli High School	Canada
country	Padumabad (Persian: پدوم اباد‎, also Romanized as Padūmābād; also known as Deh Paduma, Fadamābād, Padāmābād, Padomābād, and Qadamābād) is a village in Javaran Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Padumabad	Iran
country	Łuskowo (wusˈkɔvɔ) (German Lüskow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łuskowo	Poland
country	Tarsu va Sibarun (Persian: ترسو و سيبرون‎, also Romanized as Tarsū va Sībarūn) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tarsu va Sibarun	Iran
country	Željin (Serbian Cyrillic: Жељин) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Vrnjačka Banja.	Željin	Serbia
country	Gavpash Kesteh (Persian: گاوپاشكسته‎, also Romanized as Gāvpāsh Kesteh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gavpash Kesteh	Iran
country	Odanak is an Abenaki First Nations reserve in the Centre-du-Québec region, Quebec, Canada.	Odanak	Canada
country	Glenledi, also known as Bull Creek, is a small coastal farming and holiday settlement to the east of Milton, New Zealand, in the Otago Region of New Zealand's South Island.	Glenledi	New Zealand
country	The Tuckettspitze (Italian: Cima Tuckett; German: Tuckettspitze) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Tuckettspitze	Italy
country	The Kinleith Branch railway line is located in the Waikato region of New Zealand.	Kinleith Branch	New Zealand
country	Kalisizo is a town in southern part of the Central Region of Uganda.	Kalisizo	Uganda
country	Sarcelles (French pronunciation: ​(saʁ.sɛl)) is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris, France.	Sarcelles	France
country	Rust im Tullnerfeld is located in Michelhausen, Tulln District, Lower Austria (Niederösterreich).	Rust im Tullnerfeld	Austria
country	The Critérium International de Sétif is a one-day cycling race held annually in Algeria.	Critérium International de Sétif	Algeria
country	Agortime-Kpetoe (also known simply as Kpetoe) is a small town and is the capital of Adaklu-Anyigbe district, a district in the Volta Region of Ghana.	Agortime-Kpetoe	Ghana
country	Gonbad Zia (Persian: گنبدضيا‎, also Romanized as Gonbad Ẕīā'') is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gonbad Zia	Iran
country	Unity Presbyterian Church is a presbyterian church in Belize City, Belize.	Unity Presbyterian Church	Belize
country	The Mékrou River is a river of Benin, Burkina Faso, and Niger.	Mékrou River	Benin	Burkina Faso	Niger
country	Bryndwr (/ˈbrɪndwər/ BRIND-wər; Welsh: (brənˈduːr)) is a suburb in the north-west of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Bryndwr	New Zealand
country	Aafrah is a mountain of eastern Lebanon.	Aafrah	Lebanon
country	Royal Lake of the Woods Yacht Club is a yacht club of Ontario, Canada, located on Yacht Club Island approximately 2 miles from Kenora, Ontario on Lake of the Woods.	Royal Lake of the Woods Yacht Club	Canada
country	Moleson Creek is a community on the Corentyne River in the East Berbice-Corentyne region of Guyana, located at 5°30′0``N 57°15′0''W. It is north of Orealla Mission, 10 km (6.2 mi) south of Corriverton, and approximately 90 km (56 mi) from New Amsterdam.	Moleson Creek	Guyana
country	The Darwin Beer Can Regatta is a festival event begun by Darwin businessmen, Lutz Frankenfeld and Paul Rice-Chapman, which has been held annually since 1974 in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia at Mindil Beach.	Darwin Beer Can Regatta	Australia
country	Birinci Mayak (also, Birinci Nömräli Mayak, Pervomayskiy, and Pervyy Mayak) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Birinci Mayak	Azerbaijan
country	Wabe River is a river of south-central Ethiopia.	Wabe River	Ethiopia
country	Krumperk Castle (Slovene: Grad Krumperk, German: Kreutberg) is a castle or manor located in Gorjuša near the town of Domžale in central Slovenia.	Krumperk Castle	Slovenia
country	Hronské Kľačany (Hungarian: Garamkelecsény) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Hronské Kľačany	Slovakia
country	Jyske Bank Boxen is an indoor arena, located in Herning, Denmark, that is part of the Messecenter Herning.	Jyske Bank Boxen	Denmark
country	Kruszynki (kruˈʂɨnki) (German: Geistlich Kruschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kruszynki	Poland
country	Auki is the provincial capital of Malaita Province, Solomon Islands.	Auki	Solomon Islands
country	Proszowice (prɔʂɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a town in southern Poland, situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship (since 1999), previously in Kraków Voivodeship (1975--1998).	Proszowice	Poland
country	The Knappe Tunnel (Norwegian: Knappetunnelen) is a four-lane, twin-tube motorway tunnel under construction in the city-municipality of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Knappe Tunnel	Norway
country	The Château de Vignory is a ruined castle in the commune of Vignory in the Haute-Marne département of France, 23 km north of Chaumont.	Château de Vignory	France
country	Swedish wine, in terms of wine produced commercially from grapes grown in Sweden, is a very marginal but growing phenomenon which saw its first beginnings in the late 1990s.	Swedish wine	Sweden
country	The Catholic University of Brasília (Portuguese: Universidade Católica de Brasília, UCB) is a private, non-profit, Catholic University located in Brasília, the federal capital of Brazil.	Catholic University of Brasília	Brazil
country	Trentham Railway Station is an urban railway station in Trentham, a suburb of the city of Upper Hutt in the Wellington region of New Zealand's North Island.	Trentham Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Mount Beshtor (Russian: гора Бештор, also Беш-Тёр) rises to 4,299 m in Pskem Range in the north-eastern tip of Uzbekistan's Tashkent Province.	Mount Beshtor	Uzbekistan
country	Royal Mail plc (Welsh: Post Brenhinol; Scottish Gaelic: a' Phuist Rìoghail) is a postal service company in the United Kingdom, originally established in 1516.	Royal Mail	United Kingdom
country	Asnæs is a town in Odsherred Municipality in northwestern Zealand in Denmark.	Asnæs	Denmark
country	Shangdu County (Mongolian: ᠱᠠᠩᠳᠤ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ Šaŋdu siyan; simplified Chinese: 商都县; traditional Chinese: 商都縣; pinyin: Shāngdū Xiàn) is a county of south-central Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Shangdu County	People's Republic of China
country	The Tuvan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (Russian: Тувинская АССР; Tuvan: Тыва Автономнуг Совет Социалистиг Республика Tyva Avtonomnug Sovet Socialistig Respublika), or the Tuvan ASSR, was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union.	Tuvan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	Giropay is an Internet payment System in Germany, based on online banking.	Giropay	Germany
country	Budkovce (Hungarian: Butka (ˈbutkɒ)) a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Budkovce	Slovakia
country	Siyaqut (also, Siyagut and Siyakut) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Siyaqut	Azerbaijan
country	Colo Colo de Futebol e Regatas, usually known simply as Colo Colo, is a football club from Ilhéus, Bahia, Brazil.	Colo Colo de Futebol e Regatas	Brazil
country	The Canadian Railroad Historical Association (CRHA) (French: L’Association canadienne d’histoire ferroviaire (ACHF)) is a non-profit organization established in 1932 in Canada and is ``devoted to preserving and interpreting Canada's railway heritage, which its founders and members have safeguarded from coast to coast.''	Canadian Railroad Historical Association	Canada
country	The Moqua Caves are a geological feature in the Pacific island nation of Nauru.	Moqua Caves	Nauru
country	Chicoloapan de Juárez is the municipal seat and largest city in the municipality of Chicoloapan in State of Mexico, Mexico.	Chicoloapan de Juárez	Mexico
country	Zeilgalerie is a shopping centre located at the Zeil in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Zeilgalerie	Germany
country	Eyik (Russian: Эйик; Yakut: Ээйик) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Shologonsky National Rural Okrug of Olenyoksky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 550 kilometers (340 mi) from Olenyok, the administrative center of the district.	Eyik	Russia
country	Siebnen is a village in district of March in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.	Siebnen	Switzerland
country	The Renewing Communist Ecological Left (Greek: Ανανεωτική Κομμουνιστική Οικολογική Αριστερά abbreviated AKOA) was a Eurocommunist party in Greece.	Renewing Communist Ecological Left	Greece
country	Thommanon (Khmer: ប្រាសាទធម្មនន្ទ) is one of a pair of Hindu temples built during the reign of Suryavarman II (from 1113--1150) at Angkor, Cambodia.	Thommanon	Cambodia
country	Mount Morkill is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia, near McBride which is a town in British Columbia, a province of Canada, a country on the continent of North America.	Mount Morkill	Canada
country	Lofoten (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈluːfuːtən)) is an archipelago and a traditional district in the county of Nordland, Norway.	Lofoten	Norway
country	Radomerščak (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɔmɛɾʃtʃak)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Radomerščak	Slovenia
country	Ognon Lock is a double chamber lock on the Canal du Midi in the Aude region of Languedoc, France.	Ognon Lock	France
country	Băile Felix (Hungarian: Félixfürdő) is a thermal spa resort near the commune of Sânmartin in Bihor County, Transylvania, Romania.	Băile Felix	Romania
country	Kryształowice (krɨʂtawɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kryształowice	Poland
country	Przykona (pʂɨˈkɔna) is a village in Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przykona	Poland
country	Dragon Khan is a steel sit-down roller coaster located in the PortAventura theme park in Salou (Tarragona), Catalonia, Spain.	Dragon Khan	Spain
country	Muaro Jambi Regency is a regency of Jambi, Sumatra, Indonesia.	Muaro Jambi Regency	Indonesia
country	Valaichchenai Lagoon is an estuarine lagoon in Batticaloa District, eastern Sri Lanka.	Valaichchenai Lagoon	Sri Lanka
country	Kayan Mentarang National Park is a densely forested national park in North Kalimantan province, Borneo Island, Indonesia.	Kayan Mentarang National Park	Indonesia
country	Kojetín (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkojɛciːn)) is a Moravian town, in the Olomouc Region, the Czech Republic.	Kojetín	Czech Republic
country	Duarabazar High School is a secondary school located in Dakshin Dowarabazar Union, Dowarabazar Upazila of Sunamganj District in the division of Sylhet, Bangladesh.	Duarabazar High School	Bangladesh
country	Adelaide Blue Eagles is a soccer club based at the Marden Sports Complex, South Australia.	Adelaide Blue Eagles	Australia
country	Tbilisi Railway station is a railway station located in Tbilisi, Georgia.	Tbilisi Railway station	Georgia
country	Iłówko (iˈwufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Iłówko	Poland
country	R v Hape (2007) is a case on appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada on cross-border crime.	R v Hape	Canada
country	Sebeliau is a riverside village in the Lubok Antu division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Sebeliau	Malaysia
country	The 2010 Clarkson Cup was contested at the Elgin Barrow Arena in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada.	2010 Clarkson Cup	Canada
country	The Amoranto Sports Complex is a sports complex located in Quezon City, Philippines.	Amoranto Sports Complex	Philippines
country	Winifreda is a town in the province of La Pampa, Argentina, located 50 kilometres from Santa Rosa, in the department of Conhelo.	Winifreda	Argentina
country	Grenland is a traditional district in the county of Telemark, in the south of Norway.	Grenland	Norway
country	Whitecliffs is a small town with a population of 117 in the Selwyn District of the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Whitecliffs	New Zealand
country	Rio Verde Grande (Portuguese for ``big green river'') is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.	Rio Verde Grande	Brazil
country	The Chinese Garden of Friendship (simplified Chinese: 谊园; traditional Chinese: 誼園) is a Chinese garden in Chinatown, Sydney, Australia.	Chinese Garden of Friendship	Australia
country	In Hinduism Goddess Ekvira also worshipped as Renuka in different parts of India and Nepal is mother of Chiranjivi or immortal sage Parashurama.	Ekvira	India
country	German submarine U-287 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 8 August 1942 at the Bremer Vulkan yard at Bremen-Vegesack as yard number 52.	German submarine U-287	Nazi Germany
country	The Kenmore Bypass is a proposal for a major road linking Moggill Road, Pinjarra Hills, with the Centenary Motorway, Kenmore, in Brisbane, Australia.	Kenmore Bypass	Australia
country	Smygehuk Lighthouse (Swedish: Smygehuks fyr) is a lighthouse in Trelleborg Municipality in Sweden.	Smygehuk Lighthouse	Sweden
country	Mazunga is a village in the Beitbridge District in the province of Matabeleland South, Zimbabwe.	Mazunga	Zimbabwe
country	Cvetulja (Serbian Cyrillic: Цветуља) is a village in Serbia.	Cvetulja	Serbia
country	The Islas del Rosario (Rosario Islands), also referred to as Corales Islas del Rosario (Coral Islands of Rosario), is an archipelago located off the coast of Colombia, approximately 100km from Cartagena.	Rosario Islands	Colombia
country	Nogale Manor (Latvian: Nogales muižas pils) is a manor house in Neo-Classicism style in Ārlava parish, in the Talsi municipality of the historical region of Courland, western Latvia.	Nogale Manor	Latvia
country	CBUFT-DT, UHF channel 26, is a Ici Radio-Canada Télé owned-and-operated television station located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, which serves the province's Franco-Columbian population.	CBUFT-DT	Canada
country	Sarab Ghazanfar (Persian: سراب غضنفر‎, also Romanized as Sarāb Ghaẕanfar, Sarāb-e Ghazanfar, and Sarāb Ghazanfar) is a village in Khaveh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab Ghazanfar	Iran
country	Taybola (Russian: Тайбола) is the rural locality (a Station) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Taybola	Russia
country	Shor-Tyube (Kazakh: Сортөбе, Sortobe; Russian: Сортобе, Sortobe; Dungan: Щёртюбе) is an urban-type settlement in Korday District of Jambyl Region of Kazakhstan.	Sortobe	Kazakhstan
country	Javanmardabad (Persian: جوانمرد آباد‎, also Romanized as Javānmardābād; also known as Javān Mīrābād and Jawānmīrābād) is a village in Sis Rural District, Bolbanabad District, Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Javanmardabad	Iran
country	Gedong Songo (Indonesian: Candi Gedong Songo) is a Hindu temple located in Central Java, Indonesia.	Gedong Songo	Indonesia
country	Barzhuk (Persian: برژوك‎, also Romanized as Barzhūk) is a village in Aland Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barzhuk	Iran
country	Estación Central ((Spanish pronunciation: (estaˈsjon senˈtɾal)), Spanish for ``central station'') is a commune of Chile located in Santiago Province, Santiago Metropolitan Region.	Estación Central	Chile
country	Ylitornio railway station is located in the municipality of Ylitornio in the Lapland Province of Finland.	Ylitornio railway station	Finland
country	Vourvoura (Greek: Βούρβουρα) is a village in the municipal unit of Skyritida, Arcadia, Greece.	Vourvoura	Greece
country	Jutphaas is a former village and municipality in the province of Utrecht in the Netherlands.	Jutphaas	Netherlands
country	Kuršumlija (Serbian Cyrillic: Куршумлија, pronounced (kurʃǔmlija)) is a town and municipality located in Serbia, near the rivers Toplica, Kosanica and Banjska, on the southeast of mount Kopaonik, and northwest of mount Radan.	Kuršumlija	Serbia
country	Binhai (simplified Chinese: 滨海; traditional Chinese: 濱海; pinyin: Bīnhǎi), officially known as Binhai New Area (滨海新区; 濱海新區; Bīnhǎi Xīnqū), is a sub-provincial district and state-level new area within the jurisdiction of Tianjin Municipality, People's Republic of China (PRC).	Binhai	People's Republic of China
country	Brdinje (pronounced (bəɾˈdiːnjɛ)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Brdinje	Slovenia
country	Bornuur (Mongolian: Борнуур) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia.	Bornuur	Mongolia
country	Arambala is a municipality (municipio) in the Morazán Department of El Salvador.	Arambala	El Salvador
country	Vaiaku is a village located on the southern coast of the island of Fongafale in Tuvalu.	Vaiaku	Tuvalu
country	In 1965, Sir Denis Wright, a British ambassador in Iran, was invited by the Chancellor of Shiraz University, Asadollah Alam, to a party in Eram Garden for Princess Alexandra of the Oglivy.	Eram Garden	Iran
country	Central Park Medical College (abbreviated as CPMC), established in 2008, is a private medical school (also called Medical College, in Pakistan) located on Ferozepur Road, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Central Park Medical College	Pakistan
country	Horodło (xɔˈrɔdwɔ)) is a village in Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Horodło	Poland
country	El Chal is a pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site located in the upper San Juan River valley of the southeastern Petén Basin region, Guatemala.	El Chal	Guatemala
country	Ambanja Airport (IATA: IVA, ICAO: FMNJ) is an airport in Ambanja, in the Antsiranana province of the Diana region in Madagascar.	Ambanja Airport	Madagascar
country	Vatsa Bay (Vazza) is a bay on the southern tip of Paliki peninsula of Kefalonia, Greece.	Vatsa Bay	Greece
country	Sørlandet Hospital Flekkefjord is a local hospital in Flekkefjord in the far West of Vest-Agder County in Norway.	Sørlandet Hospital Flekkefjord	Norway
country	Discovered in 1954, Lothal was excavated from 13 February 1955 to 19 May 1960 by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), the official Indian government agency for the preservation of ancient monuments.	Lothal	India
country	Chenar Bow (Persian: چناربو‎, also Romanized as Chenār Bow; also known as Chenār Bowy and Chehār Bū) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chenar Bow	Iran
country	Rendezvous Island South Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the Rendezvous Islands in Calm Channel, to the east of the north end of Read Island in the Discovery Islands at the northern end of the Strait of Georgia region.	Rendezvous Island South Provincial Park	Canada
country	It is located in the village with the same name, Capidava, in Constanţa County, Romania.	Capidava	Romania
country	CBC North (Inuktitut: ᓰᐲᓰ ᐊᑭᐊᖅᑕᖅᑐᒥ; Cree: ᓰᐲᓰ ᒌᐌᑎᓅᑖᐦᒡ; French: Radio-Canada Nord) is the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's radio and television service in Northern Canada (i.e. Yukon, Northwest Territories, Nunavut, Northern Quebec).	CBC North	Canada
country	The Belleville Jail, (or Gaol), located in Belleville, Ontario, Canada, was a maximum-security facility housing offenders awaiting trial, sentencing, transfer to federal and provincial correctional facilities, immigration hearings or deportation, and less frequently, those serving short sentences (under 90 days).	Belleville Jail	Canada
country	Radilovo (Bulgarian: Радилово) is a village in the municipality of Peshtera, Pazardzhik Province in western Bulgaria.	Radilovo	Bulgaria
country	Ozorków (ɔˈzɔrkuf) (1943-1945: Brunnstadt, Hebrew: אוזורקוב‎) is a town in central Poland with 20,731 inhabitants (2004), located on the Bzura River.	Ozorków	Poland
country	Prince Regent Inlet (73°00′N 090°30′W) is a body of water in Nunavut, Canada between the west end of Baffin Island (Brodeur Peninsula) and Somerset Island on the west.	Prince Regent Inlet	Canada
country	Wanaka Airport (IATA: WKA, ICAO: NZWF) is an airport serving the resort town of Wanaka in Otago, New Zealand.	Wanaka Airport	New Zealand
country	Snezhina (Bulgarian: Снежина) is a village in eastern Bulgaria.	Snezhina	Bulgaria
country	Bowzeh (Persian: بوزه‎, also Romanized as Bowzeh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bowzeh	Iran
country	Bagh Kaj (Persian: باغ كاج‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Kāj and Bāgh-e Kāj) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bagh Kaj	Iran
country	Rakefet (Hebrew: רַקֶּפֶת) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Rakefet	Israel
country	Kokavil (Tamil: கொக்காவில் Sinhalese: කොකාවිල්) is a village in Mullaitivu District, Sri Lanka, also called Kokkavil.	Kokavil	Sri Lanka
country	Wizna (ˈvizna) is a village in Łomża County of Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wizna	Poland
country	Donji Agići (Cyrillic: Доњи Агићи) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donji Agići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Jigooli (Persian: جیگولی ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jigooli	Iran
country	Nallıhan is a rural town and district of Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey, 157 km from the city of Ankara.	Nallıhan	Turkey
country	Zochcinek (zɔxˈt͡ɕinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zochcinek	Poland
country	The Torre BBVA Bancomer (``BBVA Bancomer Tower'') is a skyscraper on Paseo de la Reforma in Colonia Juárez, Mexico City.	Torre BBVA Bancomer	Mexico
country	Olyka Castle, located in Olyka, Ukraine was the principal seat of the Radziwill princely family in Volhynia from 1564 until the late 18th century.	Olyka Castle	Ukraine
country	Lőrinci is a town in Heves county, Hungary, situated on the Zagyva River just north of Hatvan, in the northwest corner of the Great Hungarian Plain.	Lőrinci	Hungary
country	Dr G R Damodaran College of Science (GRD College) is an ISO 9001:2008 certified institution in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	Dr G R Damodaran College of Science	India
country	Nikšić (Cyrillic: Никшић, pronounced (nîkʃit͡ɕ)) is the second largest city of Montenegro, with a total population of 57,278, located in the west of the country, in the centre of the spacious Nikšić field at the foot of Mount Trebjesa.	Nikšić	Montenegro
country	At 2,501.9 metres above sea level, Säntis is the highest mountain in the Alpstein massif of northeastern Switzerland.	Säntis	Switzerland
country	Petrocaribe is an oil alliance of many Caribbean states with Venezuela to purchase oil on conditions of preferential payment.	Petrocaribe	Venezuela
country	Sabana Llana is a barrio in San Juan, Puerto Rico.	Sabana Llana	Puerto Rico
country	Te Whanau o Tupuranga is a Designated Special Character school in New Zealand.	Te Whanau o Tupuranga	New Zealand
country	Beşadalar or Beş Adalar (Turkish meaning ``five islands''; Ancient Greek: Χελιδόνιαι; Latin: Chelidoniae Insulae; Italian: Celidoni) is a group of islands off of Cape Gelidonya on the south coast of Anatolia, Turkey.	Beşadalar	Turkey
country	Sacred Art Museum of Tineo ((Spanish): Museo de Arte Sacro de Tineo) is a sacred art museum in Tineo, Asturias, Spain.	Sacred Art Museum of Tineo	Spain
country	Lake Ejagham is a small lake near Eyumodjock in the Southwest Region of Cameroon.	Lake Ejagham	Cameroon
country	Sago Lane (Chinese: 硕莪巷) is a one-way lane in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore.	Sago Lane	Singapore
country	Lampaul-Plouarzel (Breton: Lambaol-Blouarzhel) is a commune in the Finistère department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Lampaul-Plouarzel	France
country	The Ffestiniog Power Station is a 360 megawatts (480,000 hp) pumped-storage hydroelectricity scheme near Ffestiniog, in Gwynedd, north-west Wales, United Kingdom.	Ffestiniog Power Station	United Kingdom
country	Libmanan Caves National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in Barangay Sigamot in the municipality of Libmanan, Camarines Sur in Bicol Region.	Libmanan Caves National Park	Philippines
country	Mississauga Fire and Emergency Services (MFES) provides fire fighting service for the city of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Mississauga Fire and Emergency Services	Canada
country	Freedom Crossing Monument is located on the bank of the Niagara River in Lewiston, New York, and honors the courage of fugitive slaves who sought a new life of freedom in Canada, and to the local volunteers who protected and helped them on their journey across the Niagara River.	Freedom Crossing Monument	Canada
country	The Toren van Goedereede (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtoːrə(m) vɑŋ ˌɣudəˈreːdə); Goederede Tower) is a gray square brick tower in Goedereede, Netherlands, 39.5 metres (130 ft) high, belonging to the Catharina church.	Toren van Goedereede	Netherlands
country	Gleźno (ˈɡlɛʑnɔ) (German: Hohenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gleźno	Poland
country	Dingbi (also spelled Dimgbi) is a village in north-eastern Ivory Coast.	Dingbi	Ivory Coast
country	Guludash Peak (Azerbaijani: Quludaş zirvəsi) is a peak in Talysh Mountains range in southeastern Azerbaijan.	Guludash Peak	Azerbaijan
country	Vakinankaratra is a region in central Madagascar.	Vakinankaratra	Madagascar
country	Paralimni (Greek: Παραλίμνι; Turkish: Paralimni) is a town situated in the southeast of Cyprus, slightly inland, within the Famagusta District.	Paralimni	Cyprus
country	Simonet Creek is a river which flows through the Abel Tasman National Park in the north of the South Island of New Zealand.	Simonet Creek	New Zealand
country	Tahtay Maychew (Tigrinya ``Lower Salty Water'') is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Tahtay Maychew	Ethiopia
country	Dittelsheim-Heßloch (or Dittelsheim-Hessloch) is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Alzey-Worms district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Dittelsheim-Heßloch	Germany
country	Sahyadri School (Devanāgarī: सह्याद्री स्कूल) is a residential, co-educational school in India.	Sahyadri School	India
country	The Falzarego Pass (Italian: Passo di Falzarego, Ladin: Jou de Fauzare) (el. 2.105 m) is a high mountain pass in the province of Belluno in Italy.	Falzarego Pass	Italy
country	Tigné Point is a peninsula in Sliema, Malta.	Tigné Point	Malta
country	The Îlot-Trafalgar-Gleneagles is a historic block in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, located on Côte-des-Neiges Road, on the south slope of Mount Royal.	Îlot-Trafalgar-Gleneagles	Canada
country	MS Color Magic is a cruiseferry owned and operated by the Norway-based shipping company Color Line on their route connecting Oslo, Norway to Kiel, Germany.	MS Color Magic	Norway
country	Valašské Meziříčí (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvalaʃskɛː ˈmɛzɪr̝iːtʃiː); German: Wallachisch Meseritsch) is a town in the Zlín Region, the Czech Republic.	Valašské Meziříčí	Czech Republic
country	Moryń (ˈmɔrɨɲ) (German: Mohrin) is a town in Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northwestern Poland.	Moryń	Poland
country	Takyeh-ye Armut (Persian: تكيه ارموت‎, also Romanized as Takyeh-ye Ārmūt and Tīkeh-ye Ārmūt) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Takyeh-ye Armut	Iran
country	Tirana AS are one of the first women football clubs in Albania.	Tirana AS	Albania
country	Leschenault Estuary is an estuarine lagoon that lies to the north of Bunbury, Western Australia.	Leschenault Estuary	Australia
country	Ampitiya Pallegama (Sinhala: අම්පිටිය පල්ලෙගම) is a village in Kandy, Sri Lanka.	Ampitiya Pallegama	Sri Lanka
country	Kololo Senior Secondary School (Kololo SSS), is a government-aided, mixed, middle (S1 - S4) and high (S5 - S6), day school, in Uganda.	Kololo Senior Secondary School	Uganda
country	Ruben Cantu Airport (IATA: SYP, ICAO: MPSA) is located at Santiago de Veraguas in the Veraguas Province of Panama.	Ruben Cantu Airport	Panama
country	The Acarnanian Mountains (Greek: Ακαρνανικά όρη, Akarnanika ori) is a mountain range in the northwestern part of the Aetolia-Acarnania regional unit in western Greece.	Acarnanian Mountains	Greece
country	Shakhtyorsk (Russian: Шахтёрск; Japanese: 塔路, Tōro) is a town in Uglegorsky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia, located on the western coast of the Sakhalin Island, 376 kilometers (234 mi) northwest of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Shakhtyorsk	Russia
country	Kharbala 1-ya (Russian: Харбала 1-я) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Khatylinsky Rural Okrug of Churapchinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 9 kilometers (5.6 mi) from Churapcha, the administrative center of the district.	Kharbala 1-ya	Russia
country	Janowiec (jaˈnɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Janowiec	Poland
country	Afurca (also, Afurdzha) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Afurca	Azerbaijan
country	Chaumont-sur-Aire Airdrome, also known as Hill 402, was a temporary World War I airfield in France.	Chaumont-sur-Aire Airdrome	France
country	Gordon Inlet is an estuarine inlet, located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.	Gordon Inlet	Australia
country	The Stroganov Palace (Russian: Строгановский дворец) is a Late Baroque palace at the intersection of the Moika River and Nevsky Prospect in St. Petersburg, Russia.	Stroganov Palace	Russia
country	Ridabu is a village and borough in Hamar municipality, Norway.	Ridabu	Norway
country	Bugis+, pronounced as Bugis Plus and formerly known as Iluma, is a 10 storey shopping mall which is 5 minutes walk from Bugis MRT station is located within the Bugis district of Singapore and opened its doors on March 28, 2009.	Bugis+	Singapore
country	Knowth (/ˈnaʊθ/; Irish: Cnóbha) is a Neolithic passage grave and an ancient monument of Brú na Bóinne in Ireland's valley of the River Boyne.	Knowth	Ireland
country	Adet (also known as Addiet Canna) is a town in northwestern Ethiopia.	Adet	Ethiopia
country	Büyük Saat (English: The Great Clock Tower) is a historical clock tower in Adana and the tallest clock tower in Turkey, rising 32 m (105 ft) high.	Büyük Saat	Turkey
country	Cumbria is one of the most sparsely populated counties in the United Kingdom, with 73.4 people per km2 (190/sq mi).	Cumbria	United Kingdom
country	Senanga is a town in the Western Province of Zambia, on the eastern bank of the Zambezi River, at the southern end of its Barotse Floodplain.	Senanga	Zambia
country	Compiègne (French pronunciation: ​(kɔ̃pjɛɲ)) is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.	Compiègne	France
country	Agnebergshallen is an indoor arena for sport events and concerts in Uddevalla, Sweden.	Agnebergshallen	Sweden
country	Ghakhar Mandi (Urdu: گکھڑ منڈی‎) is a town in the Gujranwala District of Pakistan, located between the Gujranwala to the southeast and Wazirabad to the northwest.	Ghakhar Mandi	Pakistan
country	Nazlu District (Persian: بخش نازلو‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nazlu District	Iran
country	Königswinter is a city and summer resort in the Rhein-Sieg district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Königswinter	Germany
country	Udachny (Russian: Удачный; IPA: (ʊˈdatɕnɨj), lit. successful or lucky; Yakut: Удачнай, Udacnay) is a town in Mirninsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the Markha River, 508 kilometers (316 mi) from Mirny, the administrative center of the district.	Udachny	Russia
country	Scotshouse (Irish: Achadh na hAbhla, meaning ``Fort of the Apples'') is a small agricultural village about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) away from the border town of Clones, in County Monaghan, Ireland.	Scotshouse	Ireland
country	World of Birds Wildlife Sanctuary and Monkey Park (often shortened to World of Birds) is a zoo in Hout Bay, a suburb of Cape Town in South Africa.	World of Birds Wildlife Sanctuary and Monkey Park	South Africa
country	The Oak Ridges Moraine Foundation (ORMF) is a non-profit organization based in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada.	Oak Ridges Moraine Foundation	Canada
country	The Association des Guides et Scouts d'Europe (AGSE, Association of the Guides and Scouts of Europe) is a Roman Catholic Scouting and Guiding organization in France.	Association des Guides et Scouts d'Europe	France
country	The Habeas Corpus Act 1816 (c.100 56 Geo 3) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that modified the law on habeas corpus to remove the rule against ``controverting the return'' in non-criminal cases.	Habeas Corpus Act 1816	United Kingdom
country	The French Party (Greek: Γαλλικό Κόμμα), presenting itself as the Constitutional Party, was one of the three informal Early Greek Parties that dominated the early political history of Modern Greece, the other two being the Russian and the English Party.	French Party	Greece
country	Lephalale or Ellisras is a coal mining town in the Limpopo province of South Africa immediately east of the Waterberg Coalfield.	Lephalale	South Africa
country	Ispatinow Island is an island in Northern Saskatchewan, Canada; the largest island on Cree Lake.	Ispatinow Island	Canada
country	Thesprotia (/θɛsˈproʊʃə/; Greek: Θεσπρωτία) is one of the regional units of Greece.	Thesprotia	Greece
country	Town and Country Executive Village is a gated subdivision at Marcos Highway, Antipolo City, Philippines.	Town and Country Executive Village	Philippines
country	The Mas de la Chapelle is a small hotel near Arles, in the south of France.	Mas de la Chapelle	France
country	The San Jorge Gulf (Golfo San Jorge) is a bay in southern Patagonia, Argentina.	San Jorge Gulf	Argentina
country	Aversa railway station (Italian: Stazione di Aversa) serves the town and comune of Aversa, in the region of Campania, southern Italy.	Aversa railway station	Italy
country	Santiago Metro Line 2 is one of the five lines that currently make up the Santiago Metro network in Santiago, Chile.	Santiago Metro Line 2	Chile
country	Pako (pronounced (ˈpaːkɔ); in older sources also Pekel) is a village north of Borovnica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Pako	Slovenia
country	Al-Andalus University for Medical Sciences (Arabic: جامعة الأندلس الخاصة للعلوم الطبية‎) is a private university based in Qadmus, Syria.	Al-Andalus University for Medical Sciences	Syria
country	Kahrizan (Persian: كهريزان‎, also Romanized as Kahrīzān) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kahrizan	Iran
country	The Onega Bay (Russian: Онежская губа, Онежский залив) is located in the Republic of Karelia and Arkhangelsk Oblast in Northwestern Russia, west of the city of Arkhangelsk.	Onega Bay	Russia
country	Šentvid pri Stični (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtʋit pɾi ˈstiːtʃni) or (ʃənˈtʋit-); German: Sankt Veit) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Šentvid pri Stični	Slovenia
country	The Thrissur Town Hall is an imposing building situated in Thrissur city, Kerala state, India.	Thrissur Town Hall	India
country	Monroyo (Catalan: (monˈroʝo)) or Mont-roig de Tastavins (Catalan: (munˈrɔdʒ ðə ˌtastəˈβins), locally: (montˈrɔdʒ ðe ˌtastaˈβins)) is a municipality located in the Matarraña/Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Monroyo	Spain
country	Handlovka is a 32 km long river in central Slovakia (Prievidza District).	Handlovka	Slovakia
country	Via Severiana was an ancient Roman road in central Italy leading from Latium to Campania (now in Lazio), running southeast from Ostia to Terracina, a distance of 80 Roman miles (c. 118 kilometres (73 mi)) along the coast.	Via Severiana	Italy
country	Lamego ( Portuguese pronunciation: (lɐˈmeɣu)) is a city and municipality in the Viseu District, in the Norte Region of the Douro in northern Portugal.	Lamego	Portugal
country	The Brejoeira Palace (Portuguese: Palácio da Brejoeira) is a palace in Monção, Portugal.	Brejoeira Palace	Portugal
country	Żmijewo-Podusie (ʐmiˈjɛvɔ pɔˈduɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żmijewo-Podusie	Poland
country	Pampeloponnisiako Stadium (Greek: Παμπελοποννησιακό Στάδιο, ``All-Peloponnese Stadium'') is a stadium located in Patras, Greece.	Pampeloponnisiako Stadium	Greece
country	Perros-Guirec (pronounced: (pɛ.ʁos ɡi.ʁɛk); Breton: Perroz-Gireg) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Perros-Guirec	France
country	The Choijin Lama Temple (Mongolian: Чойжин ламын сүм) is a Buddhist monastery in Ulaanbaatar, the capital of Mongolia.	Choijin Lama Temple	Mongolia
country	The Interactive Robots and Media Lab (IRML) is a research laboratory, originally hosted at the College of IT of the United Arab Emirates University in Al-Ain, Abu Dhabi Emirate, UAE, then moved on to the CSE facilities of New York University Abu Dhabi.	Interactive Robots and Media Lab	United Arab Emirates
country	Župečja Vas (pronounced (ʒuˈpeːtʃja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Župečja vas) is a village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia.	Župečja Vas	Slovenia
country	Matakana Island is located in the western Bay of Plenty in New Zealand's North Island.	Matakana Island	New Zealand
country	Khar-Khar is a populated place in the southern Lower Juba (Jubbada Hoose) region of Somalia.	Khar-Khar	Somalia
country	Pątnowo (pɔntˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pątnowo	Poland
country	Tongariro National Park is the oldest national park in New Zealand, located in the central North Island.	Tongariro National Park	New Zealand
country	Muanda Airport or Moanda Airport (IATA: MNB, ICAO: FZAG) is an airport serving Muanda (also spelled Moanda) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Muanda Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Majdan Średni (ˈmai̯dan ˈɕrɛdni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Majdan Średni	Poland
country	Muránska planina National Park (Slovak: Národný park Muránska planina) is one of the youngest national parks in Slovakia.	Muránska planina National Park	Slovakia
country	Wat Hua Lamphong (Thai: วัดหัวลำโพง) is a Royal Buddhist temple, third class, in the Bang Rak District of Bangkok, Thailand.	Wat Hua Lamphong	Thailand
country	DXWZ broadcasting as 94.3 Wild Zee is an FM radio station owned and operated by UM Broadcasting Network in the Philippines.	DXWZ	Philippines
country	The Poolburn Gorge is a gorge located in the Central Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand, 4 km east of the small settlement of Lauder.	Poolburn Gorge	New Zealand
country	The Simplon Pass (French: Col du Simplon; German: Simplonpass; Italian: Passo del Sempione) (2,005 m or 6,578 ft) is a high mountain pass between the Pennine Alps and the Lepontine Alps in Switzerland.	Simplon Pass	Switzerland
country	Cieux (Occitan: Síus) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department of the Limousin region in western France.	Cieux	France
country	Anikkattilammakshethram is a Hindu Temple situated in Anicadu Village, 3.5 km from Mallappally in Pathanamthitta district in the southern part of Kerala, India.	Anikkattilammakshethram	India
country	Sellin is a municipality on the Island of Rügen, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Sellin	Germany
country	The Naafkopf is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps, located at the border between Austria, Liechtenstein and Switzerland.	Naafkopf	Austria	Liechtenstein	Switzerland
country	The Ibicuy Islands (Spanish: Islas del Ibicuy) are a maze of low-level islands in the east of the Paraná Delta, within Entre Ríos Province, Argentina.	Ibicuy Islands	Argentina
country	Trenčín Airport (ICAO: LZTN) is an airport serving Trenčín, a city in the Trenčín Region of Slovakia.	Trenčín Airport	Slovakia
country	Ofoase is a small town in south Ghana and is the capital of Akyemansa District, a district in the Eastern Region of south Ghana.	Ofoase	Ghana
country	The Callan Park Hospital for the Insane (1878 -- 1914) was an insane asylum located in the grounds of Callan Park, an area on the shores of Iron Cove in the Sydney suburb of Lilyfield in Australia.	Callan Park Hospital for the Insane	Australia
country	Hessenford (Cornish: Rys an Gwraghes) is a small village in south-east Cornwall, United Kingdom, four miles west of St Germans on the A387 Polbathic to Polperro road.	Hessenford	United Kingdom
country	Deh-e Kuseh (Persian: ده كوسه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Kūseh and Deh Kūseh; also known as Deh-i-Kūzeh) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kuseh	Iran
country	Mejorada is a village located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Mejorada	Spain
country	The Port Chalmers Branch was the first railway line built in Otago, New Zealand, and linked the region's major city of Dunedin with the port in Port Chalmers.	Port Chalmers Branch	New Zealand
country	Neuf-Marché is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region in north-western France.	Neuf-Marché	France
country	Someren-Eind is a small town, located in the southeast of North Brabant, Netherlands.	Someren-Eind	Netherlands
country	The Institute of Patentees and Inventors is a United Kingdom-based non-profit making association.	Institute of Patentees and Inventors	United Kingdom
country	Ustacallı (also, Usta Cəlili and Ustadzhally) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ustacallı	Azerbaijan
country	Georgetown Football Stadium is a multi-use stadium on Vlissengen Road in Georgetown, Guyana.	Georgetown Football Stadium	Guyana
country	The Royal Johannesburg & Kensington Golf Club is a 36-hole golf complex located in Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa.	Royal Johannesburg & Kensington Golf Club	South Africa
country	Mincio (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmintʃo); Latin: Mincius, Ancient Greek: Minchios, Μιγχιος) is a river in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.	Mincio	Italy
country	Kolonia Skarszewek (kɔˈlɔɲa skarˈʂɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kolonia Skarszewek	Poland
country	Stalać (pronounced (stǎlaːtɕ)) is a village in the municipality of Ćićevac, western Serbia.	Stalać	Serbia
country	Grötlingbo Church (Swedish: Grötlingbo kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby (Sweden).	Grötlingbo Church	Sweden
country	The Swedish Police Authority (Swedish: Polismyndigheten) is the central administrative authority for the police in Sweden, responsible for law enforcement, general social order and public safety within the country.	Swedish Police Authority	Sweden
country	Wonnegau is a Verbandsgemeinde (``collective municipality'') in the district Alzey-Worms, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Wonnegau	Germany
country	Villa Hannala is a historic villa in Toppilansaari, Oulu, Finland.	Villa Hannala	Finland
country	The Secăruia Mică River is one of the two branches forming the Secăruia river in Romania.	Secăruia Mică River	Romania
country	Wan Man is a small island (pulau) in the state of Terengganu, Malaysia.	Wan Man	Malaysia
country	Egyptian Bridge (Египетский мост) in St. Petersburg, Russia, carries Lermontovsky Avenue (Лермонтовский проспект) over the Fontanka River.	Egyptian Bridge	Russia
country	The Cape Horn Biosphere Reserve (Cabo de Hornos Biosphere Reserve) is located in the extreme south of Chile and comprises marine areas, islands, fjords, channels, forests and moorland.	Cape Horn Biosphere Reserve	Chile
country	The Jardin botanique de Marnay-sur-Seine (2 hectares) is a botanical garden located on the Chemin des Gougins, Marnay-sur-Seine, Aube, Champagne-Ardenne, France.	Jardin botanique de Marnay-sur-Seine	France
country	Tang Mohr (Persian: تنگ مهر‎; also known as Tang Mehr-e Jonūbī) is a village in Mohr Rural District, in the Central District of Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang Mohr	Iran
country	Founded in 2001, Educaedu originally started in Spain with three Web sites (Busca Oposiciones, Tu Master and Canal Cursos).	Educaedu	Spain
country	Dobrun Monastery is located in the border area of the Republic of Serbia and the Srpska Republic, Bosnia and Herzegovina, 12 km away from town of Višegrad, in the gorge of Rzav River.	Dobrun Monastery	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Olkaria I Geothermal Power Station, also known as Olkaria I Geothermal Power Plant is a geothermal power station in Kenya, with an installed capacity of 185 MW.	Olkaria I Geothermal Power Station	Kenya
country	Usme is the 5th locality of the Capital District of Bogotá, capital city of Colombia.	Usme	Colombia
country	Dilkusha Guest House is a government-owned guest house located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Dilkusha Guest House	India
country	Prêles is a former municipality in the Jura bernois administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland, located in the French-speaking Bernese Jura (Jura Bernois).	Prêles	Switzerland
country	Geyve is a town in Sakarya Province in the Marmara region of Turkey.	Geyve	Turkey
country	Bibel TV (Bible Television) is Germany's first Christian television channel.	Bibel TV	Germany
country	The Kluskus Lakes are a group of lakes on the northern perimeter of the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Kluskus Lakes	Canada
country	World / India / Karnataka / Krishnarajapura, 8 km from center, Coordinates: 12°54′3``N 77°42′56''E. Carmelaram.	Carmelaram	India
country	Dinjan Airfield was a World War II airfield, located in Dinjan, approximately seven miles northeast of Chabua, in the state of Assam, India.	Dinjan Airfield	India
country	Çay Rəsullu (also, Çayrəsullu, Chay-Rasullu) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çay Rəsullu	Azerbaijan
country	Punta Santiago is the southernmost point of the island of Bioko in Equatorial Guinea.	Punta Santiago	Equatorial Guinea
country	Straumfjordvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county, Norway.	Straumfjordvatnet	Norway
country	Lac de Fully (or Lac supérieur de Fully) is a reservoir in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Lac de Fully	Switzerland
country	RNZAF Base Ohakea is an operational base of the Royal New Zealand Air Force.	RNZAF Base Ohakea	New Zealand
country	Aneityum (also known as Anatom or Keamu) is the southernmost island of Vanuatu, in the province of Tafea.	Aneityum	Vanuatu
country	Oratia is a suburb of west Auckland in New Zealand, located in the former territorial authority of Waitakere City.	Oratia	New Zealand
country	Magašići (Cyrillic: Магашићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Magašići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bartosze (barˈtɔʂɛ) (German: Bartossen (1938-45:Bartendorf)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bartosze	Poland
country	The term Chess Bundesliga (German: Schach-Bundesliga) normally refers to the premier league of team chess in Germany.	Chess Bundesliga	Germany
country	The Russian Geographical Society Glacier is in east Tajikistan, in the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province.	Russian Geographical Society	Tajikistan
country	IBC Tower is a skyscraper in the IBC building complex in Bockenheim district of Frankfurt, Germany.	IBC Tower	Germany
country	Treklyano (Bulgarian: Трекляно, pronounced (ˈtrɛklʲanu); also transliterated Trekljano or Trekliano) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria, part of Kyustendil Province.	Treklyano	Bulgaria
country	Campo de Villavidel (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkampo ðe βiʎaβiˈðel), Leonese: Campu de Villavidel) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Campo de Villavidel	Spain
country	La Gran Sabana (Spanish pronunciation: (la ɣɾan saˈβana), English: The Great Savanna), also known as Guianan savanna, is a region in southeastern Venezuela.	Gran Sabana	Venezuela
country	Hodoš railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Hodoš; Hungarian: Őrihodos or Hodos vasútállomása) serves the municipality of Hodoš, Slovenia.	Hodoš railway station	Slovenia
country	FC Lelle is an amateur football club in Lelle, Estonia.	FC Lelle	Estonia
country	Bispøyan is a group of islands in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Bispøyan	Norway
country	Shuklagandaki (Nepali: शुक्लगण्डकी) is a municipality located in Tanahu District of Gandaki Zone in the Central Development Region, Nepal.	Shuklagandaki	Nepal
country	Grgelj (pronounced (ˈɡəɾɡəl); German: Beim Gergel, Beim Görgel) is a dispersed settlement that stretches along the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Grgelj	Slovenia
country	Nikortsminda Cathedral (Georgian: ნიკორწმინდის ტაძარი) is a Georgian Orthodox Church, located in Nikortsminda, Racha region of Georgia.	Nikortsminda Cathedral	Georgia
country	Norrporten Arena, formerly Sundsvalls idrottspark, is a multi-purpose stadium in Sundsvall, Sweden.	Norrporten Arena	Sweden
country	Heideck is a town with full legal town charter in the district of Roth, in Bavaria, Germany.	Heideck	Germany
country	Reece High School is a high school in Devonport on the North West coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Reece High School	Australia
country	Fort Nepean is a former defensive facility occupying part of Point Nepean, Victoria, Australia.	Fort Nepean	Australia
country	Rutshuru Hydroelectric Power Station, also referred to as Rutshuru Hydropower Station, is a 12.5-megawatt (16,800 hp) hydroelectric power station under construction in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Rutshuru Hydroelectric Power Station	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Khajuu-Ulaan (Mongolian: Хажуу-Улаан, also Hadju-Ulan,Hadzhu-Ulan) is urban-type settlement in Ikhkhet sum (district) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia.	Khajuu-Ulaan	Mongolia
country	Moreton Road is a residential road in the Oxford suburb of North Oxford, Oxfordshire, United Kingdom.	Moreton Road	United Kingdom
country	The Candy Cane Mountains are shale mountains in Khizi Rayon and Siyazan Rayon of Azerbaijan, part of the Greater Caucasus mountain range.	Candy Cane Mountains	Azerbaijan
country	The Residencia de Estudiantes, literally the ``Student Residence'', is one of the original Spanish cultural centers in Madrid, Spain.	Residencia de Estudiantes	Spain
country	Semnan Province (Persian: استان سمنان‎‎, Ostān-e Semnān ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran.	Semnan Province	Iran
country	Michaelstein Abbey (Kloster Michaelstein) is a former Cistercian monastery, now the home of the Stiftung Kloster Michaelstein - Musikinstitut für Aufführungspraxis (``Michaelstein Abbey Foundation - Music Institute for Performance''), near the town of Blankenburg in the Harz in Sachsen-Anhalt, Germany.	Michaelstein Abbey	Germany
country	Semyazino Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Семязино) (ICAO: UUBL) is an airport in Russia located 6 km west of Vladimir.	Semyazino Airport	Russia
country	The Bangkok Christian Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลกรุงเทพคริสเตียน) is one of the oldest general hospitals in Bangkok, Thailand.	Bangkok Christian Hospital	Thailand
country	Hudi Graben (pronounced (ˈxuːdi ˈɡɾaːbən)) is a settlement on the slopes of Mount Dorča in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hudi Graben	Slovenia
country	Kučevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Кучево, pronounced (kûtʃɛʋɔ); Romanian: Cuciovă) is a town and municipality located in the Braničevo District of Serbia.	Kučevo	Serbia
country	Villinki (Swedish: Villinge) is an island and a subdistrict of Helsinki, Finland.	Villinki	Finland
country	Qeshlaq-e Sefid (Persian: قشلاق سفيد‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Sefīd; also known as Qeshlāq Sefīd-e Seyyed Salām, Qishlāq Sefīd, and Seyyed Salām) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Sefid	Iran
country	The Ošupis is a stream in the west of Lithuania in the municipality Palanga in Klaipėda County in Samogitia.	Ošupis	Lithuania
country	Torkaman Kandi (Persian: تركمان كندي‎, also Romanized as Torkamān Kandī) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Torkaman Kandi	Iran
country	Yorosso is a town and rural commune in the Yorosso Cercle, in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Yorosso	Mali
country	Schäftlarn Abbey (Kloster Schäftlarn) is a Benedictine monastery on the Isar in Schäftlarn, south of Munich in Bavaria, Germany.	Schäftlarn Abbey	Germany
country	The West Road River or Blackwater River is an important tributary of the Fraser River, flowing generally north-eastward from the northern slopes of the Ilgachuz Range and across the Fraser Plateau in the Chilcotin region of central British Columbia, Canada.	West Road River	Canada
country	The New York Foundation was created by Edward Henderson, Jacob H. Schiff, Isaac Seligman, and Paul Warburg in order that they might ``distribute... resources for altruistic purposes, charitable, benevolent, educational, or otherwise, within the United States of America''.	New York Foundation	United States of America
country	Kolonia Czartowczyk (kɔˈlɔɲa t͡ʂarˈtɔft͡ʂɨk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Czartowczyk	Poland
country	The New Theatre Royal is a Victorian theatre in the centre of Portsmouth, Hampshire, United Kingdom.	New Theatre Royal	United Kingdom
country	The Rose Historic Chapel, formerly known as the St Mary's Convent Chapel, is a heritage-listed stone church building located in Colombo Street in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Rose Historic Chapel	New Zealand
country	Nagamalai (Tamil language: நாகமலை; ``naga''=snake, ``malai''=hill) is a suburb of Madurai situated about 10 km west of Madurai City, Tamil Nadu, India, along the Madurai-Theni highway.	Nagamalai	India
country	In the 2001 India census, Karambakkam had a population of 14,591.	Karambakkam	India
country	Hamar stadion is a former athletics, speed skating and bandy stadium in Hamar, Norway.	Hamar stadion	Norway
country	The Friulian Autonomist Movement (Movimento Autonomista Friulano, MAF) is a ``liberal-Christian'' regionalist political party active in Friuli, Italy.	Friulian Autonomist Movement	Italy
country	Lundey, literally ``Puffin Island'' in Icelandic, is a small, uninhabited island off the western coast of Reykjavík, Iceland.	Lundey	Iceland
country	Ostaszewo Wielkie (ɔstaˈʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ostaszewo Wielkie	Poland
country	Magat Dam is a large rock-fill dam in the island of Luzon in the Philippines.	Magat Dam	Philippines
country	The Chenab River is a major river of India and Pakistan.	Chenab River	India
country	Göteborg Landvetter Airport (IATA: GOT, ICAO: ESGG) is an international airport serving the Gothenburg region in Sweden.	Göteborg Landvetter Airport	Sweden
country	Põhja-Tallinn (Northern Tallinn) is one of the 8 administrative districts (Estonian: linnaosa) of Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Põhja-Tallinn	Estonia
country	Sandhem Church (Swedish: Sandhems kyrka) is a church in Sandhem in Sweden.	Sandhem Church	Sweden
country	Koning Willem II College is a school in Tilburg in the Netherlands.	Willem II College	Netherlands
country	The Nggela Islands, also known as the Florida Islands, are a small island group in the Central Province of Solomon Islands, a state in the southwest Pacific Ocean.	Nggela Islands	Solomon Islands
country	The Division of Northern Territory was an Australian Electoral Division in the Northern Territory for the Parliament of Australia.	Division of Northern Territory	Australia
country	Agheshlu (Persian: اغشلو‎, also Romanized as Āgheshlū and Agheshloo; also known as Āgheshlī, Akishli, Akyshly, Āq Ashlū, and Āqeshlū) is a village in Valdian Rural District, Ivughli District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Agheshlu	Iran
country	Kärdla Airport (Estonian: Kärdla lennujaam, IATA: KDL, ICAO: EEKA) is an airport in Estonia.	Kärdla Airport	Estonia
country	Prvine (pronounced (pəɾˈʋiːnɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills above Šentožbolt in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Prvine	Slovenia
country	Great Bear Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CES9), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) south of the lodge on the Dease Arm of Great Bear Lake, Northwest Territories, Canada and is open from the middle of July until September.	Great Bear Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Leader of the House of Lords is a member of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom who is responsible for arranging government business in the House of Lords.	Leader of the House of Lords	United Kingdom
country	Shanghai High School (Chinese: 上海中学) is a top public high school in Shanghai municipality, People's Republic of China.	Shanghai High School	People's Republic of China
country	The Montmorency Falls (French: Chutes Montmorency) is a large waterfall on the Montmorency River in Quebec, Canada.	Montmorency Falls	Canada
country	Romsdalsfjorden is the ninth longest fjord in Norway.	Romsdalsfjord	Norway
country	Czarny Dunajec (ˈt͡ʂarnɨ duˈnajɛt͡s), (Slovak: Čierny Dunajec) is a village located in southern Poland near the Polish-Slovakian border.	Czarny Dunajec	Poland
country	Al-Bahluliyah (Arabic: البهلولية‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia.	Al-Bahluliyah	Syria
country	Näsbypark is a district in Täby Municipality, north of Stockholm, Sweden.	Näsbypark	Sweden
country	In March 2013 the Kingdom of the Netherlands Minister of Defence, Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert, and the Chief of Defence, Tom Middendorp, visited Marinekazerne Suffisant to inspect the miliciens.	Marinekazerne Suffisant	Kingdom of the Netherlands
country	Club Atlético Sarmiento is a football club from the city of Junín, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Club Atlético Sarmiento	Argentina
country	Reftinsky (Russian: Рефтинский) is an urban locality (a work settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of the Town of Asbest in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia.	Reftinsky	Russia
country	Dahanu is a coastal town and a municipal council in Palghar district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Dahanu	India
country	Narok (sometimes referred to as Narok Town) is a town west of Nairobi that supports Kenya's economy in south-west of the country, along the Great Rift Valley.	Narok	Kenya
country	Fairland University (FLU) was a private university in Uganda.	Fairland University	Uganda
country	Borajna (Cyrillic: Борајна) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Borajna	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The 2010 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships in speed skating were held at the Thialf ice stadium in Heerenveen, Netherlands on 6 and 7 March 2010.	2010 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships	Netherlands
country	Yerraguntla has good number of stone polish industries, and three major cement factories India Cements, Zuari Cements and Bharati Cements.	Yerraguntla	India
country	Thoor Ballylee Castle (Irish Túr Bhaile Uí Laí) is a fortified, 15th (or 16th) century Hiberno-Norman tower house built by the septs de Burgo, or Burke, near the town of Gort in County Galway, Ireland.	Thoor Ballylee	Ireland
country	Město Albrechtice (German: Olbersdorf) is a town in the Moravian part of the Czech Republic.	Město Albrechtice	Czech Republic
country	Six Nations (or Six Nations of the Grand River) is the largest First Nations reserve in Canada with a total of 25,660 members.	Six Nations of the Grand River	Canada
country	Nea Smyrni (Greek: Νέα Σμύρνη, ``New Smyrna'') is a municipality and a southern suburb of Athens, Greece.	Nea Smyrni	Greece
country	Triking is the common name for the Triking Sports Cars, the United Kingdom based manufacturer of the 3-wheeled Triking Cyclecar, located in Hingham, Norfolk, formerly in Marlingford, Norfolk.	Triking	United Kingdom
country	Brwinów (ˈbrvʲinuf) is a town in Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, about 25 km from the centre of Warsaw; according to the 2008 records Brwinów has 12131 inhabitants.	Brwinów	Poland
country	Maribojoc Church, also known as Santa Cruz Parish Church or Holy Cross Parish Church, was a Roman Catholic Church in the municipality of Maribojoc, Bohol, Philippines, under the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagbilaran.	Maribojoc Church	Philippines
country	Les Galeries Chagnon is an enclosed regional shopping mall in Lévis, Quebec, Canada.	Les Galeries Chagnon	Canada
country	Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency) (Bengali: মুর্শিদাবাদ লোকসভা কেন্দ্র) is a parliamentary constituency in Murshidabad district, West Bengal, India.	Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency)	India
country	Ekkara (Greek: Εκκάρα, before 1930: Κάτω Αγόριανη - Kato Agoriani) is a village and a community in the municipal unit Thessaliotida, Phthiotis, Greece.	Ekkara	Greece
country	The Seuil du Poitou is a geological denomination for an area in western central France where the Paris (Northeast) and Aquitaine (Southwest) sedimentary basins meet, and which also is a gap between the ancient mountain ranges Massif Armoricain (Northwest) and the Massif Central (Southeast).	Seuil du Poitou	France
country	Osorno la Mayor is a municipio in Palencia province, Castile and León, Spain.	Osorno la Mayor	Spain
country	Kashid is a beach town on the shores of the Arabian Sea, in the North Konkan region of Maharashtra, India.	Kashid	India
country	Wysoki Bór (vɨˈsɔki ˈbur) (German: Hohenwalde) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tolkmicko, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wysoki Bór	Poland
country	Ywathitgyi is a small town in Sagaing District in the southeast of the Sagaing Division in Burma (Myanmar).	Ywathitgyi	Myanmar
country	Oppède (Occitan: Opèda) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Oppède	France
country	El Oasis is a rural community in Ojinaga Municipality, Chihuahua, Mexico.	El Oasis	Mexico
country	Kala Chak (Urdu: کالا چک‎) is a village situated near Sook Khurd in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Kala Chak	Pakistan
country	Le Rocquier School is a secondary school, owned and operated by the States of Jersey, and located in the parish of St Clement in Jersey.	Le Rocquier School	Jersey
country	The County of Raglan is a county (a cadastral division) in Queensland, Australia, located mostly within the Shire of Banana in Central Queensland.	County of Raglan	Australia
country	Nanosana is a small village in India, situated in Banaskantha district in northern Gujarat, India.	Nanosana	India
country	Nicosia Old General Hospital was the chief hospital of Nicosia, Cyprus from 1936 to 2006.	Nicosia Old General Hospital	Cyprus
country	Jérémie Airport (IATA: JEE, ICAO: MTJE) is the fifth busiest airport in Haiti in terms of passenger traffic and is located in the city with the same name, Jérémie, in the southwest of Haiti.	Jérémie Airport	Haiti
country	Staryya Vasilishki (Belarusian: Старыя Васілішкі, Russian: Старые Василишки, Starye Vasilishki, Polish: Stare Wasiliszki, literally: ``Old Vasilishki'') is a village in Vasilishki Selsoviet, Shchuchyn district, Hrodna Voblast, Belarus.	Staryya Vasilishki	Belarus
country	Gol-e Darakht (Persian: گل درخت‎) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gol-e Darakht	Iran
country	The Continuity Irish Republican Army or Continuity IRA (CIRA) is an Irish republican paramilitary group that aims to bring about a united Ireland.	Continuity Irish Republican Army	Ireland
country	Treburrick is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, in the parish of St Eval.	Treburrick	United Kingdom
country	The Manuel Piar Hydroelectric Power Plant (Tocoma Dam) is under construction and it is the last hydroelectric development project in the Lower Caroní River Basin of Venezuela.	Tocoma Dam	Venezuela
country	Șicula (Hungarian: Sikula) is a commune in Arad County, Romania, is situated on the southern part of the Teuz Plateau, along the Crişul Alb River.	Șicula	Romania
country	Estevan Point is a lighthouse located on the headland of the same name on the Hesquiat Peninsula on the west coast of Vancouver Island, Canada.	Estevan Point	Canada
country	The ESET Technical School of Engineering (acronym by which the Escuela Superior de Enseñanzas Técnicas - (E.S.E.T.) in Spanish) is the school of engineering of the CEU Cardinal Herrera University, located in Alfara del Patriarca (Valencia), Spain.	ESET Technical School of Engineering	Spain
country	Shenazand (Persian: شنازند‎, also Romanized as Shenāzand and Shanāzand; also known as Chenāzand and Chīnīzand) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Shenazand	Iran
country	The Investigator Group is an archipelago in South Australia that consists of Flinders Island and five island groups located off the western coast of the Eyre Peninsula.	Investigator Group	Australia
country	Jaglice (jaˈɡlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Jaglice	Poland
country	Kfar Chleymane also Kfarchleiman is a small village of the Batroun District in the north of Lebanon located 16 km from Batroun and 69 km from Beirut.	Kfar Chleymane	Lebanon
country	Smilavichy (Belarusian: Смілавічы, Śmiłavičy) or Smilovichi (Russian: Смило́вичи ) is a town settlement in Belarus in the Minsk Province, located at 53.75°N 28.02°E at 156 m altitude.	Smilavichy	Belarus
country	Anqasmarka (Quechua anqas blue, marka village, ``blue village'', hispanicized spelling Ancasmarca), also known as Pitusiray or Sallqasa (Sallcasa), is a 5,198 metres (17,054 ft) high mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru.	Anqasmarka	Peru
country	Czochanie-Góra (t͡ʂɔˈxaɲe ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czochanie-Góra	Poland
country	Aktau Airport (Kazakh: Ақтау халықаралық әуежайы, Russian: Международный аэропорт Актау) is an airport in Aktau, Kazakhstan (IATA: SCO, ICAO: UATE).	Aktau Airport	Kazakhstan
country	Tsuren (Ukrainian: Цурень; Romanian: Țureni) is a commune (selsoviet) in Hertsa Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Tsuren	Ukraine
country	Meglenik (pronounced (mɛˈɡleːnik)) is a small settlement northeast of Trebnje in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in Slovenia.	Meglenik	Slovenia
country	Balaciu is a commune located in Ialomiţa County, Romania.	Balaciu	Romania
country	Khodynka Aerodrome (officially Frunze Central Aerodrome, often referred to as Tsentralny Aerodrome) was an airport in Moscow, Russia located 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northwest of the centre of the city.	Khodynka Aerodrome	Russia
country	Dzierżawy (d͡ʑerˈʐavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dzierżawy	Poland
country	The Donjon de Houdan (Houdan Keep) is a medieval fortified tower in the commune of Houdan in the Yvelines département of France.	Donjon de Houdan	France
country	Kenespa (Persian: كنس پا‎, also Romanized as Kenespā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kenespa	Iran
country	Kuheh-ye Do (Persian: كوهه دو‎, also Romanized as Kūheh-ye Do) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kuheh-ye Do	Iran
country	Kamatero (Greek: Καματερó (kamateˈro); officially Καματερόν) is a suburb northwest of Athens, Greece.	Kamatero	Greece
country	Khajura Bajaar is a municipality in Banke District in the Bheri Zone in mid-western Nepal.	Khajura Bajaar	Nepal
country	Amvrosiivka (Ukrainian: Амвросіївка; Russian: Амвросиевка; since 1869) is a city and the administrative center of the Amvrosiivka Raion within Donetsk Oblast (province), Ukraine.	Amvrosiivka	Ukraine
country	Zlaté Moravce District (Slovak: okres Zlaté Moravce) is a district in the Nitra Region of western Slovakia.	Zlaté Moravce District	Slovakia
country	Talvorik (Armenian: Տալվորիկ) is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Talvorik	Armenia
country	Tisler is a small island in south-east Norway in Østfold.	Tisler	Norway
country	Kalpeshwar (Sanskrit: कल्पेश्वर) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Shiva located at an elevation of 2,200 m (7,217.8 ft) in the picturesque Urgam valley in the Garhwal region of Uttarakhand state in India.	Kalpeshwar	India
country	Dillingen, or Dillingen an der Donau (Dillingen on the Danube) is a town in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany.	Dillingen an der Donau	Germany
country	Mondovì (Italian pronunciation: (mondoˈvi); Ël Mondvì in Piemontese, Mons Regalis in Latin) is a town and comune (township) in Piedmont, northern Italy, about 80 kilometres (50 mi) from Turin.	Mondovì	Italy
country	Navashino (Russian: Нава́шино) is a town and the administrative center of Navashinsky District in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Oka River, 158 kilometers (98 mi) southwest of Nizhny Novgorod, the administrative center of the oblast.	Navashino	Russia
country	The Aschaff is a river in the northern Spessart in Bavaria, Germany.	Aschaff	Germany
country	Zarqan (Persian: زرقان‎‎, also Romanized as Zarqān; also known as Zarghanak and Zargān) is a city in and the capital of Zarqan District, in Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zarqan	Iran
country	Crognaleto is a comune and city of slightly less than 2,000 people in the Province of Teramo, central Italy.	Crognaleto	Italy
country	Hedzranawo is a town located in the Volta Region of Ghana between Denu and Adafienu.	Hedzranawo	Ghana
country	Ayrlies Garden is a country garden near Whitford, southeast of Auckland on the North Island of New Zealand.	Ayrlies Garden	New Zealand
country	Eisenberg an der Raab is a small village in Burgenland, Austria south of Sankt Martin an der Raab, near the Slovenian and Hungarian frontiers.	Eisenberg an der Raab	Austria
country	The Chiemgau Railway (German: Chiemgaubahn) is a single-tracked, 9.6 kilometre long railway line between Prien am Chiemsee and Aschau im Chiemgau in the state of Bavaria in southern Germany.	Chiemgau Railway	Germany
country	Fès-Meknès (Berber: ⴼⴻⵙ-ⵎⴻⴽⵏⴰⵙ; Arabic: فاس-مكناس‎) is one of the twelve Regions of Morocco.	Fès-Meknès	Morocco
country	Mazraeh-ye Now Bahar (Persian: مزرعه نوبهار‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Now Bahār) is a village in Jabal Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Now Bahar	Iran
country	The Republic of Venice (Italian: Repubblica di Venezia; Venetian: Repùblica Vèneta), or traditionally known as the Most Serene Republic of Venice (Italian: Serenissima Repubblica di Venezia), was a state originating from the lagoon communities in the area of Venice, now northeastern Italy.	Republic of Venice	Italy
country	Kurtalan (Kurdish: Misirc) is a district of Siirt Province of Turkey.	Kurtalan	Turkey
country	Haukeland University Hospital (Norwegian: Haukeland universitetssykehus) is a hospital in Bergen, Norway, and one of the eleven institutions that make up Bergen Hospital Trust.	Haukeland University Hospital	Norway
country	Women's College, Silchar (Bengali: ), established in 1963 at Silchar, is a women's higher education institution in India.	Women's College, Silchar	India
country	Dareh Senji (Persian: داره سنجي‎, also Romanized as Dāreh Senjī) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dareh Senji	Iran
country	Ala Daghlu (Persian: الاداغلو‎, also Romanized as Ālā Dāghlū; also known as Owlād Oghlū) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District, Basharyat District, Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Ala Daghlu	Iran
country	Politehnica University of Bucharest (Romanian: Universitatea Politehnica din București) is a technical university in Bucharest, Romania.	Politehnica University of Bucharest	Romania
country	Poste Maurice Cortier was a desert halt in the Sahara Desert in southern Algeria.	Poste Maurice Cortier	Algeria
country	Dalanjargalan (Mongolian: Даланжаргалан, Seventy happiness) is a sum (district) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia.	Dalanjargalan	Mongolia
country	Kudahuvadhoo (Dhivehi: ކުޑަހުވަދޫ) is one of the inhabited islands of Dhaalu or South Nilande Atoll in the Maldives.	Kudahuvadhoo	Maldives
country	The Ngorongoro Conservation Area (NCA) is a conservation area and a UNESCO World Heritage Site located 180 km (110 mi) west of Arusha in the Crater Highlands area of Tanzania.	Ngorongoro Conservation Area	Tanzania
country	Casimir Catholic College is a co-educational Roman Catholic high school (years 7--12) in the Sydney suburb of Marrickville, New South Wales, Australia.	Casimir Catholic College	Australia
country	L'Hospitalet-près-l'Andorre (L'Espitalet in Occitan) is a commune in the Ariège department of southwestern France.	L'Hospitalet-près-l'Andorre	France
country	Samaná El Catey International Airport (IATA: AZS, ICAO: MDCY), also called Aeropuerto Internacional Presidente Juan Bosch (AISA), is a new international airport that opened on 6 November 2006, serving the province of Samaná in the Dominican Republic.	Samaná El Catey International Airport	Dominican Republic
country	Frogner Church (Norwegian: Frogner kirke) is a church in the Frogner borough of the city of Oslo, Norway.	Frogner Church	Norway
country	The Tiercering (from the French word tierce, meaning a third) refers to a historical event in the Netherlands on July 9, 1810, when Emperor Napoleon imposed a reduction of interest to one third of the norm on Dutch government bonds.	Tiercering	Netherlands
country	Brandvlei Dam is an earth-fill type dam on the Lower Brandvlei River in Western Cape, South Africa.	Brandvlei Dam	South Africa
country	Keta Lagoon, also called Anlo-Keta lagoon, is the largest of the over 90 lagoons that cover the 550 km stretch of the coastline of Ghana.	Keta Lagoon	Ghana
country	Aaliwala or Aliwala is a town and union council of Dera Ghazi Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Aaliwala	Pakistan
country	Ushkatty is a Village in Aktobe Region, in the western part of Kazakhstan.	Ushkatty	Kazakhstan
country	Bharathi Vidya Bhavan is a co-educational residential senior secondary school in Erode in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Bharathi Vidya Bhavan	India
country	Mažeikiai ( pronunciation , Samogitian: Mažeikē, Polish: Możejki) is a city in the north-western Lithuania, on the Venta River.	Mažeikiai	Lithuania
country	The Creaking Tree String Quartet is a Canadian progressive all-instrumental bluegrass and acoustic roots band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Creaking Tree String Quartet	Canada
country	The Battle of El Toro (March 6, 1820) was a battle fought near Maullín, Chile between Chilean patriots and Spanish royalists, during the Chilean War of Independence.	Battle of El Toro	Chile
country	The Trøndelag Commuter Rail (Norwegian: NSB Lokaltog Trøndelag, previously Trønderbanen) is a commuter train service operating in Nord-Trøndelag and Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.	Trøndelag Commuter Rail	Norway
country	Ala-Kintaus is a rather small lake of Finland.	Ala-Kintaus	Finland
country	Ruam Chit (Thai: ร่วมจิต) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Tha Pla District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Ruam Chit	Thailand
country	Sir George Williams University is a former university that was located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Sir George Williams University	Canada
country	The 2003 World Horticultural Exposition (in German: Internationale Gartenschau 2003) was organized in the City of Rostock in Germany.	2003 World Horticultural Exposition	Germany
country	Sidi Hsayn is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.	Sidi Hsayn	Libya
country	Malishegu is a nucleated farming community located along the Tamale-Kumbungu trunk road in Tamale Metropolitan District in the Northern Region of Ghana.	Malishegu	Ghana
country	Basankusu Territory is an administrative division of Équateur Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Basankusu Territory	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Yaxa Dəllək (also, Yakha-Dallyak and Yakhadellyak) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yaxa Dəllək	Azerbaijan
country	San Asensio is a municipality and town in the La Rioja autonomous community, northern Spain.	San Asensio	Spain
country	Rio dos Sinos is a river in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, southern Brazil.	Rio dos Sinos	Brazil
country	Aqdasiyeh (Persian: اقدسيه‎, also Romanized as Āqdasīyeh) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Aqdasiyeh	Iran
country	Puerto Princesa International Airport (Filipino: Paliparang Pandaigdig ng Puerto Princesa) (IATA: PPS, ICAO: RPVP) is an airport serving the general area of Puerto Princesa, located in the province of Palawan in the Philippines.	Puerto Princesa International Airport	Philippines
country	Chadegan County (Persian: شهرستان چادگان‎) is a county in Isfahan province, Iran.	Chadegan County	Iran
country	Firlus (ˈfirlus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Firlus	Poland
country	Ytterøya is an island in the Trondheimsfjord in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ytterøya	Norway
country	Shinsumiyogawa Dam (Japanese: 新住用川ダム) is a dam in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1959.	Shinsumiyogawa Dam	Japan
country	The 2014 Helsinki University massacre plan was a mass murder planned by two people in Helsinki, Finland.	2014 Helsinki University massacre plan	Finland
country	Norsk Kollektiv Pensjonskasse was a life insurance company based in Bergen, Norway.	Norsk Kollektiv Pensjonskasse	Norway
country	Participators and owners of DEGES are the Federal Republic of Germany (42,91%) as well as the federal states Brandenburg, Hamburg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt, Schleswig-Holstein and Thuringia with 8,16% each.	DEGES	Germany
country	Lihtenberk Castle (Slovene: Grad Lihtenberk, German: Schloss Lichtenberg) is a 13th-century castle ruin located in the municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia, directly adjacent to the later Bogenšperk Castle.	Lihtenberk Castle	Slovenia
country	The 2011 Saxony-Anhalt train collision occurred on 29 January 2011, when a freight train and a passenger train collided near Hordorf in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany on the Magdeburg--	2011 Saxony-Anhalt train collision	Germany
country	Ain Janna (Arabic: عين جنّا) is a village is located in the Ajloun Governorate in the north-western part of Jordan.	Ain Janna	Jordan
country	Bakarac (Italian: Buccarizza) is a village in Bay of Bakar, Croatia.	Bakarac	Croatia
country	Basbellain (Luxembourgish: Kiirchen, German: Niederbesslingen) is a village in the commune of Troisvierges, in northern Luxembourg.	Basbellain	Luxembourg
country	The Specialist Cadet School (abbreviation: SCS), formerly the School of Infantry Specialists (SISPEC), is the military training centre for specialists (NCO-equivalents) in the Singapore Army.	Specialist Cadet School	Singapore
country	Garfam (Persian: گرفم‎, also Romanized as Garfan) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Garfam	Iran
country	Kąty Węgierskie (ˈkɔntɨ vɛnˈɡʲɛrskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieporęt, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kąty Węgierskie	Poland
country	Dohngi Dam lies 2 kilometers northwest of Gujar Khan in Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan.	Dohngi Dam	Pakistan
country	Umunze is the headquarters of Orumba south local government area in Anambra state of Nigeria.	Umunze	Nigeria
country	Edgecumbe is a town in the Bay of Plenty of the North Island of New Zealand, 15 kilometres to the west of Whakatane and eight kilometres south of the Bay's coast.	Edgecumbe	New Zealand
country	The Cartagena Refinery is an oil refinery in Cartagena, Colombia.	Cartagena Refinery	Colombia
country	Vourvoulos (Greek: Βουρβούλος) is a village on the island of Santorini in Greece.	Vourvoulos	Greece
country	Sishui County (simplified Chinese: 泗水县; traditional Chinese: 泗水縣; pinyin: Sìshuǐ Xiàn) is a county of southwestern Shandong province, People's Republic of China.	Sishui County	People's Republic of China
country	Corullón (Spanish pronunciation: (koɾuˈʎon)) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain) .	Corullón	Spain
country	Dada Harir Stepwell (Gujarati: દાદા હરિર વાવ, Hindi: दादा हरीर बावड़ी, Marathi: दादा हरीर बारव) is a stepwell in Asarwa area of Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Dada Harir Stepwell	India
country	Cimetière parisien de Thiais is one of the three Parisien cemeteries extra muros, located in the commune of Thiais, which is in the Val-de-Marne department, in the Île-de-France region.	Cimetière parisien de Thiais	France
country	The Ilmenspitze (Italian: Cima degli Olmi) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the boarder between South Tyrol and Trentino, Italy.	Ilmenspitze	Italy
country	Slættaratindur is the highest mountain in the Faroe Islands, at an elevation of 880 metres.	Slættaratindur	Faroe Islands
country	Kralanh District is a district located in Siem Reap Province, in north-west Cambodia.	Kralanh District	Cambodia
country	The Newcastle Flyer was the last express train in Australia to be worked by steam locomotives.	Newcastle Flyer	Australia
country	Velgošti (Macedonian: Велгошти) is a village near Ohrid, Macedonia.	Velgošti	Macedonia
country	São Paulo Province was one of the provinces of Brazil.	São Paulo Province	Brazil
country	The 2015 Le Samyn des Dames was the fourth running of the women's Le Samyn, a women's bicycle race in Hainaut, Belgium.	2015 Le Samyn des Dames	Belgium
country	Giluyeh (Persian: گيلوئيه‎‎, also Romanized as Gīlūyeh; also known as Gelī Yū) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Giluyeh	Iran
country	The Berendrecht Lock is the world's largest lock, giving access to the right-bank docks of the Port of Antwerp in Belgium.	Berendrecht Lock	Belgium
country	Selfoss Airport (ICAO: BISF) is an airport serving Selfoss, a town in the Árborg municipality in southern Iceland, on the banks of Ölfusá river.	Selfoss Airport	Iceland
country	The Borsig Palace (German: Palais Borsig) was an iconic building at the corner of Voßstraße and Wilhelmstraße in the center of Berlin and one of the grandest Italianate villas in Germany.	Borsig Palace	Germany
country	Modena (Italian: (ˈmɔːdena); Etruscan: Mutna; Latin: Mutina; Modenese: Mòdna) is a city and comune (municipality) on the south side of the Po Valley, in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.	Modena	Italy
country	Galang Refugee Camp accommodated Indochinese refugees from 1979 to 1996 on Galang Island in the Riau Islands of Indonesia.	Galang Refugee Camp	Indonesia
country	Matiari Taluka is an administrative subdivision, (taluka), of Matiari District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Matiari Taluka	Pakistan
country	Aínsa is the main town in the Aínsa-Sobrarbe municipal term, Aragon, Spain.	Aínsa	Spain
country	Łabuchy (waˈbuxɨ) (German: Labuch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łabuchy	Poland
country	The Port of Belgrade (Serbian: Лука Београд, Luka Beograd) is a cargo port on the Danube river in Belgrade, Serbia.	Port of Belgrade	Serbia
country	L'As du Fallafel (English: The Ace of Falafel) is a Kosher Middle Eastern restaurant located at 34, Rue des Rosiers in the ``Pletzl'' Jewish quarter of the Le Marais neighborhood in Paris, France.	L'As du Fallafel	France
country	Anime Evolution is an annual three-day anime convention held in Metro Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada organized by AE Convention Corp. until 2010 and by the Vancouver Anime Convention Society since 2012.	Anime Evolution	Canada
country	Xiuning County (simplified Chinese: 休宁县; traditional Chinese: 休寧縣; pinyin: xiūníng xiàn) is a county in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, under the jurisdiction of Huangshan City.	Xiuning County	People's Republic of China
country	The Caledonian Ground, often simply known as ``The Caley'', is a major sports venue in the New Zealand city of Dunedin.	Caledonian Ground	New Zealand
country	Ruppichteroth is a municipality in the Rhein-Sieg district, in the southern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Ruppichteroth	Germany
country	Balatonalmádi, a town of 8,500 inhabitants, is a popular resort town near the northeast corner of Lake Balaton, in Hungary.	Balatonalmádi	Hungary
country	Syukeyevo Caves (Russian: Сюкеевские пещеры, Tatar: Сөйке мәгарәләре) were a group of caves in what is today Kamsko-Ustyinski District, Tatarstan, Russia.	Syukeyevo Caves	Russia
country	Following its independence, the Slovenia committed itself to protecting the Škocjan Caves area; for this reason, it established Škocjan Caves Regional Park and its managing authority, the Škocjan Caves Park Public Service Agency.	Škocjan Caves Regional Park	Slovenia
country	Sukhaphiban (Thai: สุขาภิบาล, translated sanitary districts) were administrative divisions of Thailand.	Sukhaphiban	Thailand
country	Shahbuz State Reserve was created on the area of 31.39 km² of Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan by a decree of President of Azerbaijan on June 16, 2003.	Shahbuz State Reserve	Azerbaijan
country	Vienne Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Maurice de Vienne) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, dedicated to Saint Maurice, and a national monument of France, in the city of Vienne, Isère.	Vienne Cathedral	France
country	Solwezi Airport is an airport near the T5 motorway in Solwezi, Zambia (IATA: SLI, ICAO: FLSW).	Solwezi Airport	Zambia
country	The Pindaré River is a river in Maranhão state of north-central Brazil.	Pindaré River	Brazil
country	Sorkheh Darreh (Persian: سرخه دره‎; also known as Sorkheh Dar and Sorkhdar) is a village in Nesa Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Sorkheh Darreh	Iran
country	Əbil (formerly Ukrainskiye Otruba, 26 Bakı Komissarı) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əbil	Azerbaijan
country	Zelše (pronounced (ˈzeːu̯ʃɛ)) is a village along the road linking Cerknica and Postojna, at the northwestern part of the karst Cerknica Polje in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zelše	Slovenia
country	The Campos Novos Dam (also known as Barragem de Campos Novos locally) is a hydroelectric dam in the Santa Catarina state in southern Brazil.	Campos Novos Dam	Brazil
country	The Vilnius St. Joseph Seminary is a Roman Catholic seminary in Vilnius, Lithuania.	Vilnius St. Joseph Seminary	Lithuania
country	Kumoh National Institute of Technology (Acronym: KIT; Korean, 금오공과대학교, Kumoh Gonggwa Daehakgyo, colloquially KumohGongdae) is a national research and business development (R&BD) university in Republic of Korea (South Korea).	Kumoh National Institute of Technology	South Korea
country	Turbići (Cyrillic: Турбићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Turbići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kushk-e Bidak (Persian: كوشك بيدك‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Bīdak and Kūshk Bīdak; also known as Kooshké Bidak and Kūshk-e Bīd, and) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Bidak	Iran
country	The Sung Am Archives of Classical Literature is a literature museum in Seoul, South Korea.	Sung Am Archives of Classical Literature	South Korea
country	Bloor Street United Church is a United Church of Canada church (William R. Gregg, Architect) located at 300 Bloor Street West in downtown Toronto, near the intersection with Huron Street.	Bloor Street United Church	Canada
country	Kinnartangen is a small area between Lahell and Hyggen in Røyken County, Buskerud, Norway.	Kinnartangen	Norway
country	The 1935 Digor earthquake occurred on 1 May at Digor, Kars in Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	1935 Digor earthquake	Turkey
country	Khaz-e Bahari (Persian: خازبهاري‎, also Romanized as Khāz-e Bahārī) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khaz-e Bahari	Iran
country	Batanovtsi (Bulgarian: Батановци, pronounced (ˈbatənuftsi)) is a town in western Bulgaria.	Batanovtsi	Bulgaria
country	Ransol (Catalan pronunciation: (rənˈsɔɫ), locally: (ranˈsɔɫ)) is a village in Andorra, located in the parish of Canillo.	Ransol	Andorra
country	The Château d'Oiron is located in Oiron, in the Deux-Sèvres département of western France.	Château d'Oiron	France
country	El Hamma (Arabic: الحامة‎ Al Ḥāmmah) is an oasis town located in the Gabès Governorate, 30 kilometers west of Gabès, Tunisia and near the eastern end of Chott el Fejej.	El Hamma	Tunisia
country	Radfan or the Radfan Hills is a region of the Republic of Yemen.	Radfan	Yemen
country	Patisia or Patissia (Greek: Πατήσια) is a neighbourhood of central Athens, Greece.	Patisia	Greece
country	The Section Internationale Anglophone de Buc (SIAB) is a bilingual school in the town of Buc, department of Yvelines, France.	Section Internationale Anglophone de Buc	France
country	Karimabad-e Seyyed Ali Khamenehi (Persian: كريم ابادسيدعلي خامنه اي‎, also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Seyyed ʿAlī Khāmeneh’ī; also known as Ḩeydarābād and Karīmābād) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Karimabad-e Seyyed Ali Khamenehi	Iran
country	Interestingly, ethnographer Ralph Beals reported in the early 1930s that the Acaxee tribe from western Mexico played a ball game called ``vatey (or) batey'' on ``a small plaza, very flat, with walls at the sides''.	Acaxee	Mexico
country	Laktaši (Serbian Cyrillic: Лакташи) is a town and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Laktaši	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Joniškis District Municipality (Joniškio rajono savivaldybė) is a territorial unit of Lithuania with a population of about 30,000.	Joniškis District Municipality	Lithuania
country	The Nocte Award is a Spanish literary award presented by Nocte (Spanish Horror Writers Association) to those books worthy of mention published in Spain in the previous year, and also to those initiatives and careers that then and now dignify horror literature.	Nocte Award	Spain
country	Khipro (Urdu: کھپرو, Sindhi :کپرو ) is a taluka, an administrative subdivision, of the Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Khipro	Pakistan
country	Mineralnye Vody (Russian: Минеральные Воды; IPA: (mʲɪnʲɪˈralʲnɨjə ˈvodɨ); lit. mineral waters) is a town in Stavropol Krai, Russia, located along the Kuma River and the main rail line between Rostov-on-Don in Russia and Baku in Azerbaijan.	Mineralnye Vody	Russia
country	The Werner von Siemens Ring (in German orthography, Werner-von-Siemens-Ring) is one of the highest awards for technical sciences in Germany.	Werner von Siemens Ring	Germany
country	Lancaster Airpark (TC LID: CLA6) is an aerodrome located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) north north-east of Lancaster, Ontario, Canada.	Lancaster Airpark	Canada
country	Dunjak (Serbian Cyrillic: Дуњак) is a village in Croatia.	Dunjak	Croatia
country	The 2001 Honda Indy 300 was the twentieth and penultimate round of the 2001 CART World Series Season, held on 28 October 2001 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit, Surfers Paradise, Queensland, Australia.	2001 Honda Indy 300	Australia
country	Kvitsøy Church (Norwegian: Kvitsøy kirke) is a parish church in Kvitsøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Kvitsøy Church	Norway
country	Bồng Sơn is a town (thị trấn) in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Bồng Sơn	Vietnam
country	Cape Colville is the northernmost point of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island.	Cape Colville	New Zealand
country	Järvenpää mosque is a mosque located in the town of Järvenpää, Finland, 30 kilometres outside the capital Helsinki.	Järvenpää mosque	Finland
country	Kan Mohla (Urdu: کاں موہلہ‎) is a village in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Kan Mohla	Pakistan
country	The Zappeion (Greek: Ζάππειον Μέγαρο, Záppeion Mégaro, listen ); is a building in the National Gardens of Athens in the heart of Athens, Greece.	Zappeion	Greece
country	The Eschbach Dam (German: Eschbachtalsperre) was the first dam to be built in Germany for drinking water supply.	Eschbach Dam	Germany
country	Egmont National Park is located south of New Plymouth, close to the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	Egmont National Park	New Zealand
country	Galera Airfield is an abandoned military airfield in the Umbria region of central Italy, 5.3 km south-southwest of Umbertide.	Galera Airfield	Italy
country	Wat Kalayanamitr Varamahavihara (Thai: วัดกัลยาณมิตรวรมหาวิหาร, rtgs: Wat Kanlayanamit Woramahawihan, IPA: (wát kanlajaːnamít wɔːráʔmahǎːwíʔhǎːn)) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in Bangkok, Thailand.	Wat Kalayanamitr	Thailand
country	The Catedral Basílica San Carlos Borromeo or Puno Cathedral is an Andean Baroque cathedral in the city of Puno in south-eastern Peru.	Puno Cathedral	Peru
country	Callejón Diamante (Diamond Alley) is an important central street in the city of Xalapa in the state of Veracruz in eastern Mexico.	Callejón Diamante	Mexico
country	Cranmer Court, the former Christchurch Normal School, was one of the most significant heritage buildings in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Cranmer Court	New Zealand
country	Cranberry Portage railway station is a station located in Cranberry Portage in Manitoba, Canada just past Wekusko Falls Provincial Park,.	Cranberry Portage railway station	Canada
country	Chishawasha is the name of a Roman Catholic Jesuit mission located about 25 km east of Harare, Zimbabwe.	Chishawasha	Zimbabwe
country	Kartalkaya is a ski resort located in the Köroğlu Mountains, in Bolu Province, Turkey.	Kartalkaya	Turkey
country	Banabo (also known as Banab) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast.	Banabo	Ivory Coast
country	National Pingtung Institute of Commerce (NPIC; Chinese: 國立屏東商業技術學院; pinyin: Guólì Píngdōng Shāngyè Jìshù Xuéyuàn) was a public higher education located in Pingtung City, Pingtung County, Taiwan.	National Pingtung Institute of Commerce	Taiwan
country	Varazgah (Persian: ورازگاه‎, also Romanized as Varāzgāh) is a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Varazgah	Iran
country	Russobit-M is one of the largest distributors of PC games in Russia and the CIS, and is a key player in the PC game industry.	Russobit-M	Russia
country	Old Washermanpet locally known as ``Pazhaya Vannarapettai'' is located in the northern part of Chennai, a city situated on the east coast of the southern India.	Washermanpet	India
country	The Abbey of St. Martin, Laon, established in 1124 in Laon in the modern department of Aisne in northern France, was one of the earliest foundations of the Premonstratensian Order.	Abbey of St. Martin, Laon	France
country	Christchurch Casino is a casino located in Christchurch, New Zealand offering casino games.	Christchurch Casino	New Zealand
country	Lamb Air Ltd. was an airline that began operations in 1934 in The Pas, Manitoba, Canada and went out of business in 1981.	Lamb Air	Canada
country	Johnson, Drake & Piper, Inc., Appellant, v. United States of America, Appellee.	Johnson, Drake & Piper, Inc.	United States of America
country	The Alcázar of Seville (Spanish ``Reales Alcázares de Sevilla'' or ``Royal Alcazars of Seville'', (Spanish pronunciation: (alˈkaθar))) is a royal palace in Seville, Spain, originally developed by Moorish Muslim kings.	Alcázar of Seville	Spain
country	Fyksesund Bridge (Norwegian: Fyksesundbrua) is a suspension road bridge that spans the Fyksesund fjord on the road that goes between the villages of Øystese and Ålvik in the municipality of Kvam in Hordaland county, Norway.	Fyksesund Bridge	Norway
country	Berrwiller (dialectal name: Barwillr; German: Berrweiler) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Berrwiller	France
country	Kuwae is a submarine caldera between Epi and Tongoa islands in Vanuatu.	Kuwae	Vanuatu
country	Hammerfest Airport (Norwegian: Hammerfest lufthavn; IATA: HFT, ICAO: ENHF) is a regional airport at Prærien in Hammerfest, Norway.	Hammerfest Airport	Norway
country	Dolnje Brezovo (pronounced (ˈdoːlnjɛ ˈbɾeːzɔʋɔ)) is a small village on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Dolnje Brezovo	Slovenia
country	Kani Shirineh (Persian: كاني شيرينه‎, also Romanized as Kānī Shīrīneh; also known as Kānī Shīrīn) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kani Shirineh	Iran
country	Eisk Airport (IATA: EIK) is an airport located near the city of Eisk, Russia.	Eisk Airport	Russia
country	Ghutku is a town in Bilaspur district of Chhattisgarh state in central India.	Ghutku	India
country	Na'aman River, in Hebrew Nahal Na'aman (Hebrew: נחל נעמן‎), is a stream in northwestern Israel.	Na'aman River	Israel
country	The Young Centre for the Performing Arts is a theatre in the Distillery District in downtown Toronto, Canada.	Young Centre for the Performing Arts	Canada
country	Goure (fr. Gouré) is a town in southeastern Niger, Zinder Region, Goure Department, of which it is the seat.	Goure	Niger
country	Port Ross is a natural harbour on Auckland Island in the Auckland Islands Group, a subantarctic chain that forms part of the New Zealand Outlying Islands.	Port Ross	New Zealand
country	Ol Doinyo Eburru is an active complex of volcanoes in the Great Rift Valley, Kenya to the northwest of Lake Naivasha.	Ol Doinyo Eburru	Kenya
country	Uibis, also Uibes, is an informal settlement in the Hardap Region in southern central Namibia.	Uibis	Namibia
country	Dobrovelychkivka (Ukrainian: Добровеличківка) is an urban-type settlement located in Kirovohrad Oblast (region) of southern Ukraine.	Dobrovelychkivka	Ukraine
country	The Janapar Trail, marked in 2007, leads from the southern town of Hadrut to the capital of Stepanakert over the course of a week, and from there continues north to the region of Shahumian, and on to Vardenis in Armenia.	Janapar	Armenia
country	Ampitiya Udagama (Sinhala: අම්පිටිය උඩගම) is a village in Kandy, Sri Lanka.	Ampitiya Udagama	Sri Lanka
country	The Camden News was a weekly newspaper published in Camden, New South Wales, Australia from 1881 to 1982.	Camden News	Australia
country	Largdasht (Persian: لرگ دشت‎) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Largdasht	Iran
country	Madkhun (Persian: مدخون‎, also Romanized as Madkhūn and Modkhūn) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Madkhun	Iran
country	The Fredensborg Houses (Danish: Fredensborghusene) form a housing complex in natural surroundings on the outskirts of the small town of Fredensborg in the north of Zealand, Denmark.	Fredensborg Houses	Denmark
country	Mníšek pod Brdy (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɲiːʃɛk ˈpodbr̩dɪ)) is a town south west of Prague in the Czech Republic, in Central Bohemian Region.	Mníšek pod Brdy	Czech Republic
country	Baekhyeon-dong (금곡동, 柏峴洞) is neighborhood of Bundang district in the city of Seongnam, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Baekhyeon-dong	South Korea
country	Osobne (ɔˈsɔbnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Osobne	Poland
country	Sampson House is a commercial office building in Hopton Street, Southwark, London, United Kingdom.	Sampson House	United Kingdom
country	Niemur River, a perennial stream of the Murray catchment and part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the western Riverina region of south western New South Wales, Australia.	Niemur River	Australia
country	Warmi Mach'ay (Quechua warmi woman, mach'ay cave, ``woman cave'', hispanicized spelling Huarmimachay) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 m (15,748 ft) high.	Warmi Mach'ay	Peru
country	Bni Bouayach or Aït Bouayach is a town in Al Hoceïma Province, Taza-Al Hoceima-Taounate, Morocco.	Bni Bouayach	Morocco
country	The Gulf of Squillace (Italian: Golfo di Squillace; Latin: Scylleticus Sinus or Scyllaceus Sinus; Greek: Σκυλλητικὸς κόλπος) is a body of water, an inlet of the Ionian Sea along the Calabrian coast of Italy.	Gulf of Squillace	Italy
country	Terry Fox Stadium, also known as the Terry Fox Athletic Facility is an athletic field in Ottawa, Canada, named after cancer research activist Terry Fox.	Terry Fox Stadium	Canada
country	Seremban Municipal Council (MPSNS; Malay: Majlis Perbandaran Seremban) is a local authority in Malaysia which administers Seremban towns and other areas such as Senawang, Rasah, Mambau and Paroi.	Seremban Municipal Council	Malaysia
country	Sivrihisar (Turkish: Sivrihisar, ``a pointed castle'') is a town and district of Eskişehir Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.	Sivrihisar	Turkey
country	Müqtədir (also, Mukhtadir or Muxtedir) is a coastal village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Müqtədir	Azerbaijan
country	Patmati (Persian: پتمتي‎, also Romanized as Patmatī) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Patmati	Iran
country	Spout Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSU6), is located on Spout Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Spout Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Byzantine Museum of Kastoria is a museum in Kastoria in Greece, dedicated to religious art from the area's late Byzantine and post-Byzantine periods.	Byzantine Museum of Kastoria	Greece
country	Wola Pasikońska (ˈvɔla paɕiˈkɔɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos,inside Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Pasikońska	Poland
country	St Francis Bay (Afrikaans: St Francisbaai) is a holiday village in Sarah Baartman District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, roughly one hour's drive from Port Elizabeth.	St Francis Bay	South Africa
country	Sacile is a town and comune in the province of Pordenone, in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of north-east Italy.	Sacile	Italy
country	Motahaldu is town in City Haldwani, Nainital district in the Indian States and territories of India of Uttarakhand.	Motahaldu	India
country	Distrito Telefónica is the headquarters of the Spanish telecom company Telefónica, S.A. in Las Tablas, a neighborhood in the Fuencarral-El Pardo district of Madrid, Spain, accessible from the A-1 ``Autovía del Norte'' and the M-40 ring road.	Distrito Telefónica	Spain
country	The Laeken Cemetery (French: Cimetière de Laeken, Dutch: Begraafplaats van Laken), located in Laeken in the northern part of Brussels, is one of the major cemeteries in Belgium.	Laeken Cemetery	Belgium
country	Dom Darreh Humian (Persian: دم دره هوميان‎, also Romanized as Dom Darreh Hūmīān; also known as Dom Darreh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dom Darreh Humian	Iran
country	Royal Oasis Wankaner is one of the finest heritage hotel of India.	Wankaner	India
country	Montalto Uffugo is a city and comune of the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Montalto Uffugo	Italy
country	Şəbiyan (also, Shabian and Shabiyan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şəbiyan	Azerbaijan
country	Sipiada (Greek: Σηπιάδα) is a former municipality in Magnesia, Thessaly, Greece.	Sipiada	Greece
country	Jabłów (ˈjabwuf) (German Gaablau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Bogaczowice, within Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jabłów	Poland
country	Musoma Rural District is one of the seven districts of Mara Region of Tanzania.	Musoma Rural District	Tanzania
country	Founded in 1878, the American Collegiate Institute (``Özel İzmir Amerikan Koleji'' in Turkish), referred to by the acronym ACI, is a private co-educational high school in Goztepe, İzmir, Turkey.	American Collegiate Institute	Turkey
country	North-Wright Airways is an airline based in Norman Wells, Northwest Territories, Canada.	North-Wright Airways	Canada
country	Vellavu is a place in the Pariyaram gram panchayat of the Kannur District, state of Kerala, India.	Vellavu	India
country	Woodford International School, also called the International School, is a school in Honiara, Solomon Islands; apart from the Honiara Solomon Islands College of Higher Education (SICHE), a university in Honiara; and the University of the South Pacific (USP) Solomon Islands Campus.	Woodford International School	Solomon Islands
country	Santa Maria Capua Vetere is a town and comune in the province of Caserta, part of the region of Campania (southern Italy).	Santa Maria Capua Vetere	Italy
country	Sathon Road (Thai: ถนนสาทร, usually Sathorn, also Satorn) is a major road that passes through Sathon district in central Bangkok, Thailand.	Sathon Road	Thailand
country	Goubetto, also spelled Goubétto, is a town in Djibouti.	Goubetto	Djibouti
country	Titanyen is a village in Haiti, north of the capital, Port-au-Prince and some eight kilometres from Cabaret.	Titanyen	Haiti
country	The second, Bylandt-Rheydt, inherited Rheydt, later calling themselves Baron of Rheydt, and gained control of much land, including land in Austria, the Netherlands and Germany.	Bylandt	Germany
country	Laurein (Italian: Lauregno) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Bolzano.	Laurein	Italy
country	Sir Syed Colony (Urdu: سر سید کالونی ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of New Karachi Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Sir Syed Colony	Pakistan
country	Mahendraparvata (Khmer: មហេន្ទ្របវ៌ត) is an ancient city of the Khmer Empire era in Cambodia.	Mahendraparvata	Cambodia
country	Ramechhap District (Nepali: रामेछाप जिल्ला Listen ), a part of Janakpur Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia.	Ramechhap District	Nepal
country	Gmina Kodeń is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, on the border with Belarus.	Gmina Kodeń	Poland
country	Shahin Shahr (Persian: شاهين شهر‎‎, also Romanized as Shāhīn Shahr) is a city in and the capital of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Shahin Shahr	Iran
country	Dan Academic Center was founded in 2011 by top academics, chief executives and entrepreneurs from the high tech and IT industries in Israel as an unprecedented initiative to create a unique academic college that specializes in the high tech and IT fields and to bring together academic education with front-line practical knowledge .	Dan Academic Center	Israel
country	Umeå East Station (Swedish: Umeå Östra) is a railway station in Umeå, Sweden.	Umeå East Station	Sweden
country	Ballinode (Irish: Béal Átha an Fhóid) is a village situated some 6 km from Monaghan Town and 3 km from Scotstown in County Monaghan, Ireland.	Ballinode	Ireland
country	Ghungrila (Urdu: گُھنگريله‎) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil Punjab, Pakistan.	Ghungrila	Pakistan
country	Biniew (ˈbiɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Biniew	Poland
country	Sarsegaz (Persian: سرسگاز‎, also Romanized as Sarsegāz) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarsegaz	Iran
country	Morh Kfarsghab ( known also as Morh Kfar Sghab, Murh Kafarsghab or Mrah Kfarseghab; Arabic: مرح كفرصغاب‎, pronounced (ˈmurħ kafarsˤiˈɣaːb) ( )) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Morh Kfarsghab	Lebanon
country	Thierhaupten is a market town in south-central Germany in the district of Augsburg (district) in the Swabia administrative region of Bavaria, and is located at the Lech river valley.	Thierhaupten	Germany
country	Gustmeyer House (Danish: Gustmeyers Gård) is a historic property on Ved Stranden, opposite Christiansborg Palace on Slotsholmen, in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Gustmeyer House	Denmark
country	Karangahape Road (commonly known as K' Road) is one of the main streets in the central business district (CBD) of Auckland, New Zealand.	Karangahape Road	New Zealand
country	Gračnica (pronounced (ˈɡɾaːtʃnitsa)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Savinja River in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Gračnica	Slovenia
country	Golden Mile Complex (Chinese: 黄金坊; pinyin: Huángjīn fāng) is a high-rise commercial and residential building on Beach Road in Kallang, Singapore.	Golden Mile Complex	Singapore
country	The Ryazan State University named for S. A. Yesenin (Russian: Рязанский государственный университет имени С. А. Есенина) is a university in Ryazan, Ryazan Oblast, Russia.	Ryazan State University	Russia
country	Savudrija (Italian: Salvore) is a coastal settlement in northwestern Istria, Croatia.	Savudrija	Croatia
country	The Cinta Costera (meaning Coastal Beltway) is a 26-hectare (64-acre) land reclamation project in Panama City, Panama, completed in 2009 at a cost of $189 million.	Cinta Costera	Panama
country	Srinivasapuram is a slum located in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Srinivasapuram	India
country	Sebeta is a town and separate woreda in central Ethiopia.	Sebeta	Ethiopia
country	The Northumberland Strait (French: détroit de Northumberland) is a strait in the southern part of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence in eastern Canada.	Northumberland Strait	Canada
country	Kurmangazy District (Kazakh: Құрманғазы ауданы, Qurmanğazı awdanı) is a district of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan.	Kurmangazy District	Kazakhstan
country	Ljuljaci (Serbian Cyrillic: Љуљаци) is a village located in the Knić municipality in the Šumadija District, Serbia.	Ljuljaci	Serbia
country	The Moderate Women (Swedish: Moderatkvinnorna) is a women's wing in Sweden, connected to the Moderate Party.	Moderate Women	Sweden
country	Koleje Mazowieckie (Masovian Railways) is a regional rail operator in the Masovian Voivodeship of Poland.	Koleje Mazowieckie	Poland
country	The American School in Taichung (AST, traditional Chinese: 台中美國學校; simplified Chinese: 台美国学校; pinyin: Táizhōng Měiguó Xuéxiào) is an international school in Taichung City, Taiwan offering grades one to twelve.	American School in Taichung	Taiwan
country	Punta Senyalada, also known as Pic de la Torreta and Pic dels Soldats, is a mountain of Catalonia, Spain.	Punta Senyalada	Spain
country	The Sandugo Festival is an annual historical celebration that takes place every year in Tagbilaran City on the island of Bohol in the Philippines.	Sandugo Festival	Philippines
country	Landsberg am Lech (Landsberg on the river Lech) is a town in southwest Bavaria, Germany, about 65 kilometers west of Munich and 35 kilometers south of Augsburg.	Landsberg am Lech	Germany
country	Bathou, also spelt Bathu, is a village of Attock District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Bathou	Pakistan
country	Marconahalli is in the Tumkur district in India.	Marconahalli	India
country	Shorbachy Vtoryye (also, Shorbanchi) is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Shorbachy Vtoryye	Azerbaijan
country	The Oppressed is a Welsh anti-fascist Oi! band that formed in 1981 in Cardiff (United Kingdom).	The Oppressed	United Kingdom
country	Bryggen (Norwegian for the Wharf), also known as Tyskebryggen (the German Wharf), is a series of Hanseatic commercial buildings lining the eastern side of the fjord coming into Bergen, Norway.	Bryggen	Norway
country	Raciążek (raˈt͡ɕɔ̃ʐɛk) is a village in Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Raciążek	Poland
country	United Bus was a bus manufacturing group created by DAF Bus and BOVA (both from the Netherlands) in 1989.	United Bus	Netherlands
country	Lake Clearwater is in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand and is subjected to the strong prevailing northwesterly winds.	Lake Clearwater	New Zealand
country	Bolviri (Persian: بلويري‎, also Romanized as Bolvīrī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bolviri	Iran
country	Mount Meron (Hebrew: הר מירון‎, Har Meron; Arabic: جبل الجرمق‎, Jabal al-Jarmaq) is a mountain in Israel.	Mount Meron	Israel
country	Załęże-Eliasze (zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ ɛˈljaʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Różan, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Załęże-Eliasze	Poland
country	Skoulli (Greek: Σκούλλι) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 7 km south of Polis Chrysochous.	Skoulli	Cyprus
country	The Phlegraean Islands (Italian: Isole Flegree (ˈiːzole fleˈɡrɛːe)) are an archipelago in southern Italy, and comprise the islands of Ischia, Procida, Vivara, and Nisida, to which Capri is sometimes added.	Phlegraean Islands	Italy
country	The Shire of Pakenham was a local government area located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Pakenham	Australia
country	The 2017 World Aquatics Championships -- 17th FINA World Aquatics Championships will be held in Budapest, Hungary from July 14--30, 2017.	2017 World Aquatics Championships	Hungary
country	Ofafa is a southeastern neighborhood of Nairobi, Kenya.	Ofafa	Kenya
country	The 2013 Belgian Grand Prix (formally known as the 2013 Formula 1 Shell Belgian Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race on 25 August 2013 at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Spa, Belgium.	2013 Belgian Grand Prix	Belgium
country	The Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית מעלה יוסף‎, Mo'atza Azorit Ma'aleh Yosef) is a regional council in the Upper Galilee, part of the North District of Israel, situated between the towns of Ma'alot-Tarshiha and Shlomi.	Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council	Israel
country	Morbi produces 70% of India's gross ceramic production and 5% of the world's needs, around 80% of the country's Compact Fluorescent Lamp (CFL) production and is the largest producer of wall clocks in India.	Morbi	India
country	Qamsar District (Persian: بخش قمصر‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qamsar District	Iran
country	Santo Stefano in Manciano is a medieval abbey, long abandoned, at Manciano (frazione of Trevi) in Umbria, Italy.	Santo Stefano in Manciano	Italy
country	Holy Family Virika Hospital, commonly referred to as Virika Hospital, is a private, community hospital, in Fort Portal, Kabarole District, Western Uganda.	Virika Hospital	Uganda
country	Stadice is a small village near Teplice in the northern part of the Czech Republic.	Stadice	Czech Republic
country	Yanasinqa (Quechua yana black, sinqa nose, ``black nose'', hispanicized spelling Yanashinga, Yanasinga) or Yanashinqa (in the local Quechua variant) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 metres (17,717 ft) high.	Yanasinqa	Peru
country	Grabnica (ɡrabˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzany, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Grabnica	Poland
country	R v U (FJ) is a leading case of the Supreme Court of Canada.	R v U (FJ)	Canada
country	The Commonwealth of Nations Anzio War Cemetery is to be found about a kilometer from Anzio town in the Lazio region of Italy.	Anzio War Cemetery	Italy
country	Savarian (Persian: سواريان‎, also Romanized as Savārīān; also known as Hānī Qorbānī and Kānī Qorbānī) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Savarian	Iran
country	Yarpuz is a village in the central district (Osmaniye) of Osmaniye Province, Turkey.	Yarpuz	Turkey
country	The Kaihu River is a river of the far north of New Zealand's North Island.	Kaihu River	New Zealand
country	Herrsching am Ammersee is a municipality in Upper Bavaria, Germany, on the east shore of the Ammersee, southwest of Munich.	Herrsching	Germany
country	Lieråsen Tunnel is a single-tubed railway tunnel of the Drammen Line situated in Asker, Røyken and Lier in Norway.	Lieråsen Tunnel	Norway
country	Matochina (Bulgarian: Маточина, ``lemon balm'') is a small village in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Svilengrad municipality, Haskovo Province.	Matochina	Bulgaria
country	Balgarovo (Bulgarian: Българово) (in Greek Stahtohori) is a small town in southeastern Bulgaria.	Balgarovo	Bulgaria
country	Sydybyl (Russian: Сыдыбыл; Sakha: Сыдыбыл) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Chochunsky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 22 kilometers (14 mi) from Vilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Sydybyl	Russia
country	Mount Soche is a mountain near Blantyre, Malawi.	Mount Soche	Malawi
country	Pietrapertosa is part of I Borghi più Belli d'Italia (The most beautiful villages in Italy), an Italian association that notes small towns of strong artistic and historical interest.	Pietrapertosa	Italy
country	Mecseknádasd (Croatian: Nadoš, Nadaš; German: Nadasch) is a town in Baranya county, Hungary.	Mecseknádasd	Hungary
country	Larnaca (Greek: Λάρνακα (ˈlarnaka); Turkish: Larnaka or İskele) is a city on the southern coast of Cyprus and the capital of the eponymous district.	Larnaca	Cyprus
country	Mare de Déu del Mont, also known as Serra del Mont, is a mountain range of the Alta Garrotxa natural region, Catalonia, Spain.	Mare de Déu del Mont	Spain
country	Rząśnia (ˈʐɔ̃ɕɲa) is a village in Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rząśnia	Poland
country	Mniów (mɲuf) is a village in Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mniów	Poland
country	Iłowa (iˈwɔva) (German: Halbau) is a town in Żagań County, in Lubusz Voivodeship, Poland, the administrative seat of the Gmina Iłowa.	Iłowa	Poland
country	Rawatpur is a suburb in North Kanpur, India, situated about 10 km from Kanpur on the NH 91 to Delhi.	Rawatpur	India
country	CHJJ-FM is a christian radio station which broadcasts a christian adult contemporary format on 90.7 MHz/FM in Cobourg, Ontario, Canada.	CHJJ-FM	Canada
country	Gornje Impolje (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnjɛ ˈimːpɔljɛ); in older sources also Gorenje Impole, German: Oberimpelhof) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Gornje Impolje	Slovenia
country	Union for a Better Future of BiH (Bosnian: Savez za bolju budućnost BiH) is a Bosniak centre-right political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Union for a Better Future of BiH	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Farres (Greek: Φαρρές) is a former municipality in Achaea, West Greece, Greece.	Farres	Greece
country	The Churches of Chiloé in Chile's Chiloé Archipelago are a unique architectural phenomenon in the Americas, and one of the most prominent styles of Chilota architecture.	Churches of Chiloé	Chile
country	The Cyber Security Task Force is organized under the department of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness Canada.	Cyber Security Task Force	Canada
country	Łomazy (wɔˈmazɨ) is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łomazy	Poland
country	Meropi (Greek: Μερόπη) is a village and a community in the municipality of Oichalia, in Messenia, Greece.	Meropi	Greece
country	Sankt Peter-Ording is a popular German seaside spa and a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Sankt Peter-Ording	Germany
country	The Sardinia Project (Progetto Sardegna, PS) was a social-democratic regionalist political party active in Sardinia, Italy.	Sardinia Project	Italy
country	St Mark's Campanile (Campanile di San Marco in Italian) is the bell tower of St Mark's Basilica in Venice, Italy, located in the Piazza San Marco.	St Mark's Campanile	Italy
country	Hoscheid (Luxembourgish: Houschent) is a small town in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Hoscheid	Luxembourg
country	Zulesk (Persian: زولسك‎, also Romanized as Z̄ūlesk; also known as Zahisk, Zolisk, and Zūleng) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zulesk	Iran
country	Šķēde is a suburban settlement near Liepāja, Latvia, in Medze parish.	Šķēde	Latvia
country	The Roman Baths of Ankara are the ruined remains of an ancient Roman bath complex in Ankara, Turkey, which were uncovered by excavations carried out in 1937-1944, and have subsequently been opened to the public as an open-air museum.	Roman Baths of Ankara	Turkey
country	Dehnow-e Deh Kohneh (Persian: ده نو ده كهنه‎; also known as Dehnow) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Deh Kohneh	Iran
country	Narazeni (Georgian: ნარაზენი) is a village in Georgia situated 17 km east of Zugdidi.	Narazeni	Georgia
country	Frogner Manor (Frogner Hovedgård) was a manor house and former estate in today's borough of Frogner in Oslo, Norway.	Frogner Manor	Norway
country	The Archway Theatre is a unique amateur theatre based in Horley, Surrey, United Kingdom.	Archway Theatre	United Kingdom
country	Endarasha is a settlement in Kenya's former Central Province.	Endarasha	Kenya
country	Sayrik'uchu (Aymara and Quechua sayri tobacco, k'uchu corner, ``tobacco corner'', hispanicized spelling Sayrecucho) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Sayrik'uchu	Peru
country	The Fritz Thyssen Foundation (German: Fritz Thyssen Stiftung) is a private nonprofit foundation in Germany, created on 7 July 1959 by Amélie Thyssen and Anita Gräfin Zichy-Thyssen and named in memory of August and Fritz Thyssen.	Fritz Thyssen Foundation	Germany
country	Qattinah (Arabic: قطينة‎, also spelled Kattineh) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located south of Homs.	Qattinah	Syria
country	Atal Bihari Vajpayee Stadium or Nadaun Stadium or Amtar Ground is a cricket stadium in Nadaun, Himachal Pradesh, India.	Atal Bihari Vajpayee Stadium	India
country	Devsar is a census town in Navsari district in the state of Gujarat, India.	Devsar	India
country	Jonzier-Épagny is a commune in the Haute-Savoie départment in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Jonzier-Épagny	France
country	Giannaioi (Greek: Γιανναίοι) is a community of the municipal unit of Falaisia in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Giannaioi	Greece
country	Niška Banja (Serbian Cyrillic: Нишка Бања, meaning Spa of Niš) is a spa town in southern Serbia, located 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) east of its third largest city, Niš.	Niška Banja	Serbia
country	Danići (Serbian Cyrillic: Данићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Danići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Fort Longueuil was a stone fort that stood in Longueuil, Canada from 1690 to 1810.	Fort Longueuil	Canada
country	Brynderwyn is a settlement in Northland near Whangarei in New Zealand.	Brynderwyn	New Zealand
country	Nettur is a village segment which comes under the jurisdiction of Thalassery municipality, in the state of Kerala, India.	Nettur	India
country	Oleksandrivsk (Ukrainian: Олександрівськ, Russian: Александровск) is a small city in Luhansk Municipality, Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Oleksandrivsk	Ukraine
country	Gazice (pronounced (ɡaˈziːtsɛ)) is a village on the right bank of the Krka River southwest of Cerklje ob Krki in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Gazice	Slovenia
country	Huatulco National Park, also known as Bahias de Huatulco National Park is a national park of Oaxaca, Mexico.	Huatulco National Park	Mexico
country	The Żołynia gas field in Poland was discovered in 1962.	Żołynia gas field	Poland
country	The Windsor Police Service is a police force originally established on July 1, 1867, to provide service to the City of Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Windsor Police Service	Canada
country	The Bathurst Channel is a narrow offshore stretch of water that links Port Davey with Bathurst Harbour in the South West region of Tasmania, Australia.	Bathurst Channel	Australia
country	Darsan (Persian: دارسان‎, also Romanized as Dārsān) is a village in Irandegan Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Darsan	Iran
country	Pachian (Persian: پاچيان‎, also Romanized as Pāchīān and Pāchīyān; also known as Pājeyān) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District, Jafarabad District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Pachian	Iran
country	The Gorges du Tarn is a canyon formed by the Tarn River between the Causse Méjean and the Causse de Sauveterre, in southern France.	Gorges du Tarn	France
country	Olvera is a town located in the province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Olvera	Spain
country	The Garfagnana is a historical and geographical region of central Italy, today part of the province of Lucca, in Tuscany.	Garfagnana	Italy
country	Batavia Road is an anchorage, or roadstead, in the Pelsaert Group of the Houtman Abrolhos, off the coast of Western Australia.	Batavia Road	Australia
country	Ab-e Sefidab (Persian: اب سفيداب‎, also Romanized as Āb-e Sefīdāb) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Ab-e Sefidab	Iran
country	Language Inspectorate (Estonian: Keeleinspektsioon) is a governmental body under the Ministry of Education of Estonia.	Language Inspectorate	Estonia
country	The Ackertklippe is a rock formation in Königshütte in the district of Harz in the Harz mountains of Germany.	Ackertklippe	Germany
country	The Maastricht Natural History Museum (Dutch: Natuurhistorisch Museum Maastricht) is a small museum of natural history in Maastricht, Netherlands.	Maastricht Natural History Museum	Netherlands
country	The Fort de la Montagne (also called Fort des Messieurs or Fort Belmont) was an old fortification, the remaining structures of which are located on Sherbrooke Street in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Fort de la Montagne	Canada
country	Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), established in 1942, is an autonomous body and the largest research and development (R&D) organisation in India.	Council of Scientific and Industrial Research	India
country	Taguasco (Spanish pronunciation: (taˈɣwasko)) is a municipality and town in the Sancti Spíritus Province of Cuba.	Taguasco	Cuba
country	Taiyara is an isolated town in North Kurdufan State in central Sudan, 50 kilometres east of El Obeid.	Taiyara	Sudan
country	City Beach Senior High School was a senior high school in City Beach, Western Australia in the Perth area.	City Beach Senior High School	Australia
country	Kozija Luka (Serbian Cyrillic: Козија Лука) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kozija Luka	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mollaj is a village and a former municipality in the Korçë County, southeastern Albania.	Mollaj	Albania
country	Stanground Academy is a co-educational academy school and specialist college for sport, in the city of Peterborough in the United Kingdom.	Stanground Academy	United Kingdom
country	Rajoa Sadat is a town and Union Council of Chiniot District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Rajoa Sadat	Pakistan
country	Dong Ap Bia (Vietnamese: Đồi A Bia, Ap Bia Mountain) is a mountain on the Laotian border of South Vietnam in Thừa Thiên--	Dong Ap Bia	Vietnam
country	The Shree Camp Hanuman Temple (Hindi: कामप हनुमान् मन्दीर) is one of the biggest Hanuman temples of India.	Camp Hanuman Temple	India
country	Zamboundi is a village in the Bissiga Department of Boulgou Province in southeastern Burkina Faso.	Zamboundi	Burkina Faso
country	Hopen Radio is a coast radio station and the only settlement on the island of Hopen in Svalbard, Norway.	Hopen Radio	Norway
country	Carine Senior High School is a co-educational state secondary school, located in the suburb of Carine, approximately 15 km north-west of Perth, Western Australia.	Carine Senior High School	Australia
country	Champigny-sur-Marne (French pronunciation: ​(ʃɑ̃piɲi)) is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Champigny-sur-Marne	France
country	Pomposa Abbey is a Benedictine monastery in the comune of Codigoro near Ferrara, Italy.	Pomposa Abbey	Italy
country	Bjelotići (Serbian Cyrillic: Бјелотићи) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.	Bjelotići	Serbia
country	Sarojini Devi Eye Hospital is a medical institution in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Sarojini Devi Eye Hospital	India
country	The CarbonFix Standard is administered by CarbonFix, a non-profit association based in Germany.	CarbonFix Standard	Germany
country	Lernavan (Armenian: Լեռնավան; formerly, Kachagan) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Lernavan	Armenia
country	Mashashita (المشاشطة) is a village in Libya about 32 kilometres (20 mi) west of Tripoli.	Mashashita	Libya
country	Morimondo Abbey is a few miles south of Abbiategrasso in the Province of Milan, Lombardy, Italy.	Morimondo Abbey	Italy
country	Aitoliko (Greek: Αιτωλικό) is a town and a former municipality in Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, Greece.	Aitoliko	Greece
country	Cazin is a town and municipality in northwest Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Bosanska Krajina region, near the border with Croatia.	Cazin	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	West Kurdufan (Arabic: غرب كردفان‎; transliterated: Gharb Kurdufan) is one of the 18 wilayat or provinces of Sudan.	West Kurdufan	Sudan
country	The Charterhouse of Aula Dei (Spanish: Cartuja de Aula Dei) is a Carthusian monastery, or charterhouse, located about 10 kilometers north of the city of Zaragoza in Aragon, north-western Spain.	Charterhouse of Aula Dei	Spain
country	St. Angela's College, Sligo is a college of the National University of Ireland, Galway since 2006.	St. Angela's College, Sligo	Ireland
country	Tuleš (Serbian: Тулеш) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Tuleš	Serbia
country	Ulaszewo (ulaˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ulaszewo	Poland
country	Koulochera (Greek: Κουλοχέρα) is a mountain in southeastern Laconia, Greece.	Koulochera	Greece
country	Perućačko Lake is an artificial lake of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Perućačko Lake	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Siversky (Russian: Си́верский) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Gatchinsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the bank of the Oredezh River.	Siversky	Russia
country	Cieszków (ˈt͡ɕeʂkuf) (German: Freyhan) is a village in Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Cieszków	Poland
country	Shartaq-e Do (Persian: شرطاق دو‎, also Romanized as Shartāq Do and Shartāq-e Do; also known as Sharţāq) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shartaq-e Do	Iran
country	Stadium Negara, also known as Stadium Tertutup, is an indoor arena located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia	Stadium Negara	Malaysia
country	Częstochowa County (Polish: powiat częstochowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Częstochowa County	Poland
country	Tekstilshchiki District (Russian: райо́н Тексти́льщики) is a district of South-Eastern Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia.	Tekstilshchiki District	Russia
country	The Lopasnya River (Russian: Лопа́сня) is a river in Moscow Oblast in Russia.	Lopasnya River	Russia
country	Guraura is a village located eleven miles from the center of Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Guraura	India
country	Caltavuturo (Sicilian: Caltavuturu) is a town and comune in the Province of Palermo, Sicily, Italy.	Caltavuturo	Italy
country	Nuugaatsiaq Heliport (IATA: JUU, ICAO: BGNQ) is a heliport in Nuugaatsiaq, a village in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Nuugaatsiaq Heliport	Greenland
country	The Diocese of Bjørgvin (Norwegian: Bjørgvin bispedømme) is one of the 11 dioceses that make up the Church of Norway.	Diocese of Bjørgvin	Norway
country	Banks Peninsula is a peninsula of volcanic origin on the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	Banks Peninsula	New Zealand
country	Ouargla (Berber: Wargren or Wargla, Arabic: ورجلان،وَرڤلة‎) is the capital city of Ouargla Province in the Sahara Desert in southern Algeria.	Ouargla	Algeria
country	The Akuna Bay is a bay within Broken Bay, located in the Warringah Council local government area in the northern suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Akuna Bay	Australia
country	Lüneburger SK Hansa is a football club from the Lower Saxon Hanseatic town of Lüneburg in Northern Germany.	Lüneburger SK Hansa	Germany
country	Commune of Rutana is a commune of Rutana Province in southeastern Burundi.	Commune of Rutana	Burundi
country	Avinor AS is a state-owned limited company that operates most of the civil airports in Norway.	Avinor	Norway
country	The Special Investigations Unit (SIU or ``the Unit'') is the civilian oversight agency responsible for investigating circumstances involving police that have resulted in a death, serious injury, or allegations of sexual assault of a civilian in Ontario, Canada.	Special Investigations Unit	Canada
country	Pułkownikówka (puu̯kɔvniˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pułkownikówka	Poland
country	Farie Hoti Sports Palace is a multi-use sports arena in Tiranë, Albania.	Farie Hoti Sports Palace	Albania
country	Iglino (Russian: Иглино) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Iglinsky District in Bashkortostan, Russia.	Iglino	Russia
country	Flekkerøy is a borough and an island of the city of Kristiansand, Norway.	Flekkerøy	Norway
country	Corregidor Island, locally called Isla ng Corregidor, is an island located at the entrance of Manila Bay in southwestern part of Luzon Island in the Philippines.	Corregidor	Philippines
country	Jalan Kamunting Lama or Old Kamunting Road (3146; previously route ) is a federal road in Perak, Malaysia.	Jalan Kamunting Lama	Malaysia
country	Arbanë (definite Albanian form: Arbana) is a village in the former municipality of Vaqarr in Tirana County, Albania.	Arbanë	Albania
country	St Peter Claver College is a Roman Catholic co-educational secondary school located in the suburb of Riverview in Ipswich, Queensland, Australia.	St Peter Claver College	Australia
country	Puerto Indio is a town in the Emberá indigenous territory of Panama.	Puerto Indio	Panama
country	Verxijan (also, Varkhiyan and Verkhiyan) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Verxijan	Azerbaijan
country	Vecauce Manor (Latvian: Vecauces muižas pils, German: Schloss Alt-Autz), also called Auce Manor, is a manor house near the town of Auce in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.	Vecauce Manor	Latvia
country	Lunahar is one of the villages situated in the Gop tehsil of Puri district, Orissa, India.	Lunahar	India
country	Nangarhar University (Pashto: د ننګرهار پوهنتون‎) (Persian: دانشگاه ننگرهار) is a government-funded higher learning institution in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.	Nangarhar University	Afghanistan
country	Aguíñiga (and officially Agiñaga) is a village in Álava, Basque Country, Spain.	Aguíñiga	Spain
country	Brušperk (German: Braunsberg) is a town in the Czech Republic, established after 1269.	Brušperk	Czech Republic
country	RD-701 (Russian: Раке́тный дви́гатель 701, Rocket Engine 701) - liquid-fuel rocket engine developed by Energomash, Russia.	RD-701	Russia
country	Apostolove (Ukrainian: Апостолове) is a city in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Apostolove	Ukraine
country	The Church of Atalaia (Portuguese: Igreja da Atalaia) is a church in the civil parish of Atalaia, municipality of Vila Nova da Barquinha, in the Centro region of Portugal.	Church of Atalaia	Portugal
country	Madame Tussauds Washington D.C. is a wax museum located in Washington D.C., the capital city of the United States of America.	Madame Tussauds Washington D.C.	United States of America
country	Sobkovice is a village and municipality (obec) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Sobkovice	Czech Republic
country	Hunnselva is a river in Norway which runs from the end of Einafjorden through the village of Eina in Vestre Toten municipality, northwards through Reinsvoll, Raufoss and Hunndalen before it runs into Mjøsa in Gjøvik.	Hunnselva	Norway
country	Indian Military Historical Society (IMHS) is an organisation and learned society, based primarily in the United Kingdom but with a wide membership extending to the British Commonwealth and several other countries around the world.	Indian Military Historical Society	United Kingdom
country	Batala is the eighth largest city in the state of Punjab, India in terms of population after Ludhiana, Amritsar, Jalandhar, Patiala, Bathinda, Mohali and Hoshiarpur.	Batala	India
country	Har Karkom (``Mountain of Saffron'', also called Jabal Ideid) is a mountain in the southwest Negev desert in Israel, half way between Petra and Kadesh Barnea.	Har Karkom	Israel
country	Montfort Community (French: Montfort Communauté, formerly Communauté de Communes du Pays de Montfort) is a intermunicipal structure in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine, in Brittany, France.	Montfort Community	France
country	German submarine U-459 was a Type XIV supply and replenishment U-boat (Milchkuh or 'milk cow') of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. Her keel was laid down on 22 November 1940 by Deutsche Werke in Kiel as yard number 290.	German submarine U-459	Germany
country	PakTurk International Schools and Colleges (PTISC) is a private chain of Turkish educational institutions established in 1995 for the pursuit of education in Pakistan.	PakTurk International Schools and Colleges	Pakistan
country	Quri Qaleh (Persian: قوري قلعه‎, also Romanized as Qūrī Qal``eh) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District, Shahu District, Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 989, in 211 families. Quri Qale Cave is nearby.	Quri Qaleh	Iran
country	Mowtowr-e Hajji Gaza Beyk (Persian: موتورحاجي گزابيك‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Gazā Beyk) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hajji Gaza Beyk	Iran
country	Sabile ( pronunciation ; German: Zabeln) is a town in Talsi municipality, Latvia.	Sabile	Latvia
country	The Lappwald is a heavily wooded range of hills, 20 km long and up to 5 km wide, in central Germany.	Lappwald	Germany
country	Inner Mongolia Normal University (Chinese: 内蒙古师范大学) is a university in Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China under the authority of the Autonomous Region government.	Inner Mongolia Normal University	People's Republic of China
country	Fintonia is a village and seat of the chiefdom of Tambakha in Bombali District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone.	Fintonia	Sierra Leone
country	Alstadhaug Church (Norwegian: Alstadhaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Alstadhaug Church	Norway
country	Delnice (pronounced (dě̞ːlnit͡se̞)) is a town in western Croatia, the largest settlement in the mountainous region of Gorski Kotar, in the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County.	Delnice	Croatia
country	The Taipei Dome (Chinese: 臺北大巨蛋; pinyin: Táiběi Dà jùdàn) is a multi-use stadium in Taipei, Taiwan, that was originally scheduled to start construction in 2007 and be completed in 2011, although the start date had been delayed until October 2011.	Taipei Dome	Taiwan
country	Silifke Museum is in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Silifke Museum	Turkey
country	Band Sar Molla Ahmad Bazar (Persian: بندسرملااحمدبازار‎, also Romanized as Band Sar Mollā Aḩmad Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Band Sar Molla Ahmad Bazar	Iran
country	The Podgorica Rail Station (Montenegrin: Жељезничка станица Подгорица / Željeznička stanica Podgorica) is a railway station located in Podgorica, Montenegro.	Podgorica Rail Station	Montenegro
country	FC Oss is a professional football club from the Netherlands, which was founded on April 9, 1928.	FC Oss	Netherlands
country	The Kunstmuseum Bonn or Bonn Museum of Modern Art is an art museum in Bonn, Germany, founded in 1947.	Kunstmuseum Bonn	Germany
country	Studor v Bohinju (pronounced (stuˈdɔɾ w bɔˈxiːnju)) is a village in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Studor v Bohinju	Slovenia
country	Boksburg is a city on the East Rand of Gauteng province of South Africa.	Boksburg	South Africa
country	Javorje pri Blagovici (pronounced (ˈjaːʋɔɾjɛ pɾi blaˈɡoːʋitsi)) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Javorje pri Blagovici	Slovenia
country	Van Honsebrouck is a Belgian brewery in Ingelmunster, Belgium.	Van Honsebrouck	Belgium
country	The Church of Santa Maria do Olival is a Roman Catholic church in the city of Tomar, in Portugal.	Church of Santa Maria do Olival	Portugal
country	Gondwana Game Reserve is a game reserve situated near the town of Mossel Bay in the Western Cape of South Africa, a malaria-free area.	Gondwana Game Reserve	South Africa
country	Fars and Khuzestan Cement Plant (Persian: كارخانه سيمان فارس وخوزستان‎ -- Kārkhāneh-ye Seymān Fārs va Khūzestān) is a village and company town in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Fars and Khuzestan Cement Plant	Iran
country	Chhota Shiva Mandir is a Hindu temple of the Puthia Temple Complex in Puthia Upazila, Rajshahi Division, Bangladesh.	Chhota Shiva Mandir	Bangladesh
country	Authentic (Spanish: Partido Revolucionario Cubano -- Auténtico, PRC-A), commonly named Authentic Party (Spanish: Partido Auténtico, PA), was a political party in Cuba most active between 1933 to 1952.	Partido Auténtico	Cuba
country	Beshaneh (Persian: بشانه‎, also Romanized as Beshāneh) is a village in Irafshan Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Beshaneh	Iran
country	Firebase Mile High (also known as LZ Mile High or Hill 1198) was a U.S. Army firebase located northwest of Kontum in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.	Firebase Mile High	Vietnam
country	Chettipalayam is a suburb of Coimbatore city in Tamil Nadu, India.	Chettipalayam	India
country	The 2008 Deutschland Tour road cycling race took place from August 29 to September 6, 2008 in Germany and Austria.	2008 Deutschland Tour	Germany
country	Pusat Tingkatan Enam Berakas (Berakas Sixth Form Centre) commonly referred to by its acronym ``PTEB'', was a government-run sixth form centre in Brunei Darussalam, located in Lambak Kiri.	Pusat Tingkatan Enam Berakas	Brunei
country	Pavlová (Hungarian: Garampáld) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Pavlová	Slovakia
country	Tallikeste is a village in Estonia, in Vastseliina Parish, which belongs to Võru County municipality.	Tallikeste	Estonia
country	The Alpina Gstaad is a luxury 56-room hotel in the Oberbort area of Gstaad, Switzerland.	Alpina Gstaad	Switzerland
country	Mortgageport is a mortgage manager that accesses wholesale lending funds from three banks; it also markets and manages residential home loans to borrowers across Australia.	Mortgageport	Australia
country	Carrocera (Spanish pronunciation: (karoˈθeɾa)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Carrocera	Spain
country	Nawabshah railway station (Urdu: نواب شاہ ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in the city of Nawabshah on main railway line in Pakistan.	Nawabshah railway station	Pakistan
country	Shreepati Arcade (Marathi:श्रीपती आरकॅड )is one of India's tallest buildings and was completed in 2002.	Shreepati Arcade	India
country	Ebersmunster Abbey (French: Abbaye d'Ebersmunster; German: Kloster Ebersmünster) was a Benedictine abbey in Ebersmunster in Alsace, Bas-Rhin, France.	Ebersmunster Abbey	France
country	Bidziny (biˈd͡ʑinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bidziny	Poland
country	Hougang MRT Station (NE14) is an underground station on the North East Line in Singapore.	Hougang MRT Station	Singapore
country	Filippiada (Greek: Φιλιππιάδα) is a small town and a former municipality in the Preveza regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Filippiada	Greece
country	Lankayan Island is a very small tropical coral resort island in the Sulu Sea, northeast of the island of Borneo, in the state of Sabah, in Malaysia, and 15 km from Sandakan.	Lankayan Island	Malaysia
country	Iso-Kiimanen is a lake of Finland in the Oulujoki main catchment area.	Iso-Kiimanen	Finland
country	The Grand Hotel d'Angkor is a historic luxury hotel located in Siem Reap, Cambodia.	Grand Hotel d'Angkor	Cambodia
country	Czarnoszyce (t͡ʂarnɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czarnoszyce	Poland
country	Comtat (Spanish: Condado de Cocentaina) is a comarca in the province of Alicante, Valencian Community, Spain.	Comtat	Spain
country	The Schloss Kaltenberg is a castle in the village of Geltendorf in Upper Bavaria, Germany.	Schloss Kaltenberg	Germany
country	The Southeastern Anatolia Region (Turkish: Güneydoğu Anadolu Bölgesi) is a geographical region of Turkey.	Southeastern Anatolia Region	Turkey
country	Barrio López Benítez is a small western suburb of the city of Melo in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay.	Barrio López Benítez	Uruguay
country	The Heimathaus Twist is a cross-community cultural center in the municipality of Twist, Germany well known and for blues and folk music concerts nationwide.	Heimathaus Twist	Germany
country	Eslamabad-e Gharb County (Persian: شهرستان اسلام‌آباد غرب‎‎) is a county in Kermanshah Province in Iran, part of what is unofficially referred to as Iranian Kurdistan.	Eslamabad-e Gharb County	Iran
country	Mukondo Mine is a copper and cobalt mine in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Mukondo Mine	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Xocəsən (also, Hocasan, Gadzhi-Gasan, Khodzhagasan, Khodzhasan, and Khodzhi-Gasan) is a settlement and municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Xocəsən	Azerbaijan
country	The Zaza Dam is an embankment dam on the Zaza River about 15 km (9.3 mi) southwest of Sancti Spíritus in Sancti Spíritus Province, Cuba.	Zaza Dam	Cuba
country	Padre Aldamiz International Airport is located near some of Peru's noted ecological areas, such as the national jungle reserve of Tambopata-Candamo.	Padre Aldamiz International Airport	Peru
country	Kłaczyna (kwaˈt͡ʂɨna) (German: Kauder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobromierz, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kłaczyna	Poland
country	The Orongorongo River runs for 32 kilometres (20 mi) southwest through the Orongorongo Valley in the southern Rimutaka Ranges of the North Island of New Zealand.	Orongorongo River	New Zealand
country	Thaification, or Thai-ization is the process by which people of different cultural and ethnic origins living in Thailand become assimilated to the dominant culture of Thailand, or more precisely, to the culture of the Central Thais.	Thaification	Thailand
country	Uelzen (German pronunciation: (ˈʔʏltsən), Low German Ülz’n) is a town in northeast Lower Saxony, Germany, and capital of the county of Uelzen.	Uelzen	Germany
country	Shillong (English pronunciation: /ʃɪˈlɔːŋ/; Khasi: Shillong) is the capital and hill station of Meghalaya, also known as ``The Abode of Clouds'', one of the smallest states in India.	Shillong	India
country	Hassi Messaoud (Arabic: حاسي مسعود‎) is a town in Ouargla Province, eastern Algeria, located 85 kilometres (53 mi) southeast of Ouargla.	Hassi Messaoud	Algeria
country	The Observatorio Astronómico de La Sagra (OLS and observatory code J75) is an observatory located in the province of Granada, Spain.	Observatorio Astronómico de La Sagra	Spain
country	The Baltic Sea island of Vilm lies in the bay south of the much larger island of Rügen, it is one of Germany's most remote and tranquil spots.	Vilm	Germany
country	Racławice Śląskie, formerly named Racławice Niemieckie (German: Deutsch Rasselwitz) is a village located in the Opole Voivodeship (southern Poland), near the border with the Czech Republic.	Racławice Śląskie	Poland
country	The Order of Distinction is conferred upon citizens of Jamaica who have rendered outstanding and important services to Jamaica, or to distinguished citizens of a country other than Jamaica.	Order of Distinction	Jamaica
country	Oran (Arabic: وهران‎, Wahrān; Berber: ⵡⴻⵀⵔⴰⵏ) is an important coastal city that is located in the north-west of Algeria.	Oran	Algeria
country	Dasabad (Persian: داس اباد‎, also Romanized as Dāsābād; also known as Dāskābād) is a village in Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dasabad	Iran
country	Vanua Lava is the second largest of the Banks Islands in Torba Province, Vanuatu, after slightly larger Gaua.	Vanua Lava	Vanuatu
country	Cardabia Station, commonly referred to as Carbabia is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in the Western Australia.	Cardabia	Australia
country	Lake Muskoka/Dudley Bay Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNT5), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) northeast of Bala, Ontario, Canada.	Lake Muskoka/Dudley Bay Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Beaufort West mine is a large mine located near Beaufort West in the northern part of South Africa in Western Cape.	Beaufort West mine	South Africa
country	The Addington Railway Workshops was a major railway facility established in the Christchurch suburb of Addington in May 1880 by the New Zealand Railways Department.	Addington Railway Workshops	New Zealand
country	Verdon College is a co-educational Roman Catholic high school in Invercargill, New Zealand, teaching students from year 7 to 13 (ages 11--18).	Verdon College	New Zealand
country	Bhikangaon is a town and a nagar parishad in Khargone district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Bhikangaon	India
country	The YRT/Viva Special Constable Services (also known as Viva Cops) is the security section of the York Region Transit (YRT) and Viva transit system in York Region, Ontario, Canada.	YRT/Viva Special Constable Services	Canada
country	Svibno (pronounced (ˈsʋiːbnɔ); German: Scharfenberg) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia.	Svibno	Slovenia
country	Tavriysk or Tavriisk (Ukrainian: Таврійськ; Russian: Таврийск) is a town in Kherson Oblast (province) of Ukraine, close to the city of Nova Kakhovka.	Tavriysk	Ukraine
country	Jinzhou New Area (simplified Chinese: 金州新区; traditional Chinese: 金州新區) is an unofficial new district under the administration of Dalian, Liaoning, People's Republic of China, located in the south-central portion of Jinzhou District.	Jinzhou New Area	People's Republic of China
country	The Hyderabad Information Technology and Engineering Consultancy City, abbreviated as HITEC City (Telugu: హైటెక్ సిటీ), (Urdu حیدرآباد انفارمیشن ٹیکنالوجی اور انجینرنگ کی مشاورتی شہر) is a major High tech business district, which is one of the leading Information Technology, Engineering, Health informatics, and Bioinformatics hubs of India.	HITEC City	India
country	Auguste George Airport (IATA: NGD, ICAO: TUPA) is the northern most airport in the British Virgin Islands and is located on the island of Anegada.	Auguste George Airport	British Virgin Islands
country	The Gueuroz Bridge is a reinforced concrete arched bridge in Switzerland.	Gueuroz Bridge	Switzerland
country	CJUJ-FM, branded as Phantom FM, is a new low-powered radio station which broadcasts an English-language community radio format on the frequency of 103.3 MHz/FM in Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada.	CJUJ-FM	Canada
country	Khodasooli (Persian: خداصولی‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khodasooli	Iran
country	Ektro Records is an independent label based in Pori, Finland.	Ektro Records	Finland
country	Aguaclara Airport (IATA: ACL) is an airport in Aguaclara, Colombia.	Aguaclara Airport	Colombia
country	In Medieval Serbia, the župa (county, district) of Sirinić (Sirinićka župa), first mentioned in a 13th-century charter, covered the whole of modern Štrpce municipality, having the towns of Gradište (site in Brezovica) and Zidinac (site in Gotovuša).	Štrpce	Serbia
country	Tuseh Kaleh (Persian: توسه كله‎, also Romanized as Tūseh Kaleh and Tūseh Kelh; also known as Tusakhilya) is a village in Aliyan Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tuseh Kaleh	Iran
country	Konstfack, or University College of Arts, Crafts and Design, is a university college for higher education in the area of art, crafts and design in Stockholm, Sweden.	Konstfack	Sweden
country	Qeshlaq-e Seyyedlar Mir Gholam (Persian: قشلاق سيدلرميرغلام‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Seyyedlar Mīr Gholām) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Seyyedlar Mir Gholam	Iran
country	Eznabad (Persian: ازن اباد‎, also Romanized as Eznābād; also known as ``Azīnābād and Ez̄navā) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District, Bahnemir District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 745, in 189 families.	Eznabad	Iran
country	Rossedalen Station (Norwegian: Rossedalen holdeplass) is a former railway station at Rossedalen in Arendal, Norway.	Rossedalen Station	Norway
country	Řevnice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈr̝ɛvɲɪtsɛ)) is a small town south west of Prague in the Czech Republic, in the Central Bohemian Region.	Řevnice	Czech Republic
country	The Sous River or Souss River (Shilha Berber asif n Sus, Classical Arabic وادى سوس wādī Sūs) is a river in mid-southern Morocco located in the Sous region.	Sous River	Morocco
country	Sameway Magazine (同路人 - Tóng lù rén) is a weekly tabloid-format newspaper published in the city of Melbourne, Australia.	Sameway Magazine	Australia
country	Kozina in the Littoral region of Slovenia, close to the border with Italy.	Kozina	Slovenia
country	Framhaldsskólinn í Austur-Skaftafellssýslu (often abbreviated FAS) is a secondary school located in Höfn, southeast Iceland.	Framhaldsskólinn í Austur-Skaftafellssýslu	Iceland
country	Dosan Seowon (alternatively, Tosansowon) was established in 1574 in what is present day Andong, South Korea, in memory of and four years after the death of Korean Confucian scholar Yi Hwang by some of his disciples and other Korean Confucian authorities.	Dosan Seowon	South Korea
country	Redliny (rɛˈdlinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Redliny	Poland
country	Naltar Pass (36°20′06``N 74°2′39''E) is a mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley in Pakistan.	Naltar Pass	Pakistan
country	Ukarumpa International School is an accredited PreK-12 school in Ukarumpa, Papua New Guinea.	Ukarumpa International School	Papua New Guinea
country	Rondebosch Common is an open common of about 40 hectares (100 acres) in Rondebosch, Cape Town in South Africa.	Rondebosch Common	South Africa
country	Miasteczko Krajeńskie (mjasˈtɛt͡ʂkɔ kraˈjɛɲskʲɛ) (German: Friedheim) is a village in Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Miasteczko Krajeńskie	Poland
country	The Independents (French: Indépendants) and later Republican Independents (French: Indépendants républicains, IR) was a French parliamentary group in the Chamber of Deputies of France during the French Third Republic between 1928 and 1940.	Republican Independents	France
country	Saint-Jean Airport, (IATA: YJN, ICAO: CYJN), is located in the southwestern section of the city of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Jean Airport	Canada
country	Nazırlı (also, Nazirli and Nəzirli) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nazırlı	Azerbaijan
country	Kahurabad-e Sohrabi (Persian: كهورابادسهرابي‎, also Romanized as Kahūrābād-e Sohrābī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahurabad-e Sohrabi	Iran
country	Administratively, Neuwerk forms a homonymous quarter of the city of Hamburg, Germany, which is part of the borough Hamburg-Mitte.	Neuwerk	Germany
country	Kurzjama (kuʐˈjama) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kurzjama	Poland
country	Lousoi (Ancient Greek: Λουσοί, Latin: Lusi) was an ancient city in Arcadian Azania, Greece.	Lousoi	Greece
country	Avenida Belgrano is an avenue that runs through Montserrat, Balvanera and Almagro neighborhoods of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Avenida Belgrano	Argentina
country	The Valderøy Tunnel (Norwegian: Valderøytunnelen) is a subsea road tunnel which runs between the islands of Ellingsøya (in Ålesund Municipality) and Valderøya (in Giske Municipality) in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Valderøy Tunnel	Norway
country	Pundori Kalan is a Chatha village in Wazirabad Tehsil, Gujranwala, Punjab, Pakistan.	Pundori Kalan	Pakistan
country	Bani Walid (Anglicized: /ˈbæniː wɑːˈliːd/; Arabic: بني وليد‎ Banī Walīd, Libyan pronunciation: (ˈbæni wæˈliːd)) is a town in Libya.	Bani Walid	Libya
country	Titini (Aymara titi Andean mountain cat; lead, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with the Andean cat'' or ``the one with lead'', also spelled Titine) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Titini	Peru
country	Kitukutwe is a neighborhood in Kira Municipality, Kyaddondo County, Wakiso District, in Central Uganda.	Kitukutwe	Uganda
country	Burgseeli (or Burgseewli) is a lake in the Canton of Berne, Switzerland.	Burgseeli	Switzerland
country	Mafsheq is a village located in the Durrës County, in Albania.	Mafsheq	Albania
country	Magura National Park (Polish: Magurski Park Narodowy) is a National Park located in the south-east of Poland, close to Slovakia, on the boundary of Lesser Poland Voivodeship and Subcarpathian Voivodeship.	Magura National Park	Poland
country	Sousse or Soussa (Arabic: سوسة‎ Sūsa, Berber: Susa) is a city in Tunisia, capital of the Sousse Governorate.	Sousse	Tunisia
country	Lough Swilly (Irish: Loch Súilí, meaning ``Lake of Shadows'' or the ``Lake of Eyes'') in Ireland is a glacial fjord or sea inlet lying between the western side of the Inishowen Peninsula and the Fanad Peninsula, in County Donegal.	Lough Swilly	Ireland
country	Barranquilla (Spanish pronunciation: (baraŋˈkiʝa)) is a city and municipality located in northern Colombia.	Barranquilla	Colombia
country	The Tawa River is a tributary of the Narmada River of Central India.	Tawa River	India
country	Maiori (Neapolitan, Majure; originally Reghinna Maior) is a town and comune on the Amalfi coast in the province of Salerno (Campania, Italy).	Maiori	Italy
country	Pespes (Persian: پس پس‎, also Romanized as Pespes, Paspas, and Pas Pas) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pespes	Iran
country	Drezdenko ((drɛzˈdɛŋkɔ); German: Driesen) is a town in Poland, in Lubusz Voivodeship, in Strzelce-Drezdenko County.	Drezdenko	Poland
country	Taliyara is a village of Gandevi taluka, Navsari district in south part of Gujarat State, India.	Taliyara	India
country	Vavpča Vas pri Dobrniču (pronounced (ˈʋaːu̯ptʃa ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈdoːbəɾnitʃu); Slovene: Vavpča vas pri Dobrniču) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Vavpča Vas pri Dobrniču	Slovenia
country	Budapest Metropolitan University (Hungarian: Budapesti Metropolitan Egyetem) is an accredited private institute of higher education in Budapest, Hungary.	Budapest Metropolitan University	Hungary
country	Bloorcourt Village is a Business Improvement Area in Toronto, Canada along Bloor Street east of Dufferin Street.	Bloorcourt Village	Canada
country	Żabi Róg (ˈʐabi ˈruk) (literally ``Frog's Corner/Frog's Horn'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żabi Róg	Poland
country	Strai is a village and a district in the municipality of Kristiansand, Norway.	Strai	Norway
country	The International Rheinland-Pfalz Rundfahrt was a multi-stage road bicycle race held in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Rheinland-Pfalz Rundfahrt	Germany
country	Angamos Island (Spanish: Isla Angamos) is an island in the Magallanes and Chilean Antarctica Region, Chile located between Ladrillero, Machado and Hernán Gallego Channels.	Angamos Island	Chile
country	Qelich Khanlu (Persian: قليچ خانلو‎, also Romanized as Qelīch Khānlū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qelich Khanlu	Iran
country	Ish-Blloku (``the Ex-Block''), commonly known as Blloku (``the Block''), is an upmarket area in Tirana, Albania widely known as an entertainment and shopping destination with its many boutiques, shops, restaurants, trendy bars, pubs, and cafes.	Ish-Blloku	Albania
country	San Giorgio al Palazzo is a baroque-style, Roman Catholic church in central Milan, region of Lombardy, Italy.	San Giorgio al Palazzo	Italy
country	Gawliki Małe (pronounced (ɡaˈvliki ˈmawɛ)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gawliki Małe	Poland
country	Gelemenovo (Bulgarian: Гелеменово) is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria.	Gelemenovo	Bulgaria
country	Neysiyaq (Persian: نيسياق‎, also Romanized as Neysīyāq) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Neysiyaq	Iran
country	Castillo de Alcalá la Real (or Fortaleza de La Mota) is a castle in Alcala la Real, in the province of Jaén, Spain.	Castillo de Alcalá la Real	Spain
country	Yubileyny Sports Palace (Russian: Спортивный комплекс ``Юбилейный), Sportivniy kompleks Yubileyniy; also translated as Yubileiny (Jubilee) Palace of Sports, is an indoor sports arena and concert complex located in St. Petersburg, Russia.	Yubileyny Sports Palace	Russia
country	Barwa Al Baraha, also called Workers City or Barwa Village, is a residential area for laborers in the Al Wakrah Municipality in Qatar.	Barwa Al Baraha	Qatar
country	Zeroft (Persian: زرفت‎) is a village in Korond Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zeroft	Iran
country	Komornica (kɔmɔrˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliszew, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Komornica	Poland
country	South Tarawa (in Gilbertese Tarawa Teinainano) is the capital and hub of the Republic of Kiribati and home to approximately half of Kiribati's total population.	South Tarawa	Kiribati
country	The University of Strasbourg (French: Université de Strasbourg, Unistra or UDS) in Strasbourg, Alsace, France, is the second largest university in France (after Aix-Marseille University), with about 46,000 students and over 4,000 researchers.	University of Strasbourg	France
country	Nova Nekrasivka (Ukrainian: Нова Некрасівка; Romanian: Necrasovca-Nouă) is a village in Odessa Oblast, Ukraine.	Nova Nekrasivka	Ukraine
country	Breheimen is a mountain range in Sogn og Fjordane and Oppland counties in Norway.	Breheimen	Norway
country	Modliszów (mɔdˈliʂuf) (German: Hohgiersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Modliszów	Poland
country	Bahula is a census town under Andal police station in Durgapur subdivision of Barddhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Bahula	India
country	The Paço Imperial (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈpasw ĩpeɾiˈaw), European Portuguese: (ˈpasw ĩpɨɾiˈaɫ)), or Imperial Palace, previously known as the Royal Palace of Rio de Janeiro and Palace of the Viceroys, is a historic building in the center of the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Paço Imperial	Brazil
country	The city reemerged after the end of the Minoan period as an important city-state in Classical Greece, one whose domain extended from Chania Bay to the feet of the White Mountains.	Chania	Greece
country	The Col du Portillon (Catalan: El coll de Portilló) (elevation 1,293 metres (4,242 ft)) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees on the border between France and Spain.	Col du Portillon	France
country	Machory (maˈxɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Machory	Poland
country	Saint-Émilion (pronounced: (sɛ̃t‿e.mil.jɔ̃); Gascon: Sent Milion) is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France.	Saint-Émilion	France
country	Buinaca or Punta de la Buinaca, also spelt Boinaca, is one of the highest mountains of the Cardó Massif, Catalan Pre-Coastal Range, Catalonia, Spain.	Buinaca	Spain
country	Asian Highway 14 (AH14) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 2,004 kilometres (1,245 mi) from Hai Phong, Vietnam to Mandalay, Myanmar connecting AH1 to AH3 in Kunming, Yunnan, China and eventually to AH2.	AH14	Vietnam	Myanmar
country	Floradorp is a neighborhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands in the Dutch province of North Holland.	Floradorp	Netherlands
country	Mece (Hungarian: Mеcepuszta; Serbian Cyrillic: Меце) is a settlement in the region of Baranja, Croatia.	Mece	Croatia
country	The Agatha Christie Memorial is a memorial to author Agatha Christie, located at the intersection of Cranbourn Street and Great Newport Street by St Martin's Cross in London, United Kingdom.	Agatha Christie Memorial	United Kingdom
country	Kępa-Kolonia (ˈkɛmpa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kępa-Kolonia	Poland
country	Vodice pri Kalobju (pronounced (vɔˈdiːtsɛ pɾi ˈkaːlɔbju)) is a small settlement in the Sava Hills (Slovene: Posavsko hribovje) in the Municipality of Šentjur in eastern Slovenia.	Vodice pri Kalobju	Slovenia
country	Firebase 6 (also known as Hill 1001) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base southwest of Đắk Tô in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.	Firebase 6	Vietnam
country	Strokkur (Icelandic for ``churn'') is a fountain geyser in the geothermal area beside the Hvítá River in Iceland in the southwest part of the country, east of Reykjavík.	Strokkur	Iceland
country	Omesheh (Persian: امشه‎, also Romanized as Omm-e Shah and Ommsheh; also known as Omshāsehveh and Umushe) is a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Omesheh	Iran
country	The Goz Abu Goma Bridge is a railway bridge across the White Nile at Kosti, the former Goz Abu Goma, 50 miles south of Alays, in Sudan.	Goz Abu Goma Bridge	Sudan
country	Guru Gobind Singh College of Modern Technology is a private college located at Kharar, Punjab, India.	Guru Gobind Singh College of Modern Technology	India
country	Sadat-e Mohammad Ebrahim (Persian: سادات محمدابراهيم‎, also Romanized as Sādāt-e Moḩammad Ebrāhīm) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sadat-e Mohammad Ebrahim	Iran
country	Anavyssos (Greek: Ανάβυσσος) is a town and a former municipality in East Attica, Greece.	Anavyssos	Greece
country	Kraków (Polish pronunciation: (ˈkrakuf) listen ), also Cracow or Krakow (US English /ˈkrɑːkaʊ/, UK English /ˈkrækɒv/), is the second largest and one of the oldest cities in Poland.	Kraków	Poland
country	Jihlava (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪɦlava); German: Iglau) is a city in the Czech Republic.	Jihlava	Czech Republic
country	Lehavim (Hebrew: לְהָבִים) is an affluent village located within the Northern Negev, Israel.	Lehavim	Israel
country	The Upended Sugarloaf (in German: Der Umgestülpte Zuckerhut) is a half-timbered house in the city of Hildesheim in the federal state of Lower Saxony in Germany.	Upended Sugarloaf	Germany
country	Skrzydlna is a village in Poland, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Limanowa County, gmina Dobra.	Skrzydlna	Poland
country	Khadakdeola is a village situated on the banks of a Hivra River on the south side of the Pachora Tehsil in Jalgaon district of Maharashtra state in India of Khandesh province.	Khadakdeola	India
country	Notre Dame of Marbel University (locally known as NDMU) is a Catholic educational institution located in Koronadal City, South Cotabato, Philippines.	Notre Dame of Marbel University	Philippines
country	Naval Base Stadium or Army Stadium is a football stadium in Lumut, Perak, Malaysia.	Naval Base Stadium	Malaysia
country	Schwerin-Parchim International Airport (IATA: SZW, ICAO: EDOP) is an airport in North-Eastern Germany, serving Schwerin and Parchim in the west of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Parchim International Airport	Germany
country	The Pont Serme or Pons Selinus, later called the Pons Septimus, was a Roman bridge of the Via Domitia in Hérault, southern France.	Pont Serme	France
country	Buxi Jagabandhu English Medium School simply BJEM School is located in B.J.B. Nagar, Bhubaneswar, India.	Buxi Jagabandhu English Medium School	India
country	Leinster House (Irish: Tigh Laighean) is the seat of the Oireachtas, the parliament of Ireland.	Leinster House	Ireland
country	The Audiovisual Media Services Regulations 2014 is a Statutory Instrument of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that applies regulations to R18-rated pornography that is available through video on demand or other streaming platforms.	Audiovisual Media Services Regulations 2014	United Kingdom
country	The Ateneo de Naga University (AdNU) is a private research university run by the Society of Jesus in Naga City, Camarines Sur, Philippines.	Ateneo de Naga University	Philippines
country	Arg-e Qalandar (Persian: ارگ قلندر‎, also Romanized as Arg-e Qalandar; also known as Arg-e Mīr Qalandar) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Arg-e Qalandar	Iran
country	The Lord Speaker is the speaker of the House of Lords in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Lord Speaker	United Kingdom
country	The Arboretum de Puéchagut is an arboretum located near Bréau-et-Salagosse, Gard, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.	Arboretum de Puéchagut	France
country	Chelik (Persian: چليك‎, also Romanized as Chelīk) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chelik	Iran
country	Nam Phong National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติน้ำพอง) is a national park in Thailand's Khon Kaen and Chaiyaphum provinces.	Nam Phong National Park	Thailand
country	MV Cape Don is a former lighthouse tender, now a museum ship in Waverton, New South Wales, Australia.	MV Cape Don	Australia
country	Rapopo Airfield was an aerodrome located at Lesson Point, Blanche Bay near Rabaul, East New Britain, Papua New Guinea.	Rapopo Airfield	Papua New Guinea
country	Walheim is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany with a considerable viticulture.	Walheim	Germany
country	Baugnez (or Baugnez les Malmedy) is a hamlet in Belgium, outside the town of Malmedy.	Baugnez	Belgium
country	Karakore (sometimes spelled as two words, Kara Kore) is a town in north-eastern Ethiopia.	Karakore	Ethiopia
country	Kalanak (Persian: كلانك‎, also Romanized as Kalānak) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Kalanak	Iran
country	Gobero is located in the Ténéré desert of Niger, and is named after the Tuareg name for the region.	Gobero	Niger
country	Ihtiman (Bulgarian: Ихтиман) is a town in western Bulgaria, part of Sofia Province.	Ihtiman	Bulgaria
country	Kaltchev Guitar Duo is a guitar duo from Bulgaria.	Kaltchev Guitar Duo	Bulgaria
country	Delyankir (Russian: Делянкир) is a rural locality (a selo) under the administrative jurisdiction of the Settlement of Artyk in Oymyakonsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 44 kilometers (27 mi) from Artyk on the Kolyma Highway on the border with Magadan Oblast.	Delyankir	Russia
country	Sabah Tshung Tsin Secondary School (Sekolah Menengah Tshung Tsin Sabah in Malay, 沙巴崇正中学 in Chinese) is a Chinese independent high school located in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia.	Sabah Tshung Tsin Secondary School	Malaysia
country	Akumal is a small beach-front tourist resort community in Mexico, 100 km (62 mi) south of Cancún, between the towns of Playa del Carmen and Tulum.	Akumal	Mexico
country	Oniipa is a town in the Oshikoto Region of northern Namibia and the district capital of the Oniipa electoral constituency.	Oniipa	Namibia
country	Penyagolosa (Valencian pronunciation: (ˌpeɲaɡoˈloza), Spanish: Peñagolosa) is a mountain in the Alcalatén area, Valencian Community, Spain.	Penyagolosa	Spain
country	Stajićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Стајићево) is a village in Serbia.	Stajićevo	Serbia
country	The Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao (JMM) (English: University of Muslim Mindanao) is one of the oldest and biggest Madaris in the Philippines.	Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao	Philippines
country	Maximteatern, called ``Maxim'' in English or The Maxim Theatre, has been a popular private theatre at Karlaplan in central Stockholm, Sweden since the 1960s.	Maximteatern	Sweden
country	Independiente de La Rioja are an Argentine Football club, whose home town is La Rioja, in the La Rioja Province of Argentina.	Independiente de La Rioja	Argentina
country	Steinfass House (Danish. Steinfass Gård) is a listed house overlooking Christianshavn Canal in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Steinfass House	Denmark
country	Trzebielino (tʂɛbjɛˈlinɔ) (German Treblin) is a village in Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trzebielino	Poland
country	Stavanger/Sandnes is the third largest urban area of Norway, with a population of approximately 201,353 as of January 1, 2012.	Stavanger/Sandnes	Norway
country	The Mucheke River is the only river in Masvingo town, Zimbabwe.	Mucheke River	Zimbabwe
country	The Caballococha Airport (ICAO: SPBC) is a small regional airport serving Caballococha, in the eastern Loreto Region, of Peru.	Caballococha Airport	Peru
country	Droskovo (Russian: Дросково) is a village (selo) in Pokrovsky District of Oryol Oblast, Russia.	Droskovo	Russia
country	Płaszów is a suburb of Kraków, Poland, now part of Podgórze district.	Płaszów	Poland
country	Barquisimeto (Spanish pronunciation: (barkisiˈmeto)) is a city in Venezuela.	Barquisimeto	Venezuela
country	Otoče (pronounced (ɔˈtoːtʃɛ)) is a village on the Sava River in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Otoče	Slovenia
country	Kalabaydh District is a district in the northern Sool region of Somalia.	Kalabaydh District	Somalia
country	Grey County comprises a single Statistics Canada census division.	Grey County	Canada
country	The Kleine Kulmke is one of the two headstreams of the Kulmke in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.	Kleine Kulmke	Germany
country	Dysart and Ruan is a Catholic parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Dysart and Ruan	Ireland
country	Mowdaran (Persian: موداران‎, also Romanized as Mowdārān and Mūdārān; also known as Mey Khvārān and Meykhwrān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Mowdaran	Iran
country	Otorabad (Persian: اتراباد‎, also Romanized as Otorābād and Otrābād) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Otorabad	Iran
country	The Great General DR. Abdul Haris Nasution Museum (officially known as Indonesian: Museum Sasmitaloka Jenderal Besar DR. Abdul Haris Nasution) is a museum in Jakarta, Indonesia.	Great General DR. Abdul Haris Nasution Museum	Indonesia
country	Isili, Ìsili in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the province of Cagliari, southern Sardinia, Italy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Cagliari in the Sarcidano traditional region.	Isili	Italy
country	Ranu Kumbolo is a mountainous lake located in Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park, East Java, Indonesia.	Ranu Kumbolo	Indonesia
country	Shafiq Mill Colony (Persian: شفیق مل کالونی‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gulberg Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Shafiq Mill Colony	Pakistan
country	The Segundo River (Spanish for second), also known as Xanaes, is a river in the center-north of the province of Córdoba, Argentina.	Segundo River	Argentina
country	Zagrajec (pronounced (zaˈɡɾaːjəts)) is a small village west of Ivanji Grad in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zagrajec	Slovenia
country	Lilljansberget is a mountain, and since 2005 a residential area, in Umeå, Sweden.	Lilljansberget	Sweden
country	The Aa of Weerijs is a river which rises in Belgium, where it arises from the confluence of the Great Aa (in Wuustwezel) and the Small Aa (in Brecht).	Aa of Weerijs	Belgium
country	Qezelqash (Persian: قزلقاش‎, also Romanized as Qezelqāsh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qezelqash	Iran
country	Martinje (pronounced (maɾˈtiːnjɛ); Hungarian: Magasfok) is a village in the Municipality of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia, right on the border with Hungary.	Martinje	Slovenia
country	The Algeciras Heliport (Spanish: Helipuerto de Algeciras) is a public heliport in Algeciras (Cádiz, Spain).	Algeciras Heliport	Spain
country	St Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.	St Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat	Australia
country	Stary Gieląd (ˈstarɨ ˈɡʲɛlɔnt) (German: Alt Gehland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stary Gieląd	Poland
country	Kars Province (Turkish: Kars ili) is a province of Turkey, located in the northeastern part of the country.	Kars Province	Turkey
country	Panxian Railway Station is a railway station of Hangchangkun Passenger Railway located in Pan County, Guizhou, People's Republic of China.	Panxian Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum (NHHM) commonly known as National Crafts Museum in New Delhi is one of the largest crafts museums in India.	National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum	India
country	Ayarneh (Persian: ايرنه‎; also known as Ayūrnī and Ayūrnī-ye Vīznah) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ayarneh	Iran
country	The Asahi Beer Hall (a.k.a. Super Dry Hall, or Flamme d'Or) is one of the buildings of the Asahi Breweries headquarters located on the east bank of the Sumida River in Sumida, Tokyo, Japan.	Asahi Beer Hall	Japan
country	Servani (Serbian: Сервани) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Servani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Lietava Castle (Slovak: Lietavský hrad, older names Litova, Letava, Lethowa, Zsolnalitva) is an extensive castle ruin in the Súľov Mountains of northern Slovakia, between the villages of Lietava and Lietavská Svinná-Babkov in the Žilina District.	Lietava Castle	Slovakia
country	Camden Sound is relatively wide body of water in the Indian Ocean located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Camden Sound	Australia
country	Nakajima-Kōen Station (中島公園駅) is a metro station station in Chūō-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.	Nakajima-Kōen Station	Japan
country	Mogili is a small coastal village located in the Bangarupalem mandal (Revenue division) of Chittoor District, Andhra Pradesh in southern India.	Mogili	India
country	Dejang-e Pain (Persian: دجنگ پائين‎, also Romanized as Dejang-e Pā’īn; also known as Dejank and Dejīng-e Pā’īn) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dejang-e Pain	Iran
country	The Gare de Pont-Rémy is a railway station in the town Pont-Remy, Somme department, region Picardy, northern France.	Gare de Pont-Rémy	France
country	Sędławki (sɛnˈdwafkʲi) (German: Sandlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Sędławki	Poland
country	The Bar Reef is a system of coral reefs just offshore from Sri Lanka's Kalpitiya peninsula.	Bar Reef	Sri Lanka
country	Iferni (Amazigh: Iferni, ⵉⴼⴻⵔⵏⵉ, Arabic: إفرني) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Iferni	Morocco
country	The Bazaar of Isfahan or Isfahan Bazaar is a historical market in Isfahan, Iran, one of the oldest and largest bazaars in the Middle East, dating back to the 17th century.	Bazaar of Isfahan	Iran
country	Ərəbmehdibəy (also, Arabmekhdibey, Arabmekhdybey, Arabmekhtibek, and Arabmekhtibeyli) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərəbmehdibəy	Azerbaijan
country	The North Jutlandic Island (Danish: Nørrejyske Ø), Vendsyssel-Thy, or simply Jutland north of the Limfjord (Jylland nord for Limfjorden) are lesser-used names for the northernmost part of Denmark and of Jutland.	North Jutlandic Island	Denmark
country	The Ubudiah Mosque (Malay: Masjid Ubudiah) is Perak's royal mosque, and is located in the royal town of Kuala Kangsar, Perak, Malaysia.	Ubudiah Mosque	Malaysia
country	Ninəlov (also, Ninalov) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ninəlov	Azerbaijan
country	Mazraeh-ye Akarmi (Persian: مزرعه اكرمي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ākramī) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Akarmi	Iran
country	Gramastetten is a municipality in the Austrian state of Upper Austria in the district of Urfahr-Umgebung in the upper Mühlviertel.	Gramastetten	Austria
country	Sarhaniyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: سرحانيه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sarḩānīyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sarhaniyeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Sayit-e Do (Persian: سايت 2‎, also Romanized as Sāyīt-e Do) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District, in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sayit-e Do	Iran
country	Hemnskjela (sometimes Hemnskjel) is an island in the municipality of Snillfjord in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Hemnskjela	Norway
country	Pimple Saudagar(Marathi-पिंपळे सौदागर) is a suburb in Pune Metropolitan City within the limits of Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporation, an Urban Agglomeration of Pune, India.	Pimple Saudagar	India
country	Mönchgut (Monk's Estates in German) is a peninsula of 29.44 square kilometers with 6600 inhabitants in the southeast of Rügen island in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Mönchgut	Germany
country	Borgartún is a street in Reykjavík, Iceland, that in years leading up to the country's economic crisis became the centre of the city's financial district.	Borgartún	Iceland
country	Uzunkaş (former Apsun) is a village in Yenişehir district, which is an intracity district within Greater Mersin, Turkey.	Uzunkaş	Turkey
country	Chandrasekhara Mahadeva Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Siva located in the village Patia, Bhubaneswar, Orissa, India.	Chandrasekhara Mahadeva Temple	India
country	Gallarate (ɡallaˈraːte) (Lombard: Galaraa) is a city and comune of Alto Milanese of Lombardy, northern Italy, in the Province of Varese.	Gallarate	Italy
country	Hara University (Pashto: حرا پوهنتون‎) is located in the eastern province of Khost, Afghanistan.	Hara University	Afghanistan
country	I An important metropolis by the Roman period, Thessaloniki was the second largest and wealthiest city of the Byzantine Empire.	Thessaloniki	Byzantine Empire
country	Qeshlaq-e Nowruzlu (Persian: قشلاق نوروزلو‎, also Romanized as Qēshlāq-e Nowrūzlū) is a village in Baruq Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Nowruzlu	Iran
country	Kobbvatnet (Lule Sami: Gåpjávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.	Kobbvatnet	Norway
country	Ta' Qali National Stadium (pronounced (ta ˈʔaːli)) is the national stadium of Malta, and is the home stadium of the Malta national football team.	Ta' Qali National Stadium	Malta
country	Arden station (previously Store-Arden station) is a railway station serving the town of Arden in Himmerland, Denmark.	Arden station	Denmark
country	Kamkuiyeh (Persian: كمكوئيه‎, also Romanized as Kamkū’īyeh; also known as Kamgu’iyeh and Kemkūh) is a village in Asfyj Rural District, Asfyj District, Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Kamkuiyeh	Iran
country	Novo Orahovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Ново Орахово, Hungarian: Zentagunaras, Rusyn: Нове Орахово) is a village in Serbia.	Novo Orahovo	Serbia
country	Mogra (also spelt Magra or Mugra) is a gram panchayat, police station and headquarters of Chinsurah-Mogra community development block in Hooghly district in West Bengal, India.	Mogra	India
country	Nia Khorram (Persian: نياخرم‎, also Romanized as Nīā Khorram) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Nia Khorram	Iran
country	Gerash (Persian: گراش‎‎, also Romanized as Gerāsh and Girāsh) is a city in and the capital of Gerash County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gerash	Iran
country	Cape Campbell (Scottish Gaelic: Cheap Caimbeul), Te Karaka in the Māori language, is in Marlborough, New Zealand, on the northeastern coast of the South Island.	Cape Campbell	New Zealand
country	Shahdad-e Shiru (Persian: شهدادشيرو‎, also Romanized as Shahdād-e Shīrū; also known as Shahd-e Shīrū) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shahdad-e Shiru	Iran
country	The Greek Senate (Greek: Γερουσία, Gerousia) was the upper chamber of the parliament in Greece, extant several times in the country's history.	Greek Senate	Greece
country	Ukrupata (Quechua ukru hole, pit, hollow, pata elevated place; above, at the top; edge, bank (of a river), shore, hispanicized spelling Urcupata) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,300 m (17,388 ft) high.	Ukrupata	Peru
country	Jhalod (or Zalod) is a large town of historical and commercial importance and serves as administrative headquarters of Jhalod Taluka in Dahod District, Gujarat State, India.	Jhalod	India
country	Tatranská Javorina is a village in Poprad District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Tatranská Javorina	Slovakia
country	Nußdorf am Inn (officially: Nußdorf a.Inn) is a municipality in the district of Rosenheim in the state of Bavaria in Germany.	Nußdorf am Inn	Germany
country	Ukkadam-Valankulam Lake is one of the lakes in Coimbatore, South India.	Ukkadam-Valankulam Lake	India
country	Norabak (Armenian: Նորաբակ; formerly, Azizlu; before then, Boyuk Karakoyun, Boyuk Gharaghoyun, and Mets Gharaghoyun) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Norabak	Armenia
country	Rikolatva (Russian: Риколатва) is the rural locality (a Posyolok) in Kovdor municipality of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Rikolatva	Russia
country	The 1998 Winter Paralympics medal table is a list of National Paralympic Committees (NPCs) ranked by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the 1998 Winter Paralympics, held in Nagano, Japan, from March 5 to March 14, 1998.	1998 Winter Paralympics medal table	Japan
country	Văliug (German: Franzdorf; Hungarian: Ferencfalva) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, western Romania, with a population of 930 people.	Văliug	Romania
country	Dashli Arqach (Persian: داشلي ارقاچ‎, also Romanized as Dāshlī Arqāch and Dāshlī Ārqāch) is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Dashli Arqach	Iran
country	Téapleu (also spelled Béapleu) is a town in the far west of Ivory Coast.	Téapleu	Ivory Coast
country	General Roberto Fierro Villalobos International Airport (IATA: CUU, ICAO: MMCU) is an international airport located in Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Mexico.	General Roberto Fierro Villalobos International Airport	Mexico
country	Shekaruyeh (Persian: شكروييه‎, also Romanized as Shekarūyeh; also known as Shakaru, Shekaroo, and Shekarū) is a village in Moqam Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shekaruyeh	Iran
country	Shadrinsk (Russian: Ша́дринск) is a town in Kurgan Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Iset River (Ob's basin) 146 kilometers (91 mi) northwest of Kurgan.	Shadrinsk	Russia
country	Hřensko (German: Herrnskretschen) is a small village of approximately 320 inhabitants in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic on the border with Germany.	Hřensko	Czech Republic
country	Leaders International Christian School of Manila (or ``Leaders-ICS'') is located inside of Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City, Philippines.	Leaders International Christian School of Manila	Philippines
country	Nağılar (also, Nagylar) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nağılar	Azerbaijan
country	Kiomourtzou (Greek: Κιομουρτζιού; Turkish: Kömürcü) is a small village in Cyprus located along the main Kyrenia--	Kiomourtzou	Cyprus
country	Vecsés (German: Wetschesch) is a town of 20,550 inhabitants in Budapest metropolitan area, Pest county, Hungary, situated adjacent to Budapest's Ferihegy Airport.	Vecsés	Hungary
country	Aizupe Manor (Latvian: Aizupes muižas pils) is a manor house built in late classicism style in Vāne parish, Kandava municipality, the historical region of Kurzeme, in Latvia.	Aizupe Manor	Latvia
country	Mama Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Мама) (ICAO: UIKM) is an airport in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia located 1 kilometer (0.62 mi) northwest of Mama on the Vitim River.	Mama Airport	Russia
country	Heshtia (Eshtiya) is a village in Ninotsminda (formerly Bogdanovsky) region of Georgia not far from Abul mountain.	Heshtia	Georgia
country	The Alexandra Blossom Festival is an annual event that is held for 17 days each September in Alexandra, New Zealand that celebrates the advent of Spring.	Alexandra Blossom Festival	New Zealand
country	Nagahamulla is a small locality in Pelawatte, Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Nagahamulla	Sri Lanka
country	Cheonan (Cheonan-si, sometimes spelled Chonan or Ch'onan) (Korean pronunciation: (tɕʰʌ.nan)) is a city located in the northeast corner of South Chungcheong, a province of South Korea, and is 83.6 km south of the capital, Seoul.	Cheonan	South Korea
country	Broniszewice (brɔniʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Broniszewice	Poland
country	Płośnica (pwɔɕˈnit͡sa) (German: Heinrichsdorf) is a village in Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Płośnica	Poland
country	Ingouville, also known as Ingouville-sur-Mer, is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region in northern France.	Ingouville	France
country	Likoma Island is the larger of two inhabited islands in Lake Malawi (also known as Lake Nyasa), in East Africa, the smaller being the nearby Chizumulu.	Likoma Island	Malawi
country	Podkrajewo (pɔtkraˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podkrajewo	Poland
country	Catholic University School (CUS) is a private independent, Catholic, secondary and primary school for boys in Dublin, Ireland.	Catholic University School	Ireland
country	The Hochschwab, Hochschwab Mountains, Hochschwab Alps or Hochschwab Group (German: Hochschwabgruppe) is a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps of Austria.	Hochschwab Mountains	Austria
country	The Nevola (Latin: Sena) is a river in the Marche region of Italy.	Nevola	Italy
country	Altenau, Germany Chambourcy, France Elbingerode, Lower Saxony, Germany Gehrden, Germany Hoheneggelsen, Söhlde, Germany Purhus, Denmark Velké Opatovice, Blansko District, Czech Republic	Elbingerode	Germany
country	Aditnalta is the eastern most island of Isla Cerro Prieto off the south western area of Mexico.	Aditnalta	Mexico
country	The Sydney Monorail (originally TNT Harbourlink and later Metro Monorail) was a single-loop monorail in Sydney, Australia, that connected Darling Harbour, Chinatown and the Sydney central business and shopping districts.	Sydney Monorail	Australia
country	Esbjerg Water Tower is an iconic water tower in Esbjerg in southwest Jutland, Denmark.	Esbjerg Water Tower	Denmark
country	Pieniążkowice (pjɛɲɔ̃ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Pieniążkowice	Poland
country	Kangilinnguit or Kangilínguit, formerly Grønnedal, is a settlement and a naval base in Greenland's Sermersooq municipality, located at the mouth of Arsuk Fjord in southwestern Greenland.	Kangilinnguit	Greenland
country	The Fürstenzug (English: Procession of Princes) in Dresden, Germany, is a large mural of a mounted procession of the rulers of Saxony.	Fürstenzug	Germany
country	Taqi Dizaj (Persian: تقي ديزج‎, also Romanized as Taqī Dīzaj; also known as Taqī Dīzeh (Persian: تقی ديزه) and Nagdīzsī) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Taqi Dizaj	Iran
country	Nabumali High School (NHS), is a mixed, boarding, secondary school in Eastern Uganda.	Nabumali High School	Uganda
country	Altamura (ˌaltaˈmuːra) is a city and comune of Apulia, in southern Italy.	Altamura	Italy
country	General Carrera Lake (Chilean side) or Lake Buenos Aires (Argentine side) is a lake located in Patagonia and shared by Argentina and Chile.	General Carrera Lake	Argentina	Chile
country	Somma Vesuviana is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Campania, southern Italy.	Somma Vesuviana	Italy
country	Mazraeh-ye Tayifeh Farhadlu (Persian: مزرعه طايفه فرهادلو‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ţāyīfeh Farhādlū) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Tayifeh Farhadlu	Iran
country	The Magdeburg Region (German: Region Magdeburg) is the name of the central region in the state of Saxony-Anhalt in North Germany.	Magdeburg Region	Germany
country	The Malmberget mine (Swedish: Malmbergsgruvan) is one of the largest iron ore mines in Sweden.	Malmberget mine	Sweden
country	Hollyford Valley is a valley in Fiordland, New Zealand, in the southwest of the South Island.	Hollyford Valley	New Zealand
country	Latifi (Persian: لطيفي‎, also Romanized as Laţīfī) is a city in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Latifi	Iran
country	The Great Royal Road of the Mauryans began at the Himalayan border and ran through Taxila (near modern Rawalpindi, Pakistan).	Great Royal Road	Pakistan
country	Al-Markazul Islami As-Salafi (Arabic: المركز الإسلامي السلفي; Bengali: আল-মারকাযুল ইসলামী আস-সালাফী) is the biggest Islamic educational institution of Bangladesh which is based upon Manhaj Salaf and run by Ahlehadeeth Movement Bangladesh, with a difference in curriculum and standard system.	Al-Markazul Islami As-Salafi	Bangladesh
country	Huanggu District (simplified Chinese: 皇姑区; traditional Chinese: 皇姑區; pinyin: Huánggū qū) is one of nine districts of Shenyang, the capital of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, and forms part of the urban core.	Huanggu District	People's Republic of China
country	The Bunurong Marine National Park (pronunciation: /ˈbʌnʌrɒŋ/) is a protected marine national park located off the coast of Cape Paterson in the South Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Bunurong Marine National Park	Australia
country	Kaltan (Russian: Калта́н) is a town in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia, located on the Kondoma River, 338 kilometers (210 mi) south of Kemerovo, the administrative center of the oblast.	Kaltan	Russia
country	Sefton High School is a partially selective high school in Sefton, Sydney, Australia.	Sefton High School	Australia
country	The Polytech Choir (Finnish: Polyteknikkojen Kuoro; PK) is an academic male choir, established in 1900, that performs regularly in Finland and abroad.	The Polytech Choir	Finland
country	Mount Giluwe is the second highest mountain in Papua New Guinea at 4,367 metres (14,327 ft) (Mount Wilhelm being the highest).	Mount Giluwe	Papua New Guinea
country	Zeds Dead is a Canadian electronic music duo from Toronto, Ontario, Canada composed of Dylan Mamid, or DC, and Zach Rapp-Rovan, or Hooks.	Zeds Dead	Canada
country	The Hoëgne is a river in Belgium, a left tributary of the Vesdre.	Hoëgne	Belgium
country	Laprakë is a neighbourhood of Tirana, Albania, located west of the main centre.	Laprakë	Albania
country	Papunáua River (Spanish pronunciation: (papuˈnawa)) is a river of Colombia.	Papunáua River	Colombia
country	Ambaji ( Gujarati: અંબાજી, Hindi: अम्बाजी, Ambājī) is a census town in Banaskantha district in the state of Gujarat, India.	Ambaji	India
country	Sannesund Bridge (Norwegian: Sannesundbrua) is a motorway cantilever bridge that crosses Glomma river in the town of Sarpsborg in Østfold county, Norway.	Sannesund Bridge	Norway
country	Kolonia Łomnicka (kɔˈlɔɲa wɔmˈnit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kolonia Łomnicka	Poland
country	The Tower Osaka is a high rise apartment building situated at Hotarumachi, 1-1 Fukushima, Fukushima-ku, Osaka, Japan.	The Tower Osaka	Japan
country	Wonopito Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Wonopito) (IATA: LWE), also known as Lembata Airport, is an airport serving Lewoleba, villages in the district Nubatukan, in the province of East Nusa Tenggara in Indonesia.	Wonopito Airport	Indonesia
country	Mexican Federal Highway 68 (Carretera Federal 68) is a Federal Highway of Mexico.	Mexican Federal Highway 68	Mexico
country	Hague/Guliker Field Aerodrome, (TC LID: CGF3), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) northeast of Hague, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Hague/Guliker Field Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Collingwood Blues were a Junior ``A'' ice hockey team from Collingwood, Ontario, Canada.	Collingwood Blues	Canada
country	Paros has numerous beaches including Chrissí Aktí (Golden Beach, Greece) near Drios on the east coast, at Pounda, Logaras, Piso Livadi, Naousa Bay, Parikia and Agia Irini.	Paros	Greece
country	Gomk (Armenian: Գոմք; also Romanized as Gomk''; formerly Gomur) is a small village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Gomk	Armenia
country	The Chantalvergyrgyn River (Russian: Чантальвэргыргын), also called the Chantalveergyn, is a stream located in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, in the Far East of Russia.	Chantalvergyrgyn River	Russia
country	Abdollahabad-e Yek (Persian: عبدالله اباد1‎, also Romanized as ``Abdollāhābād-e Yek; also known as ``Abdollāhābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 6 families.	Abdollahabad-e Yek	Iran
country	Greenmeadow is a suburb of Cwmbran in the county borough of Torfaen, within the historic county boundaries of Monmouthshire, southern Wales, United Kingdom.	Greenmeadow	United Kingdom
country	LISRAM Highway or Langkawi Highway, Federal Route, is a major highway in Langkawi Island, Kedah, Malaysia.	LISRAM Highway	Malaysia
country	Founded in 1982 by Jim Penman, Jim's Mowing has expanded to become Jim's Group, the largest franchise in Australia with 3000 franchises, as well as becoming the world's largest home franchise business.	Jim's Mowing	Australia
country	Kamieńsk (ˈkamʲɛɲsk) is a town in Poland, in Łódź Voivodeship, in Radomsko County.	Kamieńsk	Poland
country	The Railway Guarantee Act of 1849 was introduced in the Parliament of Canada West by Finance Minister Francis Hincks, who was also the President of the Great Western Railway of Canada.	Guarantee Act	Canada
country	Mollaşıxalı (also, Molla-Shikhaly and Mollashykhaly) is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mollaşıxalı	Azerbaijan
country	The Kejne affair was a political affair in Sweden in the 1950s.	Kejne affair	Sweden
country	Navalmoral de la Mata is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, western Spain.	Navalmoral de la Mata	Spain
country	Gelephu Gewog (Dzongkha: དགེ་ལེགས་ཕུ་) is a gewog (village block) of Sarpang District, Bhutan.	Gelephu Gewog	Bhutan
country	Çeyildağ (also, Çeyldağ, Chair-Dag, Cheil’dag, and Chel’Dag) is a settlement and municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Çeyildağ	Azerbaijan
country	The Jungang Line (literally Central Line) is a railway line connecting Cheongnyangni in Seoul to Gyeongju in South Korea, traversing central South Korea from the northwest to the southeast.	Jungang Line	South Korea
country	La Pampa (Córdoba) is a village located in the Totoral Department, Córdoba Province, Argentina.	La Pampa (Córdoba)	Argentina
country	Mardan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.	Mardan Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Naktuinbouw (Netherlands Inspection Service for Horticulture) is a Dutch centre of expertise.	Naktuinbouw	Netherlands
country	Champex Pass (French: ``Col de Champex'') (el. 1470 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Champex Pass	Switzerland
country	Belasagar Lake it is situated 10 km south of Kulpahar in Belatal village of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Belasagar Lake	India
country	Nobela (nɔˈbɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nobela	Poland
country	Or Yehuda (Hebrew: אוֹר יְהוּדָה, Arabic: أور یهودا‎) is a city in the Tel Aviv District of Israel.	Or Yehuda	Israel
country	The Ishinomaki Saint John the Apostle Orthodox Church (Japanese: 石巻ハリストス正教会 聖使徒イオアン聖堂: Ishinomaki Harisutosu Seikyōkai, Sei-shito Ioan Seidō) is an Orthodox Church in Ishinomaki, Miyagi, dedicated to St. John the Apostle, belonging to Orthodox Church in Japan.	Ishinomaki Saint John the Apostle Orthodox Church	Japan
country	Victoria Prison (Chinese: 域多利監獄), or Victoria Gaol was Hong Kong's first prison.	Victoria Prison	Hong Kong
country	Budimirci (Macedonian Cyrillic: Будимирци) is a village in the Mariovo region of Macedonia.	Budimirci	Macedonia
country	Valdeltormo (Spanish: (ˈbaldelˈtoɾmo)) or La Vall de Tormo (Catalan: (ɫə ˈβaʎ də ˈtormu), locally: (la ˈβaɫ de ˈtoɾmo)) is a municipality located in the Matarraña/Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Valdeltormo	Spain
country	The Do Fogo River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.	Do Fogo River	Brazil
country	Vrbno pod Pradědem (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvr̩bno ˈpotpraɟɛdɛm); German: Würbenthal) is a town in the Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Vrbno pod Pradědem	Czech Republic
country	Mutitjulu in Australia's Northern Territory is an Indigenous Australian community at the eastern end of Uluru (also known as Ayers Rock).	Mutitjulu	Australia
country	Wangenitzsee is a lake of Carinthia, Austria, 46°55′37``N 12°48′01''E.	Wangenitzsee	Austria
country	Pyay (Burmese: ပြည်မြို့; MLCTS: prany mrui., pronounced: (pjì mjo̰); Mon: ပြန်, (prɔn); also known as Prome) is principal town of Pyay Township in the Bago Region in Myanmar.	Pyay	Myanmar
country	American University of Antigua (AUA) is a private medical institution of higher education located in the Caribbean nation of Antigua and Barbuda.	American University of Antigua	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Kpalimé is a city in the Plateaux Region of Togo, 120 km north of Lomé and 15 km from the Ghanaian border.	Kpalimé	Togo
country	The Nizwa Fort is a large castle in Nizwa, Oman.	Nizwa Fort	Oman
country	Baveh (Persian: باوه‎, also Romanized as Bāveh) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baveh	Iran
country	The Litoranea Veneta is a network of some 600 km of canals and navigable stretches of river in the Veneto region of north-east Italy.	Litoranea Veneta	Italy
country	Ērģeme (Estonian: Härgmäe) is a village in Valka municipality, Latvia, and the centre of Ērģeme parish.	Ērģeme	Latvia
country	The Aguinaldo Highway also known as Cavite-Batangas Road and Manila West Road is a 6-lane, 41-kilometre (25 mi) highway passing through the busiest towns and cities of Cavite, Philippines.	Aguinaldo Highway	Philippines
country	Khalmion (Kyrgyz: Халмион) is a village in Kadamjay District, Batken Region in south-west Kyrgyzstan, sitting practically on the border with Uzbekistan's Fergana Region.	Khalmion	Kyrgyzstan
country	Marina Baixa (Valencian pronunciation: (maˈɾina ˈβajʃa)) is a comarca in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Marina Baixa	Spain
country	Lühe is a Samtgemeinde (``collective municipality'') in the Altes Land west of Hamburg (Germany).	Lühe	Germany
country	Villa Cañás is a small city in the south of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, some 370 km from the provincial capital and not far from Venado Tuerto.	Villa Cañás	Argentina
country	Dinaran (Persian: ديناران‎, also Romanized as Dīnārān) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dinaran	Iran
country	The 2014 World Club Challenge marked a return to Australia, 20 years after the last Australian based game.	2014 World Club Challenge	Australia
country	The Melbourne and Essendon Railway Company built a railway line from North Melbourne in Melbourne, Australia to Essendon in 1860.	Melbourne and Essendon Railway Company	Australia
country	The Islands North of Port Stewart Important Bird Area comprises ten small islands, with a combined area of 137 ha, on the Great Barrier Reef, off the north-eastern coast of the Cape York Peninsula, Queensland, Australia.	Islands North of Port Stewart Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Telih (Persian: تليه‎, also Romanized as Telīh; also known as Teliab) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Telih	Iran
country	The Ghegs live in Albania (north of the Shkumbin river), Kosovo, Macedonia and Montenegro.	Ghegs	Albania
country	Quarry Falls is a 6 metre high horsetail ribbon waterfall found on private property (private without permission to access) in Flamborough, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Quarry Falls	Canada
country	Mei Ami (Hebrew: מֵי עַמִּי) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Mei Ami	Israel
country	Kangavar (Persian: كنگاور‎; also Romanized as Kangāvar) is a city in and the capital of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kangavar	Iran
country	Jalan Enam Kaki (Six Feet Road) (Selangor state route B24) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Enam Kaki	Malaysia
country	The Kingsbury Hotel (formerly the Ceylon Continental Hotel Colombo and the Ceylon Inter-Continental Hotel), is a hotel building with 9 stories in the city center of Colombo, Sri Lanka.	The Kingsbury Hotel	Sri Lanka
country	Përmet (Greek: Πρεμετή, Premeti) is a municipality in Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Përmet	Albania
country	Sørmarka Arena is an indoor multi-purpose ice rink located in Stavanger, Norway.	Sørmarka Arena	Norway
country	Miminiska Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CMA4) is an aerodrome located on Lake Miminiska, Ontario, Canada.	Miminiska Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Oberhalbstein Alps (German: Oberhalbsteiner Alpen) or Platta Group (Italian: Alpi del Platta) are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy.	Oberhalbstein Alps	Switzerland
country	Thrippara Shiva Kshetram is a famous Shiva temple in Vallicode village, Pathanamthitta District, Kerala, India.	Thrippara Shiva Kshetram	India
country	The Donbass (Russian: Донба́сс) or Donbas (Ukrainian: Донбас) is a historical, cultural, and economic region in eastern Ukraine.	Donbass	Ukraine
country	Saint Lawrence Gap, Christ Church is one of the best known neighborhoods in the country of Barbados.	Saint Lawrence Gap	Barbados
country	Taylors UniLink is located in the city of Melbourne, Australia, offering accredited higher education diplomas.	Taylors UniLink	Australia
country	Sriharipuram (Telugu:శ్రీహరిపురం ) is one of the commercial and residential localities in the city of Visakhapatnam, India.	Sriharipuram	India
country	Tan Son Nhut Air Base (Vietnamese: Căn cứ không quân Tân Sơn Nhứt) (1955--1975) was a Republic of Vietnam Air Force (VNAF) facility.	Tan Son Nhut Air Base	Vietnam
country	Ango Territory is a territory in Bas-Uele District, Orientale Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Ango Territory	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Trzebiatkowa (tʂɛbjatˈkɔva) (German: Tschebiatkow; 1929--45: Radensfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchomie, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trzebiatkowa	Poland
country	Çelov (also, Chalov and Çalov) is a village and municipality in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çelov	Azerbaijan
country	Sandstone Island is a small island located approximately one kilometre southeast of the Hastings foreshore in Western Port, Victoria, Australia.	Sandstone Island	Australia
country	OFK Gradina is a football club from the city of Srebrenik situated in the northeastern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	OFK Gradina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Second ``Clearstream affair'' was a political scandal in France in the run-up to the 2007 presidential election.	Clearstream affair	France
country	Acarigua (Spanish pronunciation: (akaˈɾiɣwa)) founded as San Miguel de Acarigua is a city in northwestern Venezuela, in the northern part of the state of Portuguesa.	Acarigua	Venezuela
country	Forrestdale Lake is a lake nature reserve in the City of Armadale, Western Australia, approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of the central business district of Perth, the state capital, and on the southern fringes of the Perth metropolitan area.	Forrestdale Lake	Australia
country	Yel Cheshmeh-ye Jadid (Persian: يل چشمه جديد‎, also Romanized as Yel Cheshmeh-ye Jadīd and Yelcheshmeh-ye Jadīd) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yel Cheshmeh-ye Jadid	Iran
country	Vasu Kola (Persian: واسوكلا‎, also Romanized as Vāsū Kolā; also known as Asū Kolā) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vasu Kola	Iran
country	Colpach-Haut (Luxembourgish: Uewerkolpech, German: Obercolpach) is a village in the commune of Ell, in western Luxembourg.	Colpach-Haut	Luxembourg
country	The Equality Ombudsman (Swedish: Diskrimineringsombudsmannen, DO, ``discrimination ombudsman''; formerly Swedish: Jämställdhetsombudsmannen, JämO) is a government agency in Sweden tasked with supervising the laws relating to discrimination on sex, transgender identity or expression, ethnicity, religion or other belief, disability, sexual orientation or age.	Equality Ombudsman	Sweden
country	Nagod was formerly the capital of a princely state of British India, Nagod State.	Nagod	India
country	Tesan (Persian: تسن‎‎, also Romanized as Tesān) is a village in Godeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tesan	Iran
country	On August 1, 1949, Protpittayapayat School was established as a public high school of Latkrabang district, in Bangkok, Thailand.	Protpittayapayat School	Thailand
country	Železná Ruda (literally ``iron ore'', Czech pronunciation: (ˈʒɛlɛznaː ˈruda), German: Markt Eisenstein) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic.	Železná Ruda	Czech Republic
country	Al-Mushannaf (Arabic: المشنف‎ also spelled Mushennef) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the al-Suwayda Governorate, located northeast of al-Suwayda.	Al-Mushannaf	Syria
country	The Vesulspitze is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps, located near Ischgl in Austria.	Vesulspitze	Austria
country	Lyngs station is a railway station serving the small village of Lyngs on the Thyholm Peninsula in Thy, Denmark.	Lyngs station	Denmark
country	Setrawa (Shaitrawa) is a panchayat village in Shergarh Tehsil, Jodhpur District, Rajasthan, western India.	Shaitrawa	India
country	Jaunpils Municipality (Latvian: Jaunpils novads) is a municipality in Zemgale, Latvia.	Jaunpils Municipality	Latvia
country	Berkashat (Armenian: Բերքաշատ) is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Berkashat	Armenia
country	Ter Idzard (West Frisian: Teridzert) is a village in Weststellingwerf in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Ter Idzard	Netherlands
country	Vésztő is a town in Békés county, in the Southern Great Plain region of south-east Hungary.	Vésztő	Hungary
country	The Mwachema River is a river of southeastern Kenya.	Mwachema River	Kenya
country	Radio Shalom Paris is a community-based radio station of Jewish sensitivity based in Paris, France.	Radio Shalom Paris	France
country	Gransherad is a former municipality in Telemark county, Norway, located north-west of the city Notodden.	Gransherad	Norway
country	Høvikodden is a headland in Bærum municipality, Norway, located by the Oslofjord near the populated area Høvik, whence its name was taken.	Høvikodden	Norway
country	Most District (Okres Most in Czech) is one of seven districts (okres) located within the Ústí nad Labem Region (Ústecký kraj) in the Czech Republic.	Most District	Czech Republic
country	The Lund Cathedral (Swedish: Lunds domkyrka), built as Catholic (arch)episcopal see of the Diocese of Lund (first a suffragan of Bremen in Germany, soon Metropolitan for much of Scandinavia), dedicated to the Martyr Saint Lawrence, is since the Swedish Reformation the Lutheran cathedral in Lund, Scania, Sweden.	Lund Cathedral	Sweden
country	Robert College of Istanbul (Turkish: İstanbul Özel Amerikan Robert Lisesi or Robert Kolej) is an independent private high school in Turkey.	Robert College	Turkey
country	Capitán José Daniel Vazquez Airport (IATA: ULA, ICAO: SAWJ), also known as Puerto San Julián Airport or San Julián Airport, is an airport serving Puerto San Julián, Santa Cruz, Argentina.	Capitán José Daniel Vazquez Airport	Argentina
country	School of the Air is a generic term for correspondence schools catering for the primary and early secondary education of children in remote and outback Australia where some or all classes were traditionally conducted by radio, although this is now being replaced by internet technology.	School of the Air	Australia
country	Túrkeve is a town in Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok county, in the Northern Great Plain region of Hungary.	Túrkeve	Hungary
country	Bugabula is one of the five traditional principalities of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda.	Bugabula	Uganda
country	The Government of Rotterdam is the government of the municipality and city of Rotterdam in the Netherlands.	Government of Rotterdam	Netherlands
country	Samad-e Deh-e Mardeh (Persian: صمد دهمرده‎, also Romanized as Şamad-e Deh-e Mardeh) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Samad-e Deh-e Mardeh	Iran
country	Uggleviken (Swedish: (the) Owl Bay) is a former bay and lake in Norra Djurgården, a semi-rural area in north-eastern central Stockholm, Sweden, forming part of the Royal National City Park.	Uggleviken	Sweden
country	Beszyn (ˈbɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Beszyn	Poland
country	Ashtavinayaka yatra trip refers to a pilgrimage to the eight Hindu temples in Maharashtra state of India that house eight distinct idols of Ganesha, in a pre-ascertained sequence.	Ashtavinayaka	India
country	The Målviken mine is a large open pit mine located in the northern part of Norway in Nordland.	Målviken mine	Norway
country	Cave Stream, also known as Broken River Cave, is a 594 metres (1,949 ft) long cave in New Zealand, located on State Highway 73.	Cave Stream	New Zealand
country	Mar Roukouz or Mar Roukoz (Arabic: مار روكز ‎ translit. Mar Roukouz) is a village in the Matn District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate, Lebanon.	Mar Roukouz	Lebanon
country	Sankan Biriwa is a mountain massif in the east of Sierra Leone with two peaks, both over 1,800 metres, the northernmost is the second highest in Sierra Leone at 1,850 m. The mountain is part of the Tingi Hills Forest Reserve.	Sankan Biriwa	Sierra Leone
country	Foça (from Greek: Φώκαια, ``Phocaea'') is a town and district in Turkey's İzmir Province, on the Aegean coast.	Foça	Turkey
country	Bácsborsód is a large village and municipality in Bács-Kiskun county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary.	Bácsborsód	Hungary
country	Kalateh-ye Kandi (Persian: كلاته كندي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Kandī) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Kandi	Iran
country	Val di Campo is a small valley to the east of Val Poschiavo, Switzerland.	Val di Campo	Switzerland
country	Vats Church (Norwegian: Vats kyrkje) is a parish church in Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Vats Church	Norway
country	Julandeh (Persian: جولانده‎, also Romanized as Jūlāndeh and Jowlān Deh; also known as Ghūlan Deh and Gīlān Deh) is a village in Zherizhah Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Julandeh	Iran
country	Sankt Thomas am Blasenstein (also St. Thomas am Blasenstein) is a municipality in the district of Perg in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Sankt Thomas am Blasenstein	Austria
country	Cordillera Isabelia or Cordillera Isabella is the northern portion of the central mountain range in Nicaragua, which runs from northwest to southeast through the center of the country.	Cordillera Isabelia	Nicaragua
country	The Indonesian government renamed the NW summit after professor Sumantri Brodjonegoro (id), Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources of the Republic of Indonesia, after he had died in office in 1973 at the age of 47.	Sumantri	Indonesia
country	Værøy Airport (Norwegian: Værøy lufthavn; IATA: VRY, ICAO: ENVY) was a regional airport located at Nordlandet on the island and municipality of Værøy, Norway.	Værøy Airport	Norway
country	The Bodenseeklinik is a private clinic in Lindau, Germany.	Bodenseeklinik	Germany
country	Moscow Hermitage Garden (Russian: Сад Эрмитаж), a popular recreation spot, is a park in the central part of Moscow, Russia on Karetny Ryad Street.	Moscow Hermitage Garden	Russia
country	Maritime Electric is the supplier of electricity in Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Maritime Electric	Canada
country	Silacayoapam District is located in the northwest of the Mixteca Region of the State of Oaxaca, Mexico.	Silacayoapam District	Mexico
country	The Archives of Ontario (Archives publiques de l'Ontario in French) is the provincial archives for the province of Ontario, Canada.	Archives of Ontario	Canada
country	Gusika is a village on the Huon Peninsula, in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.	Gusika	Papua New Guinea
country	Korazim (Hebrew: כּוֹרָזִים) is a communal settlement in northern Israel on the Korazim plateau.	Korazim	Israel
country	CIDOB, acronym of the Barcelona Centre for International Affairs, is a Spanish think-tank based in Barcelona, Catalonia Spain, dedicated to research and divulge contents of the different areas of international relations and development studies.	Barcelona Centre for International Affairs	Spain
country	Olympic Bridge or Grand Olympic Bridge (Korean: 올림픽대교) is a bridge over the Han River in Seoul, South Korea.	Olympic Bridge	South Korea
country	The Asset Protection Agency (APA) was an executive agency of the Government of the United Kingdom, operating as part of HM Treasury.	Asset Protection Agency	United Kingdom
country	Breakthrough Breast Cancer was a United Kingdom charity whose mission was to ``save lives through improving early diagnosis, developing new treatments and preventing all types of breast cancer''.	Breakthrough Breast Cancer	United Kingdom
country	Hof HaSharon Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית חוף השרון‎, Mo'atza Azorit Hof HaSharon, lit. Sharon Coast Regional Council), is a regional council in the Center and Tel Aviv districts of Israel.	Hof HaSharon Regional Council	Israel
country	Asnaq (Persian: اسنق‎) is a village in Ardalan Rural District, Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Asnaq	Iran
country	Mesa de Cacahuatenco is a Mesoamerican pre-Columbian archeological site, located in the municipality of Ixhuatlán de Madero in northern Veracruz, Mexico, south of the Vinasca River.	Mesa de Cacahuatenco	Mexico
country	UK Coal Production Ltd, formerly UK Coal plc, was the largest coal mining business in the United Kingdom.	UK Coal	United Kingdom
country	The Tazekka National Park of Morocco was created in 1950 with an initial area of 6.8 km².	Tazekka National Park	Morocco
country	Haluoleo Airport (formerly Wolter Monginsidi Airport) is an airport in Kendari, South East Sulawesi, Indonesia (IATA: KDI, ICAO: WAWW).	Haluoleo Airport	Indonesia
country	Karavas (Greek: Καραβάς; Turkish: Alsancak) is a town in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus.	Karavas	Cyprus
country	Manutuke is a settlement in the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Manutuke	New Zealand
country	Maduhak (Persian: مدوحك‎, also Romanized as Madūḩak; also known as Madaḩok) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Maduhak	Iran
country	Pelekanos (Greek: Δήμος Πελεκάνου) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Pelekanos	Greece
country	Hlegu Township (Burmese: လှည်းကူး မြို့နယ်, pronounced: (l̥ɛ́ɡú mjo̰nɛ̀)) is a township in Yangon Division, Burma (Myanmar).	Hlegu Township	Myanmar
country	The Oortsog Ovoo mine is a large open pit mine located in the central part of Mongolia.	Oortsog Ovoo mine	Mongolia
country	Accra High School is a High school located in Accra, Ghana in West Africa.	Accra High School	Ghana
country	The Bastion Museum is a museum of works by Jean Cocteau, on the harbour wall of Menton, on the French Riviera, in the Alpes-Maritimes department of France.	Bastion Museum	France
country	Maira Valley (in Italian Val Maira or Valle Macra) is a valley in south-west of Piedmont in the Province of Cuneo, Italy.	Maira Valley	Italy
country	Río Tercero Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Río Tercero, IATA: RCR, ICAO: SAOE) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Río Tercero, Córdoba, Argentina.	Río Tercero Airport	Argentina
country	The Thorsberg moor (German: Thorsberger Moor, Danish: Thorsberg Mose or Thorsbjerg Mose Angel Danish: Tosbarch, Tåsbjerre ``Thor's hill'') near Süderbrarup in Anglia, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, is a peat bog in which the Angles deposited votive offerings for approximately four centuries.	Thorsberg moor	Germany
country	Gonj Kesur (Persian: گنج كسور‎, also Romanized as Gonj Kesūr; also known as Konj Kesūr) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gonj Kesur	Iran
country	Vasant Kunj Marg is a road in Delhi, India that connects Vasant Kunj Sector-A (Pocket B&C), Sector-D (Pocket 1,2,3,4) and Kishangarh Village to Mehrauli-Gurgaon Road(M.G Road).	Vasant Kunj Marg	India
country	Ostrów Kaliski (ˈɔstruf kaˈliski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ostrów Kaliski	Poland
country	Beilun River (Chinese: 北仑河; pinyin: Běilún hé), or Ka Long River (Vietnamese: sông Ka Long), Bắc Luân River (sông Bắc Luân) is a river of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in southwest China and Quảng Ninh Province in northeast Vietnam.	Beilun River	Vietnam
country	Queens Pound River, a partly perennial river of the Tuross River catchment, is located in the upper ranges of the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Queens Pound River	Australia
country	Darb-e Behesht (Persian: درب بهشت‎) is a city in and the capital of Sarduiyeh District, in Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darb-e Behesht	Iran
country	Viruvuru is a panchayat village in the Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Viruvur	India
country	Pucarani (from Aymara Pukarani) is a small town in the La Paz Department in Bolivia.	Pucarani	Bolivia
country	Byczyna-Kolonia (bɨˈt͡ʂɨna kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Byczyna-Kolonia	Poland
country	Voorburg is a Dutch town and former municipality in the western part of the province of South Holland, the Netherlands.	Voorburg	Netherlands
country	Trastenik (Bulgarian: Тръстеник, also transliterated Trustenik, Trǎstenik, etc.) is a town in central northern Bulgaria, part of Dolna Mitropoliya municipality, Pleven Province.	Trastenik	Bulgaria
country	Parc Borély is a public municipal park in the city of Marseille, in France.	Parc Borély	France
country	The Northern Velebit National Park (Croatian: Nacionalni park Sjeverni Velebit) is a national park in Croatia that covers 109 km2 of the northern section of the Velebit mountain, the largest mountain in Croatia.	Northern Velebit National Park	Croatia
country	Imām Ṣāhib (Persian: امام صاحب‎), also transliterated as Emām Sāheb, is a town in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan,center of the Imam Sahib District.	Imam Sahib	Afghanistan
country	Zendaneh (Persian: زندانه‎, also Romanized as Zendāneh) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zendaneh	Iran
country	Damerjog is a small village located in eastern Djibouti, populated by farmers and gardeners, located in the Arta Region, 13 km southeast of the capital Djibouti, north of the border with Somalia.	Damerjog	Djibouti
country	Pašková (Hungarian: Páskaháza) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Pašková	Slovakia
country	Robercin (rɔˈbɛrt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Robercin	Poland
country	St Erney is a hamlet with a Church of England church in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Erney	United Kingdom
country	The École Normale Hébraïque (``Jewish Normal School'', Arabic: المدرسة العبرية العادية‎) is a Jewish secondary school in Casablanca, Morocco, opened in 1945.	École Normale Hébraïque	Morocco
country	Šmarata (pronounced (ʃmaˈɾaːta)) is a village south of Stari Trg pri Ložu in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Šmarata	Slovenia
country	Pildammsparken (Willowpond Park) is a neighbourhood and park in Malmö, Sweden founded for the Baltic Exhibition of 1914.	Pildammsparken	Sweden
country	Kursk State Medical University (Курский Государственный Медицинский Университет in Russian) is a Russia Government University of higher professional education and ministry on health and social medicine.	Kursk State Medical University	Russia
country	Raudsild (Iron Bridge) was a footbridge across Emajõgi in Tartu, Estonia, which was opened on 3 June 1993, and dismantled again in 2007.	Raudsild	Estonia
country	Laguna de Lobos is a lake located near Lobos, Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.	Laguna de Lobos	Argentina
country	The Dutch Institute of Systems and Control is an interuniversity institute and graduate school that unites nine university departments in the Netherlands active in systems and control theory and engineering.	Dutch Institute of Systems and Control	Netherlands
country	Pniewy (ˈpɲevɨ) (German: Pinne) is a town in Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 7,477 inhabitants (2004).	Pniewy	Poland
country	The Pantanos de Villa Wildlife Refuge (located in Villa El Salvador, Lima, Peru) is a 263-hectare protected habitat for more than 208 species of birds including local residents, Andean migrants, and northern and southern hemisphere migrants.	Pantanos de Villa Wildlife Refuge	Peru
country	Grey Nuns Motherhouse, now known as the Grey Nuns Building, is a former motherhouse of the Grey Nuns located at 1190 Guy Street, in the Borough of Ville-Marie, Montréal, Quebec, Canada.	Grey Nuns Motherhouse	Canada
country	ABB Grain was Australia's largest agribusiness.	ABB Grain	Australia
country	Karpowo (karˈpɔvɔ) (German Kerpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Karpowo	Poland
country	The Maestrazgo (Spanish: (maesˈtɾaθɣo)) or Maestrat (Valencian: (maesˈtɾat)) is a natural and historical mountainous region, located at the eastern end of the Iberian System mountain range, in Spain.	Maestrazgo	Spain
country	Shinawatra University (SIU) is an international university in Thailand.	Shinawatra University	Thailand
country	Macenta is a town in southeastern Guinea, founded by the Toma people.	Macenta	Guinea
country	Do Char (Persian: دوچار‎, also Romanized as Do Chār) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Do Char	Iran
country	The Frankincense Trail is a site in Oman on the Incense Road.	Frankincense Trail	Oman
country	Teacapan Estuary, (Estero de Teacapán) is an estuary in Mexico, within the two provinces of Sinaloa and Nayarit.	Teacapan Estuary	Mexico
country	The Galería de Arte Mexicano (GAM) was founded by Carolina and Inés Amor on 7 March 1940, in Mexico City and has been the first gallery of Mexican art. The gallery building was the first building in Mexico of Andrés Casillas de Alba.	Galería de Arte Mexicano	Mexico
country	Gallinara or Isola d'Albenga lies in the Ligurian Sea off the coast of Albenga in the Province of Savona, Liguria, Italy.	Gallinara	Italy
country	Dinsho (also called Gurie) is a village in south-central Ethiopia.	Dinsho	Ethiopia
country	Gornji Lenart (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnji ˈleːnaɾt)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Gornji Lenart	Slovenia
country	Hedwigenkoog is a municipality belonging to the Amt (``collective municipality'') Büsum-Wesselburen in the district Dithmarschen in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Hedwigenkoog	Germany
country	Thalayattimund is a locality in the Ooty township of the Nilgiris district in Tamil Nadu, India.	Thalayattimund	India
country	Val-de-Travers District is a district in the canton of Neuchâtel, in Switzerland.	Val-de-Travers District	Switzerland
country	Aleza Lake railway station is on the Canadian National Railway mainline in Aleza Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Aleza Lake railway station	Canada
country	Dlhá is a municipality of Trnava District in the Trnava region of Slovakia.	Dlhá	Slovakia
country	Gorg Taj (Persian: گرگتج‎, also Romanized as Gorg Tāj) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gorg Taj	Iran
country	The Lou Marsh Trophy, also known as the Lou Marsh Memorial Trophy and Lou Marsh Award, is a trophy that is awarded annually to Canada's top athlete, professional or amateur.	Lou Marsh Trophy	Canada
country	Cazalegas is a municipality located in the west of province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Cazalegas	Spain
country	Nordlandet Church (Norwegian: Nordlandet kirke) is a parish church in Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Nordlandet Church	Norway
country	Stade Pershing (French pronunciation: ​(stad pɛʁʃiŋ)) was a multi-purpose stadium in the Bois de Vincennes in Paris, France.	Stade Pershing	France
country	Gulpener Brewery (Gulpener Bierbrouwerij BV) is an independent Dutch brewery in Gulpen, Limburg, the Netherlands.	Gulpener Brewery	Netherlands
country	NSCAD University, also known as the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, is a post-secondary art school located in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	NSCAD University	Canada
country	Tafa Air was a failed low-cost airline project based in Tirana, Albania, focusing on Albanians living abroad (mostly in Germany).	Tafa Air	Albania
country	Pethalur (Kannada: ಹಳ್ಳಿಗುಡಿ) is a village in the Gadag district of Karnataka State in India.	Pethalur	India
country	Kourites (Greek: Κουρήτες) is a village and a former municipality in the Rethymno regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Kourites	Greece
country	Kirnu (Finnish for Butter churn) is a steel roller coaster located at the Linnanmäki amusement park in Helsinki, Finland.	Kirnu	Finland
country	The Shrine of Ibrahim, known locally as Lal Shahbaz Dargah, was built around 1160 in Bhadresar in Kutch district, Gujarat, India.	Shrine of Ibrahim	India
country	Qorlortorsuaq Dam is a hydroelectric dam near Qorlortorsuaq in the Nanortalik district of the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland.	Qorlortorsuaq Dam	Greenland
country	Cheshmeh Kazem (Persian: چشمه كاظم‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-e Kāz̧em, Cheshmeh Kāz̧em, Chashmeh-ye Kāz̄ām, and Cheshmeh-ye Kāz̧em; also known as Chashmeh Kāzim and Cheshmeh Kāz̧emīyeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Kazem	Iran
country	Sixmilebridge railway station is a railway station that serves the village of Sixmilebridge in County Clare, Ireland.	Sixmilebridge railway station	Ireland
country	Suki Airport is an airport in Suki, in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.	Suki Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Allesø is a village and northwestern suburb of Odense, Funen, Denmark.	Allesø	Denmark
country	St. Peter's Abbey on the Madron (Kloster St. Peter am Madron) was a Benedictine monastery in Flintsbach am Inn in Bavaria, Germany.	St. Peter's Abbey on the Madron	Germany
country	The Tennis Stadium Kitzbühel is a tennis complex located in Kitzbühel in Austria.	Tennis Stadium Kitzbühel	Austria
country	Petrykivka (Ukrainian: Петриківка) is an urban-type settlement in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) in east-central Ukraine.	Petrykivka	Ukraine
country	The Ituri Rainforest is a rainforest located in the Ituri region of eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo formerly called Zaire.	Ituri Rainforest	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Miklarji (pronounced (ˈmiːklaɾji); also Miklarje; German: Brunngeräuth, Gottscheerish: Prunngreit) is a small remote settlement in the hills west of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Miklarji	Slovenia
country	The Great Moss Swamp (also known as the Loganburn Reservoir) is located in Otago, New Zealand.	Great Moss Swamp	New Zealand
country	Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology (VSSUT), formerly known as the University College of Engineering, Burla, is a University Grants Commission (India) (UGC) recognised Unitary Technical University located in Burla, Sambalpur, Odisha, India.	Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology	India
country	Huerquehue National Park (Spanish pronunciation: (werˈkewe)) is located in the foothills of the Andes, in the Valdivian temperate rainforest of the La Araucanía region in southern Chile.	Huerquehue National Park	Chile
country	SilkAir (Singapore) Private Limited is a regional airline with its head office in Airline House in Singapore; previously it was on the fifth storey of the SIA Superhub in Singapore.	SilkAir	Singapore
country	Nunska Graba (pronounced (ˈnuːnska ˈɡɾaːba); German: Schützenberg) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Nunska Graba	Slovenia
country	The Clarendon Weir is a small weir on the Onkaparinga River, near Adelaide in South Australia.	Clarendon Weir	Australia
country	Boorowa is a farming town in the South West Slopes of New South Wales, Australia.	Boorowa	Australia
country	The Kulpenberg is a 477 metre high mountain in the Kyffhäuser mountains, Thuringia, Germany.	Kulpenberg	Germany
country	Mõniste Parish (Estonian: Mõniste vald; Võro: Mõnistõ vald) is a rural municipality in Võru County, southeastern Estonia.	Mõniste Parish	Estonia
country	La Roue Tourangelle is a road bicycle race held annually in the Region Centre, France.	La Roue Tourangelle	France
country	Vlasotince (Serbian Cyrillic: Власотинце) is a town and municipality in south-east Serbia.	Vlasotince	Serbia
country	Nicotera (Greek: Nikoptera, Medma) is a comune (municipality) in the province of Vibo Valentia, Calabria, southern Italy.	Nicotera	Italy
country	The Ny Carlsberg Brewhouse (Danish: Ny Carlsberg Bryghus) is a historic, listed building in the Carlsberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark, on the border between Vesterbro and Valby.	Ny Carlsberg Brewhouse	Denmark
country	Öyləqulu (also, Oylyakulu) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Öyləqulu	Azerbaijan
country	Winneba, is a town and the capital of Effutu Municipal District in Central Region of South Ghana.	Winneba	Ghana
country	Huacareta Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Huacareta, ICAO: SLHC) is a public use airport located near Huacareta, Chuquisaca, Bolivia.	Huacareta Airport	Bolivia
country	Delta Kappa Fraternity (ΔΚ) was a national fraternity in the United States of America that existed from 1920 to 1964.	Delta Kappa	United States of America
country	Grand Lake-Gagetown was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada.	Grand Lake-Gagetown	Canada
country	Djamandioké (also spelled Djamadjoké) is a town in the south-western corner of Ivory Coast.	Djamandioké	Ivory Coast
country	The House of Sverre (Norwegian: Sverreætten) was a royal house or dynasty which ruled, at various times in history, the Kingdom of Norway, hereunder the kingdom's realms, and the Kingdom of Scotland.	House of Sverre	Norway
country	The Cawse mine is a large mine in the west of Australia in the Western Australia.	Cawse mine	Australia
country	Kyrgia (Greek: Κύργια) is a village and a community in the municipality of Doxato, Drama regional unit, northern Greece.	Kyrgia	Greece
country	Lake Akşehir (Turkish: Akşehir Gölü) is a tectonic freshwater endorheic lake in Afyonkarahisar and Konya provinces, southwestern part of Turkey.	Lake Akşehir	Turkey
country	Hearst (René Fontaine) Municipal Airport (Aéroport municipale de Hearst Municipal Airport) (IATA: YHF, ICAO: CYHF), named after René Fontaine, is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) northwest of Hearst, Ontario, Canada.	Hearst (René Fontaine) Municipal Airport	Canada
country	Lipowczyce (lipɔfˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Lipowczyce	Poland
country	Mohammadabad-e Shah Nur (Persian: محمدابادشه نور‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Shah Nūr) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Shah Nur	Iran
country	The Solvay Brussels School of Economics and Management (abbreviated as SBS-EM and also known as the Solvay Business School, or simply Solvay) is a business school and a Faculty of the Université libre de Bruxelles, a French-speaking private research university located in Brussels, Belgium.	Solvay Brussels School of Economics and Management	Belgium
country	The Chapel of Nossa Senhora de Baluarte is located on the most eastern tip of the Island of Mozambique which sits off the coast of Mozambique in Africa.	Chapel of Nossa Senhora de Baluarte	Mozambique
country	Bailén (formerly Baylen in English) is a town in the province of Jaén, Spain.	Bailén	Spain
country	Šumići (Serbian Cyrillic: Шумићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šumići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Vizianagaram district is a northern coastal district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Vizianagaram district	India
country	Üzümü, Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya, Antalya Province, Turkey.	Üzümü, Alanya	Turkey
country	The 1066 Country Walk is a waymarked long-distance footpath or recreational walk in southern England, United Kingdom.	1066 Country Walk	United Kingdom
country	The Antholzer See (Italian: Lago di Anterselva; German: Antholzer See) is a lake in the Antholzertal in South Tyrol, Italy.	Antholzer See	Italy
country	Sheikh Zakariyyah Islamic Research Center, situated at Al-Hera Tower, Kuratoli, Khilkhet, Dhaka, is a higher Islamic Research Center, founded in 2012 by Mufti Mizanur Rahman Sayed, a top-ranking Islamic Scholar of Bangladesh.	Sheikh Zakariyyah Islamic Research Center	Bangladesh
country	Gornji Čajdraš is a town in Central Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornji Čajdraš	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Dobrava pri Škocjanu (pronounced (ˈdoːbɾaʋa pɾi ʃkɔˈtsjaːnu); German: Dobrawa) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Dobrava pri Škocjanu	Slovenia
country	The Partry Mountains (Irish: Sliabh Phartraí) is a mountain range in County Mayo on the west coast of Ireland.	Partry Mountains	Ireland
country	Zgornji Tuhinj (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnji tuˈxiːnj); German: Obertuchein) is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zgornji Tuhinj	Slovenia
country	Rapel River is a river of Chile located in the O'Higgins Region.	Rapel River	Chile
country	Seven Persons is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within Cypress County.	Seven Persons	Canada
country	Varangeh Rud (Persian: وارنگه رود‎, also Romanized as Vārangeh Rūd; also known as Vārang Rūd) is a village in Nesa Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Varangeh Rud	Iran
country	Pliening is a community east of Munich in the northwest of the district of Ebersberg in the Regierungsbezirk of Upper Bavaria, Germany.	Pliening	Germany
country	Kolvi Caves or Kholve caves are located at Kolvi village in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Kolvi Caves	India
country	Körös-Maros National Park is one of the 10 national parks in Hungary (area 501.34 km²), located in Békés county, in the Southern Great Plain.	Körös-Maros National Park	Hungary
country	Seonbu-dong (Hangul: 선부동; hanja: 仙府洞) is neighbourhood of Danwon-gu, Ansan, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Seonbu-dong	South Korea
country	The Royal Scots Navy (or Old Scots Navy) was the navy of the Kingdom of Scotland from its origins in the Middle Ages until its merger with the Kingdom of England's Royal Navy per the Acts of Union 1707.	Royal Scots Navy	Kingdom of Scotland
country	Macharen is a small town in the southern part of the Netherlands, in the province North Brabant.	Macharen	Netherlands
country	Firlej (ˈfirlɛi̯) is a village in Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Firlej	Poland
country	Navand (Persian: ناوند‎, also Romanized as Nāvand) is a village in Zarjabad Rural District, Firuz District, Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Navand	Iran
country	Ankerbrua is a bridge located in the district of Grünerløkka, in the eastern end of Oslo, Norway.	Ankerbrua	Norway
country	The Sarphatipark is a public urban park located in the stadsdeel Amsterdam Oud-Zuid in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Sarphatipark	Netherlands
country	Bulubadiangan Island (variously Bolobadiangan island or Bulubadiangan Islet) is a privately owned island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Bulubadiangan Island	Philippines
country	Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics was held at Panathinaiko Stadium in Athens, Greece with ranking rounds on 12 August and regular competition held from 15 August to 21 August.	Archery at the 2004 Summer Olympics	Greece
country	Qabaqtəpə (also, Kabagtepe, Kabakhtapa, and Kabakhtepe) is a village and municipality in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qabaqtəpə	Azerbaijan
country	Dunsmuir Tunnel is a subway tunnel beneath Dunsmuir Street in Downtown Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Dunsmuir Tunnel	Canada
country	Bindlach is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Upper Franconia in Bavaria, Germany.	Bindlach	Germany
country	The Lukang Folk Arts Museum (Chinese: 鹿港民俗文物館; pinyin: Lùgǎng Mínsú Wénwùguǎn) is a museum in Lukang Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.	Lukang Folk Arts Museum	Taiwan
country	Cape Malabata (or Punta Malabata) is a cape located at 6 miles east of Tangier, Morocco facing the Strait of Gibraltar.	Cape Malabata	Morocco
country	Monte Cadria is a mountain in the Alps located in Italy.	Monte Cadria	Italy
country	Faściszowa (faɕt͡ɕiˈʂɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Faściszowa	Poland
country	Sazaghol (Persian: سازاغل‎, also Romanized as Sāzāghol; also known as Sāzoghli) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sazaghol	Iran
country	Cape Hay is an uninhabited headland on Bylot Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Cape Hay	Canada
country	Panjshir University (Persian: دانشگاه پنجشیر‎) is located in Panjshir province, northern Afghanistan.	Panjshir University	Afghanistan
country	Navkan (Persian: ناوكان‎, also Romanized as Nāvkān; also known as Nāhūkān) is a village in Ashar Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Navkan	Iran
country	Roque Nublo (Clouded Rock, Rock in the Clouds) is a volcanic rock on the island of Gran Canaria, Canary Islands, Spain.	Roque Nublo	Spain
country	Jackson Hawke was particularly prominent in Canada during the 1976-1978 period, releasing three singles and two albums on CBS Records.	Jackson Hawke	Canada
country	Aşağı Küngüt (also, Ashaga-Kyungyut and Ashagy-Kyungyut) is a village and municipality in the Shaki district of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Küngüt	Azerbaijan
country	Grabownica Starzeńska (ɡrabɔvˈɲit͡sa staˈʐɛɲska) (Ukrainian: Грабівниця, Hrabivnytsia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Grabownica Starzeńska	Poland
country	Big Den Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 20 km (12 mi) northeast of Gold River and 7 km (4 mi) south of Crown Mountain.	Big Den Mountain	Canada
country	The University of Campinas (Portuguese: Universidade Estadual de Campinas), commonly called Unicamp, is a public research university in the state of São Paulo, Brazil, and one of the best universities in Latin America.	University of Campinas	Brazil
country	Gaffelgränd (Swedish: Fork Alley) is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden, connecting Skeppsbron to Lilla Hoparegränd and Pelikansgränd, both of which are leading to Österlånggatan.	Gaffelgränd	Sweden
country	Stojpy (ˈstɔi̯pɨ) (German: Stöpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stojpy	Poland
country	Kiruna Airport is the northernmost airport in Sweden.	Kiruna Airport	Sweden
country	The Marree Mosque was built in Marree, South Australia around 1882 (some sources indicate as early as 1861), by members of the South Australian ``Afghan'' community.	Marree Mosque	Australia
country	Grangegorman Military Cemetery is a British military cemetery in Dublin, Ireland, located on Blackhorse Avenue, off the Navan Road and beside the Phoenix Park.	Grangegorman Military Cemetery	Ireland
country	Thunder Bay Chill is a Canadian soccer team based in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.	Thunder Bay Chill	Canada
country	Bensham Manor is a ward in the London Borough of Croydon, covering part of the Thornton Heath area of London in the United Kingdom.	Bensham Manor	United Kingdom
country	Castries Quarter is one of eleven Quarters on the Caribbean island nation of Saint Lucia.	Castries Quarter	Saint Lucia
country	Marquess of Anglesey (Welsh: Ardalydd Môn) is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.	Marquess of Anglesey	United Kingdom
country	Qaleh-ye Doktar Omad (Persian: قلعه دكترعماد‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Doktar ``Omād) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 4 families.	Qaleh-ye Doktar Omad	Iran
country	Orange RDC (formerly Congo Chine Télécoms or CCT) is a telecommunications company operating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Orange RDC	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Couch's Mill is a small hamlet in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Couch's Mill	United Kingdom
country	The Cambridge Branch, officially named the Hautapu Branch since 2011, is a rural railway line in the Waikato, New Zealand.	Cambridge Branch	New Zealand
country	Zarko (Greek: Ζάρκο, also: Zarkos) is a village in the Farkadona municipality, Trikala regional unit, Greece.	Zarko	Greece
country	Château de Beaucastel is a winery located in the southern part of the Rhône valley in France, which is primarily noted for its Châteauneuf du Pape wines produced in a long-lived style.	Château de Beaucastel	France
country	Stari Žednik (also known as Žednik) is a village located in the Subotica municipality, in the North Bačka District of Serbia.	Stari Žednik	Serbia
country	Seyfabad-e Khaleseh (Persian: سيف ابادخالصه‎, also Romanized as Seyfābād-e Khāleşeh) was a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Seyfabad-e Khaleseh	Iran
country	Brezje pri Lipoglavu (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈliːpɔɡlaʋu)) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Brezje pri Lipoglavu	Slovenia
country	The Ocnele Mari mine is a large salt mine located in southern Romania in Vâlcea County, close to Ocnele Mari.	Ocnele Mari mine	Romania
country	Ponoviče (German: Ponowitsch) is a settlement along the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Ponoviče	Slovenia
country	Tilburg University is a public research university specializing in the social and behavioral sciences, economics, law, business sciences, theology and humanities, located in Tilburg in the southern part of the Netherlands.	Tilburg University	Netherlands
country	Lipetsk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Липецк) (IATA: LPK, ICAO: UUOL) is an airport in Lipetsk Oblast, Russia located 12 km north of Lipetsk.	Lipetsk Airport	Russia
country	Vallipuram (Tamil: வல்லிபுரம்) was an ancient capital of the Northern Kingdoms of Sri Lanka.	Vallipuram	Sri Lanka
country	Tarforst is a suburban part of the city Trier in Germany with about 7,000 inhabitants.	Tarforst	Germany
country	Javanmiri (Persian: جوانميري‎, also Romanized as Javānmīrī) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Javanmiri	Iran
country	Sido Kanhu Murmu University (formerly known as Siddhu Kanhu University) is a public university situated in the indigenous peoples dominated area of Santhal Parganas region of Jharkhand state in eastern India.	Sido Kanhu Murmu University	India
country	Agios Minas (Greek: Άγιος Μηνάς) is a former municipality on the island of Chios, North Aegean, Greece.	Agios Minas	Greece
country	Palacio Chiarino is a French Neoclassical building located on the corner of Plaza de Cagancha and Avenue 18 de Julio in the center of Montevideo, Uruguay.	Palacio Chiarino	Uruguay
country	Gmajnica (pronounced (ˈɡmaːi̯nitsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Gmajnica	Slovenia
country	S. N. H. S. S., Irinjalakuda in Kattungachira, Irinjalakuda, in the Kerala state of India, was established by established by Late Shri C.R. Keshavan Vaidyar and managed by Chandrika Educational Trust.	S. N. H. S. S., Irinjalakuda	India
country	The Hopetoun Cup was established as a perpetual rugby union trophy between Australia and Scotland in 1998.	Hopetoun Cup	Australia
country	Camp Sears was closed along with several other camps in South Korea as part of a downsizing of forces.	Camp Sears	South Korea
country	Changa Bangial is a town and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Gujar Khan Tehsil in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Changa Bangial	Pakistan
country	The Sandsvatn is the largest lake on the island of Sandoy and the third largest in the Faroe Islands, measuring 0.8 km2 with a depth of 5 metres.	Sandsvatn	Faroe Islands
country	Kukës (Albanian: Kukës) is a town and municipality in northeastern Albania.	Kukës	Albania
country	Vrbovnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Врбовник) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrbovnik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ras el-Matn or (Ras el-Metn) or (Ra's al-Matn) (Arabic: رأس المتن‎) is a Lebanese town and municipality in the Baabda District of Mount Lebanon Governorate stretching over 1300 hectares (13 km² - 5.018 mi²).	Ras el-Matn	Lebanon
country	Åmarken station is a commuter rail railway station serving the southern part of the suburb of Hvidovre west of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Åmarken station	Denmark
country	Kerala United Theological Seminary (KUTS) is run by the Church of South India with an ecumenical outlook.	Kerala United Theological Seminary	India
country	Urgelling Monastery is a Buddhist monastery in Arunachal Pradesh, northeastern India.	Urgelling Monastery	India
country	Bohovska planina (Cyrillic: Боховска планина) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Bulgaria , near the town of Bosilegrad.	Bohovska planina	Bulgaria
country	Pic Nic railway station, alternatively Pic-Nic, Pic-nic or Picnic, was a railway station in Melbourne, Australia.	Pic Nic railway station	Australia
country	Castle Peak Hospital (Chinese: 青山醫院) is the oldest mental hospital in Hong Kong.	Castle Peak Hospital	Hong Kong
country	Jarabá (German: 'rare Briegarten) is a village and municipality in Brezno District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Jarabá	Slovakia
country	Bleaker Island (Spanish: Isla Maria) is one of the Falkland Islands, lying off south east Lafonia (the southern peninsula of East Falkland).	Bleaker Island	Falkland Islands
country	The Batumi Botanical Garden (Georgian: ბათუმის ბოტანიკური ბაღი) is a 108 hectare area of land 9 km north of the city of Batumi, capital of Autonomous Republic of Adjara, Georgia.	Batumi Botanical Garden	Georgia
country	Deyr Ali (Persian: ديرعلي‎, also Romanized as Deyr ``Alī) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 520, in 85 families.	Deyr Ali	Iran
country	Vereeniging (Afrikaans pronunciation: (fəˈreənəχɨŋ)) is a city in Gauteng province, South Africa, situated where the Klip River empties into the northern loop of the Vaal River.	Vereeniging	South Africa
country	Chah-e Rezaiyan (Persian: چاه رضائيان‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Rez̤ā'īyān) is a village in Yunesi Rural District, Yunesi District, Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Rezaiyan	Iran
country	The Langwieder lake district (German: Langwieder Seenplatte) is composed of three lakes west of Munich in Bavaria, Germany.	Langwieder lake district	Germany
country	Mawk'ataray or Mawk'a Taray (Quechua mawk'a ancient, Taray a town, ``old Taray'', hispanicized spelling Maukataray) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Mawk'ataray	Peru
country	Coto Ríos (often pronounced with a silent 's') is a village in the northeastern part of Jaén Province, Andalucía, Spain .	Coto Ríos	Spain
country	Crown Group Holdings is a property group that deals with the development and investment of properties in Australia.	Crown Group Holdings	Australia
country	Olympic Aviation's main purpose was to link all the Greek islands to the mainland, so it mainly operated a fleet of small turboprop aircraft, which could land in every airport of Greece.	Olympic Aviation	Greece
country	Zagorica pri Rovah (pronounced (zaɡɔˈɾiːtsa pɾi ˈɾɔːʋax) or (zaɡɔˈɾiːtsa pɾi ˈɾoːʋax); German: Sagoritz) is a small village east of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zagorica pri Rovah	Slovenia
country	Francisco Sarabia International Airport (Torreón International Airport) (IATA: TRC, ICAO: MMTC) is an international airport located in Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico.	Francisco Sarabia International Airport	Mexico
country	Nierstein is a town belonging to the Verbandsgemeinde Rhein-Selz in the Mainz-Bingen district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Nierstein	Germany
country	Al Sabkha (Arabic: السبخة‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Sabkha	United Arab Emirates
country	Fort Patience (Dutch: Fort Lijdzaamheid or, in 17th-century spelling, Fort Leydsaemheyt), is a Dutch-built fort located in the township of Apam, in the Central Region of Ghana.	Fort Patience	Ghana
country	The Keutenberg is a steep hill in the south of Limburg, Netherlands.	Keutenberg	Netherlands
country	Harkemase Boys is a football club from Harkema in the Netherlands.	Harkemase Boys	Netherlands
country	Asbest (Russian: Асбе́ст) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Bolshoy Reft River (right tributary of the Pyshma) on the eastern slopes of the Ural Mountains, 70 kilometers (43 mi) northeast of Yekaterinburg.	Asbest	Russia
country	Královec (German: Königshan) is a small village in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic, on border with Poland.	Královec	Czech Republic
country	Zard Kand (Persian: زردكند‎) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zard Kand	Iran
country	Račja Vas (pronounced (ˈɾaːtʃja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Račja vas) is a village on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Račja Vas	Slovenia
country	Stockholm North Station (Swedish: Stockholms norra station) or Stockholm N has been the name of two different railway stations in Stockholm, Sweden.	Stockholm North Station	Sweden
country	Calabozo Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Calabozo) (IATA: CLZ, ICAO: SVCL) is an airport serving Calabozo, a town in the state of Guárico in Venezuela.	Calabozo Airport	Venezuela
country	Alscheid (Luxembourgish: Alschent) is a village in the commune of Kiischpelt, in northern Luxembourg.	Alscheid	Luxembourg
country	A/S Galle & Jessen was Denmark's oldest chocolate factory.	Galle & Jessen	Denmark
country	Sheykh Baba (Persian: شيخ بابا‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Bābā and Sheykhbābā) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Baba	Iran
country	Aorere College is a co-educational state secondary school (years 9--13) that was established in 1964 in Papatoetoe, Manukau, Auckland, New Zealand.	Aorere College	New Zealand
country	Tambov Governorate was the administrative unit of the Russian Empire, Russian Republic, and later the Russian SFSR with the center in the city of Tambov.	Tambov Governorate	Russian Empire
country	Aalborg Kongres & Kultur Center (formally and unofficially Aalborghallen) is an indoor arena located in Aalborg, Denmark, which is used for exhibitions and concerts.	Aalborghallen	Denmark
country	Bablari Dewanganj (Bengali: বাবলারি দেওয়ানগঞ্জ) is a census town under Nabadwip police station of Krishnanagar subdivision in Nadia district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Bablari Dewanganj	India
country	Thanh Hoa Airport (Vietnamese: Sân bay Thanh Hóa) is a civil airport planned to be built in Thanh Hóa Province, North Central Coast region, Vietnam.	Thanh Hoa Airport	Vietnam
country	Theodoriana (Greek: Θεοδώριανα) is a former community in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Theodoriana	Greece
country	EPRU Stadium, also known by its original name of Boet Erasmus Stadium, was a stadium in Port Elizabeth, South Africa.	EPRU Stadium	South Africa
country	Ispechak (Persian: اِسپـِچَک ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Ispechak	Tajikistan
country	Gullele, also spelled Gulele, is one of the 10 subcities of Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia.	Gullele	Ethiopia
country	Pribišje (pronounced (pɾiˈbiːʃjɛ); German: Pribischje) is a small settlement in the hills north of Semič in Slovenia.	Pribišje	Slovenia
country	Hoseyn Beyglu (Persian: حسين بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Beyglū) is a village in Hajjilar-e Jonubi Rural District, Hajjilar District, Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Beyglu	Iran
country	Sım (also, Sym) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sım	Azerbaijan
country	Gader Valley (Slovak: Gaderská dolina) is a long valley in the Greater Fatra Range in Central Slovakia.	Gader Valley	Slovakia
country	Kot ob Kolpi (pronounced (ˈkoːt ɔp ˈkoːlpi); German: Winkel) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River south of Stari Trg ob Kolpi in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Kot ob Kolpi	Slovenia
country	Paimio Sanatorium is a former tuberculosis sanatorium in Paimio, Southwest Finland, designed by Finnish architect Alvar Aalto.	Paimio Sanatorium	Finland
country	The Château d'Alleuze is a ruined castle situated in the commune of Alleuze, in the Cantal département of France.	Château d'Alleuze	France
country	The Mata Redonda Wildlife Refuge is a Wildlife refuge of Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, which protects tropical forest and wetlands near the Tempisque River and the town of Rosario, Guanacaste.	Mata Redonda Wildlife Refuge	Costa Rica
country	The Brno Reservoir, previously known as the Kníničky Reservoir (Czech: Brněnská přehrada, also known as Prýgl in Hantec slang) is a dam on the Svratka River right outside the city of Brno, Czech Republic.	Brno Reservoir	Czech Republic
country	Burhanpur is a mid-size city in Madhya Pradesh state, India.	Burhanpur	India
country	Paris Orly Airport (French: Aéroport de Paris-Orly) (IATA: ORY, ICAO: LFPO) is an international airport located partially in Orly and partially in Villeneuve-le-Roi, 7 NM (13 km; 8.1 mi) south of Paris, France.	Orly Airport	France
country	The Carcarañá River (Spanish, Arroyo Saladillo or Río Saladillo) is a river in Argentina.	Carcarañá River	Argentina
country	Kwansei Gakuin Institute of Business and Accounting (KGIBA) is one of the professional schools of Kwansei Gakuin University, and one of the Japan's leading management schools.	Institute of Business and Accounting	Japan
country	The Dinkelberg lies mainly in the county of Lörrach, but its eastern part in the area of the Wehra valley belongs to the county of Waldshut (both in Germany) and a smaller element in the west is part of the canton of Basel-Stadt in Switzerland.	Dinkelberg	Switzerland
country	Zaruiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: زاروييه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zārū’īyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Zārū’īyeh and Zārū’īyeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zaruiyeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Helmas (also known as Helmës) is a village and a former municipality situated in the central plains of Albania's Western Lowlands region.	Helmas	Albania
country	With Switzerland signing the Bologna declaration leading to a comprehensive reform of structures; the Swiss University Conference is in charge of leading out the legal doctrine for the introduction of the Bologna Reform at the universities.	Swiss University Conference	Switzerland
country	The Whangamarino River is a lowland river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island, draining the Whangamarino Wetland and associated farmland catchment.	Whangamarino River	New Zealand
country	Barai Ghar (Pashto: بری غر ‎) are a group of mountains in the southeast of Zabul province, Afghanistan - 200 km (124 mi) northeast of Kandahar.	Barai Ghar	Afghanistan
country	Atarib District (Arabic: منطقة الأتارب‎, translit. manṭiqat al-Atārib) is a district of Aleppo Governorate in northern Syria.	Atarib District	Syria
country	Great Santa Cruz Island is a small inhabited island in Zamboanga City in the southern region of the Philippines that is famous for its pink coralline sand.	Great Santa Cruz Island	Philippines
country	Botkuny (bɔtˈkunɨ) (German: Bodenhausen; until 1938: Buttkuhnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Botkuny	Poland
country	Omata is a locality in Taranaki, in the western North Island of New Zealand.	Omata	New Zealand
country	Králův Dvůr (pronounced (ˈkraːluːf dvuːr), German: Königshof) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Králův Dvůr	Czech Republic
country	German submarine U-519 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down on 23 June 1941 at the Deutsche Werft yard in Hamburg as yard number 334, launched on 12 February 1942 and commissioned on 7 May 1942 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Günter Eppen.	German submarine U-519	Germany
country	Lokanja Vas (pronounced (lɔˈkaːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Lokanja vas) is a small village in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Lokanja Vas	Slovenia
country	Warrnambool railway station is the terminus of the Port Fairy line in Victoria, Australia.	Warrnambool railway station	Australia
country	Lac des Toules is a reservoir in Valais, Switzerland, at Bourg-Saint-Pierre.	Lac des Toules	Switzerland
country	Eskilstuna (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈɛskɪlsˈtʉːna)) is a city and the seat of Eskilstuna Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden.	Eskilstuna	Sweden
country	Meysembourg Castle (French: Château de Meysembourg) is located some 2 km south-west of Larochette in central Luxembourg.	Meysembourg Castle	Luxembourg
country	Lukomir is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina situated in the municipality of Konjic.	Lukomir	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Basut-e Bala (Persian: بسوت بالا‎, also Romanized as Basūt-e Bālā and Besūt-e Bālā; also known as Basot, Bāst, Basūt, and Besūt) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Basut-e Bala	Iran
country	Artashat City Stadium (Armenian: Արտաշատի քաաղաքային մարզադաշտ) is a multipurpose stadium in Artashat, Armenia, mostly used for football games and local events of Athletics.	Artashat City Stadium	Armenia
country	Kvitfjell (Norwegian: White mountain) is a ski resort in Norway, located in the municipality of Ringebu.	Kvitfjell	Norway
country	Gashanle (Somali: Gaashaanle) is a town in the Middle Shabelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) region of Somalia.	Gashanle	Somalia
country	Kahn-e Ali Mohammad (Persian: كهن علي محمد‎, also Romanized as Kahn-e ʿAlī Moḩammad) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kahn-e Ali Mohammad	Iran
country	Referred to in ancient and medieval times as Bilad al Barbar (``Land of the Berbers''), the Horn of Africa denotes the region containing the countries of Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, and Somalia.	Horn of Africa	Djibouti	Eritrea	Ethiopia	Somalia
country	Imphal is located at 24.82°N 93.95°E in extreme eastern India, with an average elevation of 786 metres (2,579 ft).	Imphal	India
country	Shahriston (Tajik: Шаҳристон; Persian: شهرستان‎) is a town and jamoat in north-west Tajikistan.	Shahriston	Tajikistan
country	Reyhal (Persian: ريحال‎, also Romanized as Reyḥāl) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Reyhal	Iran
country	Kálvin tér (English: Calvin Square) is a major square and intersection in the city center of Budapest, the capital of Hungary.	Kálvin tér	Hungary
country	The Cathedral Caves are one of the thirty longest sea caves in the world, located on Waipati Beach, 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of Papatowai, on the Catlins Coast in the southeast corner of the South Island, New Zealand.	Cathedral Caves	New Zealand
country	The Skete of Prophet Elijah (Greek: Σκήτη Προφήτη Ηλία) is a cenobitic skete of the Pantokratoros monastery in Mount Athos, Greece.	Skete of Prophet Elijah	Greece
country	The Parque Thays is a public space in Recoleta, Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Parque Thays	Argentina
country	Moscow City 2 also known as Moskva City-2, is one of the largest development projects in the Russia.	Moscow City 2	Russia
country	Lebidoti is a village in Suriname with a population of about 1,000 and two nearby villages of Bakoe and Pitean.	Lebidoti	Suriname
country	Yabrin is a settlement in Saudi Arabia 130 miles (210 km) south of Riyadh, within the Eastern Region.	Yabrin	Saudi Arabia
country	Chah-e Rasool (Persian: چاه رسول‎) is a village in Dumak Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Rasool	Iran
country	Brezovica pri Mirni (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi ˈmiːɾni)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia.	Brezovica pri Mirni	Slovenia
country	The Long Đại River (Vietnamese: Sông Long Đại) is a river in Quảng Ninh District of Quảng Bình Province, North Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Long Đại River	Vietnam
country	Omm Arqal-e Do (Persian: ام ارقال دو‎, also Romanized as Omm Ārqāl-e Do) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Omm Arqal-e Do	Iran
country	The Heart of Cape Town Museum is a museum complex in the Observatory, Cape Town suburb of Cape Town, South Africa.	Heart of Cape Town Museum	South Africa
country	Manurewa East is a suburb of Manukau City in Auckland, New Zealand, under the local governance of Manukau City Council.	Manurewa East	New Zealand
country	Koch County is an administrative division of Unity State, South Sudan, covering an area in the center of the state.	Koch County	South Sudan
country	Somaleh (Persian: سماله‎, also Romanized as Somāleh; also known as Simāleh) is a city in Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Somaleh	Iran
country	Mam Heybeh (Persian: مام هيبه‎, also Romanized as Mām Heybeh) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mam Heybeh	Iran
country	Viborg Cathedral, Our Lady Cathedral (Danish: Viborg Domkirke eller Vor Frue Domkirke) is the site of one of Denmark's most important historic churches located in the town of Viborg in northern Jutland.	Viborg Cathedral	Denmark
country	The Sagar College of Science, also known as SCS Balasore is a private college which is affiliated to the Govt. of Odisha, Odisha, India.	Sagar College of Science	India
country	Shelly Park is an eastern suburb of Auckland, in northern New Zealand.	Shelly Park	New Zealand
country	Sambava (samˈbav) is a city and commune (commune urbaine; Malagasy: kaominina) at the east coast of northern Madagascar.	Sambava	Madagascar
country	Morne Rachette or Morne Raquette is a village on the west coast of Dominica, in the northwest corner of Saint Joseph Parish.	Morne Rachette	Dominica
country	The Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise (Ukrainian: Орден князя Ярослава Мудрого) is an award of Ukraine.	Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise	Ukraine
country	The Jestřebí hory is a mountain range in the Czech Republic, in the Central Sudetes Mountains, in the Western part of Broumovská vrchovina.	Jestřebí hory	Czech Republic
country	Geographically Pondoland was a remote area, not strongly affected by the events in the rest of South Africa.	Pondoland	South Africa
country	Olevsk (Ukrainian: Олевськ, translit. Olevs’k, Yiddish: אלעווסק‎) is a city in Olevsk Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Olevsk	Ukraine
country	Malateh (Persian: مالته‎‎, also Romanized as Mālateh) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Malateh	Iran
country	Metropolitanskolen (``The Metropolitan School'') was a school in Copenhagen, Denmark founded in 1209 by the Bishop Peder Sunesen, and for centuries one of the most prestigious schools in the country.	Metropolitanskolen	Denmark
country	The Newcastle Gaol Museum is a prison museum on Clinton Street in Toodyay, Western Australia, founded in 1962.	Newcastle Gaol Museum	Australia
country	Biecz (Polish pronunciation: ('bʲɛt͡ʂ)) is a town and municipality in southeastern Poland, in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Gorlice County.	Biecz	Poland
country	Cù Mông Pass (Đèo Cù Mông) is a mountain pass between Bình Định and Phú Yên provinces in Vietnam.	Cù Mông Pass	Vietnam
country	Lake Chilwa is the second-largest lake in Malawi after Lake Malawi.	Lake Chilwa	Malawi
country	Agalpur (Raj) (Oriya: ଆଗଲପୁର(ରାଜ)) is a village and Block in Balangir district in the state of Odisha, India.	Agalpur	India
country	Streževo (Macedonian: Стрежево) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia	Streževo	Macedonia
country	Spodnji Otok (pronounced (ˈspoːdnji ˈɔːtɔk)) is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnji Otok	Slovenia
country	Fundulea is an agricultural town in the Călăraşi County, Romania.	Fundulea	Romania
country	Karim Khan Zand Boulevard is a boulevard in central Shiraz, Iran connecting Valiasr Square to Namazi Square.	Zand Boulevard	Iran
country	Sydney Entertainment Centre (later known as Qantas Credit Union Arena) was a multi-purpose arena located in Haymarket, Sydney, Australia.	Sydney Entertainment Centre	Australia
country	Drakenstein Correctional Centre (formerly Victor Verster Prison) is a low-security prison between Paarl and Franschhoek, on the R301 road 5 km from the R45 Huguenot Road, in the valley of the Dwars River in the Western Cape of South Africa.	Drakenstein Correctional Centre	South Africa
country	Tipchenitsa (Bulgarian: Типченица) is a village located in Mezdra Municipality, Part of Bulgaria's Vratsa Province.	Tipchenitsa	Bulgaria
country	The South-Moravian Carpathians (Czech: Jihomoravské Karpaty), also called Austrian - South-Moravian Carpathians (German: Österreichisch-Südmährische Karpaten) are a mountain range of the Outer Western Carpathians along the border of the Czech Republic and Austria.	South-Moravian Carpathians	Czech Republic
country	Dila Zuria (Greater Dila) is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Dila Zuria	Ethiopia
country	Kailashahar Airport (IATA: IXH, ICAO: VEKR) was an airport located at Kailashahar in the state of Tripura, India.	Kailashahar Airport	India
country	Saksahanskyi District (Ukrainian: Саксаганський район) is an urban district of Kryvyi Rih City, southeastern-central Ukraine.	Saksahanskyi District	Ukraine
country	The Paraitinga River (upper Tietê River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.	Paraitinga River (upper Tietê River)	Brazil
country	Kistrand Church (Norwegian: Kistrand kirke) is a parish church in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kistrand Church	Norway
country	The Vancouver Fringe Festival is an annual alternative theatre festival held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada established in 1985.	Vancouver Fringe Festival	Canada
country	The Broadcasting Act 1942 was an Act of the Parliament of Australia, passed in the first ministry of the 14th Prime Minister of Australia John Curtin.	Broadcasting Act 1942	Australia
country	The Calahorra Tower (Spanish: Torre de la Calahorra) is a fortified gate in the Historic centre of Córdoba, Spain, of Islamic origin.	Calahorra Tower	Spain
country	Pshatavan (Armenian: Փշատավան); formerly, Igdalu and Igdali) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Pshatavan	Armenia
country	Arico is the name of a municipality and a village in the southeastern part of the island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands, Spain.	Arico	Spain
country	Zeberio (Spanish: Ceberio) is a municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Zeberio	Spain
country	Barsebäck Castle (Swedish: Barsebäck slott) is a castle in the village of Barsebäck, Kävlinge Municipality, close to the shore of Öresund in Scania, southern Sweden.	Barsebäck Castle	Sweden
country	Malomirovo (Bulgarian: Маломирово) is a village in the Yambol Province, south-eastern Bulgaria.	Malomirovo	Bulgaria
country	The Da Vinci Research Park is a science park located on a former airfield in Haren-Evere nearby Brussels Airport in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium and it is being managed by the Brussels Regional Investment Company.	Da Vinci Research Park	Belgium
country	Wakari (/ˈwɒkəriː/ WOK-ə-ree or local /waɪˈkæriː/ wy-KARR-ee) is a residential suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin.	Wakari	New Zealand
country	Přerovská hůra (also Bělice or Bílá hůrka - Přerov hill, White hill) is a hill in the central part of Labe lowlands, in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Přerovská hůra	Czech Republic
country	Were Ilu (Amharic: ወረ ኃይሉ?; Oromo: Warra Illu) is a town in north-central Ethiopia.	Were Ilu	Ethiopia
country	A Trinitarian steeple is a 3-point steeple typical of the province of Soule of Basque Country in France.	Trinitarian steeple	France
country	Ballymore Castle in Lawrencetown, County Galway, Ireland was originally a Madden tower house of the 15th century.	Ballymore Castle	Ireland
country	The Stubai Valley Railway (German: Stubaitalbahn) is an 18.2 km (11.31 mi) long narrow gauge interurban tram from Innsbruck to Fulpmes in Tyrol, Austria.	Stubai Valley Railway	Austria
country	Kuhurluy (Ukrainian: озеро Кугурлуй) is a lake in the south-western Ukraine, in the south of Bessarabia.	Kuhurluy	Ukraine
country	La Acebeda (Spanish pronunciation: (la aθeˈβeða)) is municipality of the autonomous community of the Community of Madrid in central Spain.	La Acebeda	Spain
country	Al Maktoum International Airport (IATA: DWC, ICAO: OMDW) is an international airport in Jebel Ali, 37 kilometres (23 mi) southwest of Dubai, United Arab Emirates that opened on 27 June 2010.	Al Maktoum International Airport	United Arab Emirates
country	Hoseynabad-e Panahi (Persian: حسين ابادپناهي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Panāhī; also known as Ākhreh) is a village in Eram Rural District, Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Panahi	Iran
country	Skånemejerier, based in Skåne County, is a Swedish cooperative and Sweden's largest producers of dairy products after Arla Foods and Milko.	Skånemejerier	Sweden
country	As a result, Bangladesh and India have had many debates about how the Farakka Barrage cuts off Bangladesh's water supply and how to share the water.	Farakka Barrage	India
country	The Hébertists were ardent supporters of the dechristianization of France and of extreme measures in service of the Terror, including the Law of Suspects enacted in 1793.	Hébertists	France
country	Yechila (also Yechilay or Chilay) is a town in northern Ethiopia.	Yechila	Ethiopia
country	Sulluqucha (Quechua sullu fetus / lock made of wood which is used by the indigenous people, qucha lake, hispanicized spelling Sulluscocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cajamarca Region, Cajamarca Province, Llacanora District.	Sulluqucha	Peru
country	Øregård Museum is an art museum located in Hellerup in the northern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Øregård Museum	Denmark
country	Achterveld is a village in the central Netherlands.	Achterveld	Netherlands
country	Rákoskeresztúr (German: Gerersdorf) is a former town in Hungary now part of District XVII of Budapest.	Rákoskeresztúr	Hungary
country	The German School of Milan (German Deutsche Schule Mailand, Italian Scuola Germanica di Milano, DSM), founded in 1886, is an international institution located in Milan, Italy.	German School of Milan	Italy
country	Şirince (pronounced (ʃiˈrindʒe)) is a village of 600 inhabitants in İzmir Province, Turkey, located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of the town Selçuk.	Şirince	Turkey
country	The Idroscalo is an artificial lake in Milan, Italy that was originally constructed as a seaplane airport.	Idroscalo	Italy
country	Nahariya (Hebrew: נַהֲרִיָּה) is the northernmost coastal city in Israel, with an estimated population of 53,900.	Nahariya	Israel
country	Monte Beigua (also in Ligurian: Monte Peigoa) is a mountain in the Ligurian Apennines in Liguria, northern Italy, between the two communes of Varazze and Sassello.	Monte Beigua	Italy
country	Horná Seč (Hungarian: Felsőszecse) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Horná Seč	Slovakia
country	Mazraeh-ye Vahdat (Persian: مزرعه وحدت‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Vaḥdat) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 116, in 31 families.	Mazraeh-ye Vahdat	Iran
country	Marselisborg Gymnasium is a school of secondary education in Aarhus, Denmark.	Marselisborg Gymnasium	Denmark
country	Mont Joly (2,525 m) is a mountain in the Beaufortain Massif in Haute-Savoie, France.	Mont Joly	France
country	Ban Khok (Thai: ?) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ban Khok District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Ban Khok	Thailand
country	Clares is a small village in the province of Guadalajara, integrated since 1969 in the town of Maranchón, belonging to the region of de Molina-Alto Tajo in the autonomous community of Castilla - La Mancha (Spain).	Clares	Spain
country	The Nova Scotia peninsula is part of the province of Nova Scotia, Canada and is connected to the neighbouring province of New Brunswick through the Isthmus of Chignecto.	Nova Scotia peninsula	Canada
country	Mamadysh (Russian: Мамады́ш; Tatar Cyrillic: Мамадыш, Latin: Mamadış) is a town and the administrative center of Mamadyshsky District in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the right bank of the Vyatka River (Kama's tributary), 167 kilometers (104 mi) east of Kazan.	Mamadysh	Russia
country	At 1,324 metres (4,344 ft), Mount Tomanivi is the highest mountain in Fiji.	Mount Tomanivi	Fiji
country	Sulqan Rural District (Persian: دهستان سولقان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kan District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Sulqan Rural District	Iran
country	Labastida/Bastida (Basque: Bastida; Spanish: Labastida) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Labastida/Bastida	Spain
country	Villa Argentina is a resort (balneario) of the Costa de Oro in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	Villa Argentina	Uruguay
country	Gərmətük (also, Germatuk and Germatyuk) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gərmətük	Azerbaijan
country	The name Carpathian Ruthenia is sometimes used for a contiguous cross-border area of Ukraine, Slovakia and Poland occupied by members of the Rusyn minority.	Carpathian Ruthenia	Slovakia
country	Khaleh Saray-e Panjah va Noh (Persian: خاله سراي پنجاه ونه‎, also Romanized as Khāleh Sarāy-e Panjāh va Noh; also known as Khālehsarā-ye Panjāhonoh) is a village in Khaleh Sara Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khaleh Saray-e Panjah va Noh	Iran
country	Bad Wörishofen (German pronunciation: (ˈvøːʁɪsˌhoːfə̆n)) is a spa town in the district Unterallgäu, Bavaria, Germany, known for the water-cure (hydrotherapy) developed by Sebastian Kneipp (* 1821, † 1897), a Catholic priest, who lived there for 42 years.	Bad Wörishofen	Germany
country	The Unilever Research & Development Port Sunlight Laboratory is the multinational consumer goods company Unilever's main research and development facility in the United Kingdom.	Unilever Research & Development Port Sunlight Laboratory	United Kingdom
country	Nizami Street (Azerbaijani: Nizami küçəsi) is a large pedestrian and shopping street in downtown Baku, Azerbaijan, named after famed classical poet Nizami Ganjavi.	Nizami Street	Azerbaijan
country	Sintra (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsĩtɾɐ)) is a town and a municipality in the Grande Lisboa subregion (Lisbon Region) of Portugal.	Sintra	Portugal
country	Kambreško (pronounced (kamˈbɾeːʃkɔ)) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia, next to the border with Italy.	Kambreško	Slovenia
country	Arunagirinagar (Tamil: அருணகிரிநகர்) is a village administrative division in Trincomalee Town and Gravets in Trincomalee, Sri Lanka.	Arunagirinagar	Sri Lanka
country	Legnava is a village and municipality in the Stará Ľubovňa District, Prešov Region in northern Slovakia.	Legnava	Slovakia
country	Zagheh (Persian: زاغه‎, also Romanized as Zāgheh) is a city in and capital of Zagheh District, in Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zagheh	Iran
country	The Sydney Live Steam Locomotive Society Co-op Ltd. (SLSLS) was formed in 1948 and built a miniature railway along a drainage channel behind houses on Anthony Road, West Ryde, Sydney, Australia.	Sydney Live Steam Locomotive Society	Australia
country	Goldasht Jamalyan (Persian: گلدشت جماليان‎, also Romanized as Goldasht Jamālyān) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Goldasht Jamalyan	Iran
country	Isla Calero (English: Calero Island) is a Costa Rican island, the biggest island in Costa Rica, and the biggest along the San Juan River, which marks the border between Nicaragua and Costa Rica.	Isla Calero	Costa Rica
country	The Quiquibey River is a river in the Pilón Lajas Biosphere Reserve and Communal Lands in the north of Bolivia.	Quiquibey River	Bolivia
country	Tun Sakaran Marine Park, also known as Semporna Islands Park, is a marine park located off the east coast of the state of Sabah in Malaysia, on the island of Borneo.	Tun Sakaran Marine Park	Malaysia
country	Mazraeh-ye Kishan (Persian: مزرعه كيشان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kīshān; also known as Mazra``eh) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 130, in 45 families.	Mazraeh-ye Kishan	Iran
country	Bongor is a city in Chad, the capital of the region of Mayo-Kebbi Est. It is located on the eastern bank of the Logone River.	Bongor	Chad
country	The Seville Theatre was a movie theatre on Sainte-Catherine Street West between Lambert-Closse and Chomedey streets in Montreal, Canada, in a district now known as Shaughnessy Village.	Seville Theatre	Canada
country	Rombark (ˈrɔmbark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rombark	Poland
country	As per 2011 Census of India Manikchak CD Block had a total population of 269,813 all of which were rural.	Manikchak	India
country	The Gyeongju Folk Craft Village is a village at the foothills of Toman mountain, in the neighborhood of Ha-dong, Gyeongju, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Gyeongju Folk Craft Village	South Korea
country	The Rača monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Рача) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery 7 km south of Bajina Bašta, Serbia.	Rača monastery	Serbia
country	The Canton of Saint-Joseph is a canton in the Arrondissement of Fort-de-France on Martinique.	Canton of Saint-Joseph	France
country	Roče (pronounced (ˈɾoːtʃɛ)) is a dispersed settlement on the right bank of the Idrijca River in the municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Roče	Slovenia
country	Le Quartier Français is a restaurant and hotel in Franschhoek, South Africa near Stellenbosch.	Le Quartier Français	South Africa
country	Logan Lake is a district municipality in the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Logan Lake	Canada
country	Combining its four brands, Uniprix is the second-largest pharmacy chain in Quebec (after Jean Coutu) and is mutually exclusive with the Pharmasave chain in English Canada.	Uniprix	Canada
country	Khairpur Taluka (Sindhi: خيرپور‎) is an administrative subdivision of Khairpur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, it is administratively subdivided into 24 Union Councils one of which form the capital, Khairpur.	Khairpur Taluka	Pakistan
country	Fort Canning (Malay: Bukit Larangan, Tamil: Pokamutiyatha Arasarin Malai ) is a small hill slightly more than 60 metres high in the southeast portion of the island city-state of Singapore, within the Central Area that forms Singapore's central business district.	Fort Canning	Singapore
country	Saint-Bonnet-de-Bellac (Occitan: Sent Bonèt (de Belac)) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saint-Bonnet-de-Bellac	France
country	Tisheh Kan (Persian: تيشه كن‎, also Romanized as Tīsheh Kan) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tisheh Kan	Iran
country	Ebla (Arabic: إبلا‎, modern: تل مرديخ, Tell Mardikh), was one of the earliest kingdoms in Syria.	Ebla	Syria
country	Uigorlersuaq Island (old spelling: Uigordlerssuaq) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Uigorlersuaq Island	Greenland
country	Farsho is a village in the district of Bharatpur, Rajasthan in western India.	Farsho	India
country	Żebrki (ˈʐɛbrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Żebrki	Poland
country	Vilcashuamán (Quechua: Willkawaman, ``sacred hawk'') is the capital of Vilcas Huamán Province, Peru.	Vilcashuamán	Peru
country	The Beach of Durrës (Albanian: Plazhi i Durrësit) is the biggest and most visited beach in Albania.	Beach of Durrës	Albania
country	Jiquipilco Municipality is one of the municipalities of the State of Mexico in Mexico.	Jiquipilco	Mexico
country	Porrogszentkirály (Slovene: Porog ) is a village in Somogy county, Hungary where the Somogy Slovenes still lives.	Porrogszentkirály	Hungary
country	Yosu National University was a government-run university in Yeosu City, on the coast of South Jeolla province, South Korea.	Yosu National University	South Korea
country	Coronation Gulf lies between Victoria Island and mainland Nunavut in Canada.	Coronation Gulf	Canada
country	Polje pri Višnji Gori (pronounced (ˈpoːljɛ pɾi ˈʋiːʃnji ˈɡɔːɾi); German: Feld) is a settlement southeast of Višnja Gora in the historical Lower Carniola region in central Slovenia.	Polje pri Višnji Gori	Slovenia
country	Bakhtegan (Persian: بختگان‎, also Romanized as Bakhtegān; also known as Bakhtegān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Mongasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,107, in 185 families.	Bakhtegan	Iran
country	Pinawa was re-established about 10 km from the original Hydro town in 1963 when Atomic Energy of Canada Limited built the Whiteshell Laboratories nuclear research facility in the area.	Pinawa	Canada
country	Hatlerdorf is the second precinct of the City of Dornbirn (Vorarlberg, Austria).	Hatlerdorf	Austria
country	Pilgrimage Valley is a small Mennonite settlement in Cayo District, Belize, some 5 km east of San Ignacio.	Pilgrimage Valley	Belize
country	Sistak-e Olya (Persian: سيستكعليا‎, also Romanized as Sīstak-e ``Olyā) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 234, in 49 families.	Sistak-e Olya	Iran
country	Jadranovo is a small coastal town in the northern coast of Croatia.	Jadranovo	Croatia
country	Gryzy (ˈɡrɨzɨ) (German: Griesen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gryzy	Poland
country	Rai Coast District is a district in the southeast of Madang Province in Papua New Guinea.	Rai Coast District	Papua New Guinea
country	Shirk-e Sorjeh (Persian: شيرك سرجه‎, also Romanized as Shīrk-e Sorjeh; also known as Shīrk, Shīrag, Shīrg, and Shīrk-e Sājī) is a large village in Zohan Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shirk-e Sorjeh	Iran
country	Rørvika (Lule Sami: Ráluokta) is a village in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county, Norway.	Rørvika	Norway
country	The Queen Victoria Market (also known as the Queen Vic Markets or the Queen Vic, and locally as '``Vic Market''') is a major landmark in Melbourne, Australia, and at around seven hectares (17 acres) is the largest open air market in the Southern Hemisphere.	Queen Victoria Market	Australia
country	Artibonite Valley is a valley predominantly in Haiti, on the island of Hispaniola.	Artibonite Valley	Haiti
country	Trebče (pronounced (ˈtɾeːptʃɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bistrica ob Sotli in eastern Slovenia.	Trebče	Slovenia
country	The Fortress of Miolans (French: Château de Miolans) is a former fortress prison located in a remote area of Savoy between Italy and France.	Fortress of Miolans	France
country	The Bern Historical Museum (Bernisches Historisches Museum, Musée d’Histoire de Berne ) is the second largest historical museum in Switzerland.	Bern Historical Museum	Switzerland
country	Yahoo7 replaced Yahoo! Australia and New Zealand which had been in operation since 1997, taking on the majority of SWM's online operations in the process.	Yahoo7	Australia
country	Trong Gewog (Dzongkha: ཀྲོང་) is a gewog (village block) of Zhemgang District, Bhutan.	Trong Gewog	Bhutan
country	Serebryanye Prudy (Russian: Сере́бряные Пруды́, lit. Silver Ponds) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Serebryano-Prudsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Osyotr River.	Serebryanye Prudy	Russia
country	Frenaros (Greek: Φρέναρος; locally (ˈfrenːaɾos)) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus.	Frenaros	Cyprus
country	Masiak (ˈmaɕak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Masiak	Poland
country	Trawno (ˈtravnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Trawno	Poland
country	Bbaale is a town in the Kayunga District in Uganda.	Bbaale	Uganda
country	Pleugriffet (Breton: Ploueg-Grifed) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Pleugriffet	France
country	The Igelsta Bridge or Igelstabron (Swedish) is a railway bridge in Södertälje, Stockholm County in Sweden.	Igelsta Bridge	Sweden
country	Charchakis (Armenian: Ճարճակիս); is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Charchakis	Armenia
country	The British invasions of the River Plate were a series of unsuccessful British attempts to seize control of the Spanish colonies located around the Platine Basin in South America (today part of Argentina and Uruguay).	British invasions of the River Plate	Argentina
country	Kabeala (sometimes Kabela, Kabeàla or Kabiala; which means ``Parang'' or ``Golok'' in East Sumba language) is a traditional weapon originating from East Sumba, Indonesia.	Kabeala	Indonesia
country	Formia-Gaeta railway station (Italian: Stazione di Formia-Gaeta), previously named Formia railway station (Italian: Stazione di Formia), serves the cities and comunes of Formia and Gaeta, in the region of Lazio, central Italy.	Formia-Gaeta railway station	Italy
country	Jirestan Rural District (Persian: دهستان جيرستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jirestan Rural District	Iran
country	Borșa (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈborʃa); Hungarian: Borsa, German: Borscha, Yiddish: בורשא Borsha) is a town in eastern Maramureş County, northern Romania, in the valley of the Vişeu River and near the Prislop Pass.	Borșa	Romania
country	Native Point (Inuktitut: Tunirmiut or Tuneriut) is a peninsula in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Native Point	Canada
country	Samarra Barrage (Arabic: سد سامَرّاء‎) and Tharthar Barrage (Arabic: سد الثَرثار‎) is a multi-purpose barrage on the Tigris River adjacent (west) of Samarra and north of Baghdad, Iraq.	Samarra Barrage	Iraq
country	Hot Water Beach is a beach on Mercury Bay on the east coast of the Coromandel Peninsula, New Zealand, approximately 12 kilometres south east of Whitianga, and approximately 175 kilometres from Auckland by car.	Hot Water Beach	New Zealand
country	Lake Bled (Slovene: Blejsko jezero; German: Bleder See, Veldeser See) is a lake in the Julian Alps of the Upper Carniolan region of northwestern Slovenia, where it adjoins the town of Bled.	Lake Bled	Slovenia
country	Hajjiabad-e Shanrash (Persian: حاجي ابادشانرش‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Shānrash; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Shanrash	Iran
country	Savimeh (Persian: سويمه‎, also Romanized as Savīmeh) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Savimeh	Iran
country	The University of Minho (Universidade do Minho) is a public university in Portugal, divided in the following spaces:	University of Minho	Portugal
country	Skånevikfjorden is a fjord in Norway.	Skånevikfjorden	Norway
country	Barðastrandarsýsla was a county in northwestern Iceland in the Westfjords (West Fjords) region.	Barðastrandarsýsla	Iceland
country	Mumbai Women's International Film Festival (MWIFF) is an annual film festival in Mumbai, India featuring films made by women directors and women techniciansand is one of the significant film festivals in Asia.	Mumbai Women's International Film Festival	India
country	The 2000 UEFA Cup Final was a football match that took place on 17 May 2000 at Parken Stadium in Copenhagen, Denmark to decide the winner of the 1999--2000 UEFA Cup.	2000 UEFA Cup Final	Denmark
country	Birjand University of Medical Sciences (BUMS) is a medical school in Iran.	Birjand University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	Faleloa is a settlement in Foa island, Tonga.	Faleloa	Tonga
country	Bałamątek (bawaˈmɔntɛk) (German Alte Mühle) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bałamątek	Poland
country	Cap de Formentor is a spectacular place,located on the northernmost point of the Balaeric Island Majorca in Spain.	Cap de Formentor	Spain
country	Klonowa Wola (klɔˈnɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Klonowa Wola	Poland
country	Ravnkilde is a small countryside town in Denmark with a population of 361 (1 January 2014), located in Rebild Municipality, North Jutland Region.	Ravnkilde	Denmark
country	The Fort de Bertheaume is a fort in Plougonvelin, in the Department of Finistère, France.	Fort de Bertheaume	France
country	The Queen Maud Gulf Migratory Bird Sanctuary is Canada's largest federally owned protected area, encompassing some 61,765 km2 (23,848 sq mi) of the Arctic Circle coastline.	Queen Maud Gulf Migratory Bird Sanctuary	Canada
country	Acharavi (Greek: Αχαράβη) is a settlement in the northern coast of Corfu, Greece.	Acharavi	Greece
country	Sheylanli (Azerbaijani: Şeylanlı; Russian: Шейланлы, Шейлани, or Шейланы) is a former Kurdish village in Lachin district of Azerbaijan .	Sheylanli	Azerbaijan
country	Betonovo (pronounced (bɛˈtoːnɔʋɔ)) is a settlement in the hills west of Sodražica in southern Slovenia.	Betonovo	Slovenia
country	Xilxes (Valencian) or Chilches (Spanish) is a municipality located in the province of Castellón, Valencian Community, Spain.	Xilxes	Spain
country	The Brocken Pond (German: Brockenteich) is the name of a waterbody that was created in 1744 in the County of Wernigerode below the summit of the Brocken, the highest mountain in the Harz mountains of Germany.	Brocken Pond	Germany
country	Karlskoga Motorstadion, also known as Gelleråsen is the oldest permanent motorsport race track in Sweden.	Karlskoga Motorstadion	Sweden
country	Stojići (Serbian: Стојићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stojići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bruška is a village located in inland Dalmatia, Croatia, northeast of Benkovac.	Bruška	Croatia
country	Dębsko-Ostoja (ˈdɛmpskɔ ɔsˈtɔja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dębsko-Ostoja	Poland
country	The Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra (Gewandhausorchester; also previously known in German as the Gewandhausorchester Leipzig) is a German symphony orchestra based in Leipzig, Germany.	Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra	Germany
country	Kungälv is a city and the seat of Kungälv Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Kungälv	Sweden
country	Qeri Janlu (Persian: قريجانلو‎, also Romanized as Qerī Jānlū; also known as Qerī Jānlū’ī, Qarah Khānlū, Qareh Kānlū, and Qarīkhānlū) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qeri Janlu	Iran
country	The San José Mine (Spanish: Mina San José) is a small copper-gold mine located near Copiapó, Atacama Region, Chile.	San José Mine	Chile
country	Trongsa Dzong is the largest dzong fortress in Bhutan, located in Trongsa (formerly Tongsa) in Trongsa district, in the centre of the country.	Trongsa Dzong	Bhutan
country	Harras of Dhamar is a volcanic field in Yemen.	Harras of Dhamar	Yemen
country	Har HaAri (Hebrew: הר האר``י, Mount Ari, or Lion Mountain; Arabic: جبل حيدر, Mount Hedar) is a mountain in the Upper Galilee in northern Israel.	Har HaAri	Israel
country	The Rotorua Caldera is one of several large volcanoes located in the Taupo Volcanic Zone on the North Island of New Zealand.	Rotorua Caldera	New Zealand
country	Soestdijk (Dutch pronunciation: (suzˈdɛik)) was a village in the municipality of Soest, Utrecht, Netherlands and gives its name to Paleis Soestdijk, which from 1937 to 2004 was the residence of Princess and later Queen Juliana and Prince Bernhard (who both died in 2004).	Soestdijk	Netherlands
country	Nadróż (ˈnadruʂ) (German: Lichtenacker) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nadróż	Poland
country	Barranqueras is a city in the southeast of the province of Chaco, Argentina, on a small tributary river on the right-hand-side (western) shore of the Paraná River, only 7 km from the provincial capital Resistencia and within its metropolitan area.	Barranqueras	Argentina
country	Puig de Randa is a mountain in the island of Majorca, Balearic Islands, Spain.	Puig de Randa	Spain
country	Tikkurila Upper Secondary (Finnish: Tikkurilan lukio), abbreviated in Finnish as TILU, is the largest high school in Finland, with about 1200 students from years 10 to 12.	Tikkurila Upper Secondary	Finland
country	Taboga District (Spanish pronunciation: (taˈβoɣa)) is a district (distrito) of Panamá Province in Panama.	Taboga District	Panama
country	Lemoniz Nuclear Power Plant is an unfinished nuclear power plant in Lemoniz, Spain.	Lemoniz Nuclear Power Plant	Spain
country	Bandareh (Persian: بندره‎; also known as Beyn Darreh) is a village in Shamshir Rural District, in the Central District of Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bandareh	Iran
country	The Praid mine is a large salt mine located in central Romania in Harghita County, close to Praid.	Praid mine	Romania
country	The Williams Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located on the southwestern end of Denny Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Williams Range	Canada
country	Mietniów (ˈmjɛtɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Mietniów	Poland
country	Kauhava Airfield (IATA: KAU, ICAO: EFKA; Finnish: Kauhavan lentokenttä) is an airfield located in Kauhava, Finland, 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kauhava town centre.	Kauhava Airfield	Finland
country	Moera is a suburb of the city of Lower Hutt in New Zealand and urban district of the city of Wellington.	Moera	New Zealand
country	Kololi is a resort town on the shore of the Atlantic Ocean in Gambia.	Kololi	Gambia
country	Taja Berwala is a town of Bhawana Tehsil in the Chiniot District of Punjab province, Pakistan.	Taja Berwala	Pakistan
country	The Utopolis Kirchberg is a multiplex cinema in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg, owned and operated by the Utopia Group.	Utopolis Kirchberg	Luxembourg
country	Assos-Lechaio (Greek: Άσσος-Λέχαιο) is a former municipality in Corinthia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Assos-Lechaio	Greece
country	Ksar Ouled Soltane (Arabic: قصر أولاد سلطان ‎) is a fortified granary, or ksar, located in the Tataouine district in southern Tunisia.	Ksar Ouled Soltane	Tunisia
country	Serra de la Llena, also known as Serra la Llena, is a mountain chain straddling the municipal terms of Vilanova de Prades (Conca de Barberà comarca), La Pobla de Cérvoles (Garrigues) and Ulldemolins (Priorat), in Catalonia, Spain.	Serra de la Llena	Spain
country	A2 Ethniki Women's Basketball is the 2nd-tier of championship of women's basketball in Greece.	A2 Ethniki Women's Basketball	Greece
country	Urumaco is a town in the state of Falcón in Venezuela.	Urumaco	Venezuela
country	Skiptvet Church is a medieval stone church dedicated to the Virgin Mary in Skiptvet in Østfold County, Norway.	Skiptvet Church	Norway
country	In the 2011 Census, Statistics Canada originally reported that Leduc County had a population of 13,541 living in 4,963 of its 5,494 total dwellings, a 3.1% change from its 2006 adjusted population of 13,135.	Leduc County	Canada
country	Motala Municipality (Motala kommun) is a municipality in Östergötland County in southeast Sweden.	Motala Municipality	Sweden
country	Ugljevik (Serbian Cyrillic: Угљевик) is a municipality and town in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ugljevik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ćwikły-Rupie (ˈt͡ɕfikwɨ ˈrupjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ćwikły-Rupie	Poland
country	Mohreh (Persian: مهره‎) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mohreh	Iran
country	The Gdański Bridge (Polish: Most Gdański) is a six-span steel truss bridge 406.5 m long and 17 m wide, across the Vistula in Warsaw, Poland.	Gdański Bridge	Poland
country	Karameh Border Crossing (Arabic: مركز حدود الكرامة) is the only border crossing between Jordan and Iraq.	Karameh Border Crossing	Jordan	Iraq
country	Sikalongo is a rural community in the Southern Province of Zambia.	Sikalongo	Zambia
country	The Chimehuin River is a river in the northwest of the Patagonic Province of Neuquén, Argentina.	Chimehuin River	Argentina
country	Rudolstadt hosts Germany's biggest folk, roots, and world music festival, TFF Rudolstadt (Tanz&FolkFest), taking place annually on the first full July weekend.	Rudolstadt	Germany
country	Donji Adrovac (Serbian: Доњи Адровац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia.	Donji Adrovac	Serbia
country	Nové Město pod Smrkem (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnovɛː ˈmɲɛsto ˈpotsmr̩kɛm); German: Neustadt an der Tafelfichte) is a small town in the Czech Republic, four kilometers from the border with Poland.	Nové Město pod Smrkem	Czech Republic
country	The Maritime Museum of the Atlantic is a member institution of the Nova Scotia Museum and is the oldest and largest maritime museum in Canada with a collection of over 30,000 artifacts including 70 small craft and a steamship: the CSS Acadia, a 180-foot steam-powered hydrographic survey ship launched in 1913.	Maritime Museum of the Atlantic	Canada
country	Institut Saint-André is a private French speaking mixed Catholic school situated on Chaussée de Boendael in Ixelles, Brussels, Belgium.	Institut Saint-André	Belgium
country	The Chennai Suburban Railway is a commuter rail system in the city of Chennai (Madras), Tamil Nadu, India operated by the Southern Railway, one of the operating railway zones of Indian Railways.	Chennai Suburban Railway	India
country	Kea Farm,at an altitude of 1610 meters above sea level (5282 feet), is the highest located village in the Cameron Highlands and also peninsular Malaysia,and it is one of the most famous tourist spots in Cameron Highlands.	Kea Farm	Malaysia
country	Pelelu Tepu is a small Amerindian village in the interior of Suriname.	Pelelu Tepu	Suriname
country	Following the United Kingdom local elections, 2011 and subsequent by-elections, the political composition of Ribble Valley Borough Council is as follows:	Ribble Valley	United Kingdom
country	Oru na Nneude (alternately Oru na Lude) is a village in Ahiara, Imo State, Nigeria.	Oru na Nneude	Nigeria
country	Kaitorete Spit is a long finger of land which extends along the coast of Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand.	Kaitorete Spit	New Zealand
country	Tang-e Barakeh (Persian: تنگ بركه‎) is a village in Somghan Rural District, Chenar Shahijan District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Barakeh	Iran
country	Misheh Deh-e Sofla (Persian: ميشه ده سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mīsheh Deh-e Soflá; also known as Mīsheh Deh Pa'īn) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Misheh Deh-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Hasançelebi mine is a large mine in the centre of Turkey in Malatya Province 579 km south of the capital, Ankara.	Hasançelebi mine	Turkey
country	Transperth is the brand name of the public transport system servicing Perth, the state capital of Western Australia.	Transperth	Australia
country	Dynge Castle (Swedish: Dynge borgruin), also formerly known as Dyngehus, is a ruined castle in central Bohuslän, Sweden.	Dynge Castle	Sweden
country	The William Davidson Faculty of Industrial Engineering & Management at the Technion is the oldest such department in Israel.	The William Davidson Faculty of Industrial Engineering & Management	Israel
country	Budišov nad Budišovkou (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbuɟɪʃov nad ˈbuɟɪʃofkou̯)) (German: Bautsch) is a town in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Budišov nad Budišovkou	Czech Republic
country	The Calvary at Plougonven (commune at Plougonven) is located within Brittany, France.	Calvary at Plougonven	France
country	Tregurnow is a settlement in St Buryan civil parish on the Penwith peninsula in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Tregurnow	United Kingdom
country	Mahni Sial is a village and union council in Kabirwala Tehsil, Khanewal District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Mahni Sial	Pakistan
country	Munera is a town and municipality in the province of Albacete, Spain; part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha.	Munera	Spain
country	Langjökull (Icelandic for ``long glacier'') is the second largest ice cap in Iceland (953 km2), after Vatnajökull.	Langjökull	Iceland
country	Bledzew (ˈblɛd͡zɛf) (German: Blesen) is a village in Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Bledzew	Poland
country	Bhakunde is a Village Development Committee in Baglung District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of central Nepal.	Bhakunde	Nepal
country	The NSW Law Reports are the official reports of the courts of New South Wales, Australia.	NSW Law Reports	Australia
country	The Museum of Brisbane is a museum which displays exhibits relating to the history of Brisbane, Australia.	Museum of Brisbane	Australia
country	Szlasy-Złotki (ˈʂlasɨ ˈzwɔtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szlasy-Złotki	Poland
country	Kláštor pod Znievom is a village and municipality in Martin District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia, south west from Martin, near the Malá Fatra mountains.	Kláštor pod Znievom	Slovakia
country	Garhwa is a city and a municipality in, and headquarters of, Garhwa district in the state of Jharkhand, India.	Garhwa	India
country	Scandic Hotel Ariadne or Scandic Ariadne is a Scandic skyscraper hotel located at Värtahamnen in Stockholm, Sweden.	Scandic Hotel Ariadne	Sweden
country	Kaduna is the state capital of Kaduna State in north-western Nigeria, on the Kaduna River, is a trade center and a major transportation hub for the surrounding agricultural areas with its rail and road junction.	Kaduna	Nigeria
country	Aetolia-Acarnania (Greek: Αιτωλοακαρνανία, Aitoloakarnanía) is one of the regional units of Greece.	Aetolia-Acarnania	Greece
country	Ølve Church (Norwegian: Ølve kyrkje) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Ølve Church	Norway
country	Hadara (Arabic: الحضرة‎) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Hadara	Egypt
country	Coffin Bay (34°37′S 135°28′E), originally Coffin's Bay, is a town at the southern extremity of the Eyre Peninsula, a wheat growing area of South Australia.	Coffin Bay	Australia
country	Koumbi Saleh, sometimes Kumbi Saleh is the site of a ruined medieval town in south east Mauritania that may have been the capital of the Ghana Empire.	Koumbi Saleh	Mauritania
country	The Prorer Wiek is a bay on Germany's Baltic Sea coast off the bar of Schmale Heide that runs between the peninsula of Jasmund and the Granitz, the region southeast of Binz on the island of Rügen.	Prorer Wiek	Germany
country	The Wagendrift Dam is a multi-arch type dam located on the Bushman's River, upstream of Estcourt, in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.	Wagendrift Dam	South Africa
country	The Yeshua Tova Synagogue (Romanian: Sinagoga Ieşua Tova or Sinagoga Podul Mogoşoaiei) in Bucharest, Romania, is the city's oldest synagogue, serving the local Jewish community.	Yeshua Tova Synagogue	Romania
country	The Muskeg Formation is a geologic formation of Middle Devonian (Givetian) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin.	Muskeg Formation	Canada
country	Zomergem (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈzoːmərɣɛm)) is a municipality located in the Flanders and in the province of East Flanders, in Belgium.	Zomergem	Belgium
country	Chaeng Mean Chey (Khmer: ឃុំ ចែងមានជ័យ) is a khum (commune) of Banan District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Chaeng Mean Chey	Cambodia
country	Babiná (German: Frauenstuhl; Hungarian: Bábaszék) is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia	Babiná	Slovakia
country	The Latok group is a small cluster of dramatic rock peaks in the Panmah Muztagh, part of the central Karakoram mountain range in Pakistan.	Latok	Pakistan
country	The Katonga Wildlife Reserve is a wildlife reserve in western Uganda, along the banks of the Katonga River.	Katonga Wildlife Reserve	Uganda
country	Grand'Landes is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.	Grand'Landes	France
country	A major occurrence in the history of Geel is the battle of Geel (also referred to as the ``Gheel bridghead'') in September 1944, one of the heaviest and bloodiest fights during the liberation of Belgium.	Geel	Belgium
country	Jabal al-Lawz (Arabic: جبل اللوز‎) (also known as Gebel el-Lawz) is a mountain located in northwest Saudi Arabia, near the Jordan border, above the Gulf of Aqaba at 2580 metres above sea level.	Jabal al-Lawz	Saudi Arabia
country	Bilad Sayt is a mountain village in Oman.	Bilad Sayt	Oman
country	The Lisandro Formation, alternatively known as the Cerro Lisandro Formation, is a geologic formation with outcrops in the Neuquén province of Argentina.	Lisandro Formation	Argentina
country	Sahali (Arabic: ساحلي‎) (As Sahili) is a town in eastern Tunisia.	Sahali	Tunisia
country	Vår Frue Church (Norwegian: Vår Frue kirke / English: Our Lady's Church) is a Lutheran parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Vår Frue Church	Norway
country	The Montcalm Massif (French: Massif du Montcalm, Catalan: Massís del Montcalm) is a mountain massif located in the Pyrenees, at the border between France and Spain, it has an altitude of 3077 metres above sea level.	Montcalm Massif	France	Spain
country	Rój (German: Roy) is a district in the south-west of Żory, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Rój	Poland
country	Klein-Ulsda (Dutch pronunciation: (klɛin ˈʏlsdaː); English: Small Ulsda) is a hamlet near Oudeschans in the municipality of Bellingwedde in the Netherlands.	Klein-Ulsda	Netherlands
country	When in 2005 the Slovenian government of prime minister Janez Janša decided to depict the Prince's Stone on the national side of the Slovenian 2 cent coin, it caused some consternation in Austria.	Prince's Stone	Austria
country	The Syriac Orthodox Church's bishopric of Germany was founded in 1997 and has its Episcopal seat in the former Dominican monastery in Warburg.	Warburg	Germany
country	Koonibba is a locality in South Australia, west of Ceduna.	Koonibba	Australia
country	The Speaker of the Saeima (Latvian: Saeimas priekšsēdētājs, literally: Chairperson of the Saeima) is the speaker of the Parliament of Latvia, the Saeima.	Speaker of the Saeima	Latvia
country	The National Association of Democratic Professions (Spanish: Asociación Nacional de Profesionales Demócratas, ANPD) was a small temporary organization in Bolivia.	National Association of Democratic Professions	Bolivia
country	Assiros (Greek: Άσσηρος, before 1926: Γιουβέσνα - Giouvesna, Bulgarian: Гвоздово, Gvozdovo) is a village and a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Assiros	Greece
country	The Plaza de Toros de Albacete is a bullring in the town of the Albacete, in the region of Castilla-La Mancha (Spain. Popularly known as ``La Chata'', a member of the Royal Academy, José Maria de Cossio, called it ``one of the most excellent bullrings of Spain''.	Plaza de Toros de Albacete	Spain
country	La Mortella (Italian: place of myrtles) is a private garden in the island of Ischia, Italy.	La Mortella	Italy
country	Jalan Klang Lama or Old Klang Road, Federal Route is the oldest and the first major road in Klang Valley, Malaysia before the Federal Highway was built in 1965.	Jalan Klang Lama	Malaysia
country	Ičići is a small place located in Croatia in the north-east part of Istria county.	Ičići	Croatia
country	The Jardin botanique de Lyon (8 hectares), also known as the Jardin botanique du Parc de la Tête d'Or, is a municipal botanical garden located in the Parc de la Tête d'Or, Lyon, Rhône, Rhône-Alpes, France.	Jardin botanique de Lyon	France
country	State University of Makassar (Indonesian: Universitas Negeri Makassar) is a Public University in Makassar, South Sulawesi, Indonesia.	State University of Makassar	Indonesia
country	Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Oblast (Russian: Чечено-Ингушская автономная область) was an autonomous oblast of the Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, created on January 15, 1934 by merging Chechen and Ingush Autonomous Oblasts.	Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Oblast	Soviet Union
country	Galerie Birch is a Danish art gallery located on Bredgade in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Galerie Birch	Denmark
country	Macetown is an historic gold mining settlement in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand.	Macetown	New Zealand
country	The Kilmog, occasionally called Kilmog Hill and known in Māori as Kirimoko, is a hilly area approximately 20 kilometres north of Dunedin, New Zealand, on State Highway 1, to the north of Blueskin Bay and south of Karitane.	The Kilmog	New Zealand
country	Roskilde Ring was a motor racing circuit in Roskilde, Denmark.	Roskilde Ring	Denmark
country	The Berkel is a river in the Netherlands and Germany.	Berkel	Netherlands	Germany
country of citizenship	At the end of 1985 Louise Le Nay was appearing as Barbara Hill in the original run of Neighbours, when it was still screened by Australia's Seven Network.	Louise Le Nay	Australia
country of origin	Rasabali (Odia: ରସାବଳି, IAST: rasābaḷi) is a sweet dish from Odisha, India.	Rasabali	India
date of death	Dalrymple Maitland, JP (22 March 1848--25 March 1919) was an Isle of Man business leader and public official who served as a member of the House of Keys starting in 1890, and as Speaker of the House of Keys from 1909 to 1919.	Dalrymple Maitland	1919
developer	WWE All Stars is a professional wrestling video game published by THQ and developed by THQ San Diego for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 systems and Subdued Software for the PlayStation Portable, Wii, Nintendo 3DS and PlayStation 2 systems.	WWE All Stars	THQ
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Santarém was a medieval taifa kingdom in what is now Portugal which only existed from 1144 to 1145.	Taifa of Santarém	1145
dissolved or abolished	Ford-Vairogs (``Vairogs'' means ``Shield'') (earlier called ``Fenikss'') was the name of a car factory in Riga, Latvia, that produced license built Ford cars between September 1937 and 1940 when it was expropriated as the property of the Soviet government.	Ford-Vairogs	1940
dissolved or abolished	The Ebeid Cabinet was the government of Egypt which was led by Prime Minister Atef Ebeid from 5 October 1999 -- 14 July 2004.	Ebeid Cabinet	2004
dissolved or abolished	The British invasion of Manila between 1762 and 1764 was an episode in Philippine colonial history when the British Empire occupied the Spanish colonial capital of Manila and the nearby principal port of Cavite.	British invasion of Manila	1764
dissolved or abolished	Upon the partition of British India in 1947 into the two new independent dominions of India and Pakistan, the India Office was closed down.	India Office	1947
dissolved or abolished	After the Treaty of Versailles in 1919, most of West Prussia was granted to the Second Polish Republic (the Polish Corridor) or the Free City of Danzig, while small parts in the west and east of the former province remained in Weimar Germany.	West Prussia	1919
dissolved or abolished	In 1920, with the creation of Greater Berlin, Dorotheenstadt was incorporated into the newly created borough of Mitte.	Dorotheenstadt	1920
dissolved or abolished	The Ploughmen's Front ceased to exist when it dissolved itself in 1953.	Ploughmen's Front	1953
dissolved or abolished	Tswanaland and all other homelands in South West Africa were abolished in May 1989 at the start of the transition to independence.	Tswanaland	May 1989
dissolved or abolished	From 1982, production of Palissy and Hammersley ranges was merged, until their final demise in 1988.	Palissy	1988
dissolved or abolished	Legnica Voivodeship (Polish: województwo legnickie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975--1998, superseded by Lower Silesian Voivodeship.	Legnica Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	In March 2003, Fox Interactive was acquired by Vivendi Universal Games and closed down in 2006.	Fox Interactive	2006
dissolved or abolished	Ultra Food & Drug was a supermarket and drug store chain in Ontario, Canada from the 1980s to 2008.	Ultra Food & Drug	2008
dissolved or abolished	CKO was a Canadian radio news network which operated from 1977 to 1989.	CKO	1989
dissolved or abolished	McDonald was still Chief Executive Officer and president when Connectix finally closed in August 2003.	Connectix	2003
dissolved or abolished	Częstochowa Voivodeship (Polish: województwo częstochowskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975--1998, superseded mainly by Silesian Voivodeship, with a few eastern gminas attached to the freshly created Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship.	Częstochowa Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	The Hudson Motor Car Company made Hudson and other brand automobiles in Detroit, Michigan, from 1909 to 1954.	Hudson Motor Car Company	1954
dissolved or abolished	Alvis Car and Engineering Company Ltd was a British manufacturing company in Coventry from 1919 to 1967.	Alvis Car and Engineering Company	1967
dissolved or abolished	The Civic Democratic Alliance (Czech: Občanská demokratická aliance, ODA) was a small liberal centre-right political party in the Czech Republic, functional between years 1989 (founded shortly after the Velvet revolution) and 2007.	Civic Democratic Alliance	2007
dissolved or abolished	In December 1994, Inmos was fully assimilated into STMicroelectronics, and the usage of the Inmos brand name was discontinued.	Inmos	December 1994
dissolved or abolished	The Hamilton Tigers were a professional ice hockey team, and a member of the National Hockey League (NHL), based in Hamilton, Ontario, that played from 1920--1925.	Hamilton Tigers	1925
dissolved or abolished	Gran Colombia (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈɡɾaŋ koˈlombja), ``Great Colombia'') is a name used today for the state that encompassed much of northern South America and part of southern Central America from 1819 to 1831.	Gran Colombia	1831
dissolved or abolished	On at least one occasion they succeeded and formed the Kingdom of Kurdistan, which lasted from September 1922 until July 1924.	Kingdom of Kurdistan	1924
dissolved or abolished	The Prime Minister of Ghana was the head of government of Ghana from 1957 to 1960 and again from 1969 to 1972.	Prime Minister of Ghana	1960	1972
dissolved or abolished	With the extinction of coutos in Portugal, initiated in 1692 and concluded in 1790, the Couto Misto was freed from its feudal ties functioning as a de facto independent state up to its partition and annexation in 1868.	Couto Misto	1868
educated at	In the fall of 2005, Ann Richards taught a class called ``Women and Leadership'' at the University of Texas at Austin: twenty-one female students were selected for that class.	Ann Richards	University of Texas at Austin
educated at	Robert King Stone (December 11, 1822 -- April 23, 1872) was a 19th-century professor at Columbian College Medical School ( predecessor to today's George Washington University School of Medicine) and was considered ``the dean of the Washington medical community.''	Robert King Stone	George Washington University
educated at	Jesse L. Beauchamp (born 1942) is the Charles and Mary Ferkel Professor of Chemistry at the California Institute of Technology.	Jesse L. Beauchamp	California Institute of Technology
educated at	José Marchena Ruiz de Cueto (November 18, 1768 -- January 31, 1821), also known as Abate Marchena, was a Spanish author, who studied with distinction at the University of Salamanca.	José Marchena Ruiz de Cueto	University of Salamanca
educated at	Pierre El Daher holds a Bachelors and Masters degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of Southern California and resides in Beirut with his wife and three children.	Pierre El Daher	University of Southern California
educated at	A Minnesota native, Richard DeMillo was born and raised in Hibbing, Minnesota and received his Bachelor of Arts in mathematics from the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul Minnesota in 1969 and a Ph.D. in information and computer science from Georgia Tech in 1972.	Richard DeMillo	University of St. Thomas
educated at	Although born in Cleveland, Ohio, Peter Tomsen graduated from Sycamore High School in Cincinnati, Ohio and attended college at Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio, receiving a degree in political science in 1962.	Peter Tomsen	Wittenberg University
educated at	Emanuel Vahl studied at the School of Stolyarsky in Odessa, Ukraine and at the Moscow Conservatory.	Emanuel Vahl	Moscow Conservatory
educated at	Juan de Herrera completed his studies at the University of Valladolid in the spring of 1548.	Juan de Herrera	University of Valladolid
educated at	Jay M. Ipson graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School and attended the University of Richmond.	Jay M. Ipson	University of Richmond
educated at	Joseph Abruzzo graduated from Lynn University with a degree in international communications in 2003, and joined the United States Coast Guard Reserve later that year, where he worked as a port security specialist.	Joseph Abruzzo	Lynn University
educated at	Evelyn Boyd Granville (born May 1, 1924) was one of the first African-American women to receive a Ph.D. in mathematics; she earned it in 1949 from Yale University.	Evelyn Boyd Granville	Yale University
educated at	Yves Bréchet graduated from École Polytechnique (1981), École des hautes études en sciences sociales (1992) and obtained his doctoral degree and habilitation from Joseph Fourier University in 1987 and 1992, respectively.	Yves Bréchet	École Polytechnique
educated at	Rabbi Dr. Isaac Lewin, (1906 - 1995) was a Professor Emeritus Of Jewish History at the Bernard Revel Graduate School of Yeshiva University In New York	Isaac Lewin	Yeshiva University
educated at	Ladislas Goldstein was (February 6, 1906 -- July 15, 1994) was professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Illinois (1951--72) and visiting professor of Physics at the University of Paris-Orsay (1957--58, 1963--64, 1967--68).	Ladislas Goldstein	University of Paris
educated at	Tom Lopez currently teaches at the Oberlin College Conservatory of Music and serves as chair of TIMARA (Technology in Music and Related Arts), a program established in 1967.	Tom Lopez	Oberlin College
educated at	Eloísa Díaz Insunza (June 25, 1866 -- November 1, 1950), was the first female medical student to attend the University of Chile, and the first woman to become a doctor of medicine in Chile as well as the entire continent of South America.	Eloísa Díaz	University of Chile
educated at	Sister Rose Thering, O.P., (August 9, 1920 in Plain, Wisconsin -- May 6, 2006 in Racine, Wisconsin) was a Roman Catholic Dominican Religious Sister, who gained note as an activist against antisemitism, educator and a professor of Catholic-Jewish dialogue at Seton Hall University in New Jersey.	Rose Thering	Seton Hall University
educated at	Bankes was the only surviving son of Henry Bankes, Esq., and the great-grandson of Sir John Bankes, chief justice of the common pleas in the time of Charles I. He was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1778, and M.A. in 1781.	Henry Bankes	Trinity College
educated at	After high school, Avey Tare and Geologist moved to New York City to attend New York University and Columbia University, respectively.	Avey Tare	New York University
educated at	Hans Corell graduated with a Master of Laws at Uppsala University.	Hans Corell	Uppsala University
educated at	Angus Mortimer (born September 4, 1985) is a Canadian sprint kayaker currently attending Carleton University, who paddles out of the Rideau Canoe Club.	Angus Mortimer	Carleton University
educated at	al-Jassar obtained a Bachelor's degree in geography and economics from Kuwait University in 1980, a Master's Degree from the University of Michigan in 1987 and a PhD from the University of Pittsburgh Salwa al-Jassar has worked as a professor at Kuwait University.	Salwa al-Jassar	University of Michigan
educated at	Michael Wells graduated in 1976 from the University of Manchester with a BSc and MB, ChB in medicine and surgery.	Michael Wells	University of Manchester
educated at	Rick Kuhn (born 18 September 1955) is an Australian Marxian economist, political analyst and reader at the Australian National University in Canberra.	Rick Kuhn	Australian National University
educated at	Pulitzer Prize winner David Maraniss received an honorary degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison at the Spring commencement ceremony on May 16, 2014.	David Maraniss	University of Wisconsin-Madison
educated at	Seóirse Bodley (first name pronounced (ˈʃoːɾˠʃə); born 4 April 1933) is an Irish composer and former associate professor of music at University College Dublin (UCD).	Seóirse Bodley	University College Dublin
educated at	After a degree from HEC Paris, Pierre Bellon joined the Société d'exploitations hôtelières, aériennes, maritimes et terrestres in 1958.	Pierre Bellon	HEC Paris
educated at	Charity Basaza Mulenga studied electrical engineering at Makerere University, the largest and oldest public university in Uganda, graduating with the degree of Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering in 2001.	Charity Basaza Mulenga	Makerere University
educated at	Anat Ninio (Hebrew: ענת ניניו‎; born August 10, 1944) is a professor of psychology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel.	Anat Ninio	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Veronica Dillon earned a BA at St. John's University in 1971, and a JD at the Fordham Law School.	Veronica Dillon	St. John's University
educated at	Lillien Jane Martin obtained her Bachelor of Arts from Vassar College and taught as a high school science teacher.	Lillien Jane Martin	Vassar College
educated at	A native of Greenville, Alabama in Butler County, Walter Flowers attended public schools in Tuscaloosa and entered the University of Alabama where he earned degrees in 1955 and 1957.	Walter Flowers	University of Alabama
educated at	Frank Moretti (1943--2013) was a Professor of Communications, Computing, and Technology at Teachers College, Columbia University and Visiting Professor in the Columbia University School of Journalism.	Frank Moretti	Columbia University
educated at	Moshe Davis (January 12, 1916 in Brooklyn, New York -- 1996) was a rabbi and a scholar of American Jewish history who taught at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTS) and Hebrew University.	Moshe Davis	Jewish Theological Seminary of America
educated at	Gerry McNamara (born August 28, 1983) is a retired American basketball player and current assistant coach of the Syracuse University men's basketball team.	Gerry McNamara	Syracuse University
educated at	He attended the University of Sussex 1980--1983, Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design 1988--1991 and Goldsmiths College 1991--1992 Martin Maloney practices deliberately ``bad'' painting, where images (mainly figures) are achieved with apparently inept draughtsmanship and crude painting.	Martin Maloney	University of Sussex	Central Saint Martins
educated at	Philippe Apeloig studied at the École supérieure des arts appliqués Duperré, then at the École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs.	Philippe Apeloig	École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs
educated at	José Luis de Quintanar Soto y Ruiz (born December 22, 1772, San Juan del Río, Querétaro - November 16, 1837, Mexico City) was a Royalist military officer in colonial New Spain, and a politician after the 1821 independence of Mexico.	Luis de Quintanar	Querétaro
educated at	Perpessicius' son Dumitru D. Panaitescu, a student at the University of Bucharest during the mid-1950s, was arrested by the Securitate secret police and implicated in the ``Dardena trial'', becoming a political prisoner of the communist regime.	Perpessicius	University of Bucharest
educated at	Fred Baier is an avant garde British furniture designer maker working since the 1970s when he graduated from the Royal College of Art and taught at what is now Faculty of Arts (University of Brighton) A pioneer designer of the 1970s, 80s, 90s and today, he has experimented with radical structures and forms.	Fred Baier	Royal College of Art
educated at	Pierre Dubuc completed studies in political science at the Université de Montréal.	Pierre Dubuc	Université de Montréal
educated at	Mariyah Moten graduated from University of Houston in with a degree in hotel management.	Mariyah Moten	University of Houston
educated at	Cindy Meehl studied art at Marymount Manhattan College and The National Academy Museum and School of Fine Arts.	Cindy Meehl	Marymount Manhattan College
educated at	Maria Wasiak was born in Radom and lived and studied there until matriculating at the University of Warsaw where she studied law.	Maria Wasiak	University of Warsaw
educated at	Thymaya Payne is a University of Chicago and AFI graduate born in New York and currently residing in Los Angeles and New York.	Thymaya Payne	University of Chicago
educated at	George Adrian Horridge FRS (born 12 December 1927) is an Australian neurobiologist, and professor at Australian National University.	Adrian Horridge	Australian National University
educated at	Topper Shutt was a childhood resident of the Washington area, Shutt graduated from Landon School in Bethesda, Maryland before attending Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut with a major in history.	Topper Shutt	Trinity College
educated at	Since his childhood, Qiao Guanhua showed a great intelligence, especially remarkable memory, so he repeatedly skipped school grades, and was admitted to the Tsinghua University at the age of 16.	Qiao Guanhua	Tsinghua University
educated at	Mendel Shapiro holds B.A. and M.S. degrees from Yeshiva University and a J.D. from Columbia Law School.	Mendel Shapiro	Columbia Law School
educated at	Albert Sidney Camp attended the University of Georgia School of Law in Athens where he was a member of the Phi Kappa Literary Society.	Albert Sidney Camp	University of Georgia
educated at	Borja Prado Eulate, born in Madrid in 1956, studied law at the Autonomous University of Madrid.	Borja Prado	Autonomous University of Madrid
educated at	Horace Webster (Hartford, Connecticut, September 21, 1794 - Geneva, New York, July 12, 1871) was an American educator who graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1818.	Horace Webster	United States Military Academy
educated at	Augustus Van Wyck's education led him to Phillips Exeter Academy and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill to study the practice of law.	Augustus Van Wyck	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
educated at	Born in Edinburgh, and educated at George Watson's College, Malcolm Martineau read Music at St Catharine's College, Cambridge.	Malcolm Martineau	George Watson's College	St Catharine's College
educated at	According to The Guardian, Marion Kozak had once been a student (at the London School of Economics) of the Marxist scholar Ralph Miliband.	Marion Kozak	London School of Economics
educated at	The Senate of Serampore College, West Bengal, the first University in India with degree-granting authority elected Gnana Robinson as its President in 1986.	Gnana Robinson	Senate of Serampore College
educated at	Anton Memminger studied at the University of Würzburg jurisprudence, political sciences and history.	Anton Memminger	University of Würzburg
educated at	During 1938-39 Nils Slaatto took carpentry at the Technical School in Oslo before he enrolled into the Norwegian Institute of Technology, Faculty of Architecture, where he graduated in 1947.	Nils Slaatto	Norwegian Institute of Technology
educated at	Merle Wendt (April 7, 1915 -- February 12, 2000) was an All-American football player at Ohio State University.	Merle Wendt	Ohio State University
educated at	Barbara Snyder earned a bachelor's degree in sociology from The Ohio State University and a law degree from the University of Chicago.	Barbara Snyder	Ohio State University
educated at	Nancy Dorian received her Ph.D from the University of Michigan and is a former professor of linguistics and anthropology at Bryn Mawr College.	Nancy Dorian	University of Michigan
educated at	Arend Joan Rutgers went to high school in Almelo, after which he studied chemistry at the University of Amsterdam.	Arend Joan Rutgers	University of Amsterdam
educated at	Robert J. Dennis graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where he received a bachelor's degree, followed by a master's degree.	Robert J. Dennis	Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
educated at	Jean-Yves Le Gall (born 30 April 1959) is an engineering graduate from the École supérieure d'optique (1981) and holds a doctorate in engineering from the University of Paris-Sud (1983).	Jean-Yves Le Gall	École supérieure d'optique	University of Paris-Sud
educated at	St. George Tucker (July 10, 1752 -- November 10, 1827), born in Bermuda, was a lawyer and, after the American Revolution, a professor of law at the College of William and Mary.	St. George Tucker	College of William and Mary
educated at	Paula M. Niedenthal is a social psychologist currently working as a Professor of Psychology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Paula M. Niedenthal	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	Jon Urbanchek is an American swimming coach, best known for his 22-year tenure as the head coach of the Michigan Wolverines swimming and diving team of the University of Michigan from 1982 to 2004.	Jon Urbanchek	University of Michigan
educated at	Elliot Meyerowitz did his undergraduate work at Columbia University (A.B. in Biology, 1973), where he worked part-time in the laboratory of Cyrus Levinthal on combined microscopic and computational methods for tracing axons and dendritic trees in the nervous systems of fish.	Elliot Meyerowitz	Columbia University
educated at	Merch Bradt Stewart (June 24, 1875 -- July 3, 1934), often called M.B. Stewart was a writer, educator, and career United States Army officer who became superintendent of the United States Military Academy.	Merch Bradt Stewart	United States Military Academy
educated at	Tim Brunero went to Carlingford High School, is a graduate of the University of Sydney and was a director of the University of Sydney Union.	Tim Brunero	University of Sydney
educated at	Everett Franklin Lindquist (June 4, 1901 -- May 13, 1978) was a professor of education at the University of Iowa College of Education.	Everett Franklin Lindquist	University of Iowa
educated at	Kakhi Kavsadze he graduated in 1959 from the Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University and the Rustaveli Theatre.	Kakhi Kavsadze	Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University
educated at	Paul Chomnycky was born in Vancouver, Canada, the son of a Ukrainian-immigrant father and Canadian-born mother (both of whom died in 1996) and graduated from the University of British Columbia with a Bachelor's degree in Commerce in 1980.	Paul Chomnycky	University of British Columbia
educated at	David Hershkovits was raised in Brooklyn, New York, and graduated with a BA in Literature from Yeshiva University and a Masters from Penn State University.	David Hershkovits	Yeshiva University
educated at	Ike Awgu studied economics and law at Carleton University before going on to earn a law degree from Queen's University in 2008.	Ike Awgu	Carleton University
educated at	Arnaud Danjean graduated in 1992 from Sciences Po with a Degree in ``Communication, Research and Human Resource'', and completed his curriculum in 1993 with a Postgraduate Diploma in Political Science and International Relations at Sciences Po.	Arnaud Danjean	Sciences Po
educated at	Georgeann Wells is an All-American basketball player at West Virginia University (WVU) who became the first woman to register a dunk in an official NCAA intercollegiate basketball game.	Georgeann Wells	West Virginia University
educated at	Joachim Sauer (born 19 April 1949) is a German quantum chemist and full professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin.	Joachim Sauer	Humboldt University of Berlin
educated at	Lilian Helen Alexander (15 March 1861 -- 18 October 1934) was an Australian surgeon and one of the first women to study medicine at the University of Melbourne.	Lilian Helen Alexander	University of Melbourne
educated at	Gordon Aylward graduated on 20 May 1952 with a BSc (Honours) in Applied Chemistry from the then-new University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia.	Gordon Aylward	University of New South Wales
educated at	George Shibata, born November 14, 1926 in Garland, Utah died May 20, 1987 in Huntington Beach, California, was an American actor and the first Asian American graduate of the United States Military Academy, Class of 1951.	George Shibata	United States Military Academy
educated at	Born 16 November 1952 in Coos Bay, Oregon, Lauren Newton earned a degree in music at the University of Oregon.	Lauren Newton	University of Oregon
educated at	A graduate of Vassar College with a degree in Philosophy and Film, Tom Gorai is an eighteen-year veteran of the film and television industry.	Tom Gorai	Vassar College
educated at	Timothy Potts was educated at the University of Sydney (BA Hons) and holds a DPhil in Near Eastern art and archaeology from the University of Oxford, where he was a research lecturer and British Academy Research Fellow in Near Eastern Archaeology and Art at Christ Church, Oxford (1985--90).	Timothy Potts	University of Sydney	University of Oxford
educated at	William Gartner studied Business Administration at the University of Washington and obtained his master's degree, with a major in Business Policy, in 1977.	William Gartner	University of Washington
educated at	Paul Dinello (born November 28, 1962) is an American actor, comedian, writer, director, and an alumnus of DePaul University, Chicago-based The Second City, Improv Institute, and Annoyance Theatre.	Paul Dinello	DePaul University
educated at	Michael Wilder (born August 17, 1962) is an American chess grandmaster and a J.D graduate of the University of Michigan.	Michael Wilder	University of Michigan
employer	Wolfgang Schirmacher (born 1944) is a German philosopher, editor and educator in the field of philosophy, art and critical thought as well as the founder and program director at the European Graduate School.	Wolfgang Schirmacher	European Graduate School
employer	Knut Kleve (born 24 February 1926) is a Norwegian classical philologist and a former professor at the University of Bergen and at the University of Oslo.	Knut Kleve	University of Oslo
employer	Tapan K. Datta is a Wayne State University civil engineering professor and researcher who highly specializes in transportation engineering and safety.	Tapan K. Datta	Wayne State University
employer	Ramsay MacMullen (born March 3, 1928 in New York City) is an Emeritus Professor of history at Yale University, where he taught from 1967 to his retirement in 1993 as Dunham Professor of History and Classics.	Ramsay MacMullen	Yale University
employer	Anthony P. Bretscher (born September 8, 1950 in Harwell, Berkshire, England) is a professor of cell biology at Cornell University in the Department of Molecular Biology & Genetics in the College of Arts and Sciences.	Anthony P. Bretscher	Cornell University
employer	Edward Henry Kraus (1875-1973) was a Professor of Mineralogy at the University of Michigan and also served as Dean of the Summer Session, 1915-1933, Dean of the College of Pharmacy, 1923-1933, and Dean of the College of Literature, Science and the Arts, 1933-1945.	Edward Henry Kraus	University of Michigan
employer	Leonard DeLonga (1925 - December 4, 1991) was an American sculptor, painter, and professor at Mount Holyoke College.	Leonard DeLonga	Mount Holyoke College
employer	Robert Neelly Bellah (February 23, 1927 -- July 30, 2013) was an American sociologist, and the Elliott Professor of Sociology, as well as Professor Emeritus at the University of California, Berkeley.	Robert Neelly Bellah	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Yossi Sheffi is the Elisha Gray II Professor of Engineering Systems at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and an expert in systems optimization, risk analysis and supply chain management.	Yossi Sheffi	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Jonathan Wahl is a mathematician based at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Jonathan Wahl	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Douglas F. Tobler (born c. 1936) is an emeritus professor of German and Holocaust history at Brigham Young University (BYU).	Douglas F. Tobler	Brigham Young University
employer	Charles Robert Sanger (1860--1912) was a chemist and professor at Harvard University whose research centered on detecting and curing the causes of illness caused by chemicals in the home.	Charles Robert Sanger	Harvard University
employer	Vicente L. Rafael is a professor of Southeast Asian history at the University of Washington, Seattle.	Vicente L. Rafael	University of Washington
employer	Richard Yarborough (born 1951) is Professor of English and African American literature and a Faculty Research Associate with the Ralph J. Bunche Center for African American Studies at the University of California, Los Angeles.	Richard Yarborough	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Bruce Nissen (born January 20, 1948) is a professor of labor studies and director of research at the Center for Labor Research and Studies (CLRS) at Florida International University (FIU).	Bruce Nissen	Florida International University
employer	Dara Horn was born in New Jersey in 1977, grew up in Short Hills, NJ and received her Ph.D. in comparative literature from Harvard University in 2006.	Dara Horn	Harvard University
employer	Gerald Tsai Jr. (Chinese: 蔡至勇; pinyin: Cài Zhìyǒng; March 10, 1929 -- July 9, 2008) was a billionaire investor and philanthropist who helped build Fidelity Investments into a mutual fund powerhouse.	Gerald Tsai	Fidelity Investments
employer	Fergus Walsh (born 1961 in Leicester, Leicestershire) has been the BBC's medical correspondent since 2006.	Fergus Walsh	BBC
employer	Michael Shifter is President of the Inter-American Dialogue and an Adjunct Professor of Latin American Studies at Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service.	Michael Shifter	Georgetown University
employer	Pierre Briant (born September 30, 1940 in Angers) is a French Iranologist, Professor of History and Civilisation of the Achaemenid World and the Empire of Alexander the Great at the Collège de France (1999 onwards), Doctor Honoris Causa at the University of Chicago, and founder of the website achemenet.com.	Pierre Briant	Collège de France
employer	S. James Anaya is the American James J. Lenoir Professor of Human Rights Law and Policy at the University of Arizona's James E. Rogers College of Law.	James Anaya	University of Arizona
employer	Mark Gillett is a British executive and technologist and is a partner, managing director and Head of Value Creation at Silver Lake Partners one of the largest global technology investment funds.	Mark Gillett	Silver Lake Partners
employer	Marion Nestle, Ph.D, M.P.H., is the Paulette Goddard Professor of Nutrition, Food Studies, and Public Health at New York University.	Marion Nestle	New York University
employer	Mary M. Frasier (1938--2005) was a famous African American educator who specialized in the area of gifted education at the University of Georgia.	Mary M. Frasier	University of Georgia
employer	René Janssen (born 1959) is a Dutch professor of Moleculair Materials and Nanosystems at Eindhoven University of Technology.	René Janssen	Eindhoven University of Technology
employer	Alexander Nehamas (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Νεχαμάς; born 22 March 1946) is Professor of Philosophy and Edmund N. Carpenter, II Class of 1943 Professor in the Humanities at Princeton University, where he has taught since 1990, and a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences.	Alexander Nehamas	Princeton University
employer	Eduard Albert studied medicine at the University of Vienna, where he earned his doctorate in 1867.	Eduard Albert	University of Vienna
employer	David J. McCarthy, Jr. is Dean Emeritus of the Georgetown University Law Center, Washington, DC, USA from 1975 to 1983.	David J. McCarthy, Jr.	Georgetown University
employer	Major General Salihu Zaway Uba is the Force Commander for the United Nations Mission in Liberia.	Salihu Zaway Uba	United Nations
employer	Natalia Cruz (born August 18, 1976 in Barranquilla, Colombia) is a Colombian journalist and news anchor in the United States, three time Emmy Award winner, affiliated to Univision Network, and the show Primer Impacto.	Natalia Cruz	Univision
employer	André Bouchard (January 26, 1946 -- 4 March 2010) was a Canadian ecologist and environmentalist who spent most of his career at Université de Montréal (UdeM) and the Montreal Botanical Garden.	André Bouchard	Université de Montréal
employer	Thomas Marc Parrott (1866--1960) was a prominent twentieth-century American literary scholar, long a member of the faculty of Princeton University in New Jersey.	Thomas Marc Parrott	Princeton University
employer	Elliott Sober (born 6 June 1948, Baltimore) is Hans Reichenbach Professor and William F. Vilas Research Professor in the Department of Philosophy at University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Elliott Sober	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Between 1950 and 1953, John Durnford-Slater was Estate Bursar and Commanding Officer of the CCF at Bedford School.	John Durnford-Slater	Bedford School
employer	Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck (/ˈjɑːn ˈpiːtərsoʊn ˈsweɪlɪŋk/; April or May, 1562 in Deventer -- 16 October 1621 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch composer, organist, and pedagogue whose work straddled the end of the Renaissance and beginning of the Baroque eras.	Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck	Amsterdam
employer	Andrzej Szczeklik (July 29, 1938 -- February 3, 2012) was a Polish immunologist working Jagiellonian University School of Medicine (Collegium Medicum) in Kraków.	Andrzej Szczeklik	Jagiellonian University
employer	Jun Yamazaki (born in 1956, in London) is a Japanese diplomat and former United Nations Assistant Secretary-General at the Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts, and Controller.	Jun Yamazaki	United Nations
employer	Elliot S. Gershon is a professor of psychiatry and human genetics at the University of Chicago in the United States.	Elliot S. Gershon	University of Chicago
employer	Hans-Peter Kriegel (1 October 1948, Germany) is a German computer scientist and professor at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and leading the Database Systems Group in the Department of Computer Science.	Hans-Peter Kriegel	Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
employer	Douglas Crimp (born 1944) is an American professor in art history based at the University of Rochester.	Douglas Crimp	University of Rochester
employer	Stefán Einarsson (9 June 1897 -- 9 April 1972) was an Icelandic linguist and literary historian, who was a professor at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore in the United States.	Stefán Einarsson	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Toby Swift is a radio drama director and producer for BBC Radio.	Toby Swift	BBC
employer	Jan Hus (/hʊs/; Czech: (ˈjan ˈɦus); c. 1369 -- 6 July 1415), often referred to in English as John Hus or John Huss, was a Czech priest, philosopher, early Christian reformer and Master at Charles University in Prague.	Jan Hus	Charles University in Prague
employer	Margaret W. Rossiter (born July 1944) is an American historian of science, and Marie Underhill Noll Professor of the History of Science, at Cornell University.	Margaret W. Rossiter	Cornell University
employer	Ephraim M. Sparrow is a Professor of Engineering at the University of Minnesota.	Ephraim M. Sparrow	University of Minnesota
employer	Deepak Sarma (born 1969) is a professor of Hinduism and Indian Philosophy at Case Western Reserve University.	Deepak Sarma	Case Western Reserve University
employer	Jeffrey Heath (born November 29, 1949) is Professor of Historical Linguistics, Morphology, Arabic and Linguistic Anthropology at the University of Michigan, USA.	Jeffrey Heath	University of Michigan
employer	Phil Goodlad is a Scottish television and radio sports reporter currently working for the BBC.	Phil Goodlad	BBC
employer	Major-General Birhanu Jula Gelalcha is the Force Commander of the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei (UNISFA).	Birhanu Jula Gelalcha	United Nations
employer	Clifton F. Conrad is Vilas Distinguished Achievement Professor and Professor of Higher Education at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Clifton F. Conrad	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Wendy Ashmore is a professor of Maya archaeology at the University of California, Riverside.	Wendy Ashmore	University of California, Riverside
employer	Riccardo Betti (Rome, Italy on July 29, 1963) is the Robert L. McCrory professor of Mechanical Engineering and Physics and Astronomy at the University of Rochester, in Rochester, NY.	Riccardo Betti	University of Rochester
employer	Tania A. Baker Ph.D. is a Professor of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and formally the head of the Department of Biology.	Tania A. Baker	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Elżbieta Hałas (1954-present) is a Polish sociologist and a professor at the University of Warsaw.	Elżbieta Hałas	University of Warsaw
employer	David E. Sweet, (1933--1984), academic, was the founding president of innovative Metropolitan State University and later president of Rhode Island College, where he spearheaded the Leadership Rhode Island program and presided over the college's evolution from a normal college into a multipurpose college.	David E. Sweet	Metropolitan State University	Rhode Island College
employer	David Kopf is professor emeritus at the University of Minnesota.	David Kopf	University of Minnesota
employer	Toby Lanzer (born 1965), a national of the United Kingdom, is currently a United Nations Assistant Secretary-General and the Regional Humanitarian Coordinator for the Sahel, including for the Lake Chad basin.	Toby Lanzer	United Nations
employer	James (Jim) Glerum was among the second generation of Central Intelligence Agency Paramilitary Case Officers.	James (Jim) Glerum	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	In 1978 Jaap Goudsmit received his MD degree with honor at the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Amsterdam.	Jaap Goudsmit	University of Amsterdam
employer	Leah Krubitzer is an American neuroscientist, Professor of Psychology at University of California, Davis, and head of the Laboratory of Evolutionary Neurobiology.	Leah Krubitzer	University of California, Davis
employer	Henri Lafont, real name Henri Chamberlin (22 April 1902, Paris - 26 December 1944, Arcueil) was the head of the French Gestapo during the German occupation in World War II. He was executed by firing squad on Boxing Day, 1944.	Henri Lafont	Gestapo
employer	Arturo de Hoyos (born 1925) was formerly a professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and is now the president of the Universidad Hispana in Provo, Utah.	Arturo de Hoyos	Brigham Young University
employer	Michael J. Sandel (/sænˈdɛl/; born March 5, 1953) is an American political philosopher and a professor at Harvard University.	Michael J. Sandel	Harvard University
employer	Rita P. Wright is an American anthropologist, and professor at New York University.	Rita P. Wright	New York University
employer	Charles Heckscher is a professor in the Department of Labor Studies and Employment at Rutgers University, and director of the Center for Workplace Transformation at Rutgers.	Charles Heckscher	Rutgers University
employer	William Ripper (1853-1937) was principal of Sheffield Technical School when it merged with other institutions to create the University of Sheffield and he was acting Vice-Chancellor of the University from 1917 to 1919.	William Ripper	University of Sheffield
employer	Andrew H. Van de Ven (born 1945) is an American organization scholar, and Vernon H. Heath Professor of Organizational Innovation and Change in the Carlson School of Management of the University of Minnesota.	Andrew H. Van de Ven	University of Minnesota
employer	Matthew Stadlen (born 7 December 1979) is an English television presenter and producer for the BBC.	Matthew Stadlen	BBC
employer	India Catalina (c. 1495 -- ?) was an indigenous woman (almost certainly Calamari) from the Colombian Atlantic coast, who accompanied Pedro de Heredia and played a role in the Spanish conquest of Colombia, acting as interpreter and intermediary.	India Catalina	Pedro de Heredia
employer	1969 Hans Hugo Klein took a call to a professorship for Public Law at the University of Göttingen.	Hans Hugo Klein	University of Göttingen
employer	Mehryar Mohri is a professor of computer science at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University known for his work in machine learning, automata theory and algorithms, speech recognition and natural language processing.	Mehryar Mohri	New York University
employer	Behram Kurşunoğlu (14 March 1922 -- 25 October 2003) was a Turkish physicist and the founder and the director of the Center for Theoretical Studies, University of Miami.	Behram Kurşunoğlu	University of Miami
employer	Sara Suleri Goodyear, born Sara Suleri, is an author and, since 1983, professor of English at Yale University, where her fields of study and teaching include Romantic and Victorian poetry as well as a recent interest in Edmund Burke.	Sara Suleri	Yale University
employer	Richard Calder (1943-3 Nov 2014) was a senior official at the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).	Richard Calder	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Naomi Scheman is a Professor of Philosophy and Gender, Women's and Sexuality Studies at the University of Minnesota.	Naomi Scheman	University of Minnesota
employer	Stefan M. Pulst is Chairman of the Department of Neurology at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City.	Stefan M. Pulst	University of Utah
employer	Marshall R. Urist was a United States orthopedic surgeon working at University of California, Los Angeles who made discoveries in treating broken bones.	Marshall R. Urist	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Harry Pratt Judson (1849--1927) was a U.S. educator and historian and the second president of the University of Chicago.	Harry Pratt Judson	University of Chicago
employer	Theodore J. Lowi (born July 9, 1931) is the John L. Senior Professor of American Institutions teaching in the Government Department at Cornell University.	Theodore J. Lowi	Cornell University
employer	Alan Astbury FRS (1934--2014) was a Canadian physicist, professor emeritus at University of Victoria, and was director of the Tri-Universities Meson Facility (TRIUMF) laboratory.	Alan Astbury	University of Victoria
employer	Peter Jay returned to broadcast journalism and became Economics Editor of the BBC, specially appointed by John Birt, and presented editions of The Money Programme.	Peter Jay	BBC
employer	Azhagar Ramanujam is a Professor of Tamil language and Head of the Tamil department at Government Arts College, Ooty and a National Service Scheme Programme Officer widely noted for social activities.	Azhagar Ramanujam	Government Arts College, Ooty
employer	Madeleine M. Joullié (born March 29, 1927) was the first woman to join the University of Pennsylvania chemistry faculty.	Madeleine M. Joullié	University of Pennsylvania
employer	David Chavchavadze (May 20, 1924 -- October 5, 2014) was an American author and a former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) officer of Georgian-Russian origin.	David Chavchavadze	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Thomas C. Duffy, DMA (born June 17, 1955) is Professor (adjunct) of Music and the Director of Bands at Yale University.	Thomas C. Duffy	Yale University
employer	Wayne Brock (born 1948) is a professional scouter who served as the 12th Chief Scout Executive of the Boy Scouts of America from 2012 to 2015.	Wayne Brock	Boy Scouts of America
employer	Jack Randall Crawford (1878--1968) was an author of novels (many unpublished), plays, and literary criticism and a professor of English at Yale University; he is perhaps best known for his 1922 autobiographical novel I Walked in Arden and his 1928 nonfiction What to Read in English Literature.	Jack Randall Crawford	Yale University
employer	Mark Baltin is an American linguist and member of the faculty of New York University.	Mark Baltin	New York University
employer	Catharine Savage Brosman (born 1934, an American poet, essayist, and scholar of French literature) was a professor at Tulane University, where she held the Gore Chair of French Studies.	Catharine Savage Brosman	Tulane University
employer	Amos N. Guiora is an Israeli-American professor of law at The S. J. Quinney College of Law, University of Utah, and an expert on drone attacks.	Amos N. Guiora	University of Utah
employer	Jakob Lothe (born 1950) is a Norwegian literary scholar and Professor of English Literature at the University of Oslo.	Jakob Lothe	University of Oslo
father	Deneys Reitz (1882--1944), son of Francis William Reitz, was a Boer soldier who fought in the Second Boer War for the South African Republic against the British Empire.	Deneys Reitz	Francis William Reitz
founder	HH Sir Mohammad Ali Mohammad Khan and the Aga Khan III also played a major role in realising the idea of Syed Ahmed Khan by collecting funds for building the Aligarh Muslim University In the beginning the college was affiliated with the University of Calcutta but became an affiliate of Allahabad University in 1885.	Aligarh Muslim University	Syed Ahmed Khan
founder	E. P. Dutton was an American book publishing company founded as a book retailer in Boston, Massachusetts in 1852 by Edward Payson Dutton.	E. P. Dutton	Edward Payson Dutton
founder	The National Radical Union (Greek: Ἐθνικὴ Ῥιζοσπαστικὴ Ἕνωσις (ΕΡΕ), Ethnikī́ Rizospastikī́ Énōsis (ERE)) was a Greek political party formed in 1955 by Konstantinos Karamanlis, mostly out of the Greek Rally party.	National Radical Union	Konstantinos Karamanlis
founder	Obsession is a documentary film -- produced and co-written by Raphael Shore, Clarion Project founder, about the perceived threat of radical Islam to Western civilization.	Clarion Project	Raphael Shore
founder	Sullivan Bluth Studios was an Irish-American animated film production company established in 1979 by animator Don Bluth.	Sullivan Bluth Studios	Don Bluth
founder	The National Center for Transgender Equality (NCTE) is a nonprofit social equality organization, founded in 2003 by transgender activist Mara Keisling.	National Center for Transgender Equality	Mara Keisling
founder	ProServ was created in 1970 in Washington, D.C. by attorney and former professional tennis player and U.S. Davis Cup captain Donald Dell and Frank Craighill.	ProServ	Donald Dell
founder	The Libav project is a fork of the FFmpeg project which was originally started by Fabrice Bellard (using the pseudonym ``Gérard Lantau'').	Libav	Fabrice Bellard
founder	The City of London School traces its origins to a bequest of land by John Carpenter, town clerk of London.	City of London School	John Carpenter
founder	The Middle East Forum (MEF) is an American conservative think tank founded in 1990 by Daniel Pipes, who also serves as its director.	Middle East Forum	Daniel Pipes
founder	Nordisk Film (USA affiliate: Great Northern Film Company), established in Denmark in 1906 by Danish filmmaker Ole Olsen, is the oldest continuously active film studio in the world.	Nordisk Film	Ole Olsen
founder	Bromcom Computers Plc (Bromcom) was formed in 1986 by computer scientist, Ali Guryel, as a private company serving business-to-business alongside a sister company Frontline Technology Ltd. These companies were formed following the establishment of a sole proprietary company selling microcomputers as they were known at the time.	Bromcom	Ali Guryel
founder	Based in Portland, Maine, LibraryThing was developed by Tim Spalding and went live on August 29, 2005.	LibraryThing	Tim Spalding
founder	Internet Matters is supported by the largest internet service providers in the UK, Sky, Virgin Media, TalkTalk and BT.	Internet Matters	Virgin Media
founder	The General Mediterranean Holding (GMH) is a financial holding company established in 1979 in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg, founded by Anglo-Iraqi businessman Nadhmi Auchi.	General Mediterranean Holding	Nadhmi Auchi
founder	Súmate (Spanish for ``Join Up'') is a Venezuelan volunteer civil association founded in 2002 by María Corina Machado and Alejandro Plaz.	Súmate	María Corina Machado
founder	Corre La Licorne was a French car maker founded 1901 in Levallois-Perret, at the north-western edge of central Paris, by Jean-Marie Corre.	Corre La Licorne	Jean-Marie Corre
founder	Women of Zimbabwe Arise or WOZA is a civic movement in Zimbabwe which was formed in 2003 by Jenni Williams to:	Women of Zimbabwe Arise	Jenni Williams
founder	The Record Plant was a series of three famous recording studios which were founded by Gary Kellgren and Chris Stone, beginning in New York City in 1968.	Record Plant	Gary Kellgren	Chris Stone
founder	Sierra Entertainment (previously Sierra On-Line, commonly referred to as Sierra) is an American publisher founded in 1979 as On-Line Systems by Ken and Roberta Williams.	Sierra Entertainment	Roberta Williams
founder	Bloomberg L.P. was founded by Michael Bloomberg in 1981 with the help of Thomas Secunda, Duncan MacMillan, Charles Zegar, and a 30% ownership investment by Merrill Lynch.	Bloomberg L.P.	Michael Bloomberg
founder	The Egyptian Popular Current (التيار الشعبي المصري at-tāyar ash-shāʿībi al-masri) is a movement in Egypt, created after the 2012 presidential elections by former presidential candidate Hamdeen Sabahi.	Egyptian Popular Current	Hamdeen Sabahi
founder	Public Storage Inc. was founded in 1972 by B. Wayne Hughes and Kenneth Volk Jr. It grew to 1,000 locations by 1989, using funding from investors in real estate limited partnerships (RELPs).	Public Storage	B. Wayne Hughes
founder	Perceval Press is actor/artist Viggo Mortensen's publishing company, established 2002 with partner Pilar Perez.	Perceval Press	Viggo Mortensen
founder	First Look Media is a news organization founded by Pierre Omidyar that was first announced in October 2013 as a venue for ``original, independent journalism.''	First Look Media	Pierre Omidyar
founder	Redpath Sugar was established as the Canada Sugar Refining Company in 1854 in Montreal, Quebec by Scots-Quebecer entrepreneur, John Redpath (1796-1869).	Redpath Sugar	John Redpath
founder	Tandem Productions, Inc. (a.k.a. Tandem Enterprises, Inc.) was a film and television production company that was founded in 1958 by television director Bud Yorkin and television writer/producer Norman Lear.	Tandem Productions	Bud Yorkin	Norman Lear
founder	The Dobro was the third resonator guitar design by John Dopyera, the inventor of the resonator guitar, but the second to enter production.	Dobro	John Dopyera
founder	Invisible Records is a Chicago based record label founded by Martin Atkins to support and distribute the works of artists who preferred to work with a smaller, artist driven label.	Invisible Records	Martin Atkins
founder	Lib.ru, also known as Maksim Moshkow's Library (Russian: Библиоте́ка Макси́ма Мошко́ва, started to operate in November 1994) is the oldest electronic library in the Russian Internet segment.	Lib.ru	Maksim Moshkow
founder	Founded in 1947 by political scientist Elisabeth Noelle-Neumann and journalist Erich Peter Neumann, and modelled after Paul Lazarsfeld's Wirtschaftspsychologische Forschungsstelle at the University of Vienna, the Allensbach Institute was the first public opinion research institute in Germany, depending primarily on the sale of market research studies for financing.	Allensbach Institute	Elisabeth Noelle-Neumann
inception	Lazard was founded in 1848 and operates from 43 cities across 27 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, Central and South America.	Lazard	1848
inception	Tiaraway started out as a fix-termed voice actress duo in 2003, formed after the pair had recorded a song for the anime Memories Off 2nd.	Tiaraway	2003
inception	Founded in 2003 in Tallahassee, Florida, IDology was incorporated and moved to Atlanta, Georgia two years later in 2005.	IDology	2003
inception	It was founded in 1830, when jeweler Charles Christofle assumed management of a jewelry workshop belonging to his wife's family.	Christofle	1830
inception	The Vienna Philharmonic (VPO; German: Wiener Philharmoniker), founded in 1842, is an orchestra, regularly considered one of the finest in the world.	Vienna Philharmonic	1842
inception	Aftermath Music opened in 1997 as a small music shop, but also operates in various other fields.	Aftermath Music	1997
inception	Prime Sports Upper Midwest launched in 1990, receiving its affiliation with the Prime Network through Liberty's partial ownership interest.	Prime Sports Upper Midwest	1990
inception	Half Way Home was formed in 1986 by guitarist Dean Zuckerman, bassist Eddie Fagin, drummer Kevin Costigan, and singer Jennifer Barry with the band name officially used for the first time at a gig on November 6, 1987.	Half Way Home	1986
inception	Arphic Technology Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 文鼎科技開發股份有限公司, aka.: Arphic Technology (文鼎科技)) is a type foundry based in Taiwan (Republic of China), founded in May 1990.	Arphic Technology	1990
inception	NavigationArts was co-founded by Leo Mullen and Ted Smith in 2001, both former executives at the interactive design firm Iconixx.	NavigationArts	2001
inception	Founded in June 2004, Pink Visual evolved out of the formerly established TopBucks webmaster affiliate program, which gave Pink Visual the content and marketing resources to launch into the DVD market.	Pink Visual	2004
inception	Freebirds World Burrito, Freebirds for short, is a regional chain of fast casual burrito restaurants founded in 1987 in Santa Barbara, California by Mark Orfalea.	Freebirds World Burrito	1987
inception	The New York City Panel on Climate Change (NPCC), was convened by Mayor Michael Bloomberg in August 2008 as part of PlaNYC.	New York City Panel on Climate Change	2008
inception	INTAR Theatre, founded in 1966, is one of the oldest Hispanic theater companies in the United States and is an organization committed to the development of ``theater arts without borders.''	INTAR Theatre	1966
inception	Transjoik originally named Frode Fjellheim Jazzjoik Ensemble (founded 1992 in Trondheim, Norway by Frode Fjellheim) is a Norwegian band that plays jazz and Sámi music, often characterised as an ambient electronic, techno and trance band, but with a dose of yoiking, so it is often considered world music.	Transjoik	1992
inception	The station is owned by Jim Lawson Communications, Inc. First licensed to broadcast in 1992, WWPG-FM currently airs an urban adult contemporary music format.	WWPG	1992
inception	Deshpande Foundation is a non-governmental organization founded in 1996 by Gururaj (Desh) and Jaishree Deshpande.	Deshpande Foundation	1996
inception	Transcendence Theatre Company was established in 2008 as a 501c3 non-profit performing arts organization.	Transcendence Theatre Company	2008
inception	The Bull City Legacy is a member of the Tobacco Road Basketball League based in Durham, North Carolina which began play in 2014.	Bull City Legacy	2014
inception	Frontline Systems Australia was an Australian company formed in 1992 that provided IT solutions and services.	Frontline Systems Australia	1992
inception	Renaissance Recordings was a British record label, founded by the club Renaissance in 1994.	Renaissance Recordings	1994
inception	Editis was created in January 2004 by the regrouping of approximately 60% of the publishing assets of Vivendi, the other part remaining to Lagardère Group.	Editis	2004
inception	The Nikon D3200 is a 24.2-megapixel DX format DSLR Nikon F-mount camera officially launched by Nikon on April 19, 2012.	Nikon D3200	2012
inception	The Delaware Valley Railway took over operations of these lines from the Octoraro Railroad on July 1, 1994.	Delaware Valley Railway	1994
inception	The first migrants from the western parts of Russia appeared in the area of today's Spassk-Dalny in 1886.	Spassk-Dalny	1886
inception	Lalgola College, established in 2006, is a general degree college in Lalgola, Murshidabad district.	Lalgola College	2006
inception	Gold was discovered in Boksburg in 1887.	Boksburg	1887
inception	Bark Psychosis are an English post-rock band/musical project from east London formed in 1986.	Bark Psychosis	1986
inception	Mercury Communications was a national telephone company in the United Kingdom, formed in 1981 as a subsidiary of Cable & Wireless, to challenge the then-monopoly of British Telecom (BT).	Mercury Communications	1981
inception	Sandvik is a global company founded in 1862 by Göran Fredrik Göransson in Sandviken, Sweden.	Sandvik	1862
inception	Pelangi Air was incorporated in 1987 to service the domestic sector and international destinations.	Pelangi Air	1987
inception	Wang Laboratories was a computer company founded in 1951 by Dr. An Wang and Dr. G. Y. Chu.	Wang Laboratories	1951
inception	Syrian Drama TV (Arabic قناة سورية دراما, literal translation is a government owned television station based in Damascus, Syria since 1 January 2009. Syria TV and Syrian Drama TV broadcasts were stopped on Hotbird on 22 October 2012.	Syrian Drama TV	2009
inception	The Minu-Sepehr Aerospace University (MAU), founded in 2008 and headquartered in Los Angeles, California, is a flight training nonprofit organization in the United States.	Minu-Sepehr Aerospace University	2008
inception	In 2009, BAFTA Scotland held the very first British Academy Scotland New Talent Awards.	British Academy Scotland New Talent Awards	2009
inception	Willamette Valley Fruit Company, LLC began in 1999 processing local fruits and berries in the Salem area.	Willamette Valley Fruit Company	1999
inception	The company is an LLC that describes itself as a movement that began in October 2015 with the release of its self titled documentary, Billions in Change.	Billions in Change	2015
inception	Eversheds was originally established in 1988 by a four-way merger between Manchester-based Alexander Tatham & Co, Sheffield-based Broomheads & Neals, Norwich-based Daynes Hill & Perks and Birmingham-based Evershed & Tomkinson.	Eversheds	1988
inception	In March of the same year, the New York City Police Museum non-profit corporation was created, and in April 1999, the museum opened, although the official unveiling was not held until January 19, 2000.	New York City Police Museum	1999
inception	Omega Phi Chi Sorority, Inc. (ΩΦΧ) is a national multicultural sorority that was established on November 9, 1988 at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey by eight women of Asian, African American, and Latina descent.	Omega Phi Chi	1988
inception	Artio Films is an Icelandic film production company founded in 2006 by Jon Gustafsson.	Artio Films	2006
inception	Nufront Co., Ltd. is a Chinese fabless semiconductor company founded in 2004 that provides system-on-chip solutions for tablets and smartphones.	Nufront	2004
inception	The Ludwigshafener Ruderverein von 1878 is the only rowing club in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany and also one of the oldest sport club of the city.	Ludwigshafener Ruderverein	1878
inception	Nations by the River was a side project by Luke Steele (Sleepy Jackson) Ohad Rein (Old Man River) and the Kahn Brothers (Gelbison) that occurred in 2003 to 2004.	Nations by the River	2003
inception	Top Stop Music is an independent record label founded by Puerto Rican producer, Sergio George in 2009 based in Delray Beach, Florida.	Top Stop Music	2009
inception	The World Recreational Scuba Training Council (WRSTC) was founded in 1999 and is dedicated to creating minimum recreational diving training standards for the various scuba diving certification agencies across the world.	World Recreational Scuba Training Council	1999
inception	WordAlive Publishers was founded in September 2001 by David Waweru, whose publishing career had begun at the University of Nairobi Press ten years earlier.	WordAlive Publishers	2001
inception	CFPV-FM signed on June 6, 2008 at 7:00am.	CFPV-FM	2008
inception	In 1996, the Chinese government established the China Center of Adoption Affairs (CCAA), prompting Snow Wu to found Great Wall China Adoption later that year.	Great Wall China Adoption	1996
inception	Founded in 1998 to publish academic and psychoanalytic titles, Other Press has since expanded to publish novels, short stories, nonfiction, poetry, and memoirs.	Other Press	1998
inception	Debrett's (/dᵻˈbrɛts/) is a specialist publisher, founded in 1769 with the publication of the first edition of The New Peerage.	Debrett's	1769
inception	The Catholic Worker Movement is a collection of autonomous communities of Catholics and their associates founded by Dorothy Day and Peter Maurin in 1933.	Catholic Worker Movement	1933
inception	The Bay Area School of Enterprise, also known as BASE, is a charter high school founded in 2001 in Alameda, California.	Bay Area School of Enterprise	2001
inception	Kappa Omicron Nu was established on February 21, 1990 through consolidation of Omicron Nu and Kappa Omicron Phi.	Kappa Omicron Nu	1990
inception	88 Fingers Louie is an American band from Chicago, Illinois, United States, which was formed in 1993.	88 Fingers Louie	1993
inception	Cabrits National Park occupies 1,313 acres (531 ha) and was established in 1986.	Cabrits National Park	1986
inception	Octapod was founded as an informal collective in 1996 by 'a group of artists and students who liked the idea of a public access media space - where people could create and browse interesting and unusual, non-mainstream media' (Healy, 2005).	Octapod	1996
inception	Graspop Metal Meeting is an annual metal festival in Dessel, Belgium that has taken place each year since 1996.	Graspop Metal Meeting	1996
inception	HKSI Pro Cycling Team is a Hong Kong-based UCI Continental cycling team established in 2014.	HKSI Pro Cycling Team	2014
inception	Ben Folds Five are an American alternative rock trio formed in 1993 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.	Ben Folds Five	1993
inception	The second Force K was formed in October 1941 at Malta to operate against convoys sailing from Italy to Libya.	Force K	1941
inception	RCA Music Group was an umbrella group of labels distributed by Sony Music Entertainment that existed between March 2004 and 2009 and for a short period of time between July 2011 and October 2011 until all RCA Music Group labels were merged with RCA Records.	RCA Music Group	2004	2011
inception	JML Direct TV originally launched on Sky channel 664, on 1 October 2002 as JML Direct.	JML Direct TV	2002
inception	Following a press conference on September 14, 2006, the 150-million Canadian dollar phase I of Quartier DIX30 was opened to the public by the developer (Devimco Real Estate Development Firm	Quartier DIX30	2006
inception	The Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC; Chinese: 香港貿易發展局) is a statutory body established in 1966 as the international marketing arm for Hong Kong-based manufacturers, traders and service providers.	Hong Kong Trade Development Council	1966
inception	FreedomPop was co-founded by Stephen Stokols, CEO and Steven Sesar in 2011.	FreedomPop	2011
inception	Chennaiyin FC is an Indian Super League football franchise based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu which began to play in October 2014 during the inaugural season of the Indian Super League.	Chennaiyin FC	2014
inception	The Little Review, an American literary magazine founded by Margaret Anderson, published literary and art work from 1914 to 1929.	The Little Review	1914
inception	It was converted into the ``Ruttonjee Hospital'', a 600-bed general hospital, in 1991 not only because the number of patients suffering from tuberculosis had decreased, but also because patients are increasingly treated by out-patient chemotherapy.	Ruttonjee Hospital	1991
inception	Fury Records was set up by Bobby Robinson in 1957.	Fury Records	1957
inception	Justin.tv was a website created by Justin Kan, Emmett Shear, Michael Seibel, and Kyle Vogt in 2007 that allowed anyone to broadcast video online.	Justin.tv	2007
inception	The Oberschule zum Dom, a grammar school in Lübeck and the Schleswig-Holstein area of Germany was founded in 1905 during the final years of the German Empire under Kaiser Wilhelm II. The school survived the bombing carried out on the city of Lübeck by the Royal Air Force during the second world war.	Oberschule zum Dom	1905
inception	ATCO was founded in 1947, by S. Don Southern who gave a minority stake to his son Ron Southern, under the name Alberta Trailer Hire, renting fifteen utility trailers in the Calgary area.	ATCO	1947
inception	Celeritas automobiles were then assembled using French engines at the Gräf workshops, and in 1904 the gentlemen founded a joint company, named Gräf & Stift.	Gräf & Stift	1904
inception	The Marbella International Film Festival has been held in Marbella on the Costa del Sol in Spain since 2006.	Marbella International Film Festival	2006
inception	Founded in 2007, Amsterdam Airlines used to provide both charter and wet lease services.	Amsterdam Airlines	2007
inception	H-Blockx is a rock band founded in Münster, Germany in 1991.	H-Blockx	1991
inception	Bremenfly was founded in 2008, received its AOC on 15 April 2009 and started operations on 20 May of the same year, originally being based at Bremen Airport.	Bremenfly	2008
inception	Oberoi International School is an International School in Mumbai, India, it was opened on the 17 July 2008, and is directed by Ms. Bindu Oberoi, who has directed it since the school was started.	Oberoi International School	2008
inception	Nepal Bangladesh Bank Ltd. was established in June 1994 with an authorized capital of Rs. 240 million and Paid up capital of Rs. 60 million as a Joint Venture Bank with IFIC Bank Ltd. and Bank Asia Ltd. of Bangladesh.	Nepal Bangladesh Bank	1994
inception	After a Labor Day Weekend stunt during which the song ``Rats in the Cellar'' by Aerosmith was aired continuously, WRAT flipped to rock and roll on Labor Day Monday, 1996.	WRAT	1996
inception	Santa Semeli and the Monks is a music group formed in London in 2013 by Semeli Economou and Haraldur Ágústsson.	Santa Semeli and the Monks	2013
inception	Expanding on the work of the WTU and preparing for the community transition to the Helicopter Maritime Strike (HSM) mission, the Helicopter Maritime Strike Weapons School Pacific (HSMWSP) was officially established in 2005 as an Echelon V command.	Helicopter Maritime Strike Weapons School Pacific	2005
inception	Habonim Dror (Hebrew: הַבּוֹנִים דְּרוֹר, ``The Builders-Freedom'') is the evolution of two Jewish Labour Zionist youth movements that merged in 1982.	Habonim Dror	1982
inception	Das Fürlines appeared on the US TV shows Entertainment Tonight and Andy Warhol's 15 Minutes in 1985, and released their debut album Das Fürlines Go Hog Wild on their own label, Palooka Records.	Das Fürlines	1985
inception	The Dallas Times Herald, founded in 1888 by a merger of the Dallas Times and the Dallas Herald, was once one of two major daily newspapers serving the Dallas, Texas (USA) area.	Dallas Times Herald	1888
inception	Cruise & Maritime Voyages was formed in 2009, by parent organisation Cruise & Maritime Services International, after German based Transocean Tours (for whom they were the UK representative) filed for bankruptcy.	Cruise & Maritime Voyages	2009
inception	Established in 2006, Fleet Canada Inc. has not been affiliated with Magellan Aerospace Inc since the closure of Fleet Aircraft in 2003.	Fleet Canada	2006
inception	Cedar Ridge School District was created in 2003 from the consolidation of the Newark, Cord and Charlotte communities and encompasses 266.57 square miles (690.4 km2) of land.	Cedar Ridge School District	2003
inception	Tubefilter News (launched June 2008), a trade publication for the online entertainment industry.	Tubefilter	2008
inception	The University of Fairfax was founded by the non-profit Potomac Education Foundation in 2002.	University of Fairfax	2002
inception	Gazi Medical College (GMC) (Bengali: গাজী মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a private medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2011.	Gazi Medical College	2011
inception	Mage Solar was established in 2007 as a limited company.	Mage Solar	2007
inception	RC Optical Systems was started 1998 and was located in Flagstaff, Arizona.	RC Optical Systems	1998
inception	JCNetwork e.V. was founded by seven student consultancies in 2002.	JCNetwork	2002
inception	Imation was started in 1996, when 3M spun off its data storage business.	Imation	1996
inception	Russian Arctic National Park (Russian: Национальный парк ``Русская Арктика'') is a national park of Russia, which was established in June 2009.	Russian Arctic National Park	2009
inception	The 15th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Latvian) was an Infantry Division of the Waffen SS during World War II. It was formed in February 1943, and together with its sister unit, the 19th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian) formed the Latvian Legion.	15th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Latvian)	1943
inception	RAAF University Squadrons were formed in each state of Australia in 1950 as part of the Citizen Air Force (CAF).	RAAF University Squadrons	1950
inception	Sagor Bilingual School was founded in 1999 by Taiwanese real estate businessman Glory Yeh.	Sagor Bilingual School	1999
inception	State-X New Forms is an independent festival for independent music culture such as avant garde music, noise rock, indie rock, IDM, held in The Hague, Netherlands since 2004.	State-X	2004
inception	Superior Essex was formed by a merger of Essex Wire Corporation and Superior Cable in April 1999.	Superior Essex	1999
inception	The Osaka Auto Messe (大阪オートメッセ) is an annual auto show that is held at Intex Osaka in Osaka, Japan since 1997.	Osaka Auto Messe	1997
inception	In 2004, Rio Tinto announced that Robe and Hamersley would start merging operations under the new Pilbara Iron entity.	Pilbara Iron	2004
inception	Cordiant Communications Group was an advertising agency conglomerate in business from 1995 to 2003.	Cordiant Communications Group	1995
inception	The Specsavers National Book Awards, or simply National Book Awards -- previously known as the Galaxy National Book Awards (2010--11);	Specsavers National Book Awards	2010
inception	The Little Rock Marathon, started in 2003, is an annual marathon held in Little Rock, Arkansas.	Little Rock Marathon	2003
inception	Dominican Wings received its AOC from the Dominican Republic's civil aviation authority in late 2014 and plans to offer charter flights between the Dominican Republic to Mexico, Trinidad and Tobago and Argentina for and on behalf of tour operators.	Dominican Wings	2014
inception	The name Genencor originates with Genencor, Inc., the original joint venture between Genentech and Corning Incorporated, which was founded in 1982.	Genencor	1982
inception	Soleil Moon is an adult contemporary band founded in 1999 by musicians Larry King and John Blasucci.	Soleil Moon	1999
inception	Mors Principium Est (Latin for ``death is the beginning'') is a Finnish melodic death metal band formed in 1999.	Mors Principium Est	1999
inception	The Minneapolis and St. Louis Railway (M&StL) (reporting mark MSTL) was an American Class I railroad that built and operated lines radiating south and west from Minneapolis, Minnesota which existed for 90 years from 1870 to 1960.	Minneapolis and St. Louis Railway	1870
inception	Alfons Hymer, the father of Erwin Hymer, had operated a repair shop in Bad Waldsee since 1923.	Hymer	1923
inception	FutureChurch was founded in 1990 in Cleveland, Ohio, by Fr. Louis Trivison, Sr. Christine Schenk, and others.	FutureChurch	1990
inception	But by 1992, April Wine returned to the stage, starting with a free concert in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba.	April Wine	1992
inception	Goldmund is a Swiss Luxury high end audio brand founded in 1978.	Goldmund	1978
inception	Updata was founded in 2003 by Richard Bennett and Victor Baldorino, who remain the company's Executive Directors.	Updata	2003
inception	Eisregen is a German death metal and dark metal band which formed in 1995.	Eisregen	1995
inception	The Supreme Council of Ethnic Hellenes (Ύπατο Συμβούλιο των Ελλήνων Εθνικών, Ýpato Symvoúlio to̱n Ellí̱no̱n Ethnikó̱n), commonly known as YSEE, is a non-profit umbrella organisation in Greece established in 1997 to defend and restore the Hellenic ethnic religion in contemporary Greek society.	Supreme Council of Ethnic Hellenes	1997
inception	Dol Theeta is a progressive metal band formed in 2008 by Greek music composer Thanasis Lightbridge.	Dol Theeta	2008
inception	In order to ensure a museum function in the building, the agreement also resulted in the establishment of the Centre d'histoire de Montréal in 1983.	Centre d'histoire de Montréal	1983
inception	WSCF-FM began broadcasts on February 1, 1990, and was the first contemporary Christian radio station to serve the Treasure Coast and Space Coast areas of Florida.	WSCF-FM	1990
inception	The Ibadan Peoples Party (IPP) was established on June 15, 1951, by a group of eminent Ibadan indigenes who opposed the politics of tribalism and personality, which held sway in the Yorùbá dominated Western Region, Nigeria in the 1950s.	Ibadan Peoples Party	1951
inception	Dongqu Subdistrict (Chinese: 东区; pinyin: Dōng Qū; Jyutping: dung1 keoi1), also known as East Subdistrict, or Eastern Subdistrict, is a subdistrict of Zhongshan City, Guangdong, China, which was established in 1987.	Dongqu Subdistrict	1987
inception	Extasy Records is a Japanese record label founded in April 1986 by Yoshiki Hayashi, co-founder of the heavy metal band X Japan.	Extasy Records	1986
inception	The ABA Museum of Law, opened in November 1996 in Chicago, Illinois by the American Bar Association, was the only national museum that focuses on the role of law and the legal profession in America and throughout the world.	ABA Museum of Law	1996
inception	David Caton founded the organization now known as the Florida Family Association in 1987, which at the time, was operating as the American Family Association.	Florida Family Association	1987
inception	Hotel X is a world music/jazz group founded in 1992 in Richmond, Virginia, by Tim Harding and Ron T. Curry as a setting to explore electric bass duets.	Hotel X	1992
inception	Sekai Project originated in 2007 as a fan translation group translating the visual novel School Days.	Sekai Project	2007
inception	Co-founders Daniel Todary and Jonathan Broom set up Ecoigo in April 2006 as the ecologically sustainable alternative to pollution caused by public and private transport in central London.	Ecoigo	2006
inception	Titan Studios was an American video game developer founded in June 2008 by the core team previously working as DarkStar Industries.	Titan Studios	2008
inception	Coloplast was founded in 1957 by Aage Louis-Hansen, and his son Niels Peter Louis-Hansen owns 20% of the company and is Deputy chairman.	Coloplast	1957
inception	On 22 July 1997, during its 3802nd meeting, the United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 1121, in which it established the Dag Hammarskjöld Medal.	Dag Hammarskjöld Medal	1997
inception	The company SilverStone Technology Co., Ltd was founded in 2003 by former Cooler Master employees.	SilverStone Technology	2003
inception	The trio went on to keep the Foster-Miller Associates name and in 1956 formally opened Foster-Miller Associates in Waltham, Massachusetts.	Foster-Miller	1956
inception	The British Construction Industry Awards (BCI Awards or BCIA) were launched by the New Civil Engineer magazine and Thomas Telford Ltd - both owned by the Institution of Civil Engineers - in 1998.	British Construction Industry Awards	1998
inception	Alto Purús National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Alto Purús) is a national park in the Amazon rainforest area of Peru, created on November 18, 2004.	Alto Purús National Park	2004
inception	The Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation (RMEF) is a conservation organization, founded in the United States in 1984 by four hunters from Troy, Montana (Bob Munson, Bill Munson, Dan Bull and Charlie Decker).	Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation	1984
inception	Founded in 2006, the ICT Roller Girls became the first women's roller derby team in Kansas.	ICT Roller Girls	2006
inception	The Headington Shark (proper name Untitled 1986) is a rooftop sculpture at 2 New High Street, Headington, Oxford, England, depicting an oversized shark embedded head-first in the roof of a house.	The Headington Shark	1986
inception	Emmanuel Y Linda is a Mexican-American Alternative & Modern Pop duo, from Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico, formed in 2010.	Emmanuel Y Linda	2010
inception	Kostars was an alternative/pop-rock side project formed by Vivian Trimble and Jill Cunniff while on a headlining tour with Luscious Jackson in 1995.	Kostars	1995
inception	Terminaator is an Estonian rock group formed in 1987 by Arno Veimer and Jaagup Kreem in Tallinn 10.	Terminaator	1987
inception	The Central European Chamber Orchestra is a Vienna-based Chamber Orchestra founded in 2005.	Central European Chamber Orchestra	2005
inception	Volgograd (Russian: Волгогра́д; IPA: (vəlɡɐˈɡrat)), formerly Tsaritsyn (Russian: Цари́цын​ ), 1589--1925, and Stalingrad (Russian: Сталингра́д​ ), 1925--1961, is an important industrial city and the administrative center of Volgograd Oblast, Russia.	Volgograd	1589
inception	The College of Engineering, Pathanapuram (In Malayalam : പത്തനാപുരം എഞ്ചിനീയറിംഗ് കോളേജ്),( Entrance Commissioner's Code: PEC ) was started in 2011.	College of Engineering, Pathanapuram	2011
inception	NASA Astronaut Group 10 (nicknamed ``The Maggots'') were selected in 1984 and consisted of seven pilots and ten mission specialists.	NASA Astronaut Group 10	1984
inception	The New Future Coalition Party (Norwegian: Samlingspartiet Ny Fremtid, SNF) was a Norwegian political party, which was founded by Member of Parliament Finn Thoresen in 1993.	New Future Coalition Party	1993
inception	The Canadian Film Institute (CFI) was incorporated in 1935 as a federally chartered, non-governmental, non-profit cultural organization.	Canadian Film Institute	1935
inception	SeaWeb was founded in 1996 by the Environment Group of the Pew Charitable Trust as an initiative to promote ocean conservation issues for US Americans.	SeaWeb	1996
inception	Washburn University was established in February 1865 as Lincoln College by a charter issued by the State of Kansas and the General Association of Congregational Ministers and Churches of Kansas on land donated by abolitionist John Ritchie.	Washburn University	1865
inception	In 2004, catalog marketer Direct Marketing Services Inc. (DMSI), an Iowa-based direct marketing company, purchased much of the intellectual property assets of the former Wards, including the ``Montgomery Ward'' and ``Wards'' trademarks, for an undisclosed amount of money.	Montgomery Ward	2004
inception	They were reformed as FC Lausanne-Sport for the 2003--04 season and had to begin play at the fourth tier.	FC Lausanne-Sport	2003
inception	Left Socialist Accord (in Spanish: Acuerdo Socialista de Izquierda), was a political alliance in Peru founded in 1989 by three groups that left IU:	Left Socialist Accord	1989
inception	Primordial Undermind is a critically acclaimed experimental/psychedelic rock band, begun in 1988 when guitarist Eric Arn of Connecticut's Crystalized Movements (the 80's band of guitar hero Wayne Rogers of Major Stars, Magic Hour) moved to California, and continuing today in Austria.	Primordial Undermind	1988
inception	Sibling Rivalry Press is a small press publishing house based in Little Rock, Arkansas founded by Bryan Borland in 2010.	Sibling Rivalry Press	2010
inception	The Talvivaara Mining Company was established in 2004 when it acquired the rights to mine sites at Sotkamo in Eastern Finland from Outokumpu.	Talvivaara Mining Company	2004
inception	American Momentum Bank started in 2006 as the largest startup market capitalization of any financial institution in Florida state history with $100 million in start-up capital.	American Momentum Bank	2006
inception	Orange Goblin, previously Our Haunted Kingdom, are a heavy metal band from the United Kingdom that formed in 1995.	Orange Goblin	1995
inception	The Blood Arm were formed in LA in 2002.	The Blood Arm	2002
inception	The Bo-Weevils were a psychedelic rock band blending psychedelic music, pop music, garage rock and rock music which formed in early 1985.	The Bo-Weevils	1985
inception	Ceremonial Castings began in the late fall of 1996.	Ceremonial Castings	1996
inception	Polsat Sport News launches officially on May 30, 2011 at 7:00.	Polsat Sport News	2011
inception	Because the present day U.S. Air Force evolved from the U.S. Army, it was only natural that a separate Air National Guard would be established with the divestiture of the former U.S. Army Air Forces and its establishment as a separate and independent U.S. Air Force in 1947.	Air National Guard	1947
inception	PetroChina was established as a joint stock company with limited liabilities under the Company Law of the People's Republic of China (the PRC) on November 5, 1999, as part of the restructuring of CNPC.	PetroChina	1999
inception	Opera Atelier, a Canadian Baroque opera company was founded in 1985 in Toronto by husband and wife duo Marshall Pynkoski and Jeannette Lajeunesse Zingg.	Opera Atelier	1985
inception	Mueller Water Products was incorporated as a standalone business on September 22, 2005, but the company traces the history of its business units, subsidiaries and brands back as far as 1850, when Frederick Grinnell purchased a controlling stake in Providence Steam and Gas Pipe, Co., the forerunner to Anvil International.	Mueller Water Products	2005
inception	LSS Voinţa Sibiu is a Romanian football team from Sibiu, Sibiu County, founded in 2012 as a fan-owned phoenix club of the dissolved CSU Voința Sibiu.	LSS Voinţa Sibiu	2012
inception	The Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League (PGCBL) is a 10-team collegiate summer baseball league founded in 2010.	Perfect Game Collegiate Baseball League	2010
inception	The Emirate of Jabal Shammar was established in 1836 and throughout most of its existence was in feud with the House of Saud over control of Nejd.	Emirate of Jabal Shammar	1836
inception	A congress of people chose to change the name of their political party called Khmer National Front Party to the Norodom Ranariddh Party on 16 November 2006 and elected Prince Samdech Krom Preah Norodom Ranariddh as the president of NRP.	Norodom Ranariddh Party	16 November 2006
inception	Tonfön is a Tongan telecommunications company, founded in 2002 by its chairman, (at that time Crown Prince) Tupoutoʻa.	Tonfön	2002
inception	Destan Entertainment is a computer game developer from Poland established in 2003.	Destan Entertainment	2003
inception	On 28 June 2008, Estonian Left Party (a socialist party, comprising most of the remains of the Communist Party of Estonia) and the Constitution Party (one of two parties representing the Russian minority in Estonia) merged to form the Estonian United Left Party (Eestimaa Ühendatud Vasakpartei).	Estonian United Left Party	28 June 2008
inception	Founded in 1991, Muze, Inc. is a business-to-business provider of media information, metadata, and digital preview samples that enable search, discovery, and purchase of digital entertainment content.	Muze	1991
inception	Batken Region was created on 12 October 1999, from the westernmost section of Osh Region.	Batken Region	1999
inception	Attract China, headquartered in Boston, MA and with operations in Beijing, China, was co-founded by Evan Saunders and Sam Goodman in 2011.	Attract China	2011
inception	Cruel Hand is an American hardcore punk band from Portland, Maine that formed in 2006.	Cruel Hand	2006
inception	The Emerald Coast Classic is an 8 team college basketball tournament held during Thanksgiving of NCAA Division I men's basketball season, with the inaugural tournament beginning in 2014.	Emerald Coast Classic	2014
inception	Prompted by the business expansion of the Octopus card, Octopus Holdings Limited was formed in 2005 after a company restructure of Octopus card operator Octopus Cards Limited.	Octopus Holdings Limited	2005
inception	Nicotine Records is an indie label formed in 1999.	Nicotine Records	1999
inception	The Riber Award had its official beginning in 2002 but dates back to the time when film production became a part of the education program at Humanistic Informatics.	The Riber Award	2002
inception	UNOVIS (also known as MOLPOSNOVIS and POSNOVIS) was a short-lived but influential group of Russian artists, founded and led by Kazimir Malevich at the Vitebsk Art School in 1919.	UNOVIS	1919
inception	Weird Shapes is an English indie-rock and pop band that was established in 2010.	Weird Shapes	2010
inception	Eagle Ridge Hospital opened its doors in 1984 and operates a 24-hour emergency department, ambulatory, long-term care and acute care programs.	Eagle Ridge Hospital	1984
inception	Woe of Tyrants is an American death metal band from Chillicothe, Ohio, which formed in 2004.	Woe of Tyrants	2004
inception	The Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust (RGCT) is a registered non-profit institution, established in 2002 ``to commemorate and take forward the vision of Rajiv Gandhi --	Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust	2002
inception	The 2013 Kathmandu Debates commenced with educational tracks focused on providing knowledge of debating in the Karl Popper Debating Championship Format to the students in Nepal.	Kathmandu Debates	2013
inception	GWR Records were an independent record label active in the UK from 1986 through to 1991.	GWR Records	1986
inception	Zahor Chocolates was a Spanish professional cycling team that was active between 1985 and 1989.	Zahor Chocolates	1985
inception	Fouga (also Known as Air Fouga) was a French manufacturing company established by Gaston Fouga at Béziers in 1920.	Fouga	1920
inception	On October 13, 1919, Jõgeva became a borough and on May 1, 1938 a town.	Jõgeva	1938
inception	Tudihui (徒弟会) or Mentuhui, or Narrow Gate (kuangye zhaimen), is a Chinese sect founded in 1989 in Yaoquan, Shaanxi, by a farmer called Li Sanbao (李三保).	Tudihui	1989
inception	On March 26, 2005, the university cabinet have had a resolution to rename the Health Sciences Research Institute again as ``Naresuan University Hospital'' and combined as a part of Faculty of Medicine Naresuan University to be the faculty's primary teaching hospital.	Naresuan University Hospital	2005
inception	The Promina Group, an Australian and New Zealand insurance company (2003--07), formerly had listing on the Australian and New Zealand stock-exchanges.	Promina Group	2003
inception	Maersk Air Ltd, trading as Maersk Air UK, was a British airline which operated between 1993 and 2003.	Maersk Air UK	1993
inception	Novosibirsk, founded in 1893 at the future site of a Trans-Siberian Railway bridge crossing the great Siberian river of Ob, first received the name Novonikolayevsk (Новониколаевск), in honor both of Saint Nicholas and of the reigning Tsar Nicholas II in place of Krivoshchekovskaya village, which was founded in 1696.	Novosibirsk	1893
inception	JK Jalgpallihaigla is an Estonian football club based in Tallinn and was founded in 1994.	JK Jalgpallihaigla	1994
inception	Founded in 2002, Crescendo Networks manufactured and sold application delivery controllers which accelerate and optimize website and web application performance.	Crescendo Networks	2002
inception	The International Fiscal Association (IFA) was established in 1938 as the only non-governmental and non-sectoral international organisation dealing with fiscal matters.	International Fiscal Association	1938
inception	The Knickerbocker Club (known informally as The Knick), is a gentlemen's club in New York City founded in 1871.	Knickerbocker Club	1871
inception	Salt Publishing is an independent publisher whose origins date back to 1990 when poet John Kinsella launched Salt Magazine in Western Australia.	Salt Publishing	1990
inception	Air Europa started in 1986 (registered in Spain as Air España SA and previously known as such) as part of the British ILG-Air Europe Group and 75% owned by Spanish banks.	Air Europa	1986
inception	Eye Empire was an American rock group, formed in 2009, consisting of Corey Lowery and B.C. Kochmit, Donald Carpenter, Garrett Whitlock and Dixie Duncan.	Eye Empire	2009
inception	The party's first significant success was on February 8, 1953 with the election of 15 members of the Caledonian Union to the 25 seats General Council.	Caledonian Union	1953
inception	Chongqing F.C., the second club of Chongqing, was established by Chongqing Football Management Center on December 30, 2010.	Chongqing F.C.	2010
inception	Straitjacket Fits formed in Dunedin, New Zealand in 1986 and were a prominent band in the Flying Nun label's second wave of the Dunedin Sound.	Straitjacket Fits	1986
inception	Consisting of MC and producer Daniel Rankine (aka Mr Trials or simply Trials), MCs Adam Baker (aka Uncle Sesta or simply Sesta) and Matthew Honson (aka Sketchy Hons or simply Hons), and DJ Daniel Yates (aka Reflux), Funkoars was established in Adelaide around the year 1999.	Funkoars	1999
inception	In 1991, MZKT was spun off into a separate company; its former parent, MAZ, continues to make a broader range of heavy vehicles.	MZKT	1991
inception	The Polish United Workers' Party was established at the unification congress of the Communist Polish Workers' Party (PPR) and Polish Socialist Party (PPS) during meetings held from 15 to 21 December 1948.	Polish United Workers' Party	21 December 1948
inception	In 2005, Disney began an extensive renovation of Disney's Contemporary Resort, and it was completed in 2009.	Disney's Contemporary Resort	2009
inception	The Jan Campert Prize is a Dutch literary prize established in 1948, which is awarded annually for works of poetry by the Jan Campert Foundation.	Jan Campert Prize	1948
inception	Wild TV was launched in September 2004.	Wild TV	2004
inception	Cercle et Carré (Circle and Square) was a group of abstract artists in Paris, founded 1929 by Joaquin Torres Garcia and Michel Seuphor.	Cercle et Carré	1929
inception	In June 1914, the railway was renamed the Panhandle and Santa Fe Railway.	Panhandle and Santa Fe Railway	1914
inception	Alcyon originated from about 1890 when Edmond Gentil started the manufacture of bicycles in Neuilly, Seine.	Alcyon	1890
inception	Neas Energy was established in 1998 by four Danish energy supply companies;	Neas Energy	1998
inception	Taipei Futsal Association (Chinese: 台北市五人制足球協會) was established by the Taipei City Government in Taipei, Taiwan, on January 14, 2006.	Taipei Futsal Association	2006
inception	The Mikkeli Province (Finnish: Mikkelin lääni, Swedish: S:t Michels län) was a province of Finland from 1831 to 1997.	Mikkeli Province	1831
inception	The Free University of Brussels (French: Université Libre de Bruxelles) was a university in Brussels, Belgium established in 1834.	Free University of Brussels	1834
inception	The Globus Alliance was officially established in September 2003, out of the Globus Project that was established in 1995.	Globus Alliance	2003
inception	Founded in 1859 as Gautier, the company was renamed Gautier-Languereau in 1917 when Maurice Languereau became full partner with his uncle Henri Gautier.	Gautier-Languereau	1859
inception	Palo Alto Networks was founded in 2005 by Nir Zuk, a former engineer from Check Point and NetScreen Technologies.	Palo Alto Networks	2005
inception	Calling Festival (formerly Hyde Park Calling and Hard Rock Calling) is an annual music festival, formerly held in Hyde Park, London, from 2006 until 2012, and from 2013 in Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, London.	Calling Festival	2006
inception	Founded in 1928, the Harzwasserwerke were tasked with supplying drinking water, providing electrical power and flood protection.	Harzwasserwerke	1928
inception	Sotik Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya established for the 1997 elections.	Sotik Constituency	1997
inception	Grace Point Church, formerly known as Castle Hills Church Northwest, was started as a satellite campus of Castle Hills First Baptist Church in San Antonio, Texas, in November 1992.	Grace Point Church	1992
inception	The first Maker Faire was held on 22 -- 23 April 2006, at the San Mateo County Event Center.	Maker Faire	2006
inception	Let 3 (Flight 3) is a modern rock band from Rijeka, Croatia formed in 1987.	Let 3	1987
inception	This organisation was the Caribbean Support Initiative (CSI) which, in 2006, evolved into the Caribbean Child Support Initiative (CCSI) and, in 2011, evolved into the Foundation for the Development of Caribbean Children (FDCC).	Foundation for the Development of Caribbean Children	2011
inception	SV Gera whose football department joined Blau-Weiß Gera and Geraer KFC Dynamos in 2007 to form FV Gera Süd, which, in turn, changed its name to BSG Wismut Gera in 2009.	BSG Wismut Gera	2007
inception	LookSmart is an American, publicly traded, online advertising company founded in 1995.	LookSmart	1995
inception	The Call Aircraft Company (CAC or CallAir) was established by Reuel Call in 1939 at Afton, Wyoming to build a touring aircraft of his own design.	Call Aircraft Company	1939
inception	Small Brown Bike is a band from Marshall, Michigan, United States that started in 1996.	Small Brown Bike	1996
inception	Conflict Solutions International (CSI) is a small, nonpartisan, not-for-profit organization incorporated in February 2003 in the District of Columbia.	Conflict Solutions International	2003
inception	Malefice are a British heavy metal band from Reading, Berkshire, England, formed in 2003.	Malefice	2003
inception	City of the Fallen is a production music company based in Washington DC. Founded by Ryan Amon in 2009, the company produces music for movie trailers.	City of the Fallen	2009
inception	Dead Man's Hill is an electronic, death industrial, martial, neo-classical and post-industrial band founded in 1998 by Bart Piette, originally with the name ``The Klinik And The Mortuary''.	Dead Man's Hill	1998
inception	Dow Corning was formally established in 1943 to explore the potential of silicone and was a manufacturer of products for use by the U.S. military in World War II. The company began operating its first plant, in Midland, MI, in 1945.	Dow Corning	1943
inception	Although formed in 1951 as a successor to the Labour and Socialist International, it has antecedents to the late nineteenth century.	Socialist International	1951
inception	FBM Yaşamspor promoted to the TFF Third League after 2012-13 season.	FBM Yaşamspor	2012
inception	Air Mantra was founded in 2011 by Indian conglomerate Religare Group (which had operated an air charter branch in 2006), in order to get a grip on the airline market in northern India.	Air Mantra	2011
inception	Kate and Corey was started in 2010 in Buffalo, New York.	Kate and Corey	2010
inception	Intermountain Medical Center opened in October 2007, and several premature babies were Life Flighted to the hospital on the first day for better treatment and care.	Intermountain Medical Center	2007
inception	The company was founded in Hof an der Saale in 1917 by Johann Viessmann, and has been family owned for three generations.	Viessmann	1917
inception	The Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University Act, 1987 received the assent of the President of India on 24 September 1987.	Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University	1987
inception	Worcester Kings were an American soccer team, founded in 2002, who were members of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, until 2003, after which the team left the league and the franchise was terminated.	Worcester Kings	2002
inception	Gravity Entertainment was a film and television production company formed in 1997.	Gravity Entertainment	1997
inception	The inaugural World Science Festival took place from May 28 to June 1, 2008, at 22 venues throughout New York City.	World Science Festival	2008
inception	The warehouse was then converted to the Royal Malaysian Customs Department Museum and was opened on 25 August 2006.	Royal Malaysian Customs Department Museum	2006
inception	Wichita Northeast Magnet High School opened in 1990 as a secondary school of choice in the Community Education Center, originally called Mathewson Intermediate School.	Wichita Northeast Magnet High School	1990
inception	Tom Racer was a band that originated in the Los Angeles in 1997.	Tom Racer	1997
inception	The first Text, Speech and Dialogue conference took place in Brno in 1998.	Text, Speech and Dialogue	1998
inception	River Brass (Formerly the Bend in the River Brass Band) was established in 1991 as a community band.	River Brass	1991
inception	The Welsh Football Trust (Welsh: Ymddiriedolaeth Bêl-droed Cymru) (WFT) (founded 1996) is recognised as a governing body of sport in Wales by Sport Wales.	Welsh Football Trust	1996
inception	The office was renamed Sicherheitsdienst (SD) in the summer of 1932.	Sicherheitsdienst	1932
inception	NextEra Energy Partners is a limited partnership formed in 2014 by NextEra Energy.	NextEra Energy Partners	2014
inception	The İğneada Floodplain Forests National Park (Turkish: İğneada Longoz Ormanları Milli Parkı), established on November 13, 2007, is a national park located within Kırklareli Province in Marmara Region of Turkey.	İğneada Floodplain Forests National Park	2007
inception	In 1989, the next iteration of the Georgia and Alabama Railroad (reporting mark GAAB) was formed as a shortline railroad operating between Smithville, Georgia and White Oak, Alabama, 79 miles (127 km).	Georgia and Alabama Railroad	1989
inception	The Queensland Competition Authority (QCA) is an independent statutory authority, established in 1997 to promote competition as the basis for enhancing efficiency and growth in the Queensland economy.	Queensland Competition Authority	1997
inception	From 1997 to 2005 it was called Ambassador Suite and was developed and owned by GlobalSight Corp. that according to Red Herring magazine was one of the ``ten companies to watch'' in 1999.	GlobalSight	1997
inception	Éditions Al-Qalam is a French publishing house established in 1991.	Éditions Al-Qalam	1991
inception	Picaboo was founded in 2002 by longtime friends, and Babson College classmates, Howard Field and Kevin McCurdy.	Picaboo	2002
inception	GiveIndia was conceived in 1999 by IIM-A graduate Venkat Krishnan.	GiveIndia	1999
inception	Big Red Software, also known as The Big Red Software Company Ltd, was a computer game developer set up in the UK in 1988 by Paul Ranson.	Big Red Software	1988
inception	Teen Angels (or TeenAngels) is an Argentine pop band formed during the development of Cris Morena Group's series Casi Ángeles (2007--2010).	Teen Angels	2007
inception	Founded in Australian Capital Canberra in 2003, Dreamfarm's range includes innovative kitchenwares and homewares, with potato masher Smood the best-selling product.	Dreamfarm	2003
inception	The American Forces Network can trace its origins to May 26, 1942, when the War Department established the Armed Forces Radio Service (AFRS).	American Forces Network	1942
inception	Washington International University is an unaccredited institution of higher education founded in 1994 and currently incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.	Washington International University	1994
inception	TelePrompTer Corporation was a media company that existed from approximately 1950 until 1981.	TelePrompTer Corporation	1950
inception	Cloud Cult developed in 1995 as Craig Minowa recruited several other artists to contribute to his solo recordings.	Cloud Cult	1995
inception	Southern Manitoba Railway (reporting mark SMNR) was incorporated in July 1999 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Southern Manitoba Railway	1999
inception	MontenegroSong's first edition was on February 25, 2007.	MontenegroSong	2007
inception	Diagonal View is a Multi Channel Network founded in March 2008 by Matt Heiman and Steve Carey, together with ITN.	Diagonal View	2008
inception	EmazingLights, LLC is a California-based retail company founded in 2010 by company CEO Brian Lim.	EmazingLights	2010
inception	Aston University Engineering Academy is a university technical college (UTC) that opened in September 2012 in the Gosta Green area of Birmingham, West Midlands, England.	Aston University Engineering Academy	2012
inception	The Wondergirls are a rock supergroup and side project formed in 1999.	The Wondergirls	1999
inception	Universities Scotland was formed in 1992 as the Committee of Scottish Higher Education Principals (COSHEP) adopting its current name in 2000, when Universities UK was also formed.	Universities Scotland	1992
inception	In 1993 Nam Ha National Protected Area was initially decreed to cover 697 square kilometres (270 sq mi).	Nam Ha National Protected Area	1993
inception	The Dr. Samuel D. Harris National Museum of Dentistry -- located in Baltimore, Maryland, and opened in 1996 -- preserves and exhibits the history of dentistry in United States and throughout the world.	National Museum of Dentistry	1996
inception	Johnson State College is a small public liberal arts college, founded in 1828 by John Chesamore at Johnson in the U.S. state of Vermont.	Johnson State College	1828
inception	Blumfeld was founded in 1990 by members of the then-defunct bands Der Schwarze Kanal and Bienenjäger.	Blumfeld	1990
inception	The settlement of Kharovskaya (Харовская), also known as Kharovsky (Харовский), was founded in 1903 in relation with the construction of a glass factory.	Kharovsk	1903
inception	The Dragon Academy was founded in 2000 by Dr. Meg Fox, who is also its Principal, and has been in operation since September 2001.	The Dragon Academy	2001
inception	Following the collapse of Barre's government in early 1991, local authorities, led by the SNM, declared independence from Somalia on 18 May of the same year and reinstated the borders of the former short-lived independent State of Somaliland.	Somaliland	1991
inception	Waking the Cadaver was an American deathcore band from Jersey Shore, which formed in January 2006.	Waking the Cadaver	2006
inception	Reuters Insider is a website provided by Thomson Reuters that offers financial videos for viewing online, and launched on May 11, 2010.	Reuters Insider	2010
inception	Originally registered as Air Berlin USA, the company was founded in 1978 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lelco, an American agricultural enterprise headquartered in Oregon, to operate charter flights on behalf of German tour operators from Berlin Tegel Airport, mostly to Mediterranean holiday resorts.	Air Berlin	1978
inception	Oyak-Renault was established in 1969 by Renault, Oyak and Yapi Kredi Bank, starting production two years later.	Oyak-Renault	1969
inception	EasyGroup (styled as easyGroup, incorporated as EasyGroup Holdings Ltd), founded in 1998, is the holding company controlling the ``easy'' group of companies.	EasyGroup	1998
inception	Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross was a constituency of the Scottish Parliament (Holyrood), in use between 1999 and 2011.	Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross	1999
inception	The Dubai Tennis Championships debuted at the Aviation Club in 1993 as an ATP 250 tournament.	Dubai Tennis Championships	1993
inception	NORC at the University of Chicago is one of the largest independent social research organizations in the United States, established in 1941.	NORC at the University of Chicago	1941
inception	RTS Deux, launched on 1 September 1997 as TSR2 and renamed in 2012, is the second Swiss public television channel owned by Radio Télévision Suisse (RTS); the other is RTS Un.	RTS Deux	1997
inception	The Associated Press College Football Coach of the Year Award is an award that is given annually since 1998 to NCAA college football's national coach of the year.	Associated Press College Football Coach of the Year Award	1998
inception	The Royal Naval Minewatching Service (RNMWS) was a civilian organisation formed in 1952 as part of the auxiliary forces of the British Naval Service.	Royal Naval Minewatching Service	1952
inception	Canesta is a fabless semiconductor company founded in April 1999 by Cyrus Bamji, Abbas Rafii, and Nazim Kareemi.	Canesta	1999
inception	The Armed Boats Squadron Dubrovnik (Croatian: Odred naoružanih brodova Dubrovnik) was a volunteer unit of the Croatian Navy that ran the naval blockade during the siege of Dubrovnik which formed part of the Croatian War of Independence in 1991--1992.	Armed Boats Squadron Dubrovnik	1991
inception	Flat Earth Productions is a special effects company created in 1995 to provide the effects to the television series Xena:	Flat Earth Productions	1995
inception	Galerie Richard is an international art gallery that specializes in contemporary art founded in 1989 by Jean-Luc and Takako Richard.	Galerie Richard	1989
inception	Secretly Canadian was started in 1996 by Chris and Ben Swanson, Eric Weddle, and Jonathan Cargill.	Secretly Canadian	1996
inception	The Kingdom of Scotland (Scots: Kinrick o Scotland; Scottish Gaelic: Rìoghachd na h-Alba) was a state in north-west Europe traditionally said to have been founded in 843, which joined with the Kingdom of England to form a unified Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707.	Kingdom of Scotland	843
inception	Luna Halo was a rock band formed in 1999 by Nathan Barlowe and Jonny MacIntosh, as a replacement for their former band, Reality Check, which was well known for its hip-hop and rock blend, its dancers, and its trumpet player.	Luna Halo	1999
inception	Formed in early 2001, The Agony Scene was the brainchild of three Tulsa musicians:	The Agony Scene	2001
inception	West Florida High School of Advanced Technology opened in August 2001 with 325 ninth graders.	West Florida High School of Advanced Technology	2001
inception	The first Handmade Arcade was held in 2004 at Construction Junction in Point Breeze.	Handmade Arcade	2004
inception	The Eastern Tornadoes were formed in 1999 to compete in the Auckland Rugby League's Super 12 competition.	Eastern Tornadoes	1999
inception	The Conseil national du numérique (French Digital Council, abbreviated CNNum or less commonly CNN) is a French independent advisory commission created on 29 April 2011 by the French presidential decree n°2011-476.	Conseil national du numérique	29 April 2011
inception	Marvin and Tamara were a duo from the United Kingdom who were active from 1999 to 2000.	Marvin and Tamara	1999
inception	The Fred Biletnikoff Award is presented annually to the outstanding receiver in American college football by the Tallahassee Quarterback Club Foundation, Inc. (TQCF), an independent not-for-profit organization which created the award in 1994 and has sponsored it since.	Fred Biletnikoff Award	1994
inception	The United Restitution Organization (URO) was established in 1948 as a legal aid service to assist victims of Nazi persecution living outside Germany in making restitution and indemnification claims against Germany and Austria.	United Restitution Organization	1948
inception	Bambino Mio was founded in 1997 by husband and wife Guy and Jo Schanschieff, after noting similar businesses in New York and Australia.	Bambino Mio	1997
inception	Gana Mukti Sangram Asom (Assamese:গণ মুক্তি সংগ্ৰাম অসম) is a regional Indian political party of Assam, founded on 20 March 2015, at Maran, Assam.	Gana Mukti Sangram Asom	2015
inception	The Museum of Latin American Art (MOLAA) was founded by Dr. Robert Gumbiner in 1996 in Long Beach, California, United States and serves the greater Los Angeles area.	Museum of Latin American Art	1996
inception	Radio Plymouth was launched at 10am on Sunday 28 February 2010 by television presenter Phillip Schofield, an investor in the station.	Radio Plymouth	2010
inception	Miss Heritage Pageant was authored and Created by the Founding Former President Tare Munzara and Co Founder Ronald Tisauke in Zimbabwe in 2012 during a visit at a World Heritage Site in Zimbabwe (The Victoria Falls).	Miss Heritage	2012
inception	Together with associated lakes, the Gosaikunda Lake complex is 1,030 ha (4.0 sq mi) in size and has been designated a Ramsar site on 29 September 2007.	Gosaikunda	2007
inception	Wester Hailes railway station is a railway station opened in 1987 by British Rail serving Wester Hailes in the city of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Wester Hailes railway station	1987
inception	Hong Kah Secondary School (HKSS) started operation in 1994 with 14 Secondary One classes.	Hong Kah Secondary School	1994
inception	Maryslim is a rock band from Sweden that was founded in 1999.	Maryslim	1999
inception	Bo-Dyn Bobsled Project, Inc. is a bobsled constructor, founded in 1992 by former NASCAR driver and 1986 Daytona 500 winner Geoff Bodine, to collaborate in the design, manufacture and supply of U.S.-built racing sleds for the United States Bobsled and Skeleton Federation (USBSF).	Bo-Dyn Bobsled Project	1992
inception	Assück was an American grindcore band from Saint Petersburg Florida, active from 1987 to 1998.	Assück	1987
inception	Positec launched early versions of WORX tools in China in 2004.	WORX	2004
inception	The Universidade Aberta (Portuguese for Open University) or UAb is a Portuguese distance education public university, created in 1988.	Universidade Aberta	1988
inception	Liquid Graveyard is a death metal band formed in 2006, by John Walker, frontman and guitarist in the British death metal band Cancer and with Adrian de Buitléar, ex bassist in Mourning Beloveth, an Irish band, and Raquel Walker on vocals.	Liquid Graveyard	2006
inception	The Aeronautical literary festival (in French : Salon du livre aéronautique) is a trade fair devoted to aeronautical books and writing created in 2009 and organized each year in Toulouse (campus of ENAC) by the École nationale de l'aviation civile and the ENAC Alumni association.	Aeronautical literary festival	2009
inception	British Solomon Islands Protectorate was first declared over the southern Solomons in 1893, when Captain Gibson R.N., of HMS Curacoa, declared the southern islands a British Protectorate.	British Solomon Islands	1893
inception	From 1996 to 2000 Brokat Technologies (formerly listed at the NASDAQ and the German Neuer Markt) was one of the German shooting stars of the New Economy age.	Brokat	1996
inception	Revolutionary Comics (1989--1994) was a U.S. comic book publisher which specialized in unauthorized profiles of entertainers and professional athletes, as well as a line of erotic comics.	Revolutionary Comics	1989
inception	The Institute of Welsh Maritime Historical Studies (otherwise known as Morol) was established in 2005 in order to raise awareness of Welsh maritime history and heritage.	Welsh Maritime Historical Studies	2005
inception	HotChaCha formed in 2007 when Jovana Batkovic and Mandy Aramouni decided to start a band over coffee at the West Side Market, and later enlisted Lisa Paulovcin to play drums.	HotChaCha	2007
inception	Reno Air was founded in June 1990 by Frontier Airlines alumnus Joseph Lorenzo and Midway Airlines executive Jeff Erickson.	Reno Air	1990
inception	Or, The Whale is a San Francisco based Americana band, formed in 2006.	Or, The Whale	2006
inception	The Leon M. Goldstein High School for the Sciences at Kingsborough Community College, CUNY, formerly Kingsborough High School for the Sciences at Kingsborough Community College, CUNY from 1993 to 1999 is a four-year high school (grades 9-12), located in Manhattan Beach, Brooklyn, New York.	The Leon M. Goldstein High School for the Sciences	1993
inception	Oh, The Story! formed after lead vocalist James Larson left the Baltimore-based band, The Late Night, in 2006.	Oh, The Story!	2006
inception	The OHL Classic at Mayakoba is a PGA Tour golf tournament which was played for the first time in the week of February 19--25, 2007.	OHL Classic at Mayakoba	2007
inception	In 2002, Michael Piacente, Dan Rasmussen, John Rowell and Treb Ryan founded OpSource in Sunnyvale, California.	OpSource	2002
inception	The Evangelical Reformed Baptist Churches in Italy (Italian: Chiese Evangeliche Riformate Battiste in Italia), or CERBI, is an association of Reformed Baptist churches formed on 25 April 2006 in Bologna.	Evangelical Reformed Baptist Churches in Italy	2006
inception	It was acquired in 1999 by the French publisher Titus Software, and its name was changed to Avalon Interactive on July 1, 2003.	Avalon Interactive	2003
inception	Gobron-Brillié was an early French automobile manufactured from 1898 to 1930.	Gobron-Brillié	1898
inception	Amicus was the United Kingdom's second-largest trade union, and the largest private sector union, formed by the merger of Manufacturing Science and Finance and the AEEU (Amalgamated Engineering and Electrical Union), agreed in 2001, and two smaller unions, UNIFI and the GPMU.	Amicus	2001
inception	Highdeal, a privately owned BSS software product company, was founded in 1996 in the R&D labs of France Télécom by a team including Eric Pillevesse and Serge Soudoplatoff, and officially spun off in the year 2000.	Highdeal	1996
inception	Agent Sparks was a band formed in early 2005 when two former band mates from Audiovent decided they wanted to continue making music.	Agent Sparks	2005
inception	N-Force is a UK Dance Act that formed in 2008.	N-Force	2008
inception	Dredg (stylized as dredg) is an American rock band formed in 1993 in Los Gatos, California.	Dredg	1993
inception	Insurance Europe was founded in 1953, as Comité Européen des Assurances (CEA).	Insurance Europe	1953
inception	The Extreme Sports Channel (ESC) is a growing sports brand and cable, satellite and internet TV channel that launched from Amsterdam on May 1, 1999 with a legendary launch party.	Extreme Sports Channel	1999
inception	The Tossers are a six-piece Celtic punk band from Chicago, Illinois formed in July 1993.	The Tossers	1993
inception	Pacific Meridian (Russian: Меридианы Тихого; abbreviated as IFFV) - International Film Festival of the Asian-Pacific region, which has been held every September since 2003 in Vladivostok, Russia.	Pacific Meridian	2003
inception	Tel Katifa was founded in May 1992 on the Mediterranean coast by second generation Gush Katif single farmers.	Tel Katifa	1992
inception	E for Explosion were an alternative rock/shoegazing band formed by former JamisonParker singer Jamison Covington after the group's breakup in 2005.	E for Explosion	2005
inception	The International Polo Cup, also called the Newport Cup and the Westchester Cup is a trophy in polo that was created in 1876 and was played for by teams from the United States and England.	International Polo Cup	1876
inception	The Blackwater Fever are an Australian blues guitar-drums group, which formed in Brisbane in 2005.	The Blackwater Fever	2005
inception	Superintendent George Renworth promoted this movement and the Upland Unified School District was established in 1986.	Upland Unified School District	1986
inception	Independent Civic Union (in Spanish: Unión Cívica Independiente), was a political party in Peru founded in 1988 by Francisco Diez Canseco Távara and César Larrabure.	Independent Civic Union	1988
inception	The Neighbourhood (sometimes rendered as ``THE NBHD'') is an American alternative rock band formed in Newbury Park, California in 2011.	The Neighbourhood	2011
inception	Established in 2002, Greengate School provides a full-time elementary program for children with dyslexia in Huntsville Alabama.	Greengate School	2002
inception	Castle Communications was a British independent record label and home video distributor founded in 1983 by Terry Shand, Cliff Dane, and Jon Beecher.	Castle Communications	1983
inception	Air Dabia was a short-lived Gambian airline which flew between 1996 and 1998; it had a three-ship fleet (one Boeing 747, notable as being the airframe involved in the United Airlines Flight 811 decompression incident, and two 727s).	Air Dabia	1996
inception	Candlewick Press, established in 1991 and located in Somerville, Massachusetts, is part of the Walker Books group.	Candlewick Press	1991
inception	WMBF-TV signed on for testing in late-July 2008 with a station ID slide.	WMBF-TV	2008
inception	The Ecomuseum Zoo (French: Zoo Ecomuseum) is a Canadian zoological park in Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue, Quebec and was founded in 1988.	Ecomuseum Zoo	1988
inception	EMPGI was incorporated in May 2008 as joint venture between heavily indebted EMPG, the holding company that controls Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.	EMPG	2008
inception	Echoes (2004) titles for Nintendo of America Inc. Bluepoint Games' first title, Blast Factor (2006), launched when Sony debuted its PlayStation 3, and was one of only two downloadable PS3 games available at the time.	Bluepoint Games	2006
inception	Founded under Conservative legislation that privatised the railways, Railtrack took control of the railway infrastructure on 1 April 1994 and was floated on the Stock Exchange in May 1996.	Railtrack	1996
inception	OnePlus (Chinese: 一加科技; pinyin: Yījiā Kējì) is a Chinese smartphone manufacturer founded in December 2013.	OnePlus	December 2013
inception	Baton Rouge Community College, an open admissions, two-year post-secondary public community college in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, was established on June 28, 1995.	Baton Rouge Community College	1995
inception	The Sarcophagus of Junius Bassus is a marble Early Christian sarcophagus used for the burial of Junius Bassus, who died in 359.	Sarcophagus of Junius Bassus	359
inception	The first battalion of the Vijayabahu Infantry Regiment was established in 1988.	Vijayabahu Infantry Regiment	1988
inception	Born in 2005, Biografilm Festival takes place in Bologna, in June at the Cineteca del Comune di Bologna (Italy).	Biografilm Festival	2005
inception	In 1999, Screen Gems was resurrected as a fourth specialty film producing arm of Sony's Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group, after Sony Pictures Classics, Triumph Films and Destination Films.	Screen Gems	1999
inception	FoodCorps was founded in 2010 by six people:	FoodCorps	2010
inception	Immediate Music was founded in 1993 by Jeffrey Fayman and Yoav Goren with their first trailer track for Carlito's Way.	Immediate Music	1993
inception	The Deutschvölkischer Schutz und Trutzbund was originally called the Deutscher Schutz und Trutzbund when it was founded in February 1919 in Bamberg for the purpose of ``fighting'' Judaism, during a meeting of the Alldeutscher Verband (``All-German League'').	Deutschvölkischer Schutz und Trutzbund	1919
inception	The Sharjah Museums Department, established in 2006 by His Highness Dr Sheikh Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi, Member of Supreme Council and Ruler of Sharjah, aims to promote the emirate's legacy of arts, heritage and culture.	Sharjah Museums Department	2006
inception	Originally formed in January 1986 as ``Huddersfield Tecol Band'', the name was changed in November 1987 to ``Sellers College Brass'', then to ``The Sellers Engineering Band'' and subsequently ``Sellers International Band''.	Sellers International Band	1986
inception	Sacrificium is a death metal band from Stuttgart, Germany, formed in 1993.	Sacrificium	1993
inception	Mosaic Communications, also known as Moscom, or as Mozcom, was the first commercial internet service provider in the Philippines, established in 1994.	Mozcom	1994
inception	Odd Future formed around 2006-2007 in Los Angeles.	Odd Future	2007
inception	WWFA signed on the air August 29, 2010 with a wall-to-wall Adult Album Alternative format with no station imaging except for a top-of-hour Legal ID.	WWFA	2010
inception	It was launched in May 2010 by the private company GroupMe.	GroupMe	2010
inception	Coney Island USA is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit arts organization founded in 1980 that is dedicated to the cultural and economic revitalization of the Coney Island neighborhood of the Borough of Brooklyn in New York City.	Coney Island USA	1980
inception	The Dead Pop Stars (stylized as THE DEAD P☆P STARS) is a Japanese visual kei rock band formed in 1992 by ex-Kamaitachi drummer Kenzi.	The Dead Pop Stars	1992
inception	At the beginning of 1951, the Valtion Metallitehtaat group was renamed Valmet Oy.	Valmet	1951
inception	The Baseball City Royals were a farm team for the Kansas City Royals from 1988 to 1992, after moving from Fort Myers, Florida, where they were known as the Fort Myers Royals.	Baseball City Royals	1988
inception	British Mediterranean Airways was established as a limited company in 1994 by a group of private investors led by Lord Hesketh.	British Mediterranean Airways	1994
inception	The Interstate Aviation Committee was formed in 1991 according to the Civil Aviation and Airspace Use Treaty, signed on December 25, 1991.	Interstate Aviation Committee	1991
inception	Beach Fossils are an American indie rock band from Brooklyn, New York, formed in 2009.	Beach Fossils	2009
inception	Askari Aviation was established in 1995, to maintain, operate and market aircraft and helicopters.	Askari Aviation	1995
inception	The Comics Campaign Council was a British pressure group formed in 1953 in response to growing concern about the effects of imported American horror comics such as The Vault of Horror and The Haunt of Fear on British youths.	Comics Campaign Council	1953
inception	Since 1990, Vision International University in the United States has maintained authorization to grant degrees by religious exemption in the State of California.	Vision International University	1990
inception	The Mexican Fascist Party (Partido Fascista Mexicano) was a political party that was formed in Mexico in 1922 that was officially based upon Italian Fascism.	Mexican Fascist Party	1922
inception	WAMATA was founded in June 1989 by a small group of Tanzanian professionals and families to assist individuals living with HIV/AIDS diagnoses.	WAMATA	1989
inception	It was established as Bergville Mountain Village in 1897 and is now the commercial centre for a 2,500 km² dairy and cattle ranching area.	Bergville	1897
inception	Akdeniz University was founded in 1982 and incorporated with the higher education institutions already established in Antalya, Isparta and Burdur.	Akdeniz University	1982
inception	Founded in 1966 as Systems Associates, Inc., the company became SYS Technologies in 1985.	SYS Technologies	1966
inception	Veidekke Industry was formed in 1999, but its history goes back to 1910 when AS Sigurd Hesselberg began making asphalt concrete and later became Norway's first maker of asphalt for roads.	Veidekke Industry	1999
inception	Simon Property Group was formed in 1993 when the majority of the shopping center interests of Melvin Simon & Associates became a publicly traded company.	Simon Property Group	1993
inception	The European Day of Languages is 26 September, as proclaimed by the Council of Europe on 6 December 2001, at the end of the European Year of Languages (2001), which had been jointly organised by the Council of Europe and the European Union.	European Day of Languages	6 December 2001
inception	Max-A-Million was an American musical group that consisted of singers A'Lisa B., Duran Estevez, and Tommye, active from 1994 to 1998.	Max-A-Million	1994
inception	Gallery MOMO was founded in Johannesburg in 2002 by the South African art dealer and collector, Monna Mokoena.	Gallery MOMO	2002
inception	Open Market was an ecommerce software startup, founded in Cambridge, Massachusetts in early 1994.	Open Market	1994
inception	The company was founded in 1969 as the Singapore Petroleum & Chemical Co. Pte Ltd and later changed its name to the Singapore Petroleum Company Ltd. The company is also a part owner of Singapore Refining Company Pte Ltd which was founded in 1979.	Singapore Petroleum Company	1969
inception	In October 1998, Memorial Health Alliance and West Jersey Health System merged to create Virtua Health, the largest healthcare provider in South Jersey.	Virtua	1998
inception	Shredded Corpse was a grindcore, death metal band that formed 1991 from Little Rock, Arkansas.	Shredded Corpse	1991
inception	The Rare Breeds Conservation Society of New Zealand (RBCSNZ) was founded in 1988 to conserve, record and promote rare livestock breeds with the aim of maintaining genetic diversity within livestock species.	Rare Breeds Conservation Society of New Zealand	1988
inception	Created in 1962, Conad is a cooperative system of entrepreneurs, dealing in large-scale distribution.	Conad	1962
inception	In the summer of 2002 the three formed Skeletonbreath while home from college, and shortly after began touring the northeast.	Skeletonbreath	2002
inception	The Sherbrooke Missal (NLW MS 15536E) is one of the earliest examples of a Missal that was produced in England, dating from circa 1310 to 1320.	Sherbrooke Missal	1310
inception	Junfeng Road Station (Chinese: 君峰路) is a station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 3, which opened on 16 December 2015.	Junfeng Road Station	2015
inception	The Centre for High North Logistics was founded on 27 May 2009, subsuming its precursor organization which was established in 2008 and administered by Bodø University College.	Centre for High North Logistics	2009
inception	The company was founded in 1780 by Donat-Joseph Casterman, an editor and bookseller originally from Tournai.	Casterman	1780
inception	Le Grand Magistery is an independent record label operating out of Bloomfield Hills, Michigan since 1996.	Le Grand Magistery	1996
inception	Great White North Records was a Canadian independent record label founded in 1999 and dissolved in 2006.	Great White North Records	1999
inception	The Parents Music Resource Center (PMRC) was an American committee formed in 1985 with the stated goal of increasing parental control over the access of children to music deemed to be violent, have drug use or be sexual via labeling albums with Parental Advisory stickers.	Parents Music Resource Center	1985
inception	Lake Superior State University was established in 1946 to address the needs of returning World War II veterans and to provide educational opportunities to the people of the Eastern Upper Peninsula.	Lake Superior State University	1946
inception	Dune FM was an Independent Local Radio station serving Southport, Sefton and surrounding areas between 1997 and 2012.	Dune FM	1997
inception	The Patriotic Movement of Côte d'Ivoire (Mouvement patriotique de Côte d'Ivoire, MPCI) was the major rebel group in the Ivorian Civil War, which since 2005, has transformed itself into a leading political party.	Patriotic Movement of Côte d'Ivoire	2005
inception	The Champion Ballroom Academy (founded April 1990) is a dance studio in San Diego, California.	Champion Ballroom Academy	1990
inception	The Maluku Islands was formerly administered as a single province, however, in 1999 it was split into two provinces, with North Maluku being created out of the northern section of the province of Maluku.	North Maluku	1999
inception	Batdorf & Bronson is an Olympia, Washington based coffee roaster established in 1986.	Batdorf & Bronson	1986
inception	The EU Exit Party for Austria (German: EU-Austrittspartei für Österreich, EUAUS) is a political party in Austria founded on 15 September 2011.	EU Exit Party	2011
inception	Founded in 1999, Shenzhen Capital Group is a premier state-controlled venture capital and private equity firm in China.	Shenzhen Capital Group	1999
inception	The Glasgow University Scottish Nationalist Association (GUSNA) is a student organisation formed in 1927 at the University of Glasgow which supports Scottish independence.	Glasgow University Scottish Nationalist Association	1927
inception	From 2010 season, Chuncheon FC plays in the Challengers League, the fourth tier of Korean football.	Chuncheon FC	2010
inception	Sintermeertencollege is a comprehensive school in Heerlen, the Netherlands, established in 1967.	Sintermeertencollege	1967
inception	Women Organized to Resist and Defend (WORD or W.O.R.D.) is a feminist organization that was founded in 2012.	Women Organized to Resist and Defend	2012
inception	The World Apple and Pear Association (WAPA) is a trade association established in 2001 representing major apple and pear producing countries globally.	World Apple and Pear Association	2001
inception	Founded as Calvario F.C. in 2012, they were invited to play at the 2015 Honduran Cup as Atlético Calvario.	Calvario F.C.	2012
inception	There were an estimated 100,000 people (about 30,000 per day) at the first annual Rocklahoma held in 2007.	Rocklahoma	2007
inception	Heydar Aliyev Center had an official soft-opening ceremony on 10 May 2012 held by current president of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev.	Heydar Aliyev Center	2012
inception	The station, established in 2005, is owned by Oasis Christian Radio, Inc. KAVS-LP airs a Christian radio format.	KAVS-LP	2005
inception	Sila National Park was established in 1997 and covers about 74,000 ha of charming and wild areas in Calabria.	Sila National Park	1997
inception	Jim'll Paint It is an internet blog featured on Tumblr and other social networking sites, started on 21 February 2013 by James Murray.	Jim'll Paint It	21 February 2013
inception	Le Race is a road bicycle racing event held annually in Canterbury, New Zealand since 1999.	Le Race	1999
inception	Christ Analogue is an industrial rock group started in 1995 by frontman and producer Wade Alin.	Christ Analogue	1995
inception	Carnegie Museum of Natural History, located at 4400 Forbes Avenue in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, was founded by the Pittsburgh-based industrialist Andrew Carnegie in 1896.	Carnegie Museum of Natural History	1896
inception	Opekta, also known as Gies & Co., was a European pectin and spice company that existed between 1928 and 1995.	Opekta	1928
inception	The Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment is a research institute at the London School of Economics and Political Science founded in May 2008.	Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment	2008
inception	EBSCO Information Services is a division of EBSCO Industries Inc., a family owned company since 1944.	EBSCO Information Services	1944
inception	Peaking Lights music has been described as psychedelic pop. The band originally formed in 2008, performing live in order to fund a road trip to Texas, at which point they released the self-titled cd-r Clearvoiant (later released on cassette via Night-People).	Peaking Lights	2008
inception	Redstone Press is a London-based art book publisher that was founded in 1986 by Julian Rothenstein, the son of English portrait painter Duffy Ayers and her first husband, the painter and printmaker Michael Rothenstein.	Redstone Press	1986
inception	BarNone was founded in 1995 and was later purchased by the First Advantage Corporation in 2005 for their Dealer Services segment.	BarNone	1995
inception	In 2012 Pakhtakor-2 plays in First League and Uzbek Cup.	Pakhtakor-2	2012
inception	Pikimal was founded in January 2010 by Eric Silver, previously the chief marketing officer at Modcloth.	Pikimal	2010
inception	The University of Bologna (Italian: Università di Bologna, UNIBO), founded in 1088, was the first university and is the oldest in the world.	University of Bologna	1088
inception	Born of Osiris is an American deathcore band, formed in 2003 in Palatine, a suburb of Chicago.	Born of Osiris	2003
inception	Established as a cargo airline in 2003, Skyjet Airlines started passenger services on February 1, 2009.	Skyjet Airlines	2003
inception	Bretton's was a high-end department store in Canada from 1985 to 1996.	Bretton's	1985
inception	The Council of Cardinal Advisers, formally the Council of Cardinals, is a group of nine Roman Catholic cardinals appointed by Pope Francis to serve as advisers to the Pontiff exactly one month after his election, 13 April 2013.	Council of Cardinal Advisers	2013
inception	Hoechst Schering AgrEvo GmbH was a Düsseldorf-based limited liability company owned by Hoechst AG and Schering AG that only existed as an independent company for five years, from 1994 to 1999.	Hoechst Schering AgrEvo GmbH	1994
inception	İzmir Kâtip Çelebi University (Turkish: İzmir Kâtip Çelebi Üniversitesi) is a public university in İzmir, Turkey, established in 2010.	İzmir Kâtip Çelebi University	2010
inception	Bull Rider and the Cody Nite Rodeo; created in 2007 is the title of an expressionist painting by American artist Blake Neubert, depicting a Cowboy riding a Bull in the nightly rodeo.	Bull Rider and the Cody Nite Rodeo	2007
inception	The China Democratic Socialist Party (CDSP; Chinese: 中國民主社會黨; pinyin: Zhōngguó shèhuì mínzhǔdǎng) was founded in Shanghai on 15 August 1946.	China Democratic Socialist Party	15 August 1946
inception	Concussion Ensemble were an American post-rock group formed in Boston, Massachusetts, formed in 1992.	Concussion Ensemble	1992
inception	Basket Club Ferrara was founded on 16 June 1999 and started playing in the third division Serie B d’Eccellenza that same season.	Basket Club Ferrara	1999
inception	Lyto is an Indonesian online game publisher, established in 2003.	Lyto	2003
inception	The NSW TrainLink brand was introduced on 1 July 2013 to coincide with NSW Trains taking over all of CountryLink's services and CityRail's non-suburban services.	NSW TrainLink	1 July 2013
inception	The Jessica Fletchers are a Norwegian band, formed in Drammen (near Oslo) in 1997.	The Jessica Fletchers	1997
inception	LizardTech was founded in 1992 to commercialize the MrSID technology and file format originally developed at Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) in New Mexico.	LizardTech	1992
inception	``Refinery / Crooked Teeth '' 7`` (1994 Tolotta Records) ''Sink`` 7'' (1994 Egg Yolk Records) `` Stinking Lizaveta / Hell Mach Four --	Stinking Lizaveta	1994
inception	The Milwaukee Hurling Club (MHC) has promoted the sport of hurling through education and game play since 1996.	Milwaukee Hurling Club	1996
inception	Since its launch in 2004, Avalon Waterways has christened 18 new ships in Europe.	Avalon Waterways	2004
inception	Pusan Foreign Language High School (PFLHS) (Hangeul:부산외국어고등학교, Hanja:釜山外國語高等學校) is a competitive private, coeducational, college preparatory high school founded in 1985.	Pusan Foreign Language High School	1985
inception	Hinshaw's was a two-location department store chain in Southern California that was in business between 1951 and 1992.	Hinshaw's	1951
inception	The Colony High School, located in The Colony, which opened in 1986 is part of Lewisville ISD.	The Colony High School	1986
inception	INCOSE Pioneer Award is an annual prize for people who have made significant pioneering contributions to the field of Systems Engineering given by the INCOSE (International Council on Systems Engineering) since 1997.	INCOSE Pioneer Award	1997
inception	Solo Icon, formerly Solo Idol, is a Solomon Islands yearly singing competition, established in 2006 but not part of the Idol franchise.	Solo Icon	2006
inception	In 1707 when Lan Xang was divided between the Kingdoms of Vientiane and Luang Prabang, Muang Phuan entered into tributary relations with the Kingdom of Luang Prabang.	Muang Phuan	1707
inception	9Gem is an Australian free-to-air digital television multichannel, launched by the Nine Network on Sunday 26 September 2010 at 6am.	9Gem	2010
inception	Akanda National Park is one of 13 National Parks in Gabon set up in 2002 by President Omar Bongo after a two-year study by the DFC, WCS and WWF.	Akanda National Park	2002
inception	The Bubblemen were a side project formed in 1988 by the members of alternative rock band Love and Rockets.	The Bubblemen	1988
inception	The first International No Diet Day was celebrated in the UK in 1992.	International No Diet Day	1992
inception	In August 2014 Coca-Cola released a commercial featuring We Are Toonz for their Ahh Campaign targeting the teen and young adult demographic.	We Are Toonz	2014
inception	The State of Greater Lebanon (Arabic: دولة لبنان الكبير‎ Dawlat Lubnān al-Kabīr; French: État du Grand Liban) was a state declared in September 1920, and the predecessor of modern Lebanon.	Greater Lebanon	1920
inception	Formerly known as Tibetan Transit School, the Sherab Gatsel Lobling School was established on March 7, 1993, to provide education of new arrived young Tibetan people aged between 18 and 30 into the North Indian exile.	Sherab Gatsel Lobling School	1993
inception	The Zrinski Battalion (Croatian: Bojna Zrinski) was a special forces unit of the Croatian National Guard (Zbor narodne garde -- ZNG) and later of the Croatian Army (Hrvatska vojska -- HV) established in Kumrovec on 18 May 1991, during the Croatian War of Independence.	Zrinski Battalion	1991
inception	The Cumberland Valley Railroad (reporting mark CVRR) was an early railroad in Pennsylvania, USA, originally chartered in 1831 to connect with Pennsylvania's Main Line of Public Works.	Cumberland Valley Railroad	1831
inception	Shanghai Manhua (Chinese: 上海漫画; pinyin: Shànghǎi Mànhuà), originally titled Shanghai Sketch, was a weekly pictorial magazine published in Shanghai from 21 April 1928 until 7 June 1930.	Shanghai Manhua	21 April 1928
inception	He later opened the first Hesburger in 1980 in Turku, which became the first element of the first fast food restaurant chain in Finland.	Hesburger	1980
inception	Tvangeste was formed in 1996 in Kaliningrad, Russia, and its line-up at the time consisted of Miron Chirva, Edgar, Nikolay ``Kok'' Kazmin and Klaus.	Tvangeste	1996
inception	Lollipop Lust Kill was an American nu metal band, formed in 1996 in Toledo, Ohio.	Lollipop Lust Kill	1996
inception	The first All-Star Final Vote was held during the 2002 season.	All-Star Final Vote	2002
inception	GroenLinks was formed on 1 March 1989 as a merger of four left-wing political parties: the Communist Party of the Netherlands, Pacifist Socialist Party, the Political Party of Radicals and the Evangelical People's Party.	GroenLinks	1 March 1989
inception	It was founded in 1961 as the work settlement of Nizhnekamsky (Нижнекамский).	Nizhnekamsk	1961
inception	Romano Racing was an Australian motor racing team that competed in Australian V8 Supercar racing between 1995 and 2003.	Romano Racing	1995
inception	In 2003 the first Land Rover G4 Challenge launched with 16 participating nations and traversed the USA, South Africa and Australia over the course of 28 days.	Land Rover G4 Challenge	2003
inception	Caproni was an Italian aircraft manufacturer founded in 1908 by Giovanni Battista ``Gianni'' Caproni.	Caproni	1908
inception	United in Europe was founded by Charles Cormack in early January 2014 and registered on 3 April 2014.	United in Europe	2014
inception	Simis was a video game development company founded by Jonathan Newth, Chris Tubbs, Dave Payne and Ian Baverstock in 1989.	Simis	1989
inception	The Independent Health Alliance was an electoral alliance which contested the 2002 Irish general election.	Independent Health Alliance	2002
inception	Cryptacize is a California pop band founded by Nedelle Torrisi and Chris Cohen in 2006.	Cryptacize	2006
inception	In 1906, the Wichita Falls and Northwestern Railway Company of Texas was chartered to build the 17-mile stretch of track from Wichita Falls, located along the Wichita River, north to the Red River, the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma.	Wichita Falls and Northwestern Railway	1906
inception	Orchid Tapes is an independent Brooklyn-based record label founded in 2010 by Warren Hildebrand.	Orchid Tapes	2010
inception	Mahalo Air was an airline that provided inter-island service within the state of Hawaii between 1993 and 1997.	Mahalo Air	1993
inception	TM Net was established in 1995 by Telekom Malaysia as part of Malaysia National Broadband Plan.	TM Net	1995
inception	Australian Ethical Investment Limited is an Australian owned company established in 1986 for the purpose of environmental and socially responsible investing.	Australian Ethical Investment	1986
inception	Language Connect was founded in 2003 by Ben Taylor and Iwona Stepien with the aim of assisting multinational organisations to operate efficiently without language barriers.	Language Connect	2003
inception	Initially competing in the All-Japan Grand Touring Car Championship (JGTC), Team Goh won the 1996 championship with a McLaren F1 GTR and drivers John Nielsen and David Brabham.	Team Goh	1996
inception	TVP Info replaced TVP3 in 2007 and was launched October 2007.	TVP Info	2007
inception	Den norske Bank or DnB was a Norwegian bank that existed between 1990 and 2003 when it merged with Gjensidige NOR to form the present DnB NOR.	Den norske Bank	1990
inception	Armenian Airlines was established shortly after independence in 1991 from Aeroflot's Armenia directorate, and was the sole carrier in Armenia until 2002, when private companies Armenian International Airways and Armavia began to compete with it.	Armenian Airlines	1991
inception	A-Teens (stylized as A*Teens) was a Swedish pop music group from Stockholm, Sweden, formed by Niklas Berg in 1998 as an ABBA tribute band called ABBA Teens and later renamed to A-Teens.	A-Teens	1998
inception	The Reg Grundy Organisation (later the Grundy Organisation, then Grundy Television and known informally as Grundy's) was an Australian television production company founded in 1959 by businessman Reg Grundy.	Reg Grundy Organisation	1959
inception	Since 2007, MyMajorCompany has been an independent record label.	MyMajorCompany	2007
inception	Miljoona Rock is rock festival in Tuuri held annually since 2004.	Miljoona Rock	2004
inception	The Curtin Labor Alliance was a minor Australian political coalition that was formed between two minor right-wing groups, the Citizens Electoral Council (CEC) and the Western Australian Municipal Employers Union, in 2001.	Curtin Labor Alliance	2001
inception	Held every summer from 1990 through 2006 by radio station WHFS, and annually since 2010 in commemoration of the now-defunct station's legacy, the HFStival was at its peak the largest yearly music festival on the East Coast.	HFStival	1990
inception	In 1793, Lieutenant Governor John Graves Simcoe authorized a garrison on the present site of Fort York, just west of the mouth of Garrison Creek on the north western shore of Lake Ontario.	Fort York	1793
inception	Launched on 1 January 1990, VTV2 is dedicated to the broadcast of education and cultural programs.	VTV2	1990
inception	Rolling Stone Australia Awards are awarded annually in January by the Rolling Stone (Australia) magazine since 2010 for outstanding contributions to popular culture in the previous year.	Rolling Stone Australia Awards	2010
inception	Cosmic Air was established in 1997 as a company wholly owned by Captain RP Pradhan.	Cosmic Air	1997
inception	Future User are an American rock band from Los Angeles, California formed in 2013, consisting of Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave bassist Tim Commerford, multi-instrumentalist Jordan Tarlow and drummer Jon Knox.	Future User	2013
inception	The Order's statute was amended on September 7, 2010 by presidential decree 1099, the same document that established the Medal of the Order of Parental Glory.	Order of Parental Glory	2010
inception	The Los Angeles County Fire Department began in 1920, and was known as the Los Angeles County Forestry Department and Los Angeles County Fire Protection Districts.	Los Angeles County Fire Department	1920
inception	JustAnswer (then titled ``ExpertAsk'') was founded in 2003 by CEO Andy Kurtzig.	JustAnswer	2003
inception	Holy Dragons is a Kazakhstani metal band, founded in 1992 in Almaty.	Holy Dragons	1992
inception	The Schwules Museum* (Gay Museum*) is a museum exhibiting LGBT life in Berlin, Germany, which opened in 1985.	Schwules Museum	1985
inception	The Dream Engine is the name of a music performance group created by Jim Steinman and Steven Rinkoff, first publicly presented in 2006.	The Dream Engine	2006
inception	The Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal (VCAT) was formed by the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal Act 1998 in the state of Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal	1998
inception	The H K College of Pharmacy abbreviated as HKCP was established in 2006 by Prof. Javed Khan, Ex-Education Minister of the State of Maharashtra and approved by UGC, AICTE, DTE and PCI with affiliation from the University of Mumbai.	H K College of Pharmacy	2006
inception	The White Wires are a Canadian garage rock band formed in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada in 2007.	The White Wires	2007
inception	A number of national associations developed during 1964 and 1965, and in 1966 an international association, the Foederatio Internationalis Una Voce was formed.	Una Voce	1966
inception	Founded by Kurt Volkan in 2003, Pitchstone Publishing has published numerous books by leading academics and scholars, particularly in the fields of applied psychiatry and psychoanalysis.	Pitchstone Publishing	2003
inception	Arby's was founded in Boardman, Ohio, in July 23, 1964 by Forrest (1922--2008) and Leroy Raffel (1926), owners of a restaurant equipment business who believed there was a market opportunity for a fast food franchise based on a food other than hamburgers.	Arby's	1964
inception	The San Jose BioCenter is a business incubator formed as a university foundation in 2004 and focused on the initiation and development of technology companies, with an emphasis on the life sciences industry.	San Jose BioCenter	2004
inception	In June 2009, the company unveiled its new brand identity Mahindra Satyam subsequent to its takeover by the $14 billion Mahindra Group's IT arm on 13 April 2009.	Mahindra Satyam	2009
inception	The United St. Maarten Party (US Party) is a political party in Sint Maarten founded in 2013 by former National Alliance deputy leader Frans Richardson.	United St. Maarten Party	2013
inception	The ACY and the Northern Ohio were merged on January 14, 1944 into the Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad.	Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad	1944
inception	The band shortened its name to Van Zant for the release of its fourth album in 1985, the eponymous Van Zant on Geffen Records.	Van Zant	1985
inception	LRT Kultūra was launched on 16 February 2003 as 'LTV2', before changing to its current name on 28 July 2012.	LRT Kultūra	2003
inception	The Foundation for Endangered Languages is a non-profit organization, registered as Charity 1070616 in England and Wales, founded in 1996.	Foundation for Endangered Languages	1996
inception	Icon Credit Union began as Idahy Federal Credit Union in 1952 in Boise, Idaho.	Icon Credit Union	1952
inception	That winter, the members played with the idea of regrouping for something new, and in early 2005, they decided it was time for a new era, officially creating This Ending.	This Ending	2005
inception	Peterborough Software was a Payroll and Human Resources software and services company started in Peterborough, England in 1963.	Peterborough Software	1963
inception	Yangon Airways was established in October 1996 as a domestic airline in a joint venture between Myanma Airways, the state owned flag carrier in Myanmar, and Krong-Sombat Company of Thailand.	Yangon Airways	1996
inception	Galvez Esporte Clube is a Brazilian football team in Rio Branco, founded in 2011.	Galvez Esporte Clube	2011
inception	Since 2005, Glü Gallery has held exhibitions for the works of many notable artists, including Jordi Mollá and James Franco.	Glü Gallery	2005
inception	Shaheed M. Monsur Ali Medical College, Sirajganj (Bengali: শহীদ এম. মনসুর আলী মেডিকেল কলেজ, সিরাজগঞ্জ) is a public medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2014.	Shaheed M. Monsur Ali Medical College, Sirajganj	2014
inception	The earliest Motivate Canada program was the Esteem Team , created in 1994 by Olympic wrestler Chris Wilson.	Motivate Canada	1994
inception	March Engineering began operations in 1969.	March Engineering	1969
inception	The Surfrider Foundation was started in Malibu, California in 1984 by a handful of surfers to protest threats to their local surf break at Malibu Point.	Surfrider Foundation	1984
inception	The Scottish Piping Society of London is a society of bagpipers, formed in 1932.	Scottish Piping Society of London	1932
inception	The first Ragstock was held on Saturday August 11, 2007 at GJs Bar in Wandsworth, making use of the large beer garden and heated marquee and the free hog-roast.	Ragstock	2007
inception	It was created in 1998 when Pearson PLC purchased the education division of Simon & Schuster from Viacom and merged it with its own education division, Addison-Wesley Longman to form Pearson Education.	Pearson Education	1998
inception	Copies by Vincent van Gogh form an important group of paintings executed by Vincent van Gogh between 1887 and early 1890.	Copies by Vincent van Gogh	1890
inception	On 21 March 1981, Sihanouk declared the founding of FUNCINPEC from Pyongyang, North Korea.	FUNCINPEC	21 March 1981
inception	Against All Authority (often abbreviated -AAA-) was an American punk band, formed in Florida in 1992.	Against All Authority	1992
instrument	Rustee Allen (born March 13, 1953 in Monroe, Louisiana, US) is an American musician best known as the bass guitar player for the influential funk band Sly and the Family Stone from 1972 to 1975.	Rustee Allen	guitar
languages spoken or written	Annabel Cervantes Muñoz (Barcelona, 1969) is a Spanish-Catalan writer in Catalan language.	Annabel Cervantes	Spanish	Catalan
languages spoken or written	José Giral y Pereira (22 October 1879 -- 23 December 1962) was a Spanish politician during the Second Spanish Republic.	José Giral	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Helmut Schelsky (14 October 1912 -- 24 February 1984), was a German sociologist, the most influential in post-World War II Germany, well into the 1970s.	Helmut Schelsky	German
languages spoken or written	Hans-Friedrich Blunck (3 September 1888 -- 24 April 1961) was a German jurist and a writer.	Hans-Friedrich Blunck	German
languages spoken or written	Milan Richter (born 1948 in Bratislava) is a Slovak writer, playwright, translator, publisher and a former high-ranking diplomat.	Milan Richter	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Frey (born August 14, 1942 in Rechberghausen) is a German bryologist and phytogeographer.	Wolfgang Frey	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Chéri Lafont (16 May 1797 -- 19 April 1873) was a French actor, born at Bordeaux.	Pierre-Chéri Lafont	French
languages spoken or written	Denise Fabre (born 5 September 1942) is a French former television personality, best known for her role as an in-vision continuity announcer.	Denise Fabre	French
languages spoken or written	Dr. Mandan Mishra was a noted Sanskrit scholar from India and founder of Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri Rashtriya Sanskrit Vidyapeetha.	Mandan Mishra	Sanskrit
languages spoken or written	María Luisa Paredes Bartolomé, (born 3 April 1946 in Madrid), better known in show business as Marisa Paredes, is a Spanish actress.	Marisa Paredes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker (4 November 1784 -- 17 December 1868) was a German classical philologist and archaeologist.	Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Goldman (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃.ʒak ɡɔldˈman); born 11 October 1951) is a Grammy Award-winning French singer-songwriter.	Jean-Jacques Goldman	French
languages spoken or written	Moritz Albrecht Franz Friedrich Fedor von Bock (3 December 1880 -- 4 May 1945) was a German field marshal who served in the German army during the Second World War.	Fedor von Bock	German
languages spoken or written	Miron Radu Paraschivescu (October 2, 1911-- February 17, 1971) was a Romanian poet, essayist, journalist, and translator.	Miron Radu Paraschivescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Sonja Ziemann (born February 8, 1926 in Eichwalde, Province of Brandenburg) is a German film and television actress.	Sonja Ziemann	German
languages spoken or written	Róża Maria Gräfin von Thun und Hohenstein (née Woźniakowska, born 13 April 1954), is a Polish politician, more usually known as Róża Thun, than by her formal style of Countess.	Róża Thun	Polish
languages spoken or written	Constantin Negruzzi (Romanian pronunciation: (konstanˈtin neˈɡrut͡si), first name often Costache pronounced (kosˈtake); 1808--24 August 1868) was a Romanian poet, novelist, translator, playwright and politician.	Constantin Negruzzi	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Joseph-Marie-Philippe Lévêque de Vilmorin (21 May 1872 -- 29 June 1917), generally known as Philippe de Vilmorin, was a noted French botanist and plant collector, and a member of the celebrated Vilmorin family of horticulturists.	Philippe de Vilmorin	French
languages spoken or written	Léon Roches (September 27, 1809, Grenoble -- 1900) was a representative of the French government in Japan from 1864 to 1868.	Léon Roches	French
languages spoken or written	Joe Wright (born 25 August 1972) is an English film director known for the romance film Pride & Prejudice (2005), the romantic drama war film Atonement (2007), the action thriller Hanna (2011), and his 2012 adaptation of the classic Anna Karenina.	Joe Wright	English
languages spoken or written	Michel Étienne Descourtilz (25 November 1777, Boiste near Pithiviers -- 1835, Paris), was a French physician, botanist and historiographer of the Haitian revolution.	Michel Étienne Descourtilz	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Heinrich Samuel Formey (31 May 1711 -- 7 March 1797) was a German author who wrote in French.	Johann Heinrich Samuel Formey	French
languages spoken or written	Gabriele Pepe (7 December 1779 -- 26 July 1849) was an Italian soldier who fought in defence of the Neapolitan Republic in 1799.	Gabriele Pepe	Italian
languages spoken or written	Count Giovanni Giraud (1776--1834), Italian dramatist, of French origin, was born at Rome, and showed a precocious passion for the theatre.	Giovanni Giraud	Italian
languages spoken or written	José Javier Santos Rubio (b. 29 July 1960 in Quintanilla de Tres Barrios, Madrid, Spain), better known as J. J. Santos is a Spanish sports journalist and host.	J. J. Santos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Folke Bernadotte, Count of Wisborg (Swedish: Greve af Wisborg; 2 January 1895 -- 17 September 1948) was a Swedish diplomat and nobleman.	Folke Bernadotte	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Juan Antonio Bardem (Spanish pronunciation: (xuan baɾˈðen); 2 June 1922 -- 30 October 2002) was a Spanish film director and screen writer.	Juan Antonio Bardem	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antônio Gonçalves Dias (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ̃ˈtonju ɡõˈsawvis ˈdʒiɐs); August 10, 1823 -- November 3, 1864) was a Brazilian Romantic poet, playwright, ethnographer, lawyer and linguist.	Gonçalves Dias	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Julius Wilhelm Richard Dedekind (6 October 1831 -- 12 February 1916) was a German mathematician who made important contributions to abstract algebra (particularly ring theory), algebraic number theory and the definition of the real numbers.	Richard Dedekind	German
languages spoken or written	Jaroslav Seifert (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaroslaf ˈsajfr̩t); 23 September 1901 -- 10 January 1986) was a Nobel Prize--winning Czechoslovak writer, poet and journalist.	Jaroslav Seifert	Czech
languages spoken or written	Juan Pablo Cardenal Nicolau (Barcelona, 1968) is a Spanish journalist and writer.	Juan Pablo Cardenal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claude François Lallemand (January 26, 1790 in Metz -- August 25, 1854 in Marseilles) was a French physician.	Claude François Lallemand	French
languages spoken or written	Henry Bond, FHEA (born 13 June 1966) is an English writer, photographer and visual artist.	Henry Bond	English
languages spoken or written	Stjepan Vukčić Kosača (Serbian Cyrillic: Стјепан/Стефан Вукчић Косача; 1404--1466) was the most powerful and for the most part unruly vassal in the Kingdom of Bosnia.	Stjepan Vukčić Kosača	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Faina Kirschenbaum (Hebrew: פאינה קירשנבאום‎, born 27 November 1955) is an Israeli politician.	Faina Kirschenbaum	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Monsignor Guy-Marie Bagnard, born Guy Claude Bagnard (born April 14, 1937), is a former French Roman Catholic Bishop of Belley-Ars, from July 16, 1987 (date of his nomination) to June 15, 2012 (date of resignation).	Guy-Marie Bagnard	French
languages spoken or written	John Westland Marston (30 January 1819 -- 5 January 1890) was an English dramatist and critic.	John Westland Marston	English
languages spoken or written	Fernando R. Méndez is a Spanish journalist, and writer.	Fernando R. Méndez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lennart Nilsson (born 24 August 1922) is a Swedish photographer and scientist.	Lennart Nilsson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Neoklis Sylikiotis (Greek: Νεοκλής Συλικιώτης; born 24 January 1959) is a Cypriot politician.	Neoklis Sylikiotis	Greek
languages spoken or written	Alain Gagnol (born in 1967) is a French film maker.	Alain Gagnol	French
languages spoken or written	Macarena Aguilar Díaz (born 12 March 1985) is a Spanish handballer, playing for the club Siófok KC and the Spanish national team.	Macarena Aguilar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Valdas Adamkus ((ˈvɐ̂ˑɫd̪ɐs ɐˈd̪ɐmˑkʊs); born 3 November 1926) is a Lithuanian politician.	Valdas Adamkus	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Juha Sihvola (29 August 1957 in Sippola -- 14 June 2012 in Helsinki) was a Finnish philosopher and historian.	Juha Sihvola	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Arthur Stewart Eve, CBE, FRS, FRSC (22 November 1862 -- 24 March 1948) was an English physicist who worked in Canada.	Arthur Stewart Eve	English
languages spoken or written	Ambika Charan Choudhury (Assamese: অম্বিকা চৰণ চৌধুৰী) (August 16, 1930 -- December 4, 2011) was a noted Assamese litterateur, historian and activist from Bongaigaon in Assam.	Ambika Charan Choudhury	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Bhama (Rekitha Rajendra Kurup, born 23 May 1988) is an Indian film actress, who has mainly appeared in Malayalam and Kannada language films.	Bhama	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Roni Margulies (born May 5, 1955 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish poet, author, translator and political activist resident in London.	Roni Margulies	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Khalil Mutran (Arabic: خليل مطران‎ / ALA-LC: Khalīl Muṭrān; July 1, 1872 -- June 1, 1949), also known by the sobriquet Shā``ir al-Quṭrayn (Arabic: شاعر القطرين‎ / literally meaning ``the poet of the two countries'') was an Arabic poet and journalist.	Khalil Mutran	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Paul Ehrenfest (January 18, 1880 -- September 25, 1933) was an Austrian and Dutch theoretical physicist, who made major contributions to the field of statistical mechanics and its relations with quantum mechanics, including the theory of phase transition and the Ehrenfest theorem.	Paul Ehrenfest	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Suzanne Valadon (23 September 1865 -- 7 April 1938) was a French painter and artists' model who was born Marie-Clémentine Valadon at Bessines-sur-Gartempe, Haute-Vienne, France.	Suzanne Valadon	French
languages spoken or written	Francisco Javier Rodríguez Vílchez (born 17 June 1978), known simply as Francisco, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker, and a current manager.	Francisco Javier Rodríguez Vílchez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Louis Michel Français Doyère (born 28 January 1811 in Saint-Michel-des-Essartiers, Calvados; died 1863 in Corsica) was a French zoologist and agronomist.	Louis Michel Français Doyère	French
languages spoken or written	Gilbert Lazard (born in Paris, 4 February 1920) is a French linguist and iranologist.	Gilbert Lazard	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Soto Ivars (1985 in Águilas) is a Spanish novelist and columnist.	Juan Soto Ivars	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Éric Chahi (born October 21, 1967) is a French computer game designer best known as the creator of Another World (also known as Out of This World in North America).	Éric Chahi	French
languages spoken or written	The Frankfort book fair; the Francofordiense emporium of Henri Estienne, ed. with historical introduction, original Latin text with English translation on opposite pages and notes, by James Westfall Thompson.	James Westfall Thompson	English
languages spoken or written	Tomoko Fuse (布施 知子, Fuse Tomoko, born in Niigata, 1951) is a Japanese origami artist and author of numerous books on the subject of modular origami, and is by many considered as a renowned master in such discipline.	Tomoko Fuse	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Martin Hengel (14 December 1926 -- 2 July 2009) was a German historian of religion, focusing on the ``Second Temple Period'' or ``Hellenistic Period'' of early Judaism and Christianity.	Martin Hengel	German
languages spoken or written	Diego Gambetta (b. Turin, 1952) is an Italian born social scientist.	Diego Gambetta	Italian
languages spoken or written	Xu Leiran (simplified Chinese: 许磊然; traditional Chinese: 許磊然; pinyin: Xǔ Leǐrán; 1918 - 26 June 2009) better known by her pen name Leiran (Chinese: 磊然; pinyin: Leǐrán).	Xu Leiran	Chinese
languages spoken or written	José Osorio y Silva (4 April 1825, Madrid - 30 December 1909, Madrid), 16th marquis of Alcañices and grandee of Spain, was a Spanish nobleman, politician and army officer.	José Osorio y Silva	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ludovico Geymonat (May 11, 1908 -- November 29, 1991) was an Italian Marxist philosopher, who gave an original turn to dialectical materialism.	Ludovico Geymonat	Italian
languages spoken or written	Svend Haugaard (1913--2003), was a Danish politician, member of Folketinget for the Social Liberal Party 1964-1979.	Svend Haugaard	Danish
languages spoken or written	Marc Marie, Marquis de Bombelles (1744-1822), French diplomat and ecclesiastic, was the son of Henri François de Bombelles, tutor and guardian of the duke of Orleans.	Marc Marie, Marquis de Bombelles	French
languages spoken or written	Laurence Tomson (1539--1608) was an English politician, author, and translator.	Laurence Tomson	English
languages spoken or written	Nikolaus von Jeroschin (ca. 1290-1341) was a 14th-century German chronicler of the Teutonic Knights in Prussia.	Nikolaus von Jeroschin	German
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Ludwig von Sckell (13 September 1750, Weilburg -- 24 February 1823) was a German landscape gardener from Weilburg an der Lahn.	Friedrich Ludwig von Sckell	German
languages spoken or written	Yin Haiguang (Chinese: 殷海光; pinyin: Yīn Haǐguāng; 5 December 1919 -- 16 September 1969) is a Chinese author, educator and philosopher from Taiwan.	Yin Haiguang	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Bodil Malmsten (19 August 1944 -- 5 February 2016) was a Swedish poet and novelist.	Bodil Malmsten	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Haim Hefer (Hebrew: חיים חפר‎; 9 October 1925 -- 18 September 2012) was an Israeli songwriter, poet and writer.	Haim Hefer	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Igor Yebra (born August 1, 1974, Bilbao) is a Spanish freelance ballet dancer.	Igor Yebra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Martín Sessé y Lacasta (1751 -- October 4, 1808) was a Spanish botanist, who relocated to New Spain (now Mexico) during the 18th century to study and classify the flora of the territory.	Martín Sessé y Lacasta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Edgell Rickword, MC (22 October 1898 -- 15 March 1982) was an English poet, critic, journalist and literary editor.	Edgell Rickword	English
languages spoken or written	Carlos Castrodeza Ruíz de la Cuesta (1945 -- April 2012) was a Spanish biologist and philosopher.	Carlos Castrodeza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Diego de Avendaño (1594 in Segovia -- 1698), was a Spanish-Peruvian Jesuit, a theologian, jurist and moral philosopher.	Diego de Avendaño	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Fernando Arbex Miró (28 May 1941 -- 5 July 2003) was an influential Spanish musician and songwriter from Madrid, who enjoyed success both with his own groups and also with other artists.	Fernando Arbex	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Léon Guillet (11 July 1873 -- 9 May 1946) was a French metallurgist, known for his work on stainless steels in the early 20th century.	Léon Guillet	French
languages spoken or written	Abba Eban (i/ˈæbə ˈiːbən/; Hebrew: אבא אבן‎ (ˈʔaba ˈʔevin); born Aubrey Solomon Meir Eban; later adopted Abba Solomon Meir Eban; 2 February 1915 -- 17 November 2002) was an Israeli diplomat and politician, and a scholar of the Arabic and Hebrew languages.	Abba Eban	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Pierre Soulé was born in 1801 Castillon-en-Couserans, a village in the French Pyrénées.	Pierre Soulé	French
languages spoken or written	John Sibthorp FRS (28 October 1758 -- 8 February 1796) was an English botanist.	John Sibthorp	English
languages spoken or written	Ivo Goldstein (born 16 March 1958) is a Croatian historian, author and ambassador.	Ivo Goldstein	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Claus Jacobi (4 January 1927 -- 17 August 2013) was the editor of the German news magazine Der Spiegel from 1962-1968.	Claus Jacobi	German
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Karl Theodor Zarncke (7 July 1825 -- 15 October 1891), German philologist, was born at Zahrensdorf, Mecklenburg-Schwerin, the son of a country pastor.	Friedrich Karl Theodor Zarncke	German
languages spoken or written	Nikolay Yakovlevich Sonin (Russian: Никола́й Я́ковлевич Со́нин, February 22, 1849 -- February 27, 1915) was a Russian mathematician.	Nikolay Yakovlevich Sonin	Russian
languages spoken or written	François Dalle (died August 9, 2005), was a French entrepreneur who served as CEO of French multinational cosmetics company L'Oréal between 1957 and 1984.	François Dalle	French
languages spoken or written	Francesc Cambó i Batlle (Catalan pronunciation: (fɾənˈsɛsk kəmˈbo); September 2, 1876 -- April 30, 1947) was a conservative Catalan politician, founder and leader of the autonomist party Lliga Regionalista.	Francesc Cambó	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Rajanikanta Bordoloi (Assamese: ৰজনীকান্ত বৰদলৈ) was a noted writer, journalist and tea planter from Assam, India.	Rajanikanta Bordoloi	Assamese
languages spoken or written	David Bellos (born 1945) is an English-born translator and biographer.	David Bellos	English
languages spoken or written	Edgar Hilsenrath (born 1926) is a German-Jewish writer living in Berlin.	Edgar Hilsenrath	German
languages spoken or written	Louis Gregh (16 March 1843 - 21 January 1915) was a French composer and music publisher.	Louis Gregh	French
languages spoken or written	Nagnath Lalujirao Kottapalle (Devanagari: नागनाथ लालूजीराव कोत्तापल्ले) is an educationist and Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Nagnath Lalujirao Kottapalle	Marathi
languages spoken or written	Florina Ilis (born 1968) is a contemporary Romanian writer who has published haiku volumes and novels.	Florina Ilis	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Serge Berstein (born in 1934) is a French historian, well known as a specialist of the French Third Republic.	Serge Berstein	French
languages spoken or written	Światopełk Karpiński (born 27 March 1909 - 21 April 1940 in Vilnius) was a Polish poet and satirist, brother of architect Zbigniew Karpiński.	Światopełk Karpiński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Klaus Groth (April 24, 1819 -- June 1, 1899) was a Low German poet.	Klaus Groth	Low German
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Żółkiewski (1547--1620) was a Polish nobleman of the Lubicz coat of arms, magnate and military commander of the Polish--	Stanisław Żółkiewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Türkan Saylan (December 13, 1935 -- May 18, 2009) was a Turkish medical doctor in dermatology, academic, writer, teacher and social activist.	Türkan Saylan	Turkish
languages spoken or written	François-Henry Laperrine (born Marie Joseph François Henry Laperrine d'Hautpoul, September 29, 1860 - March 5, 1920) was a French general who served during World War I.	François-Henry Laperrine	French
languages spoken or written	Sami Damian (sometimes referred to as S. Damian or Samy Damian (born Samuel Druckmann, 18 July 1930, Alba Iulia, Romania - 1 August 2012) was a Romanian-born Jewish literary critic and essayist.	Sami Damian	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Margarete Böhme (May 8, 1867 -- May 23, 1939) was, arguably, one of the most widely read German writers of the early 20th century.	Margarete Böhme	German
languages spoken or written	Torben Lund (born November 6, 1950 in Vejle) is a Danish politician, who served in the Folketing from 1981 to 1998 and in the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.	Torben Lund	Danish
languages spoken or written	August Kovačec (born in August 6, 1938) is Croatian linguist and Romanicist.	August Kovačec	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Florent Pagny (born 6 November 1961 in Chalon-sur-Saône, Saône-et-Loire) is a French musician and actor.	Florent Pagny	French
languages spoken or written	Victor Lemoine (October 21, 1823 in Delme, Moselle - December 11, 1911) was a celebrated and prolific French flower breeder who, among other accomplishments, created many of today's lilac varieties.	Victor Lemoine	French
languages spoken or written	Léon Dufourmentel (1884 -- July 29, 1957) was a French surgeon, son of a merchant, who specialized in maxillofacial surgery, leading to reconstructive surgery.	Léon Dufourmentel	French
languages spoken or written	Bernard Thévenet (French pronunciation: ​(bɛʁ.naʁ te.və.nɛ); born 10 January 1948) is a retired French bicycle racer.	Bernard Thévenet	French
languages spoken or written	Nicole Kiil-Nielsen (born 21 August 1949, in Larchamp) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election for the West France constituency.	Nicole Kiil-Nielsen	French
languages spoken or written	Jarosław Lipszyc (born 1975) - Polish poet and journalist, president of the board of Fundacja Nowoczesna Polska (Modern Poland Foundation) and of the Koalicja Otwartej Edukacji (Open Education Coalition), free culture activist.	Jarosław Lipszyc	Polish
languages spoken or written	Erich Mendelsohn (21 March 1887 -- 15 September 1953) was a Jewish German architect, known for his expressionist architecture in the 1920s, as well as for developing a dynamic functionalism in his projects for department stores and cinemas.	Erich Mendelsohn	German
languages spoken or written	Sheela (born 24 March 1945) is an Indian film actress who works predominantly in Malayalam cinema.	Sheela	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Hilmar Hoffmann (born 25 August 1925) is a German cultural worker and cultural functionary.	Hilmar Hoffmann	German
languages spoken or written	Charles Montagu Slater (23 September 1902 -- 19 December 1956) was an English poet, novelist, playwright and librettist.	Montagu Slater	English
languages spoken or written	Juan Ginés de Sepúlveda (1489/90 -- 17 November 1573) was a Spanish humanist, philosopher and theologian.	Juan Ginés de Sepúlveda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	David Shimoni (Hebrew: דוד שמעוני) (August 25, 1891 -- December 10, 1956) was an Israeli poet, writer and translator.	David Shimoni	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Mahua Roychoudhury (Bengali: মহুয়া রায়চৌধুরী), (24 September 1958 -- 22 July 1986) was an indian film actress.	Mahua Roychoudhury	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Ling Jiefang (Chinese: 凌解放; born November 3, 1945), better known by his pen name Eryue He (Chinese: 二月河; literally: ``February River''), is a Chinese historical fiction writer.	Eryue He	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Jean Marguerite Bachelier (4 December 1751 -- 10 August 1843) was a French notary and revolutionary.	Jean Marguerite Bachelier	French
languages spoken or written	Henri H. Stahl (also known as Henry H. Stahl or H. H. Stahl; 1901--9 September 1991) was a Romanian Marxist cultural anthropologist, ethnographer, sociologist, and social historian.	Henri H. Stahl	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Emilio ``El Indio'' Fernández (born Emilio Fernández Romo, Spanish: (eˈmiljo feɾˈnandes ˈromo); March 26, 1904 -- August 6, 1986) was a Mexican film director, actor and screenwriter.	Emilio Fernández	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir William Bovill PC QC FRS (26 May 1814 -- 1 November 1873) was an English lawyer, politician and judge.	William Bovill	English
languages spoken or written	Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel KG, (7 July 1586 -- 4 October 1646) was a prominent English courtier during the reigns of King James I and King Charles I, but he made his name as a Grand Tourist and art collector rather than as a politician.	Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel	English
languages spoken or written	Harald Haarmann (born 1946) is a German linguist and cultural scientist who lives and works in Finland.	Harald Haarmann	German
languages spoken or written	Đurađ Branković (pronounced (d͡ʑûrad͡ʑ brǎːŋko̞ʋit͡ɕ); Serbian Cyrillic: Ђурађ Бранковић; Hungarian: Brankovics György; 1377 -- 24 December 1456) was the Serbian Despot from 1427 to 1456 and a baron of the Kingdom of Hungary.	Đurađ Branković	Serbian
languages spoken or written	T'ang Leang-Li spoke English better than Chinese.	T'ang Leang-Li	English
languages spoken or written	Guillaume Poyet (c. 1473 -- April 1548) was a French magistrate born in Angers.	Guillaume Poyet	French
languages spoken or written	George Percy Badger (1815--1888) was an English Anglican missionary, and a scholar of oriental studies.	George Percy Badger	English
languages spoken or written	Richard Laqueur (March 27, 1881 -- November 25, 1959) was a German historian and philologist born in Strassburg.	Richard Laqueur	German
languages spoken or written	Stefano D'Arrigo (15 October 1919 -- 2 May 1992) was an Italian writer.	Stefano D'Arrigo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Csaba Pléh (born November 29, 1945) is a Hungarian psychologist and linguist, professor at the Department of Cognitive Science, Budapest University of Technology and Economics.	Csaba Pléh	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	María Rodríguez Garrido, also known as La Mala, La Mala María, or Mala Rodríguez (Mala, Spanish for bad), is a Latin Grammy Award-winning Spanish hip hop singer.	Mala Rodríguez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gil Vicente (Portuguese: (ˈʒiɫ viˈsẽtɨ); c.1465 -- c. 1536), called the Trobadour, was a Portuguese playwright and poet who acted in and directed his own plays.	Gil Vicente	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Mary Begoña (born 1929 in Bilbao, Spain) was the stage name of María Bragas Begoña who was a Spanish vedette and actress.	Mary Begoña	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Suzanne Basdevant Bastid (15 August 1906 -- 2 March 1995) was a French professor of law who specialized in international public law.	Suzanne Basdevant	French
languages spoken or written	Hubert-Félix Thiéfaine (French pronunciation: ​(ybɛʁ feliks tjefɛn)) is a French pop-rock singer and songwriter.	Hubert-Félix Thiéfaine	French
languages spoken or written	Niurka Montalvo Amaro (born June 4, 1968 in Havana) is a former Cuban and Spanish athlete who specialised in the long jump and triple jump events.	Niurka Montalvo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Michel de Certeau (French: sɛʁto; 17 May 1925 -- 9 January 1986) was a French Jesuit and scholar whose work combined history, psychoanalysis, philosophy, and the social sciences.	Michel de Certeau	French
languages spoken or written	Alfredo Trombetti (January 16, 1866 in Bologna -- July 5, 1929 in Venice), was an Italian linguist active in the early 20th century.	Alfredo Trombetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ferenc A. Váli (May 25, 1905 - November 19, 1984) was a Hungarian lawyer, author, and political analyst specialising in International Law.	Ferenc A. Váli	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Ana Isabel Alonso Gómez (born on 11 November 1964 in Baracaldo, Vizcaya), better known as Anabel Alonso, is a Spanish comedy actress that has appeared in theatre plays, movies and television shows, including the popular sitcom 7 Vidas and the movie Finding Nemo (as the voice of Dory).	Anabel Alonso	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Samuel Gotthold Lange (born 22 March 1711 in Halle (Saale); died 25 June 1781 in Beesenlaublingen, Bernburg district) was a German poet.	Samuel Gotthold Lange	German
languages spoken or written	Ana Tena Puy (born 1966) is an Aragonese writer in Ribagorçan Aragonese.	Ana Tena	Aragonese
languages spoken or written	Shathel Taqa, (in Arabic:شاذل طاقة 28 April 1929 -- 20 October 1974), an Iraqi poet, diplomat and politician.	Shathel Taqa	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Joan Perez de Lazarraga, Lord of Larrea Tower (1548? -- April 11, 1605) was a Basque writer, who was born and died in Larrea, Álava.	Joan Perez de Lazarraga	Basque
languages spoken or written	William Snelgrave was an English sea captain, slave trader, and ivory trader on the West African coast.	William Snelgrave	English
languages spoken or written	Idichapuli Selvaraj (c. 1939 -- 30 January 2012) was a veteran Tamil comedy actor.	Idichapuli Selvaraj	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Joseph Halévy (December 15, 1827 in Adrianople -- 1917) was an Ottoman born Jewish-French Orientalist and traveller.	Joseph Halévy	French
languages spoken or written	Sergi Belbel i Coslado (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsɛrʒi βəɫˈβɛɫ)) (1963--) is a Catalan-Spanish playwright, and as of 2005 the director of the Teatre Nacional de Catalunya.	Sergi Belbel	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johann Joachim Spalding (1 November 1714 -- 25 May 1804) was a German Protestant theologian and philosopher of Scottish ancestry who was a native of Tribsees, Swedish Pomerania.	Johann Joachim Spalding	German
languages spoken or written	Mieczysław Romanowski (1833--1863) was a Polish Romantic poet.	Mieczysław Romanowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Lovell Beddoes (30 June 1803 -- 26 January 1849) was an English poet, dramatist and physician.	Thomas Lovell Beddoes	English
languages spoken or written	Lieutenant-General Harry Mordaunt (29 March 1663 -- 4 January 1720) was an English soldier.	Harry Mordaunt	English
languages spoken or written	Sébastien Loeb (French pronunciation: ​(sebastjɛ̃ lœb); born 26 February 1974) is a French professional rally and racing driver.	Sébastien Loeb	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Nouvel (French: (ʒɑ̃ nu.vɛl); born 12 August 1945) is a French architect.	Jean Nouvel	French
languages spoken or written	Jill Murphy (born 5 July 1949) is an English writer and illustrator of children's books, best known for the Worst Witch novels and the ``Large Family'' picture books.	Jill Murphy	English
languages spoken or written	Miljenko Jergović (born 1966 in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian and Croatian prose writer.	Miljenko Jergović	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Juan José Domenchina Moreu (18 May 1898 -- 27 October 1959) was a Spanish poet and literary critic from the ``Generation of '27''.	Juan José Domenchina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jaume Collet-Serra (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈʒawmə kuˈʎɛt ˈsɛrə); born 23 March 1974) is a Spanish film director and producer.	Jaume Collet-Serra	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claude Alexandre Albert Falsan (14 May 1833, Lyon -- 12 February 1902, Saint-Cyr-au-Mont-d'Or) was a French geologist and glaciologist.	Albert Falsan	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Liger (1658--1717) was a French agronomist and prolific writer on flora and fauna.	Louis Liger	French
languages spoken or written	Lance Sieveking (19 March 1896 -- 6 January 1972) was an English writer and pioneer BBC radio and television producer.	Lance Sieveking	English
languages spoken or written	Laura Grimaldi (1928 -- 3 July 2012) was an Italian writer and translator from English.	Laura Grimaldi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ahaana Krishna is an Indian actress from Trivandrum working for Malayalam films and is a college student.She made her debut in Njan Steve Lopez	Ahaana Krishna	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Ovidie is a French director, producer, journalist and writer.	Ovidie	French
languages spoken or written	André Hugon (17 December 1886 -- 22 August 1960) was a French film director, screenwriter and film producer best known for his silent films from 1913 onwards particularly of the 1920s and into sound.	André Hugon	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Geoffrey Jellicoe (8 October 1900 -- 17 July 1996) was an English architect, town planner, landscape architect, garden designer and author.	Geoffrey Jellicoe	English
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Antonio Dosio (1533--1611) was an Italian architect and sculptor.	Giovanni Antonio Dosio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Richard Courant (January 8, 1888 -- January 27, 1972) was a German American mathematician.	Richard Courant	German
languages spoken or written	Alfonso d'Avalos d'Aquino, VI marquis of Pescara and II of Vasto (1502 -- 31 March 1546), was a condottiero of Spanish-Italian origin.	Alfonso d'Avalos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Martin Conway, 1st Baron Conway of Allington (12 April 1856 -- 19 April 1937), known between 1895 and 1931 as Sir Martin Conway, was an English art critic, politician, cartographer and mountaineer.	Martin Conway, 1st Baron Conway of Allington	English
languages spoken or written	Leopold Lewin (28 July 1910 in Piotrków Trybunalski -- 7 December 1995 in Warsaw) was a Polish poet, journalist and translator.	Leopold Lewin	Polish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Román (9 November 1911 -- 16 June 1989) was a top Spanish film director, screenwriter, film producer and film critic.	Antonio Román	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Guru Somasundaram is an Indian actor who has appeared in Tamil language films.	Guru Somasundaram	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Stanley Leighton (1837 -- 4 May 1901) was an English barrister, landowner, artist and Conservative politician.	Stanley Leighton	English
languages spoken or written	Izabela Filipiak (born 1961 in Gdynia) is a Polish writer, an essayist, a columnist, and a scholar.	Izabela Filipiak	Polish
languages spoken or written	Accius was a Latin poet of the 16th century, to whom is attributed a paraphrase of Aesop's Fables, of which Julius Scaliger speaks with great praise.	Accius	Latin
languages spoken or written	Tsai Chih Chung (Chinese: 蔡志忠; pinyin: Cài Zhìzhōng; born 1948) is a famous cartoonist born in Huatan, Changhua County, Taiwan of Taiwanese origins.	Tsai Chih Chung	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Jean Nougayrol was a French cuneiformist who studied a number of the Amarna letters.	Jean Nougayrol	French
languages spoken or written	Marie Calm (April 3, 1832, Bad Arolsen, Waldeck -- February 22, 1887, Cassel, Germany) was a German author, feminist and advocate of women's suffrage.	Marie Calm	German
languages spoken or written	Sir John Stainer (6 June 1840 -- 31 March 1901) was an English composer and organist whose music, though not generally much performed today (except for The Crucifixion, still heard at Passiontide in many churches of the Anglican Communion), was very popular during his lifetime.	John Stainer	English
languages spoken or written	Marguerite Monnot (28 May 1903 -- 12 October 1961) was a French songwriter and composer best known for having written many of the songs performed by Édith Piaf (``Milord'', ``Hymne à l'amour'') and for the music in the stage musical Irma La Douce.	Marguerite Monnot	French
languages spoken or written	Bi Feiyu (Chinese: 毕飞宇; pinyin: Bì Fēiyǔ, born 1964) is a Chinese writer.	Bi Feiyu	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Antonio Brucioli (born c. 1498, died December 6, 1566) was an Italian humanist, religious thinker, publisher, and writer best known for his translation of the Bible into Italian.	Antonio Brucioli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ferdinand August Bebel (22 February 1840 -- 13 August 1913) was a German socialist politician, writer, and orator.	August Bebel	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Delesalle (29 July 1870 -- 8 April 1948) was a French anarchist and syndicalist who was prominent in the trade union movement.	Paul Delesalle	French
languages spoken or written	Lennart Rodhe (November 15, 1916 -- January 17, 2005) was a Swedish artist, painter and printmaker.	Lennart Rodhe	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Nunzio Gallo (25 March 1928 -- 22 February 2008) was an Italian singer.	Nunzio Gallo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Georg August Pritzel (2 September 1815, Carolath -- 14 June 1874) was a German librarian and botanical writer.	Georg August Pritzel	German
languages spoken or written	Francesco Crispi (October 4, 1818 -- August 11, 1901) was an Italian patriot and statesman.	Francesco Crispi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Raymond Kopa (French pronunciation: ​(rɛmɔ̃ kɔˈpa); born 13 October 1931) is a former French footballer, integral to the French national team of the 1950s.	Raymond Kopa	French
languages spoken or written	Régis Loisel (born 4 December 1951) is a French comics writer and artist, best known for the long-running series La Quête de l'oiseau du temps, written by Serge Le Tendre.	Régis Loisel	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Melchior, Baron von Grimm (26 December 1723 -- 19 December 1807) was a German-born French-language journalist, art critic, diplomat and contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences, des arts et des métiers.	Friedrich Melchior, Baron von Grimm	French
languages spoken or written	Richard Sherry (fl. 1550) was an English schoolteacher and author.	Richard Sherry	English
languages spoken or written	Anton Kutter (born 13 June 1903 in Biberach an der Riß, died 1 February 1985 in Biberach) was a German film director and screenwriter.	Anton Kutter	German
languages spoken or written	Wen Yiduo (born Wén Jiāhuá 聞家驊; 24 November 1899 -- 15 July 1946) was a Chinese poet and scholar.	Wen Yiduo	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Albert Leo Schlageter ((ˈalbɛʁtə ˈleːo ˈʃlaɡɛtɐ); 12 August 1894 -- 26 May 1923) was a member of the German Freikorps.	Albert Leo Schlageter	German
languages spoken or written	Washington Irving's parents were William Irving, Sr., originally of Quholm, Shapinsay, Orkney, and Sarah (née Sanders), Scottish-English immigrants.	Washington Irving	English
languages spoken or written	Nawal El Saadawi (Arabic: نوال السعداوى‎, born October 27, 1931) is an Egyptian feminist writer, activist, physician and psychiatrist.	Nawal El Saadawi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Christophe Gans (born 11 March 1960 in Antibes, France) is a French film director, producer and screenwriter, who specializes in horror, fantasy movies and video game adaptations.	Christophe Gans	French
languages spoken or written	Fu Lei (Chinese: 傅雷; courtesy name Nu'an 怒安, pseudonym Nu'an 怒庵; 1908--1966) was a famous Chinese translator and art critic.	Fu Lei	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Bernard Buffet (10 July 1928 -- 4 October 1999) was a French painter of Expressionism and a member of the anti-abstract art group ``L'homme Témoin'' (the Witness-Man).	Bernard Buffet	French
languages spoken or written	Metin Erksan (January 1, 1929 -- August 4, 2012), born İsmail Metin Karamanbey, was a Turkish film director and art historian.	Metin Erksan	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Daniele Ricciarelli (c. 1509 -- 4 April 1566), better known as Daniele da Volterra, was a Mannerist Italian painter and sculptor.	Daniele da Volterra	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juncal Rivero (born 31 August 1966) is a Spanish model actress.	Juncal Rivero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Ibáñez Martín (born 18 December 1896 in Valbona, Aragon - died 21 December 1969 in Madrid) was a Spanish politician who was a long-serving member of the Cabinet of Francisco Franco.	José Ibáñez Martín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mauritz Stiller (17 July 1883 -- 18 November 1928) was a Finnish-Swedish film director, best known for discovering Greta Garbo and bringing her to America.	Mauritz Stiller	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Ahmet Yorulmaz (1932 -- 31 March 2014) was a Turkish journalist, novelist and translator.	Ahmet Yorulmaz	Turkish
languages spoken or written	József Ékes (born August 15, 1951) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Ajka (Veszprém County Constituency I) between 2010 and 2014.	József Ékes	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Louis Burnouf (14 September 1775, in Urville, Manche -- 8 May 1844) was a French philologist and translator.	Jean-Louis Burnouf	French
languages spoken or written	(French) Yves Vasseur, Franco Dragone: une part de rêve, Éd.	Franco Dragone	French
languages spoken or written	Prince Aleksander Antoni Sapieha (1773-1812) was a Polish nobleman, miecznik of the Duchy of Warsaw, naturalist, traveler, politician, chamberlain and adjutant of Emperor Napoleon I.	Aleksander Antoni Sapieha	Polish
languages spoken or written	Manuel Marín González (born 21 October 1949) is a Spanish politician, former President of the Congress of Deputies of Spain.	Manuel Marín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gnanam Balasubramanian, popularly known as Bombay Gnanam, is a Tamil stage and television / film actress.	Bombay Gnanam	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Hugo Haase (29 September 1863 -- 7 November 1919) was a German socialist politician, jurist and pacifist.	Hugo Haase	German
languages spoken or written	Hubert Mordek (8 May 1939, Namslau - 17 March 2006, Karlsbad-Langensteinbach) was a German historian.	Hubert Mordek	German
languages spoken or written	Maria Corti (7 September 1915 -- 22 February 2002) was an Italian philologist, literary critic, and novelist.	Maria Corti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Madhulika Liddle (born 8 January 1973) is an Indian writer who writes in English.	Madhulika Liddle	English
languages spoken or written	Kristiane Backer (December 13, 1965 in Hamburg) is a German television presenter, television journalist and author residing in London.	Kristiane Backer	German
languages spoken or written	Michel Conte (Villeneuve-sur-Lot 17 July 1932 -- 5 January 2008) was a French born, naturalized French Canadian choreographer, lyricist and composer of film music and television music.	Michel Conte	French
languages spoken or written	Panait Istrati (Romanian: (panaˈit isˈtrati); sometimes rendered as Panaït Istrati; August 10, 1884 -- April 16, 1935) was a Romanian working class writer, who wrote in French and Romanian, nicknamed The Maxim Gorky of the Balkans.	Panait Istrati	French
languages spoken or written	Shaktipada Rajguru (Bengali: শক্তিপদ রাজগুরু) (1 February 1922 -- 12 June 2014) was an Indian Bengali writer.	Shaktipada Rajguru	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Karl Vennberg (11 April 1910 -- 12 May 1995) was a Swedish poet, writer and translator.	Karl Vennberg	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Eduardo Toba Muíño (14 May 1923-1 August 2001) was a Spanish football manager.	Eduardo Toba	Spanish
languages spoken or written	János Sebestyén (2 March 1931 -- 4 February 2012) was a Hungarian organist, harpsichordist and pianist.	János Sebestyén	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	François Joseph Lagrange-Chancel (January 1, 1677 -- December 26, 1758), born at Périgueux, was a French dramatist and satirist.	François Joseph Lagrange-Chancel	French
languages spoken or written	Witold Doroszewski (1899--1976) was a Polish lexicographer and linguist.	Witold Doroszewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Christian Ludwig Schuncke (21 December 1810 -- 7 December 1834) was a German pianist and composer, and close friend of Robert Schumann.	Ludwig Schuncke	German
languages spoken or written	Guillermo Morphy y Ferríz de Guzmán, best known as Conde Morphy or Count Morphy (February 29, 1836 -- August 27, 1899 in Madrid) was a Spanish aristocrat, music critic, musicologist, historian, educator, composer and politician.	Guillermo Morphy	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eden Phillpotts (4 November 1862 -- 29 December 1960) was an English author, poet and dramatist.	Eden Phillpotts	English
languages spoken or written	Juan Palarea y Blanes, also known by his alias el Médico (December 27, 1780 - March 7, 1842) was a Spanish guerrillero commander during the Peninsular War, Medical Practitioner, and Spanish Politician.	Juan Palarea y Blanes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ulla Isaksson (22 June 1916 -- 24 April 2000) was a Swedish author and screenplay writer.	Ulla Isaksson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jaume Cascalls (early 14th century -- 1378) was a Spanish sculptor, born in Berga.	Jaume Cascalls	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Per Knutsen (born 4 August 1951) is a Norwegian novelist, author of children's literature, crime writer and playwright.	Per Knutsen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Auguste Laurent (14 September 1808 -- 23 April 1853) was a French chemist who helped in the founding of organic chemistry with his discoveries of anthracene, phthalic acid, and carbolic acid.	Auguste Laurent	French
languages spoken or written	Bertrand Favreau is a French lawyer born in Bordeaux in 1947.	Bertrand Favreau	French
languages spoken or written	Roh Moo-hyun (Hangul: 노무현; hanja: 盧武鉉; Korean pronunciation: (no mu hjʌn)) GOM (1 September 1946 -- 23 May 2009) was the ninth President of the Republic of Korea (2003--2008).	Roh Moo-hyun	Korean
languages spoken or written	Mathieu Tillet (10 November 1714 Bordeaux - 13 December 1791) was a French botanist, agronomist, metallurgist and administrator.	Mathieu Tillet	French
languages spoken or written	Edward Pococke (baptised 8 November 1604 -- 10 September 1691) was an English Orientalist and biblical scholar.	Edward Pococke	English
languages spoken or written	Heinz Paul (1893--1983) was a German screenwriter, film producer and director.	Heinz Paul	German
languages spoken or written	Autpert Ambrose (Ambroise) (Latin: Ambrosius Autpertus) (ca. 730 -- 784) was a Frankish Benedictine monk.	Autpert Ambrose	Latin
languages spoken or written	Gaston Fessard (1897--1978) was a French Jesuit and theologian.	Gaston Fessard	French
languages spoken or written	David Warrilow (28 December 1934 -- 17 August 1995) was an English actor best known as one of the ``finest interpreters of Samuel Beckett's work``.	David Warrilow	English
languages spoken or written	Wolf Lepenies (born 11 January 1941) is a German sociologist, political scientist, and author.	Wolf Lepenies	German
languages spoken or written	Gabriela Mistral (Spanish: (ɡaˈβɾjela misˈt̪ɾal); 7 April 1889 -- 10 January 1957) was the pseudonym of Lucila Godoy y Alcayaga, a Chilean poet-diplomat, educator and feminist.	Gabriela Mistral	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Asa Kasher (Hebrew: אסא כשר‎, born on June 6, 1940) is an Israeli philosopher and linguist working as a Professor at Tel Aviv University and at Shalem College, Israel.	Asa Kasher	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Issa Makhlouf (Arabic:عيسى مخلوف) is a Lebanese writer and poet who lives in Paris where he is currently the News Director at Radio Orient.	Issa Makhlouf	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Ebenezer Elliott (17 March 1781 -- 1 December 1849) was an English poet, known as the Corn Law rhymer for his leading the fight to repeal the Corn Laws which were causing hardship and starvation among the poor.	Ebenezer Elliott	English
languages spoken or written	Eldrid Lunden (born 5 October 1940) is a Norwegian poet, and Norway's first professor in creative writing, at Telemark University College.	Eldrid Lunden	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Jatindra Nath Duwara (Assamese: যতীন্দ্ৰনাথ দুৱৰা; 1892-1964) was a notable poet of the Jonaki era of Assamese literature.	Jatindra Nath Duwara	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Raghunath Choudhary (Assamese: ৰঘূনাথ চৌধাৰী; 1879--1967) was a notable writer of the Jonaki era of Assamese literature.	Raghunath Choudhary	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Thomas Hoepker (German: Thomas Höpker; 10 June 1936 in Munich, Germany) is a German photographer and member of Magnum Photos known for stylish color photo features.	Thomas Hoepker	German
languages spoken or written	Hope Emily Allen (1883--1960), an independent medieval scholar, is best known for her research on the 14th-century English mystic Richard Rolle and for her discovery of the Book of Margery Kempe.	Hope Emily Allen	English
languages spoken or written	René Mioch (born in Waalwijk, March 6, 1959) is a Dutch journalist and presenter for radio and television.	René Mioch	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Charles-Gaspard Delestre-Poirson, known as Delestre-Poirson (22 August 1790, Paris - 19 November 1859) was a French playwright and theatre director.	Charles-Gaspard Delestre-Poirson	French
languages spoken or written	Michael von Albrecht (born August 22, 1933 in Stuttgart) is a German classical scholar and translator.	Michael von Albrecht	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Benoît-Lévy (1888--1959) was a French film director and producer.	Jean Benoît-Lévy	French
languages spoken or written	Simón de Colonia (died 1511) was a Spanish architect and sculptor, son of architect Juan de Colonia and father of architect and sculptor Francisco de Colonia.	Simón de Colonia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antonio José ``Kitín'' Muñoz y Valcárcel or Kitín Muñoz (born 19 November 1958 in Sidi Ifni, Morocco) is a Spanish navigator, scientist, and sociological explorer.	Kitín Muñoz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Olga Benário Prestes (February 12, 1908 -- April 23, 1942) was a German-Brazilian communist militant.	Olga Benário Prestes	German
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Antonio Amedeo Plana (6 November 1781 -- 20 January 1864) was an Italian astronomer and mathematician.	Giovanni Antonio Amedeo Plana	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste-Édouard Gélineau (23 December 1828 -- 2 March 1906) was the French physician who first described narcolepsy.	Jean-Baptiste-Édouard Gélineau	French
languages spoken or written	Christian Friedrich Heinrich Wimmer (October 30, 1803 -- March 12, 1868) was a German botanist and educator who was a native of Breslau.	Christian Friedrich Heinrich Wimmer	German
languages spoken or written	Menashe Kadishman (Hebrew: מנשה קדישמן; August 21, 1932 - May 8, 2015) was an Israeli sculptor and painter.	Menashe Kadishman	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Siméon Denis Poisson (French: (si.me.ɔ̃ də.ni pwa.sɔ̃); 21 June 1781 -- 25 April 1840), was a French mathematician, geometer, and physicist.	Siméon Denis Poisson	French
languages spoken or written	Nalapat Narayana Menon (October 7, 1887 -- October 31, 1954) was a Malayalam language author from Kerala state, South India.	Nalapat Narayana Menon	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Alfons Mitgutsch, known as Ali Mitgutsch, born August 21, 1935 in Munich, Germany, is a German author of picture books and professional advertising Illustrator.	Ali Mitgutsch	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Manuel Sánchez Gordillo (Spanish: (ˈxwan maˈnwel ˈsantʃeθ ɣoɾˈðiʎo); born 5 February 1952) is a Spanish politician, labour leader and history school teacher.	Juan Manuel Sánchez Gordillo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Louis Constant Wairy (1778--1845) was valet to Napoleon, Emperor of the French.	Louis Constant Wairy	French
languages spoken or written	Prince Moulay Hicham of Morocco (Arabic: الأمير مولاي هشام بن عبد الله‎, born 4 March 1964) is the first cousin of the current King Mohammed VI and Prince Moulay Rachid.	Prince Moulay Hicham of Morocco	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Vera Molnár (born 1924) is a French media artist of Hungarian origin.	Vera Molnár	French
languages spoken or written	Stanislas de Guaita (6 April 1861, Tarquimpol, Moselle -- 19 December 1897, Tarquimpol) was a French poet based in Paris, an expert on esotericism and European mysticism, and an active member of the Rosicrucian Order.	Stanislas de Guaita	French
languages spoken or written	John Frith (1503 -- 4 July 1533) was an English Protestant priest, writer, and martyr.	John Frith	English
languages spoken or written	Mitch Murray (born Lionel Michael Stitcher, 30 January 1940, Hove, Sussex, England), is an English songwriter, record producer and author.	Mitch Murray	English
languages spoken or written	Eduard Limonov (Russian: Эдуа́рд Лимо́нов, real name Eduard Veniaminovich Savenko, Russian: Эдуа́рд Вениами́нович Саве́нко; born 2 February 1943) is a Russian writer and political dissident.	Eduard Limonov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Sir James Pennethorne (4 June 1801 -- 1 September 1871) was a 19th-century English architect and planner, particularly associated with buildings and parks in central London.	James Pennethorne	English
languages spoken or written	Julie Zenatti, (born 5 February 1981), is a French singer celebrity.	Julie Zenatti	French
languages spoken or written	Alonso de Olmedo y Ormeño (1626--1682) was a Spanish actor, playwright and writer.	Alonso de Olmedo y Ormeño	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Aleksandra Ziółkowska-Boehm, or Aleksandra Ziolkowska-Boehm (born 15 April 1949, Łódź, Poland), is a Polish-born U.S.-based writer and academic.	Aleksandra Ziółkowska-Boehm	Polish
languages spoken or written	Humphry Ditton (29 May 1675 -- 15 October 1715) was an English mathematician.	Humphry Ditton	English
languages spoken or written	Miodrag Pavlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Миодраг Павловић; listen ; born on 28 November 1928 in Novi Sad, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, died 17 August 2014), was a Serbian poet, writer and critic.	Miodrag Pavlović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Pál Vastagh (born 23 September 1946) is a Hungarian politician and jurist, who served as Minister of Justice between 1994 and 1998.	Pál Vastagh	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Jean Favier (2 April 1932 -- 12 August 2014) was a French historian, who specialized in Medieval history.	Jean Favier	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Louis Forain (23 October 1852 -- 11 July 1931) was a French Impressionist painter, lithographer, watercolorist and etcher.	Jean-Louis Forain	French
languages spoken or written	Sir George Scharf KCB (16 December 1820 -- 19 April 1895) was an English art critic, illustrator, and director of the National Portrait Gallery.	George Scharf	English
languages spoken or written	Antoine Halley (1593 -- 3 June 1675) was a French professor and poet.	Antoine Halley	French
languages spoken or written	Albert Ulrik Bååth (13 July 1853 Malmö, Sweden - 2 August 1912 Göteborg, Sweden) was a Swedish poet and author, often seen as A.U. Bååth.	Albert Ulrik Bååth	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Sister (Spanish: Sor) Tadea de San Joaquín (c. 1750-1827) was a Carmelite nun and writer of the Chilean Colonial period who wrote Catholic confessional ballad about the great flood of 1783.	Tadea de San Joaquín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Shaam tried his luck in Hindi with director Faisal Saif in the Hindi-Tamil bilingual titled Mujhe Maaf Karo.	Shaam	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Martín de Ursúa (or Urzúa) y Arizmendi (February 22, 1653 -- February 4, 1715), Count of Lizárraga and of Castillo, was a Spanish Basque conquistador in Central America during the late colonial period of New Spain.	Martín de Ursúa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	K. P. Ummer (Malayalam: കെ പി ഉമ്മർ (Kachinamthoduka Purayil Ummer), 11 October 1930 -- 29 October 2001) was a Malayalam cinema actor from Thekkepuram quarter of Kozhikode, Kerala, India.	K. P. Ummer	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Count Gustaf Philip Creutz (1 May 1731 in Anjala, Finland -- 30 October 1785 in Stockholm), was a Swedish statesman, diplomat and poet.	Gustaf Philip Creutz	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Justin Marozzi (born 1970) is an English journalist, historian and travel writer.	Justin Marozzi	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Landon Ronald (born Landon Ronald Russell) (7 June 1873 -- 14 August 1938) was an English conductor, composer, pianist, teacher and administrator.	Landon Ronald	English
languages spoken or written	John Lubbock, 3rd Baron Avebury (13 May 1915 -- 21 June 1971) was an English peer.	John Lubbock, 3rd Baron Avebury	English
languages spoken or written	Andrzej Szczypiorski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈandʐeɪ̯ ʂt͡ʂɨˈpʲɔrski), listen; 3 February 1928 -- 16 May 2000) was a Polish novelist and politician.	Andrzej Szczypiorski	Polish
languages spoken or written	François Collignon (c. 1609 - 18 January 1687) was a French engraver, print-seller and publisher.	François Collignon	French
languages spoken or written	Lodowick Carlell (1602--1675), also Carliell or Carlile, was a seventeenth-century English playwright, active mainly during the Caroline era and the Commonwealth period.	Lodowick Carlell	English
languages spoken or written	Théodore Eugène César Ruyssen (11 August 1868 - 5 May 1967) was a French historian of philosophy and pacifist.	Théodore Eugène César Ruyssen	French
languages spoken or written	Lucie, Lady Duff-Gordon (1821--1869) was an English author and translator who wrote under the name Lucie Gordon.	Lucie, Lady Duff-Gordon	English
languages spoken or written	Božo Biškupić (born in Mala Mlaka near Zagreb, 26 April 1938) is a Croatian politician and lawyer.	Božo Biškupić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Pierre Allain (7 January 1904 -- 19 December 2000) was a French alpinist who began climbing in the 1920s.	Pierre Allain	French
languages spoken or written	Franz Xaver Niemetschek (Czech: František Xaver Němeček; Polish: Niemeczek) (Sadská, Bohemia, 24 July 1766 -- 19 March 1849, Vienna) was a Czech philosopher, teacher and music critic.	Franz Xaver Niemetschek	Czech
languages spoken or written	Gian Carlo Passeroni (8 March 1713 -- 26 December 1803) was an Italian satirical poet, the most important of the 18th-century Nice poets.	Gian Carlo Passeroni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Uma Riyaz Khan (Tamil: உமா ரியாஸ் கான்) is an Indian Tamil actress.	Uma Riyaz Khan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Michel de l'Hôpital (or l'Hospital) (1507 -- 13 March 1573) was a French statesman.	Michel de l'Hôpital	French
languages spoken or written	Gilles Palsky (born 1958), is a French geographer and Professor at the Pantheon-Sorbonne University in Paris, France from 2007 to 2015.	Gilles Palsky	French
languages spoken or written	Zhou Long (simplified Chinese: 周龙; traditional Chinese: 周龍; pinyin: Zhōu Lóng; born July 8, 1953 in Beijing, China) is a Pulitzer-prize-winning Chinese American composer.	Zhou Long	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Chow Ching Lie (Chinese: 周勤丽; pinyin: Zhōu Qínlì; born 1936 in Shanghai) is a Chinese-French writer and a classical pianist.	Chow Ching Lie	French
languages spoken or written	Donato Ndongo-Bidyogo (born 1950 in Niefang, Spanish Guinea) is an Equatorial Guinean writer/journalist and part of a movement of young Afro-descended authors who have contributed their African experience and traditions to Hispanic culture.	Donato Ndongo-Bidyogo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Liu Heng (Chinese: 刘恒; pinyin: Liú Héng; born in May, 1954) is a Chinese writer.	Liu Heng	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Du Fu (Wade--Giles: Tu Fu; Chinese: 杜甫; 712 -- 770) was a prominent Chinese poet of the Tang dynasty.	Du Fu	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Elena Arnedo Soriano (25 November 1941 -- 7 September 2015) was a Spanish gynecologist, writer, and women's rights activist.	Elena Arnedo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Annabel Jankel (born 1 June 1955) is an English film and TV director who first came to prominence as a music video director and the co-creator and director of the pioneering cyber-character Max Headroom.	Annabel Jankel	English
languages spoken or written	Charles-Émile Reynaud (8 December 1844 -- 9 January 1918) was a French inventor, responsible for the first projected animated cartoons.	Charles-Émile Reynaud	French
languages spoken or written	Baltasar de Mendoza y Sandoval (1653 -- 1727) was a Spanish bishop who headed the Spanish Inquisition from 1699 to 1704.	Baltasar de Mendoza y Sandoval	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Leticia Perdigón (Spanish pronunciation: (leˈtisja perðiˈɣon); born Guadalupe Leticia Perdigón Labrador on August 7, 1956 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican film and television actress who has appeared in more than forty TV shows and fifty films since 1973.	Leticia Perdigón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Elicura Chihuailaf Nahuelpán (Spanish pronunciation: (e̞liˈkura t͡ʃiwai̯ˈlaf nawe̞lˈpan), 1952 in Quechurehue, Cautín Province) is a Mapuche Chilean poet and author whose works are written both in Mapudungun and in Spanish, and have been translated into many other languages as well.	Elicura Chihuailaf	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claude Pinoteau (25 May 1925 -- 5 October 2012) was a French film director and scriptwriter.	Claude Pinoteau	French
languages spoken or written	Ernest Koliqi (1903--1975) was an Albanian-Italian poet, prose writer, dramatist, and literary scholar and translator.	Ernest Koliqi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kim Young-moo (김영무, 1944 - 26 November 2001) was a South Korean poet, literary critic and translator born in Paju near Seoul.	Kim Young-moo	Korean
languages spoken or written	Behçet Necatigil (b. April 16, 1916 -- December 13, 1979) was a leading Turkish author, poet and translator.	Behçet Necatigil	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Sir Stephen Lushington, 1st Baronet (17 June 1744 -- 12 January 1807), of South Hill Park in Easthampstead, Berkshire, was an English Member of Parliament and Chairman of the East India Company.	Sir Stephen Lushington, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Lizet (1482 -- 17 June 1554) was a French magistrate.	Pierre Lizet	French
languages spoken or written	Gonzalo de Castro (Madrid, 2 February 1963) is a Spanish actor.	Gonzalo de Castro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jérôme Bel (born 1964) is a French dancer and choreographer, whose characteristic choreographic style is known as non-dance, typified by his 2001 piece The Show Must Go On.	Jérôme Bel	French
languages spoken or written	Elsa Lafuente Medianu (born 18 July 1976), known professionally as Elsa Pataky, is a Spanish model, actress, and film producer.	Elsa Pataky	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antonin Poncet (28 March 1849, Saint-Trivier-sur-Moignans, Ain -- 16 September 1913) was a French surgeon.	Antonin Poncet	French
languages spoken or written	Thomas George Percival Spear (1901--1982) was an English historian who spent much of his life living and teaching in India.	Percival Spear	English
languages spoken or written	Marius Casadesus (October 24, 1892 -- October 13, 1981) was a French violinist and composer.	Marius Casadesus	French
languages spoken or written	Polly Jean Harvey, MBE (born 9 October 1969), known as PJ Harvey, is an English musician, singer-songwriter, writer, poet, and composer.	PJ Harvey	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Daret de Cazeneuve, a French portrait painter and engraver, was born in Paris in 1604.	Pierre Daret	French
languages spoken or written	Karim Findi (1946, Duhok, Kurdistan Region - Iraq) is an author and Kurdish writer.	Karim Findi	Kurdish
languages spoken or written	Gabriela Bustelo (Madrid, 1962) is a Spanish author, journalist and translator.	Gabriela Bustelo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Emma Gad (January 21, 1852 - January 8, 1921), born Emma Halkier, was a Danish writer and socialite who wrote plays and books that were often satirical.	Emma Gad	Danish
languages spoken or written	Attila József (Hungarian: (ˈɒtːilɒ ˈjoːʒɛf); 11 April 1905 -- 3 December 1937) was a Hungarian poet of the 20th century.	Attila József	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Alecu Russo (born in March 17, 1819 near Chişinău, died on February 5, 1859 in Iaşi), was a Moldavian Romanian writer, literary critic and publicist.	Alecu Russo	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Sir George Colebrooke, 2nd Baronet (14 June 1729 -- 5 August 1809), of Gatton in Surrey, was an English merchant banker, chairman of the East India Company and Member of Parliament, who bankrupted himself through unwise speculations.	George Colebrooke	English
languages spoken or written	Paul Andreu (born 10 July 1938) is a French architect who is known for his designs of multiple airports.	Paul Andreu	French
languages spoken or written	Erika Timm (born 1934) is a German linguist, the author of works that made fundamental contribution to the Yiddish historical linguistics and philology.	Erika Timm	German
languages spoken or written	Luigi Carlo Farini (October 22, 1812 -- August 1, 1866) was an Italian physician, statesman and historian.	Luigi Carlo Farini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Luigi Spaventa (5 March 1934 - 6 January 2013) was an Italian academic.	Luigi Spaventa	Italian
languages spoken or written	Arthur Ruppin was born in Rawicz in the German Empire (today in Poland).	Arthur Ruppin	German
languages spoken or written	Manuel de Amat y Junyent Planella Aymerich y Santa Pau (Catalan: Manuel d'Amat i de Junyent) (March 1707 -- February 14, 1782) was a Spanish military officer and colonial administrator.	Manuel de Amat y Junyent	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Reinhard Opitz (2 July 1934, Beuthen, Province of Upper Silesia -- 3 April 1986) was a German left-wing intellectual and social scientist whose best-known thesis postulates that members of the German middle class had acquired a ``falsified'' consciousness.	Reinhard Opitz	German
languages spoken or written	Jovan Deretić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Деретић, 22 January 1934--16 March 2002) was a professor of literature and author of Serbian literary history.	Jovan Deretić	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Roland Michel Tremblay (born October 15, 1972 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a French Canadian author, poet, scriptwriter, development producer and science-fiction consultant.	Roland Michel Tremblay	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Mascaró (December 8, 1897 -- March 19, 1987) was a Spanish translator born in Majorca to a farming family.	Juan Mascaró	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jürgen Flimm (born 17 July 1941 in Gießen) is a German theater and opera director, and theater manager.	Jürgen Flimm	German
languages spoken or written	Charles Lamoureux (pronounced: (ʃaʁl la.mu.ʁø); 28 September 1834 -- 21 December 1899) was a French conductor and violinist.	Charles Lamoureux	French
languages spoken or written	Ernest Guiraud (French: (giʁo); 26 June 1837 -- 6 May 1892) was a French composer and music teacher born in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Ernest Guiraud	French
languages spoken or written	Antun Gustav Matoš (Croatian pronunciation: (ǎntuːn ɡûstaʋ mâtoʃ); 13 June 1873 -- 17 March 1914) was a Croatian poet, short story writer, journalist, essayist and travelogue writer.	Antun Gustav Matoš	Croatian
languages spoken or written	José Luis Abajo Gómez (born 22 June 1978) is a Spanish épée fencer.	José Luis Abajo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	The French international school in Jakarta was named Lycée Louis-Charles Damais after him in 2008.	Louis-Charles Damais	French
languages spoken or written	Francis Negus (died 1732) was an English military officer, courtier, politician, and reputed inventor of the drink negus.	Francis Negus	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Sempé, usually known as Sempé (French: (sɑ̃pe); born 17 August 1932), is a French cartoonist.	Jean-Jacques Sempé	French
languages spoken or written	Güzin Dino (1910 -- May 30, 2013) was a Turkish literary scholar, linguist, translator and writer.	Güzin Dino	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Acerbi (May 3, 1773 -- August 25, 1846) was an Italian naturalist, explorer and composer.	Giuseppe Acerbi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Wetti of Reichenau (Latin: Wettinus Augiensis; c 775--824) was a Benedictine monk, scholar and educator at the monastery at Reichenau in modern-day Germany.	Wetti of Reichenau	Latin
languages spoken or written	Francesco Primaticcio (April 30, 1504 -- 1570) was an Italian Mannerist painter, architect and sculptor who spent most of his career in France.	Francesco Primaticcio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jacques-François de Villiers (1727--1794) was a French physician and translator.	Jacques-François de Villiers	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Galván Jiménez (1596-1658), a Spanish painter, was born at Luesia, in the kingdom of Aragon.	Juan Galván Jiménez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Miloš Crnjanski (in Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Црњански, pronounced (mîlɔʃ t͡srɲǎnskiː); 26 October 1893 -- 30 November 1977) was a poet of the expressionist wing of Serbian modernism, author, and a diplomat.	Miloš Crnjanski	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Josep Carles Laínez (born 1970) is a Spanish writer who lives between Valencia, Spain and Encamp, Andorra.	Josep Carles Laínez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giacomo Agostini (born 16 June 1942) is an Italian multi-time world champion Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Giacomo Agostini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johan Oskar Backlund (April 28, 1846 -- August 29, 1916) was a Swedish-Russian astronomer.	Oskar Backlund	Russian
languages spoken or written	Tuna Kiremitci (born February 1973, Eskişehir) is a contemporary Turkish writer.	Tuna Kiremitci	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Dragan Plamenac (born Karl Siebenschein; 8 February 1895 -- 15 April 1983) was a Croatian Jewish composer and musicologist.	Dragan Plamenac	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Johann Strauss II (October 25, 1825 -- June 3, 1899), also known as Johann Strauss, Jr., the Younger, the Son (German: Sohn), Johann Baptist Strauss, was an Austrian composer of light music, particularly dance music and operettas.	Johann Strauss II	German
languages spoken or written	Louis-Simon le Poupet de la Boularderie (c. 1674 -- 6 June 1738) was a French born naval officer who was important in Canadian history for various roles he took on in the New World.	Louis-Simon le Poupet de la Boularderie	French
languages spoken or written	Roberto Baldazzini (born August 18, 1958) is an Italian illustrator and comics artist who specializes in writing and illustrating full-color erotic comic books.	Roberto Baldazzini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Domenico Palmieri (born in Piacenza, Italy, 4 July 1829; died in Rome, 29 May 1909) was an Italian Jesuit theologian.	Domenico Palmieri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jordi Hurtado Torres (Sant Feliu de Llobregat, Barcelona, June 16, 1957) is a Spanish radio and television presenter and dubbing actor.	Jordi Hurtado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Uli M Schueppel (born 7 May 1958 in Erbach, Germany as Ulf Schüppel) is a German director and documentary filmmaker.	Uli M Schueppel	German
languages spoken or written	Antonio Vidaurre (1724, Madrid -- 1780) was a Spanish painter, poet and writer.	Antonio Vidaurre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sakshi Ranga Rao (Telugu: సాక్షి రంగారావు) (15 September 1942 -- 27 June 2005) was a character actor in theater arts and South Indian cinema.	Sakshi Ranga Rao	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Ernst Heinrich Weber (24 June 1795 -- 26 January 1878) was a German physician who is considered one of the founders of experimental psychology.	Ernst Heinrich Weber	German
languages spoken or written	Lilli Palmer (24 May 1914 -- 27 January 1986), born Lilli Marie Peiser, was a German actress.	Lilli Palmer	German
languages spoken or written	Claude Quétel (born Bernières-sur-Mer, 1939) is a French historian.	Claude Quétel	French
languages spoken or written	Cecilie Løveid (born 21 August 1951) is a Norwegian novelist, poet, playwright, and writer of children's books.	Cecilie Løveid	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Chen Yinke (Chinese: 陳寅恪; 3 July 1890 -- 7 October 1969) was a Chinese historian, scholar, and fellow of Academia Sinica, considered one of the most original and creative historians in 20th century China.	Chen Yinke	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Józef Pinior (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjuzɛf ˈpiɲɔr); born on 9 March 1955 in Rybnik) is a Polish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Lower Silesian Voivodship & Opole Voivodship with the Social Democracy of Poland, part of the Socialist Group and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Development.	Józef Pinior	Polish
languages spoken or written	Narcisco Suárez Amador (born July 18, 1960 in Valladolid) is a Spanish sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the early 1990s.	Narcisco Suárez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jürg Kreienbühl (August 12, 1932, Basel -- October 30, 2007, Cormeilles-en-Parisis) was a Swiss and French painter.	Jürg Kreienbühl	French
languages spoken or written	Manuel Tuñón de Lara (Madrid, 8 September 1915 -- Lejona, Vizcaya, 25 January 1997) was a Spanish historian.	Manuel Tuñón de Lara	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Maurice-Émile Baudot (11 September 1845 -- 28 March 1903), French telegraph engineer and inventor of the first means of digital communication Baudot code, was one of the pioneers of telecommunications.	Émile Baudot	French
languages spoken or written	Dagmar Havlová (born Dagmar Veškrnová on 22 March 1953 in Brno, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech actress.	Dagmar Havlová	Czech
languages spoken or written	Emil Welk, known by his nickname Ehm Welk (August 29, 1884 -- December 19, 1966), was a German journalist, writer, professor and founder of Volkshochschulen (adult education centres).	Ehm Welk	German
languages spoken or written	Henri Cadiou (26 March 1906, Paris -- 6 April 1989) was a French realist painter and lithographer known for his work in trompe-l'oeil paintings.	Henri Cadiou	French
languages spoken or written	Monika Maron (born on 3 June 1941 in Berlin) is a German author, formerly of the German Democratic Republic.	Monika Maron	German
languages spoken or written	Gabriel Hanger, 1st Baron Coleraine (9 January 1697 -- 24 January 1773) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1753 and 1768.	Gabriel Hanger, 1st Baron Coleraine	English
languages spoken or written	Mons Kallentoft (born 15 April 1968), is a Swedish author and journalist.	Mons Kallentoft	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Montanelli (21 January 1813 -- 17 June 1862) was an Italian statesman and author.	Giuseppe Montanelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Curt Sachs (German: (zaks); June 29, 1881 -- February 5, 1959) was a German-born but American-domiciled musicologist.	Curt Sachs	German
languages spoken or written	Adi Granov is a Bosnian-American comic book artist and conceptual designer.	Adi Granov	Bosnian
languages spoken or written	Antoni Gaudí i Cornet (Catalan pronunciation: (ənˈtɔni ɣəwˈði); 25 June 1852 -- 10 June 1926) was a Spanish Catalan architect from Reus/Riudoms and the best known practitioner of Catalan Modernism.	Antoni Gaudí	Catalan	Spanish Catalan
languages spoken or written	Dixon Denham (1 January 1786 -- 9 June 1828) was an English soldier, explorer of West Central Africa, and ultimately Governor of Sierra Leone.	Dixon Denham	English
languages spoken or written	Ádám Bodor (born February 22, 1936 in Cluj) is an award-winning Hungarian author of Transylvanian Hungarian origin.	Ádám Bodor	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Martin Stropnický (born 19 December 1956, Prague) is a Czech politician, actor, songwriter, author, and director.	Martin Stropnický	Czech
languages spoken or written	Sir William Miles, 1st Baronet (13 May 1797 -- 17 June 1878) was an English politician, agriculturalist and landowner.	Sir William Miles, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Svend Borberg (April 8, 1888 - October 7, 1947) was a Danish author, playwright, editor and literary critic.	Svend Borberg	Danish
languages spoken or written	Otto Willi Gail (18 July 1896 -- 29 March 1956) was a German science journalist and author.	Otto Willi Gail	German
languages spoken or written	Sebastián de Horozco (Toledo, 1510--1580) was a poet and playwright of the Spanish Golden Age.	Sebastián de Horozco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Fra Didak Buntić was a Croatian friar and educator from Herzegovina.	Didak Buntić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Franciszek Smuglewicz, or Pranciškus Smuglevičius, 6 October 1745 -- 18 September 1807) was a Polish-Lithuanian draughtsman and painter.	Franciszek Smuglewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ludvig Eikaas (20 December 1920 -- 5 September 2010) was a Norwegian painter, graphic artist and sculptor.	Ludvig Eikaas	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Jules Mêne (25 March 1810 -- 20 May 1879) was a French sculptor and animalière.	Pierre-Jules Mêne	French
languages spoken or written	Tullio Pinelli (24 June 1908 -- 7 March 2009) was an Italian screenwriter best known for his work on the Federico Fellini classics I Vitelloni, La Strada, La Dolce Vita and 8½.	Tullio Pinelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rubén Rojo (1922--1993) was a Spanish-born film and television actor.	Rubén Rojo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	László Moholy-Nagy (Hungarian: (ˈlaːsloː ˈmoholinɒɟ); July 20, 1895 -- November 24, 1946) was a Hungarian painter and photographer as well as a professor in the Bauhaus school.	László Moholy-Nagy	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	John Donne (/ˈdʌn/ DUN) (22 January 1572 -- 31 March 1631) was an English poet and a cleric in the Church of England.	John Donne	English
languages spoken or written	Roya Hakakian (Persian: رویا حکاکیان‎‎); born 1966 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-American poet, journalist and writer living in the United States.	Roya Hakakian	Persian
languages spoken or written	Muhamed Filipović (born 3 August 1929, Banja Luka, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian academic, philosopher, writer, theorist, essayist and one of the most important Bosnian historians.	Muhamed Filipović	Bosnian
languages spoken or written	Rosita Forbes, née Joan Rosita Torr (16 January 1890 -- 30 June 1967) was an English travel writer and explorer.	Rosita Forbes	English
languages spoken or written	Gaetano Previati (1852 -- 1920) was an Italian Symbolist painter in the Divisionist style.	Gaetano Previati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Adil Hussain (Assamese: আদিল হুছেইন, born 5 October 1963) is an Indian stage, television and film actor from the state of Assam, who works in mainstream Bollywood as well as art house cinema.	Adil Hussain	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Carlos Barredo Llamazales (born 5 June 1981, in Oviedo, Asturias) is a Spanish former road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2004 and 2012.	Carlos Barredo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	György Szabad (4 August 1924 -- 3 July 2015) was a Hungarian politician and historian.	György Szabad	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Gaspar de Baeza (Baeza, 1540--1569) was a Spanish humanist, lawyer, translator and writer known during the Spanish Golden Age.	Gaspar de Baeza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gerold Tietz (* November 11, 1941, in Horka (Horky (u Dubé)) near Dauba (Czech: Dubá), northern Bohemia/Sudetenland -- July 24, 2009, in Esslingen, Germany) was a German author.	Gerold Tietz	German
languages spoken or written	Bernie Taupin English lyricist, poet, singer and painter, best known for his long-term collaboration with Elton John is actively campaigning for Willie Dixon's posthumous induction in the Songwriters Hall of Fame.	Willie Dixon	English
languages spoken or written	Frédéric Choffat (born June 9, 1973) is a French-speaking Swiss director.	Frédéric Choffat	French
languages spoken or written	Critical and Historical Essays on the Forms of the Short Poem in English (1967) Uncollected Essays and Reviews (1976) The Collected Poems of Yvor Winters; with an introduction by Donald Davie (1978) Uncollected Poems 1919--1928 (1997) Uncollected Poems 1929--1957 (1997) Yvor Winters:	Yvor Winters	English
languages spoken or written	Doğu Perinçek (born June 17, 1942 in Gaziantep) is a Turkish politician, lawyer and academic who has been chairman of the socialist Patriotic Party (Turkish: Vatan Partisi) since 1992.	Doğu Perinçek	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Juan Gómez-Jurado (Born 16 December 1977 in Madrid, Spain) is an award-winning Spanish journalist and bestselling author.	Juan Gómez-Jurado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Olvido García Valdés (born December 2, 1950) is a Spanish poet, essayist, translator, and professor.	Olvido García Valdés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tiennick Kerevel (born February 27, 1956 in the city of Kinshasa, Congo) is a French painter.	Tiennick Kerevel	French
languages spoken or written	Matilde Muñoz Sampedro (2 March 1900 -- 14 April 1969) was a Spanish film actress whose career stretched from the 1940s through the 1970s.	Matilde Muñoz Sampedro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ernesto Cavallini (30 August 1807 -- 1874) was an Italian clarinetist and composer.	Ernesto Cavallini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Aldo Rossi (3 May 1931 -- 4 September 1997) was an Italian architect and designer who accomplished the unusual feat of achieving international recognition in four distinct areas: theory, drawing, architecture and product design.	Aldo Rossi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Frank Wisbar (born Franz Wysbar 9 December 1899 -- 17 March 1967) was a German film director and screenwriter.	Frank Wisbar	German
languages spoken or written	José Francisco Blake Mora (Spanish pronunciation: (xoˈse fɾanˈsisko ˈβleik ˈmoɾa); 22 May 1966 -- 11 November 2011) was a Mexican lawyer and politician who served as the Secretary of the Interior in the cabinet of Felipe Calderón from 2010 to 2011.	Francisco Blake Mora	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Inbal Gavrieli (Hebrew: ענבל גבריאלי‎, born 25 September 1975) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud from 2003 until 2006.	Inbal Gavrieli	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Johannes Albrecht Bernhard Dorn, also cited as Boris Andreevich Dorn (April 29, 1805 in Scheierfeld, Saxe-Coburg, Germany -- May 19, 1881 in St. Petersburg, Russia) was a German orientalist.	Johannes Albrecht Bernhard Dorn	German
languages spoken or written	Herbert Pilch (born 13 February 1927, Wehlau, Prussia) is a German linguist and celtologist.	Herbert Pilch	German
languages spoken or written	Eilhard Mitscherlich (7 January 1794 -- 28 August 1863) was a German chemist, who is perhaps best remembered today for his discovery of the phenomenon of isomorphism (crystallography) in 1819.	Eilhard Mitscherlich	German
languages spoken or written	Walter Map (born 1140, died c. 1208--1210) was a medieval writer of works written in Latin.	Walter Map	Latin
languages spoken or written	Ranveer Singh Bhavnani (born 6 July 1985) is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films.	Ranveer Singh	Hindi
licensed to broadcast to	WFYE is an Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Glade Spring, Virginia, serving Smyth and Washington counties in Virginia.	WFYE	Glade Spring
licensed to broadcast to	WCDE is a Christian Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Elkins, West Virginia, serving Metro Elkins, and airing programming from the Air 1 radio network.	WCDE	Elkins, West Virginia
licensed to broadcast to	CFGP-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an active rock format operating on the frequency 97.7 FM in Grande Prairie, Alberta.	CFGP-FM	Grande Prairie
licensed to broadcast to	KEPC (89.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Colorado Springs, Colorado, USA, the station serves the Colorado college area.	KEPC	Colorado Springs
licensed to broadcast to	WZEE (104.1 MHz FM) is a radio station licensed to Madison, Wisconsin and serving South Central Wisconsin.	WZEE	Madison
licensed to broadcast to	KF-KQ is a Top 40 (CHR) formatted simulcast broadcasting on two radio stations, with WWKF licensed to Fulton, Kentucky (serving Union City, Tennessee) and WAKQ licensed to Paris, Tennessee.	WWKF	Fulton
licensed to broadcast to	CKOM is a radio station in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan broadcasting at 650 kHz on the AM band.	CKOM	Saskatoon
licensed to broadcast to	KCQQ is an FM radio station licensed to Davenport, Iowa with a classic rock format.	KCQQ	Davenport
licensed to broadcast to	WDAR-FM (105.5 FM), known as ``Sunny 105.5'', is a contemporary Christian formatted radio station licensed to Darlington, South Carolina.	WDAR-FM	Darlington, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	Radio Glendon is a Canadian online radio station, which broadcasts on radioglendon.ca in Toronto, Ontario.	Radio Glendon	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	WVUM (90.5 FM) is a non-commercial alternative and electronic music college radio station at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida United States, broadcasting over-the-air to Greater Miami and streaming online via Internet radio.	WVUM	Coral Gables
licensed to broadcast to	KTMS (990 AM, ``News Talk AM 990'') is a news/talk radio station based in Santa Barbara, California, and is owned by Rincon Broadcasting.	KTMS	Santa Barbara
licensed to broadcast to	KEYN-FM (103.7 FM) is a radio station operating in Wichita, Kansas, owned by Entercom.	KEYN-FM	Wichita
licensed to broadcast to	WCQS (88.1 FM) is the flagship National Public Radio member station for Asheville, North Carolina and Western North Carolina.	WCQS	Asheville
licensed to broadcast to	KRNN is a non-commercial (NPR) music radio station in Juneau, Alaska, broadcasting on 102.7 FM.	KRNN	Juneau
licensed to broadcast to	KFBZ is a radio station operating in Wichita, Kansas, and licensed to Haysville, Kansas as ``105.3 The Buzz''.	KFBZ	Haysville, Kansas
licensed to broadcast to	KMKV (102.9 FM) is an American radio station licensed to Paia, Hawaii.	KMKV	Paia
licensed to broadcast to	KOPR (94.1 FM) is an American commercial radio station licensed to serve the community of Butte, Montana.	KOPR	Butte
licensed to broadcast to	WJLH is a Christian radio station broadcasting on 90.3 FM, licensed to Flagler Beach, Florida, and serving Palm Beach, Florida Daytona Beach, Florida.	WJLH	Flagler Beach
licensed to broadcast to	WXGR-LP (103.5 FM) is a non-profit low-power FM radio station licensed to serve Dover, New Hampshire.	WXGR-LP	Dover
licensed to broadcast to	WQHR is an American radio station in Presque Isle, Maine.	WQHR	Presque Isle
licensed to broadcast to	KFRG (95.1 FM, ``K-Frog'') is a commercial country music formatted radio station in San Bernardino, California, broadcasting to the Riverside-San Bernardino, California, area.	KFRG	San Bernardino
licensed to broadcast to	WCOC (1010 AM) was a radio station licensed to the community of Dora, Alabama, USA, and serving the greater Birmingham, Alabama, area.	WCOC	Dora
licensed to broadcast to	KERX (95.3 FM, ``95.3 Max FM'') is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Paris, Arkansas.	KERX	Paris
licensed to broadcast to	WNTN is a daytime-only, 10,000-watt day and 3-watt night omnidirectional radio station licensed to the city of Newton, Massachusetts, serving the greater Boston area.	WNTN	Newton
licensed to broadcast to	KQHN (97.3 FM, ``i97.3'') is a CHR radio station licensed to Waskom, Texas, and serves the greater Shreveport, Louisiana area.	KQHN	Waskom
licensed to broadcast to	KASE-FM (``KASE 101'') is an Austin, Texas radio station operating a country music format.	KASE-FM	Austin
licensed to broadcast to	Licensed to Longmont, Colorado, the station is owned and operated by Pilgrim Communications, Inc. KRCN serves as the flagship station of the Radio Colorado Network.	KRCN	Longmont
licensed to broadcast to	KUHF (branded as News 88.7) is a public radio station serving Houston--	KUHF	Houston
licensed to broadcast to	WBZQ is an AM radio station located in Huntington, Indiana.	WBZQ	Huntington, Indiana
licensed to broadcast to	KWJC (91.9 FM) is a campus radio station, located in Liberty, Missouri, at William Jewell College.	KWJC	Liberty
licensed to broadcast to	WWRU is a Korean language AM radio station licensed to Jersey City, New Jersey, broadcasting to the New York metropolitan area on 1660 kHz AM.	WWRU	Jersey City
licensed to broadcast to	WZKB is licensed for Wallace, North Carolina.	WZKB	Wallace
licensed to broadcast to	KDIA (1640 AM) is a radio station of Baybridge Communications in Vallejo, California.	KDIA	Vallejo
licensed to broadcast to	CIUT-FM is a campus and community radio station owned and operated by the University of Toronto.	CIUT-FM	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	CJLV is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Laval, Quebec, near Montreal.	CJLV	Laval
licensed to broadcast to	WXLA is a commercial AM radio station located in Dimondale, a suburb of Lansing, Michigan.	WXLA	Dimondale
licensed to broadcast to	WOSF ``Old School 105.3'' is an Urban Oldies station in Gaffney, South Carolina; serving the Charlotte, North Carolina market.	WOSF	Gaffney, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WODS (103.3 FM) - known on-air as 103.3 AMP Radio - is a radio station in Boston, Massachusetts.	WODS	Boston
licensed to broadcast to	WUMY is an AM radio station in Turrell, Arkansas broadcasting in the Memphis, Tennessee market in the United States of America.	WUMY	Turrell
licensed to broadcast to	WQDY-FM, on air as Classic Hits 92.7 & 95.3, is an American radio station licensed to Calais, Maine.	WQDY-FM	Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raczki Wielkie (ˈrat͡ʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Retzken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Raczki Wielkie	Gmina Olecko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Borji (Persian: چهاربرجي‎, also Romanized as Chahār Borjī) is a village in Dasht-e Taybad Rural District, Miyan Velayat District, Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahar Borji	Dasht-e Taybad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slateford railway station is a railway station serving Slateford in the city of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Slateford railway station	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	III. Geidorf is the 3rd (indicated in Roman numerals in the official name) district of the Austrian city of Graz.	Geidorf	Graz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedingfield is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk, England.	Bedingfield	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manicoré is a town and municipality located in the south-east of the Brazilian state of Amazonas.	Manicoré	Amazonas
located in the administrative territorial entity	University of the Western Cape Stadium, commonly abbreviated and referred to as UWC Stadium, and sometimes also referred to as University of the Western Cape Sports Ground, is a multi-use stadium, situated in the Bellville suburb of Cape Town, at the Western Cape Province in South Africa.	University of the Western Cape Stadium	Bellville
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIDE-LP (99.1 FM, ``CityWIDE'') is an American low-power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Madison, Wisconsin.	WIDE-LP	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillcrest Hotel, also known as the Hillcrest Arms Apartment Hotel, is a historic building in Toledo, Ohio, USA.	Hillcrest Hotel	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dremmen has been a district of the county town of Heinsberg in the Heinsberg district since 1972 and is located in the Cologne Region of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Dremmen	Heinsberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kumarganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 6 Balurghat (Lok Sabha constituency).	Kumarganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Balurghat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peyto Peak is a mountain in the Waputik Range, part of the Canadian Rockies in Alberta, Canada.	Peyto Peak	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rezaabad-e Yek (Persian: رضااباد1‎, also Romanized as Reẕāābād-e Yek; also known as Tolombeh-ye Reẕāābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rezaabad-e Yek	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vöhl is a community in Waldeck-Frankenberg in Hesse, Germany not far southwest of Kassel.	Vöhl	Waldeck-Frankenberg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural City of Bellarine was a local government area southeast of the regional city of Geelong, Victoria, Australia, covering most of the Bellarine Peninsula.	Rural City of Bellarine	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Côtes-d'Armor (French pronunciation: ​(kot.daʁ.mɔʁ); Breton: Aodoù-an-Arvor), formerly named Côtes-du-Nord, is a department in the north of Brittany, in northwestern France.	Côtes-d'Armor	Brittany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niederaula is a market community in Hersfeld-Rotenburg district in northeastern Hesse, Germany, 59 km south of Kassel.	Niederaula	Hersfeld-Rotenburg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biedaczek (bjɛˈdat͡ʂɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Biedaczek	Gmina Kaliska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pattom is a part of the Thiruvananthapuram city of Kerala.	Pattom	Thiruvananthapuram
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wawayanda State Park is a 34,350 acre state park in Sussex County and Passaic County in northern New Jersey.	Wawayanda State Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the Semien Gondar Zone of the Amhara Region, Gondar is north of Tana Lake on the Lesser Angereb River and southwest of the Simien Mountains.	Gondar	Amhara Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacific Rim Shopping Centre is an outdoor shopping centre in Port Alberni, British Columbia, formatted as a power centre.	Pacific Rim Shopping Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodiniel is a group of small settlements in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom situated one mile north of Bodmin town centre.	Bodiniel	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skomsvoll is a village on the island of Otterøya in the municipality of Namsos in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Skomsvoll	Namsos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derazpey (Persian: درازپي‎, also Romanized as Derāzpey; also known as Dezh Asbī) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Derazpey	Rezqabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aladagh Rural District (Persian: دهستان آلاداغ‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Aladagh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Widzim (ˈnɔvɨ ˈvid͡ʑim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Widzim	Gmina Wolsztyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 2 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 2گزاباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 2 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 2 Gazabad	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marriage Island in Downtown San Antonio, Texas, is an islet in the middle of the San Antonio River on the San Antonio River Walk that is used for weddings.	Marriage Island	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William B. Hunt House is a historic home just outside Columbia, Missouri, USA, near the town of Huntsdale and the Missouri River.	William B. Hunt House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Rud Mahalleh (Persian: درودمحله‎, also Romanized as Do Rūd Maḩalleh and Dowrūd Maḩalleh; also known as Dar Do Maḩalleh) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Do Rud Mahalleh	Sadan Rostaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bentfield Bury is a small community in Essex, England.	Bentfield Bury	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szlembark (ˈʂlɛmbark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Szlembark	Gmina Nowy Targ
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum du col du Haut-Jacques is an arboretum located in the Col du Haut-Jacques northeast of Bruyères, Vosges, Lorraine, France.	Arboretum du col du Haut-Jacques	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Egypt, a large log house, is a historic landmark in Page County, Virginia and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places (#79003064).	Fort Egypt	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelleone di Suasa is a town and comune within the Province of Ancona, in the Marche region of Italy.	Castelleone di Suasa	Province of Ancona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bundesstraße 73 or B73 is a German federal highway running in a northwesterly to southeasterly direction from Cuxhaven to Hamburg.	Bundesstraße 73	Hamburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fentange (Luxembourgish: Fenteng, German: Fentingen) is a town in the commune of Hesperange, in southern Luxembourg.	Fentange	Hesperange
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kelowna Community Theatre is an 853 seat Theatre in Kelowna, British Columbia.	Kelowna Community Theatre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Werówka (vɛˈrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Werówka	Gmina Drzewica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goli Gerdu (Persian: گلي گردو‎, also Romanized as Golī Gerdū) is a village in Kuhak Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Goli Gerdu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crowell-Smith House, formerly the Crosby House, is a historic house at 33 Pine Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.	Crowell-Smith House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasha Kola-ye Bish Mahalleh (Persian: پاشاكلابيش محله‎, also Romanized as Pāshā Kolā-ye Bīsh Maḩalleh; also known as Pāshā Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pasha Kola-ye Bish Mahalleh	Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hung Fuk Estate is a public housing estate in Hung Shui Kiu, Yuen Long District, New Territories, Hong Kong and is the first public housing estate in there.	Hung Fuk Estate	Yuen Long District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grandfather Mountain is a mountain, a non-profit attraction, and a North Carolina state park near Linville, North Carolina.	Grandfather Mountain	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tucson Mall is the largest shopping mall in Tucson, Arizona.	Tucson Mall	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chebucto Peninsula is a Canadian peninsula located in central Nova Scotia entirely within the Halifax Regional Municipality on the Atlantic coast.	Chebucto Peninsula	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borivali or Borivli is a suburban area located in the north-west section of Mumbai island of Maharashtra, India.	Borivali	Mumbai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madamon is a village located in Ranni-Perunad Panchayat of Ranni Taluk, Pathanamthitta District of Kerala.	Madamon	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Macatawa River, also known as the Black River, is located in the lower part of Ottawa County, Michigan, which drains into Lake Macatawa and eventually into Lake Michigan.	Macatawa River	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarkridge, Arkansas (formerly Clark Ridge) is an unincorporated community in Baxter County, Arkansas, United States.	Clarkridge, Arkansas	Baxter County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crawford-Gilpin House is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in Martinsville, Indiana, United States, thirty-four miles southeast of Indianapolis.	Crawford-Gilpin House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Hemet is a water storage reservoir located in the San Jacinto Mountains in Riverside County, California, with a capacity of 14,000 acre feet (17,000,000 m3) of water.	Lake Hemet	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Free Quaker Meetinghouse is a historic Free Quaker meeting house at the southeast corner of 5th and Arch Streets in the Independence National Historical Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Free Quaker Meetinghouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Karratha is one of the four local government areas in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	City of Karratha	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weremień (vɛˈrɛmʲɛɲ) (Ukrainian: Веремінь, Veremin'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesko, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Weremień	Gmina Lesko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaharlu (Persian: چهارلو‎, also Romanized as Chahārlū) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chaharlu	Vardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	ScriptSwitch Limited, now part of UnitedHealth UK, is a software company that develops and supplies a realtime decision support tool to GP surgeries in the United Kingdom.	ScriptSwitch Limited	United Kingdom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aaron Barber Memorial Building, also known as Avon Free Library, is a historic library building located at Avon in Livingston County, New York.	Aaron Barber Memorial Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Dadek (Persian: چاه دادك‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Dādek; also known as Chāh-e Dādeg) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Dadek	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGLQ is an FM radio station serving the central portion of Michigan's Upper Peninsula.	WGLQ	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przytocznica (pʂɨtɔt͡ʂˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przytocznica	Gmina Doruchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murowany Most (murɔˈvanɨ ˈmɔst), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Murowany Most	Gmina Krasnopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melrose Public Library is a historic library at 69 W. Emerson Street in Melrose, Massachusetts.	Melrose Public Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darbid-e Karani (Persian: داربيدكرني‎, also Romanized as Dārbīd-e Karanī) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Darbid-e Karani	Helilan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taiyafeh-ye Ali Jan (Persian: طايفه علي جان‎, also Romanized as Ţāīyafeh-ye ʿAlī Jān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Taiyafeh-ye Ali Jan	Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadcast Center is a private vocational school located in St. Louis, Missouri, that provides training in the broadcast industry in radio and television talent, production, and marketing positions.	Broadcast Center	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ignatki-Kolonia (iɡˈnatki kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ignatki-Kolonia	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wendover Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force base in Utah now known as Wendover Airport.	Wendover Air Force Base	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlisle Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 4M3) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Carlisle, a city in Lonoke County, Arkansas, United States.	Carlisle Municipal Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hugh's Room is a restaurant and folk music venue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Hugh's Room	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agatovo is a village in Sevlievo Municipality, Gabrovo Province, northern central Bulgaria.	Agatovo	Sevlievo Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asb Sara (Persian: اسب سرا‎, also Romanized as Āsb Sarā and Asb Sarā) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Asb Sara	Tula Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banksia Latrobe Secondary College was a public, co-educational high school located in Heidelberg West, Victoria, Australia.	Banksia Latrobe Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lone Star Flight Museum, located in Galveston, Texas in the United States, is an aerospace museum that displays more than 40 historically significant aircraft and many hundreds of artifacts related to the history of flight.	Lone Star Flight Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markansaya or Hatun Markansaya (Quechua) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Markansaya	Peru
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buntine Highway is a 570-kilometre highway in the Northern Territory and Western Australia.	Buntine Highway	Northern Territory	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almaran (Persian: ال مران‎, also Romanized as Ālmarān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Almaran	Gavork-e Nalin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamar Kuh (Persian: چمركوه‎‎, also Romanized as Chamar Kūh) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Osama Land, Ohio At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 20 families.	Chamar Kuh	Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florida Tropical House is a beach house located on Lake Michigan's shoreline in Beverly Shores, Indiana.	Florida Tropical House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Marista is a prison in Havana, Cuba, notorious for its detention of political prisoners by the Cuban national security agency.	Villa Marista	Havana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Highlands Masonic Lodge (Also known as the Pythian Building) refers to a historic building located in Denver, Colorado.	Highlands Masonic Lodge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Episcopal Diocese of Olympia, also known as the Episcopal Church in Western Washington, is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in Washington state west of the Cascade Range.	Episcopal Diocese of Olympia	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karma District, Karma Rajоn, Karmianski Rajоn (Belarusian: Кармянскі раён, Russian: Кормянский район ) is an administrative subdivision, a rajon of Gomel Region, in Belarus.	Karma District	Gomel Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Kohneh-e Mazdak (Persian: ده كهنه مزدك‎) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh Kohneh-e Mazdak	Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torra di Sant' Amanza is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Bonifacio (Corse-du-Sud).	Torra di Sant' Amanza	Bonifacio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birches Green (52°30′56``N 1°49′42''W) is a small area of Tyburn in Birmingham, England.	Birches Green	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baskam Chal (Persian: باسكم چال‎, also Romanized as Bāskam Chāl) is a village in Heyran Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Baskam Chal	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Stephens Courthouse, listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Washington County Courthouse and also known as the St. Stephens Masonic Lodge, is a historic former courthouse building in St. Stephens, Alabama.	St. Stephens Courthouse	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nizam Museum or H.E.H Nizam's Museum is a museum located in Hyderabad at Purani Haveli, a palace of the erstwhile Nizams.	Nizam Museum	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ewinów (ɛˈvinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ewinów	Gmina Przykona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Claireville Conservation Area is a suburban conservation area located on the border of Peel Region and Toronto in Ontario, Canada.	Claireville Conservation Area	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neresnica is a small town in the municipality of Kučevo, Serbia.It is made of four sub regions :	Neresnica	Kučevo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The avenue was extended to Gyldenløvesgade by Copenhagen Municipality in 1927-28 and its name was changed to Rosenørns Allé after Ernst Emil Rosenørn (1810-1894).	Rosenørns Allé	Copenhagen Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clun Bridge is a historical bridge in the small town of Clun, Shropshire dating from 1450 which crosses over the River Clun.	Clun Bridge	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	In response the people of Nidwalden (Obwalden joined shortly before the document was signed, the two halves forming Unterwalden) joined Uri and Schwyz to form an alliance which is considered the foundation of the Old Swiss Confederacy.	Nidwalden	Unterwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queens Boulevard is a major thoroughfare in the New York City borough of Queens connecting Midtown Manhattan, via the Queensboro Bridge, to Jamaica.	Queens Boulevard	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zanai (Persian: زنايي‎, also Romanized as Zanā’ī; also known as Zanā’īyeh) is a village in Dashtab Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zanai	Dashtab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Squaw Canyon Oil Field is located in San Juan County, approximately 25 miles (40 km) southeast of Blanding, Utah.	Squaw Canyon Oil Field	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Calumet/Giles Prairie District is a historic district in the South Side, Chicago community area of Chicago, Illinois, USA.	Calumet/Giles Prairie District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarissa Cook Home for the Friendless is an historic building located in the west end of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Clarissa Cook Home for the Friendless	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crosthwaite is a small village located in the Parish of Crosthwaite and Lyth, Cumbria, UK.	Crosthwaite	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Els Alamús is a town situated in the comarca of Segrià in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	Els Alamús	Segrià
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baraftab-e Poshtkuh (Persian: برافتاب پشتكوه‎, also Romanized as Barāftāb-e Poshtkūh; also known as Barāftāb) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Baraftab-e Poshtkuh	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omaha Benson High School Magnet, Benson High Magnet, or Benson High, is located at 5120 Maple Street in Omaha, Nebraska, in the Benson community of Omaha.	Omaha Benson High School Magnet	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gur Gaz (Persian: گورگز‎, also Romanized as Gūr Gaz and Gūr Goz; also known as Gorgoz, Gūrgūz, and Kūrgōs) is a village in Sangestan Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Gur Gaz	Sangestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turquzabad (Persian: تورقوزاباد‎, also Romanized as Ţūrqūzābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Turquzabad	Kahrizak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Golbon (Persian: باغ گلبن‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Golbon) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Golbon	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leitir Mhic an Bhaird or Leitir Mhic a' Bhaird (anglicised as Lettermacaward) is a Gaeltacht village in the Rosses region of County Donegal, Ireland.	Lettermacaward	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horniki Dolne (xɔrˈniki ˈdɔlnɛ) (German: Niederhornikau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Horniki Dolne	Gmina Nowa Karczma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maine North High School was a public secondary school in Des Plaines, Illinois, northwest of Chicago.	Maine North High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drayton McLane Baseball Stadium at John H. Kobs Field is a college baseball stadium in East Lansing, Michigan.	Drayton McLane Baseball Stadium at John H. Kobs Field	East Lansing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Tuggerah is a privately owned enclosed shopping centre located at Tuggerah on the Central Coast of New South Wales approximately 2 km south of the Wyong town centre.	Westfield Tuggerah	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Chester East High School (colloquially referred to simply as East or WC East) is a public four-year high school located in West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States.	West Chester East High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Goodsir (or the Goodsir Towers) is the highest mountain in the Ottertail Range, a subrange of the Canadian Rockies in British Columbia.	Mount Goodsir	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reklin (ˈrɛklin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Reklin	Gmina Siedlec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balu Qayah (Persian: باللوقيه‎, also Romanized as Bālū Qayah and Bāllūqīyeh; also known as Antarballī and Gagīvard) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Balu Qayah	Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flett Glacier refers to two glaciers on the northwestern flank of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington.	Flett Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Icon Towers are a complex of two residential towers in downtown Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Icon Towers	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Seyyed Enayat (Persian: شهرك سيدعنايت‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Seyyed ``Enāyat) is a village in Choghamish Rural District, Choghamish District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 626, in 122 families.	Shahrak-e Seyyed Enayat	Choghamish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Secour National Wildlife Refuge is a 6,816-acre (28 km2) National Wildlife Refuge located in five separate units in Baldwin and Mobile Counties, United States, directly west of Gulf Shores, Alabama on the Fort Morgan Peninsula.	Bon Secour National Wildlife Refuge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherman Field, is a football stadium on the campus of Michigan Technological University, in Houghton, Michigan.	Sherman Field	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zurzemeh (Persian: زورزمه‎, also Romanized as Zūrzemeh) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zurzemeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nelaug Station (Norwegian: Nelaug stasjon) is a railway station located at Nelaug in Åmli, Norway, north of the Nelaugvannet.	Nelaug Station	Åmli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanystumdwy is a village and community on the Llŷn Peninsula of Gwynedd in Wales, although it is not regarded as being part of Llŷn, but belonging instead to the local region of Eifionydd.	Llanystumdwy	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Belęcin (ˈstarɨ bɛˈlɛnt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzemieniewo, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stary Belęcin	Gmina Krzemieniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto Ceresio is a comune (municipality) on Lake Lugano in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres (31 miles) northwest of Milan and about 11 km (7 mi) northeast of Varese, on the border with Switzerland.	Porto Ceresio	Province of Varese
located in the administrative territorial entity	Álava (IPA: (ˈalaβa) in Spanish) or Araba (IPA: (aˈɾaba) in Basque), officially Araba/Álava, is a province of Spain and a historical territory of the Basque Country, heir of the ancient Lordship of Álava.	Álava	Basque Country
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Living Prairie Museum is a 12 hectare (30 acre) tall grass prairie preserve located in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Living Prairie Museum	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forrester Island Wilderness is a 2,832-acre (1,146 ha) wilderness area in the U.S. state of Alaska at Forrester Island (54°48′10``N 133°31′37''W).	Forrester Island Wilderness	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilltop Mall is a mall in the Hilltop neighborhood of Richmond, California.	Hilltop Mall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Førde Airport, Bringeland (IATA: FDE, ICAO: ENBL; Norwegian: Førde lufthamn, Bringeland) is a regional airport located at Bringelandsåsen in the municipality of Gaular, about 16 kilometers (10 mi) south of the town of Førde in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Førde Airport, Bringeland	Sogn og Fjordane
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert E. Lee Memorial Bridge in Richmond, Virginia carries U.S. Route 1 and U.S. Route 301 across the James River at the fall line.	Robert E. Lee Memorial Bridge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badilabad (Persian: بديل اباد‎, also Romanized as Badīlābād) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Badilabad	Sadan Rostaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagoszewo (naɡɔˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nagoszewo	Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aq Qabr (Persian: اق قبر‎, also Romanized as Āq Qabr) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aq Qabr	Gorganbuy Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Algazir (Persian: الگزير‎, also Romanized as Ālgazīr, Algazīr, and Algozīr; also known as Alakrīz) is a village in Sain Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Algazir	Sain Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJAI-FM, known on air as Amherst Island Public Radio or simply Island Radio, is a radio station in Stella, Ontario, Canada.	CJAI-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winterbourne Gunner is a village in Wiltshire, England, about 4 miles (6 km) northeast of Salisbury.	Winterbourne Gunner	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pearl S. Buck Birthplace is a historic home in Hillsboro, West Virginia where American writer Pearl S. Buck was born.	Pearl S. Buck Birthplace	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	C.A. Gray Jr High School (also called Charlie A. Grey, Jr. High School) is a public high school/middle school in Moultrie, Georgia, USA which was established in 1956.	C.A. Gray Jr High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hekmatestan (Persian: حكمتستان‎, also Romanized as Ḩekmatestān and Ḩekmatsetān; also known as Ḩekmatān and Ḩokmestān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hekmatestan	Tudeshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jafir-e Do (Persian: جفيردو‎, also Romanized as Jafīr-e Do) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District, Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jafir-e Do	Bani Saleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamlu Gabin (Persian: چملوگبين‎, also Romanized as Chamlū Gabīn; also known as Yāhalīq (Persian: ياهليق), Chamlagaban, Chamleh Jaban, and Chamlūgaben) is a village in Shal Rural District, Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Chamlu Gabin	Shal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tafhian (Persian: تفهيان‎, also Romanized as Tafhīān; also known as Tafīhān, Tafīum, Tafyūn, and Tayūn) is a village in Bid Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tafhian	Bid Zard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duntisbourne Rouse is part of the Ermin ward of the district of Cotswold and is represented by Councillor Nicholas Parsons, a member of the Conservative Party.	Duntisbourne Rouse	Cotswold
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheshlu (Persian: ششلو‎, also Romanized as Sheshlū) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sheshlu	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samford University is a private, coeducational university located in Homewood, Alabama, a suburb of Birmingham.	Samford University	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xingqing District (simplified Chinese: 兴庆区; traditional Chinese: 興慶區; pinyin: Xīngqìng Qū; Wade--Giles: Hsin-ch’ing Ch’ü) is a district under the administration of Yinchuan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Xingqing District	Yinchuan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Thirteen is a private lake located in Surrey Township, Clare County, Michigan.	Lake Thirteen	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lehaq (Persian: لحاق‎, also Romanized as Leḩāq) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, Meshgin-e Sharqi District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Lehaq	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Peter Catholic Secondary School is an urban high school located in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.	St. Peter Catholic Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barwick in Elmet and Scholes is a civil parish in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire, England.	Barwick in Elmet and Scholes	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montée de la Grande Côte, or the Montée de la Grande-Côte, is a street of La Croix-Rousse quarter, located in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon, connecting the Terreaux quarter and the Plateau de la Croix Rousse.	Montée de la Grande Côte	1st arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shipley Hall was a country estate near Heanor and Ilkeston in Derbyshire, England which now forms a Country Park.	Shipley Hall	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabrik (Persian: تبريك‎, also Romanized as Tabrīk and Tabārīk; also known as Tabarrīk Javānlu and Tabrik-e Javanlu) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tabrik	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Cooper State Park is a 710-acre historic site in Inverness, Florida, United States.	Fort Cooper State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huai Yap (Thai: ห้วยยาบ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ban Thi District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 8111 people.	Huai Yap	Ban Thi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rantepao is a town and capital of North Toraja Regency, which is known for the cultural center of Toraja ethnic group.	Rantepao	North Toraja Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Küssaburg, Küssenberg or Küssaberg Castle (German: Burg Küssaberg) is a ruined hilltop castle located at an elevation of 634 m above sea level (NN) in Bechtersbohl, a village in the municipality of Küssaberg, in the county of Waldshut in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Küssaburg	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Pain (Persian: گودپايين‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Pā’īn) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Pain	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruda-Skroda (ˈruda ˈskrɔda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ruda-Skroda	Gmina Mały Płock
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olney Federal Support Center is an underground U.S. government facility owned by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and located in Montgomery County, Maryland.	Olney Federal Support Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pitcaple is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire, Scotland on the River Urie 4 miles (6 km) northwest of Inverurie.	Pitcaple	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danowice (danɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Dennewitz) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Danowice	Gmina Wierzchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galiuro Mountains are a large sky island mountain range of southeast Arizona, USA.	Galiuro Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerkawizna (t͡sɛrkaˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomsko, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Cerkawizna	Gmina Radomsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	KENO is a sports/talk AM radio station in Las Vegas, Nevada owned by Lotus Broadcasting and featuring programming from the ESPN Deportes Radio network.	KENO	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adriatic Mills was a historic industrial complex on Armory Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Adriatic Mills	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Town of Gold Rush (formerly Gold Rush Country) is a themed land at the Dreamworld theme park on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Town of Gold Rush	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port-du-Salut Abbey, also the Abbey of Notre-Dame du Port du Salut (French: Abbaye du Port-du-Salut, Abbaye Notre-Dame du Port-du-Salut or Abbaye du Port-Ringeard) is a Trappist monastery located in Entrammes, Mayenne, France.	Port-du-Salut Abbey	Entrammes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyłudki (vɨˈwutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wyłudki	Gmina Korycin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellingtonbridge (Irish: Droichead Eoin), also spelled Wellington Bridge, is a village in south County Wexford, Ireland.	Wellingtonbridge	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoonah Airport (IATA: HNH, ICAO: PAOH, FAA LID: HNH) is a state-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Hoonah, Alaska.	Hoonah Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachuli (Persian: كچولي‎, also Romanized as Kachūlī; also known as ``Abbās Qolīkhān and Kajūlī) is a village in Tajan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,284, in 539 families.	Kachuli	Tajan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toco Municipality (also Toko Municipality) is the second municipal section of the Germán Jordán Province in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia.	Toco Municipality	Germán Jordán Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kookooligit Mountains consist of a 30 x 40 km wide shield volcano and over one hundred smaller volcanic cones in western Alaska, United States, located in north-central St. Lawrence Island.	Kookooligit Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weehawken Cemetery, like neighboring Hoboken Cemetery, is not located in its namesake town of Weehawken but rather on the western slope of the Hudson Palisades in North Bergen, New Jersey, with its main entrance on Bergen Turnpike.	Weehawken Cemetery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aufseß, also sometimes spelt Aufsess, is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria, Germany.	Aufseß	Bayreuth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notyst Mały (ˈnɔtɨst ˈmawɨ) (German: Klein Notisten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Notyst Mały	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mile Canyon or more recently known as Eagle Nest Canyon is a tributary canyon of the Rio Grande entering on the north side of the river just downstream from Langtry, Texas.	Mile Canyon	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton Lower Falls, Massachusetts is a village of Newton, Massachusetts, on the Charles River.	Newton Lower Falls	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruddell General Store, also known as the Country Store Museum, is a historic general store building located at Glenville, Gilmer County, West Virginia.	Ruddell General Store	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mormon Pioneer National Heritage Area (MPNHA) recognizes and commemorates the efforts of Mormon pioneers who made the trek westward, settling Utah and the American West.	Mormon Pioneer National Heritage Area	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hampstead Meetinghouse, also known as Hampstead Town Hall, is a historic meeting house at 20 Emerson Avenue in Hampstead, New Hampshire.	Hampstead Meetinghouse	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Two Lights State Park is a publicly owned recreation area named after the twin Cape Elizabeth Lights on Cape Elizabeth, Maine.	Two Lights State Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crystal Falls Dam and Power Plant is a utility located on the Paint River off Powerplant Road, on the north side of Crystal Falls, Michigan.	Crystal Falls Dam and Power Plant	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makaravank (Armenian: Մակարավանք) is a 10th to 13th century church complex near the Achajur village of Tavush Province, Armenia, located on the slope of Paitatap Mountain.	Makaravank	Achajur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Zurzach is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	Bad Zurzach	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver Palm Schoolhouse is an historic school in Goulds, Florida.	Silver Palm Schoolhouse	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muziekcentrum Vredenburg was a music venue in Utrecht, Netherlands with a capacity of 5,000 people.	Muziekcentrum Vredenburg	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Fazel (Persian: كلاته فاضل‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Fāẕel) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Fazel	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fiona Stanley Hospital is a state government hospital and teaching facility in Murdoch, Western Australia.	Fiona Stanley Hospital	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christiana North Jetty Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Delaware, United States, at the end of jetty at the mouth of the Christina River, near Wilmington, Delaware.	Christiana North Jetty Light	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mezraku (Persian: مزراكو‎, also Romanized as Mezrākū; also known as Mezrākūh) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mezraku	Isin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cartoon Art Museum (CAM) is a California art museum that specializes in the art of comics and cartoons.	Cartoon Art Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ibrox Stadium is a football stadium located on the south side of the River Clyde in the Ibrox district of Glasgow.	Ibrox Stadium	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inchs or Inches is a hamlet in the parish of Withiel, Cornwall, England.	Inchs	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bulancak is a town and a district of Giresun Province on the Black Sea coast of Turkey, near to the city of Giresun.	Bulancak	Giresun Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vagalkhani (Persian: وگلخاني‎, also Romanized as Vagalkhānī; also known as Vagūl Khānī) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vagalkhani	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goodwin College is a private, nonprofit, four-year institution located on One Riverside Drive, East Hartford, Connecticut.	Goodwin College	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zard Kesh (Persian: زردكش‎) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District, Amarlu District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zard Kesh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayawan, officially the City of Bayawan or simply Bayawan City, is a first class component city in the 3rd Congressional District of the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines.	Bayawan	Negros Oriental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highlands Air Force Station was a military installation in Middletown Township near the borough of Highlands, New Jersey.	Highlands Air Force Station	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greenville Zoo is a zoo in Greenville, South Carolina, United States.	Greenville Zoo	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bontuchel is a hamlet in Denbighshire, Wales, located 2.8 miles (4.5 km) by road west of Ruthin.	Bontuchel	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windansea Beach is a stretch of coastline located in La Jolla, a community of San Diego, California.	Windansea Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrozy Wielkie (ˈmrɔzɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Mrosen (1929-38: Mrossen; 1938-45:Schönhorst)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mrozy Wielkie	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wave Hill Station mostly referred to as Wave Hill is a pastoral lease in the Northern Territory operating as a cattle station.	Wave Hill Station	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boskednan stone circle (grid reference SW434351) is a partially restored prehistoric stone circle near Boskednan, around 4 miles (6 kilometres) northwest of the town of Penzance in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Boskednan stone circle	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nebo, Gwynedd is a small village in Gwynedd, Wales near Llanllyfni.	Nebo, Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Greene Ville, now present day Greenville, Ohio, was a pioneer fort built under General Anthony Wayne's command.	Fort Greene Ville	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boise Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Idaho, spanning part of Boise and Sawtooth national forests.	Boise Mountains	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gatcombe House is a manor house in Gatcombe on the Isle of Wight, England.	Gatcombe House	Isle of Wight
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pendon Museum, located in Long Wittenham near Didcot, Oxfordshire, England, is a museum that displays scale models, in particular an extremely large scene representing parts of the Vale of White Horse in the 1920s and 1930s.	Pendon Museum	Long Wittenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timan Qaleh (Persian: تيمان قلعه‎, also Romanized as Tīmān Qal``eh) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 107, in 20 families.	Timan Qaleh	Tilakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Breitenbush Guard Station in Willamette National Forest, Detroit, Oregon was designed by architects of the United States Forest Service and was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1935.	Breitenbush Guard Station	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głębocz Wielki (ˈɡwɛmbɔt͡ʂ ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Głębocz Wielki	Gmina Szumowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Creek Reservoir is a reservoir near West Milford in Harrison County, West Virginia, United States.	Buffalo Creek Reservoir	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Francis Parkman House is a National Historic Landmark at 50 Chestnut Street, on Beacon Hill in Boston, Massachusetts.	Francis Parkman House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernard M. Baruch Houses, or Baruch Houses, is a public housing development built by the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.	Baruch Houses	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rote Welle (in English red wave) is an abandoned village in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Rote Welle	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlotte Square is a garden square in Edinburgh, Scotland, part of the New Town, designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	Charlotte Square	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żugienie (ʐuˈɡʲɛɲɛ) (German: Sugnienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żugienie	Gmina Pieniężno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonghe County (simplified Chinese: 通河县; traditional Chinese: 通河縣; pinyin: Tōnghé Xiàn; literally: ``pass river'') is under the administration of Harbin, the capital of Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China, located on the northern (right) bank of the Songhua River.	Tonghe County	Harbin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wuji County (simplified Chinese: 无极县; traditional Chinese: 無極縣; pinyin: Wújí Xiàn) is a county administered by Shijiazhuang prefecture in Hebei Province, China.	Wuji County	Shijiazhuang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lützelau lies in Höfe district in the Canton of Schwyz.	Lützelau	Canton of Schwyz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Theodore Roosevelt National Wildlife Refuge Complex is the largest refuge complex in the state of Mississippi.	Theodore Roosevelt National Wildlife Refuge Complex	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neytal (Persian: نيتل‎; also known as Naithal and Netal) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Neytal	Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rychnówek (rɨxˈnuvɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rychnówek	Gmina Barlinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruiban-e Bozorg (Persian: رويبان بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Rū’ībān-e Bozorg; also known as Cham-e Emām Ḩasan, Ḩeydarīyeh Bozorg, and Rūbīān-e Bozorg) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ruiban-e Bozorg	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mechnacz (ˈmɛxnat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mechnacz	Gmina Kwilcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nichols Field was a U.S. military airfield located south of Manila in Pasay and Parañaque, Metro Manila, Luzon, the Philippines.	Nichols Field	Pasay	Parañaque
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Pasadena, often referred to as Old Town Pasadena or just Old Town, is the original commercial center of Pasadena, a city in California, United States that arose from one of the most prosperous areas of the state, and had a latter day revitalization after a period of decay.	Old Pasadena	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marcei is a former commune in the Orne department in north-western France.	Marcei	Orne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Susana Pass is a Southern California mountain pass in the Simi Hills connecting the San Fernando Valley and town of Chatsworth, to the Simi Valley and city of Simi Valley.	Santa Susana Pass	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Bandab Chati-ye Mahtab (Persian: دوبنداب چاتي مهتاب‎, also Romanized as Do Bandāb Chātī-ye Mahtāb) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Do Bandab Chati-ye Mahtab	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shibiyeh (Persian: شيبيه‎, also Romanized as Shībīyeh) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shibiyeh	Mahur Berenji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Bragg High School is the 9th through 12th grade high school in Fort Bragg, California, USA.	Fort Bragg High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baginton is a village and civil parish in the Warwick district of Warwickshire, England, and has a common border with the City of Coventry of the West Midlands county.	Baginton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzierzęga-Nadbory (d͡ʑɛˈʐɛnɡa nadˈbɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dzierzęga-Nadbory	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raciborsko (rat͡ɕiˈbɔrskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Raciborsko	Gmina Wieliczka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campitelli is the X rione of Rome, located in Municipio I. In the logo there is the black head of a dragon on a white background.	Campitelli	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanwarpura is a village of Katewas found in the Chirawa tehsil of Jhunjhunu, Rajasthan.	Kanwarpura	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Kent is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, about 320 kilometres (200 mi) southeast of Perth, the state capital.	Shire of Kent	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bałdrzychów (bau̯ˈdʐɨxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bałdrzychów	Gmina Poddębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weeley Heath is a village on the B1441 road and the B1414 road, in the Tendring district, in the English county of Essex.	Weeley Heath	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoszowczyk (xɔˈʂɔft͡ʂɨk) (Ukrainian: Гошівчик Hoshivchyk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Hoszowczyk	Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caracaraí is a municipality located in the state of Roraima in Brazil.	Caracaraí	Roraima
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balkhausen is a community of 693 inhabitants forming part of the municipality Seeheim-Jugenheim in the state of Hesse in Germany.	Balkhausen	Seeheim-Jugenheim	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkwood Community College is a two-year comprehensive community college serving seven counties in Iowa.	Kirkwood Community College	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salem Welsh Church, or Salem Presbyterian Church, is a historic Presbyterian church located at Freedom in Cattaraugus County, New York.	Salem Welsh Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koréra Koré is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Nioro in the Kayes Region of western Mali.	Koréra Koré	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murkash (Persian: موركش‎, also Romanized as Mūrkash) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Murkash	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thaton Township (Burmese: သထုံမြို့နယ်) is a township of Thaton District in the Mon State of Myanmar.	Thaton Township	Thaton District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maroñas - Parque Guaraní is a composite barrio (neighbourhood or district) of Montevideo.	Maroñas	Montevideo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranford Road is a major road in the southeastern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, and services a number of housing estates in Canning Vale and Southern River, as well as forming part of one of the two major routes between the port city of Fremantle and Armadale.	Ranford Road	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sioux City Public Museum is a museum about the history and culture of Sioux City, Iowa.	Sioux City Public Museum	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirazi-ye Sofla (Persian: شيرازي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Shīrāzī-ye Soflá) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shirazi-ye Sofla	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małachowice-Kolonia (mawaxɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Małachowice-Kolonia	Gmina Ozorków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centerpoint Medical Center is a hospital located in Independence, Missouri at 19600 East 39th Street.	Centerpoint Medical Center	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llansteffan, formerly also anglicized as Llan- or Lanstephan, is a community and village on the coast of Carmarthenshire in south-west Wales.	Llansteffan	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crag Lough is an inland lake at the southern edge of Northumberland National Park, 2.5 miles (4.0 km) north of Bardon Mill, and 0.5 miles (0.8 km) north of the B6318 Military Road road in Northumberland, northern England.	Crag Lough	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lägh dal Lunghin (German: Lunghinsee) is a lake at an elevation of 2484 m, below the peak of Piz Lunghin, in the Graubünden, Switzerland.	Lägh dal Lunghin	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butler Street Gatehouse at Allegheny Cemetery in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was built 1848 in the Gothic Revival style by John Chislett, Pittsburgh's first well-known architect and the founder of the cemetery.	Butler Street Gatehouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bristol Eastern High School is a public high school in Bristol, Connecticut, USA which was opened in 1959.	Bristol Eastern High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tut Kari (Persian: توت كري‎, also Romanized as Tūt Karī; also known as Tūt Khvorī, Tūt-e Khūrī, Tūt-e Kūrī, and Tūt-i-Kuri) is a village in Qohestan Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tut Kari	Qohestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middlesbrough (i/ˈmɪdəlzbrə/ MID-əlz-brə) is a large industrial town on the south bank of the River Tees in North Yorkshire, England.	Middlesbrough	North Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurab-e Zar (Persian: شوراب زار‎, also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Zār; also known as Shūrāb-e Lor and Shūrāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shurab-e Zar	Bakesh-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotarszyn (kɔˈtarʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kotarszyn	Gmina Waśniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gościmierz (ɡɔɕˈt͡ɕimjɛʂ) (German: Gedde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gościmierz	Gmina Karnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Don Mun (Thai: ศรีดอนมูล) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Chiang Saen District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Si Don Mun	Chiang Saen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wolf Creek Dam is a multi-purpose dam on the Cumberland River in the western part of Russell County, Kentucky, United States.	Wolf Creek Dam	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Stillwater Reservoir is a large high mountain reservoir on the south slope of the High Uintas in Duchesne County, Utah.	Upper Stillwater Reservoir	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowband-e Cheshmeh Puti (Persian: دوبندچشمه پوتي‎, also Romanized as Dowband-e Cheshmeh Pūtī; also known as Dowband) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dowband-e Cheshmeh Puti	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flat Tops Wilderness Area is the third largest U.S. Wilderness Area in Colorado.	Flat Tops Wilderness Area	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dul Arzan (Persian: دول ارزن‎, also Romanized as Dūl Arzān, Dowlarzan, and Dūlārzan) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dul Arzan	Nameh Shir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horyszów-Kolonia (xɔˈrɨʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Horyszów-Kolonia	Gmina Miączyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Candarave Province is the smallest of four provinces in the Tacna Region in southern Peru.	Candarave Province	Tacna Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Andreu (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsant ənˈdɾew)) is one of the ten districts into which Barcelona has been divided up since 1984.	Sant Andreu	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meadow Valley Wash is a southern Nevada stream draining the Meadow Watershed that is bordered on 3 sides by the Great Basin Divide.	Meadow Valley Wash	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burashan (Persian: بوراشان‎, also Romanized as Būrāshān; also known as Borāshān) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Burashan	Bakeshluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wodąca (vɔˈdɔnt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wodąca	Gmina Sienno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Sheykh (Persian: چاه شيخ‎, also Romanized as Chāh Sheykh) is a village in Sigar Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Sheykh	Sigar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khataiyeh (Persian: خطائيه‎, also Romanized as Khaţā``īyeh) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 6 families.	Khataiyeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockhouse Cliffs Rockshelters (12PE98 and 12PE100) are a pair of rockshelters in the far southern region of the U.S. state of Indiana.	Rockhouse Cliffs Rockshelters	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Chiswell Place, also known as Blue Plains, is a historic home and property located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland.	Old Chiswell Place	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bank Barn was item #2219 on the New Jersey State Historic Register, a timber bank barn located at 207 Mountain Ave in Pequannock, NJ.	Bank Barn	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podobowice (pɔdɔbɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Podobowice	Gmina Żnin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubiażyn (duˈbʲaʐɨn) (Ukrainian: Дуб'яжин, Dubyazhyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dubiażyn	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alasa Farms, also known as the Sodus Bay Shaker Tract and Sodus Bay Phalanx, is a historic farm complex located near Alton in Wayne County, New York.	Alasa Farms	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gielniewo (ɡʲɛlˈɲɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gielniewo	Gmina Suwałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sevaldi (Persian: سولدي‎, also Romanized as Sevaldī and Savaldi; also known as Barzan, Sāldī, Seh Baleh, Sevalī, and Sūlvī) is a village in Qushkhaneh-ye Bala Rural District, Qushkhaneh District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sevaldi	Qushkhaneh-ye Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHLK-FM, branded as Lake 88.1 FM, is a Canadian radio station offering a soft adult contemporary music format with a focus on local/regional news programming broadcasting at 88.1 FM in Perth, Ontario.	CHLK-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubie (also spelled Dubié) is a village in Pweto Territory, Haut-Katanga District, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Dubie	Pweto Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yurt-e Zeynal (Persian: يورت زينل‎, also Romanized as Yūrt-e Zeynal; also known as Yowrd-e Zeynab) is a village in Nilkuh Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yurt-e Zeynal	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayground Windmill is an historic windmill at Windmill Lane in East Hampton Village, New York.	Hayground Windmill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grafing bei München (officially: Grafing b.München) is a town in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg.	Grafing	Ebersberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westview Cemetery, located in Atlanta, Georgia, is the largest civilian cemetery in the Southeastern United States, comprising more than 582 acres (2.36 km2), 50% of which is undeveloped.	Westview Cemetery	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andarzi (Persian: اندرزي‎, also Romanized as Andarzī) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Andarzi	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paladin Stadium is a 16,000-seat stadium located near Greenville, South Carolina, USA.	Paladin Stadium	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żuniewo (ʐuˈɲevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Żuniewo	Gmina Dziadkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqamir Kandi (Persian: اقاميركندي‎, also Romanized as Āqāmīr Kandī) is a village in Zangebar Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aqamir Kandi	Zangebar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gronity (ɡrɔˈnitɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gronity	Gmina Gietrzwałd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mutundwe is in the Lubaga Division, one of the five administrative divisions of Kampala, Uganda's capital city.	Mutundwe	Lubaga Division
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacheh-ye Anjir (Persian: پاچه انجير‎, also Romanized as Pācheh-ye Ānjīr) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Pacheh-ye Anjir	Boli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diafeh (Persian: ديافه‎, also Romanized as Dīāfeh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Diafeh	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nolin River Lake is a reservoir in Edmonson, Grayson, and Hart counties in Kentucky.	Nolin River Lake	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipiny Górne-Lewki (liˈpinɨ ˈɡurnɛ ˈlɛfki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Górny, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Lipiny Górne-Lewki	Gmina Potok Górny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tuomy Hills Service Station is a commercial building located 2460 Washtenaw Avenue in Ann Arbor, Michigan.	Tuomy Hills Service Station	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shipton Moyne is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district, Gloucestershire, England located approximately 105 miles west of London.	Shipton Moyne	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Wingra is a small lake located inside the city limits of the U.S. city of Madison, Wisconsin.	Lake Wingra	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemrask (Persian: لمراسك‎, also Romanized as Lemrāsk) is a village in Kolbad-e Sharqi Rural District, Kolbad District, Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lemrask	Kolbad-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geruiyeh-ye Bala (Persian: گروئيه بالا‎, also Romanized as Gerū’īyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Geruiyeh-ye Bala	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen Elizabeth II September 11th Garden is located in Hanover Square in downtown Manhattan.	Queen Elizabeth II September 11th Garden	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Enoggera Dam is a heritage-listed dam, which is located within the inner, western suburb of Enoggera Reservoir, in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Enoggera Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putnowce (putˈnɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Putnowce	Gmina Sidra
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Meols is a civil parish and electoral ward in the West Lancashire district of Lancashire, England.	North Meols	West Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Pinos (/pinoʊs/, traditionally /paɪnoʊs/) is a mountain located in the Los Padres National Forest on the boundary between Ventura and Kern counties in California.	Mount Pinos	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Kesteven is a local government district in Lincolnshire, England, forming part of the traditional Kesteven division of the county.	South Kesteven	Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Bovill in Latah County, Idaho, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.	Hotel Bovill	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Quattervals (Romansh lit. ``peak of the four valleys'') is a mountain of the Livigno Alps, located in Graubünden, Switzerland.	Piz Quattervals	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozia Wieś (ˈkɔʑa ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kozia Wieś	Gmina Krasocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilawice (pilaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pilawice	Gmina Sochaczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burondi is a village near Dapoli in India's Maharashtra state near the coast.	Burondi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torkaman Rural District (Persian: دهستان تركمان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Torkaman Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Austin Aquarium is a for profit aquarium located in Austin, Texas, United States, that opened to the public December 12, 2013.	Austin Aquarium	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barwick-in-Elmet is a village in West Yorkshire, 7 miles (11 km) east of Leeds city centre.	Barwick-in-Elmet	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlatton and Cumrew are civil parishes in Cumbria, England with a common parish council.	Carlatton and Cumrew	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Rosecrans High School is a private, Catholic high school, operated by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Columbus, located in Zanesville, in the U.S. state of Ohio.	Bishop Rosecrans High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph Mallet House is located in the Cork Hill neighborhood of Davenport, Iowa, United States, and is across the street from Sacred Heart Cathedral.	Joseph Mallet House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taherabad-e Sofla (Persian: طاهرابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Ţāherābād-e Soflá; also known as Ţāherābād-e Pā’īn, Ţāherābād, Tahrābād, and Tubrābād) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Taherabad-e Sofla	Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Jawor (ˈnɔvɨ ˈjavɔr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nowy Jawor	Gmina Pawłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgewater Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through sixth grades from Edgewater, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Edgewater Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 215 Brookline Street in Newton, Massachusetts is one of the oldest houses in the city.	House at 215 Brookline Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowalów Górny (kɔˈvaluf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kowalów Górny	Gmina Wodzisław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amherst County High School is a suburban public high school, grades 9--12, serving Amherst County, Virginia.	Amherst County High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weston County Courthouse in Newcastle, Wyoming was designed by Charles A. Randall and built in 1910--11.	Weston County Courthouse	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fish Flake Hill Historic District encompasses a section of Front Street in Beverly, Massachusetts that includes a remarkable concentration of colonial buildings, and which was notable for its importance in the American Revolutionary War.	Fish Flake Hill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamalpais High School (often abbreviated as Tam) is a public secondary school located in Mill Valley, California.	Tamalpais High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potosi Correctional Center (PCC) is a Missouri Department of Corrections prison located in unincorporated Washington County, Missouri, near Mineral Point.	Potosi Correctional Center	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Pietro in Montorio is a church in Rome, Italy, which includes in its courtyard the Tempietto, a small commemorative martyrium (tomb) built by Donato Bramante.	San Pietro in Montorio	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Challagariga is a village in Warangal district, Telangana, in the state of Telangana in India.	Challagariga	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	SV Vesta Stadion is a football stadium located in Santa Maria Willemstad, Curaçao with a capacity of 3,000 spectators.	SV Vesta Stadion	Willemstad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Łupianka (ˈstara wuˈpjaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stara Łupianka	Gmina Łapy
located in the administrative territorial entity	After neighboring municipalities Schijndel and Veghel, Sint-Oedenrode was at the time the third most industrialized town of eastern North-Brabant.	Sint-Oedenrode	North-Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion an der Bremer Brücke (officially: Osnatel-Arena) is a football stadium in Osnabrück, Germany.	Stadion an der Bremer Brücke	Osnabrück
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nay Angiz (Persian: ناي انگيز‎‎, also Romanized as Nāy Angīz; also known as Nā’īn Gaz, Naugaz, and Now Gaz) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Nay Angiz	Gerit Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fernmeldeturm Nürnberg, the tallest structure in Bavaria, is a telecommunication tower in Nuremberg, southern Germany.	Fernmeldeturm Nürnberg	Nuremberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sælen Church (Norwegian: Sælen kirke) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Sælen Church	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nerepis River is a river approximately 25 miles long, located in New Brunswick, Canada.	Nerepis River	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Sarun (Persian: چالسرون‎, also Romanized as Chāl Sarūn; also known as Chāl Sarā) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chal Sarun	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deertrees Theatre is a performing arts center located in Harrison, Maine, United States.	Deertrees Theatre	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarszów Dolny (ˈskarʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ) (German: Unter Scharsow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skarszów Dolny	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pope St. John XXIII National Seminary (formerly Blessed John XXIII National Seminary) is a Roman Catholic priestly seminary located in Weston, Massachusetts.	Pope St. John XXIII National Seminary	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Branahuie (Scottish Gaelic: Bràigh na h-Aoidhe) is a village on Lewis in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Branahuie	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iskut is a small, mostly aboriginal community in the Stikine Country of northwestern British Columbia.	Iskut	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castletown House, Celbridge, County Kildare, Ireland, is a Palladian country house built in 1722 for William Conolly, the Speaker of the Irish House of Commons.	Castletown House	Celbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Mark's Anglican Community School is a co-educational day school school in Perth, Western Australia.	St. Mark's Anglican Community School	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rembertów (Polish pronunciation: (rɛmˈbɛrtuf)) is a district of the city of Warsaw, the capital of Poland.	Rembertów	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 812 (FM 812) is a 21.3-mile (34.3 km) state-maintained roadway located in Travis and Bastrop counties in the US State of Texas.	Farm to Market Road 812	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orchid Line is a multi-gauge miniature railway operating within the Curraghs Wildlife Park in the north of the Isle of Man and is operated by the Manx Model Engineering Society.	The Orchid Line	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sherwood Dam, known also as Lake Sherwood Dam, Alturas Dam, and Potrero Dam, is a 270 feet (82 m) long concrete arch dam in the Santa Monica Mountains near Thousand Oaks, California, completed in 1904.	Sherwood Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chambray is a commune in the Eure department of northern France, located 13 km northeast of Évreux on the north bank of the Eure River.	Chambray	Eure
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mendham Borough Schools are a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Mendham Borough, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Mendham Borough Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tam Babol (Persian: تم بابل‎, also Romanized as Tam Bābol) is a village in Bondar Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tam Babol	Bondar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clermont Estates Historic District was a national historic district located near Germantown in Columbia County, New York.	Clermont Estates Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mezowo (mɛˈzɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mezowo	Gmina Kartuzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambras Castle (German: Schloss Ambras Innsbruck) is a Renaissance castle and palace located in the hills above Innsbruck, Austria.	Ambras Castle	Innsbruck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goshen Swamp is a blackwater creek swamp located in Duplin County, North Carolina, near the towns of Faison and Calypso.	Goshen Swamp	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandy Creek Covered Bridge State Historic Site is a publicly owned property in Jefferson County, Missouri, administered by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources, preserving the Sandy Creek Covered Bridge.	Sandy Creek Covered Bridge State Historic Site	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raz Galleh (Persian: رزگله‎; also known as 'Raz Galeh Ābdār) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Raz Galleh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 2011, Ermsdorf has merged with Medernach to become the ``Aerenzdallgemeng'' (commune Vallée de l'Ernz, Ernztalgemeinde)	Ermsdorf	Vallée de l'Ernz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczany-Kolonia (lɛʂˈt͡ʂanɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Leszczany-Kolonia	Gmina Żmudź
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koulamoutou is the capital of Ogooué-Lolo Province in central Gabon, with a population of around 16,000 people.	Koulamoutou	Ogooué-Lolo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Rafateh (Persian: عباس ابادرفعته‎, also Romanized as ʿAbbāsābād-e Rafʿateh) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Abbasabad-e Rafateh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choszcze (ˈxɔʂt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Choszcze	Gmina Mrozy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goler Metropolitan AME Zion Church, originally known as East Fourth Street Baptist Church, is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion church located at 1435 E. Fourth Street in Winston-Salem, Forsyth County, North Carolina.	Goler Metropolitan AME Zion Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penysarn (/pɛnˈsɑːrn/; Welsh pronunciation: (pɛnˈsarn)) is a small village located in the north-eastern corner of Anglesey, Wales, and on the north-eastern side of Parys Mountain, at approximately 140--150 feet above sea level.	Penysarn	Anglesey	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	WALT-FM (102.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting in the Meridian, Mississippi, area.	WALT-FM	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Nelson Community College (abbreviated form: TNCC) is a two-year college located in Virginia.	Thomas Nelson Community College	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fanla is a small village situated in the north of Ambrym Island, in the archipelago of Vanuatu in Melanesia, in the province of Malampa.	Fanla	Ambrym
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Chrzanowice (kɔˈlɔɲa xʂanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Chrzanowice	Gmina Gomunice
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Abbott College is an English-language public college located in Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue, Quebec, Canada, near the western tip of the Island of Montreal.	John Abbott College	Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malaya Sportivnaya Arena, also known as Malaya Arena or The Small Arena, is a multi-use stadium in Tiraspol, Moldova.	Malaya Sportivnaya Arena	Tiraspol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małe Rudy (ˈmawɛ ˈrudɨ) (German: Ruden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Małe Rudy	Gmina Szubin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rheinfelden District lies in the northwest of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, in the Fricktal region.	Rheinfelden District	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meykhvosh (Persian: ميخوش‎, also Romanized as Meykhowsh; Azerbaijani: Muxuş); also known as Markhash and Sīkhowsh) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Meykhvosh	Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beźnik (ˈbɛʑnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Beźnik	Gmina Przysucha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipality of Burwood is a local government area in the inner-west of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Municipality of Burwood	Sydney	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šemnice (German: Schömitz) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Šemnice	Karlovy Vary District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanjarak-e Bala (Persian: هنجرك بالا‎, also Romanized as Hanjarak-e Bālā; also known as Hajrak, Hanjarak, and Khanjarak) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hanjarak-e Bala	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mary Cray is an area of southeast London, and is part of the London Borough of Bromley.	St Mary Cray	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanyakumari district is the southernmost district in Tamil Nadu state and mainland India.	Kanyakumari district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Youghiogheny River Lake is a flood control reservoir in southwestern Pennsylvania and western Maryland.	Youghiogheny River Lake	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ensenada Partido (Spanish pronunciation: (enseˈnaða)) is a district (a ``partido'') of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, belonging to the Greater La Plata area, just south of the Gran Buenos Aires urban conglomerate.	Ensenada Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Har HaMenuchot (Hebrew: הר המנוחות‎, Ashkenazi pronunciation, Har HaMenuchos, lit. ``Mount of Those who are Resting'', also known as Givat Shaul Cemetery) is the largest cemetery in Jerusalem, Israel.	Har HaMenuchot	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petersburg Breakthrough Battlefield is a historic district in Dinwiddie County, near Petersburg, Virginia.	Petersburg Breakthrough Battlefield	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. G.W. Williams Secondary School is one of five high schools in Aurora, Ontario and is one of two under the jurisdiction of the York Region District School Board.	Dr. G.W. Williams Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mataiva Airport is an airport on Mataiva in French Polynesia (IATA: MVT, ICAO: NTGV).	Mataiva Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cisowiec (t͡ɕiˈsɔvʲɛt͡s) (Ukrainian: Тисовець, Tysovets'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Cisowiec	Gmina Baligród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartford Seminary is a theological college in Hartford, Connecticut, USA.	Hartford Seminary	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blencoe Falls is a segmented waterfall on the Blencoe Creek, located in the Far North region of Queensland, Australia.	Blencoe Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenferrie Oval is an Australian rules football stadium located in Hawthorn, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Glenferrie Oval	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	French River/Alban Aerodrome (TC LID: CFR5) was an aerodrome located 1 NM (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) north of Alban, Ontario near the French River in Canada.	French River/Alban Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duddingston House is an 18th-century mansion in Edinburgh, Scotland, located west of the village of Duddingston.	Duddingston House	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	York Municipal Airport (ICAO: KJYR, FAA LID: JYR) is a mile northwest of York, in York County, Nebraska.	York Municipal Airport	York County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prievidza District (Slovak: okres Prievidza, Hungarian: Privigyei járás) is a district in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Prievidza District	Trenčín Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slut, Munsö is a village (smaller locality) in Ekerö Municipality, Stockholm County, southeastern Sweden.	Slut, Munsö	Ekerö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQQQ also serves adjacent Dutchess County, New York and southern Berkshire County, Massachusetts.	WQQQ	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wonder Works is a children's museum, a non-profit corporation established in 2002, located in the village of Oak Park, Illinois.	Wonder Works	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieczyski (pjɛˈt͡ʂɨski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pieczyski	Gmina Perlejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNMC-FM (90.7 FM) is a public radio station in Traverse City, Michigan, and is licensed to the trustees of Northwestern Michigan College (NMC).	WNMC-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wetzlar Cathedral is a large church in the town of Wetzlar, located on the Lahn river some 50 km north of Frankfurt (Hesse, Germany).	Wetzlar Cathedral	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	ABC South East SA is an ABC Local Radio station based in Mount Gambier, South Australia.	ABC South East SA	Mount Gambier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonbad Rural District (Persian: دهستان گنبد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Gonbad Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikory-Wojciechowięta (ɕiˈkɔrɨ vɔi̯t͡ɕɛxɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sikory-Wojciechowięta	Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ste. Rose du Lac Airport, (TC LID: CKR3), was located 1 NM (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) southeast of Ste. Rose du Lac, Manitoba, Canada.	Ste. Rose du Lac Airport	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	It forms part of the Nottinghamshire borough of Gedling, although Colwick Woods and the Country Park fall within the unitary authority of Nottingham.	Colwick	Nottinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Here I Grew Up, is a public artwork by American artist Garo Z. Antreasian, located on the lower level of the Indiana Government Center North building, which is near Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	Here I Grew Up	Indiana	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nutty Putty Cave is a hydrothermal cave located west of Utah Lake in Utah County, Utah, United States.	Nutty Putty Cave	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ear Falls is entirely surrounded by Unorganized Kenora District.	Ear Falls	Kenora District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goven (Breton: Goven, Gallo: Govaen) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Goven	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ben and Margaret Stone Boathouse is a historic boathouse in the Town of Plum Lake in Vilas County, Wisconsin.	Ben and Margaret Stone Boathouse	Plum Lake
located in the administrative territorial entity	TheatreSquared, founded in 2005, is a regional professional theatre located in downtown Fayetteville, Arkansas.	TheatreSquared	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haft Band (Persian: هفت بند‎) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Haft Band	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Josse, or Saint-Josse-sur-Mer, is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Saint-Josse	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabdaraq (Persian: جبدرق‎; also known as Jidaragh and Jīdaraq) is a village in Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Jabdaraq	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubocień (luˈbɔt͡ɕeɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubocień	Gmina Śliwice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lennoxville (Airview) Airport, (TC LID: CTQ4), was located 0.5 nautical miles (0.93 km; 0.58 mi) south of Lennoxville, Quebec, Canada.	Lennoxville (Airview) Airport	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oastler Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in the municipality of Seguin, Parry Sound District in Central Ontario, Canada.	Oastler Lake Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gabelli School of Business is the undergraduate and graduate business schools of Fordham University, the Jesuit University of New York.	Gabelli School of Business	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fuente de Oro (English: Fountain of Gold) is a town and municipality in the Meta Department, Colombia.	Fuente de Oro	Meta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesker Amphitheatre is a historic 8,500-seat amphitheater, located in Evansville, Indiana, United States.	Mesker Amphitheatre	Evansville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee Arrendale State Prison of the Georgia Department of Corrections is a women's prison located in unincorporated Habersham County, Georgia, near Alto, and in proximity to Gainesville.	Arrendale State Prison	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lée or Lee is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Lée	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Exarcheia (Greek: Εξάρχεια) is the name of a neighborhood in downtown Athens, Greece close to the historical building of the National Technical University of Athens.	Exarcheia	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newport News/Williamsburg International Airport (IATA: PHF, ICAO: KPHF, FAA LID: PHF) is an airport located in Newport News, Virginia, and serves the Hampton Roads metropolitan area along with Norfolk International Airport in Norfolk.	Newport News/Williamsburg International Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lareh Val (Persian: لره ول‎; also known as Lareh Dūl) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Lareh Val	Naran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady of the Isles (Gaelic: Moire ro Naomh nan Eilean or Bana Thighearna nan Eilean) is a sculpture of the Virgin Mary, on South Uist in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.	Our Lady of the Isles	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dundurn Castle is a historic neoclassical mansion on York Boulevard in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Dundurn Castle	Hamilton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady of Perpetual Help Church is a Roman Catholic church in Fulham, in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.	Our Lady of Perpetual Help Church	London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polków-Daćbogi (ˈpɔlkuf dat͡ɕˈbɔɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Polków-Daćbogi	Gmina Grębków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alimia or Alimnia is a Greek island of the Aegean Sea, located in the sea area between Rhodes and Halki, the complex of Dodecanese.	Alimia	Dodecanese
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red House Presbyterian Church, also known as Hugh McAden Gravesite or Red House Church, is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located at 13409 NC 119 N in Semora, Caswell County, North Carolina.	Red House Presbyterian Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballidon is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire, England, on the edge of the Peak District National Park.	Ballidon	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Attavar or Attavara is a locality in Mangalore city, Karnataka, India.	Attavar	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Sanjetha (Persian: چشمه سنجتها‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Sanjethā) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Sanjetha	Mizdej-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cox Scrub Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia located approximately 55 kilometres (34 mi) south of Adelaide city centre.	Cox Scrub Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Młynowiec (mwɨˈnɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Mühlbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Młynowiec	Gmina Stronie Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stephenson Grand Army of the Republic Memorial, also known as Dr. Benjamin F. Stephenson, is a public artwork in Washington, D.C. honoring Dr. Benjamin F. Stephenson, founder of the Grand Army of the Republic, a fraternal organization for Union veterans.	Stephenson Grand Army of the Republic Memorial	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Davi (Persian: چشمه داوي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Dāvī) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Davi	Mishkhas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mary Ray Memorial School, now the Raymond Community Center, is located on Raymond Sheddan Avenue in Raymond, Georgia.	Mary Ray Memorial School	Raymond, Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salem Community College is an accredited, co-educational, two-year public, community college located in Salem County, New Jersey.	Salem Community College	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polly Bemis House was the home of Idaho County, Idaho pioneers Charles Bemis and his wife Polly Bemis, who lived alongside the Salmon River in the late 19th and early 20th century.	Polly Bemis House	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Washington Michael G. Foster School of Business is the business school at the University of Washington, Seattle.	Foster School of Business	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claro Abbey (Italian: Monastero di Santa Maria Assunta supra Claro) is a Benedictine community of nuns, dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, situated twenty minutes by foot to the east of the village of Claro in the Canton of Ticino, Switzerland.	Claro Abbey	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipality of Bundas lies at the south-eastern corner of Moxico Province of Angola near the border with Zambia.	Bundas	Moxico Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świerchowa (ɕfjɛrˈxɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Jasielski, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Świerchowa	Gmina Osiek Jasielski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melcher Covered Bridge, also known as the ``Klondyke Covered Bridge'', ``Marion Covered Bridge'', or the ``Leatherwood Covered Bridge'' crosses Leatherwood Creek east of Montezuma, Indiana, and is a single-span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph J. Daniels in 1896.	Melcher Covered Bridge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuruk (Persian: كوروك‎, also Romanized as Kūrūk and Korūk; also known as Qūryūg) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kuruk	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDIL (940 AM) is a licensed radio station with a FCC issued license for Jerome, Idaho, USA.	KDIL	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Montgilbert is a ruined medieval fortress located in the commune of Ferrières-sur-Sichon, 25 km to the south-east of Vichy in the Allier département of France.	Château de Montgilbert	Ferrières-sur-Sichon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marot (Urdu: مروٹ‎) is a city district in Bahawalnagar District in the Province of Punjab, Pakistan.	Marot	Bahawalnagar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamtaman (Persian: تمتمان‎, also Romanized as Tamtamān) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tamtaman	Nazluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fischeln is the most southerly district of Krefeld, Germany.	Fischeln	Krefeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalmak-e Gelal (Persian: كلمك گلال‎, also Romanized as Kalmak-e Gelāl; also known as Kalmūk) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kalmak-e Gelal	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Columbia State Park is a 593-acre (240 ha) Washington state park that preserves the site of Fort Columbia in Chinook.	Fort Columbia State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	John B. Good House is a historic home located at Bowmansville, Brecknock Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	John B. Good House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oil Palace is an 6,960-seat multi-purpose arena located on Texas State Highway 64 just outside the eastern city limits of Tyler, Texas.	The Oil Palace	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. M. Bonney House, also known as the James Morris Bonney House, is an historic Carpenter Gothic house located at 408 Princeton Avenue in Buena Vista, Chaffee County, Colorado.	J. M. Bonney House	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bozi Jan (Persian: بزي جان‎, also Romanized as Bozī Jān; also known as Boz Jūn, Buz-i-Jān, and Buzjūn) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Bozi Jan	Baqerabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	David Rayfiel House, also known as The Sacandaga Glass House or ``Shelter for David Rayfiel,'' is a historic home located at Day in Saratoga County, New York.	David Rayfiel House	Day
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kenton Post Office is a historic post office building on Maine Street in Kenton, Delaware.	Kenton Post Office	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fisher Hill Historic District encompasses a residential area in central Brookline, Massachusetts.	Fisher Hill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hethersgill is a village and a civil parish in the City of Carlisle district, in the county of Cumbria, England.	Hethersgill	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takht-e Qeysar (Persian: تخت قيصر‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Qeyşar; also known as Takht-e Āzādī) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takht-e Qeysar	Shahid Modarres Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefid Shaban (Persian: سفيدشبان‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Shabān; also known as Sefīd Shīān) is a village in Kuh Panah Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sefid Shaban	Kuh Panah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fresh Wharf was a wharf located in the City of London close to London Bridge, on the north bank of the River Thames.	Fresh Wharf	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saloon, located at 1232 Grant Avenue in North Beach, is currently the oldest saloon of San Francisco and for decades has offered dancing and live music.	The Saloon	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDZY is a Conservative Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Colonial Heights, Virginia, serving the Petersburg/Richmond area.	WDZY	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alkozai (also spelled Alokozai) is a village in Panjwayi District, Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.	Alkozai	Panjwayi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yek Khisheh (Persian: يك خيشه‎, also Romanized as Yek Khīsheh and Yakhīsheh) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Yek Khisheh	Jahangiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Impression 5 Science Center, is a science museum located in downtown Lansing, Michigan.	Impression 5 Science Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sugarloaf Key is a single island in the lower Florida Keys that forms a loop on the Atlantic Ocean side giving the illusion of separate islands.	Sugarloaf Key	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Collinson (Chinese: 歌連臣角), also Hak Kok Tau (黑角頭), is a cape located near Ngan Wan between Siu Sai Wan and Big Wave Bay at the eastmost point of Hong Kong Island.	Cape Collinson	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalkwell is an area in the Southend-on-Sea borough and unitary district in Essex, England.	Chalkwell	Southend-on-Sea
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George H. Carroll Lion Habitat is a 12,764-square-foot (1,185.8 m2), climate-controlled facility located on the campus the University of North Alabama that houses the only two live lion mascots in the United States, Leo III and Una.	George H. Carroll Lion Habitat	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alpine Stake Tabernacle or Alpine Tabernacle, located at 110 E. Main Street in American Fork, Utah, functions as a meeting place for large gatherings of members of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Northern Utah County for worship services.	Alpine Stake Tabernacle	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murgul (Laz: მურღული/Murğuli; Georgian: მურღული/Murghuli) is a town and district of Artvin Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Murgul	Artvin Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashiran (Persian: مشيران‎, also Romanized as Mashīrān and Moshīrān) is a village in Yaft Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mashiran	Yaft Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poundisford Park north of Pitminster, Somerset, England is an English country house that typifies progressive house-building on the part of the West Country gentry in the mid-16th century.	Poundisford Park	Pitminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koniecki (kɔˈɲet͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koniecki	Gmina Jedwabne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bussière-Badil is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France, part of the Parc naturel régional Périgord Limousin.	Bussière-Badil	Dordogne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahilan (Persian: سهيلان‎, also Romanized as Sahīlān; also known as Samīlān (Persian: سميلان) and Sehmīlān) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sahilan	Rudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	200 Clarendon, (previously John Hancock Tower) and colloquially known as The Hancock, is a 60-story, 790-foot (240 m) skyscraper in Boston.	John Hancock Tower	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pamur is a census town in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Pamur	Prakasam district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pervan Gornji (Serbian Cyrillic: Перван Горњи) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pervan Gornji	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grenzau Castle (German: Burg Grenzau) is a ruined spur castle at 250 m above sea level near Höhr-Grenzhausen in the county of Westerwaldkreis in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Grenzau Castle	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yancopin Bridge is an abandoned railroad moveable bridge spanning the Arkansas River, and the last bridge across the Arkansas River before it flows into the Mississippi River 15 miles to the southeast.	Yancopin Bridge	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanwangzhuang Township (Chinese: 南王庄乡) is a township-level division of Jingxing County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Nanwangzhuang Township	Jingxing County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kambel-e Soleyman (Persian: كمبل سليمان‎, also Romanized as Kambel-e Soleymān; also known as Kambal, Kambel, and Kambel-e Bālā) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kambel-e Soleyman	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanali, Zahedan (Persian: چانعلی‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chanali, Zahedan	Corrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harty is a small hamlet on the Isle of Sheppey in Kent consisting of a few cottages, a church and a public house, the Ferry Inn (a Grade II listed building).	Harty	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Ellis Academy is a co-educational boarding high school (grades 9 through 12) located about 5 miles (8.0 km) east of Bozeman, Montana, United States.	Mount Ellis Academy	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marlborough-Blenheim Hotel was a historic resort hotel property in Atlantic City, New Jersey, built in 1902-1906, and demolished in October of 1978.	Marlborough-Blenheim Hotel	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zevenbergen is a Dutch city which is a part of the municipality of Moerdijk.	Zevenbergen	Moerdijk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Reunion is a peak in the Sawtooth Mountains of northern Minnesota, in the United States.	Mount Reunion	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Hashem (Persian: چم هاشم‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Hāshem and Cham Hashem; also known as Cham Hāshemī) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham-e Hashem	Soltanabad Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hall-Benedict Drug Company Building is a historic commercial building at 763-767 Orange Street in the East Rock neighborhood of New Haven, Connecticut.	Hall-Benedict Drug Company Building	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 973 (FM 973) is a farm to market road in Travis and Williamson counties, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 973	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Soden (Taunus) station is the northern terminus of the Soden Railway (German: Sodener Bahn) in the German state of Hesse.	Bad Soden (Taunus) station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garnant is a Welsh mining village in the valley of the River Amman in Carmarthenshire, north of Swansea.	Garnant	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipscomb Academy is a college preparatory, private, Christian school serving students from Pre-Kindergarten through 12th grade, located in Nashville, Tennessee.	Lipscomb Academy	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Mutur Nazami (Persian: چاه موتورنظمي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Mūtūr Naẓamī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mutur Nazami	Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heeraganj is a Village in Kunda tehsil, Pratapgarh district of Indian state Uttar Pradesh.	Heeraganj	Pratapgarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOAA-TV, virtual channel 5 (UHF digital channel 42), is an NBC-affiliated television station serving southern Colorado, licensed to Pueblo; the station is owned by Cordillera Communications, a subsidiary of Evening Post Industries.	KOAA-TV	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Easton Roller Mill is a historic sawmill and grist mill located near Morgantown, Monongalia County, West Virginia.	Easton Roller Mill	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgbaston Waterworks (Edgbaston Pumping Station) (grid reference SP0455386465) lies to the east of Edgbaston Reservoir, two miles west of the centre of Birmingham, England.	Edgbaston Waterworks	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottawa River (French: Rivière des Outaouais, Algonquin: Kitchissippi), is a river in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec.	Ottawa River	Ontario	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osina Duża (ɔˈɕina ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Osina Duża	Gmina Kiełczygłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Visman (Persian: ويسمان‎, also Romanized as Vīsmān; also known as Dīsmān and Vishmān) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Visman	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The German Bank Building, known also as Louisville Home Federal Building, is a historic building in Downtown Louisville, Kentucky, USA.	German Bank Building	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	University of Illinois Ice Arena, also known as the Big Pond, is an ice arena and recreational sport facility located in Champaign, Illinois and owned and operated by the University of Illinois at Urbana--	University of Illinois Ice Arena	Champaign
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ingram Planetarium is a planetarium located at Sunset Beach in Brunswick County, North Carolina.	Ingram Planetarium	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaney House of Art and Knowledge is the central museum, library and art gallery of the city of Canterbury, Kent, England.	Beaney House of Art and Knowledge	Canterbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estey Hall is a historic building on the campus of Shaw University in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Estey Hall	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gundaroo is a small village in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia and in Yass Valley Council.	Gundaroo	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kevola Observatory is located in Kevola in Paimio in South-Western Finland, some 35 km east from the city of Turku.	Kevola Observatory	Paimio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robertson Oval is a multi-use sports facility in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia.	Robertson Oval	Wagga Wagga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmez-e Olya (Persian: گرمزعليا‎, also Romanized as Garmez-e ``Olyā; also known as Garmez) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 279, in 57 families.	Garmez-e Olya	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackpot Airport (IATA: KPT, FAA LID: Ø6U), also known as Hayden Field, is a county owned, public use airport located east of Jackpot, in Elko County, Nevada, United States.	Jackpot Airport	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Nezam ol Din (Persian: سيدنظام الدين‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Nez̧ām ol Dīn, Seyyed Nez̧ām ed Dīn, and Seyyed Nez̧ām od Dīn) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Seyyed Nezam ol Din	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Coast Distance Education School at www.ncdes.ca is a public school in Northern British Columbia offering distributed learning courses to students in BC. NCDES is a member of Learn Now BC and BC Learning Network NCDES offers courses to students of all ages from kindergarten to grade 12 and adult.	North Coast Distance Education	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peyavin (Persian: پياوين‎‎, also Romanized as Peyāvīn) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Peyavin	Nameh Shir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veniero's Pasticceria & Caffé is an Italian bakery that was established in 1894, and is located at 342 East 11th Street (between First Avenue and Second Avenue), in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Veniero's	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Headwaters Wilderness is a 22,033-acre (89 km2) wilderness area located within the Nicolet unit of the Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest in northeastern Wisconsin.	Headwaters Wilderness	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaker Kandi (Persian: ذاكركندي‎, also Romanized as Z̄āker Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zaker Kandi	Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rurikovo Gorodische (Russian: Рюриково городище, in Scandinavian sources known as Holmgård) is a settlement, an archaeological site of the 9th century, in Veliky Novgorod, 2 km to the south of the city center, with mouth of the river Volkhov from Lake Ilmen (in front of Yuriev Monastery).	Rurikovo Gorodische	Veliky Novgorod
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tule River, also called Rio de San Pedro or Rio San Pedro, is a river in Tulare County in the U.S. state of California.	Tule River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelnase is a village on Prangli Island in Viimsi Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.	Kelnase	Viimsi Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubowo Pierwsze (duˈbɔvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dubowo Pierwsze	Gmina Suwałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heritage Plaza is a skyscraper located in the Skyline District of downtown Houston, Texas.	Heritage Plaza	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sedanka Island (Aleut: Sidaanax̂) is an island in the Fox Islands group of the eastern Aleutian Islands, Alaska.	Sedanka Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meszki (ˈmɛʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Meszki	Gmina Łosice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laskeh Daraq (Persian: لسكه درق‎; also known as Lankeh Daraq) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Laskeh Daraq	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Case is a small town on the French side of the island of Saint Martin in the Caribbean.	Grand Case	Saint Martin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 145th Street Bridge, located in New York City, is a four-lane swing bridge that crosses the Harlem River, connecting 145th Street and Lenox Avenue in Manhattan with East 149th Street and River Avenue in the Bronx.	145th Street Bridge	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martonoš (Serbian Cyrillic: Мартонош, Hungarian: Martonos, German: Martonosch, Turkish: Martonoş) is a village located in the Kanjiža municipality, in the North Banat District of Serbia.	Martonoš	North Banat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbey Dore is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England, known for Dore Abbey, a 12th-century Cistercian abbey, expanded in the 13th century.	Abbey Dore	Herefordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLKN (98.1 FM, ``Lake 98.1'') is a radio station with an adult contemporary format consisting mainly of music from the 1980s until the current day, serving the lakeshore cities of Sheboygan and Manitowoc/Two Rivers, Wisconsin, along with Manitowoc and Sheboygan Counties in general.	WLKN	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copper Canyon High School is a public high school located in Glendale, Arizona, United States; it is part of the Tolleson Union High School District.	Copper Canyon High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMPL (920 AM, Wimple) is an AM radio station located in Hancock, Michigan which broadcasts a talk radio format during the day and a sports radio format at night.	WMPL	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Voyvodenets is a village in Stambolovo Municipality, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.	Voyvodenets	Stambolovo Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh Parseh Ay (Persian: مزرعه پرسه اي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh Parseh Āy) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 4 families.	Mazraeh Parseh Ay	Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Langbathseen are two mountain lakes (Vorderer Langbathsee and Hinterer Langbathsee) in Upper Austria's part of the Salzkammergut, 8 kilometers (5.0 mi) from Ebensee.	Langbathseen	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górowatki (ɡurɔˈvatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Górowatki	Gmina Więcbork
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vatican Apostolic Library (Latin: Bibliotheca Apostolica Vaticana), more commonly called the Vatican Library or simply the Vat, is the library of the Holy See, located in Vatican City.	Vatican Library	Vatican City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kuparuk River Oil Field, or Kuparuk, located in North Slope Borough, Alaska, United States, is the second largest oil field in North America by area.	Kuparuk River Oil Field	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molehbarik-e Babakan (Persian: مله باريك بابكان‎, also Romanized as Molehbārīk-e Bābakān) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Molehbarik-e Babakan	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmola (Persian: ادملا‎, also Romanized as Edmolā) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Edmola	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Opera House is a 2 1/2 story structure near the western end of the main downtown shopping district of Maysville, Kentucky.	Washington Opera House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Mountain National Park's Alpine Visitor Center is located at 11,796 feet (3,595 m) above sea level at Fall River Pass, about two miles north of the highest point on Trail Ridge Road in the U.S. state of Colorado.	Alpine Visitor Center	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunnerstad is a locality situated on the island of Visingsö in Jönköping Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden, and had 295 inhabitants in 2010.	Tunnerstad	Jönköping Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Fort Church is an historic African-American Methodist church located on Old Baltimore Pike in Christiana, New Castle County, Delaware.	Old Fort Church	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorno Dryanovo is a mountainous village in Garmen Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Gorno Dryanovo	Garmen Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doveridge is a village and Civil parish in Derbyshire, United Kingdom, near the border with Staffordshire and about 2 km (1.2 mi) east of Uttoxeter.	Doveridge	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ryan Premises is a National Historic Site of Canada located in the town of Bonavista, Newfoundland and Labrador.	Ryan Premises	Bonavista, Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawodna (naˈvɔdna) (formerly German Nahausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Nawodna	Gmina Chojna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perry Hall Mansion is a historic structure located in the area to which it gave its name, Perry Hall, Baltimore County, Maryland, United States.	Perry Hall Mansion	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunharrow had been used as a refuge by the Middle Men of the White Mountains during the Second Age -- many millennia before Rohan.	Dunharrow	Rohan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pifeh (Persian: پیفه‎, also Romanized as Pīfeh) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pifeh	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korytniki (kɔrɨtˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasiczyn, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Korytniki	Gmina Krasiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solmel (Persian: سلمل‎) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Solmel	Sakht Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardufoss is an urban area and commercial centre in the municipality of Målselv in Troms county, Norway.	Bardufoss	Målselv
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cypress Falls High School is a secondary school in an unincorporated area of Harris County, Texas, United States.	Cypress Falls High School	Harris County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mathewson Farm is an historic farm on 544 Greenville Avenue in Johnston, Rhode Island.	Mathewson Farm	Johnston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albu Gulak (Persian: البوگولك‎, also Romanized as Ālbū Gūlak; also known as Al Bakūlak) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Albu Gulak	Abshar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudka-Skroda (ˈrutka ˈskrɔda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rudka-Skroda	Gmina Mały Płock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakabad-e Olya (Persian: لك ابادعليا‎, also Romanized as Lakābād-e ``Olyā; also known as Lakābād) is a village in Chahriq Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 97, in 14 families.	Lakabad-e Olya	Chahriq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pattan(Urdu;پٹن )is a town and a municipal committee in Baramulla district , in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.	Pattan	Baramulla district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hojjaratabad (Persian: هجرت اباد‎, also Romanized as Hojjaratābād) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District, Chenarud District, Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hojjaratabad	Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keith Hills Country Club is a residential golf course community located in Buies Creek, North Carolina and maintained by Campbell University.	Keith Hills Country Club	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Otok (ˈstarɨ ˈɔtɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława, in Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Stary Otok	Gmina Oława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szopowo (ʂɔˈpɔvɔ) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szopowo	Gmina Kwidzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghasha va Shiryul (Persian: غشاشيرويل‎, also Romanized as Ghashā va Shīryūl) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghasha va Shiryul	Chenaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Island Water Park is a water park located in Waterloo, Iowa.	Lost Island Water Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zacherlhaus is a residential and business building designed by Jože Plečnik and built between 1903 and 1905 in the 1st district of Vienna, the Innere Stadt (at Brandstätte 6/Wildpretmarkt 2-4/Bauernmarkt 2).	Zacherlhaus	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barholm Castle is a tower house located five miles south-west of Gatehouse of Fleet, in Dumfries and Galloway, southwest Scotland.	Barholm Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelan National Forest was established in Washington by the U.S. Forest Service on July 1, 1908 with 2,492,500 acres (10,087 km2) from a portion of Washington National Forest.	Chelan National Forest	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vlachovo Březí (German: Wällisch Birken, Wällischbirken) is a small city in the Prachatice District.	Vlachovo Březí	Prachatice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duck Mountain Provincial Park is a Saskatchewan Provincial Park, located 14 km east of the town of Kamsack and stretches some 12 kilometres eastward to the Saskatchewan/Manitoba boundary.	Duck Mountain Provincial Park	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	CIPR-FM is a tourist information radio station that operates at 97.3 FM at the Pigeon River Bridge, Ontario, Canada.	CIPR-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Shahu (Persian: باغ شهو‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Shāhū) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bagh Shahu	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cibory-Marki (t͡ɕiˈbɔrɨ ˈmarki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Cibory-Marki	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacob Isett House and Store, also known as Arch Spring Farm, is a historic home and store building located at Arch Spring, Blair County, Pennsylvania.	Jacob Isett House and Store	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang-e Hasadi (Persian: سنگ حسادي‎, also Romanized as Sang-e Ḩasādī) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sang-e Hasadi	Nargesan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weehawken Public Library is the free public library of Weehawken, New Jersey.	Weehawken Public Library	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pattanagere is a town and a city municipal council in Bangalore district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Pattanagere	Bangalore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queets Glacier is located in the Olympic Mountains in Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington.	Queets Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Salkuyeh (Persian: پايين سالكويه‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Sālkūyeh; also known as Sālkūyeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Daryasar Rural District, Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Salkuyeh	Daryasar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janowiec-Leśniki (jaˈnɔvjɛt͡s lɛɕˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Janowiec-Leśniki	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roseland University Prep is a college preparatory high school located in Santa Rosa, California, USA.	Roseland University Prep	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District (Persian: دهستان سرآسياب فرسنگي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leibsch is a locality (ortsteil) in the municipality (gemeinde) of Unterspreewald in the German state (land) of Brandenburg.	Leibsch	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Psychopathic Hospital was the first mental health hospital in Massachusetts, USA.	Boston Psychopathic Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1975, the day the new Louisiana Superdome was opened, Tulane Stadium was condemned.	Tulane Stadium	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanpu Railway Station (error referred as Sanbao Railway Station) is a station of Jingbao Railway in Beijing.	Sanbao Railway Station	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberdeen Promenade (Chinese: 香港仔海濱公園) is a small urban waterfront park in Aberdeen, Hong Kong.	Aberdeen Promenade	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oscar Hammerstein II Farm, also known as the Highland Farm, is a historic home and farm in Doylestown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Oscar Hammerstein II Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kisom Rural District (Persian: دهستان كيسم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kisom Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrowiec-Osada (ɔsˈtrɔvjɛt͡s ɔˈsada) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Ostrowiec-Osada	Gmina Dobiegniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liushahe Town (simplified Chinese: 流沙河镇; traditional Chinese: 流沙河鎮; pinyin: Liúshāhé Zhèn) is an urban town in Ningxiang County, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China.	Liushahe	Ningxiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Kings Peak is the second highest peak in the U.S. state of Utah, with an elevation of 13,504 feet (4,116 m).	South Kings Peak	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barren Lands First Nation is a First Nation located on the north shore of Reindeer Lake in northern Manitoba close to the Saskatchewan border.	Barren Lands First Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Machowinko (maxɔˈvinkɔ) (German: Klein Machmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Machowinko	Gmina Ustka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellerive Country Club is a golf country club located in Town and Country, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri.	Bellerive Country Club	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavalur is a village in the Jawadhu Hills in Vaniyambadi taluk of Vellore district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kavalur	Vellore district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haiger station serves the town of Haiger in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis of the German state of Hesse.	Haiger station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunday River Golf Club is an 18-hole, semi-private golf club located in the Town of Newry, in Oxford County, in the Western mountains of Maine.	Sunday River Golf Club	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aminjikarai (originally Amaindhakarai) is one of the oldest localities in Chennai.	Aminjikarai	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menard Correctional Center, known prior to 1970 as Southern Illinois Penitentiary, is located in the town of Chester in Randolph County, Illinois, 50 miles southeast of St. Louis.	Menard Correctional Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirzad (Persian: شيرزاد‎, also Romanized as Shīrzād) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shirzad	Tolbozan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górki Pierwsze (ˈɡurki ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Górki Pierwsze	Gmina Gostynin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Don Coleman Coliseum is an indoor arena operated by the Spring Branch Independent School District and located in Houston, Texas, United States.	Don Coleman Coliseum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anahuac National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) is a wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas (USA), west of the town of High Island, Texas.	Anahuac National Wildlife Refuge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Harbour Island is an island in Ontario, Canada, located in Lake Erie.	North Harbour Island	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prasneta (prasˈnɛta) (German: Hütte) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Prasneta	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miodne-Leśniczówka (ˈmjɔdnɛ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Miodne-Leśniczówka	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziegietnia (d͡ʑɛˈɡʲɛtɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dziegietnia	Gmina Sokołów Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn Farm of the Trustees of the New Castle Common also known as Penn Farm and Farm No. 7, is a historic farm complex located near New Castle, New Castle County, Delaware.	Penn Farm of the Trustees of the New Castle Common	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świerklany Górne (ɕfjɛrˈklanɨ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerklany, within Rybnik County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Świerklany Górne	Gmina Świerklany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malard County (Persian: شهرستان ملارد‎) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran.	Malard County	Tehran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halpahi (Persian: هلپه اي‎, also Romanized as Halpah’ī, Halpehī, and Helpeh’ī; also known as Halpi, Helpeh, and Helpī) is a village in Zirrah Rural District, Sadabad District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Halpahi	Zirrah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrska-Kolonia (ˈdɔbrska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dobrska-Kolonia	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piscataway Township Schools are a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Piscataway Township, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.	Piscataway Township Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	De La Fratta or Cesta is one of three peaks which overlook the city of San Marino, the capital of San Marino.	De La Fratta	San Marino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Madison Square North Historic District is in Manhattan, New York City, and was created on June 26, 2001 by the city's Landmarks Preservation Commission.	Madison Square North Historic District	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Jeolla Province or Jeollabuk-do (전라북도; 全羅北道; Jeollabuk-do) is a province in the southwest of South Korea.	North Jeolla Province	South Korea
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tunduru Gardens is public park and garden in downtown Maputo, Mozambique.	Tunduru Gardens	Maputo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Voșlăbeni (also Voșlobeni; Hungarian: Vasláb, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈvɒʃlaːb)) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania composed of two villages:	Voșlăbeni	Harghita County
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWAM (990 AM) 'The New Voice of Memphis' is a radio station licensed to Memphis, Tennessee, USA, the station is currently owned by Legacy Media.	KWAM	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalechowy (dalɛˈxɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Dalechowy	Gmina Imielno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo Donà della Madoneta is a Gothic-style palace located on the Canal Grande of Venice, between Casa Sicher and Palazzo Donà a Sant'Aponal in the Sestiere of San Polo, Venice, Italy.	Palazzo Donà della Madoneta	Venice	San Polo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubrze (ˈlubʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lubrze	Gmina Krzykosy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Barbara Municipal Airport (IATA: SBA, ICAO: KSBA, FAA LID: SBA) is a public airport 7 miles (11 km) west of downtown Santa Barbara, California, United States.	Santa Barbara Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Röthenbach (Allgäu) is a municipality in the administrative region of Swabia Lindau district and seat of the municipal association Röthenbach.	Röthenbach (Allgäu)	Lindau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton Bays High School is a public high school located in Hampton Bays, a hamlet in the Town of Southampton in Suffolk County, New York, U.S.A., and is the only high school operated by Hampton Bays Public Schools.	Hampton Bays High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Day Mamaq (Persian: دايممق‎, also Romanized as Dāy Mamaq and Dāymamaq; also known as Dā’ī Māmā, Daymana, and Dāymaq) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Day Mamaq	Bakrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smogorzów Wielki (smɔˈɡɔʐuf ˈvjɛlki) (German: Groß Schmograu) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Smogorzów Wielki	Gmina Wińsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Źlinice (ʑliˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prószków, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Źlinice	Gmina Prószków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art (SECCA) is a multimedia contemporary art gallery in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art	Winston-Salem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pankhurst Centre, 60-62 Nelson Street, Manchester, is a pair of Victorian villas, of which No. 62 was the home of Emmeline Pankhurst and her daughters Sylvia, Christabel and Adela and the birthplace of the suffragette movement.	Pankhurst Centre	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berezhok (Ukrainian: Бережок, Polish: Bereżek) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Berezhok	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union Watersphere, also known as the Union Water Tower, is a water tower topped with a sphere-shaped water tank in Union, New Jersey, United States and characterized as the World's Tallest Water Sphere.	Union Watersphere	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashghaleh Zar (Persian: مشغله زار‎, also Romanized as Mashghaleh Zār) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Mashghaleh Zar	Sakhvid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barreiras is a city located in the west of the state of Bahia, Brazil.	Barreiras	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merbein South is a locality in Victoria, Australia, located approximately 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) from Mildura.	Merbein South	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelly & Walsh was a notable Shanghai-based publisher of English language books, founded in 1876, which currently exists as a small chain of shops in Hong Kong specializing in art books.	Kelly & Walsh	Shanghai	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aluni (Persian: آلونی‎‎, also Romanized as Ālūnī) is a city in and the capital of Khanmirza District, in Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Aluni	Khanmirza District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dingwu (Chinese: 丁坞镇) is a town in Laoling, Dezhou, in northwestern Shandong province, China.	Dingwu	Laoling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmianak (Persian: گرميانك‎, also Romanized as Garmīānak and Garmeyānak; also known as Garmīāneh, Qal``a Garmianeh, and Qal``eh Garmiānek) is a village in Shizar Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 287, in 69 families.	Garmianak	Shizar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mongar Gewog (Dzongkha: མོང་སྒར་) is a gewog (village block) of Mongar District, Bhutan.	Mongar Gewog	Mongar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKesson Plaza is a 38-story, 161 m (528 ft) office skyscraper at 1 Post Street and Market Street in the financial district of San Francisco, California.	McKesson Plaza	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue Laffitte is a street in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, located near the Metro stations Richelieu - Drouot and Notre-Dame-de-Lorette.	Rue Laffitte	9th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bustanak (Persian: بوستانك‎, also Romanized as Būstānak; also known as Boostanak Andika and Būstānak-e Andīkā) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bustanak	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suchy Bór (ˈsuxɨ ˈbur) (German: Derschau)is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrząstowice, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Suchy Bór	Gmina Chrząstowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasemabad-e Eskander Beyk (Persian: قاسم اباداسكندربيك‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Esḵander Beyḵ; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qasemabad-e Eskander Beyk	Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	In-Gall (var. In Gall, I-n-Gall, In-Gal, Ingal, Ingall) is a town in the Agadez Region, Tchirozerine Department of northeast Niger, with a year-round population of less than 500.	In-Gall	Tchirozerine Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porlezza is a comune (municipality) on Lake Lugano in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Milan and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of Como.	Porlezza	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyess Air Force Base (AFB) (IATA: DYS, ICAO: KDYS, FAA LID: DYS) is a United States Air Force base located approximately 7 miles (11 km) southwest of Abilene, Texas.	Dyess Air Force Base	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahbar (Persian: مهبار‎, also Romanized as Mahbār) is a village in Sangestan Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Mahbar	Sangestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tseung Kwan O Chinese Permanent Cemetery (將軍澳華人永遠墳場), sometimes referred to as Junk Bay Chinese Permanent Cemetery is a cemetery in Tiu Keng Leng, Hong Kong.	Tseung Kwan O Chinese Permanent Cemetery	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Texada/Gillies Bay Airport (IATA: YGB, ICAO: CYGB) is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northwest of Gillies Bay, Texada Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Texada/Gillies Bay Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sowilam (Persian: سويلم‎, also Romanized as Sowīlam) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sowilam	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mattawan High School is the name of the high school that serves the village of Mattawan, Michigan.	Mattawan High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shiman-e Zir Ab (Persian: شيمن زيراب‎, also Romanized as Shīman-e Zīr Āb; also known as Zīr Āb) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shiman-e Zir Ab	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baleyran (Persian: بليران‎, also Romanized as Baleyrān) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Baleyran	Dasht-e Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prestonfield House is a five-star boutique hotel located in Prestonfield, Edinburgh.	Prestonfield House	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quilleco (literally means ``water of tears'') is a Chilean town and commune located in the Bío Bío Province, Bío Bío Region.	Quilleco	Bío Bío Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hancock-Greenfield Bridge is a historic covered bridge carrying Forest Road over the Contoocook River at the town line between Hancock and Greenfield, New Hampshire.	Hancock-Greenfield Bridge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stateline Wind Farm is a wind farm located on Vansycle Ridge, which receives 16 to 18 mph (26 -- 29 km/h) average wind speeds from the Columbia Gorge, on the border between Washington and Oregon in the United States.	Stateline Wind Farm	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Sandy Airport (FAA LID: 3U8) is a public use airport in Chouteau County, Montana, United States.	Big Sandy Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smuniew (ˈsmuɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Smuniew	Gmina Repki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azarsi-ye Hajji Baba (Persian: ازارسي حاجي بابا‎, also Romanized as Āzārsī-ye Ḩājjī Bābā) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azarsi-ye Hajji Baba	Deraz Kola Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menorah Medical Center is an acute care hospital located in Overland Park, Kansas at 5721 West 119th Street.	Menorah Medical Center	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Säynätsalo is a former municipality in Finland and a part of Jyväskylä.	Säynätsalo	Jyväskylä
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horhoreh (Persian: هرهره‎) is a village in Kamal Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Horhoreh	Kamal Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehmandust-e Sofla (Persian: مهماندوست سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mehmāndūst-e Soflá; also known as Mehmāndūst, Mehmāndūst-e Pā’īn, and Mīhmāndūst-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mehmandust-e Sofla	Mehmandust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockbeare is a village and civil parish in the East Devon district of the county of Devon, England, located near Exeter Airport and the city of Exeter.	Rockbeare	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarshiv Rural District (Persian: دهستان سرشيو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sarshiv Rural District	Sarshiv District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi (Persian: هاواركندي قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Hāvār Kandī Qeshlāqī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Havar Kandi Qeshlaqi	Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	China Art Objects Galleries is a contemporary art gallery in Los Angeles, instrumental to the recent history of art in Los Angeles.	China Art Objects Galleries	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fountain Street Church in Grand Rapids, Michigan, was for a time unique in the United States as being large, religiously liberal and non-denominational in a notably conservative city.	Fountain Street Church	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kunia Regional SIGINT Operations Center (KRSOC, also pronounced ``KR-Sock''), also known as the Kunia Tunnel or the Regional Signals Intelligence Operations Center Kunia, was a United States National Security Agency facility that was located on Kunia Road between Kunia Camp and Wheeler Army Airfield in central Oahu, Hawaii.	Kunia Regional SIGINT Operations Center	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koniewo-Osada (kɔˈɲevɔ ɔˈsada) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Koniewo-Osada	Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTCG (870 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Mount Holly, North Carolina, USA.	WTCG	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunset Island is a three-acre island on Lake Champlain, located just west of the Greater Mallets Bay, Colchester, Vermont, United States.	Sunset Island	Colchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glas Pass is connected from Thusis on the east side, via Tschappina.	Glas Pass	Tschappina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torbothie is a small area in the town of Shotts, North Lanarkshire.	Torbothie	North Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rembiesznica (rɛmbjɛʂˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójno, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rembiesznica	Gmina Zbójno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuqiang Subdistrict (Chinese: 裕强街道) is a township-level division of Yuhua District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Yuqiang Subdistrict	Yuhua District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiushan Tujia and Miao Autonomous County, or Xiushan County for short(秀山土家族苗族自治县 Pinyin: XiùShān Tǔjiāzú Miáozú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in southeastern Chongqing Municipality, China.	Xiushan Tujia and Miao Autonomous County	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saping is a village development committee in Kabhrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Saping	Bagmati Zone	Nepal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nietków (ˈɲetkuf) (German: Polnisch Nettkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwieńsk, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Nietków	Gmina Czerwieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciudad Deportiva de Lanzarote (literally Sports City of Lanzarote) is a sports ground in Arrecife, the capital of Lanzarote in the Canary Islands.	Ciudad Deportiva de Lanzarote	Arrecife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kermejegan (Persian: كرمجگان‎, also Romanized as Kermejegān, Karmajegān, and Kermejgān; also known as Garmachegān, Harmajehgān, and Karamjakan) is a village in Kahak Rural District, Kahak District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Kermejegan	Kahak District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The NBC Tower is an office tower on the Near North Side of Chicago, Illinois, United States located at 454 North Columbus Drive (455 North Cityfront Plaza is also used as a vanity address for the building) in downtown Chicago's Magnificent Mile area.	NBC Tower	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strathcona Regional District is a regional district in British Columbia, Canada.	Strathcona Regional District	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otisco Lake is the easternmost of New York's eleven Finger Lakes.	Otisco Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	War Horse National Wildlife Refuge, located in the center of the U.S. state of Montana, is divided into three separate sections, with each centered on a small body of water.	War Horse National Wildlife Refuge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philadelphia Country Club is a private country club located in Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County.	Philadelphia Country Club	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navestock is a civil parish in the Borough of Brentwood in south Essex, in the East of England region of the United Kingdom.	Navestock	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwest Angle 33 First Nation is an Ojibwe or Ontario Saulteaux First Nation band government who reside in Kenora District, Ontario near Sioux Narrows of Lake of the Woods.	Northwest Angle 33 First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capo Vaticano is a wide bathing place in the Municipality of Ricadi in Calabria, Italy.	Capo Vaticano	Ricadi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budne-Żarnowo (ˈbudnɛ ʐarˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Budne-Żarnowo	Gmina Goniądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meresht (Persian: مرشت‎‎; also known as Mīresh and Mirish) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kiwi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Meresht	Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Koko Crater Botanical Garden (60 acres) is a botanical garden located within the Koko Crater (Koko Head) on the eastern end of Oahu, Hawaii.	Koko Crater Botanical Garden	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Ockendon is a settlement and Church of England parish in the Thurrock borough and unitary district in Essex in the East of England, United Kingdom.	South Ockendon	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Maffra was a local government area about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-northwest of Sale, the major regional centre in central Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Maffra	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Rock State Park is a state park of Arizona, USA, featuring a red sandstone canyon outside the city of Sedona.	Red Rock State Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Champawat district is a district of Uttarakhand state in northern India.	Champawat district	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kössen is a municipality in the Kitzbühel district in the Austrian state of Tyrol located 24 km north of Kitzbühel as well as 15.50 km north of Sankt Johann in Tirol at the Kitzbühler Ache near the border to Germany.	Kössen	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filkhaneh (Persian: فيلخانه‎, also Romanized as Fīlkhāneh; also known as Polkhāneh) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Filkhaneh	Fazl Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Macdonell Catholic High School is a Catholic high school located in the south end of Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	Bishop Macdonell Catholic High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ticonderoga Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 4B6) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of Ticonderoga, a hamlet in the Town of Ticonderoga, Essex County, New York, United States.	Ticonderoga Municipal Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dugave is an urban settlement of the Croatian capital of Zagreb, within Novi Zagreb -- istok District.	Dugave	Novi Zagreb -- istok
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warren, Brookfield and Spencer Street Railway is a former Massachusetts streetcar company that ran between Warren, and Spencer, Massachusetts, and passing through West Brookfield, Brookfield, and East Brookfield.	Warren, Brookfield and Spencer Street Railway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yakshub (Persian: يكشوب‎, also Romanized as Yakshūb) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Yakshub	Deraz Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hagerstown City Park is a public urban park just southwest of the central business district of Hagerstown, Maryland, United States.	Hagerstown City Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Trees is a historic home and national historic district located at Cazenovia in Madison County, New York.	Old Trees	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wicimiczki (vit͡ɕiˈmit͡ʂki) (German: Neu Witzmitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wicimiczki	Gmina Płoty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łękinia (wɛnˈkiɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koczała, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łękinia	Gmina Koczała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burbank Western Channel (also known as Burbank Western Wash) is a 6.3-mile-long (10.1 km) tributary of the Los Angeles River in the eastern San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles County, California.	Burbank Western Channel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wakonda State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Missouri consisting of 1,053.87 acres (4.3 km2) near La Grange in Lewis County.	Wakonda State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban On (Thai: บ้านอ้อน) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ngao District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 5049 people.	Ban On	Ngao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byal izvor (Bulgarian: Бял извор) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Byal izvor	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laquipampa Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in the Ferreñafe Province, Lambayeque Region, Peru.	Laquipampa Wildlife Refuge	Lambayeque Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzch (vjɛʂx), German Deutsch Müllmen is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek (Gemeinde Oberglogau), within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Wierzch	Gmina Głogówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McKittrick Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in western Kern County, California.	McKittrick Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svenska Mission Kyrka I Sodre Maple Ridge (Swedish Mission Church of South Maple Ridge) is a historic church in Braham, Minnesota.	Svenska Mission Kyrka I Sodre Maple Ridge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obrestad Lighthouse (Norwegian: Obrestad fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located at Obrestad in Hå, Norway.	Obrestad Lighthouse	Hå
located in the administrative territorial entity	All-High Stadium (Robert E. Rich All-High Stadium) is a football stadium in Buffalo, New York.	All-High Stadium	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Van Riper House in Nutley, New Jersey is a Bergen Dutch sandstone house built in 1708.The building was for a time was owned by ITT Corporation and served as executives' residence and offices.	Van Riper House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goleta Slough is an area of estuary, tidal creeks, tidal marsh, and wetlands near Goleta, California, USA.	Goleta Slough	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ballardvale District in Andover, Massachusetts, encompasses the historic mill village of Ballardvale in the northwestern part of the town.	Ballardvale District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisewo Malborskie (liˈsɛvɔ malˈbɔrskʲɛ) (German: Liessau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lisewo Malborskie	Gmina Lichnowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trautenfels Castle (German: Schloss Trautenfels) is a palace located in the district of Liezen in Styria.	Trautenfels Castle	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lock and Dam No. 12 is a lock and dam located on the Upper Mississippi River at Bellevue, Iowa, United States.	Lock and Dam No. 12	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pincolini Hotel, at 214 Lake St. in Reno, Nevada was a historic hotel that was built in 1922 and expanded in 1925 and 1930.	Pincolini Hotel	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	In the ancient city of Rome, the Argiletum was the main route approaching the Forum Romanum from the northeast.	Argiletum	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lynch Glacier lies to the north and northwest of Mount Daniel, in the U.S. state of Washington.	Lynch Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roanoke Star, also known as the Mill Mountain Star, is the world's largest freestanding illuminated man-made star, constructed in 1949 at the top of Mill Mountain in Roanoke, Virginia.	Roanoke Star	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United Nations Memorial Cemetery (UNMCK; Hangul: 재한유엔기념공원; RR: jae hahn UN ki nyum gong won), located at Tanggok in the Nam District, City of Busan, Republic of Korea, is a burial ground for United Nations Command (UNC) casualties of the Korean War.	United Nations Memorial Cemetery	Busan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nerkuppai (Tamil: நெற்குப்பை) is a panchayat town in Sivaganga district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Nerkuppai	Sivaganga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Point Energy Center (IPEC) is a three-unit nuclear power plant station located in Buchanan, New York just south of Peekskill.	Indian Point Energy Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zirl Parish Church (German: Pfarrkirche Zirl), also known as the Holy Cross Parish Church, is the largest place of worship in Zirl, a community in Tyrol, Austria.	Zirl Parish Church	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aberdeen Cultural Centre is an Acadian cultural cooperative containing multiple studios and galleries and is located on Botsford Street in Moncton, New Brunswick.	Aberdeen Cultural Centre	Moncton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Kilpatrick (Scots: Auld Kilpaitrick, Scottish Gaelic: Cille Phàdraig meaning ``Patrick's church''), is a village in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland.	Old Kilpatrick	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kendrew is a small settlement in Camdeboo Local Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Kendrew	Camdeboo Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moorten Botanical Garden and Cactarium is a 1-acre (4,000 m²) family-owned botanical garden specializing in cacti and other desert plants, located at 1701 South Palm Canyon Drive, Palm Springs, Riverside County, California, United States.	Moorten Botanical Garden and Cactarium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brundish is a village and civil parish in English county of Suffolk.	Brundish	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temple Place Historic District is a national historic district at 11-55, 26-58 Temple Place in Boston, Massachusetts.	Temple Place Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczepkowo-Iwany (ʂt͡ʂɛpˈkɔvɔ iˈvanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szczepkowo-Iwany	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duffer Peak is the highest mountain in the Pine Forest Range of northwestern Humboldt County, Nevada, United States.	Duffer Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Cheshmeh (Persian: درچشمه‎) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar Cheshmeh	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opichén Municipality (Yucatec Maya: ``inside the cave or the well'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (268.25 km2) of land and is located roughly 75 kilometres (47 mi) south of the city of Mérida.	Opichén Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Combined Arms Research Library (CARL) at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas is a United States Army library which supports the United States Army Command and General Staff College.	Combined Arms Research Library	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Khodaverdi (Persian: پيرخداوردي‎, also Romanized as Pīr Khodāverdī; also known as Pileh Shāhvardī, Pīr-e Shāhverdī, and Pīr Shāhverdī) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Pir Khodaverdi	Kuh Sardeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stawley is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 10 miles (16.1 km) west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Stawley	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kurt-Wabbel-Stadion was a multi-purpose stadium in Halle (Saale), Germany.	Kurt-Wabbel-Stadion	Halle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Comet Lodge Cemetery on Beacon Hill in Seattle, Washington is situated just east of Interstate 5 on the hill's western slope, on S. Graham Street between 21st and 23rd Avenues S. The cemetery was established in the 1800s as the sacred burial grounds for the Duwamish Nation.	Comet Lodge Cemetery	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutztown Airport (FAA LID: N31) is a closed, public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) south of the central business district of Kutztown, a borough in Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Kutztown Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Houston is a port in Houston, Texas, the fourth-largest city in the United States.	Port of Houston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vijay Stambha (``Kirttistambha'') is an imposing victory monument located in Chittorgarh fort in Chittorgarh, Rajasthan, India.	Vijay Stambha	Chittorgarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palo Alto University (PAU) is a non-profit, private educational institution in Palo Alto, California, United States.	Palo Alto University	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baunei is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Ogliastra in the Italian island of Sardinia.	Baunei	Province of Ogliastra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podgać (ˈpɔdɡat͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabrodzie, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podgać	Gmina Zabrodzie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boruzheh-ye Kohneh (Persian: بروژه كهنه‎, also Romanized as Borūzheh-ye Kohneh, Beroozheh Kohneh, and Borūzheh Kohneh; also known as Bardjakand) is a village in Shuy Rural District, in the Central District of Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Boruzheh-ye Kohneh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Memphis Defense Depot was a former United States Army supply depot located in Memphis, Tennessee.	Memphis Defense Depot	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nan Jeon University of Science and Technology (NJU; Chinese: 南榮科技大學) is a private university in Yanshui District, Tainan, Taiwan.	Nan Jeon University of Science and Technology	Yanshui District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Poshteh Sar (Persian: برپشته سر‎) is a village in Malfejan Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bar Poshteh Sar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boise Centre is Idaho's largest convention center and is located in downtown Boise with restaurants, shops, hotels and nightlife within walking distance.	Boise Centre	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheriff Stadium (or Glavnaya Arena of Complexul Sheriif) is home to Sheriff Tiraspol, a football team based in Tiraspol, capital of Transnistria, and owned by the local Sheriff corporation.	Sheriff Stadium	Tiraspol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karlsbrunn is a German village, part of the municipality of Großrosseln, situated in the district of Saarbrücken, part of the federal state of Saarland.	Karlsbrunn	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	General James A. Van Fleet State Trail is a rail trail in Florida, named after General James A. Van Fleet, who was a distinguished combat commander in both World Wars and the Korean War.	General James A. Van Fleet State Trail	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Pere Pescador is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà, Girona, Catalonia, Spain, is a small town in the Bay of Roses on the river Fluvià, on the coastline of the Costa Brava.	Sant Pere Pescador	Alt Empordà
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1564 (FM 1564) is a farm to market road located south of Greenville in unincorporated Hunt County, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1564	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rae Lakes is a series of lakes in the Sierra Nevada, located in Kings Canyon National Park, eastern Fresno County, California.	Rae Lakes	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sheraton Gunter Hotel is a historic hotel in Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA built in 1909 and designed by St. Louis architect John Mauran.	Gunter Hotel	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Älvsbyn Municipality (Swedish: Älvsbyns kommun) is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden.	Älvsbyn Municipality	Norrbotten County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silverthread Falls is a waterfall located in Dingmans Ferry in Delaware Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania, United States, near Dingmans Falls.	Silverthread Falls	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamilkala (Russian: Шамилькала) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Untsukulsky District of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia.	Shamilkala	Untsukulsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chémora (also written Chemoura) is a village in the commune of Sidi Amrane, in Djamaâ District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	Chémora	Djamaâ District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hermitage Road Historic District (HRHD) is a Northside neighborhood in the independent city of Richmond, Virginia.	Hermitage Road Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talang Rural District (Persian: دهستان تلنگ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Talang Rural District	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wable-Augustine Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located near Addison in Addison Township in Somerset County, Pennsylvania.	Wable-Augustine Tavern	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Chynowska (ˈvɔla xɨˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Chynowska	Gmina Chynów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rinch Mahalleh (Persian: رينچ محله‎, also Romanized as Rīnch Maḩalleh) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rinch Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palm Valley School is a private, college-preparatory school located in Rancho Mirage, California.	Palm Valley School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostaszewo-Włuski (ɔstaˈʂɛvɔ ˈvwuski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ostaszewo-Włuski	Gmina Gzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strathcona High School, or Scona as students and staff refer to it, is a public high school located in Edmonton, Alberta.	Strathcona High School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	4 KLM is a small village in Gharsana tehsil of Sri Ganganagar district, Rajasthan, India.	4 KLM	Sri Ganganagar district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Lowndes Yancey Law Office is located at the corner of Washington and Perry Streets in Montgomery, Alabama.	William Lowndes Yancey Law Office	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alaqeband (Persian: علاقه بند‎, also Romanized as ``Alāqeband) is a village in Baraghan Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 42, in 16 families.	Alaqeband	Baraghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada that demarcate the Las Vegas Watershed from the Lake Mead Watershed.	River Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zwinderen is a village in the Netherlands and it is part of the Coevorden municipality in Drenthe, about 8.7 km from the city Coevorden.	Zwinderen	Coevorden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emerald Bay State Park is a state park of California, USA, preserving Lake Tahoe's Emerald Bay, a National Natural Landmark.	Emerald Bay State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stafford Village Four Corners Historic District is located at the junction of New York state routes 5 and 237 in Stafford, New York, United States.	Stafford Village Four Corners Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westruther is a village on the B6468, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, on the lower slopes of the Lammermuir Hills, in the former Berwickshire.	Westruther	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domiarki (dɔˈmjarki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwanowice, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Domiarki	Gmina Iwanowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braaid is a Hamlet in the parish of Marown on the Isle of Man.	Braaid	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dolmen de Viera or Dolmen de los Hermanos Viera is a dolmen--a type of single-chamber megalithic tomb--located in Antequera, province of Málaga, Andalusia, Spain.	Dolmen de Viera	Spain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dęby Wolskie-Kolonia (ˈdɛmbɨ ˈvɔlskʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dęby Wolskie-Kolonia	Gmina Rusiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Grove Furnace State Park is a protected Pennsylvania area that includes Laurel and Fuller Lakes in Cooke Township of Cumberland County.	Pine Grove Furnace State Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Strącze (ˈnɔvɛ ˈstrɔnt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Nowe Strącze	Gmina Sława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naruszczki (naˈruʂt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Naruszczki	Gmina Miastkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inverurie railway station is a railway station serving the town of Inverurie, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Inverurie railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCIM (1380 AM, ``1380 KCIM'') is a radio station based in Carroll, Iowa.	KCIM	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xihe County (Chinese: 西和县; Pinyin: Xīhé Xiàn) is a county under charge of Longnan City, Gansu Province of China.	Xihe County	Longnan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McConahay Building in Kansas City, Missouri is a two-story Tapestry Brick building designed by prominent Kansas City architect Nelle E. Peters in 1922.	McConahay Building	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urho District (Chinese: 乌尔禾区; pinyin: Wū'ěrhé Qū; Uyghur: ئورقۇ رايونى‎, ULY: Orqu Rayoni, UYY: Ork̡u Rayoni?) is a district within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administrative jurisdiction of the Karamay City.	Urho District	Karamay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sir John A. Macdonald Building is a former bank building in Ottawa now owned by the federal government of Canada.	Sir John A. Macdonald Building	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alloway Auld Kirk, which dates back to the 16th Century, is a ruin in Alloway, South Ayrshire, Scotland (grid reference NS33191805), celebrated as the scene of the witches' dance in the poem Tam o' Shanter by Robert Burns.	Alloway Auld Kirk	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Księginice Wielkie (kɕɛnɡiˈnit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Großkniegnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Księginice Wielkie	Gmina Kondratowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	At 1221 Anderson Road, Davis, California lies Cesar Chavez Elementary School.	Cesar Chavez Elementary School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niucheng Township (Chinese: 牛城乡) is a township-level division of Lingshou County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Niucheng Township	Lingshou County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goodspeed Musicals is a non-profit organization dedicated to the preservation and advancement of musical theater and the creation of new works, located in East Haddam, Connecticut.	Goodspeed Musicals	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Comancheria or Nʉmʉnʉʉ Sookobitʉ (``Comanche Earth'') in Comanche (Nʉmʉ Tekwapʉ) is the name commonly given to the region of New Mexico, west Texas and nearby areas occupied by the Comanche before the 1860s.	Comancheria	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Otley and Ilkley Joint Railway was a railway line running between the towns of Otley and Ilkley in West Yorkshire.	Otley and Ilkley Joint Railway	West Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mürren station is the terminus of the Bergbahn Lauterbrunnen-Mürren, which consists of a aerial tramway and connecting narrow gauge railway, and connects Mürren to Lauterbrunnen.	Mürren	Lauterbrunnen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maple Heights High School is a public high school located in Maple Heights, Ohio, southeast of Cleveland, Ohio.	Maple Heights High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnowola (tarnɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Tarnowola	Gmina Józefów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heinrichshöhe lies in the Harz National Park about 3.2 kilometres north-northwest of the village of Schierke in the southwestern part of the borough of Wernigerode.	Heinrichshöhe	Schierke
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senisławice (sɛniswaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Senisławice	Gmina Opatowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhtiaruyeh (Persian: بختيارويه‎, also Romanized as Bakhtīārūyeh; also known as Bakhteyār, Bakhteyārū, and Bakhtīārī) is a village in Banaruiyeh Rural District, Banaruiyeh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bakhtiaruyeh	Banaruiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Mountain, California, is a modern-day ghost town, in the Colorado Desert, in Riverside County founded in 1948 by noted industrialist Henry J. Kaiser.	Eagle Mountain, California	Riverside County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rand Building is a skyscraper and the third tallest building in Buffalo, New York.	Rand Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pruszki Wielkie (ˈpruʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pruszki Wielkie	Gmina Rutki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llandegla or Llandegla-yn-Iâl is a village and community in the county of Denbighshire in Wales.	Llandegla	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lefty O'Doul Bridge (also known as the Third Street Bridge or China Basin Bridge) is a drawbridge which connects the China Basin and Mission Bay neighborhoods of San Francisco, carrying Third Street across the Mission Creek Channel.	Lefty O'Doul Bridge	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRNM (91.7 FM) is a radio station licensed Ellsworth, Maine, USA.	WRNM	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neyduleh-ye Sofla (Persian: نيدوله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Neydūleh-ye Soflá; also known as Neydūleh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Neyduleh-ye Sofla	Bijnavand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiślany (viˈɕlanɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wiślany	Gmina Parchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hargazi (Persian: هارگزي‎, also Romanized as Hārgazī) is a village in Hati Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hargazi	Hati Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limestone High School is a former high school in the town of Limestone, Maine.	Limestone High School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho del Cielo, also named Sky's Ranch or Heaven's Ranch, is a 688-acre (1.075 sq mi) ranch located atop the Santa Ynez Mountain range northwest of Santa Barbara, California.	Rancho del Cielo	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annandale and Eskdale is a committee area in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Annandale and Eskdale	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rhythm Club fire (or The Natchez Dance Hall Holocaust) was a fire in Natchez, Mississippi, United States on the night of April 23, 1940 that killed 209 people and severely injured many others.	Rhythm Club fire	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center (ERDCC) is a 2,684-bed prison located in a detached eastern section of Bonne Terre, Missouri.	Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haus des Rundfunks (``House of Broadcasting''), located in the Westend district of Berlin, Germany, is the oldest self-contained broadcasting house in the world.	Haus des Rundfunks	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierra College, a California community college, has its main campus located in Rocklin, California.	Sierra College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nature Park Berg en Bos is a nature reserve of 250 hectares in the Apeldoorn village Berg en Bos.	Park Berg en Bos	Apeldoorn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaziny (kaˈʑinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kaziny	Gmina Wodzisław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bluebird Gap Farm is a public city park and petting zoo located in Hampton, Virginia, at 60 Pine Chapel Road.	Bluebird Gap Farm	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carpenter Museum in Rehoboth, Massachusetts is the town's museum of local history, originating during the American Bicentennial year as a facility to house the collection of the Rehoboth Antiquarian Society which was incorporated in 1884.	Carpenter Museum	Rehoboth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Phueng (Thai: หนองผึ้ง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Saraphi District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Nong Phueng	Saraphi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Chinayi (Persian: دره چينايي‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Chīnāyī) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Chinayi	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNSY FM 100.1 is a radio station in northwest Georgia that simulcasts WLKQ-FM ``La Raza'', with a regional Mexican format.	WNSY	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memorial Drive Park, more generally referred to as ``Memorial Drive'', is a tennis venue, located adjacent to the Adelaide Oval, in the park lands surrounding the centre of Adelaide, South Australia.	Memorial Drive Park	Adelaide
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Wicklow (Irish: Contae Chill Mhantáin, (ˈkɔnˠt̪ˠeː ˈçɪl̪ʲ ˈwanˠt̪ˠaːnʲ)) is a county in Ireland.	County Wicklow	Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krakuszowice (krakuʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Krakuszowice	Gmina Gdów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punniyavayal (Tamil: புண்ணியவயல்) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Punniyavayal	Pudukkottai district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallau im Taunus is a quarter of Hofheim in Main-Taunus-Kreis in Hesse, Germany, and has a population of 4,650.	Wallau	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prior Hall originally known as Health Sciences Library is the home of medical library at Ohio State University.	Prior Hall	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hansot is a village in Bharuch district, Gujarat, India, & was originally called ``Hansnagri'' during the British Era; it is situated about 15 miles (24 km) south west of Bharuch on the south bank of the Narmada River.	Hansot	Bharuch district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diznab (Persian: ديزناب‎, also Romanized as Dīznāb; also known as Diznāh) is a village in Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Diznab	Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mid North Coast Correctional Centre, an Australian minimum to medium security prison for males and females, is located in Aldavilla, West Kempsey, New South Wales, Australia, 455 kilometres (283 mi) north of Sydney.	Mid North Coast Correctional Centre	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hughes County Courthouse, located on Capitol Avenue in Pierre, is the center of government of Hughes County, South Dakota.	Hughes County Courthouse	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lemp Mansion (3322 Demenil Place, Saint Louis, Missouri) is a historical house in Benton Park, St. Louis, Missouri.	Lemp Mansion	St. Louis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benaroya Research Institute (BRI) is a Seattle, Washington non-profit organization that conducts autoimmune disease medical research.	Benaroya Research Institute	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iglice (iˈɡlit͡sɛ) (German: Geiglitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Iglice	Gmina Resko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stokenchurch is a village and civil parish within Wycombe district in Buckinghamshire, England.	Stokenchurch	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	John J. Pershing Intermediate School 220, is a public middle school located at 4812 Ninth Avenue in the Sunset Park neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.	John J. Pershing Intermediate School 220	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qebleh Ei Pain (Persian: قبله اي پايين‎, also Romanized as Qebleh Eī Pā’īn, Qebleh’ī-ye Pā’īn, and Qeblehī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qebleh Ei Pain	Jahangiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziemiony (d͡ʑeˈmjɔnɨ) (German: Dreilinden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dziemiony	Gmina Chełmża
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pozo Colorado is a town in Paraguay, located in the department of Presidente Hayes.	Pozo Colorado	Presidente Hayes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakes Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida.	Lakes Mall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guchkuliya is a small village situated 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) afar (Latitude-21°51'47.09``N and Longitude-82°50'47.74''E) on north-east from jaijaipur tahsil in Janjgir-Champa district in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh.	Guchkuliya	Chhattisgarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jersey City YMCA, is located in Bergen Section of Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	Jersey City YMCA	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žerotice is a village and municipality (obec) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Žerotice	Znojmo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javersiyan Rural District (Persian: دهستان جاورسيان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Javersiyan Rural District	Qareh Chay District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuzarjev Kal (pronounced (ˈkuːzaɾjɛu̯ ˈkaːu̯)) is a settlement in the hills northwest of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Kuzarjev Kal	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imieni (iˈmjɛni) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Studzienice, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Imieni	Gmina Studzienice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yim Liu Ha (鹽寮下) is an area part of Sha Tau Kok, in North District, Hong Kong.	Yim Liu Ha	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toveh Siyeh (Persian: توه سيه‎, also Romanized as Toveh Sīyeh) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Toveh Siyeh	Kalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malkerson Island is a private island on Bay Lake, a lake that is located in Bay Lake Township, Crow Wing County, Minnesota.	Malkerson Island	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hulme Arch Bridge in Hulme, Manchester, England, supports Stretford Road as it passes over Princess Road, and is located at grid reference SJ838968.	Hulme Arch Bridge	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXGL, known as ``107.3 The Eagle - Tampa Bay's Classic Hits Station'', is a radio station owned by Cox Media Group located on the FM dial at 107.3 in Tampa, Florida.	WXGL	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	303 East 51st Street is a skyscraper currently under construction as the Halcyon Condos in the Turtle Bay neighborhood in Manhattan, New York City, New York.	303 East 51st Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talem Seh Shanbeh (Persian: طالم سه شنبه‎, also Romanized as Tālem Seh Shanbeh; also known as Seh Shanbeh, Sishambeh, and Sishkhambekh) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Talem Seh Shanbeh	Eslamabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mobile Point Range Lights were a series of lighthouses at the entrance to Mobile Bay, at Mobile Point on the tip of the Fort Morgan peninsula, near Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Mobile Point Range Lights	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Quirino (Friulian: San Quarìn) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 8 kilometres (5 mi) northeast of Pordenone.	San Quirino	Province of Pordenone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caçapava do Sul is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, located on the banks of the Camaquã River.	Caçapava do Sul	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Islington Green War Memorial is a war memorial located at Islington Green in the London Borough of Islington.	Islington Green War Memorial	London Borough of Islington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vardbardeh Rey Tangari (Persian: وردبردهري تنگاري‎, also Romanized as Vardbardeh Rey Tangārī) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Vardbardeh Rey Tangari	Dasht-e Rum Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowróz (ˈkɔvrus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kowróz	Gmina Łysomice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shelburne Falls Trolley Museum is a small railroad museum in Shelburne Falls, Massachusetts, United States.	Shelburne Falls Trolley Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadsea is a community situated in Aberdeenshire in the North East of Scotland.	Broadsea	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamlu Tabriz (Persian: الم لوتبريز‎, also Romanized as Ālamlū Tabrīz) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Alamlu Tabriz	Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balgowlah Boys Campus is a boys public secondary school for students in years 7 to 12 located in Balgowlah, New South Wales, Australia.	Balgowlah Boys Campus	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East River Road Historic District is a historic district located along East River Road near the Grosse Ile Parkway in Grosse Ile, Michigan.	East River Road Historic District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cavenham is a civil parish in Suffolk, England, 10 kilometres (6 mi) northwest of Bury St Edmunds.	Cavenham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taiyuan (Chinese: 太原; pinyin: Tàiyuán (tʰaɪ̂ɥɛ̌n), also known as Bing (并), Jinyang (晋阳)) is the capital and largest city of Shanxi province in North China.	Taiyuan	Shanxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minto Aerodrome (TC LID: CMN4) is a registered aerodrome in Yukon, Canada.	Minto Aerodrome	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery County Memorial Library System is a public library system in Montgomery County, Texas, United States.	Montgomery County Memorial Library System	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bańki (ˈbaɲkʲi) (Ukrainian: Баньки, Ban’ky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bańki	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh-ye Seyyed Hadi (Persian: امامزاده سيدهادي‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh-ye Seyyed Hādī) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh-ye Seyyed Hadi	Esmailiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geva Theatre Center is a regional professional theater company based in Rochester, New York.	Geva Theatre Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Bernard Church and Cemetery is a historic Roman Catholic church and cemetery near Camden, Lewis County, West Virginia.	St. Bernard Church and Cemetery	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soem Sai (Thai: เสริมซ้าย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Soem Ngam District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 8492 people.	Soem Sai	Soem Ngam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Mission House (First Mission House and Place of Worship; First Moravian Mission) is a historic church and mission house at 291 Third Avenue in Bethel, Alaska.	First Mission House	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westside Neighborhood School is a private independent school serving pre-kindergarten through eighth grade, located in the west side of Los Angeles, California.	Westside Neighborhood School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sverdrup Pass (79°08′06``N 80°29′52''W) is a mountain pass in central Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Sverdrup Pass	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawsie (ˈnafɕe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielopole Skrzyńskie, within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Nawsie	Gmina Wielopole Skrzyńskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perth Amboy High School (or PAHS) is a four-year comprehensive community public high school which serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Perth Amboy in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Perth Amboy Public Schools.	Perth Amboy High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albillos is a municipality and town in the province of Burgos, Spain, located about 10 kilometers from the province's capital, Burgos.	Albillos	province of Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rebel State Historic Site is operated by the state of Louisiana and is located near Marthaville in Natchitoches Parish.	Rebel State Historic Site	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloggs Cave is a limestone cave and rockshelter with significant Aboriginal archaeological deposits, located on a cliff along the Snowy River gorge near the town of Buchan, Victoria.	Cloggs Cave	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	João Paulo II Airport (IATA: PDL, ICAO: LPPD), named after Pope John Paul II, is an international airport located on the island of São Miguel, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	João Paulo II Airport	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camillus Erie Canal Park is a town park in Camillus, New York that preserves a seven mile (11 km) stretch of the Erie Canal.	Camillus Erie Canal Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disney's Asian Resort was a planned resort to be located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.	Disney's Asian Resort	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	RAF Killadeas is a former Royal Air Force station located 3.8 miles (6.1 km) southwest of Irvinestown, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland and 6.1 miles (9.8 km) northwest of Enniskillen, County Fermanagh.	RAF Killadeas	County Fermanagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiojdu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkjoʒdu)) is a commune in the northwestern hill and mountainside region of Buzău County, Romania.	Chiojdu	Buzău County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old McCulloch County Jail is located in Brady, McCulloch County, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Old McCulloch County Jail	Brady
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lorain West Breakwater Light, also called the Lorain Harbor Light, is a lighthouse in Lorain, Ohio.	Lorain West Breakwater Light	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith Metropolitan AME Zion Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church located at Smith and Cottage Streets in Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York.	Smith Metropolitan AME Zion Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evanturel (2011 population 452) is a township in Timiskaming District, Ontario, Canada.	Evanturel	Timiskaming District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oatka Creek (/oʊˈætkə/ oh-AT-kə) is the third longest tributary of the Genesee River, located entirely in the Western New York region of the U.S. state of New York.	Oatka Creek	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFWA, virtual channel 39 (UHF digital channel 40), is a PBS member television station located in Fort Wayne, Indiana, United States.	WFWA	Fort Wayne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Angelo Muxaro (Sicilian: Sant'Àngilu Muxaru) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) south of Palermo and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Agrigento.	Sant'Angelo Muxaro	Province of Agrigento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arabia Mountain is a monadnock in DeKalb County, Georgia.	Arabia Mountain	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beanland Mine, also known as Clenor Mine, is an abandoned surface and underground mine in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Beanland Mine	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place du 8 Février 1962 is a public square located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, specifically in the Charonne district, at the intersection of the Rue de Charonne and the Boulevard Voltaire.	Place du 8 Février 1962	11th arrondissement of Paris	Charonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henzeni-ye Bala (Persian: هنزني بالا‎, also Romanized as Henzenī-ye Bālā; also known as Bālā Henzenī) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Henzeni-ye Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giszowiec (German: Gieschewald) is an eastern district of the city of Katowice (Silesian Voivodeship, Poland), created as a coal miners' settlement in 1907.	Giszowiec	Katowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muchalls Castle stands overlooking the North Sea in the countryside of Kincardine and Mearns, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Muchalls Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wahconah Regional High School is a high school in Dalton, Massachusetts and is part of the Central Berkshire Regional School District.	Wahconah Regional High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pine Point Mine is located on the south shore of Great Slave Lake between Hay River to the east and Fort Resolution to the west, in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	Pine Point Mine	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haqaniyeh (Persian: حقانيه‎, also Romanized as Ḩaqānīyeh and Ḩaqqānīyeh) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Haqaniyeh	Shahsavan Kandi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javanmardi Rural District (Persian: دهستان جوانمردئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Javanmardi Rural District	Khanmirza District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesar Direh (Persian: نسارديره‎, also Romanized as Nesār Dīreh; also known as Dēhra, Nesār, and Nesāreh Dīreh) is a village in Direh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nesar Direh	Direh Rural District	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khujeh Galdi (Persian: خوجه گلدي‎, also Romanized as Khūjeh Galdī; also known as Khājehgaldī, Khvājeh Galdī, and Khvojehgaldī) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Khujeh Galdi	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maré Island (French: Île Maré) is the second-largest of the Loyalty Islands, in the archipelago of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Maré Island	Loyalty Islands	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meydan-e Tayyareh (Persian: ميدان طياره‎, also Romanized as Meydān-e Ţayyāreh) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Meydan-e Tayyareh	Tolbozan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jefferson Schools is a public school district in Frenchtown Charter Township, Michigan, just outside the city of Monroe.	Jefferson Schools	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehin (Persian: دهين‎, also Romanized as Dehīn and Dahīn) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Dehin	Shahrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Stacey is a village and civil parish in the Test Valley district of Hampshire, England, situated about 7 miles (11 km) south-east of Andover.	Barton Stacey	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rusch Botanical Gardens 2 acres (8,000 m²) are located at 7801 Auburn Boulevard in Citrus Heights, California, USA.	Rusch Botanical Gardens	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrowice Nyskie (pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈnɨskʲɛ) (German Peterwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Piotrowice Nyskie	Gmina Otmuchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangupur (गांगूपुर, also known as Gangwapur) is a village (semi town) in Bilhaur city in Kanpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India on G.T. Road (NH 91), situated on the bank of the river Ganga near the Kanpur border.	Gangupur	Kanpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carskadon House also known as the ``Locust Grove'' and ``Radical Hill,'' is a historic home located near Burlington, Mineral County, West Virginia.	Carskadon House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rathsoon or Rathsun is a village in the Beerwah tehsil of the Budgam district in Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Rathsoon	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radstädter Tauern Pass (el. 1,738 m or 5,702 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian state of Salzburg, connecting the town of Radstadt in the Pongau region with Mauterndorf in Lungau.	Radstädter Tauern Pass	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Granville Christian Academy is a private school at 1820 Newark Granville Rd, Granville, Ohio.	Granville Christian Academy	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milliken Mills High School is a high school in the city of Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Milliken Mills High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Log Hollow Falls (also known as Falls in Log Hollow, or the Falls on Log Hollow Creek) is a waterfall in the Pisgah National Forest, Transylvania County, North Carolina.	Log Hollow Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehkohneh-ye Hamidabad (Persian: ده كهنه حميد اباد‎, also Romanized as Dehkohneh-ye Ḩāmīdābād) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dehkohneh-ye Hamidabad	Pataveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Giuv (or Schattig Wichel) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden.	Piz Giuv	Uri	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muskegon Community College (MCC) is a community college located at 221 S. Quarterline Rd., Muskegon, Michigan.	Muskegon Community College	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bouquet Gardens is a major student residential complex of the University of Pittsburgh consisting of eight, 4-story garden-style gabled-roofed apartment buildings (Buildings A through H) clustered around progression of courtyards connected by an interior pathway as well as a four-story apartment-style residence hall (Building J).	Bouquet Gardens	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sjetlina (Serbian: Сјетлина) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sjetlina	Pale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byszyno (bɨˈʂɨnɔ) (German: Boissin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Byszyno	Gmina Białogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Kobylnik (ˈnɔvɨ kɔˈbɨlnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Kobylnik	Gmina Stara Błotnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ascog House is a large 17th-century mansion house at Ascog on the Isle of Bute, southwest Scotland.	Ascog House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New St. Marks Baths was a gay bathhouse at 6 St. Marks Place in the East Village of Manhattan, New York City from 1979 to 1985.	New St. Marks Baths	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Łęka Opatowska is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west central Poland.	Gmina Łęka Opatowska	Kępno County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nostra Signora del Sacro Cuore (``Our Lady of the Sacred Heart'', also known as San Giacomo degli Spagnoli and in Spanish, Santiago de los Españoles) is a Catholic church dedicated to the Virgin Mary located in Rome's Piazza Navona.	Nostra Signora del Sacro Cuore	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bibi Janabad (Persian: بي بي جان اباد‎, also Romanized as Bībī Jānābād; also known as Bābā’ī, Bābā’ī Jānābād, and Jānābād) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bibi Janabad	Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anderson Camp Ground (also known as Brushy Creek Arbor and United Methodist Church) is a historic camp ground in Brushy Creek, in Anderson County, Texas (not to be confused with Brushy Creek in Williamson County, near Austin).	Anderson Camp Ground	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reshtqun (Persian: رشتقون‎, also Romanized as Reshtqūn; also known as Rashkin, Reshgīn, Reshtagān, and Shanqar) is a village in Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Reshtqun	Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemierzyce (lɛmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) (formerly German Alt Limmritz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słońsk, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Lemierzyce	Gmina Słońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sypów (ˈsɨpuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sypów	Gmina Działoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sibton is a village and civil parish on the A1120 road, in the Suffolk Coastal District, in the English county of Suffolk.	Sibton	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lewisville Lake Toll Bridge (LLTB) is a bridge crossing Lewisville Lake in Denton County, Texas, USA.	Lewisville Lake Toll Bridge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebrahimabad-e Muri (Persian: ابراهيم ابادموري‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Mūrī; also known as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ebrahimabad-e Muri	Darbqazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada (JNTU Kakinada) is a public university, located at Pithapuram Road in Kakinada, of the East Godavari district , north of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University	Kakinada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wayah Bald is a high-altitude treeless open area in Nantahala National Forest, near Franklin, North Carolina.	Wayah Bald	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardrahan (Irish: Ard Raithin, meaning ``high ringfort'') is a village in County Galway, Ireland.	Ardrahan	County Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagharq Rural District (Persian: دهستان جاغرق‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jagharq Rural District	Torqabeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cromwell Museum in Huntingdon, England, is a museum containing collections exploring the life of Oliver Cromwell and to a lesser extent his son Richard Cromwell.	Cromwell Museum	Huntingdon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunestan (Persian: هونستان‎, also Romanized as Hūnestān; also known as Honestān, Hūnistān, Khonestān, and Khūnistān) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Hunestan	Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chulak Rizak (Persian: چولك ريزك‎, also Romanized as Chūlak Rīzak) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chulak Rizak	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Mock House is a house located in north Portland, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	John Mock House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasà (Greek: Dasia) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of Vibo Valentia.	Dasà	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubraniec-Parcele (luˈbraɲɛt͡s parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubraniec-Parcele	Gmina Lubraniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krymki (ˈkrɨmki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbudy, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krymki	Gmina Kolbudy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Rapids Community College (GRCC) is a community college located in the city of Grand Rapids in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Grand Rapids Community College	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mallepalli is a village in Brahmamgarimattam mandal, situated in Kadapa District of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Mallepalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 9 White Avenue in Wakefield, Massachusetts is a well preserved Colonial Revival house.	House at 9 White Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čečkovice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtʃɛtʃkovɪtsɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Čečkovice	Havlíčkův Brod District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danicheh Kheyr (Persian: دينچه خير‎, also Romanized as Danīcheh Kheyr; also known as Danīcheh Kheyre, Dunicheh Khair, Dūnīcheh Kheyr, and Maḩmūdābād-e Danīcheh Kheyr) is a village in Khorrami Rural District, in the Central District of Khorrambid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Danicheh Kheyr	Khorrami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesr Dasht (Persian: مصردشت‎, also Romanized as Meşr Dasht and Maşar Dasht) is a village in Chukam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mesr Dasht	Chukam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marat Morad (Persian: مرتع مراد‎, also Romanized as Maratʿ Morād) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Marat Morad	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Quinta Resort & Club is a historic resort in present-day La Quinta, California.	La Quinta Resort & Club	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinbaungwe Township or Tantabin Township (Burmese: ဆင်ပေါင်ဝဲမြို့နယ်) is a township of Thayet District in the Magway Region of Burma (Myanmar).	Sinbaungwe Township	Thayet District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbretes Islands (Valencian: Els Columbrets, IPA: (eɫs kolumˈbɾets)) are a group of small uninhabited islets of volcanic origin, in the Mediterranean Sea, 49 kilometres (30 miles) off Oropesa del Mar. Administratively they belong to Castelló de la Plana municipality, Valencian Community, Spain.	Columbretes Islands	Castelló de la Plana
located in the administrative territorial entity	McPherson Unit is a prison for women of the Arkansas Department of Correction, located in Newport, Arkansas, off of Arkansas Highway 384, 4 miles (6.4 km) east of central Newport.	McPherson Unit	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Rafael Mountains are a mountain range in central Santa Barbara County, California, U.S., separating the drainages of the Santa Ynez River and the Santa Maria River.	San Rafael Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Duninów (ˈstarɨ duˈninuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Duninów	Gmina Nowy Duninów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fryerning is a small village situated just 1.5 miles north of Ingatestone in Essex, England.	Fryerning	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frankstown Branch Juniata River is a 46.0-mile-long (74.0 km) tributary of the Little Juniata River in Blair and Huntingdon Counties, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Frankstown Branch Juniata River	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lachówka Mała (laˈxufka ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Lachówka Mała	Gmina Zalesie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Joghd (Persian: قلعه جغد‎‎, also Romanized as Qalʿeh Joghd) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Qaleh Joghd	Robat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McChord Field (IATA: TCM, ICAO: KTCM, FAA LID: TCM) is a United States Air Force base in the northwest United States, in Pierce County, Washington.	McChord Field	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vastrapur is an area in Ahmedabad district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Vastrapur	Ahmedabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pedernales, Texas was an early settlement of German immigrants in Gillespie County, and was part of the Adelsverein colonization of Texas.	Pedernales, Texas	Gillespie County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coddingtown Mall is one of two enclosed shopping malls in Santa Rosa, California.	Coddingtown Mall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bentley Park College is a co-educational, state run school located in Edmonton, Queensland, Australia.	Bentley Park College	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gankhak-e Sheykhi (Persian: گنخك شيخي‎, also Romanized as Gankhak-e Sheykhī; also known as Gankhak-e Sheykhhā) is a village in Kaki Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gankhak-e Sheykhi	Kaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallace K. Harrison Estate is a historic estate located at West Hills in Suffolk County, New York, the home of architect Wallace K. Harrison of the New York firm Harrison & Abramovitz.	Wallace K. Harrison Estate	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	CFWF-FM is a radio station owned by Harvard Broadcasting and is operated out of Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	CFWF-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Monomonac is an artificial lake that straddles the border between Rindge, New Hampshire, and Winchendon, Massachusetts, in the United States.	Lake Monomonac	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollow Water First Nation is an Anishinaabe (Ojibwa) First Nation located on the east side of Lake Winnipeg, Canada, 75 kilometres (47 mi) north of Pine Falls, Manitoba, and 190 kilometres (120 mi) north of Winnipeg.	Hollow Water First Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lozničko Polje (Serbian Cyrillic: Лозничко Поље) is a town in the municipality of Loznica, Serbia.	Lozničko Polje	Loznica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ściegny (ˈɕt͡ɕeɡnɨ) (German: Steinseiffen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podgórzyn, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ściegny	Gmina Podgórzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Philadelphia Parking Authority (PPA) was created by a Philadelphia City Council ordinance adopted on January 11, 1950, as authorized by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Parking Authority Law (Act of June 5, 1947, 53 P.S. § 341 et. seq.)	Philadelphia Parking Authority	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scott Valley Airport (FAA LID: A30), formerly CA06, is a public airport located three miles (4.8 km) south of the central business district (CBD) of Fort Jones, a city in Siskiyou County, California, USA.	Scott Valley Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinquerim is a village in Bardez sub-district, North Goa, India.	Sinquerim	North Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leaside Bridge, formerly the East York Leaside Viaduct, and officially commemorated as the Confederation Bridge, spans the Don River in the City of Toronto, Ontario.	Leaside Bridge	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górno-Parcele (ˈɡurnɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Górno-Parcele	Gmina Górno
located in the administrative territorial entity	John's Modern Cabins are an abandoned ghost tourist court on U.S. Route 66 in Newburg, Missouri.	John's Modern Cabins	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	181 West Madison Street is a skyscraper located in Chicago.	181 West Madison Street	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mullett Lake is a lake in Cheboygan County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Mullett Lake	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farkhan-e Sofla (Persian: فرخان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Farkhān-e Soflā; also known as Farkhān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Farkhan-e Sofla	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katharinenberg bei Wunsiedel is a mountain close to the town of Wunsiedel in Bavaria, Germany.	Katharinenberg bei Wunsiedel	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanzhong (simplified Chinese: 汉中; traditional Chinese: 漢中; pinyin: Hànzhōng; Wade--Giles: Hanchung) is a prefecture-level city in the southwest of Shaanxi province.	Hanzhong	Shaanxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Established in 1959, Pimlico State High School is now one of the largest public high schools in North Queensland.	Pimlico State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ginocchio or Ginocchio Hotel was originally constructed in 1896 next to the Texas and Pacific Railway station in Marshall, Texas, to provide disembarking passengers with ready access to a hotel and restaurant facility.	The Ginocchio	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berklee Performance Center is a 1,215-seat theatre located on Massachusetts Ave. in the Back Bay area of Boston, Massachusetts.	Berklee Performance Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breidenbach is a community in the west of Marburg-Biedenkopf district in Hesse, Germany.	Breidenbach	Marburg-Biedenkopf	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Creeting St Peter, also known as West Creeting due to its location west of the larger Creeting St Mary, is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England.	Creeting St Peter	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEGR is a Classic rock FM radio station in Memphis, Tennessee.	WEGR	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allegheny County Library Association (ACLA) is an organization based in Western Pennsylvania.	Allegheny County Library Association	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarmarkowszczyzna (jarmarkɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jarmarkowszczyzna	Gmina Brańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rhinebeck Village Historic District is located along US 9 and NY 308 in Rhinebeck, New York, United States.	Rhinebeck Village Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahur Berenji-ye Sofla (Persian: ماهوربرنجي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Māhūr Berenjī-ye Soflá; also known as Mahoor Berenji, Māhūr, and Māhūr Berenjī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mahur Berenji-ye Sofla	Mahur Berenji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Former Gilead Railroad Station is the oldest known railroad depot in the state of Maine, and the oldest known on the former Grand Trunk Railway.	Former Gilead Railroad Station	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Will Rogers Turnpike begins at an interchange between I-44, US-412, and the Creek Turnpike on the northeast side of Tulsa, straddling the line between Wagoner County and Rogers County.	Will Rogers Turnpike	Rogers County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Mountain Cabins are a set of three historic cabins located in the Monongahela National Forest near Wymer, Randolph County, West Virginia.	Middle Mountain Cabins	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oncenter is a three-building convention and entertainment facility in Downtown Syracuse, New York, USA.	Oncenter	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Darband (Persian: قره دربند‎; also known as Qarā Darband) is a village in Babarashani Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qareh Darband	Babarashani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wat Ong Teu Mahawihan (Temple of the Heavy Buddha) is one of many Buddhist Monasteries that are present in the city of Vientiane in Laos.	Wat Ong Teu Mahawihan	Vientiane
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scheveningen Pier is a pleasure pier in the Dutch resort town of Scheveningen near The Hague.	Scheveningen Pier	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lah Ab (Persian: له اب‎, also Romanized as Lah Āb) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lah Ab	Par Zeytun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFXM is a radio station serving the Macon, Georgia area with a mainstream urban format.	WFXM	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jihlávka (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪɦlaːfka); German: Klein Iglau) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Jihlávka	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Kuźnia (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈkuʑɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrząb, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Kuźnia	Gmina Jastrząb
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chlebnia (ˈxlɛbɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chlebnia	Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Beauvoir Town's boundaries are Kingsland Road to the east, Regents Canal to the south, Southgate Road to the west and Ball's Pond Road to the north; these last two boundaries are also part of the borough's border with the London Borough of Islington.	De Beauvoir Town	London Borough of Islington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamalabad-e Shahabiyeh (Persian: كمال آباد شهابيه‎, also Romanized as Kamālābād-e Shahābīyeh; also known as Kamālābād) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District, Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kamalabad-e Shahabiyeh	Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holburne Museum (formerly known as the Holburne of Menstrie Museum and the Holburne Museum of Art) is located in Sydney Pleasure Gardens, Bath, Somerset, England.	Holburne Museum	Bath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fa Yuen Street (traditional Chinese: 花園街; simplified Chinese: 花园街; pinyin: Huāyuán Jiē; Cantonese Yale: fa1 yun4 gaai1) is a street between Boundary Street and Dundas Street in Mong Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Fa Yuen Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dangam District is situated in the eastern end of Kunar Province, Afghanistan.	Dangam District	Kunar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northeast Metropolitan Regional Vocational High School also known as Northeast Metro Tech or The Voke is a regional vocational school located in Wakefield, Massachusetts.	Northeast Metropolitan Regional Vocational High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnack is a village and civil parish, now in the Peterborough unitary authority of the ceremonial county of Cambridgeshire, England.	Barnack	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pioneer Plaza is a large public park located in the Convention Center District of downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	Pioneer Plaza	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar-e Qarah Baghi (Persian: حصارقره باغي‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Qarah Bāghī and Ḩeşār Qareh Bāghī; also known as Ḩeşār and Ḩeşāri) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Qarah Baghi	Simineh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meykhvaran-e Sadat (Persian: ميخواران سادات‎, also Romanized as Meykhvārān-e Sādāt, Meykhowrān-e Sādāt, and Meykhvorān-e Sādāt; also known as Meykhowrān-e Bālā) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Meykhvaran-e Sadat	Bavaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Munro is, at 715 metres, the highest point on Cape Barren Island in Bass Strait, Tasmania, Australia.	Mount Munro	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chałupki Dębniańskie (xaˈwupkʲi dɛmbˈɲaɲskʲɛ) (Ukrainian: Халупки Дубнянські, Khalupky Dubnians’ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk, within Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Chałupki Dębniańskie	Gmina Leżajsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avon Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia, which is located within the South West Division.	Avon Land District	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joe Becker Stadium is an American baseball ballpark, built in 1913, located in Joplin, Missouri.	Joe Becker Stadium	Joplin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scrovegni Chapel (Italian: ''Cappella degli Scrovegni'', also known as the Arena Chapel), is a church in Padua, Veneto, Italy.	Scrovegni Chapel	Padua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virginia Furnace, also known as Muddy Creek Furnace and Josephine Furnace, is a historic water powered blast furnace and national historic district located near Albright, Preston County, West Virginia.	Virginia Furnace	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Palędzka (ˈxuta paˈlɛnt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Huta Palędzka	Gmina Mogilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lyndhurst Draw is a railroad bridge crossing the Passaic River between Clifton and Lyndhurst in northeastern New Jersey.	Lyndhurst Draw	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rio Grande Pyramid, elevation 13,827 feet, is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado.	Rio Grande Pyramid	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Polk is a United States Army installation located in Vernon Parish, approximately ten miles east of Leesville, Louisiana, and thirty miles north of DeRidder in Beauregard Parish, Louisiana.	Fort Polk	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knocknagoshel, officially Knocknagashel (Irish: Cnoc na gCaiseal, meaning ``hill of the stone ringfort''), is a village in County Kerry, Ireland.	Knocknagoshel	County Kerry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandar-e Tarj (Persian: بندر ترج‎) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bandar-e Tarj	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waughop Lake is a lake less than 1.6 km (1.0 mi) east of Steilacoom in Pierce County, Washington, United States.	Waughop Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jerome City Pump House is a water works building located near Jerome, Idaho that was built in 1922 by stonemason H.T. Pugh.	Jerome City Pump House	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMVP (1000 AM) is the callsign of a commercial radio station in Chicago, Illinois, USA.	WMVP	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peralta Hills are a ridge of hills in northeastern Orange County, California.	Peralta Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Tampa City Center, formerly known as GTE Center and Verizon Building, is an office skyscraper in Tampa, Florida.	One Tampa City Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzepin (ˈkʂɛpin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Krzepin	Gmina Secemin
located in the administrative territorial entity	As a municipal division, the town of krai significance of Lysva is incorporated as Lysvensky Urban Okrug.	Lysva	Lysvensky Urban Okrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	Battle Ground Lake State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) northeast of the city of Battle Ground, Washington.	Battle Ground Lake State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEOK broadcasts a country music format to the Tahlequah, Oklahoma area.	KEOK	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danówka (daˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Danówka	Gmina Drelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humčani (Serbian Cyrillic: Хумчани) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Humčani	Nevesinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Obras Sanitarias (also known as Arena Obras Sanitarias) is an indoor arena in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Estadio Obras Sanitarias	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santalpur is a village in Santalpur Taluka of Patan district of Gujarat state, India.	Santalpur	Patan district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangar-e Sofla (Persian: سنگرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Sangar-e Soflá; also known as Sangar, Sangar-e Pā’īn, and Sangar Pā’īn) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sangar-e Sofla	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mullingar (/ˌmʊl.ɪnˈɡɑːr/; Irish: An Muileann gCearr, meaning ``the left-handed mill'') is the county town of County Westmeath in Ireland.	Mullingar	County Westmeath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukhteh (Persian: سوخته‎, also Romanized as Sūkhteh) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sukhteh	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murderaz-e Sofla (Persian: موردرازسفلي‎, also Romanized as Mūrderāz-e Soflá) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Murderaz-e Sofla	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yale Divinity School is the divinity school of Yale University, in New Haven, Connecticut, preparing students for ordained or lay ministry, or for scholarly vocations.	Yale Divinity School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popędzyna (pɔpɛnˈd͡zɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa, within Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Popędzyna	Gmina Szczurowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caniçal (Portuguese pronunciation: (kɐniˈsaɫ)) is a civil parish in the municipality of Machico in the Portuguese island of Madeira.	Caniçal	Machico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widnes is an industrial town in Halton, Cheshire, England.	Widnes	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaen Celyn is a hamlet in the community of Llangrannog, Ceredigion, Wales, approximately two miles from Llangrannog which is 70.8 miles (113.9 km) from Cardiff and 188.3 miles (303.1 km) from London.	Blaen Celyn	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Methlick (Gaelic: Maothulach) is a village in the Formartine area of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, situated on the River Ythan 11.2 kilometres (7.0 mi) north-west of Ellon.	Methlick	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henderson Hall Historic District, is a historic home and national historic district located near Williamstown, Wood County, West Virginia.	Henderson Hall Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Texel (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɛsəl)) is a municipality and an island with a population of 13,641 in the province of North Holland in the Netherlands.	Texel	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardo Gewog (Dzongkha: བར་རྡོ་) is a gewog (village block) of Zhemgang District, Bhutan.	Bardo Gewog	Zhemgang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seljeh (Persian: سلجه‎; also known as Seleh Jāl) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Seljeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keele is a village and civil parish in northern Staffordshire, England.	Keele	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bois de Boulogne (French pronunciation: ​(bwa.d(ə).bu.lɔɲ)) is a large public park located along the western edge of the 16th arrondissement of Paris, near the suburb of Boulogne-Billancourt and Neuilly-sur-Seine It was created between 1852 and 1858 during the reign of the Emperor Louis Napoleon.	Bois de Boulogne	16th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowick Hall is a 17th-century Georgian country house in the town of Snaith, located between the villages of East and West Cowick, in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Cowick Hall	East Riding of Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas and Mary Williams Homestead, near Taylor, Nebraska, has significance dating to 1884.	Thomas and Mary Williams Homestead	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sisarak (Persian: سيسارك‎‎, also Romanized as Sīsārak; also known as Sīsārag) is a village in Beleh Keh Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sisarak	Beleh Keh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crater National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Oregon on July 1, 1908 with 1,119,834 acres (4,531.81 km2) from portions of Cascade, Klamath and, Siskiyou National Forests as well as all of Ashland National Forest.	Crater National Forest	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurudiol Lagoon (Ukrainian: Курудіол, Romanian: Curughiol, Turkish: Kurugöl) is a salty lagoon in the Tuzly Lagoons group in Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast, Ukraine.	Kurudiol Lagoon	Tatarbunary Raion	Odessa Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Jankowska (ˈvɔla jaŋˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Wielkie, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Jankowska	Gmina Strzelce Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	H.W. Butterworth and Sons Company Building is a historic factory building located in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	H.W. Butterworth and Sons Company Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayteke Bi (formerly Novokazalinsk) is an urban-type settlement and the administrative center of Kazaly District in Kyzylorda Region of Kazakhstan.	Ayteke Bi	Kazaly District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talkhapur is a town in Sitamarhi district in Bihar in India.	Talkhapur	Sitamarhi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chulak-e Asali (Persian: چولك اصلي‎, also Romanized as Chūlak-e Āṣalī; also known as Chūlak) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Chulak-e Asali	Tariq ol Eslam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yankee Flats is a ghost town located in the Okanagan region of British Columbia.	Yankee Flats	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faraj Alahi (Persian: فرج الهي‎, also Romanized as Faraj Alahī) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Faraj Alahi	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bojd (Persian: بجد‎, also Romanized as Būjd and Bozhd; also known as Bojdī) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bojd	Baqeran Rural District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Holyoke College Art Museum (established 1876) in South Hadley, Massachusetts, is located on the Mount Holyoke College campus and is a member of Museums10.	Mount Holyoke College Art Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Queen Bess is one of the principal summits of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of southern British Columbia.	Mount Queen Bess	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bamnera is a village situated in Sumerpur tehsil of Pali District in Rajasthan on the Beawar- Radhanpur National Highway No. 14 and the nearest railway station is Jawai Bandh.	Bamnera	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głaznów (ˈɡwaznuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Głaznów	Gmina Krośniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilsyth (/kɪlˈsaɪθ/; Scottish Gaelic Cill Saidhe) is a town and civil parish in North Lanarkshire of 10,100 (2004 Estimates) roughly halfway between Glasgow and Stirling in Scotland.	Kilsyth	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Gheybi (Persian: ده غيبي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Gheybī and Deh Gheybī) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Gheybi	Sarjam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The B. B. Comer Bridge, is the two-lane, 2,143-foot (653 m) long, Warren truss bridge spanning the Tennessee River along Alabama State Route 35 in Scottsboro, Alabama.	Comer Bridge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalaleh Eslami (Persian: كلاله اسلامي‎, also Romanized as Kalāleh Eslāmī; also known as Kalāleh, Kalla, Kelyaga, Qeshlāq, and Qishlāq) is a village in Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalaleh Eslami	Dizmar-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kofud (Persian: كفود‎, also Romanized as Kofūd) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kofud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hogup Mountains are a small 25-mile (40 km) long mountain range located in central Box Elder County, Utah, USA.	Hogup Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holtby is a small village and civil parish in the unitary authority of the City of York in North Yorkshire, England.	Holtby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZCR (103.3 FM, ``Z103.3'') is a radio station broadcasting a mainstream rock/adult album alternative format hybrid, reminiscent of the defunct album oriented rock format, serving Fergus Falls, Minnesota.	KZCR	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadena (German: Pfatten) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 10 kilometres (6 mi) southwest of the city of Bolzano.	Vadena	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzchucin Królewski (vjɛʂˈxut͡ɕin kruˈlɛfski) (German: Wiershütten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wierzchucin Królewski	Gmina Koronowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żarki-Letnisko (ˈʐarki lɛtˈniskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Żarki-Letnisko	Gmina Poraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charkh Kati (Persian: چرخ كتي‎, also Romanized as Charkh Katī) is a village in Chapakrud Rural District, Gil Khuran District, Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Charkh Kati	Chapakrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Porto Beach is a California beach located on Santa Monica Bay beside El Porto, which is now part of the City of Manhattan Beach, between the beaches of Dockweiler and Manhattan Beach, and is protected under the state park system.	El Porto Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Gregorio Magno al Celio, also known as San Gregorio al Celio or simply San Gregorio, is a church in Rome, Italy, which is part of a monastery of monks of the Camaldolese branch of the Benedictine Order.	San Gregorio Magno al Celio	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pszczółkowo (pʂt͡ʂuu̯ˈkɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Pszczółkowo	Gmina Wschowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Gurak (Persian: باب گورك‎, also Romanized as Bāb Gūrak) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Gurak	Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dangchu Gewog (Dzongkha: དྭངས་ཆུ་) is a gewog (village block) of Wangdue Phodrang District, Bhutan.	Dangchu Gewog	Wangdue Phodrang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Turkey is a historic hotel located in Turkey, Texas, United States that originally opened in 1927.	Hotel Turkey	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mid-America Christian University (MACU) is a liberal arts college in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	Mid-America Christian University	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witnek Pass, (English: White Neck), is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the road between Nieu-Bethesda and Cradock, Eastern Cape.	Witnek Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birlan (Persian: بيرلان‎, also Romanized as Bīrlān; also known as Bīlān) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Birlan	Bakeshluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszyce (lɛˈʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Wielka, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Leszyce	Gmina Nowa Wieś Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyatigorsk (Russian: Пятиго́рск) is a city in Stavropol Krai located on the Podkumok River, about 20 kilometers (12 mi) from the town of Mineralnye Vody where there is an international airport and about 45 kilometers (28 mi) from Kislovodsk.	Pyatigorsk	Stavropol Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edrisi-ye Olya (Persian: ادریسی علیا‎, also Romanized as Edrīsī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 197, in 39 families.	Edrisi-ye Olya	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sindhupalchowk District ( सिन्धुपाल्चोक जिल्ला ) is a part of Bagmati Zone and one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, with an area of 2,542 km2 (981 sq mi).	Sindhupalchowk District	Bagmati Zone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marineland of the Pacific was a public oceanarium and tourist attraction located on the Palos Verdes Peninsula coast in Los Angeles County, California, USA.	Marineland of the Pacific	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karidi (Persian: كريدي‎, also Romanized as Karīdī' and Kerīdī; also known as Kerendī) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Karidi	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurinburg Institute is a historic African American preparatory school in Laurinburg, North Carolina.	Laurinburg Institute	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFRY-FM (branded as Froggy 97) is a radio station serving the Watertown area of New York with a Modern Country format.	WFRY-FM	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McFaddin-Ward House is a historic home in Beaumont, Texas, United States built between 1905 - 1906 in the Beaux-Arts Colonial Revival style.	McFaddin-Ward House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Girls' Club Foundation (Girls' Club) is a privately funded non-profit foundation providing an art gallery and exhibition space in the center of Fort Lauderdale, Florida.	Girls' Club Foundation	Fort Lauderdale
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Younker Brothers Department Store is a historic building located in downtown Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Younker Brothers Department Store	Des Moines	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogniebrae is a rural settlement in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Bogniebrae	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Coast, or Cabo Corso, is a city and fishing port, and the capital of Cape Coast Metropolitan District and Central Region of south Ghana.	Cape Coast	Central Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torkani (Persian: تركاني‎, also Romanized as Torkānī; also known as Tūrkānī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Torkani	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Francop is a quarter in the Harburg borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany.	Francop	Harburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunduci (Serbian Cyrillic: Кундуци) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kunduci	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolsar (Persian: كلسر‎, also Romanized as Kal Sar; also known as Kalleh Sar, Koliser, and Kol Sar-e Bālā) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kolsar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Michael's, Fulwell is a church at Wilcox Road in Fulwell in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	St Michael's, Fulwell	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talkhab-e Kalat (Persian: تلخاب كلات‎, also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Kalāt) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Talkhab-e Kalat	Jahangiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Ab-e Bala (Persian: پس اب بالا‎, also Romanized as Pas Āb-e Bālā) is a village in Zefreh Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Pas Ab-e Bala	Zefreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Urbana Monument Square Historic District is a historic district at the center of Urbana, Ohio, United States.	Urbana Monument Square Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barton-Lackey Cabin, also known as the Barton Cattle Camp and the Lackey Cattle Camp, was built in 1910 in the Roaring River Canyon of what became Kings Canyon National Park in California.	Barton-Lackey Cabin	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pfau-Crichton Cottage, best known as Chinaberry, is a historic cottage in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Pfau-Crichton Cottage	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tol-e Gor-e Hajjiabad (Persian: تل گرحاجي اباد‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Gor-e Ḩājjīābād; also known as Ḥājjīābād and Tol-e Gor) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tol-e Gor-e Hajjiabad	Hamaijan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robat Hadireh (Persian: رباطحديره‎, also Romanized as Robāţ Ḩadīreh) is a village in Fariman Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Robat Hadireh	Fariman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wiltshire Museum, formerly known as Wiltshire Heritage Museum and Devizes Museum, is a museum, archive and library and art gallery in Devizes, Wiltshire, England.	Wiltshire Museum	Devizes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bofarnel is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, in the United Kingdom.	Bofarnel	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northeast Kingdom is the northeast corner of the U.S. state of Vermont, comprising Essex, Orleans and Caledonia counties and having a population at the 2010 census of 64,764.	Northeast Kingdom	Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gammel Holtegård is a former country house in Rudersdal Municipality north of Copenhagen, Denmark, today operated as an arts centre and a museum.	Gammel Holtegård	Rudersdal Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lichtenfels station is in the town of Lichtenfels in Upper Franconia in the German state of Bavaria.	Lichtenfels station	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurelhurst Park is a city park in the neighborhood of Laurelhurst in Portland, Oregon.	Laurelhurst Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghcheh Darband (Persian: اغچه دربند‎, also Romanized as Āghcheh Darband; also known as Āqjeh Darband) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghcheh Darband	Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarujenag (Persian: قروجنگ‎, also Romanized as Qarūjenag; also known as Qūrūchnak and Qūrūch Nak-e ``Olyā) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 10 families.	Qarujenag	Kanduleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paidipally is a village in the Warangal district of the Telangana state in India.	Paidipally	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elleber Ridge is the name of a ridge in the Allegheny Mountains of West Virginia and it is also the name of the mountain's summit, Elleber Knob (4,595 ft).	Elleber Ridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nantmor is a hamlet which lies about 1½ miles to the south of the village of Beddgelert in Gwynedd, Wales.	Nantmor	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilonia High School is a comprehensive public high school serving students in grades nine through twelve in Vilonia, Arkansas, United States.	Vilonia High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adversane is a hamlet in the Horsham District of West Sussex, England, located 1.5 miles south of Billingshurst.	Adversane	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obroki (ɔˈbrɔki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkołaz, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Obroki	Gmina Wilkołaz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holbeck (grid reference SE311314) is a district in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Holbeck	Leeds	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coulston (until 1934 called East Coulston) is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, five miles northeast of the town of Westbury, just north of the B3098 road.	Coulston	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cammoro is a frazione of the comune of Sellano, in the province of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.	Cammoro	Sellano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leava is a village and the administrative centre of the chiefdom of Sigave on the French Pacific island of Futuna, part of the Wallis and Futuna group.	Leava	Futuna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardinal Stadium is the name of a former college and minor league baseball and college football stadium in Louisville, Kentucky.	Cardinal Stadium	Louisville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garni Gorge is situated 23 km east of Yerevan, Armenia, just below the village with the same name.	Garni Gorge	Yerevan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Me Sang District (Khmer: ស្រុកមេសាង) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.	Me Sang District	Prey Veng Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edelgave is a manor house situated just southeast of Smørumnedre, Egedal Municipality, 20 km northwest of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Edelgave	Egedal Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Klawasi group is a cluster of three large mud volcanoes on the western flank of Mount Drum, a Pleistocene stratovolcano in the Wrangell Mountains of east-central Alaska in the United States.	Klawasi group	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paul J. Gutman Library is the main library of Philadelphia University, which is located in the East Falls section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Paul J. Gutman Library	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capital Preparatory Charter High School was a charter public high school located in Trenton, New Jersey, that served students in ninth through twelfth grades from Trenton and Ewing Township.	Capital Preparatory Charter High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Gumino (ˈstarɛ ɡuˈminɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Gumino	Gmina Dzierzążnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodward Hill Cemetery is a 32 acre historic rural or garden cemetery in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.	Woodward Hill Cemetery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birch Vale is a village in the High Peak district of Derbyshire, just outside the boundary of the Peak District National Park, between New Mills and Hayfield.	Birch Vale	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohneh Patak (Persian: كهنه پتك‎) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kohneh Patak	Sakht Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Vow Zen Monastery was founded in 2002 and is operated by Zen Community of Oregon (ZCO) under the leadership of abbots Chozen Bays, Roshi, and Hogen Bays.	Great Vow Zen Monastery	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkarby is a district of Järfälla Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden and part of the contiguously built-up Stockholm urban area.	Barkarby	Järfälla Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John R. Oughton House, commonly known as The Lodge or the Keeley Estate, is a Victorian mansion located in the village of Dwight, Illinois, United States.	John R. Oughton House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangi Choqa (Persian: زنگي چقا‎, also Romanized as Zangī Choqā) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zangi Choqa	Dorudfaraman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Bandan Nonush (Persian: اب بندان ننوش‎, also Romanized as Āb Bandān Nonūsh; also known as Ābandān Sar and Āb Bandān Sar) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ab Bandan Nonush	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fyler-Hotchkiss Estate, also known as the Torrington Historical Society or the Hotchkiss-Fyler House Museum, consists of two houses and a carriage house at 192 Main Street in Torrington, Connecticut.	Fyler-Hotchkiss Estate	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hakavan (Persian: هكوان‎, also Romanized as Hakavān, Hakvān, and Hakwan) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hakavan	Farmeshkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garneddwen is a hamlet in the south of the county of Gwynedd, Wales.	Garneddwen	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papedeh (Persian: پاپده‎, also Romanized as Pāpedeh and Pāpadeh; also known as Jūrī Rahdār and Pābadeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Papedeh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayside Christian College is an Independent, Co-educational (Primary), (Secondary), day school located in Langwarrin South, Victoria (Australia).	Bayside Christian College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The District Council of the Copper Coast is a local government area (LGA) in the Yorke and Mid North region of South Australia.	District Council of the Copper Coast	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bordesley railway station is a small railway station serving the area of Bordesley in Birmingham, England located between Birmingham Moor Street and Small Heath stations.	Bordesley railway station	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cachoeira Dourada is municipality in south-central Goiás state, Brazil.	Cachoeira Dourada	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obernkirchen (German pronunciation: (oːbɐnˈkɪʁçən)) is a town in the district of Schaumburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Obernkirchen	Schaumburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miraslan (Persian: ميراصلان‎, also Romanized as Mīrāṣlān) is a village in Rak Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Miraslan	Rak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Shore Aerodrome (IATA: N/A, ICAO: NZNE), also called Dairy Flat Airfield, is a small, uncontrolled aerodrome located 2 nmi (3.7 km) south southwest of Silverdale, near Auckland in New Zealand's North Island.	North Shore Aerodrome	Auckland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Strom Thurmond, also known as Clarks Hill Lake, is a reservoir at the border between Georgia and South Carolina in the Savannah River Basin.	Lake Strom Thurmond	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plastowo (plasˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Plastowo	Gmina Kamieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandhara is a village in the Dhenkanal district of the Indian state of Orissa, situated on the banks of the Ramial and Dolia rivers.	Kandhara	Dhenkanal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dragomilići (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгомилићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dragomilići	Kalinovik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalab-e Vosta (Persian: كلاب وسطي‎, also Romanized as Kalāb-e Vosţá) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kalab-e Vosta	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cuvry (German: Kubern) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Cuvry	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soudan Underground Mine State Park is a Minnesota state park at the site of the Soudan Underground Mine, on the south shore of Lake Vermilion, in the Vermilion Range (Minnesota).	Soudan Underground Mine State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozpucie (rɔsˈput͡ɕe) (Ukrainian: Розпуття, Rozputtia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Rozpucie	Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howz Gel (Persian: حوض گل‎, also Romanized as Ḩowẕ Gel) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Howz Gel	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peirce School (also known as Old Peirce School) is a historic school building at 88 Chestnut Street, corner of Austin Street, in West Newton, Massachusetts.	Peirce School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottermere railway station is in the community of Ottermere in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Ottermere railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tapley Building was a historic Romanesque building at 206 Broad Street in Lynn, Massachusetts.	Tapley Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Daghli (Persian: قره داغلي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Dāghlī and Qareh Dāghlī) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qarah Daghli	Sheykh Musa Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Hood Wilderness is a protected wilderness area inside the Mount Hood National Forest which is located in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Mount Hood Wilderness	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silverton Hospital is a non-profit regional hospital located in Silverton, Oregon.	Silverton Hospital	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gordola (Italian pronunciation: (ˈɡordola)) is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Gordola	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirnaq (Persian: پيرنق‎, also Romanized as Pīrnaq) is a village in Dursun Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pirnaq	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Goring is a Grade I listed country house in Worthing, in Sussex, England.	Castle Goring	Worthing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojtyniów (vɔi̯ˈtɨɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wojtyniów	Gmina Bliżyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhimber Gali is a village in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir.	Bhimber Gali	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wislow Island is an island in the Fox Islands group of the eastern Aleutian Islands in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Wislow Island	Fox Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunnarstorp is a locality situated in Bjuv Municipality, Skåne County, the most southerly province in Sweden.	Gunnarstorp	Bjuv Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shangnan County (simplified Chinese: 商南县; traditional Chinese: 商南縣; pinyin: Shāngnán Xiàn) is a county of Shangluo, Shaanxi, China, has an area of 2,307 square kilometers and a population of 230,000 as of 2004.	Shangnan County	Shangluo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mianki (Persian: ميانكي‎, also Romanized as Mīānkī) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mianki	Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delijan County (Persian: شهرستان دلیجان‎) is a county in Markazi Province in Iran.	Delijan County	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Konopki (ˈstarɛ kɔˈnɔpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Konopki	Gmina Śniadowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qatruyeh District (Persian: بخش قطرویه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qatruyeh District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Douar El Ma (Arabic: دوار اﻟﻤﺎء‎) is a town and commune in Taleb Larbi District, El Oued Province, Algeria, near the border with Tunisia.	Douar El Ma	Taleb Larbi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Autlán de Navarro is a city and its surrounding municipality of the same name in the Costa Sur region of the southwestern part of the state of Jalisco in Mexico.	Autlán	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowabbie is a rural community in the central part of the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.	Cowabbie	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naxalbari is the name of a village and a community development block in northern part of the state of West Bengal, India.	Naxalbari	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sotcher Farmhouse, also known as ``Three Arches,'' is a historic home located at Fairless Hills, Falls Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Sotcher Farmhouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingsbury Hall is a center for the performing arts located on the University of Utah campus in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Kingsbury Hall	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ukhi Tappeh (Persian: اوخي تپه‎, also Romanized as Ūkhī Tappeh) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Dashli Borun District, Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Ukhi Tappeh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand River Academy, formerly known as the Ashtabula County Institute of Science and Industry and then the Grand River Institute, is a private, nonsectarian, boarding high school for young men located in Austinburg, Ohio.	Grand River Academy	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemalle is a village in Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh, India on the way to Amaravati from Guntur.14th Mile (14వ మైలు) is also part of Lemalle grama panchayat and commercial area of this village.	Lemalle	Guntur district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziwy (ˈd͡ʑivɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dziwy	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baby Head Cemetery is a cemetery located on Highway 16, approximately 9 miles north of the city of Llano, Texas.	Baby Head Cemetery	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalbar Malek Baqar (Persian: دلبرملك باقر‎, also Romanized as Dalbar Maleḵ Bāqar) is a village in Khavashod Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dalbar Malek Baqar	Khavashod Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schneckenbusch (Schneggebesch in Rhine Franconian) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Schneckenbusch	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stabunity (stabuˈnitɨ) (German: Stabunken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stabunity	Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Springs Run State Reserve is a 14,000-acre (5,700 ha) State Park in the U.S. state of Florida.	Rock Springs Run State Reserve	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Miedzyńska (ˈvulka mjɛˈd͡zɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Miedzyńska	Gmina Sokołów Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baldwin County Airport (IATA: MLJ, ICAO: KMLJ, FAA LID: MLJ) is a county owned, public use airport in Baldwin County, Georgia, United States.	Baldwin County Airport	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The N. K. Symi (Sponge Diving Boat) (also known as the Eleni) is a historic site in Tarpon Springs, Florida.	N. K. Symi (Sponge Diving Boat)	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beleń (ˈbɛlɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Beleń	Gmina Zapolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhanop is an ancient village in Bhilwara district on Shahpur-Vijaypur state highway at a distance of 85 km from Bhilwara city in Rajasthan.	Dhanop	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carolina Friends School is an independent, co-educational Quaker school located in Durham, North Carolina.	Carolina Friends School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuf-e Mahikhvar (Persian: طوف ماهيخوار‎, also Romanized as Ţūf-e Māhīkhvār; also known as Tuf-e Māhīkhār) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tuf-e Mahikhvar	Jam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry W. Prince Building, also known as Prince Store, is a historic commercial building located at Southold in Suffolk County, New York.	Henry W. Prince Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cianjin District (Chinese: 前金區; Hanyu Pinyin: Qiánjīn Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Ciánjin Cyu; Wade--Giles: Ch'ien2-chin1 Ch'ü1) is a downtown district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Cianjin District	Kaohsiung City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Psary-Stara Wieś (ˈpsarɨ ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Psary-Stara Wieś	Gmina Bodzentyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benfeld (French pronunciation: ​(bɛnfɛld); Alsatian: Banfald (ˈbanfalt)) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Benfeld	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockland Traralgon is a shopping centre located in the CBD of Traralgon, Victoria.	Stockland Traralgon	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasaveh (Persian: پساوه‎, also Romanized as Pasāveh; also known as Khvārazm and Pasāva ) is a village in Dasht-e Taybad Rural District, Miyan Velayat District, Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pasaveh	Dasht-e Taybad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Bass Trail is a hiking trail located on the North Rim of the Grand Canyon, in Grand Canyon National Park, located in the U.S. state of Arizona.	North Bass Trail	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasiniec (jaˈɕiɲet͡s) (German Johanneshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogdaniec, within Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Jasiniec	Gmina Bogdaniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fresh Pond Junction is a freight yard in the Ridgewood area of Queens, New York City.	Fresh Pond Junction	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	``'Leadenhall Street Baptist Church'' is a historic Baptist church located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Leadenhall Street Baptist Church	Baltimore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eugênio de Castro is a municipality of the northern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Eugênio de Castro	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahausen is administratively part of the collective community of Sottrum.	Ahausen	Sottrum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakalite (Bulgarian: Бакалите) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Bakalite	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Arabkhaneh (Persian: حسين‌آباد عربخانه‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e ``Arabkhāneh) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 5 families.	Hoseynabad-e Arabkhaneh	Arabkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Ven is a lighthouse in Oosterdijk, a village in the municipality of Enkhuizen, Netherlands.	De Ven	Enkhuizen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) is a federal research facility in Livermore, California, founded by the University of California in 1952.	Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starzyn (ˈstaʐɨn) (formerly German Altes Vorwerk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Starzyn	Gmina Mieszkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coeur d'Alene River Wildlife Management Area at 5,799 acres (23.47 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management area primarily in Kooteani County but also in Benewah County.	Coeur d'Alene River Wildlife Management Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caesar's Creek Pioneer Village is a historically recreated community in Caesar Creek State Park, located in Waynesville, Ohio, United States.	Caesar's Creek Pioneer Village	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sawgrass Country Club is a private golf and tennis club in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida.	Sawgrass Country Club	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banded Glacier is located on the north slopes of Mount Logan, North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington.	Banded Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrzechów (dɔˈbʐɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Dobrzechów	Gmina Strzyżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wychodne (vɨˈxɔdnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wychodne	Gmina Suwałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballyraine (Irish: Baile Raithin) is a district of Letterkenny, County Donegal, Republic of Ireland, located in the parish of Aughaninshin.	Ballyraine	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buduslău (Hungarian: Érbogyoszló) is a commune in Bihor County, northwestern Romania.	Buduslău	Bihor County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedry Małe (ˈt͡sɛdrɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cedry Małe	Gmina Cedry Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allah Morad Khani (Persian: اله مرادخاني‎, also Romanized as Allāh Morād Khānī) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Allah Morad Khani	Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schooley's Mountain Historic District is a historic district in Schooley's Mountain, Washington Township, Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Schooley's Mountain Historic District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haines Memorial State Park is a state park 6 miles (9.7 km) south of East Providence, Rhode Island on the northeastern side of Narragansett Bay.	Haines Memorial State Park	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Łomnica (ˈnɔva wɔmˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowa Łomnica	Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abrams Building was located at South Pearl Street (New York State Route 32) and Hudson Avenue in Albany, New York, United States.	Abrams Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salinas River State Beach is a beach at the Salinas River mouth, located at the south end of Moss Landing, California.	Salinas River State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norton Folgate is a street in London, connecting Bishopsgate with Shoreditch High Street, on the northern edge of its financial district the City of London.	Norton Folgate	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	State University of Tetova (Albanian: Universiteti Shtetëror i Tetovës; Macedonian: Државен универзитет во Тетово), located in Tetovo, is one of four Macedonia's state universities.	State University of Tetova	Tetovo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longue Vue House and Gardens, also known as Longue Vue, is a historic house museum and associated gardens at 7 Bamboo Road in the Lakewood neighborhood of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.	Longue Vue House and Gardens	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiyanpur is an important town and a nagar panchayat in Azamgarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Jiyanpur	Azamgarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savand (Persian: ساوند‎, also Romanized as Sāvand) is a village in Javar Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Savand	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arch Street Friends Meeting House, at 320 Arch Street at the corner of 4th Street in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is a Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers).	Arch Street Friends Meeting House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaghakhor Rural District (Persian: دهستان چغاخور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Boldaji District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Chaghakhor Rural District	Boldaji District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolskie (ˈvɔlskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wolskie	Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church (Episcopal), Shrewsbury is a historic church building at the junction of Broad Street and Sycamore Avenue in Shrewsbury, New Jersey, It was built in 1769 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.	Christ Church (Episcopal), Shrewsbury	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beltsville Speedway was an asphalt oval track in the American community of Beltsville, Maryland; it spanned 0.500 miles (0.805 km).	Beltsville Speedway	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vermont State Fairgrounds are the official fairgrounds of Vermont, USA and are located in Rutland, Vermont.	Vermont State Fairgrounds	Rutland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Exum Ridge Route is the upper section of a technical rock climbing up the Grand Teton's Exum Ridge in Wyoming.	Upper Exum Ridge Route	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strastnoy Boulevard, (Russian: Страстной Бульвар), is a major boulevard in Moscow.	Strastnoy Boulevard	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRCT is a non-commercial freeform radio station based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	WRCT	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Alice National Wildlife Refuge is located in Ramsey and Towner Counties near the former town of Church's Ferry, North Dakota.	Lake Alice National Wildlife Refuge	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taleh Jar (Persian: طاله جار‎, also Romanized as Ţāleh Jār; also known as Ţālījār) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Taleh Jar	Zu ol Faqr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moszna-Kolonia (ˈmɔʂna kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastków, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Moszna-Kolonia	Gmina Jastków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolbad-e Sharqi Rural District (Persian: دهستان كلبادشرقي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kolbad District, Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kolbad-e Sharqi Rural District	Kolbad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nimba County is a county in the north-central portion of the West African nation of Liberia.	Nimba County	Liberia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olki (ˈɔlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Olki	Gmina Sypniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ingersoll Airport (ICAO: KCTK, FAA LID: CTK) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (2.3 mi, 3.7 km) northwest of the central business district of Canton, a city in Fulton County, Illinois, United States.	Ingersoll Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre d'Art la Panera (in English: Art Centre of La Panera) is an art museum in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	Centre d'Art la Panera	Lleida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yak Peak is a granite summit located adjacent the Coquihalla Highway in British Columbia north of Hope.	Yak Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louise M. Davies Symphony Hall is the concert hall component of the San Francisco War Memorial and Performing Arts Center in San Francisco, California.	Louise M. Davies Symphony Hall	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Douglas Community Hospital Heliport (FAA LID: OR01) was a private heliport located one nautical mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Roseburg, in Douglas County, Oregon, United States.	Douglas Community Hospital Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Illusion Cinema is the longest running independent cinema in the city of Seattle, Washington, and has become a landmark of the film community.	Grand Illusion Cinema	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kateh Talkh (Persian: كته تلخ‎) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District, Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kateh Talkh	Roqicheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arena da Amazônia (Amazon Arena) is the name of a football stadium in Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil, located on the former site of the Vivaldão stadium.	Arena da Amazônia	Manaus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Amirabad (Persian: تلمبه اميراباد‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Amīrābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Amirabad	Bayaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Courtenay (Smit Field) Airport, (TC LID: CCS6), is located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) west of Courtenay, British Columbia, Canada.	Courtenay (Smit Field) Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ontario State Recreation Site is a state park in the U.S. state of Oregon, administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.	Ontario State Recreation Site	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Addington Vale is a park situated in New Addington in the London Borough of Croydon.	Addington Vale	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borawskie Małe (bɔˈrafskʲɛ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Borawsken, from 1938-45 Kleindeutscheck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Borawskie Małe	Gmina Olecko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Headlands Beach State Park is a public beach in Mentor and Painesville Township, Ohio, USA.	Headlands Beach State Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelavand-e Pain (Persian: چلوندپائين‎‎, also Romanized as Chelevand-e Pā’īn and Chelvand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Chelevand Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chelavand-e Pain	Lavandevil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Olive Cemetery is located at 3800 North Narragansett Avenue, in Chicago.	Mount Olive Cemetery	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaszczytowo (zaʂt͡ʂɨˈtɔvɔ) (German: Saratoga) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Zaszczytowo	Gmina Krzeszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Headingley Correctional Institution is a provincial prison, established in 1931 in the rural municipality of Headingley, Manitoba.	Headingley Correctional Institution	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poddębice County (Polish: powiat poddębicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Łódź Voivodeship, central Poland.	Poddębice County	Łódź Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chmielarze (xmjɛˈlaʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Chmielarze	Gmina Kłomnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filipowizna (filipɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Filipowizna	Gmina Sulmierzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurowo (ɡuˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gurowo	Gmina Niechanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Hutt (Māori: Awakairangi) is a city in the Wellington Region of the North Island of New Zealand.	Lower Hutt	Wellington Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The castle was used as the town hall up until 1 January 2005, when the municipality Ruurlo merged with the municipalities of Borculo, Neede and Eibergen into the municipality of Berkelland.	Ruurlo	Berkelland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schächentaler Windgällen (also known as Höch Windgällen) is a mountain in the Schwyzer Alps, overlooking Unterschächen in the canton of Uri.	Schächentaler Windgällen	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estádio Joaquim Henrique Nogueira, or Nogueirão, also nicknamed Arena do Jacaré (Alligator Arena), is a soccer stadium located in Sete Lagoas, Minas Gerais state, it seats 17,000 people.	Arena do Jacaré	Sete Lagoas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riker Hill Art Park is a former Nike Missile base which has become an artistic community in Livingston, Essex County, New Jersey.	Riker Hill Art Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linxia County (simplified Chinese: 临夏县; traditional Chinese: 臨夏縣; pinyin: Línxià Xiàn; Wade--Giles: Lin-hsia Hsien) is a county in the Linxia Hui Autonomous Prefecture, province of Gansu of the People's Republic of China.	Linxia County	Linxia Hui Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andress High School is a public high school located on the northeast side of El Paso, Texas.	Andress High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpow is a diffuse hamlet in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Carpow	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Ganjab (Persian: بان گنجاب‎, also Romanized as Bān Ganjāb; also known as Bānganjāō, Bānkanjāb, and Ganjāb) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ban Ganjab	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoke Gifford is a large dormitory village, and parish in South Gloucestershire, England, in the northern suburbs of Bristol.	Stoke Gifford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée du Luxembourg is a museum at 19 rue de Vaugirard in the 6th arrondissement of Paris.	Musée du Luxembourg	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taleh Varan (Persian: طاله وران‎, also Romanized as Ţāleh Varān; also known as Ţālvarān) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Taleh Varan	Kalatrazan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fajã Mata Sete is a permanent debris field, built from the collapsing cliffs on the northern coast of the civil parish of Rosais, in the municipality of Velas, island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Fajã Mata Sete	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yerkes Observatory is an astronomical observatory in Williams Bay, Wisconsin operated by the University of Chicago Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics.	Yerkes Observatory	Williams Bay	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Manchester Dam is a concrete gravity dam with an un-gated spillway across the Cabbage Tree Creek that is located in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Lake Manchester Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Amaro da Imperatriz, or simply Santo Amaro, is a municipality in Santa Catarina located close to the state capital Florianópolis and is connected to Palhoça by BR-282 in the northeast.	Santo Amaro da Imperatriz	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Psary-Lechawa (ˈpsarɨ lɛˈxava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Psary-Lechawa	Gmina Wolbórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azimiyeh (Persian: عظيميه‎, also Romanized as ʿAẓīmīyeh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azimiyeh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palmetto Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district, bounded by Twenty-first Avenue, Seventh Street, Fifth Avenue, and the Manatee River in Palmetto, Florida.	Palmetto Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armand-e Sofla (Persian: ارمندسفلي‎, also Romanized as Armand-e Soflá and Armand Sofla; also known as Armand and Ārmand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Armand Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Armand-e Sofla	Armand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The city has been situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999, but from 1975 to 1998, it was the capital of the Tarnów Voivodeship.	Tarnów	Lesser Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santi Nereo e Achilleo is a fourth-century basilica church in Rome, Italy, located in via delle Terme di Caracalla in the rione Celio facing the main entrance to the Baths of Caracalla.	Santi Nereo e Achilleo	Celio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton Field House is a 3,000 -seat multi-purposee on the campus of the University of Central Oklahoma (UCO) in Edmond, Oklahoma, and is home to the Central Oklahoma Bronchos men's and women's basketball teams, as well as volleyball, and wrestling.	Hamilton Field House	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQIO is an FM radio station in Mount Vernon, Ohio located at 93.7 MHz. The station plays Adult Contemporary music as ``93-7, The New Super Q''.	WQIO	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Desali is a village Panchayat in Hunli-Desali Tehsil of Lower Dibang Valley district in the north-eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Desali	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weir Quay is a place on the banks of the River Tamar in Devon, England.	Weir Quay	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaverdell Range is a subrange of the Okanagan Highland in the Southern Interior of British Columbia, located between the West Kettle and Kettle Rivers, and running nearly due south from Big White Mountain, which is its highest summit, and the highest in the Okanagan Highland, and lies near the head of the Kettle.	Beaverdell Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barossa Valley is a valley in South Australia located 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Adelaide city centre and which is notable as a major wine-producing region and tourist destination.	Barossa Valley	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plainridge Park Casino is a harness racing track and slot machine parlor in Plainville, Massachusetts, owned and operated by Penn National Gaming.	Plainridge Park Casino	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Duckmanton is a village in the civil parish of Sutton-cum-Duckmanton, in North East Derbyshire, located between Bolsover and Chesterfield.	Long Duckmanton	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cyganek (t͡sɨˈɡanɛk) (German: Tiegerweide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cyganek	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sachat (Persian: ساچت‎, also Romanized as Sāchat) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sachat	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eston College is a private Christian post-secondary educational institution located in Eston, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Eston College	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Kabkan (Persian: چاه كبكان‎, also Romanized as Chāh Kabkān; also known as Chāh-e Kabgān) is a village in Asir Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Kabkan	Asir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godwin Hall is a building on the campus of James Madison University in Harrisonburg, Virginia, housing the School of Kinesiology, the School of Theatre and Dance, and the JMU Athletics department.	Godwin Hall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guihulngan, officially the City of Guihulngan and often referred to as Guihulngan City, is a city in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines.	Guihulngan	Negros Oriental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harford Lutheran School was a private secondary school located in Bel Air, Maryland, United States.	Harford Lutheran School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sutton Place is a luxury hotel in the Canadian city of Vancouver, British Columbia.	The Sutton Place	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shepaug Valley High School is a four-year public, coeducational high school in rural Washington, Connecticut, although it draws residents from nearby Roxbury, Bridgewater, and Sherman as well.	Shepaug Valley High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gramsbergen (Dutch Low Saxon: Grambarge) is a small Dutch town on the Vechte, located in the municipality of Hardenberg and the province of Overijssel.	Gramsbergen	Hardenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mill Street Stone Arch Bridge is located on that street in Pine Hill, New York, United States.	Mill Street Stone Arch Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opryland USA (later called Opryland Themepark and colloquially referred to simply as Opryland) was an amusement park located in suburban Nashville, Tennessee.	Opryland USA	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilam County (Persian: شهرستان ایلام‎) is a county in Ilam Province in Iran.	Ilam County	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łówkowice (wufkɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Löckwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Łówkowice	Gmina Bądkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chogye International Zen Center is a Kwan Um School of Zen practice center founded by Seung Sahn in 1975, located in New York City.	Chogye International Zen Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostołty (rɔsˈtɔu̯tɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rostołty	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellingholzhausen is a village, now part of the municipality of Melle, in the district of Osnabrück, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Wellingholzhausen	Melle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Earl Shilton is a small town in Leicestershire, England, some 5 miles (8 km) from Hinckley and about 10 miles (16 km) from Leicester, with a population of around 9,000 (as of 2005).	Earl Shilton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Khaleqi (Persian: علي خالقي‎, also Romanized as ʿĀlī Khāleqī; also known as Āl Khāleqī) is a village in Kiskan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ali Khaleqi	Kiskan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trollhättan (Swedish pronunciation: (trɔlhɛtan)) is a city and the seat of Trollhättan Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden, with 46,457 inhabitants in 2010.	Trollhättan	Västra Götaland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pioneer Amphitheatre is an amphitheatre located at the north-eastern corner of the Hayward Hills Campus of California State University, East Bay in Hayward, California.	Pioneer Amphitheatre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manakondur is a village in Karimnagar district of the Indian state of Telangana.	Manakondur	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spontin Castle (French: Château de Spontin) is a medieval castle in the village of Spontin in the municipality of Yvoir, province of Namur, Belgium.	Spontin Castle	Yvoir
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fountain Hotel is a historic former hotel in downtown St. Marys, Ohio, United States.	Fountain Hotel	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnham Point State Park is a 12-acre (0.049 km2) state park located on the St. Lawrence River in the Town of Cape Vincent in Jefferson County, New York, USA.	Burnham Point State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monroe Furnace is a national historic district and historic iron furnace located at Barree Township in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	Monroe Furnace	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre hospitalier de l'Université de Montréal (CHUM, translated as Montreal University Health Centre) is one of two major healthcare networks in the city of Montreal, Quebec.	Centre hospitalier de l'Université de Montréal	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadelhofen is a community in the Upper Franconian (German: Oberfranken) district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community (Verwaltungsgemeinschaft) of Steinfeld.	Stadelhofen	Bamberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Square is the principal civic square in the city of Glasgow, Scotland.	George Square	Glasgow	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old College Hill Post Office is a historic former commercial building in the College Hill neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Old College Hill Post Office	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oswegatchie Pumping Station is a pumping station on the Oswegatchie River at Ogdensburg in St. Lawrence County, New York.	Oswegatchie Pumping Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danger Cave is a North American archaeological site located in the Bonneville Basin of western Utah around the Great Salt Lakes region, that features artifacts of the Desert Culture from c. 9000 BC until c. 500 AD.	Danger Cave	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duas Barras-Rio de Janeiro (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˌduaʒ ˈbaxaʲʃ)) is a municipality located in the Brazilian of Rio de Janeiro.	Duas Barras	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abilene and Smoky Valley Railroad is a heritage railway located in Abilene, Kansas, United States.	Abilene and Smoky Valley Railroad	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clyst St Lawrence is a village near Clyst Hydon, in the East Devon district, in the county of Devon, England.	Clyst St Lawrence	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reach Gallery Museum is a public art gallery and museum located in Abbotsford, British Columbia.	The Reach Gallery Museum	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pothuravuthanpatty (போத்துராத்தன்பட்டி) is a village in the Karur district of India.	Pothuravuthanpatty	Karur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashtollah (Persian: دشت الله‎, also Romanized as Dashtollāh) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dashtollah	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzewata (kʂɛˈvata) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Krzewata	Gmina Olszówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manqeshli (Persian: منقشلي‎, also Romanized as Manqeshlī) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Manqeshli	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodley railway station serves the Woodley area of Stockport in Greater Manchester, England.	Woodley railway station	Stockport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Husson University is a private university located in Bangor, Maine, offering undergraduate and graduate degrees.	Husson University	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delcambre Canal, also known as Bayou Carlin, runs from Lake Peigneur in Louisiana to Vermilion Bay near Weeks Island.	Delcambre Canal	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Parish Church Site-Dover Point is a historic church site on Dover Point Road in Dover, New Hampshire.	First Parish Church Site-Dover Point	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gachi Rural District (Persian: دهستان گچي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Gachi District, Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Gachi Rural District	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czeluśnica (t͡ʂɛluɕˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Czeluśnica	Gmina Tarnowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maiha is a town and Local Government Area of Adamawa State, Nigeria.	Maiha	Adamawa State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahiari is a fast developing census town under Domjur police station in Sadar subdivision of Howrah district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Mahiari	Howrah district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgeplain, also known as the Arthur House, is a historic building used as a dormitory on the Colorado College campus of Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Edgeplain	Colorado Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danderyds sjukhus is a hospital in Danderyd Municipality in northern Greater Stockholm opened in 1922.	Danderyds sjukhus	Danderyd Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crap Sogn Gion (meaning Saint John's stone in Romansh) is a mountain (2,252 m) and cable car station (2,216 m) located near Flims in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Crap Sogn Gion	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGSE-LP (95.7 FM) is a low-power non-commercial radio station in Sebring, Florida, broadcasting to the Sebring area.	WGSE-LP	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bauang is a 1st Class urbanized municipality in the province of La Union, Philippines.	Bauang	La Union
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greek Revival First Presbyterian Church of Marcellus is located at the intersection of North Street (New York State Route 174) and East Main Street (also NY 174) in the village of Marcellus, New York, and is the oldest of four churches in the village.	First Presbyterian Church of Marcellus	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minor Glacier is in Bridger-Teton National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the west side of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range.	Minor Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walpole Town Hall is a historic town hall building at 972 Main Street in Walpole, Massachusetts, USA.	Walpole Town Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kham Karabad-e Galleh Tavak (Persian: خمكارابادگله توك‎, also Romanized as Kham Kārābād-e Galleh Tavak; also known as Kham Kārābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kham Karabad-e Galleh Tavak	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Principina Terra (Italian: (printʃiˈpiːna ˈtɛrra)) is a small town in southern Tuscany, a frazione of the comune of Grosseto.	Principina Terra	Grosseto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeanville is an area in the townland of Powerstown in the Barony of Gowran near Goresbridge, County Kilkenny.	Jeanville	County Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobhaniyeh (Persian: سبحانيه‎, also Romanized as Sobḩānīyeh; also known as Sebḩānī and Sobḩānī) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sobhaniyeh	Allah-o Akbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poncione del Vènn (or Poncione del Vanno) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Lavertezzo in the canton of Ticino.	Poncione del Vènn	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	PalaBarbuto, also known by its sponsorship name of PalaEldo, is an indoor sporting arena located in Naples, Italy.	PalaBarbuto	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakura is a small township in New Plymouth District, Taranaki, in the western North Island of New Zealand.	Oakura	New Plymouth District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bachman Lake is a small freshwater lake located in the Love Field neighborhood of northwest Dallas, Texas (USA).	Bachman Lake	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gehdich (Persian: گهديچ‎, also Romanized as Gehdīch; also known as Gahdīj, Gahīdīch, Gehdīj, and Geydīch) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gehdich	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hashemabad-e Soltani (Persian: هاشم ابادسلطاني‎, also Romanized as Hāshemābād-e Solţānī) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hashemabad-e Soltani	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fox Harb'r Golf Resort & Spa is a golf-focused resort in Fox Harbour, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Fox Harb'r Golf Resort & Spa	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Cardales is a village in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, belonging to Exaltación de la Cruz Partido, of which capital is Capilla del Señor.	Los Cardales	Exaltación de la Cruz Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morgongiori (Sardinian: Mragaxòri) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southeast of Oristano on the southern slopes of Monte Arci.	Morgongiori	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grover Hot Springs State Park is a state park of California, USA, containing natural hot springs on the eastern side of the Sierra Nevada.	Grover Hot Springs State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Harbour is a Class-A mixed-use development located at 3000 and 3050 K Street, N.W., in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Washington Harbour	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moshkuhi (Persian: مشكوهي‎, also Romanized as Moshkūhī; also known as Shokūhī) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Moshkuhi	Piveshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Izmailovo Hotel is a four-building hotel located in Izmaylovo District of Moscow, Russia.	Izmailovo Hotel	Izmaylovo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fowji (Persian: فوجي‎, also Romanized as Fowjī) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fowji	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowrni (Persian: جورني‎, also Romanized as Jowrnī; also known as Jornī) is a village in Baranduz Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jowrni	Baranduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamiołki-Świetliki (jaˈmjɔu̯ki ɕfjɛˈtliki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jamiołki-Świetliki	Gmina Sokoły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birk Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيرك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Mehrestan County, in Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Birk Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haddonfield Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade in Haddonfield, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Haddonfield Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubuque Regional Airport (IATA: DBQ, ICAO: KDBQ, FAA LID: DBQ) is eight miles southwest of Dubuque, a city in Dubuque County, Iowa.	Dubuque Regional Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muswell Hill is a suburb of north London, mostly in the London Borough of Haringey, with a small portion in the north of the suburb lying in the London Borough of Barnet.	Muswell Hill	London Borough of Haringey	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachalak (Persian: كچلك‎, also Romanized as Kechalak; also known as Kadzhlak, Keshlak, and Kichlek) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kachalak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieszczyce (ɲɛʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Nistitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nieszczyce	Gmina Rudna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Najeeban (also spelled Najib Yan) is a village in Panjwayi District, Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.	Najeeban	Panjwayi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lovering (French: Lac Lovering) is a lake located in the Memphrémagog Regional County Municipality of the Estrie region of Quebec, Canada.	Lake Lovering	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siyahtan (Persian: سياه تن‎, also Romanized as Sīyāhtan) is a village in Tulem Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siyahtan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namadgi National Park is a protected area in the south-west of the Australian Capital Territory, bordering Kosciuszko National Park in New South Wales.	Namadgi National Park	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacoa is a Department Corregimiento located in the Vaupés Department, Republic of Colombia its head town is the town of Buenos Aires.	Pacoa	Vaupés Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fengtai District (simplified Chinese: 丰台区; traditional Chinese: 豐台區; pinyin: Fēngtái Qū) is a district of the municipality of Beijing.	Fengtai District	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maliszew (maˈliʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Maliszew	Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Pedro de la Paz (Spanish pronunciation: (sam ˈpeðɾo ðe la pas)) is a Chilean city and commune located in the Concepción Province, Biobío Region.	San Pedro de la Paz	Concepción Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBVI (96.7 FM) is a commercially licensed radio station, broadcasting from Fostoria, Ohio, USA, but is marketed as a Findlay radio station.	WBVI	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hustopeče nad Bečvou is a market town in Přerov District of Olomouc, Czech Republic.	Hustopeče nad Bečvou	Přerov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southwest Holly Springs Historic District in Holly Springs, Mississippi is a 50-acre (20 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.	Southwest Holly Springs Historic District	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bren Hall, opened in April 2002, is located on the campus of University of California, Santa Barbara, located in Santa Barbara, California.	Bren Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stisted is a civil parish, Church of England parish, and former manor near Braintree, Essex, England.	Stisted	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brimmer and May School is an independent, pre-K-12 school located in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.	Brimmer and May School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Five Points (also L5P or LFP or Little Five) is a district on the east side of Atlanta, Georgia, United States, 2 1⁄2 miles (4.0 km) east of downtown.	Little Five Points	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Göd (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɡød)) is a small town in Pest County, Hungary.	Göd	Pest County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crook County Christian School, known as CCCS, is a private school affiliated with the Assembly of God in Prineville, Oregon, United States.	Crook County Christian School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rąty (ˈrɔntɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rąty	Gmina Somonino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marianopoli (Sicilian: Manchi) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Caltanissetta in the Italian region Sicily, located about 80 kilometres (50 miles) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres (12 miles) northwest of Caltanissetta.	Marianopoli	Province of Caltanissetta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toys Hill is a hamlet which lies within Brasted civil parish in the Sevenoaks district of Kent, England.	Toys Hill	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orlat (German: Winsberg; Hungarian: Orlát) is a commune in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania, at the foothills of the Cindrel Mountains, 17 km west of the county capital Sibiu, in the Mărginimea Sibiului ethnographic area.	Orlat	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shui Tau Tsuen (水头村) is a village in Kam Tin area, Yuen Long District, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Shui Tau Tsuen	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Irondequoit Bay Outlet Bridge is a bobtail swing truss bridge in the northeastern suburbs of Rochester, New York, in the United States.	Irondequoit Bay Outlet Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramacca (raˈmakka) is a comune (municipality) in a mountainous area in the Province of Catania in the Italian region of Sicily, located about 140 kilometres (87 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) southwest of Catania.	Ramacca	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calatrava la Nueva (Sacro convento-castillo de Calatrava la Nueva) is a medieval castle and convent found on the peak of Alacranejo, within the municipality of Aldea del Rey, near Almagro, in the province of Ciudad Real, Spain.	Calatrava la Nueva	Aldea del Rey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fourteenth Street Historic District is located in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington, D.C..	Fourteenth Street Historic District	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. A. G. Anderson House is a historic house at the junction of Duncan and Main Streets in Eudora, Arkansas.	Dr. A. G. Anderson House	Eudora
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makham Luang (Thai: มะขามหลวง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Pa Tong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Makham Luang	San Pa Tong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domyśl (ˈdɔmɨɕl) (German: Eggebrechtsmühle) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Domyśl	Gmina Czarne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motarzyn (mɔˈtaʐɨn) (German Muttrin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Motarzyn	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solubalm (Persian: سلوبلم‎, also Romanized as Solūbalm, Salū Balam, and Salūbalm; also known as Salūbam) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Solubalm	Shamil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hucisko Małokobielskie (xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ mawɔkɔˈbjɛlskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Hucisko Małokobielskie	Gmina Kobiele Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rongcheng District (simplified Chinese: 榕城区; traditional Chinese: 榕城區; pinyin: Róngchéng Qū) is a district under jurisdiction of Jieyang City, located in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong.	Rongcheng District	Jieyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abrahdar (Persian: ابره در‎, also Romanized as Abrehdar; also known as Ābardarreh, Abradar, and Abredar) is a village in Kharrazan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Abrahdar	Kharrazan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Sanam (Persian: كلاته صنم‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Şanam and Kalāteh Şanam; also known as Kalāteh-ye Nūr Moḩammad Shādī) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Sanam	Gol Banu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CFS Senneterre, initially called RCAF Station Senneterre prior to 1967, was a long-range radar and Ground Control Intercept station, part of the Pinetree Line radar defence network, situated 40 miles north of Val D'Or, Quebec.	CFS Senneterre	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estrella Sailport (FAA LID: E68) is a privately owned public-use glider airport located six nautical miles (7 mi, 11 km) west of the central business district of Maricopa, in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.	Estrella Sailport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huaibei (Chinese: 淮北; pinyin: Huáiběi) is a prefecture-level city in northern Anhui Province, China.	Huaibei	Anhui
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogdanów-Kolonia (bɔɡˈdanuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bogdanów-Kolonia	Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prior to Jun 2010 Sidi Yahya El Gharb was in Kénitra Province.	Sidi Yahya El Gharb	Kénitra Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goshute Mountains is a mountain range in southeastern Elko County, Nevada in the United States.	Goshute Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selsted is a hamlet in Kent, England.	Selsted	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorzędów (ɡɔˈʐɛnduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gorzędów	Gmina Kamieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delta Tau Delta Founders House is a historic home associated with Bethany College, at Bethany, Brooke County, West Virginia.	Delta Tau Delta Founders House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moordenaarsnek Pass, or just Moordenaarsnek (English: Murderer's Neck), is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the regional road R56, between Mount Fletcher and Maclear, Eastern Cape.	Moordenaarsnek	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duży Las (ˈduʐɨ ˈlas) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Duży Las	Gmina Przytyk
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRKK is a commercial AM radio station broadcasting from Rock Springs, Wyoming on 1360 kHz.	KRKK	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horní Slavkov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦorɲiː ˈslafkof); German: Schlaggenwald) is a town in Sokolov District, Karlovy Vary Region, Czech Republic.	Horní Slavkov	Sokolov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guangyuan (simplified Chinese: 广元; traditional Chinese: 廣元; pinyin: Gǔangyúan; Wade--Giles: Kuang-yüan) is a prefecture-level city in Sichuan Province, China.	Guangyuan	Sichuan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buttes New British Cemetery (New Zealand) Memorial is a World War I memorial, located in Buttes New British Cemetery, near the town of Zonnebeke, Belgium.	Buttes New British Cemetery (New Zealand) Memorial	Zonnebeke
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clachtoll (Scottish Gaelic: Clach Toll) is a coastal fishing and crofting village, situated on the Bay of Clachtoll, on the north western edge of Scotland, in the ancient parish of Assynt.	Clachtoll	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wade Avenue (western segment also known as Raleigh-Chapel Hill Expressway or Wade Avenue Extension) is a major road in the The Triangle region of North Carolina that links Interstate 40, Interstate 440 (Cliff Benson Beltline), and downtown Raleigh.	Wade Avenue	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riedlingen is a town in the district (Kreis) of Biberach, Baden-Württemberg, in the south-west of Germany.	Riedlingen	Biberach
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Criminals Hall of Fame Wax Museum was a wax museum on 5751 Victoria Avenue in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Criminals Hall of Fame	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrzypki Małe (ˈskʂɨpki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Skrzypki Małe	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hanover Tavern in Hanover Courthouse, Virginia and Hanover County, Virginia, is one of the oldest taverns in the United States.	Hanover Tavern	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tschingelhörner (also spelled Tschingelhoren) are a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and Graubünden.	Tschingelhörner	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geisenheim is a town in the Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hessen, Germany, and is known as Weinstadt (``Wine Town''), Schulstadt (``School Town''), Domstadt (``Cathedral Town'') and Lindenstadt (``Linden Tree Town'').	Geisenheim	Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mieleszki (mjɛˈlɛʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Mieleszki	Gmina Gródek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linqing (Chinese: 临清市; pinyin: Línqīng Shì) is a county-level city within the prefecture-level city of Liaocheng in western Shandong Province, China.	Linqing	Liaocheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anvil Hill Coal Mine is proposed for the upper Hunter Valley in New South Wales.	Anvil Hill Coal Mine	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk and within the Broads National Park.	Martham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudolfowo (rudɔlˈfɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rudolfowo	Gmina Działdowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lutomierz-Kolonia (luˈtɔmjɛʂ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoszowice, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lutomierz-Kolonia	Gmina Stoszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohuntine (Scottish Gaelic: Both Fhionndain) is a settlement located close to Roybridge, in Lochaber, within Highland, and is in the Scottish council area of Highland	Bohuntine	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borszyn Wielki (ˈbɔrʂɨn ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Borszyn Wielki	Gmina Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Östrum is a village in the southern part of the borough of Bad Salzdetfurth in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Östrum	Bad Salzdetfurth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Tankal (Persian: سرتنكال‎, also Romanized as Sar Tankāl; also known as Sar Tangāl and Sar Tang Kāl) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Tankal	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pudwągi (pudˈvɔnɡi) (German: Paudling) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pudwągi	Gmina Reszel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bibliothèque Saint-Jean (BSJ) is an academic and research library at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Bibliothèque Saint-Jean	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Russellville-Logan County Airport (FAA LID: 4M7) is a public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) southeast of the central business district of Russellville, a city in Logan County, Kentucky, United States.	Russellville-Logan County Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chulman (Russian: Чульман) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Neryungrinsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 41 kilometers (25 mi) from Neryungri, the administrative center of the district, on the Chulman River.	Chulman	Neryungrinsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDXA (106.3 FM, ``Alt 106.3'') is an alternative rock radio station serving the Des Moines, Iowa, area.	KDXA	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stage's Pond State Nature Preserve is a 178-acre nature preserve with ponds in Pickaway County, Ohio.	Stage's Pond State Nature Preserve	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kropstädt lies about 12 km northeast of Lutherstadt Wittenberg in the Fläming and is part of the Fläming Nature Park, which was opened in 2005.	Kropstädt	Lutherstadt Wittenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanfihangel Nant Brân is a small village lying next to the Nant Brân river in Powys, Wales about 12 km west of Brecon.	Llanfihangel Nant Brân	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Kaman (Persian: پيركمان‎, also Romanized as Pīr Kamān; also known as Pīr) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pir Kaman	Razliq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardaneh-ye Jenjan (Persian: گردنه جنجان‎, also Romanized as Gardaneh-ye Jenjān; also known as Jenjān, Jinjūn, and Lenjūn) is a village in Fahlian Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gardaneh-ye Jenjan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Sam Houston is a U.S. Army post in San Antonio, Texas.	Fort Sam Houston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Voiteg (German: Woiteg; Hungarian: Vejte) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Voiteg	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	As-e Qadim (Persian: اس قديم‎, also Romanized as Ās-e Qadīm; also known as Ās) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	As-e Qadim	Peyghan Chayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake St. Clair Metropark/Metro Beach Metropark is a 770-acre unit of the Huron-Clinton Metroparks system located roughly 20 miles (32 km) northeast of downtown Detroit, Michigan in Harrison Township, Macomb County.	Lake St. Clair Metropark	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rollstone Boulder is a ten-foot-tall, 110-ton porphyritic granite glacial erratic located on a traffic island in downtown Fitchburg, Massachusetts.	Rollstone Boulder	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Donner is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 15 km (9 mi) southeast of Gold River and 2 km (1 mi) north of Mount Kent-Urquhart.	Mount Donner	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Chal Rural District (Persian: دهستان دهچال‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Deh Chal Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bush Street Temple at 1881 Bush Street in San Francisco, California, is a State Landmark with historical significance to both the Orthodox Jewish community and to Buddhism in the United States.	Bush Street Temple	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyman-Gordon Grafton Plant, formerly known as Air Force Plant 63, is a plant of Wyman-Gordon located in North Grafton, Massachusetts.	Wyman-Gordon Grafton Plant	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tower Hill State Park is a state park of Wisconsin, United States, which contains the reconstructed Helena Shot Tower.	Tower Hill State Park	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valentine (formerly known as the Valentine Museum and then Valentine Richmond History Center) is a private museum in Richmond, Virginia dedicated to the history of the city.	The Valentine	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwalior district (Hindi: ग्वालियर जिला) is one of the 51 districts of Madhya Pradesh state in central India.	Gwalior district	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mikawomma Reserve is found in the suburb of Woodville Gardens on the corner of Liberty Grove & Ridley Grove in South Australia, Australia.	Mikawomma Reserve	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gachi Bolaghi-ye Sofla (Persian: گچي بلاغي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gachī Bolāghī-ye Soflá) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Gachi Bolaghi-ye Sofla	Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardnagrask (Scottish Gaelic: Àird nan Crasg) is a rural area near to Muir of Ord in Highland, Scotland.	Ardnagrask	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Tabar (Persian: محمدابادطبر‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Ţabar; also known as Moḩammadābād and Handavā) is a village in Tabar Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Tabar	Jolgeh Shoqan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	São José do Rio Preto (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w̃ ʒuˈzɛ du ʁiw ˈpɾetu)) is a municipality (cidade/município) in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	São José do Rio Preto	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghadirgah (Persian: غديرگه‎, also Romanized as Ghadīrgah) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ghadirgah	Rostaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	R.L. Stone House, also known as Ithica, is a historic estate located near Bassett, Henry County, Virginia.	R.L. Stone House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goldegg, also named Goldegg im Pongau, is a municipality in St. Johann im Pongau District, in the state of Salzburg in Austria.	Goldegg	St. Johann im Pongau District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church Preen is a dispersed hamlet and small civil parish in central Shropshire, England.	Church Preen	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tex Creek Wildlife Management Area at 34,000 acres (140 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Bonneville County east of Idaho Falls.	Tex Creek Wildlife Management Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Askot or Askote (Hindi: असकोट) is a small Himalayan town in Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand in India.	Askot	Pithoragarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodega Harbor is a small shallow natural harbor on the Pacific coast of northern California in the United States, approximately 40 mi (64 km) northwest of San Francisco.	Bodega Harbor	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silas Williams House, also known as the Edward Baker House, is a historic Queen Anne house in the city of Streator, Illinois.	Silas Williams House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crete-Monee High School is a secondary education facility located in Crete, Illinois, for about 1,600 teenagers in ninth through twelfth grade from Crete, Monee, Beecher, University Park, and Park Forest.	Crete-Monee High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Late in the administrative and military center in Changwon, South Gyeongsang Province and represents a capital.	Changwon	South Gyeongsang Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The city of Wetzlar, located in the state of Hesse, Germany, is a former Free imperial city that owed much of its fame to being the seat of the Imperial Supreme Court (Reichskammergericht) of the Holy Roman Empire.	Wetzlar	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wachusett Shirt Company is an historic building at 97-100 Water Street in Leominster, Massachusetts, USA.	Wachusett Shirt Company	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Everett City Hall is the name given to a building located in Everett, Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Everett City Hall	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Cap is a hill and cliff situated on the English Channel coast between Bridport and Charmouth in Dorset, England.	Golden Cap	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oregon State University (OSU) is a coeducational, public research university in the northwest United States, located in Corvallis, Oregon.	Oregon State University	Corvallis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butterwood Methodist Church and Butterwood Cemetery is a historic Methodist church and cemetery located at Blackstone, Dinwiddie County, Virginia.	Butterwood Methodist Church and Butterwood Cemetery	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vicus Tuscus (``Etruscan Street'' or ``Tuscan Street'') was an ancient street in the city of Rome, running southwest out of the Forum Romanum between the Basilica Iulia and the Temple of Castor and Pollux towards the Forum Boarium and Circus Maximus via the west side of the Palatine Hill and Velabrum.	Vicus Tuscus	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boulari Bay or Baie de Boulari is a bay in southwestern New Caledonia.	Boulari Bay	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qayeh Bolaghi (Persian: قيه بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Qayeh Bolāghī; also known as Kia Bulaq, Kiya Bulāq, and Qayeh Bolāgh) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qayeh Bolaghi	Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoppes at Montage is a shopping center in Moosic, Pennsylvania.	The Shoppes at Montage	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pizzo Pesciora (or Poncione di Pesciora) is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Ticino.	Pizzo Pesciora	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monnani (Tamil: மொன்னானி) is a village in Sivagangai District in the Indian State of Tamil Nadu.	Monnani	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danielów (daˈɲeluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Danielów	Gmina Kamieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vale of White Horse is a local government district of Oxfordshire in England.	Vale of White Horse	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Vertientes Private Nature Reserve (Reserva Natural Privada) is a Private Nature Reserve of Chile located in the Los Lagos Region, of Patagonia in southern Chile.	Las Vertientes Private Nature Reserve	Los Lagos Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashtelah-ye Olya (Persian: دشتله عليا‎, also Romanized as Dashtelah-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 75, in 16 families.	Dashtelah-ye Olya	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opaleniska (ɔpalɛˈɲiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisko Dolne, within Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Opaleniska	Gmina Grodzisko Dolne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gawrychy (ɡaˈvrɨxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gawrychy	Gmina Zbójna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Rosa Plateau is an upland plateau and southeastern extension of the Santa Ana Mountains in Riverside County, southern California.	Santa Rosa Plateau	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefidarak (Persian: سفيدارك‎, also Romanized as Sefīdārak and Sefīddārak) is a village in Hiv Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Sefidarak	Hiv Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkstown is a townland in County Tipperary in Ireland.	Parkstown	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bushwick School for Social Justice (BSSJ) is a small public high school in the neighborhood of Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York City, one of four schools currently occupying the Bushwick Campus.	Bushwick School for Social Justice	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gregorio Luperón High School for Math & Science (in Spanish: Secundaria Gregorio Luperón) is located in District 10 of the borough of Manhattan, New York, USA The school is named after General Gregorio Luperón a Dominican military and state leader.	Gregorio Luperón High School for Math & Science	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kowmung River (Aboriginal: Barnalay), a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.	Kowmung River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodangallu is a small locality in Moodabidri in the state of Karnataka, southwest India.	Kodangallu	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Constans Theatre is a performing arts venue located on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville, Florida.	Constans Theatre	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khunsa (Persian: خونسا‎, also Romanized as Khūnsā) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khunsa	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biercza (ˈbjɛrt͡ʂa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Biercza	Gmina Pszczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cumberland Valley is a northern constituent valley of the Great Appalachian Valley, within the Atlantic Seaboard watershed in Pennsylvania and Maryland.	Cumberland Valley	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCLB-FM is a commercial Mainstream rock radio station in Coachella, California, broadcasting to the Palm Springs, California, area on 93.7 FM.	KCLB-FM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silvermines, historically known as Bellagowan (Irish: Béal Átha Gabhann), is a village in County Tipperary in Ireland.	Silvermines	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guilden Sutton is a civil parish and village in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Guilden Sutton	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lynn English High School (LEHS) is a public high school located at 50 Goodridge Street in the eastern section of Lynn, Massachusetts.	Lynn English High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Noël Coward Theatre, formerly known as the Albery Theatre, is a West End theatre on St. Martin's Lane in the City of Westminster, London.	Noël Coward Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bear is a high, glaciated peak in the Saint Elias Mountains of Alaska.	Mount Bear	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Labpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 41 Bolpur (Lok Sabha constituency) (SC).	Labpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Bolpur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Barri is an archaeological site in north-eastern Syria in the Al-Hasakah Governorate.	Tell Barri	Al-Hasakah Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The People's Co-op Building at 151 E. State St. in Lehi, Utah was built during 1902-03.	People's Co-op Building	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sughanchi (Persian: سوغانچي ‎, also Romanized as Sūghānchī; also known as Mehmān Bolāghī) is a village in Varqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sughanchi	Varqeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvajeh Beyg (Persian: خواجه بيگ‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Beyg and Khvājeh Beyk) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Beyg	Bakharz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tenmile Range is a mountain range in U.S. state of Colorado.	Tenmile Range	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bam Sareh (Persian: بام ساره‎, also Romanized as Bām Sāreh) is a village in Hombarat Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bam Sareh	Hombarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North State Street Historic District is a nationally designated historic district in Monticello, Piatt County, Illinois.	North State Street Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eichenberg station is the only station in the municipality of Neu-Eichenberg in the German state of Hesse.	Eichenberg station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trąbin-Rumunki (ˈtrɔmbin ruˈmuŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzuze, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Trąbin-Rumunki	Gmina Brzuze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węsiory (vɛ̃ˈɕɔrɨ) (Kashubian: Wãsórë; German: Wensiorry) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Węsiory	Gmina Sulęczyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reading Hardware Company, also known as ``The Hardware,'' is a historic factory complex and national historic district located in Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Reading Hardware Company	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wępiły (vɛmˈpiwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wępiły	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hietalahdentori (Swedish: Sandvikens torg) is a square in Hietalahti in Helsinki, Finland.	Hietalahdentori	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Włodkowo (vwɔtˈkɔvɔ) (German: Sophienhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Włodkowo	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rideau-Goulbourn Ward is a city ward located in Ottawa, Ontario.	Rideau-Goulbourn Ward	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandray (Scottish Gaelic: Sanndraigh) is one of the Barra Isles in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.	Sandray	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lelice (lɛˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lelice	Gmina Gozdowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Cole Farm (also known as Intervale Farm) is an historic colonial farm on Reservoir Road in the far northeast of Cumberland, Rhode Island.	John Cole Farm	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tretower (Welsh: Tretŵr) is a hamlet in the community of Llanfihangel Cwmdu with Bwlch and Cathedine in the southern part of the county of Powys in Wales.	Tretower	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eruh (Kurdish: Dih‎) is a district of Siirt Province of Turkey.	Eruh	Siirt Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clorox Building is a 24-story, 100.6 m (330 ft) skyscraper in the City Center complex of downtown Oakland, California.	Clorox Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bulkley Junction Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the west side of the Skeena River opposite Hazelton.	Bulkley Junction Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Round Valley Airport (FAA LID: O09) is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) southwest of Covelo, serving Mendocino County, California, USA.	Round Valley Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKBQ (93.5 FM) is a country music radio station in Covington, Tennessee, and serving the Memphis, Tennessee area, owned by Covington Broadcasting Company.	WKBQ	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Le Sueur County Courthouse and Jail are in Le Center, Minnesota, United States.	Le Sueur County Courthouse and Jail	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cosmic Cavern is a limestone cave located in north Arkansas, near the town of Berryville, Arkansas.	Cosmic Cavern	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Queen of Peace is a historic church on FM 340 in Sweet Home, Lavaca County, Texas.	Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Queen of Peace	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The city is also the capital of the Province of Barcelona and the Barcelonès comarca (district).	Barcelona	Barcelonès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podgorica pri Črnučah (pronounced (ˈpoːdɡɔɾitsa pɾi tʃəɾˈnuːtʃax); German: Podgoritz) is a formerly independent settlement in the northern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Podgorica pri Črnučah	Ljubljana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOWB (90.9 FM; ``WOW 90.9'') is a radio station licensed to serve Brewton, Alabama, USA.	WOWB	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Terrace of the Leper King (or Leper King Terrace) (Khmer: ព្រះលានស្តេចគំលង់, Preah Learn Sdech Kunlung) is located in the northwest corner of the Royal Square of Angkor Thom, Cambodia.	Terrace of the Leper King	Angkor Thom
located in the administrative territorial entity	In its original form, the Gary Junction Road ran from Liebig bore in the Northern Territory to Callawa Station in Western Australia.	Gary Junction Road	Northern Territory	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	LentSpace is a temporary outdoor art space and sculpture garden located in Tribeca/West Village, Lower Manhattan, New York City.	LentSpace	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Žižkov Television Tower (Czech: Žižkovský vysílač) is a unique transmitter tower built in Prague between 1985 and 1992.	Žižkov Television Tower	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barratt's Chapel is a chapel located to the north of Frederica in Kent County, Delaware.	Barratt's Chapel	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skokowa (skɔˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Skokowa	Gmina Prusice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry M. Jackson Federal Building (JFB) is a 37-story United States Federal Government skyscraper in downtown Seattle, Washington.	Henry M. Jackson Federal Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mynydd Bach Trecastell is a hill on the border between the counties of Carmarthenshire and Powys in southwest Wales.	Mynydd Bach Trecastell	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Copley Square Hotel is a hotel in the Back Bay area of Boston, Massachusetts.	Copley Square Hotel	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area codes 610 and 484 are telephone area codes which serve the eastern and southeastern regions of Pennsylvania.	Area codes 610 and 484	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Innuitian Mountains are a mountain range in Canada's Arctic territories of Nunavut and the Northwest Territories.	Innuitian Mountains	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reading Standpipe was a historic water tower atop a hill near the corner of Auburn and Beacon Streets in Reading, Massachusetts.	Reading Standpipe	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rumbai at present is a district of Pekanbaru, Riau Province, Sumatra, Indonesia.	Rumbai	Pekanbaru
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dartut-e Rahim (Persian: دارتوت رحيم‎, also Romanized as Dārtūt-e Raḥīm; also known as Dārtūt) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dartut-e Rahim	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fall City Masonic Hall is a historic meeting hall located in Fall City, Washington.	Fall City Masonic Hall	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conant Brook Dam is located on Conant Brook in Monson, Massachusetts, about 7.4 miles (11.9 km) upstream from the confluence of Conant Brook and the Quaboag River.	Conant Brook Dam	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florin Mall was an indoor shopping mall located on Florin Road in the community of Florin in Sacramento, California.	Florin Mall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KALW is a public radio station based in San Francisco, California.	KALW	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saqdar (Persian: ساقدر‎, also Romanized as Sāqdar and Sagdar) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Saqdar	Shakhenat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Sidney Mount House is a wood sided and wood shingled house built in 1725 located in Stony Brook on Long Island, New York.	William Sidney Mount House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anela (Sardinian: Anèla) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian island region Sardinia, located about 140 kilometres (87 mi) north of Cagliari and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southeast of Sassari.	Anela	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Martinitoren (Dutch pronunciation: (mɑrtinitʊːrən); Martini or St. Martin's Tower) is the highest church steeple in the city of Groningen, Netherlands and the bell tower of the Martinikerk.	Martinitoren	Groningen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wieczfnia-Kolonia (ˈvjɛt͡ʂfɲa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wieczfnia-Kolonia	Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suchowice (suxɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Dürr Hartau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Suchowice	Gmina Borów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dakamavand-e Sofla (Persian: دكاموندسفلي‎, also Romanized as Dakāmavand-e Soflá) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dakamavand-e Sofla	Yusefvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barlow Common is a village in Derbyshire, England near Barlow and Chesterfield.	Barlow Common	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beacon Mountain, locally Mount Beacon, is the highest peak of the Hudson Highlands, located behind the City of Beacon, New York, in the Town of Fishkill.	Beacon Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wardija Tower (Maltese: Torri tal-Wardija), originally known as Torre della Guardia di Giorno and also known as Bubaqra Tower (Maltese: Torri ta' Bubaqra), is a small watchtower in the limits of Żurrieq, Malta.	Wardija Tower	Żurrieq
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yakima Indian Agency Building, also known as the Mary L. Goodrich Library and the Toppenish Historical Museum, is a building in Toppenish, Washington.	Yakima Indian Agency Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Near the cathedral Notre-Dame de Paris and the Place Maubert, between La Seine and Boulevard Saint-Germain Rue de la Bûcherie is one of the oldest Rive Gauche streets.	Rue de la Bûcherie	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Butler (Chinese: 畢拿山) is a 436 m high hill on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Mount Butler	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Macintyre River, a perennial river that forms part of the Border Rivers group, is part of the Barwon catchment of the Murray-Darling basin, located in the Northern Tablelands and North West Slopes regions of New South Wales, and the Southern Downs region of Queensland, Australia.	Macintyre River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vermilion Cliffs National Monument is located in Arizona, immediately south of the Utah state line.	Vermilion Cliffs National Monument	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karolcik Building, also known as the Perry Theater, is a historic commercial and theater building located at Perryopolis, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.	Karolcik Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Vernon Arsenal is a former arsenal site listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Mount Vernon, Alabama.	Mount Vernon Arsenal	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wantage (/ˈwɒntɪdʒ/) is a market town and civil parish in the Vale of the White Horse, Oxfordshire, England.	Wantage	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salmian (Persian: سلميان‎, also Romanized as Salmīān; also known as Soleymānābād) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Salmian	Bibi Sakineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angadipuram is a Town, an important pilgrimage center for Hindus located in Malappuram District of Kerala, southern India.	Angadipuram	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The White Mountains Wilderness is a wilderness area in the White Mountains of California, United States.	White Mountains Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brunswick Palace (German: Braunschweiger Schloss or Braunschweiger Residenzschloss) on the Bohlweg in the centre of the city of Brunswick (German: Braunschweig), was the residence of the Brunswick dukes from 1753 to 8 November 1918.	Brunswick Palace	Braunschweig
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taqi Sara (Persian: تقي سرا‎, also Romanized as Taqī Sarā; also known as Nāvehrūd and Taqī Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Taqi Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park Avenue Christian Church is located at 1010 Park Avenue at 85th Street, on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.	Park Avenue Christian Church	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słupca County (Polish: powiat słupecki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Słupca County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holbrook Square Historic District encompasses the historic institutional center of Holbrook, Massachusetts.	Holbrook Square Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Mauricie National Park (French: Parc national de la Mauricie) is located near Shawinigan, in the Laurentian mountains, in Mauricie, in the province of Québec, Canada.	La Mauricie National Park	Shawinigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rejvíz (Czech pronunciation: (ˈrɛjviːs); German: Reihwiesen) is the highest situated Silesian village in the Czech Republic (757 metres above sea level), and an administrative part of Zlaté Hory.	Rejvíz	Zlaté Hory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baseri Aqajan (Persian: باصري اقاجان‎, also Romanized as Bāşerī Āqājān and Bāserī Āqājān) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District, Sedeh District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Baseri Aqajan	Sedeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irving Mall is an enclosed American shopping mall located in Irving, Texas, at the intersection of Texas State Highway 183 (Airport Freeway) and Belt Line Road.	Irving Mall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gidgee Gold Mine is a gold mine in Western Australia, 82 km north of the town of Sandstone.	Gidgee Gold Mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inkpen is a village and civil parish in West Berkshire centred 3.5 miles (5.6 km) southeast of Hungerford, most of the land of which is cultivated fields with scattered woodland which was once part of a former forest known as Savernake.	Inkpen	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flint Mountain (Welsh: Mynydd Y Fflint) is a small village seated in Flintshire, North Wales, approximately 12 miles west of the city of Chester, mid-way between Mold and Flint, and situated just off junction 33 of the A55 North Wales Expressway.	Flint Mountain	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leighton Library, or Bibliotheca Leightoniana, in The Cross, Dunblane, is the oldest purpose built library in Scotland.	Leighton Library	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cleveland National Air Show is an annual air show held on Labor Day weekend at Burke Lakefront Airport in Cleveland, Ohio.	Cleveland National Air Show	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakolak (Persian: كاكلك‎, also Romanized as Kākolak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kakolak	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adam-ondi-Ahman (/ædəm ɑːndaɪ ɑːmən/, sometimes clipped to Diahman) is a historic site in Daviess County, Missouri about five miles south of Jameson.	Adam-ondi-Ahman	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walkowice (valkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Walkowice	Gmina Czarnków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avianca Flight 52 was a regularly scheduled flight from Bogotá to New York, via Medellín that crashed on January 25, 1990, at 21:34 (UTC−05:00).	Avianca Flight 52	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maxim Gorky Literature Institute (Russian: Литературный институт им. А. М. Горького) is an institution of higher education in Moscow.	Maxim Gorky Literature Institute	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liping County (Chinese: wikt:黎平县; pinyin: Lípíng Xiàn) is a county-level administrative district in southwestern China, part of the Qiandongnan Miao and Dong Autonomous Prefecture within the Guizhou province.	Liping County	Qiandongnan Miao and Dong Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunlock State Park is a state park of Utah, USA, adjoining a 266-acre (108 ha) reservoir.	Gunlock State Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Factory was the name of Andy Warhol's New York City studio, which had three different locations between 1962 and 1984.	The Factory	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarchowo (skarˈxɔvɔ) (German: Scharchow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Skarchowo	Gmina Kamień Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollingwood is a small village approximately four miles north east of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England.	Hollingwood	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świdniki (ɕfidˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Świdniki	Gmina Miączyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swillington is a village and civil parish near Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough.	Swillington	Leeds	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peebles Island State Park is a 191-acre (0.77 km2) state park located at the confluence of the Mohawk and Hudson rivers in New York State.	Peebles Island State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirugudi (Tamil: சிறுகுடி) is a village located in Natham Taluk in dindigul District, Tamil Nadu State, India.	Sirugudi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcatraz Island is located in the San Francisco Bay, 1.5 miles (2.4 km) offshore from San Francisco, California, United States.	Alcatraz Island	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puczyce (puˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Puczyce	Gmina Platerów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capital Gate is a skyscraper in Abu Dhabi adjacent to the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre designed with a striking lean.	Capital Gate	Abu Dhabi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Gelal (Persian: سياه گلال‎‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Gelāl) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Siah Gelal	Jelogir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sudogda River (Russian: Судогда) is a river in the Vladimir Oblast of Russia, a right tributary of the Klyazma.	Sudogda River	Vladimir Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delikipos (Greek: Δελίκηπος) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, located 4 km west of Kornos.	Delikipos	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Luisenstadt Canal, or Luisenstädtischer Kanal, is a 2.3-kilometre (1.4 mi) long former canal in Berlin, Germany.	Luisenstadt Canal	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hakimabad, Zahedan (Persian: حکیم‌آباد‎) is a village in Hormak Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hakimabad, Zahedan	Hormak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szosa Sępoleńska (ˈʂɔsa sɛmpɔˈlɛɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Szosa Sępoleńska	Gmina Tuchola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razakan Rural District (Persian: دهستان رزكان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Shahriar County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Razakan Rural District	Tehran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Zorayda (also known as the Zorayda Castle) is a house at 83 King Street in St. Augustine, Florida.	Villa Zorayda	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zampaya is a small location in the La Paz Department in Bolivia situated in the Copacabana Municipality, the first municipal section of the Manco Kapac Province.	Zampaya	Copacabana Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arera Colony is one of the largest residential areas in Bhopal which is the capital of Madhya Pradesh.	Arera Colony	Bhopal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peover Inferior is a civil parish in the Borough of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Peover Inferior	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Nil (Persian: چشمه نيل‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Nīl) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Nil	Kongor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murray-Sunset National Park is the second largest national park in Victoria, Australia, located in the Mallee district in the northwestern corner of the state, bordering South Australia.	Murray-Sunset National Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMSU (92.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Starkville, Mississippi, USA with a Rhythmic contemporary format.	WMSU	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darakuyeh (Persian: داراكويه‎, also Romanized as Dārākūyeh and Dārkūyeh; also known as Darāku, Dārākubeh, and Deh Kooyeh) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District, Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darakuyeh	Qarah Bulaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noć (nɔt͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Noć	Gmina Wierzbinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolingbroke Castle is a ruined castle in Bolingbroke (or Old Bolingbroke) Lincolnshire, England.	Bolingbroke Castle	Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dreamworld Corroboree is a collection of wildlife attractions at the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Dreamworld Corroboree	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smardzko (ˈsmart͡skɔ) (German Simmatzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Smardzko	Gmina Świdwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ant Flat Ranger Station is a National Registered Historic Place located 2 miles south of Fortine, Montana in Kootenai National Forest.	Ant Flat Ranger Station	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McHenry Dam is the only dam on the Fox River (Illinois, USA) that is served by a lock system.	McHenry Dam	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norview High School is a public high school in central Norfolk, Virginia.	Norview High School	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appleby College is an international independent school (grades 7-12) located in Oakville, Ontario, Canada, founded in 1911 by John Guest, a former Headmaster of the Preparatory School at Upper Canada College.	Appleby College	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Đevrske (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђеврске) is a village located in Kistanje municipality, 10 km southwest of Kistanje, in the continental part of Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia.	Đevrske	Kistanje
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Biedenharn Museum and Gardens is a home museum and botanical garden located beside the Ouachita River at 2006 Riverside Drive in Monroe in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, USA.	Biedenharn Museum and Gardens	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pastura, New Mexico is a small, unincorporated community on New Mexico Highway 54, approximately equidistant between Santa Rosa and Vaughn in Guadalupe County.	Pastura, New Mexico	Guadalupe County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monboddo House (56.89°N 02.42°W) is a historically famous mansion in The Mearns, Scotland.	Monboddo House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockford East High School is a comprehensive four year high school in Rockford, Illinois.	Rockford East High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rutevac (Serbian: Рутевац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia.	Rutevac	Aleksinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	MedStar Good Samaritan Hospital is a member of MedStar Health, a not-for-profit community-based network of nine hospitals and other providers serving Maryland and the Washington, D.C. region.	MedStar Good Samaritan Hospital	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Feltville Historic District, located in the Watchung Reservation in Berkeley Heights, Union County, New Jersey, United States, is a historic area which contains several buildings dating to the 18th century.	Feltville Historic District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Booth Homestead, also called the Booth Home Place, is located at 8433 Wheeling Township Road in Guernsey County, Ohio, United States.	Booth Homestead	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bradbury Science Museum is the chief public facility of Los Alamos National Laboratory, located at 1350 Central Avenue in Los Alamos, New Mexico, in the United States.	Bradbury Science Museum	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahavis (Persian: نهاويس‎, also Romanized as Nahāvīs and Nahawis; also known as Nabawais and Nakhavais) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Nahavis	Sojas Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasemabad-e Sarui (Persian: قاسم ابادساروئي‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Sārū’ī; also known as Qāsemābād, Sārū'', Sārū’ī, and Sārū’īyeh) is a village in Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qasemabad-e Sarui	Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 7th Street Theatre is a theatre in downtown Hoquiam, Washington.	7th Street Theatre	Hoquiam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sari Guni (Persian: ساري گوني‎, also Romanized as Sarī Gūnī; also known as Sar Gūnī) is a village in Sahandabad Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sari Guni	Sahandabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capri Leone (Sicilian: Capri Liuni) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) east of Palermo and about 70 kilometres (43 mi) west of Messina.	Capri Leone	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	DuPage Airport (IATA: DPA, ICAO: KDPA, FAA LID: DPA) is a general aviation airport located 29 miles (47 km) west of downtown Chicago in West Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois.	DuPage Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Szelężna (ˈvulka ʂɛˈlɛ̃ʐna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Szelężna	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Squirrel Hill Site is an archaeological site in northeastern Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Squirrel Hill Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giebichenstein Castle (German: Burg Giebichenstein) is a castle in Halle (Saale) in Saxony-Anhalt.	Giebichenstein Castle	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnert Hospital was a 236-bed hospital located on Broadway in the Eastside section of Paterson, New Jersey that operated for 99 years.	Barnert Hospital	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeocomico Church is an historic Episcopal church in Westmoreland County in the U.S. state of Virginia.	Yeocomico Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boukaïs (Arabic: ﻳﺲ ﺑﻮﻗﺎ‎) is a town and commune in Lahmar District, Béchar Province, in western Algeria.	Boukaïs	Lahmar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valluvar Kottam (Tamil: வள்ளுவர் கோட்டம்) is a popular monument in Chennai, India which is dedicated to the classical Tamil poet, philosopher and saint Thiruvalluvar.	Valluvar Kottam	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Karteh (Persian: چم كرته‎, also Romanized as Cham Kerteh; also known as Chamkarda) is a village in Dorunak Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham Karteh	Dorunak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnawa Rzepińska (tarˈnava ʐɛˈpiɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Torzym, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Tarnawa Rzepińska	Gmina Torzym
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clowhom River is a short, 19.8-kilometre (12.3 mi) river in British Columbia.	Clowhom River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goring Heath is a hamlet and civil parish in the Chiltern Hills in South Oxfordshire.	Goring Heath	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chukchansi Gold Resort & Casino is located just off of State Route 41 in Coarsegold, California, between Fresno and Yosemite National Park.	Chukchansi Gold Resort & Casino	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spanish Oak Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country, located southwest from the town of Newland.	Spanish Oak Mountain	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niniew (ˈniɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocz, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Niniew	Gmina Chocz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kensington Terrace was a proposed 56,000-square-foot (5,200 m2) mixed-use development project in the Kensington neighborhood of San Diego, California.	Kensington Terrace	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake District, also known as The Lakes or Lakeland, is a mountainous region in North West England.	Lake District	North West England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fairfax County Public Schools system (abbreviated FCPS) is a school division in the U.S. commonwealth of Virginia.	Fairfax County Public Schools	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siletz Bay National Wildlife Refuge is a U.S. National Wildlife Refuge on Oregon's coast.	Siletz Bay National Wildlife Refuge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starogród Górny (staˈrɔɡrut ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Starogród Górny	Gmina Chełmno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The F. L. Ames Gardener's Cottage is a small residential house in North Easton, Massachusetts.	F. L. Ames Gardener's Cottage	Easton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millbrook School is a private, coeducational preparatory school located in Dutchess County, New York, USA.	Millbrook School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Panathenaic Stadium (Greek: Παναθηναϊκό στάδιο), also known as the Kallimármaro (Καλλιμάρμαρο, meaning the ``beautifully marbled''), is a multi-purpose stadium used for several events and athletics in Athens.	Panathenaic Stadium	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angelo State University is a public, coeducational, doctoral-level, degree-granting university located in San Angelo, Texas, United States.	Angelo State University	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ginásio Chico Neto, officially named Centro Esportivo Francisco Bueno Neto, is an indoor sporting arena located in Maringá, Brazil.	Ginásio Chico Neto	Maringá
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Croajingolong National Park is a coastal national park located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Croajingolong National Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelayeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كلايه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kelāyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kelayeh-ye Sofla	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiltsi is a small borough in Väike-Maarja Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.	Kiltsi	Väike-Maarja Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nema Huni (Persian: نماهوني‎, also Romanized as Nemā Hūnī) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nema Huni	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museum Folkwang is a major collection of 19th- and 20th-century art in Essen, Germany.	Museum Folkwang	Essen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Springfield Interchange, also known as the Mixing Bowl, is the interchange of Interstate 95, Interstate 395, and Interstate 495 in Springfield, Virginia, outside of Washington, D.C. The interchange is located at exit 57 on the Capital Beltway and exit 170 on I-95.	Springfield Interchange	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyakhavichy District (Belarusian: Ляхавіцкі раён, Russian: Ляховичский район) is an administrative subdivision, a raion of Brest Region, in Belarus.	Lyakhavichy District	Brest Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takhteh Ha (Persian: تخته ها‎, also Romanized as Takhteh Hā and Takhtehhā) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District, Rudehen District, Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Takhteh Ha	Mehrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shilman (Persian: شيلمان‎, also Romanized as Shīlmān; also known as Shalmān) is a village in Nanur Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shilman	Nanur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rim Rock Drive is a scenic road in Colorado National Monument.	Rim Rock Drive	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunboyne (Irish: Dún Búinne, meaning ``Búinne's stronghold'') is a town in County Meath, Ireland.	Dunboyne	County Meath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crow Flies High State Recreation Area is a day-use state park in Mountrail County, North Dakota, west of the community of New Town.	Crow Flies High State Recreation Area	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izamal (Spanish (isama'l) ) is a small city in the Mexican state of Yucatán, 72 km (about 40 miles) east of state capital Mérida, in southern Mexico.	Izamal	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bendeleben is the highest peak in the Bendeleben Mountains of the Seward Peninsula in Nome Census Area, Alaska, United States.	Mount Bendeleben	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyrąb (ˈvɨrɔmp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wyrąb	Gmina Sokołów Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	In July 1719 Lövstabruk, along with most other locations of economic importance along the eastern coast of Uppland from Norrtälje to Harnäs bruk just south of Gävle, were burnt down by the northern half of a Russian fleet in an attempt by the Czar to move forward with the peace negotiations that were stalled by Sweden.	Lövstabruk	Uppland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner Midnight Sun Run is a ten kilometer road running event, held annually since 1983 in Fairbanks, Alaska, that attracts participants from across the United States and Canada.	Midnight Sun Run	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pillar Falls is a waterfall near Twin Falls, Idaho.	Pillar Falls	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawkchurch is village and civil parish in Devon, England, 3 miles north east of Axminster on the border of Devon and Dorset, and about 6 miles south of Somerset.	Hawkchurch	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McAlester Arboretum (4 acres) is an arboretum located in McAlester Park (Peace Park) at the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri, USA.	McAlester Arboretum	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern Sociological Society (SSS) was established in 1935 by a group of colleagues in Knoxville, Tennessee in an organizational meeting April 20--21.	Southern Sociological Society	Knoxville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deer Prairie Creek Preserve is a 6,439-acre (26.06 km2) natural area with 70 miles of trail in Venice, Florida, USA, around six miles along the Myakka River.	Deer Prairie Creek Preserve	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jawty Małe (ˈjaftɨ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Jauth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jawty Małe	Gmina Susz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaynor McCown Expeditionary Learning School (often referred to as Gaynor McCown ELS, or simply McCown) is a public school located in the New Springville section of Staten Island, New York.	Gaynor McCown Expeditionary Learning School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nur ol Arash (Persian: نورالعرش‎, also Romanized as Nūr ol ``Arash) is a village in Khorgam Rural District, Khorgam District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Nur ol Arash	Khorgam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uszyce (uˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German Uschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Uszyce	Gmina Gorzów Śląski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turznice (tuʐˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Turznice	Gmina Grudziądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardeh Sareh (Persian: برده سره‎, also Romanized as Bardeh Sar, Bard-e Sareh, and Bard Sareh) is a village in Bardesareh Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bardeh Sareh	Bardesareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Ronde Community is an Indian reservation located on several non-contiguous sections of land in southwestern Yamhill County and northwestern Polk County, Oregon, United States, about 18 miles (29 km) east of Lincoln City, near the community of Grand Ronde.	Grand Ronde Community	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Penn Senior High School is a large, urban, public high school serving the City of York, Pennsylvania in York County, Pennsylvania.	William Penn Senior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaharlyk (Ukrainian: Кагарлик) is a town in Kiev Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Kaharlyk	Kiev Oblast	Ukraine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Hadavand (Persian: دره هداوند‎, also Romanized as Darreh Ḩadāvand and Darreh-ye Ḩadāvand) is a village in Zhan Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Hadavand	Zhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Converse House and Barn are a historic residential property at 185 Washington Street in Norwich, Connecticut.	Converse House and Barn	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Golestan (Persian: شهرك گلستان‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Golestān) is a village in Derak Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Golestan	Derak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waaxens (West Frisian: Waaksens) is a village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands, with a population of around 35.	Waaxens	Dongeradeel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape Final Trail is a hiking trail on the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park, located in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Cape Final Trail	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadium Mackay, currently known as its sponsored name Virgin Australia Stadium, is a rectangular football stadium situated in Mackay, Queensland, Australia.	Stadium Mackay	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkpatrick Durham is a village and parish in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland.	Kirkpatrick Durham	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirza Ali Bahram Beygi (Persian: ميرزاعلي بهرام بيگي‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā ʿAlī Bahrām Beygī; also known as Sartol (Persian: سرتل ) and Sar Tall and Sartol) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mirza Ali Bahram Beygi	Pataveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mambalam is a residential and commercial area in the heart of Chennai (Madras), India.	Mambalam	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohnsdorf is a district in the borough Treptow-Köpenick of Berlin, Germany.	Bohnsdorf	Treptow-Köpenick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żery-Pilaki (ˈʐɛrɨ piˈlaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Żery-Pilaki	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seydgah-e Haviq (Persian: صيدگاه حويق‎, also Romanized as Şeydgāh-e Ḩavīq) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Seydgah-e Haviq	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildwood Catholic High School is a co-educational four-year Catholic high school in North Wildwood, New Jersey, United States.	Wildwood Catholic High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sagàs is a small town and municipality located in Catalonia, in the comarca of Berguedà.	Sagàs	Berguedà
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parumi Hajji Heydar (Persian: پرومي حاجي حيدر‎, also Romanized as Parūmī Ḩājjī Ḩeydar; also known as Bārūmī, Borūmī, Pārūmī, and Pārūmīg) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Parumi Hajji Heydar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arcus Novus was an ancient arch in Rome, located on the Via lata (now the Via del Corso ), at the site of the church of Santa Maria in Via Lata.	Arcus Novus	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flinders Ranges are the largest mountain range in South Australia, which starts about 200 km (125 mi) north of Adelaide.	Flinders Ranges	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nabróż (ˈnabruʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nabróż	Gmina Łaszczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okay High School is a high school located in Okay, Oklahoma.	Okay High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papadindar-e Olya (Persian: پاپاديندارعليا‎‎, also Romanized as Pāpādīndār-e ʿOlyā) is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Papadindar-e Olya	Keshvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lishak (Persian: ليشك‎, also Romanized as Līshak) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lishak	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ja``arah is a village in eastern Yemen. It is located in the Hadhramaut Governorate.	Ja``arah	Hadhramaut Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kezbin (Persian: كزبين‎, also Romanized as Kez̄bīn) is a village in Qurigol Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kezbin	Qurigol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aineh Deh (Persian: ايينه ده‎, also Romanized as Ā’īneh Deh and Āyneh Deh; also known as ``Ainadeh and Aynadei) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District, Amarlu District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 54 families.	Aineh Deh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linganore High School is an American high school located in Frederick County, Maryland.	Linganore High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanbaku Kar-e Ali (Persian: تنباكوكارعلي‎, also Romanized as Tanbākū Kār-e ʿAlī; also known as Tanbākū Kār-e Yek) is a village in Margha Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tanbaku Kar-e Ali	Margha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bank junction is a major road junction in the City of London, the historic and financial centre of London, at which nine streets converge on an area where traffic is controlled by traffic lights and give-way lines.	Bank junction	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLQP is a 25,000 watt commercial FM radio station which operates on 92.1 mhz with an antenna 91 meters height above average terrain from Madison, Minnesota (with a remote studio in Dawson, Minnesota).	KLQP	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svedala Municipality (Svedala kommun) is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden, just southeast of Malmö.	Svedala Municipality	Skåne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Flagler (formerly West Little Havana) is a neighborhood in Miami, Florida, United States, bisected by Flagler Street.	West Flagler	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuzhur is a small village in the southern end of Thrissur district of the Indian province of Kerala.	Kuzhur	Thrissur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Star Barn Complex, also known as the John Motter Barn and Outbuildings and ``Walnut Hill,'' is a historic farm outbuilding complex located at Lower Swatara Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania.	Star Barn Complex	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cume da Fajã do Belo is a mountain in the north of the island of São Jorge Island in the Azores.	Cume da Fajã do Belo	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The site of Montgomery Block is now registered as a California Historical Landmark.	Montgomery Block	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzeżęcin-Pole (ʐɛˈʐɛnt͡ɕin ˈpɔlɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rzeżęcin-Pole	Gmina Morzeszczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBUN-FM (104.5 FM, ``Sports Radio FM 104.5 The Fan'') is a sports radio station based in Bemidji, Minnesota, licensed to nearby Blackduck, Minnesota.	KBUN-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crailinghall is a village near Oxnam in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, in the former Roxburghshire.	Crailinghall	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reseda High School, established in 1955, is located in the Reseda section of the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California, USA.	Reseda High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Ana Mountains are a short peninsular mountain range along the coast of Southern California in the United States.	Santa Ana Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnów-Towarzystwo (ˈt͡ʂarnuf tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czarnów-Towarzystwo	Gmina Leszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenland High School is a comprehensive four-year public secondary school in Greenland, Arkansas, United States.	Greenland High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erith School (formerly Erith Grammar School) is a large mixed bilateral secondary school and sixth form in Erith in the London Borough of Bexley for students aged 11 to 18.	Erith School	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idylwyld Drive (/ˈaɪdəlwaɪld/ EYE-del-wild) is an arterial road in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.	Idylwyld Drive	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richard Arthur Field (FAA LID: M95) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) northeast of the central business district of Fayette, a city in Fayette County, Alabama, United States.	Richard Arthur Field	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adinan (Persian: آدينان‎, also Romanized as Ādīnān) is a village in Saheb Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Adinan	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sezarud (Persian: سزرود‎, also Romanized as Sezarūd and Sezā Rūd) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sezarud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethany University was a four-year private Christian university located in Scotts Valley, California in Santa Cruz County.	Bethany University	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Baath Stadium (Arabic: ملعب البعث‎) is a multi-purpose stadium located in Jableh, Syria.	Al-Baath Stadium	Jableh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itajubá is a municipality in southeastern Minas Gerais state of the Federative Republic of Brazil.	Itajubá	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The KWCH Tower is a 1,501 foot high guy-wired aerial mast for the transmission of TV programs and FM in Burrton, Kansas, USA (Geographical coordinates: 38°03′38``N 97°45′50''W).	KWCH Tower	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Hammzeh (Persian: ده حمزه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩammzeh and Deh-e Ḩamzeh) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh-e Hammzeh	Ab Barik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przesieczany (pʂɛɕɛˈt͡ʂanɨ) (German: Hohkirch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the German border.	Przesieczany	Gmina Zgorzelec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javzar (Persian: جوزر‎; also known as Kānlī Bābā Tappehsī) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Javzar	Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tung Lo Wan Road (Chinese: 銅鑼灣道) is a road in Causeway Bay and Tai Hang on the north side of Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Tung Lo Wan Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legacy Tower (formerly Bausch & Lomb Place) is a skyscraper located in Rochester, New York.	Bausch & Lomb Place	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fredericton Railway Bridge is a former railway bridge in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada now used to carry pedestrians and cyclists.	Fredericton Railway Bridge	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnson County Executive Airport (IATA: OJC, ICAO: KOJC, FAA LID: OJC) is a public airport located four miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district (CBD) of Olathe, a city in Johnson County, Kansas, USA.	Johnson County Executive Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roberts Mountains are located in central Nevada in the western United States.	Roberts Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	It was created in 1860 from the districts of Rauland in Vinje and Øyfjell in Lårdal as a border adjustment.	Rauland	Vinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telkwice (tɛlkˈfit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Telkwice	Gmina Stary Targ
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hana Shur (Persian: حناشور‎, also Romanized as Ḩanā Shūr; also known as Hina Shūr, Hīneh Shūr, Hinshoor, and Honīshūr) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, Shonbeh and Tasuj District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Hana Shur	Tasuj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budziszki (buˈd͡ʑiʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budziszki	Gmina Stary Lubotyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	As of 2013 the Cline Shale, also referred to as the ``Wolfcamp/Cline Shale'', the ``Lower Wolfcamp Shale,'', or the ``Spraberry-Wolfcamp shale'', or even the ``Wolfberry'', is a promising Pennsylvanian oil play east of Midland, Texas which underlies 10 counties:	Cline Shale	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herodsfoot is a village in southeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Herodsfoot	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Key School is an independent coeducational school, located in the neighborhood of Hillsmere Shores in Annapolis, Maryland.	The Key School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burry Port (Welsh: Porth Tywyn) is a small town five miles (8 km) outside the larger centre of Llanelli in Carmarthenshire, Wales, lying on the Loughor estuary.	Burry Port	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandakan Division is an administrative division of Sabah, East Malaysia, on the island of Borneo.	Sandakan Division	Sabah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karreh Bas (Persian: كره بس‎, also Romanized as Kareh Bas; also known as Qarābast and Qareh Bast) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Karreh Bas	Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 7 Salem Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts is a transitional Greek Revival/Italianate style house built c. 1855-57.	House at 7 Salem Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cernica is a commune in the southeast part of Ilfov County, Romania, with a population of 9,425 as of 2002.	Cernica	Ilfov County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Aseman (Persian: چم اسمان‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Āsemān and Cham Asmān) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District, Bagh-e Bahadoran District, Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Cham-e Aseman	Zirkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Atchafalaya Floodway is a flood control structure of the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project located in the Lower Atchafalaya Basin in south-central Louisiana.	West Atchafalaya Floodway	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carnegie Building is the current home of the Cognitive Science Department at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York.	Carnegie Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuba City Airport (IATA: TBC, FAA LID: T03) is a public-use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) west of the central business district of Tuba City, in Coconino County, Arizona, United States.	Tuba City Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapel Lawn is a small village in southwest Shropshire, England, located within the Redlake Valley, some three miles south of the small, historic town of Clun.	Chapel Lawn	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dutchess Quarry Cave Site is located along NY 17A in the Town of Goshen in Orange County, New York.	Dutchess Quarry Cave Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liz Christy Garden is a community garden located at the intersection of the Bowery and Houston Street in Manhattan on New York City Parks Department land.	Liz Christy Garden	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gudi Ewlar (Persian: گودي اولر‎‎, also Romanized as Gūdī Owlar) is a village in Heyran Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gudi Ewlar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fairbanks Summer Arts Festival is an annual arts festival held in Fairbanks, Alaska on the campus of University of Alaska Fairbanks.	Fairbanks Summer Arts Festival	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leyli Yadegar (Persian: ليلي يادگار‎, also Romanized as Leylī Yādegār; also known as Laleh Yādegār) is a village in Solgi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Leyli Yadegar	Solgi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saidapet is a neighbourhood in Chennai (Madras), India.	Saidapet	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieszeniewo (t͡ɕɛʂɛˈɲɛvɔ) (German: Ziezeneff) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Cieszeniewo	Gmina Świdwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Dominion University Fieldhouse was a 5,200 seat multi-purpose arena in Norfolk, Virginia.	Old Dominion University Fieldhouse	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straits State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Michigan located in St. Ignace, Mackinac County, on the northern shore of the Straits of Mackinac.	Straits State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostolné Kračany (Hungarian: Egyházkarcsa, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈɛɟhaːzkɒrtʃɒ)) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Kostolné Kračany	Dunajská Streda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hentland is a hamlet and civil parish about 5 miles (8 km) north-west of Ross-on-Wye in Herefordshire, England Hentland itself is very small and often missed off maps of the area.	Hentland	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rainbow Pool was a reflecting pool located on the National Mall in Washington D.C., USA.	Rainbow Pool	Washington D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Âouinet Bel Egrâ (also known as Aouinet Bélagraa) is a village in the commune of Tindouf, in Tindouf Province, Algeria.	Âouinet Bel Egrâ	Tindouf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Talekh (Persian: چاه تلخ‎, also Romanized as Chāh Talekh; also known as Ḩasanābād and Chahtālkh) is a village in Azari Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah Talekh	Azari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rasfijan (Persian: راسفيجان‎, also Romanized as Rāsfījān) is a village in Rudshur Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Rasfijan	Rudshur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mandarin Store and Post Office, officially known as the Mandarin Museum and also known as the Walter Jones Store and Post Office Museum, is a historic site in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.	Mandarin Store and Post Office	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 535 (FM 535) is a 33.4-mile (53.8 km) state-maintained roadway located in Bastrop County in the US State of Texas that is a part of the state's Farm to Market Road system.	Farm to Market Road 535	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshkaft-e Shiri (Persian: اشكفت شيري‎, also Romanized as Eshkaft-e Shīrī; also known as Eshgaft-e Shīrī) is a village in Lishtar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Eshkaft-e Shiri	Lishtar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takhtabad (Persian: تخت اباد‎, also Romanized as Takhtābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Takhtabad	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parig-e Tariqi (Persian: پاريگ طريقي‎‎, also Romanized as Pārīg-e Ţarīqī) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Parig-e Tariqi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosny (ˈkɔsnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kosny	Gmina Głowaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayes Volcano is a stratovolcano in southwestern Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska, 135 km northwest of Anchorage, that was not discovered until 1975.	Hayes Volcano	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feriz Nuk (Persian: فريزنوك‎, also Romanized as Ferīz Nūk, Ferīznūk, Fīrīznuk, and Fīrūznok) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Feriz Nuk	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robinson Forest is a research, education, and extension forest owned by the University of Kentucky and managed by the Department of Forestry in the College of Agriculture, Food, and Environment.	Robinson Forest	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilchi-ye Bala (Persian: ايلچي بالا‎‎, also Romanized as Īlchī-ye Bālā; also known as Īlchī) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ilchi-ye Bala	Deh Tall Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liliopol (liˈljɔpɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Liliopol	Gmina Dąbrowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahvankari is a small uninhabited island in the Finnish sector of the Bay of Bothnia offshore from the city of Oulu.	Kahvankari	Oulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yung Shue Au (Chinese: 榕樹凹) is a Hakka village and the name of the surrounding area located in northeast the New Territories, Hong Kong.	Yung Shue Au	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	HTC Center, originally known as the Student Recreation and Convocation Center, is a 3,370-seat multi-purpose arena located on the campus of Coastal Carolina University in Conway, South Carolina.	HTC Center	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaz Azar (Persian: گزازار‎, also Romanized as Gaz Āzār; also known as Gaz Āzār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gaz Azar	Rahdar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewickie-Kolonia (lɛˈvit͡skʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Lewickie-Kolonia	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itapecerica is a municipality located in the center of the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Itapecerica	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagodnica (jaɡɔdˈɲit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jagodnica	Gmina Leśna Podlaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Philadelphia Marathon (aka the Philadelphia Independence Marathon), founded in 1954, is an annual marathon sporting event hosted by the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on the third Sunday of November each year.	Philadelphia Marathon	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Nar (Persian: چم نار‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Nār and Cham Nār) is a village in Saman Rural District, Saman District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Cham-e Nar	Saman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kacprów (ˈkat͡spruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kacprów	Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kairon, is a small Indian village in the district of Amritsar, located in the north-west of Punjab.	Kairon	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camaya Coast (/kəˈmɑːjə/ kə-MAH-yə) is a beach resort with a residential development in the municipality of Mariveles in Bataan province, Philippines.	Camaya Coast	Mariveles
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clarke Historical Museum (formerly the Clarke Memorial Museum) in Eureka, California contains the area's premier collection of far California North Coast regional and cultural history, with significant focus on the 19th Century Victorian era.	Clarke Historical Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in Mangilao, Guam, USA, Pacific Islands University is the only nationally accredited Christian College, Bible College, and Graduate Level Seminary in Micronesia, offering AA & BA degrees in Biblical Studies, Liberal Studies, and an MA in Religion.	Pacific Islands University	Mangilao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phoenix Bridge is a historic metal Trapezoidal Whipple truss bridge located near Eagle Rock, Botetourt County, Virginia.	Phoenix Bridge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grovers Cliff is a shoreline escarpment at Broad Sound near the Port of Boston and by extension, the landform extending into the sea (headland) that is the ``Highlands'' section of Winthrop, Massachusetts.	Grovers Cliff	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cline Cellars Winery is a family owned and operated winery located in the Carneros wine appellation of Sonoma County, California that specializes in Zinfandels and French Rhône-style wines.	Cline Cellars	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Bada (Persian: اب بادا‎, also Romanized as Āb Bādā; also known as Āb Bād and Āb Bād-e Do) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Bada	Mobarakabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohler Gymnasium is a 3,000 seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Washington State University in Pullman, Washington.	Bohler Gymnasium	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo dei Banchi is a Renaissance-style palace façade located on the eastern flank of the Piazza Maggiore in the center of Bologna, region of Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Palazzo dei Banchi	Bologna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eschentzwiller (German: Eschenzweiler) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Eschentzwiller	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Étienne is the capital of the Loire department and has a population of approximately 178,500 in the city itself and over 508,000 in the metropolitan area (2011).	Saint-Étienne	Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Logan Hyperdome Shopping Centre in Shailer Park, Queensland, is the largest shopping centre in Logan City and one of the largest single story shopping centres in Australia.	Logan Hyperdome	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ryland Inn was a restaurant in Readington Township, New Jersey that won the James Beard Mid-Atlantic region top prize.	The Ryland Inn	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgehill Mountain is one of the 46 hills of the City and County of San Francisco, California, located in the United States of America.	Edgehill Mountain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biduiyeh-ye Nakhai (Persian: بيدوئيه نخعي‎, also Romanized as Bīdū’īyeh-ye Nakhaʿī; also known as Bīdū’īyeh) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Biduiyeh-ye Nakhai	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yao'an County (姚安县; pinyin: Yáo'ān Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Yao'an County	Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanarudravaram is a village in Kalidindi Mandal, Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Sanarudravaram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Sabzeh (Persian: كاني سبزه‎, also Romanized as Kānī Sabzeh) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Sabzeh	Behi Dehbokri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sundance Film Festival, a program of the Sundance Institute, is an American film festival that takes place annually in Utah.	Sundance Film Festival	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longs Island lies in Allegany County Maryland, but is only accessible from Mineral County, West Virginia near Keyser.	Longs Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Åbo Svenska Teater is a Finland-Swedish theatre in the city of Turku in Finland and the oldest theatre in the country, founded in 1839.	Åbo Svenska Teater	Turku
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meadowlands Environment Center (formerly the Hackensack Meadowlands Environmental Center) is an educational facility in the New Jersey Meadowlands in Lyndhurst, New Jersey.	Meadowlands Environment Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Falak (Persian: حسن فلك‎; also known as Qal``eh-ye Ḩasan Falak and Qal``eh-ye Ḩasanfalak) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Hasan Falak	Rostaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samuel Starks House is a historic home located at Charleston, West Virginia.	Samuel Starks House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chak Sara (Persian: چاكسرا‎, also Romanized as Chāk Sarā; also known as Chak Safā and Chāk Sar) is a village in Lafur Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chak Sara	Lafur Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golujeh-ye Eslam (Persian: گلوجه اسلام‎, also Romanized as Golūjeh-ye Eslām) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Golujeh-ye Eslam	Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	DramaTech Theatre is Georgia Tech's student-run theater.	DramaTech	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hite Store, also known as Riverview, is a historic general store located at Lowesville, Amherst County, Virginia.	Hite Store	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow Kashkuli (Persian: دهنوكشكولي‎, also Romanized as Dehnow Kashkūlī; also known as Kashkūlī) is a village in Shapur Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehnow Kashkuli	Shapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bert and Fay Havens House is a house located in Hazelton, Idaho, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Bert and Fay Havens House	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weilersteußlingen is a small village in the Alb-Donau district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Weilersteußlingen	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pryor Mountains Wild Horse Range is a refuge for a historically significant herd of free-roaming Mustangs, feral horses colloquially called ``wild horses'', located in the Pryor Mountains of Montana and Wyoming in the United States.	Pryor Mountains Wild Horse Range	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wójcza (ˈvui̯t͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wójcza	Gmina Pacanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Hallows Lombard Street was a parish church in the City of London.	All Hallows Lombard Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ridderzaal (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈrɪdərzaːl); English: Hall of Knights) is the main building of the 13th century Binnenhof in The Hague, Netherlands.	Ridderzaal	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Hope Christian Schools is a private Christian school founded in 1961 located in Grants Pass, Oregon, United States.	New Hope Christian Schools	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jordan Hall is a 1,019-seat concert hall in Boston, Massachusetts, the principal performance space of the New England Conservatory.	Jordan Hall	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Anne's Hill Historic District is part of the Historic Inner East neighborhood in Dayton, Ohio, United States.	Saint Anne's Hill Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panchetiya is a village located in Marwar Junction Tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan state of India.	Panchetiya	Pali district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalkaleh (Persian: كلكله‎) is a village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kalkaleh	Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District	Azna County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band-e Amir Rural District (Persian: دهستان بندامير‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Band-e Amir Rural District	Zarqan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homewood Cemetery is a historic, nonsectarian burial ground in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Homewood Cemetery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Areh Chak (Persian: اره چاك‎, also Romanized as Areh Chāk) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Areh Chak	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cascade Station is a mixed-use development of a shopping center, office buildings, and hotels located in Northeast Portland, Oregon along Airport Way and I-205, near Portland International Airport.	Cascade Station	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Santa Margarita y Las Flores was a 133,440-acre (540.0 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day northwestern San Diego County, California given by governor Juan Alvarado in 1841 to Andrés Pico and Pio Pico.	Rancho Santa Margarita y Las Flores	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 2009 Saint-Ursanne has been a part of the new municipality Clos du Doubs.	Saint-Ursanne	Clos du Doubs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coast Guard Air Station Astoria was established August 14, 1964 at Astoria Regional Airport in Warrenton, Oregon.	Coast Guard Air Station Astoria	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dulles Town Center (DTC) is a two-level enclosed shopping mall in Sterling, Loudoun County, Virginia, United States, located five miles north of the Washington Dulles International Airport.	Dulles Town Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Commanding Officer's Quarters, Watertown Arsenal is a historic house at 443 Arsenal Street in Watertown, Massachusetts.	Commanding Officer's Quarters, Watertown Arsenal	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye At Ali (Persian: كلاته اتعلي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Āt ʿAlī) is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye At Ali	Gholaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isis Temple, in the Grand Canyon, Arizona, USA is a prominence below the North Rim, and adjacent Granite Gorge.	Isis Temple	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Langley is located on the crest of the Sierra Nevada, on the boundary between Inyo and Tulare counties, in eastern California in the southwestern United States.	Mount Langley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podington is a village and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England, United Kingdom.	Podington	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suteh Kola (Persian: سوته كلا‎, also Romanized as Sūteh Kolā) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Suteh Kola	Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Asghar Khan (Persian: محمداباداصغرخان‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Aṣghar Khān; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Karīmkhān) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Asghar Khan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orątki Górne (ɔˈrɔntki ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Orątki Górne	Gmina Żychlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boulder Junction Airport (ICAO: KBDJ, FAA LID: BDJ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Boulder Junction, a town in Vilas County, Wisconsin, United States.	Boulder Junction Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park Region Luther College is a former educational institution in Fergus Falls, Minnesota and/or is the name of the building housing that institution.	Park Region Luther College	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalirak (Persian: كليرك‎, also Romanized as Kalīrak) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kalirak	Piveshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Gholamali (Persian: چشمه غلامعلي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Gholām``alī) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 401, in 101 families.	Cheshmeh-ye Gholamali	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milak Sarkar (Persian: ميلك سركار‎, also Romanized as Mīlak Sarḵār; also known as Mīlak) is a village in Najmabad Rural District, in the Central District of Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Milak Sarkar	Najmabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moshkak (Persian: مشكك‎, also Romanized as Moshgak) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Moshkak	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Kazemi (Persian: تلمبه كاظمي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Kāz̧emī) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Kazemi	Aliabad-e Malek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Yas (Persian: باغ ياس‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Yās) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Yas	Dehsard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taft Coliseum is a 5,003-permanent seat multi-purpose arena located at the Ohio Expo Center and State Fairground in Columbus, Ohio.	Taft Coliseum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piazza della Cisterna is a piazza in San Gimignano, Italy.	Piazza della Cisterna	San Gimignano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Sao (Thai: ป่าเซ่า) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Uttaradit District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Pa Sao	Mueang Uttaradit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franklin and Amelia Walton House is a Prairie School style bungalow built in 1916 in Centerville, Utah, United States.	Franklin and Amelia Walton House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piedimonte Matese is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about 82 km (49 miles) north of Naples and about 40 km (24 miles) north of Caserta.	Piedimonte Matese	Province of Caserta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perumpadikkunnu is a place situated in Wayanad Ambalavayal, Kerala, India.	Perumpadikkunnu	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boezinge is a village north of the city of Ypres in West Flanders, Belgium, on the N369 road in the direction of Diksmuide.	Boezinge	Ypres
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincolnville Historic District, established by freedmen following the American Civil War and located on the southwest peninsula of the ``nation's oldest city,'' St. Augustine, Florida, is a U.S. Historic District (designated as such on November 29, 1991).	Lincolnville Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salmon River Mountains are a major mountain range covering most of the central part of the U.S. state of Idaho.	Salmon River Mountains	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šipovljani (Serbian: Шиповљани) is a village in the municipality of Drvar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šipovljani	Drvar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amasa Day House is a Federal homestead in Moodus, Connecticut that now operates as a historic house museum.	Amasa Day House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George W. Baird House is a house in Edina, Minnesota, United States, built in 1886 by a prominent farmer in the Edina Mills community.	George W. Baird House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cartmel Fell, with a population of 309,increasing to 329 at the 2011 Census is a hill, a hamlet and a civil parish in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria, England.	Cartmel Fell	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babian (Persian: بابيان‎, also Romanized as Bābīān) is a village in Lahrud Rural District, Meshgin-e Sharqi District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Babian	Lahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haleh Kaleh (Persian: هاله كله‎, also Romanized as Hāleh Kaleh and Hālehkaleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Haleh Kaleh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knox's Headquarters State Historic Site, in the town of New Windsor in Orange County, New York, consists of the Georgian house of the Ellison family, built in 1754, and the grounds around it.	Knox's Headquarters State Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tombanu (Persian: تمبانو‎, also Romanized as Tombānū; also known as Tonbānū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tombanu	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bramwald is a range of hills up to 408 m above sea level (NN) in the Weser Uplands in Lower Saxony (Germany).	Bramwald	Weser Uplands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sover (German: Sofer) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Trento.	Sover	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edwards-Franklin House, also known as the Bernard Franklin House, is a historic home located in Franklin Township in Surry County, North Carolina.	Edwards-Franklin House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joshua Sears Building is a historic building in Kirkland, Washington located at the northwest corner of Market Street and Seventh Avenue, Kirkland's historic commercial core.	Joshua Sears Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRDO-FM (105.5 FM) is a News/Talk radio station simulcast on KRDO 1240 and based in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	KRDO-FM	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phoenix Goodyear Airport (IATA: GYR, ICAO: KGYR, FAA LID: GYR) (formerly Goodyear Municipal Airport) is a public airport a mile southwest of Goodyear, in Maricopa County, Phoenix, Arizona.	Phoenix Goodyear Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lloyd Expressway is a major east--west traffic artery located in Vanderburgh County, Indiana.	Lloyd Expressway	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bryson Apartment Hotel is a historic 110,000-square-foot (10,000 m2), ten-story apartment building on Wilshire Boulevard in the MacArthur Park section of Los Angeles, California.	Bryson Apartment Hotel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Banushir (Persian: گودبنوشير‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Banūshīr; also known as Gowd-e Banashīr) is a village in Barez Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Banushir	Barez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baile Glas or Ballaglasa (Scottish Gaelic: Am Baile Glas) is a settlement on Grimsay in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Baile Glas	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shir Habib (Persian: شيرحبيب‎, also Romanized as Shīr Ḩabīb; also known as Sar Ḩabīb) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shir Habib	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Contwoyto Lake is a lake in the Kitikmeot Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut, located near the border with the Northwest Territories.	Contwoyto Lake	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dul Siah (Persian: دول‌سیاه‎, also Romanized as Dūl Sīāh) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dul Siah	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isa Beyglu (Persian: عيسي بيگلو‎, also Romanized as ``Īsá Beyglū; also known as ``Aīsbaklu and Īsā Beglū) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 4 families.	Isa Beyglu	Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanchikivtsi (Ukrainian: Ванчиківці; Romanian: Vancicăuții Mari) is a commune (selsoviet) in Novoselytsia Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Vanchikivtsi	Novoselytsia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Máncora District is a district in the Talara Province of the Piura Region in northwestern Peru.	Máncora District	Talara Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crowley's Ridge Academy (CRA) is a private Christian school serving students in prekindergarten through grade 12 in the rural community of Paragould, Arkansas, United States.	Crowley's Ridge Academy	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plaza Hotel, located in the Midtown Manhattan neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan, New York City, is a landmark 20-story luxury hotel and condominium apartment building, owned by the Indian conglomerate, Sahara India Pariwar.	Plaza Hotel	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łukomin (wuˈkɔmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Łukomin	Gmina Krzeszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Dasht (Persian: عباس اباددشت‎, also Romanized as ``Abbāsābād-e Dasht; also known as Dasht) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 358, in 107 families.	Abbasabad-e Dasht	Sedeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wapack Range, sometimes referred to as the Pack Monadnock Range, is a 20-mile-long (32 km) range of mountains in south-central New Hampshire and adjacent Massachusetts, in the northeastern United States.	Wapack Range	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Power Plant No. 1 is an historic power plant at 414 West Elizabeth Street in McPherson, Kansas.	Power Plant No. 1	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frome Vauchurch is a parish in the county of Dorset in southern England, situated in the West Dorset administrative district approximately 7 miles (11 km) northwest of the county town Dorchester.	Frome Vauchurch	Dorset	West Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhabinka District is an administrative subdivision, a district of Brest Region, in Belarus.	Zhabinka District	Brest Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chojniak (ˈxɔi̯ɲak) (German: Löbelshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chojniak	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bircotes is a mining town in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire, on the border with the metropolitan borough of Doncaster (part of South Yorkshire).	Bircotes	Bassetlaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSGL (900 AM) is a Religious/Adult Standards music formatted radio station licensed in Wichita, Kansas, and is owned by Agape Communications Inc.	KSGL	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Contemporary Learning Center (CLC) was a secondary school located in Houston, Texas, United States.	Contemporary Learning Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horgen District is a district of Canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Horgen District	Canton of Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gzy-Wisnowa (ˈɡzɨ visˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gzy-Wisnowa	Gmina Gzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Oran's Chapel (Odhráin/Orain/Odran) is a medieval chapel on located on the island of Iona in the Inner Hebrides off the west coast of Scotland.	St Oran's Chapel	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarkson-Watson House, also known as the Bank of Germantown and Germantown Historical Society, is a historic home located in the Wister neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Clarkson-Watson House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musgum mud huts or Musgum dwelling units are traditional domestic structures built of mud by the ethnic Musgum people in the Maga sub-division, Mayo-Danay division, Far North Province in Cameroon.	Musgum mud huts	Far North
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skokie Country Club is a private country club in Glencoe, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.	Skokie Country Club	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Driscoll Bridge is a toll bridge (a series of three spans) on the Garden State Parkway in the U.S. state of New Jersey spanning the Raritan River near its mouth in Raritan Bay.	Driscoll Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasper Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Jasper, Alabama, United States, approximately 30 miles (48 km) away from Birmingham.	Jasper Mall	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wingfield High School is a high school in Jackson, Mississippi (USA).	Wingfield High School	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monasterio Celeste is the O'Higgins training facilities located outside Rancagua in Requínoa.	Monasterio Celeste	Requínoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiz Qalehsi (Persian: قيزقلعه سي‎, also Romanized as Qīz Qal``ehsī; also known as Qez Qal``ehsī) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 811, in 136 families.	Qiz Qalehsi	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vallam Pudursethi or Vallam Pudur is a village in Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vallam Pudursethi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Orange Oval was an athletic field located at Brick Church in East Orange, New Jersey.	East Orange Oval	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Preston Trail, later known as the Old Preston Road, was a road created by the Republic of Texas in 1841 from Preston, Texas on the Red River south to Austin, Texas.	Preston Trail	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Wanneroo is a local government area with city status in the northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia.	City of Wanneroo	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye Baqayi (Persian: مشاع بقايي‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Baqāyī) is a village in Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District, Central District, Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Masha-ye Baqayi	Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schuby (Danish: Skovby) is a municipality in the district Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein in northern Germany.	Schuby	Schleswig-Flensburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kareh Zan (Persian: كره زن‎) is a village in Senderk Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kareh Zan	Senderk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Kagawong is the second largest lake on Manitoulin Island in Ontario, Canada.	Lake Kagawong	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Usarzów (uˈsaʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Usarzów	Gmina Lipnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Everett Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library building located in Everett, Washington, USA listed on the National Register of Historic Places and part of the Snohomish County Government campus.	Everett Carnegie Library	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łupawsko (wuˈpafskɔ) (German: Lupowske) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łupawsko	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Haven Academy is a public Magnet school in East Haven, Connecticut that enrolls children in grades 3-8.	East Haven Academy	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liwki (ˈlifki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Liwki	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	McClintic Wildlife Management Area, known locally as the ``TNT area'', is located in Mason County about 5 miles (8 km) north of Point Pleasant, West Virginia.	McClintic Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka Barcińska (dɔmˈbrufka barˈt͡ɕiɲska) (German: Eichwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dąbrówka Barcińska	Gmina Barcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourton-on-the-Water is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England that lies on a wide flat vale within the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.	Bourton-on-the-Water	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanjaruiyeh (Persian: هنجروييه‎, also Romanized as Hanjarū’īyeh and Hanjarūyeh; also known as Hangarū) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hanjaruiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abella Center formerly International Marketplace and originally El Portal Shopping Center is a mixed-use city services, business, shopping center and housing village transit-oriented development that was formerly a mall in San Pablo, California.	Abella Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cogswell Polytechnical College is a private for-profit college located in Sunnyvale, California.	Cogswell Polytechnical College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wymysłowice (vɨmɨswɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wymysłowice	Gmina Strzelno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robat-e Abu ol Qasem (Persian: رباط ابوالقاسم‎, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Abū ol Qāsem) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Robat-e Abu ol Qasem	Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartoszowa (bartɔˈʂɔva) (German: Schönfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bartoszowa	Gmina Borów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Buford was a United States Army Post at the confluence of the Missouri and Yellowstone Rivers in Dakota Territory, present day North Dakota, and the site of Sitting Bull's surrender in 1881.	Fort Buford	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waconda Spring, or Great Spirit Spring, was a natural artesian spring located in Mitchell County, near the towns of Glen Elder and Cawker City in the U.S. state of Kansas.	Waconda Spring	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romanowo Górne (rɔmaˈnɔvɔ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Romanowo Górne	Gmina Czarnków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregational-Presbyterian Church (also known as the Presbyterian Church) is a historic church building near Ohio State Route 5 and Ohio State Route 5 in Kinsman, Ohio.	Congregational-Presbyterian Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazar-e Bi Abeh (Persian: مزاربي ابه‎, also Romanized as Mazār-e Bī Ābeh; also known as Mazār-e Bī Āb and Mazār-e Bī Ābī) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mazar-e Bi Abeh	Qalandarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Goulburn Island Airport (IATA: GBL, ICAO: YGBI) serves the Goulburn Islands, Northern Territory, Australia.	South Goulburn Island Airport	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Walck (German: Walk) is a former commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	La Walck	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	King George Tower was a proposed skyscraper set to rise in Surrey, British Columbia near the King George Station.	King George Tower	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parrsboro Regional High School also known as PRHS is a school located in Parrsboro, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Parrsboro Regional High School	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paraf-e Bala (Persian: پاراف بالا‎, also Romanized as Pārāf-e Bālā; also known as Fāryāb (Persian: فارياب) and Pārāf) is a village in Byaban Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Paraf-e Bala	Byaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darling Downs Power Station is located 40 kilometres (25 mi) west of Dalby in Queensland and owned by Origin Energy.	Darling Downs Power Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wimbourne House (also known as Wimborne House or the William Kent House) is a large detached town house at 22 Arlington Street in St. James's, a district of the City of Westminster in central London.	Wimbourne House	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakkam Kottur is a small village in Tamil Nadu, a southern state of India.	Pakkam Kottur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sivasagar district (Pron: ˈsɪvəˌsʌgə(r) or ˈʃɪvəˌsʌgə(r)) (Assamese: শিৱসাগৰ জিলা), formerly known as Sibsagar, is one of the 32 districts of Assam state in north-eastern India.	Sivasagar district	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Embassy Gardens is a residential and business development in the Nine Elms regeneration zone in London, England.	Embassy Gardens	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saint Lazaria Wilderness (formerly the Saint Lazaria National Wildlife Refuge) or St. Lazaria Island is a nesting bird colony located twenty miles (32 km) west of Sitka, Alaska and is a part of the Gulf of Alaska unit of the Alaska Maritime National Wildlife Refuge.	Saint Lazaria Wilderness	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salcombe is a popular resort town in the South Hams district of Devon, south west England.	Salcombe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Divine Lorraine Hotel, also known as the Lorraine Apartments, stands at the corner of Broad Street and Fairmount Avenue in North Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Divine Lorraine Hotel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Chelan National Recreation Area is a U.S. National Recreation Area (NRA) located about 35 miles (56 km) south of the Canadian border in Chelan County, Washington.	Lake Chelan National Recreation Area	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaiole in Chianti is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Siena in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southeast of Florence and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of Siena.	Gaiole in Chianti	Province of Siena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calvörde (German pronunciation: (kalˈføːʁdə)) is a municipality in the Börde district of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Calvörde	Börde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omache Shopping Center is a shopping mall located in Omak, Washington, which is a city in the Okanogan region of United States.	Omache Shopping Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre AXA México, previously Mexicana de Aviación Tower (Spanish: Torre Mexicana de Aviación), was the worldwide headquarters of Mexicana de Aviación and a landmark located in Colonia del Valle in Benito Juárez, Mexico City, Mexico.	Torre AXA México	Mexico City
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSSE/KSSD/KSSC is a commercial radio station trimulcast located in Southern California, broadcasting on 107.1 FM.	KSSE	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muskingum Island is a long narrow bar island on the Ohio River in Wood County, West Virginia between the towns of Moore Junction, Ohio and Boaz, West Virginia.	Muskingum Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mari Indus (Urdu: ماڑی اِنڈس ‎) is a town in Mianwali District, Punjab, Pakistan, situated on bank of the Indus River near Kalabagh.	Mari Indus	Mianwali District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asfejan (Persian: اسفجان‎, also Romanized as Asfejān; also known as Asfenjān, Asfenjan, and Asfijān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Asfejan	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magierowa Wola (maɡʲɛˈrɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Magierowa Wola	Gmina Warka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zardana (Arabic: زردنا‎, also spelled Zerdana or Zirdana) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of Idlib Governorate.	Zardana	Idlib
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayeshehabad (Persian: عايشه اباد‎, also Romanized as ``Āyeshehābād; also known as Chāhū, Chāḩū Gharbī, and Chāhū Qebleh) is a village in Dulab Rural District, Shahab District, Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 18 families.	Ayeshehabad	Dulab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenevist Rural District (Persian: دهستان كنويست‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kenevist Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garfield Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Garfield, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Garfield Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern Rivers is a region of the Australian state of New South Wales, located between 590 kilometres (370 mi) and 820 kilometres (510 mi) north of the state capital, Sydney.	Northern Rivers	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kitty Coleman Provincial Park, also known as Kitty Coleman Beach Provincial Park, is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.	Kitty Coleman Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Channel X Radio is a network of American radio stations in Aroostook County, Maine.	Channel X Radio	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	McNee Ranch State Park is located in the Santa Cruz Mountains of the United States, near the unincorporated community of Montara, California in San Mateo County.	McNee Ranch State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The OGI School of Science and Engineering, located in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States was one of four schools at the Oregon Health and Science University (OHSU).	OGI School of Science and Engineering	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazów (ˈmazuf) (formerly German Meitzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mazów	Gmina Postomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Praše (pronounced (ˈpɾaːʃɛ); German: Prasche) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Praše	Kranj
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilcox Octagon House is a historic home in Camillus, New York, USA, that was built in 1856 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.	Wilcox Octagon House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kumudavalli is a Gram panchayat in Palakoderu mandal situated about 1 km away from Bhimavaram City of West Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kumudavalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern District Police Station is a historic police station located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Southern District Police Station	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murwillumbah High School, (abbreviation MHS) is a State run comprehensive secondary, co-educational, high school located at 86 Riverview Street in Murwillumbah, New South Wales, Australia.	Murwillumbah High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliceville Elementary and High School, also known as the Millionaire Public School , is a historic school building in Aliceville, Pickens County, Alabama.	Aliceville Elementary and High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baraolt (Romanian pronunciation: (baraˈolt); Hungarian: Barót, pronounced (ˈbɒroːt)) is a town and administrative district in Covasna County, Romania.	Baraolt	Covasna County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salcombe Regis is a coastal village in Devon, England, near Sidmouth.	Salcombe Regis	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weymouth High School (WHS) is a comprehensive public high school in Weymouth, Massachusetts that serves students in grades nine through twelve.	Weymouth High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Masur Museum of Art in Monroe, Louisiana in the United States, is the largest visual arts museum in northeast Louisiana.	Masur Museum of Art	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Dulas (Welsh: Afon Dulas) is a tributary of the river Teifi and has its source near the village of Llangybi in the county of Ceredigion, Wales.	River Dulas	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qusheh Tappeh (Persian: قوشه تپه‎, also Romanized as Qūsheh Tappeh; also known as Qūsh Tappeh) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qusheh Tappeh	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skagway Seaplane Base (FAA LID: 7K2) is a state-owned public-use seaplane base located in Skagway, Alaska.	Skagway Seaplane Base	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowiniki (nɔviˈniki), (Lithuanian: Navinykai), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Nowiniki	Gmina Puńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nosratabad-e Olya (Persian: نصرت ابادعليا‎, also Romanized as Noşratābād-e ``Olyá) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 210, in 44 families.	Nosratabad-e Olya	Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badia Calavena is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verona in the state Veneto, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) west of Venice and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Verona.	Badia Calavena	Province of Verona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehang (Persian: دهنگ‎‎; also known as Dahūn, Deh-e Hong, Deh Hang, Deh Hong, and Dehun) is a village in Godeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dehang	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharanaq District (Persian: بخش خرانق‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Kharanaq District	Yazd Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stafford Senior High School (often mistakenly called South Stafford High School, colloquially known as ``Stafford High School'') is a public secondary school located in Falmouth, Virginia, just north of the city of Fredericksburg, Virginia.	Stafford Senior High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huffman Covered Bridge was built in 1914 south of Middleburg, Ohio.	Huffman Covered Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greensboro Urban Loop is a partially completed 39.3-mile (63.2 km) beltway around Greensboro, North Carolina, United States.	Greensboro Urban Loop	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wodnica-Kolonia (vɔdˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wodnica-Kolonia	Gmina Ustka
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is in Dún Laoghaire-- Rathdown county, in the postal district of Dublin 18 and in the parish of Foxrock.	Foxrock	Dún Laoghaire-- Rathdown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brentmoor, also known as the Spilman-Mosby House in Warrenton, Virginia, is a historic site that was the home of Confederate military leader John Singleton Mosby.	Brentmoor	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willits Municipal Airport (FAA LID: O28), also known as Ells Field, is a public airport located three miles (4.6 km) northwest of Willits, serving Mendocino County, California, USA.	Willits Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapleau railway station is an unstaffed station located in the heart of Chapleau, Ontario.	Chapleau railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karznica (kaʐˈnit͡sa) (German till 1937 Wendisch Karstnitz, 1938-1945 Ramnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Karznica	Gmina Potęgowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coors Events Center is an 11,064-seat multi-purpose arena on the Boulder main campus of the University of Colorado.	Coors Events Center	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pellston Regional Airport (IATA: PLN, ICAO: KPLN, FAA LID: PLN), also known as Pellston Regional Airport of Emmet County, is a public airport located one mile (2 km) northwest of the central business district of Pellston, a village in Emmet County, Michigan, United States.	Pellston Regional Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stonehaven (i/stoʊnˈheɪvən/; (stinˈhaiv)) is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Stonehaven	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Ngerchelchuus is the Republic of Palau's highest point, located at the border of the states of Ngardmau and Ngaremlengui, on the island of Babeldaob.	Mount Ngerchelchuus	Babeldaob
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadu Sara (Persian: كدوسرا‎, also Romanized as Kadū Sarā, Kadoo Sara, and Kedu-Sara; also known as Khājeh Sarā) is a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kadu Sara	Sangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montreal Children's Hospital (French: Hôpital de Montréal pour enfants) is a children's hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Montreal Children's Hospital	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byington Mill (Frisbie & Stansfield Knitting Company), also known as the J. A. Firsching & Son Building, is a historic knitting mill located at Utica in Oneida County, New York.	Byington Mill (Frisbie & Stansfield Knitting Company)	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shari Mari (Persian: شري مري‎, also Romanized as Sharī Marī and Sherī Merī) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shari Mari	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morayur or Morayoor (Malayalam: മൊറയൂ൪) is a village near Valluvambram Junction in Malappuram District, Kerala.	Morayur	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ertholmene belongs to Denmark and has the country's easternmost point.	Ertholmene	Denmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaeykh (Persian: شايخ‎, also Romanized as Shāeykh) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shaeykh	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodside Stadium is the home of Watford Harrers Athletics Club It is situated in Watford in Hertfordshire and has a seated capacity of 708.	Woodside Stadium	Watford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quni (Persian: قوني‎, also Romanized as Qūnī; also known as Gūnī) is a village in Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Quni	Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Syndal South Primary School is situated in the suburb of Mount Waverley, Victoria, east of the city of Melbourne.	Syndal South Primary School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carey Stadium is an open-air stadium located in Ocean City, New Jersey.	Carey Stadium	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	'Asika' is a town and a Notified Area Council in Ganjam district in the state of Odisha, India.	Asika	Ganjam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Painesville City Local School District is a public school district based in Painesville, Ohio, United States.	Painesville City Local School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alnwick Urban District was an urban district in Northumberland, England, based on Alnwick.	Alnwick Urban District	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Izaak Walton Inn is a historic inn in Essex, Montana, USA.	Izaak Walton Inn	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David L. Lawrence Convention Center (DLLCC) is a 1,500,000-square-foot (140,000 m2) convention, conference and exhibition building in downtown Pittsburgh in the U.S. commonwealth of Pennsylvania.	David L. Lawrence Convention Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNRW (98.9 FM) - branded as 98.9 Radio Now - is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station located in Prospect, Kentucky, serving the Louisville, Kentucky area.	WNRW	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mỹ Văn is former district of Hải Hưng Province in South Vietnam.	Mỹ Văn	Hải Hưng
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James John Eldred House is a historic house located in Bluffdale Township near Eldred, Illinois.	James John Eldred House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Mahini (Persian: دره ماهيني‎, also Romanized as Darreh Māhīnī) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Mahini	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubahiyan (Hindi: दुबाहियाँ) is a village in Nagod Tahsil, Satna district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Dubahiyan	Satna	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Hajj Ali Mohammad (Persian: حاجي اباد حاج علي محمد‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Ḩājj ʿAlī Moḩammad; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Hajj Ali Mohammad	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mandeville House is located on Lower Station Road (Putnam County Route 12) in Garrison, New York, United States, just west of its intersection with NY 9D and 403.	Mandeville House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lange Jaap (``Long James''), also known as Kijkduin Light or Den Helder Light, is an active lighthouse near fort Kijkduin in Huisduinen, Netherlands.	Lange Jaap	Den Helder
located in the administrative territorial entity	199 Fremont Street is a class-A office skyscraper in South of Market district of San Francisco, California.	199 Fremont Street	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoffman Hills State Recreation Area is a 707-acre (286 ha) unit of the Wisconsin state park system near Menomonie.	Hoffman Hills State Recreation Area	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band-e Dezad (Persian: بنددزد‎) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Band-e Dezad	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Baz (Persian: كلاته بز‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bāz) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Baz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Megaradio was a German-speaking privately owned radio station, which transmitted on several frequencies from transmission facilities in Germany (and also from Marnach in Luxembourg).	Megaradio	Germany
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMLX (``Mix 103.3'') is a commercial FM radio station licensed to St. Marys, Ohio, operating at 103.3 MHz with currently a Mainstream AC format.	WMLX	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bąkowski Młyn (bɔŋˈkɔfski ˈmwɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bąkowski Młyn	Gmina Warlubie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalhousie Mountain is a Canadian peak in the Cobequid Mountains and the highest elevation point in Pictou County, Nova Scotia.	Dalhousie Mountain	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahid-e Lefatah Kashtiban (Persian: شهيدلفته كشتيبان‎, also Romanized as Shahīd-e Lefatah Kashtībān) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahid-e Lefatah Kashtiban	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melnsils (Livonian: Mustānum) is a populated place in Roja municipality, Latvia.	Melnsils	Roja municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołybki (kɔˈwɨpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kołybki	Gmina Damasławek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boryty (bɔˈrɨtɨ) (German Klein Boritten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Boryty	Gmina Sępopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slad is a village in Gloucestershire, England, in the Slad Valley about 2 miles (3 km) from Stroud on the B4070 road from Stroud to Birdlip.	Slad	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morans Falls, a plunge waterfall on Morans Creek, is located in the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Gondwana Rainforests in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Morans Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanjagoundenpalayam or Pariyur Nanjagoundenpalayam is a suburb which forms a part of Gobichettipalayam urban agglomeration in Tamil Nadu.	Nanjagoundenpalayam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jafarabad-e Akhavan (Persian: جعفراباد اخوان‎, also Romanized as Ja``farābād-e Akhavān) is a village in Behnampazuki-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,649, in 404 families.	Jafarabad-e Akhavan	Behnampazuki-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village Hobby Shop is a historic building in the village of Mechanicsburg, Ohio, United States.	Village Hobby Shop	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAOS, ``La Mejor'', is a Spanish language, Regional Mexican talk radio, AM radio broadcaster licensed to the city Austell, Georgia in the Atlanta, Georgia radio market.	WAOS	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seng Mountain National Scenic Area is a federally designated National Scenic Area within Mount Rogers National Recreation Area in Smyth County, Virginia, USA.	Seng Mountain National Scenic Area	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matihani (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi: मतिहानी विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is an assembly constituency in Begusarai district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Matihani (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Begusarai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacheldre (Welsh: Bachelldref or Bachelldre) is a small settlement in Powys, Wales.	Bacheldre	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thunder Bay Soroptimist International Friendship Garden is a city park located in the south end of Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.	Thunder Bay Soroptimist International Friendship Garden	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland Fish Pier is a fishing pier located in Portland, Maine on the edge of the Fore River.	Portland Fish Pier	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newtown Friends Meetinghouse and Cemetery is a historic Quaker meetinghouse and cemetery in Newtown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Newtown Friends Meetinghouse and Cemetery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barry Historic District is a historic district comprising the commercial and older residential areas of Barry, Pike County, Illinois.	Barry Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pier 40 at Hudson River Park, more commonly known as Pier 40, is a parking garage, sports facility, and former marine terminal located at the west end of Houston Street in Manhattan, New York City, within Hudson River Park.	Pier 40 at Hudson River Park	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ma'ayanot Yeshiva High School is a private Jewish day school for girls in grades nine through twelve, located in Teaneck, New Jersey, United States, serving the Orthodox communities of Bergen County and neighboring areas.	Ma'ayanot Yeshiva High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banaruiyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان بنارويه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Banaruiyeh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Banaruiyeh Rural District	Banaruiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lantau Trail (Chinese: 鳳凰徑), opened on 4 December 1984, is a long-distance footpath on Lantau Island in the New Territories of Hong Kong.	Lantau Trail	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Wiśniewska (ˈvulka viɕˈɲefska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Wiśniewska	Gmina Wiśniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reformierte Kirche Uster (native German name, literally: Uster Reformed Church) is an Evangelical Reformed church in the Swiss municipality of Uster in the Canton of Zürich that was built in 1824.	Uster Reformed Church	Canton of Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auchtertool (i/ɒxtərˈtʊl/; Scottish Gaelic: Uachdar Tuil) is a small village in Fife, Scotland.	Auchtertool	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watkins Glen International (nicknamed ``The Glen'') is an automobile race track located in Watkins Glen, New York, at the southern tip of Seneca Lake.	Watkins Glen International	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	New York City Center (previously known as the Mecca Temple, City Center of Music and Drama, and the New York City Center 55th Street Theater,) is a 2,257-seat Moorish Revival theater located at 131 West 55th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues in Manhattan, New York City.	New York City Center	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bast Qalat (Persian: بستقلات‎‎, also Romanized as Bast Qalāt and Bast-e Qalāt; also known as Bast Ghalāt) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bast Qalat	Fatuyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Side Power Station is a natural gas turbine power station at Vineyard, Utah, USA.	Lake Side Power Station	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bluestone High School is a public high school in Skipwith, Virginia, in Mecklenburg County.	Bluestone High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sartell Paper Mill, officially the Verso Paper Sartell Mill, was a paper mill located in the city of Sartell in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Verso Paper Sartell Mill	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alliant Energy Center (formerly Dane County Coliseum) is a multi-building complex located in Madison, Wisconsin.	Alliant Energy Center	Madison
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crabbe Mountain is a Canadian alpine ski hill in Central Hainesville, New Brunswick near the intersection of Route 104 and Route 610.	Crabbe Mountain	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sivill House is a 76-flat council housing block on Columbia Road in Bethnal Green, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Sivill House	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherukulamba is a village in Malappuram district of Kerala state, south India.	Cherukulamba	Malappuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Unirondack is a Unitarian Universalist camp and conference center located in the western foothills of the Adirondack Mountains near Lowville, New York.	Camp Unirondack	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lar Khani (Persian: لارخاني‎, also Romanized as Lār Khānī) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lar Khani	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highland Park Carousel, also known as En-Joie Park Carousel and Ideal Park Carousel, is a historic carousel located at Endwell in Broome County, New York.	Highland Park Carousel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgewood Chemical Activity (abbreviated ECA) was a U.S. Army site located in Edgewood, Maryland that stored chemical weapons.	Edgewood Chemical Activity	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaszczówka-Kolonia (waʂˈt͡ʂufka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łaszczówka-Kolonia	Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nijeholtpade (West Frisian: Nijeholtpea) is a village in Weststellingwerf in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Nijeholtpade	Weststellingwerf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fountain Square Tower is a 35 story and 385 ft. tall (Originally set for 55 stories and 523 ft.) skyscraper set for construction on Church Street in Evanston, Illinois.	Fountain Square Tower	Evanston
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Bovey is a village and civil parish situated on the south-eastern side of Dartmoor National Park, Devon, England, about 11 miles WSW of the city of Exeter and 1.5 miles SSW of Moretonhampstead.	North Bovey	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahmanqoli (Persian: رحمان قلي‎, also Romanized as Raḩmānqolī) is a village in Dorungar Rural District, Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rahmanqoli	Dorungar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowrsan (Persian: گاورسان‎, also Romanized as Gowrsān) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowrsan	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bell Building is an office building located in downtown Montgomery, Alabama.	Bell Building	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Confederate Monument of Bowling Green, in Bowling Green, Kentucky, is among the sixty-one monuments of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission, all of which became part of the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1997.	Confederate Monument of Bowling Green	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQCV-FM, known as the Bott Radio Network, is a Christian Teaching radio station serving the Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, area and is licensed to Community Broadcasting, Inc.	KQCV-FM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gołuszyn (ɡɔˈwuʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gołuszyn	Gmina Bieżuń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lillerød (sometimes named Allerød) is a Danish town, seat of the Allerød Municipality, in the Region Hovedstaden.	Lillerød	Allerød Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yurdak-e Bala (Persian: يوردك بالا‎, also Romanized as Yūrdak-e Bālā; also known as Yardak-e Bālā, Yardūk-e Bālā, and Yordūk-e Bālā) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Yurdak-e Bala	Nasrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Commune of Buyenzi is a commune of Bujumbura Mairie Province in western Burundi.	Commune of Buyenzi	Bujumbura Mairie Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	São João de Meriti (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsɐ̃w ʒuɐ̃w ˈdʒi meˈɾitʃi)) is a Brazilian municipality in Rio de Janeiro state.	São João de Meriti	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moradkhanlu (Persian: مرادخانلو‎, also Romanized as Morādkhānlū) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Miyani Rural District, Marhemetabad District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Moradkhanlu	Marhemetabad-e Miyani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoro Garden is a 6-acre sunken garden within Balboa Park in San Diego, California.	Zoro Garden	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sai Yee Street (Chinese: 洗衣街; literally: ``Clothes-Washing Street'') is a street in Mong Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Sai Yee Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ximenes Chapel (Chapel of the Miracles) is a historic chapel at 113 Ruiz Street in San Antonio, Texas.	Ximenes Chapel	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wheeler-Merriam House (or ``Elm Brook Farm'') is an historic house at 477 Virginia Road in Concord, Massachusetts.	Wheeler-Merriam House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marshala Koneva Street (Russian: у́лица Ма́ршала Ко́нева) is a street in Shchukino District of North-Western Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia.	Marshala Koneva Street	Shchukino District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiselhampton is a village on the River Thame about 6 miles (10 km) southeast of Oxford in Oxfordshire, England.	Chiselhampton	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue Dauphine is a street in Saint-Germain-des-Prés in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Rue Dauphine	6th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastside Community Center, formerly the Catholic Holy Cross Church, is an historic building in Batavia, Illinois.	Eastside Community Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tekyeh-e Sepahsalar (Persian: تكيه سپهسالار‎, also Romanized as Tekyeh-e Sepahsālār and Takye-ye Sepahsālār) is a village in Asara Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Tekyeh-e Sepahsalar	Asara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Mary (abbreviated U-Mary) is a four-year Catholic university near Bismarck, North Dakota.	University of Mary	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Women's Community Club of South Valley, originally South Valley Union Church, is a historic church building located at South Valley in Otsego County, New York.	Women's Community Club of South Valley	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falcondale (Welsh: Glyn Hebog) is a hamlet in the community of Lampeter, Ceredigion, Wales, and occupies a low bluff overlooking the Nant Creuddyn north-west of Lampeter.	Falcondale	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhani Dulat is a village of district Fatehabad, Haryana, India.	Dhani Dulat	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gallery at Market East, or ``The Gallery'' as it is known to locals, is an urban mall in downtown Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States with over 130 stores and a food court.	The Gallery at Market East	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Khashan (Persian: سيدخشان‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Khashān) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Khashan	Ahudasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sugarloaf School is a school located east of Jerome, Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.	Sugarloaf School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lutheran High School of Orange County is a private Lutheran high school in Orange, California in the Los Angeles Metropolitan Area, founded in 1973.	Lutheran High School of Orange County	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parenty is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Parenty	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Namakagon (pronounced NAM-uh-KAH-gun) is a large freshwater lake located in the Chequamegon National Forest in northern Wisconsin.	Lake Namakagon	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clark Preparatory School (also known as the Clark School) was a boys-only independent boarding school located in Hanover, New Hampshire, USA.	Clark Preparatory School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friendly High School is a public high school in Fort Washington, Maryland in Prince George's County, a county in the state of Maryland in the United States of America.	Friendly High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eramosa Karst is a provincially significant Earth Science Area of Natural and Scientific Interest in Ontario, Canada, located in Stoney Creek, a constituent community of the City of Hamilton, and immediately south of the Niagara Escarpment.	Eramosa Karst	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jodłowice (jɔdwɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeg Dolny, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jodłowice	Gmina Brzeg Dolny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merchants Millpond State Park is a North Carolina state park in Gates County, North Carolina, in the United States.	Merchants Millpond State Park	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llewellyn Park is an unincorporated community and neighborhood within West Orange in Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Llewellyn Park	West Orange
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincoln Heights Jail is a reportedly haunted former jail building in the Lincoln Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Lincoln Heights Jail	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alkhas (Persian: الخاص‎, also Romanized as Ālkhāş; also known as Alkhāş Qal``eh) is a village in Jirestan Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 455, in 106 families.	Alkhas	Jirestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Escamp (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɛskɑmp)) is a district of The Hague, Netherlands, built largely after the Second World War, on the 15th century Eskamppolders.	Escamp	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casarsa della Delizia, simply known as Casarsa, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Pordenone.	Casarsa della Delizia	Province of Pordenone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stotfold is a small town and civil parish in the English county of Bedfordshire.	Stotfold	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miyamoto Musashi Station (宮本武蔵駅) is on the Chizu Express line in Mimasaka, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.	Miyamoto Musashi Station	Mimasaka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katamatite East is a locality in Victoria, Australia in the local government area of the Shire of Moira.	Katamatite East	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Jillson Stone House is a historic house museum at 561 Main Street in the Willimantic section of Windham, Connecticut.	William Jillson Stone House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaemiyeh-ye Do (Persian: قايميه 2‎, also Romanized as Qā’emīyeh-ye Do; also known as Kāmiāb and Qā’emīyeh) is a village in Azadegan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qaemiyeh-ye Do	Azadegan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brule River State Forest is a state forest located in Douglas County, Wisconsin, U.S.A. that encompasses the Bois Brule River for most of its length from its headwaters to Lake Superior.	Brule River State Forest	Douglas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gahmar is a village in India, located near the Ganges river in the Ghazipur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh.	Gahmar	Ghazipur district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinsing District (Chinese: 新興區; Hanyu Pinyin: Xīnxīng Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Sinsing Cyu; Wade--Giles: Hsin1-hsing1 Ch'ü1) is a downtown district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Sinsing District	Kaohsiung City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roper River is a large perennial river located in the Katherine region of the Northern Territory, Australia.	Roper River	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mooney Mooney Creek Bridge, popularly known as the Mooney Mooney Bridge, is a twin cantilever bridge that spans Mooney Mooney Creek in Brisbane Water National Park on the Central Coast of New South Wales as part of the Pacific Motorway.	Mooney Mooney Bridge	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eravimangalam is a village in Thrissur and Malappuram districts, Kerala, India.	Eravimangalam	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taching am See is a municipality in the district of Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.	Taching am See	Traunstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosa Parks Circle is a plaza located in the heart of Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Rosa Parks Circle	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gościmiec (ɡɔɕˈt͡ɕimjɛt͡s) (German: Gottschimmerbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyn, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Gościmiec	Gmina Zwierzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhauwapar is a village in the Gorakhpur district, Uttar Pradesh in India, near the border with Nepal.It is situated 15 km apart from Gorakhpur city.	Bhauwapar	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moore Park Nature Reserve is a small remnant of ``gallery'' or ``riverine'' rainforest in Northern New South Wales.	Moore Park Nature Reserve	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Themelthorpe is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, 3 miles (4.8 km) north west of Reepham.	Themelthorpe	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Deldar (Persian: چاه دلدار ‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Deldar	Shuru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahnu Shotori (Persian: كهنوشتري‎, also Romanized as Kahnū Shotorī; also known as Kahnūj-e Shotorī) is a village in Berentin Rural District, Bikah District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kahnu Shotori	Berentin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiswell (once known as Chesilton) is a small fishing village at the southern end of Chesil Beach, in Underhill, on the Isle of Portland in Dorset, and is the oldest settlement on the island.	Chiswell	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Key Ranch Historic District, also known simply as Key Ranch, is a historic ranch and Victorian ranch house located in Placentia, Orange County, California Two acres of the former ranch is now the George Key Ranch Historic Park operated by Orange County Parks.	George Key Ranch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Khvoshablu (Persian: علي ابادخوشابلو‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Khvoshāblū) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 5 families.	Aliabad-e Khvoshablu	Siyakh Darengun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalu (Persian: زالو‎, also Romanized as Zālū and Zaloo) is a village in Amanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Zalu	Amanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bettenauer Weiher (or Bettenauerweier) is a reservoir between Jonschwil and Oberuzwil in the Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.	Bettenauer Weiher	Canton of St. Gallen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zervreilasee is a reservoir located south-west of Vals in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Zervreilasee	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landon Arena, better known as the Kansas Expocentre and formerly known as the Sunflower State Expocentre, is a 10,000-seat multi-purpose arena built in 1987 in Topeka, Kansas.	Landon Arena	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cain's Ballroom is a historic music venue located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, built in 1924 to serve as a garage for W. Tate Brady's automobiles.	Cain's Ballroom	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hill Military Academy was a private, College preparatory military academy in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Hill Military Academy	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Sang (Persian: بالاسنگ‎, also Romanized as Bālā Sang; also known as Balasa) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bala Sang	Misheh Pareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotia Square is a commercial development in Downtown Halifax managed by Crombie REIT, in the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia.	Scotia Square	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nelson Dewey Generating Station was a base load, coal fired, electrical power station located in Cassville, Wisconsin in Grant County.	Nelson Dewey Generating Station	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crugyreryr is a hamlet in the community of Llandysiliogogo, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 65.9 miles (106 km) from Cardiff and 183.5 miles (295.3 km) from London.	Crugyreryr	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janowiec Szlachecki (jaˈnɔvjɛt͡s ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Janowiec Szlachecki	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pickett CCC Memorial State Park (also known simply as Pickett State Park) is a Tennessee state park in the upper Cumberland Mountains.	Pickett CCC Memorial State Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arzaqan (Persian: ارزقان‎, also Romanized as Arzaqān; also known as Arzaghān and Arzoghān) is a village in Salehan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Arzaqan	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karjasilta is a district in the Höyhtyä area in the city of Oulu, Finland.	Karjasilta	Oulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Walton Academy (GWA) is a private school in Monroe, Georgia, USA for students in grades K4-12th.	George Walton Academy	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maszewice (maʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Maszewice	Gmina Wronki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahau (Chinese: 馬口) is the principal town of Jempol district, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Bahau	Jempol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rice Memorial High School is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school in South Burlington, Vermont.	Rice Memorial High School	South Burlington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quincy Shore Reservation is a protected shoreline on Quincy Bay, Boston Harbor in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Quincy Shore Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lockport Cave can refer to one of two caverns beneath the city of Lockport, New York.	Lockport Cave	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralph Korte Stadium, also known as ``The Ralph'', is a 4,000 seat stadium located on the campus of Southern Illinois University Edwardsville in Edwardsville, Illinois.	Ralph Korte Stadium	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobre nad Kwisą (ˈdɔbrɛ ˌnat ˈkfisɔ̃) (German: Dober-Pause) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Dobre nad Kwisą	Gmina Żagań
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żydówek (ʐɨˈduvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Żydówek	Gmina Kije
located in the administrative territorial entity	Genesee Theatre is a concert hall and movie palace in Waukegan, Illinois.	Genesee Theatre	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javark (Persian: جورك‎; also known as Javarg and Jeverg) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Javark	Shesh Pir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khivali (Persian: خيولي‎, also Romanized as Khīvalī; also known as Ḩīvalī and Khīvahlī) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Khivali	Sheykh Musa Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reutlingen Hauptbahnhof is the main station in Reutlingen in the German State of Baden-Württemberg.	Reutlingen Hauptbahnhof	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turan-e Fars (Persian: توران فارس‎, also Romanized as Tūrān-e Fārs; also known as Tūrān-e Fārsī) is a village in Daland Rural District, in the Central District of Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Turan-e Fars	Daland Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Pelion Hut is an alpine hut located in Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in the Central Highlands of Tasmania.	Old Pelion Hut	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jinshanling (simplified Chinese: 金山岭; traditional Chinese: 金山嶺; pinyin: Jīnshānlǐng), is a section of the Great Wall of China located in the mountainous area in Luanping County, 125 km northeast of Beijing.	Jinshanling	Luanping County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynaki (Persian: حسينكي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynakī; also known as Husainaki) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Hoseynaki	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvorshid Kola (Persian: خورشيدكلا‎, also Romanized as Khvorshīd Kolā and Khowrshīd Kolā; also known as Khūzshīd Kolā) is a village in Azadegan Rural District, in the Central District of Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khvorshid Kola	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damaragidda (Telugu: దామరగిద్ద) is a mandal and panchayat village in Mahbubnagar district, Telangana.	Damaragidda	Mahbubnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skytrail Bridge spans the South Saskatchewan River in Outlook, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Skytrail	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salcott cum Virley is a village in the Colchester borough of Essex, England, and forms part of the Winstred Hundred civil parish.	Salcott cum Virley	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CN Sportplex is a large recreational facility located in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	CN Sportplex	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rishton is a township in the Hyndburn district of Lancashire, England, about 2 miles (3 km) west of Clayton-le-Moors and 4 miles (6 km) north-east of Blackburn.	Rishton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stark Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge over the Upper Ammonoosuc River in Stark, New Hampshire.	Stark Covered Bridge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santi Bartolomeo ed Alessandro dei Bergamaschi (Saint Bartholomew the Apostle and Alexander of Bergamo of the inhabitants of Bergamo) is a little church in Piazza Colonna in Rome, Italy, next to Palazzo Wedekind.	Santi Bartolomeo ed Alessandro dei Bergamaschi	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khokon (also spelled as Khokawn) is a Kuki village in the Indian state of Manipur, Senapati district, Saikul Constituency, in Sadar Hills.	Khokon	Manipur	Senapati district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halton Hills is a town in the Regional Municipality of Halton, located in the northwestern end of the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario, Canada.	Halton Hills	Regional Municipality of Halton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manchester School of Technology (MST) is a school located at 530 South Porter Street, in Manchester, New Hampshire.	Manchester School of Technology	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukhpur is village in North Bihar.	Sukhpur	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Birdville Center of Technology and Advanced Learning (BCTAL) is a magnet school in the Birdville Independent School District, located in North Richland Hills, Texas.	Birdville Center of Technology and Advanced Learning	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobczyce (sɔpˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland.	Sobczyce	Gmina Kotla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Mokhtar (Persian: ده مختار‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Mokhtār; also known as Deh-e Āqā Mokhtārī and Mokhtār) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Mokhtar	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Küstrin-Kietz is a small village located in the German state of Brandenburg, at the Oder river and the border with Poland.	Küstrin-Kietz	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radville is a small valley town in southern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Radville	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thailavaram is a developing village located along National Highway 45 near Guduvancheri that connects Chennai with the cities in southern and western Tamil Nadu.	Thailavaram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ślęzany (ɕlɛ̃ˈzanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ślęzany	Gmina Lelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEYA (88.5 FM), is a National Public Radio member public radio station in Belcourt, North Dakota.	KEYA	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Person County Airport (ICAO: KTDF, FAA LID: TDF) is a county-owned, public-use airport in Person County, North Carolina, United States.	Person County Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Point Tower is a high-rise residential building located on a promontory of the Lake Michigan lakefront in downtown Chicago, just north of the Chicago River at 505 North Lake Shore Drive.	Lake Point Tower	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	PT Boat Museum is located in Fall River, Massachusetts as part of Battleship Cove.	PT Boat Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Palisade Glacier consists of two glaciers in the Sierra Nevada mountains, in the U.S. state of California.	Middle Palisade Glacier	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flyin' B Airport (FAA LID: 39R) is an airport located in unincorporated Brazoria County, Texas, United States.	Flyin' B Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jacob Vanderbeck Jr. House, located in Fair Lawn, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, is a typical historic house of the American colonial architecture style called Dutch Colonial on Dunkerhook Road, adjacent to the Saddle River County Park.	Jacob Vanderbeck Jr. House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sawston has been earmarked for development to meet Cambridgeshire's ever-growing housing needs, including a recent development led by South Cambridgeshire District Council.	Sawston	South Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lębork County (Polish: powiat lęborski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the Baltic coast.	Lębork County	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crawford County Airport (ICAO: KRSV, FAA LID: RSV) is a public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) east of the central business district of Robinson, a city in Crawford County, Illinois, United States.	Crawford County Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLGO (1260 AM) is a sports radio station in Austin, Texas.	KLGO	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadtallendorf station is a through station at the 82.1 km mark of the Main-Weser Railway in the town of Stadtallendorf in the German state of Hesse.	Stadtallendorf station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Posht (Persian: كل پشت‎) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kal Posht	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meillac (Breton: Melieg, Gallo: Melhac) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Meillac	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lackenbach lies in the Oberpullendorf District, the Middle Burgenland and is not divided into any districts.	Lackenbach	Oberpullendorf District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRKQ (95.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mountain Village, Colorado and serving the Telluride, Colorado area.	KRKQ	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFXD (103.3 FM, 103-FXD) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format in Marquette, Michigan.	WFXD	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shri Sonana Khetlaji (सोनाणा खेतलाजी) is a temple of Shri Khetlaji located in the village Sonana of Desuri tehsil of Pali district in Indian state of Rajasthan.	Sonana Khetlaji	Pali district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avigliana is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, with about 11,000 inhabitants, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Turin.	Avigliana	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tichnor Rice Dryer and Storage Building is a historic rice processing facility at 1030 Arkansas Highway 44 in Tichnor, Arkansas.	Tichnor Rice Dryer and Storage Building	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flint Hills Discovery Center is a municipal heritage and science center located in the city of Manhattan, Kansas.	Flint Hills Discovery Center	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fèves (German: Fewen from 1915-1918 and 1940-1944) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Fèves	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Pedro River Preserve is a Nature Conservancy preserve in Dudleyville, Arizona.	San Pedro River Preserve	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamysłowo (zamɨˈswɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zamysłowo	Gmina Stęszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tworkowo (tfɔrˈkɔvɔ) (German: Nachod) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Las, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tworkowo	Gmina Suchy Las
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarence House is a royal residence in London, situated on The Mall, in the City of Westminster.	Clarence House	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston City Hospital (1864--1996) in Boston, Massachusetts, was a public hospital, located in Boston's South End.	Boston City Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albé (German: Erlenbach) is a commune in the Bas Rhin département in Alsace in north-astern France.	Albé	Bas Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsing Yi Park (Chinese: 青衣公園) is a public park on the Tsing Yi Island, Hong Kong with Tsing Yi Estate, Tsing Yi Garden, Broadview Garden and St. Paul's Village in its proximity.	Tsing Yi Park	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ynysawdre is a small community in Bridgend County Borough, south Wales.	Ynysawdre	Bridgend County Borough	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jhakar Bigha is a small village in Rohtas district, in the Indian state of Bihar.	Jhakar Bigha	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moosehead Lake is the largest lake in the U.S. state of Maine and the largest mountain lake in the eastern United States.	Moosehead Lake	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dam-e Tang-e Molghun (Persian: دم تنگ ملغون‎, also Romanized as Dam-e Tang-e Molghūn; also known as Dam-e Tang) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dam-e Tang-e Molghun	Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexis Whitecourt Indian Reserve 232 is an Indian reserve in Alberta.	Alexis Whitecourt Indian Reserve 232	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haverstraw Heliport (FAA LID: H43) is a privately owned, public use heliport located one nautical mile (2 km) east of Haverstraw, a village in the Town of Haverstraw, Rockland County, New York, United States.	Haverstraw Heliport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collegiate Parish Church of St Paul's Shipwreck, also known as simply the Church of St Paul's Shipwreck, is a Roman Catholic parish church in Valletta, Malta.	Collegiate Parish Church of St Paul's Shipwreck	Valletta
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Juan y Martínez (Spanish pronunciation: (saŋ ˈxwan i maɾˈtines)) is a municipality and town in the Pinar del Río Province of Cuba.	San Juan y Martínez	Pinar del Río Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Els Pets is a Catalan pop rock band with lead singer, composer and guitarist Lluís Gavaldà from the village of Constantí (province of Tarragona, Catalonia).	Els Pets	Constantí	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erbeh Bon (Persian: اربه بن‎; also known as Esberahan) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Erbeh Bon	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Farnum's Gate Historic District is a historic district encompassing a neighborhood of Blackstone, Massachusetts, associated with the locally prominent Farnum family.	Farnum's Gate Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilayil is a small village in Kerala, India, near the cities of Kondotty, Kizhisseri and Areekode.	Vilayil	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enterprise State Community College is a community college located in Enterprise, in the U.S. state of Alabama.	Enterprise State Community College	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Spokane Ski and Snowboard Park is a ski resort in the western United States, located inside Mount Spokane State Park in Spokane County, Washington, about 23 miles (37 km) northeast of Spokane via State Route 206.	Mount Spokane Ski and Snowboard Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nehriq (Persian: نهريق‎, also Romanized as Nehrīq; also known as Nahrigh, Nehrlīq, Nīrīkh, and Nyrykh) is a village in Ozomdel-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nehriq	Ozomdel-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gheysiyeh (Persian: غيثيه‎, also Romanized as Gheys̄īyeh; also known as Gheysheh and Nahr-e Gheys̄īyeh) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gheysiyeh	Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nationale Watersportbaan Georges Nachez, is a five lane rowing race course in the Belgian city of Ghent.	Watersportbaan	Ghent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Heydarbeygi (Persian: تازه ابادحيدربيگي‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Ḩeydarbeygī and Tāzehābād Ḩeydar Beygī; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Cheleh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Heydarbeygi	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chateau Theatre originally opened as a Vaudeville house in Rochester, Minnesota, United States, that opened in 1927 with an interior decorated as a medieval village.	Chateau Theatre	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Messalonskee Lake is a body of water in the Belgrade Lakes region of Maine.	Messalonskee Lake	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic England website contains details of a total of 16 listed buildings in the parish of Orlingbury.	Orlingbury	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	As Hajji (Persian: اس حاجي‎, also Romanized as Ās Ḩājjī; also known as Āsīājī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	As Hajji	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée de l'Amérique francophone (formerly the Musée de l'Amérique française) is situated in old Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	Musée de l'Amérique francophone	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cangas de Onís (Asturian: Cangues d'Onís) is a municipality in the eastern part of the province and autonomous community of Asturias in the northwest of Spain.	Cangas de Onís	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beale Memorial Clock Tower is a clock tower located in Bakersfield, California.	Beale Memorial Clock Tower	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazmak-e Sofla (Persian: بزمكسفلي‎, also Romanized as Bazmak-e Soflá; also known as Bazmak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bazmak-e Sofla	Sornabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Páirc Esler (pronounced (ˈpˠaːɾʲc ˈɛslər)) is a Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) stadium in Newry, CountyDown, Northern Ireland.	Páirc Esler	Newry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Undy (Welsh: Gwndy) is a village in Monmouthshire, south east Wales, adjoining the village of Magor with which it forms the community and parish of ``Magor with Undy''.	Undy	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayou Grande Cheniere Mounds (16 PL 159) is an archaeological site in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana built by the Coastal Coles Creek culture.	Bayou Grande Cheniere Mounds	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Century Plaza Tower A (Chinese: 新世纪广场A座) is a 255.2 metre (837 foot) tall skyscraper located in Nanjing, China.	New Century Plaza Tower A	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bordlands is a village in the Parish of Newlands in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland.	Bordlands	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajno Podjeziorne (ˈtai̯nɔ pɔdjɛˈʑɔrnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tajno Podjeziorne	Gmina Bargłów Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omeath (Irish: Ó Méith) is a village on the R173 regional road in County Louth, Ireland, close to the border with Northern Ireland.	Omeath	County Louth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Gołkowska (ˈvɔla ɡɔu̯ˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Gołkowska	Gmina Piaseczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern Union Gas Company Building is a historic building in downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is notable as one of the earliest International style buildings in the city.	Southern Union Gas Company Building	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salman Shahr (Persian: سلمان شهر‎, also Romanized as Salmān Shahr; formerly, Motel Qū (Persian: متل قو) and Saqikelayeh (Persian: ساقيكِلايِه), also Romanized as Sāqīkelāyeh) is a city in and capital of Salman Shahr District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Salman Shahr	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakley Youth Development Center (OYDC), formerly known as Oakley Training School is a juvenile correctional facility of the Mississippi Department of Human Services located in unincorporated Hinds County, Mississippi, near Raymond.	Oakley Youth Development Center	Hinds County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dnistryk-Dubovyi (Ukrainian: Дністрик-Дубовий, Polish: Dnięstrzyk Dębowy) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Dnistryk-Dubovyi	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victor J. Andrew High School, Andrew, or VJA, is a public four-year high school located in Tinley Park, Illinois, a southwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Victor J. Andrew High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arab al-Mulk (Arabic: عرب الملك‎, also spelled Arab al-Milk, Beldi al-Melek, Balda al-Milk or Beldeh) is a coastal village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Jableh District in the Latakia Governorate, located south of Latakia.	Arab al-Mulk	Jableh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Danish America (formerly the Danish Immigrant Museum) is a national museum located in Elk Horn, Iowa.	Museum of Danish America	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Churchill in Churchill, Manitoba, Canada is a port on Hudson Bay, part of the Arctic Ocean.	Port of Churchill	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	CIPU-FM is a First Nations community radio station which will broadcast at 97.1 MHz/FM in Supekne'kati, Nova Scotia, Canada.	CIPU-FM	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pey Posht (Persian: پي پشت‎, also Romanized as Peyposht and Pey-ye Posht; also known as Payi Pusht) is a village in Ramkan Rural District, in the Central District of Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pey Posht	Ramkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Werder (Havel) (official name derived from Werder an der Havel (``Werder upon Havel''), colloquially just Werder), is a town in the state of Brandenburg, Germany, located on the Havel river in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district, west of the state's capital Potsdam.	Werder (Havel)	Potsdam-Mittelmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravila (German: Meks) is a small borough (alevik) in Kose Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.	Ravila	Kose Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Marcos La Laguna is a village on the western shore of Lago Atitlán in the Sololá Department of Guatemala.	San Marcos La Laguna	Sololá Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ordos International Circuit(Chinese:鄂尔多斯国际赛车场), built in 2010, is a motorsport facility located in Kangbashi New Area, Ordos City, Inner Mongolia, China.	Ordos International Circuit	Ordos City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United Wireless Arena is a multi-purpose venue in Dodge City, Kansas built in 2011.	United Wireless Arena	Dodge City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Campo Verano (Italian: Cimitero del Verano) is a cemetery in Rome that was founded in the early nineteenth century.	Campo Verano	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Cheshmeh (Persian: باباچشمه‎, also Romanized as Bābā Cheshmeh) is a village in Azari Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baba Cheshmeh	Azari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frederic Remington Art Museum is an art museum in Ogdensburg, New York that focuses on the work of Frederic Remington.	Frederic Remington Art Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lycoming College is small undergraduate liberal arts college located in Williamsport, Pennsylvania accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.	Lycoming College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guitarrero Cave is located in the Callejón de Huaylas valley in Yungay Province, in the Ancash region of Peru.	Guitarrero Cave	Yungay Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ksabi (Arabic: ﻗﺼﺎﺑﻰ‎) is a town and commune in Ouled Khodeïr District, Béchar Province, in western Algeria.	Ksabi	Ouled Khodeïr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leonie Pray House, also known as ``Dawson-Pray House,'' is a Long Beach Historic Landmark located in the Bixby Knolls section of Long Beach, California.	Leonie Pray House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbia Southern Hotel, also known as the Shaniko Hotel, is a historic hotel, located in Shaniko, Oregon, United States.	Columbia Southern Hotel	Shaniko, Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galleh Dar Rural District (Persian: دهستان گله دار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Galleh Dar District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Galleh Dar Rural District	Galleh Dar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The department of Sarthe is at the north end of the administrative region of Pays-de-la-Loire.	Sarthe	Pays-de-la-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium (Dutch: Koninklijke Musea voor Schone Kunsten van België, French: Musées royaux des Beaux-Arts de Belgique) are a group of art museums in Brussels, Belgium.	Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rupelmonde is a town in the municipality of Kruibeke, in the Belgian province of East Flanders.	Rupelmonde	Kruibeke
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyoming Catholic College is a private, Catholic liberal arts college in Lander, Wyoming.	Wyoming Catholic College	Lander
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ärtholmen is a neighbourhood of Malmö, situated in the Borough of Hyllie, Malmö Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden.	Ärtholmen	Hyllie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Qezelbash (Persian: چاه قزلباش‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Qezelbāsh) is a village in Abreis Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Qezelbash	Abreis Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panskura Paschim (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 32 Ghatal (Lok Sabha constituency).	Panskura Paschim (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Ghatal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marymount Secondary School (Chinese: 瑪利曼中學) is a Band 1 EMI Roman Catholic girls' secondary school in Happy Valley, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Marymount Secondary School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Qatar Ladies Open, known as the Qatar Total Open for sponsorship reasons, is a tennis tournament held in Doha, Qatar.	Qatar Ladies Open	Doha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bloom Township High School District 206 is a public high school district that serves Bloom Township, Illinois.	Bloom Township High School District 206	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crowlin Islands (Scottish Gaelic: Na h-Eileanan Cròlainneach) are a group of uninhabited islands in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.	Crowlin Islands	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forsyth Country Day School is an independent, coeducational, nonsectarian, college-preparatory day school, established in 1970, and located in Lewisville, North Carolina.	Forsyth Country Day School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Preczów (ˈprɛt͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Preczów	Gmina Psary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McLeod Building is a historic office building located in Downtown Edmonton.	McLeod Building	Edmonton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gołczewo (ɡɔu̯ˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) (Kashubian: Gôłcéwò) is a village in Gmina Parchowo, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gołczewo	Gmina Parchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caledonia/Grand River Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNC6), was located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) west of Caledonia, Ontario, Canada.	Caledonia/Grand River Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harwood Union High School is a mid-sized public secondary school located in South Duxbury, Vermont.	Harwood Union High School	Duxbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrzyjałowo (dɔbʐɨjaˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dobrzyjałowo	Gmina Piątnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferrell-Holt House, also known as ``Kirkside,'' is a historic home located at Moundsville, Marshall County, West Virginia.	Ferrell-Holt House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seven Troughs Range is a mountain range in western Pershing County, Nevada.	Seven Troughs Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quartier-Français is a village on the island of Réunion, located on its northeastern coast in the commune of Sainte-Suzanne.	Quartier-Français	Sainte-Suzanne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shab Mah (Persian: شب ماه‎, also Romanized as Shab Māh) is a village in Bardesareh Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shab Mah	Bardesareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mercantile Continental Building is located at 1810 Commerce Street in downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	Mercantile Continental Building	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Texas State Cemetery (TSC) is a cemetery located on about 22 acres (8.9 ha) just east of Downtown Austin, the capital of the U.S. state of Texas.	Texas State Cemetery	Austin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان رودشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jolgeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Rudasht Rural District	Jolgeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Noranda Caldera is a well-known large subaqueous Archean caldera complex within the Blake River Megacaldera Complex, Quebec, Canada.	Noranda Caldera	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anbaj (Persian: انباج‎, also Romanized as Anbāj) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District, Lavasanat District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Anbaj	Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Anselm's Abbey School is an all-boys preparatory school for grades six through twelve in Washington D.C..	St. Anselm's Abbey School	Washington D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudy Puszczańskie (ˈdudɨ puʂˈt͡ʂaɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dudy Puszczańskie	Gmina Łyse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deseronto is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario, in Hastings County, located at the mouth of the Napanee River on the shore of the Bay of Quinte, on the northern side of Lake Ontario.	Deseronto	Hastings County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skogman Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Skogman Lake	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Otishi National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Otishi) is a protected area in Peru located in the Junín Region (84,5%), Junín Province and Satipo Province, Río Tambo District and in the Cusco Region (15,5%), La Convención Province, Echarate District.	Otishi National Park	Junín Region	Cusco Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paw Paw River is located in the U.S. state of Michigan in the southwest portion of the lower peninsula.	Paw Paw River	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Perry is a community located in Scugog Township in Durham Regional Municipality, Ontario, Canada.	Port Perry	Scugog
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cuaspud (Spanish pronunciation: (kwasˈpuð)) is a town and municipality in the Nariño Department, Colombia.	Cuaspud	Nariño Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehu-ye Sofla (Persian: دهوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Dehū-ye Soflá; also known as Dehū-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehu-ye Sofla	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marshfield Elks Temple, also known as B.P.O.E. Lodge No.1160, is a Georgian building in Coos Bay, Oregon.	Marshfield Elks Temple	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Droginia (drɔˈɡiɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślenice, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Droginia	Gmina Myślenice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smardzewice (smard͡zɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Smardzewice	Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatipaka is a village in Razole mandal, East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Tatipaka	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ovesholm Castle (Swedish: Ovesholm slott) is a castle in Kristianstad Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Ovesholm Castle	Kristianstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozhym (Russian: Кожым) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of republic significance of Inta in the Komi Republic, Russia.	Kozhym	Inta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karrinyup Road is a major east-west road in the inner northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, connecting the City of Stirling council offices, Osborne Park Hospital and Karrinyup Shopping Centre with residential estates in Innaloo, Stirling and Balcatta.	Karrinyup Road	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cloud County Veterans Memorial is a monument located in Concordia, Kansas.	Cloud County Veterans Memorial	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węgle-Żukowo (ˈvɛnɡlɛ ʐuˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Węgle-Żukowo	Gmina Markusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meispelt (Luxembourgish: Meespelt or Meester) is a small town in the commune of Kehlen, in western Luxembourg.	Meispelt	Kehlen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baraigne passed from the canton of Salles sur l'Hers to that of Saint-Michel-de-Lanès which was newly created.	Baraigne	canton of Salles sur l'Hers
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edwards Archaeological Site is an archaeological site in Beckham County, Oklahoma, near the town of Carter.	Edwards Archaeological Site	Beckham County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joghatai County (Persian: شهرستان جغتای‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Joghatai County	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Leśna (ˈvulka ˈlɛɕna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Leśna	Gmina Siedlce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olmai-ye Sofla (Persian: الماي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Olmāī-ye Soflá; also known as Owlmā-ye Pā'īn and Ūlmā-ye Soflá) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Olmai-ye Sofla	Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Fort Harrod State Park is a park located in Harrodsburg, Kentucky in the United States.	Old Fort Harrod State Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Mayeli-ye Gardbisheh (Persian: سي ميلي گردبيشه‎, also Romanized as Sī Mayelī-e Gardbīsheh; also known as Gerd Bīsheh, Gird Bisheh, Sī Māyelī, and Sīmīlī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Si Mayeli-ye Gardbisheh	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudkənd (also, Makhmudkend) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan.	Mahmudkənd	Sharur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chai Wan Kok (Chinese: 柴灣角) is an area in Tsuen Wan of Hong Kong.	Chai Wan Kok	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pati, Zahedan (Persian: پتی‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pati, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKZZ (92.5 FM) is a country radio station licensed to Tifton, Georgia, USA broadcasting as 92-5 KZZ--	WKZZ	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alief Independent School District is a school district that is based in southwest Houston, Texas, United States.	Alief Independent School District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bronx Municipal Building, later known as Bronx Borough Hall and eventually as Old Bronx Borough Hall (1897-1969), was the original administrative headquarters of the Bronx Borough President and other local civic leaders in the Bronx, New York City.	Bronx Borough Hall	The Bronx
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burzakan (Persian: بورزكان‎, also Romanized as Būrzakān; also known as Borzakān and Borzekān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Burzakan	Khvajehei Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ménilmontant (French pronunciation: ​(menilmɔ̃tɑ̃)) is a neighbourhood of Paris, situated in the city's 20th arrondissement.	Ménilmontant	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Route 66 Raceway is a motorsports facility located in Joliet, Illinois.	Route 66 Raceway	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ketchikan Ranger House at 309 Gorge St. in Ketchikan, Alaska was built in 1916 in the residential Captain's Hill district of Ketchikan.	Ketchikan Ranger House	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPCA-LP is an Adult Standards, Middle of the Road, and Jazz formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Amery, Wisconsin.	WPCA-LP	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mbomou River or Bomu (also spelled M'bomou in French) forms part of the boundary between the Central African Republic (CAR) and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Mbomou River	Central African Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danson House is a Georgian mansion (today a Grade I listed building) at the centre of Danson Park, in Welling in the London Borough of Bexley, south-east London.	Danson House	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gitwangak Battle Hill National Historic Site, formerly known as Kitwanga Fort National Historic Site is a National Historic Site of Canada located at Kitwanga, British Columbia in the Skeena Country of Northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Gitwangak Battle Hill National Historic Site	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abraham Aiken House is a historic home and estate located at Willsboro in Essex County, New York.	Abraham Aiken House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangnam Station is a station in the Gangnam District of Seoul, on the Seoul Subway Line 2.	Gangnam Station	Gangnam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whynot, North Carolina is an unincorporated community in Randolph County, North Carolina, United States, and is included in the Piedmont Triad metropolitan region.	Whynot, North Carolina	Randolph County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stagecoach Dam is a gravity dam on the Yampa River in Routt County, Colorado, located about 20 miles (32 km) south of Steamboat Springs.	Stagecoach Dam	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zastawie-Kolonia (zasˈtavʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) (Ukrainian: Застав'є, Zastavye) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnystaw, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zastawie-Kolonia	Gmina Krasnystaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	When Schleswig and Holstein rebelled against Denmark in 1848 (the First Schleswig War), Kiel became the capital of Schleswig-Holstein until the Danish victory in 1850.	Kiel	Schleswig and Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claverdon is a village and civil parish in the Stratford district of Warwickshire, England, about 5 miles (8.0 km) west of the county town of Warwick.	Claverdon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daone (German: Don) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Trento.	Daone	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1 January 2010, Jaśliska has been the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jaśliska, which was formerly part of Gmina Dukla.	Jaśliska	Gmina Dukla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langstrasse (literally ``long street'') is a street and quarter in district 4 in Zürich.	Langstrasse	Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasienica-Parcele (jaɕɛˈnit͡sa parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jasienica-Parcele	Gmina Andrzejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Osprey School is a historic school built in 1926 in Osprey, Florida.	Osprey School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hachita Valley, (Spanish language hacho, hatchet-(axe), hachita, little hatchet; Little Hatchet Valley), is a small valley in southwest New Mexico.	Hachita Valley	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honggang District (simplified Chinese: 红岗区; traditional Chinese: 紅崗區; pinyin: Hónggǎng Qū) is a district of the city of Daqing, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Honggang District	Daqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klahhane Ridge is located just to the south of Port Angeles, Washington, USA near Hurricane Ridge in the Olympic National Park.	Klahhane Ridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lattimer massacre was the violent deaths of 19 unarmed striking immigrant anthracite coal miners at the Lattimer mine near Hazleton, Pennsylvania, on September 10, 1897.	Lattimer massacre	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Mount Rouse was a local government area about 270 kilometres (168 mi) west of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Mount Rouse	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plover Cove or Shuen Wan Hoi (Chinese: 船灣海; pinyin: Chuánwān Hǎi) is a cove in the Tai Po area of Hong Kong, near Tolo Channel and Tolo Harbour.	Plover Cove	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabinteely (Irish: Cábán tSíle, meaning ``Sheila's Cabin'') is a south-eastern suburb of Dublin in Ireland, in the administrative county of Dún Laoghaire-- Rathdown.	Cabinteely	Dún Laoghaire-- Rathdown
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Helena is the western portion of Helena-West Helena, Arkansas, a city in Phillips County, Arkansas, United States.	West Helena, Arkansas	Phillips County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łysonie (wɨˈsɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łysonie	Gmina Pisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamskie (ˈjamskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Jamskie	Gmina Włoszczowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velodromo Vigorelli is a 397-metre wood semi-covered velodrome in Milan, Italy.	Velodromo Vigorelli	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCJF (103.9 FM, ``iRock 1039'') is an Active Rock music radio station licensed to Earle, Arkansas, USA.	KCJF	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punta Raisi railway station (Italian: Stazione di Punta Raisi), is located within Palermo Airport (Italian: Aeroporto di Palermo ``Falcone e Borsellino'') (IATA code: PMO) in Cinisi, near Palermo, Sicily, Italy.	Punta Raisi railway station	Cinisi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robotno-Fitowo (rɔˈbɔtnɔ fiˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Robotno-Fitowo	Gmina Zbiczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Congregational Church and Parsonage, built in 1886, is a historic church located at 110 Bennett Street in Buffalo, Wyoming.	Union Congregational Church and Parsonage	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Kańska-Kolonia (ˈvulka ˈkaɲska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Kańska-Kolonia	Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raleigh County Memorial Airport (IATA: BKW, ICAO: KBKW, FAA LID: BKW) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Beckley, a city in Raleigh County, West Virginia, United States.	Raleigh County Memorial Airport	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilwa (ˈɡilva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gilwa	Gmina Prabuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Mills, built c. 1750, was a Georgian mansion in Hanover County, Virginia.	Rocky Mills	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshnigan (Persian: اشنيگان‎, also Romanized as Eshnīgān) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Eshnigan	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palitpur is a small village located near Burdwan town in Bardhaman district.	Palitpur	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hohenacker, once a town, is now part of Waiblingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Hohenacker	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kottakuppam (Tamil: கோட்டக்குப்பம்) is a panchayat town in Viluppuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Kottakuppam	Viluppuram
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andalo (German: Andel) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in north Italy, with some 1,050 inhabitants in 2010.	Andalo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putumayo District belonged to Maynas Province until Putumayo Province was created in May 5.	Putumayo District	Maynas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavakolabad Minooie (Persian: توکل‌آباد مینوئی ‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tavakolabad Minooie	Corrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiązownica Duża (vjɔ̃zɔvˈnit͡sa ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wiązownica Duża	Gmina Staszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Israel LaFleur Bridge is a concrete pillar vehicular bridge located in Lake Charles, Louisiana.	Israel LaFleur Bridge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Armed Forces Retirement Home-Washington is a retirement home for retirees of the United States Armed Forces located in the Park View neighborhood of Washington, D.C. The complex forms an historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.	Armed Forces Retirement Home-Washington	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Akademietheater in Vienna, Austria, is the smaller of two performance halls of the Burgtheater organization.	Akademietheater	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porażyn-Ośrodek (pɔˈraʐɨn ɔˈɕrɔdɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Porażyn-Ośrodek	Gmina Opalenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arumuganeri (Tamil: ஆறுமுகநேரி) is a panchayat town in Thoothukudi district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Arumuganeri	Thoothukudi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khajeh Mehrban (Persian: خواجه مهربان ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khajeh Mehrban	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perkiomen School is an independent, co-educational, boarding and day college preparatory school located in Pennsburg, Pennsylvania.	Perkiomen School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mustang Island State Park is a state park located south of the city of Port Aransas, Texas, United States on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico that covers 3,954 acres (1,600 ha) and has a 5-mile (8.0 km) beachfront.	Mustang Island State Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madhesra is a village situated in the Sitamarhi district of Bihar state, India.	Madhesra	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obljaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Обљај) is a village near Bosansko Grahovo in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Obljaj	Bosansko Grahovo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanterre is the capital of the Hauts-de-Seine department as well as the seat of the Arrondissement of Nanterre.	Nanterre	Hauts-de-Seine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namak Alan (Persian: نمكلان‎, also Romanized as Namak Ālān and Namak Kalān) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Namak Alan	Saidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unaweep Canyon is a geologically unique canyon that cuts across the Uncompahgre Plateau, Mesa County, in western Colorado.	Unaweep Canyon	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batavia Downs is a harness racing track and casino in Batavia, New York.	Batavia Downs	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielkie Rychnowo (ˈvjɛlkʲɛ rɨxˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wielkie Rychnowo	Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Aib (Persian: شيخ عيب‎, also Romanized as Sheykh ``Aīb) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 7 families.	Sheykh Aib	Jowzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mieczków (ˈmjɛt͡ʂkuf) (German: Metschkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mieczków	Gmina Kostomłoty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kościerzyn (kɔɕˈt͡ɕeʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kościerzyn	Gmina Wróblew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trumiejki (truˈmjɛi̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trumiejki	Gmina Prabuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Jasem (Persian: شيخ جاسم‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Jāsem; also known as Beyt-e Jāsem, and Sādāt Fāz̧el-e Yek) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Jasem	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eskeleh (Persian: اسكله‎; also known as Kūy-e Faraḩbakhsh and Kū-ye Faraḩ Bakhsh) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Eskeleh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCOM-LP is a community low-power FM radio station, broadcasting from Carrboro, North Carolina.	WCOM-LP	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogach (Scottish Gaelic: A' Bhogach) is a village on the Isle of Barra in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Bogach	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nemazja (Persian: نمازجا‎, also Romanized as Nemāzjā) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nemazja	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craggie Cat is a hill landform in the Mounth of the Grampian Mountains at the southern edge of Netherley, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Craggie Cat	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sam Barlow High School is a public high school in Gresham, Oregon, United States, in the Gresham-Barlow School District.	Sam Barlow High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surpura is an ancient village in Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India.	Surpura	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokre Łany (ˈmɔkrɛ ˈwanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mokre Łany	Gmina Strzelce Opolskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berum Castle is located in the Berum district the East Frisian town of Hage.	Berum Castle	Hage
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mudigonda is one of the mandal headquarters in Khammam district.	Mudigonda	Khammam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Qalandar (Persian: باغ قلندر‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Qalandar) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Qalandar	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharikabad-e Mokhtar Abbaslu (Persian: شريك ابادمختارعباسلو‎, also Romanized as Sharīkābād-e Mokhtār ʿAbbāslū; also known as Sharīkābād-e Mokhtār) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sharikabad-e Mokhtar Abbaslu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Dłutowska (ˈxuta dwuˈtɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Huta Dłutowska	Gmina Dłutów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamborowa (xambɔˈrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Hamborowa	Gmina Kodrąb
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipality of Noveleta (Filipino: Bayan ng Noveleta) is an urban municipality in the province of Cavite, Philippines.	Noveleta	Cavite
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rauhkofel or Rauchkofel (3,251 m above sea level (AA), Italian: Monte Fumo) is a summit on the main crest of the Zillertal Alps, which forms the border between the Austrian state of Tyrol and the Italian province of South Tyrol.	Rauhkofel	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sydney Cove is a small bay on the southern shore of Sydney Harbour, one of several harbours in Port Jackson, on the coast of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Sydney Cove	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spider Islands are a small archipelago in the north basin of Lake Winnipeg in Manitoba, Canada.	Spider Islands	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thiruvenkatam is a panchayat town Revenue Village in Sankarankovil Taluk , Panchayat Village in Kuruvikulam Block in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Thiruvenkatam	Tirunelveli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kennedy Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada located on the SW side of Kennedy Lake, SE of Tofino, British Columbia adjacent to the Pacific Rim National Park Reserve.	Kennedy Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wickenburg Massacre was the 5 November 1871 mass murder of six stagecoach passengers en route from Wickenburg, Arizona Territory, westbound for San Bernardino, California, on the La Paz road.	Wickenburg Massacre	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre Mapfre is a skyscraper in the Port Olímpic (Olympic Port), the maritime neighborhood of the Old City of Barcelona in Spain.	Torre Mapfre	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bilenke Pershe (Ukrainian: Біленьке Перше) is a village (a selo) in the Zaporizhia Raion (district) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine.	Bilenke Pershe	Zaporizhia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darab Kola (Persian: دارابكلا‎, also Romanized as Dārāb Kolā and Dārāb Kalā; also known as Dārab Qal``eh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,661, in 1,170 families.	Darab Kola	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harchegan (Persian: هرچگان‎, also Romanized as Harchegān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Harchegan	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celebrity Theatre is a theater in the round located in Phoenix, Arizona.	Celebrity Theatre	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bailieborough or Bailieboro (Irish: Coill an Chollaigh) is a town in County Cavan, Ireland.	Bailieborough	County Cavan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buguda is a town and a notified area committee in the Ghumusara province of Ganjam district in the state of Odisha, India.	Buguda	Ganjam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pennsbury Manor is a recreated colonial estate in Falls Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Pennsbury Manor	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barf Kola (Persian: بارفكلا‎, also Romanized as Bārf Kolā; also known as Bārfīkolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Barf Kola	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohnab-e Vasat (Persian: کهناب وسط‎, also Romanized as Kohnāb-e Vasaţ; also known as Konāb-e Vasaţ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kohnab-e Vasat	Hoseyniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egenolf Lake is a lake in northern Manitoba 75 kilometres south of the provincial boundary with Nunavut, Canada.	Egenolf Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVOC is a commercial radio station licensed to Casper, Wyoming operating on 1230 kHz.	KVOC	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faith Fellowship Ministries World Outreach Center is an independent non-denominational Christian ``megachurch'' in Sayreville, New Jersey, USA.	Faith Fellowship Ministries World Outreach Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lewis Range is a mountain range located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Montana, United States and extreme southern Alberta, Canada.	Lewis Range	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łąkówko (wɔnˈkufkɔ) (formerly German Lankow) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łąkówko	Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shunping County (simplified Chinese: 顺平县; traditional Chinese: 順平縣; pinyin: Shùnpíng Xiàn) is a county under the administration of Baoding prefecture-level city, Hebei, China.	Shunping County	Baoding
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haregaon (also Harigaon) is a village in Shrirampur, Ahmednagar District, Maharashtra, India.	Haregaon	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vakadu is a village on the bank of Swarnamukhi/Suvarnamukhi and a Mandal in Nellore district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Vakadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bézenet (Occitan, Besenet) is a commune in the Allier department in central France.	Bézenet	Allier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atwater High School is a secondary school in Atwater, California and a part of the Merced Union High School District.	Atwater High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Milton J. Rubenstein Museum of Science and Technology (often referred to as the MOST) is a museum located in the Armory Square neighborhood of Downtown Syracuse, New York.	Milton J. Rubenstein Museum of Science and Technology	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bykowce (bɨˈkɔft͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Биківці, Bykivtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bykowce	Gmina Sanok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chobotki (xɔˈbɔtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chobotki	Gmina Knyszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raigarh district is a district of the state of Chhattisgarh, in India.	Raigarh district	Chhattisgarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chi Omega Greek Theatre is a structure on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville, Arkansas.	Chi Omega Greek Theatre	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerameies (Greek: Κεραμειές, also Κεραμιές - Keramies) is a community located in the southern part of the island of Kefalonia.	Kerameies	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardston Airport, (TC LID: CEA6), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) southeast of Cardston, Alberta, Canada.	Cardston Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golądkowo (ɡɔlɔntˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Golądkowo	Gmina Winnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh Deraz-e Mushemi (Persian: بنه درازموشمي‎, also Romanized as Boneh Derāz-e Mūshemī) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Boneh Deraz-e Mushemi	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilibhit district is one of the districts in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India, and Pilibhit city is the district headquarters.	Pilibhit district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mangwaki is a village in Gurgaon district in the Indian state of Haryana dominated by yadav caste .	Mangwaki	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tol-e Semengi (Persian: تل سمنگي‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Semengī; also known as Tal-e Sīmīng) is a village in Hangam Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tol-e Semengi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place Ampère is a pedestrian square located in the Ainay square, in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.	Place Ampère	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbot Hall Art Gallery is a museum and gallery in Kendal, England.	Abbot Hall Art Gallery	Kendal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goat's Hair Twin Caves are in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Goat's Hair Twin Caves	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalili-ye Bozorg (Persian: شليلي بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Shalīlī-ye Bozorg; also known as Shahaili, Shalīli, and Shalīlī-ye Bālā) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shalili-ye Bozorg	Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coolidge Municipal Airport (FAA LID: P08) is a city-owned public airport five miles (8 km) southeast of Coolidge, in Pinal County, Arizona.	Coolidge Municipal Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponzano Monferrato is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) east of Turin and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Alessandria.	Ponzano Monferrato	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geneva Steel was a steel mill located in Vineyard, Utah, United States, founded during World War II to enhance national steel output.	Geneva Steel	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shonkin Sag is a prehistoric fluvioglacial landform located along the northern edge of the Highwood Mountains in the state of Montana in the United States.	Shonkin Sag	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzemieczne-Sędki (stʂɛˈmjɛt͡ʂnɛ ˈsɛntki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strzemieczne-Sędki	Gmina Sypniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Pleasant Caldera is a large eroded Late Devonian volcanic caldera complex, located in the northern Appalachian Mountains of southwestern New Brunswick, Canada.	Mount Pleasant Caldera	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Antietam Furnace Complex Archeological Site is an archeological site at Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland.	Antietam Furnace Complex Archeological Site	Hagerstown
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHFR-FM is a Canadian English-language community FM radio station at 96.5 FM in Hornby Island, British Columbia.	CHFR-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ski Mont Rigaud is an alpine ski facility on the slopes of Rigaud Mountain, in the municipality of Rigaud, Quebec.	Ski Mont Rigaud	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Entally House was the family home of Thomas Reibey who was the Premier of Tasmania from 1876 to 1877.	Entally House	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziewięcierz (d͡ʑɛˈvʲɛnt͡ɕɛʂ) (Ukrainian: Дев'ятир, Devyatyr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Dziewięcierz	Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	SunWatch Indian Village / Archaeological Park is a reconstructed Fort Ancient Native American village next to the Great Miami River in Dayton, Ohio.	SunWatch Indian Village	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tredegar Square is a well-preserved Georgian square in the Mile End district of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Tredegar Square	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plaskynaston Lane is a demolished football stadium in Cefn Mawr, Wrexham, Wales.	Plaskynaston Lane	Cefn Mawr
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batković (Serbian Cyrillic: Батковић) is a village in the City of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Batković	Bijeljina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Årstad Church (Norwegian: Årstad kirke) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Årstad Church	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shatial is a transit station with archaeological significance on Karakoram Highway in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Shatial	Gilgit-Baltistan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velen is a municipality in the district Borken, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany with about 12,000 citizens.	Velen	Borken
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newburyport High School (NHS) is a public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Newburyport, Massachusetts and is part of the Newburyport Public School System.	Newburyport High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erayamkudy is a small village in the Thrissur District of the Kerala state of India.	Erayamkudy	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Smoky Mountains Heritage Center is a private non-profit museum located in Townsend, Tennessee, United States, near the city's entrance to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.	Great Smoky Mountains Heritage Center	Townsend, Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paard van Troje (Dutch for Trojan Horse) is a venue in The Hague, Netherlands founded in 1972 with the support of the alderman of culture from The Hague.	Paard van Troje	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangüesa (Basque: Zangoza) is a city in Navarre, Spain, 44.5 kilometers from Pamplona.	Sangüesa	Navarre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Callaghan is a volcanic peak located east of the headwaters of the Squamish River, just northeast of the Powder Mountain Icefield and just south of the Pemberton Icefield in the Sea to Sky Country of southwestern British Columbia, Canada, about 20 km directly west of the Resort Municipality of Whistler.	Mount Callaghan	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penygraig (Head of the Rock) is a village and community in the Rhondda Valley in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, within the historic county boundaries of Glamorgan, Wales.	Penygraig	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Cortlandt Village is a subsection of the Kingsbridge Heights section of the New York City borough of The Bronx.	Van Cortlandt Village	The Bronx
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celtic Manor Resort is a golf, spa and leisure hotel and resort in Newport, south Wales.	Celtic Manor Resort	Newport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westmoreland County Community College, commonly referred to as WCCC or 3C's, was founded in 1970 and is located in Youngwood, Pennsylvania, USA.	Westmoreland County Community College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Offagna is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region of Marche, about 11 kilometres (7 mi) southwest of Ancona.	Offagna	Province of Ancona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cubbie Station, the largest irrigation property in the southern hemisphere, is located near Dirranbandi, in south west Queensland, Australia.	Cubbie Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ladywell School, in Duke Street, Glasgow, Scotland, was a school for pupils between 12 and 16 who had learning difficulties.	Ladywell School	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakland Technical High School, known locally as Oakland Tech or simply ``Tech'', is a public high school in Oakland, California, and is operated under the jurisdiction of the Oakland Unified School District.	Oakland Technical High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cressing Temple is an ancient monument situated between Witham and Braintree in Essex, close to the villages of Cressing and White Notley.	Cressing Temple	Braintree
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandam Guh (Persian: گندم گوه‎, also Romanized as Gandam Gūh) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Gandam Guh	Bazarjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darakht Kaj (Persian: درخت كج‎) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darakht Kaj	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clifton House, previously known as Sandy Tavern, is a historic building located at 473 Bethlehem Pike in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania.	Clifton House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phillips Ridge is a mountain in central Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 33 km (21 mi) southeast of Gold River.	Phillips Ridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osłonki (ɔˈswɔŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Osłonki	Gmina Osięciny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davah Dashi (Persian: دوه داشي‎, also Romanized as Davah Dāshī) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Davah Dashi	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ignacio Berriochoa Farm near Dietrich, Idaho, United States, was built in 1920 by Basque stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa.	Ignacio Berriochoa Farm	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hendrikus DuBois House is located on Albany Post Road near the line between the towns of Gardiner and New Paltz in Ulster County, New York, USA, an area once known as Libertyville.	Hendrikus DuBois House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khamsian (Persian: خمسيان‎, also Romanized as Khamsīān and Kham Sīān; also known as Mazra``eh-ye Khām Sīāh) is a village in Kezab Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 185, in 50 families.	Khamsian	Kezab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seton Catholic Preparatory High School is a college preparatory, co-educational Catholic high school in Chandler, Arizona.	Seton Catholic Preparatory High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wurgwitz is a district of the Saxon city Freital in Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district.	Wurgwitz	Freital
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daganzo de Arriba is a Spanish municipality in the Comarca de Alcalá, located in the east of Autonomous Community of Madrid.	Daganzo de Arriba	Community of Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBFJ-FM (89.3 MHz/Channel 207) is an FM radio station licensed in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format.	WBFJ-FM	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hnanice (German: Gnadlersdorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Hnanice	Znojmo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Baptist Church of Cornish, now known as Trinity Church, is a historic church at Meriden Stage Road and NH 120 in Cornish Flat, New Hampshire.	First Baptist Church of Cornish	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tarpon Springs Historic District is a U.S. historic district in Tarpon Springs, Florida.	Tarpon Springs Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knocknahur (Irish: Cnoc na hUrra, meaning ``hill of the surety'') is a village in County Sligo, Ireland.	Knocknahur	County Sligo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar-e Ziarat (Persian: كنارزيارت‎, also Romanized as Konār-e Zīārat) is a village in Arad Rural District, Arad District, Gerash County, Fars Province, Iran.	Konar-e Ziarat	Arad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blenio Valley (Italian: Valle di Blenio) is a valley of the Lepontine Alps in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Blenio Valley	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Abirem is a small town in south Ghana and the capital of the Birim North District, a district in the Eastern Region of south Ghana.	New Abirem	Birim North District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brodne-Towarzystwo (ˈbrɔdnɛ tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brodne-Towarzystwo	Gmina Kiernozia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cairo Montenotte (Càiri in Ligurian - Còiri in Piedmontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of Genoa and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Savona.	Cairo Montenotte	Province of Savona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fatah Kandi (Persian: فتاح كندي‎, also Romanized as Fatāḩ Kandī and Fattāḩ Kandī) is a village in Zangebar Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Fatah Kandi	Zangebar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadole is a village in Flintshire, Wales; the name was originally Cat hole or Cathole and the village was known as this in living memory.	Cadole	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goliany (ɡɔˈljanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Goliany	Gmina Błędów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahang (Persian: ناهنگ‎, also Romanized as Nāhang) is a village in Mehran Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nahang	Mehran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rasayani is a town located in the Raigad district of Maharashtra, India.	Rasayani	Raigad district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Point Park, also known as Rocky Point, is situated along Burrard Inlet in Port Moody, British Columbia, next to the Port Moody Station Museum.	Rocky Point Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Mirza Hasan (Persian: چاه ميرزاحسن‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Mīrzā Ḩasan) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mirza Hasan	Baqerabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trewellard (grid reference SW376337) is a small village on the north coast road between St Just and St Ives in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trewellard	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narman, formerly Namervan and İd, is a town and district of Erzurum Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Narman	Erzurum Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colt Stadium was a Major League baseball stadium that formerly stood in Houston, Texas.	Colt Stadium	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuckstack is a mountain in the Great Smoky Mountains of Swain County, North Carolina, in the southeastern United States.	Shuckstack	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Talak (Persian: اب تلك‎, also Romanized as Āb Talak) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Ab Talak	Milas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadenberge (in High German, in Low Saxon: Cumbarg) is a municipality in the district of Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Cadenberge	Cuxhaven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradley Creek is a river in San Mateo County, California and is a tributary of the Pescadero Creek.	Bradley Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treburgie is a hamlet in the civil parish of Dobwalls and Trewidland, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Treburgie	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lund Highway is a road connecting Cedar City to the ghost town of Lund in Iron County, Utah.	Lund Highway	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad-e Deh Now (Persian: اسلام اباددهنو‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Deh Now; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Deh Now	Sarfaryab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paracuellos de Jarama (Stopnecks of Jarama in English) is a small town and municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain.	Paracuellos de Jarama	Community of Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanton's Mill is a historic grist mill complex located at Grantsville, Garrett County, Maryland, consisting of five interrelated buildings and structures.	Stanton's Mill	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George C. Thomas Memorial Library, also known as the North Star Borough Library is a historic former library building at 901 1st Avenue in Fairbanks, Alaska.	George C. Thomas Memorial Library	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Spring Vietnam Memorial is a war memorial located in Big Spring, Texas, United States, honoring American servicemen (especially those local to Big Spring) who gave their lives, became prisoners of war or went missing in action in the Vietnam War.	Big Spring Vietnam Memorial	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lehi City Hall at 51 N. Center St. in Lehi, Utah, known also as Old Lehi City Hall, was built during 1918-1926.	Lehi City Hall	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shivehi (Persian: شيوه اي‎, also Romanized as Shīveh'ī) is a village in Senderk Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shivehi	Senderk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qulanlu-ye Sofla (Persian: قولانلوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Qūlānlū-ye Soflá; also known as Qūlānlū-ye Pā’īn and Qūlānlū) is a village in Takmaran Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qulanlu-ye Sofla	Takmaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vazivar (Persian: وازيوار‎, also Romanized as Vāzīvār and Vāzīvar) is a village in Kalej Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vazivar	Kalej Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCVY is a local student-run high school radio station in Coventry, Rhode Island that broadcasts on 91.5 FM.	WCVY	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bangs Lake is a natural glacial lake that is located in Wauconda, Illinois.	Bangs Lake	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kujak Mahmudi (Persian: كوجك محمودئ‎, also Romanized as Kūjaḵ Maḥmūdi) is a village in Jakdan Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kujak Mahmudi	Jakdan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Tech High School is a full-time magnet public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades, located in North Bergen, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Hudson County Schools of Technology.	High Tech High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tripwell is a hamlet in western Whalsay in the parish of Nesting in the Shetland islands of Scotland.	Tripwell	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghimbav (German: Weidenbach; Hungarian: Vidombák) is a town in Braşov County, Transylvania, central Romania.	Ghimbav	Braşov County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 474 (I-474) is an Interstate Highway loop route that provides a southern bypass around the north central Illinois city of Peoria.	Interstate 474	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shadle Park High School is a four-year public secondary school in Spokane, Washington, part of Spokane Public Schools.	Shadle Park High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryńsk-Ostrowy (ˈbrɨɲsk ɔsˈtrɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bryńsk-Ostrowy	Gmina Lidzbark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frazier Mountain is a broad, pine-forested peak in the San Emigdio Mountains of the Transverse Ranges System, within the Los Padres National Forest in northeastern Ventura County, California.	Frazier Mountain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waldach is a river of Baden-Württemberg, southwestern Germany.	Waldach	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Ellis was a United States Army fort established August 27, 1867, east of present-day Bozeman, Montana.	Fort Ellis	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asd Sara (Persian: اسدسرا‎, also Romanized as Āsd Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Asd Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Tarpon is a freshwater lake located about 10 miles (16 km) west of Tampa in Palm Harbor and Tarpon Springs, Florida.	Lake Tarpon	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrowa Wronowska (dɔmˈbrɔva vrɔˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dąbrowa Wronowska	Gmina Poniatowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abel Erasmus Pass is situated in the Limpopo Province, on the R36 road between Ohrigstad and Hoedspruit/Tzaneen, South Africa.	Abel Erasmus Pass	Limpopo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błogosławie (bwɔɡɔˈswavjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Błogosławie	Gmina Zakroczym
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band-e Saraji (Persian: بندسراجي‎, also Romanized as Band-e Sarājī, Band-e Serājī, Band-e Serrājī, Band Sarajī, and Band Sarrājī; also known as Serājī) is a village in Halil Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Band-e Saraji	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DeKalb County Public Library (DCPL) is the public library system of DeKalb County, Georgia in the Atlanta metropolitan area.	DeKalb County Public Library	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idagunji (Kannada: ಇಡಗುಂಜಿ) is a small village in Honnavar Taluk, in the Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka state, India.	Idagunji	Uttara Kannada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pink Palace Museum and Planetarium in Memphis, Tennessee, serves as the Mid-South's major science and historical museum and features exhibits ranging from archeology to chemistry.	Pink Palace Museum and Planetarium	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radu-ye Polan (Persian: رادو پلان‎, also Romanized as Rādū-ye Polān; also known as Rādū-ye Bālā) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Radu-ye Polan	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palace of Fine Arts in the Marina District of San Francisco, California, is a monumental structure originally constructed for the 1915 Panama-Pacific Exposition in order to exhibit works of art presented there.	Palace of Fine Arts	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Łokotowa (ˈvɔla wɔkɔˈtɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Łokotowa	Gmina Jeżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terryville High School is a public high school that serves students living in Plymouth, Terryville, and Pequabuck, Connecticut.	Terryville High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kangavar County (Persian: شهرستان کنگاور‎) is a county in Kermanshah Province in Iran, part of what is unofficially referred to as Iranian Kurdistan.	Kangavar County	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 756, during the reign of King Mun, Sanggyeong was established as the permanent capital near Lake Jingpo in the south of today's Ning'an, Heilongjiang province, in Northeast China.	Sanggyeong	Ning'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Bandon is the port authority for Bandon Harbor in the city of Bandon, Oregon, United States.	Port of Bandon	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Praed Street (pronounced /preɪd/) is a street in London's Paddington district (now part of the City of Westminster), most notable for the fact that Paddington Station is situated on it.	Praed Street	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	USAir Flight 1016 was a regularly scheduled flight between Columbia, South Carolina and Charlotte, North Carolina.	USAir Flight 1016	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasha Kola-ye Afrakoti (Persian: پاشاكلا افرا كتي‎, also Romanized as Pāshā Kolā-ye Afrākotī; also known as Pāshā Kalā, Pāshā Kolā, and Pāshā Kūlā) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pasha Kola-ye Afrakoti	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phangkhar Gewog (Dzongkha: ཕང་མཁར་) is a gewog (village block) of Zhemgang District, Bhutan.	Phangkhar Gewog	Zhemgang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jadłówek (jaˈdwuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jadłówek	Gmina Grabowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Serbian Home is a two-story brick building, that was built in 1924 in South Saint Paul in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Serbian Home	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lilaki (Persian: ليلكي‎, also Romanized as Līlakī; also known as Lailaki, Loolaki, and Lūlakī) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lilaki	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Missanabie (48.300°N 84.083°W) is a community in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the Algoma District at the northern terminus of Highway 651, just outside the boundaries of the Chapleau Crown Game Preserve.	Missanabie	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Betsie Light is located on the northeast shore of Lake Michigan -- at the southern entrance to the Manitou Passage -- north of Frankfort in Benzie County in Northern Michigan.	Point Betsie Light	Benzie County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gregory Dipping Vat is a historic cattle dipping facility at 122 Rogers Street on the outskirts of Lake Village, Arkansas.	Gregory Dipping Vat	Lake Village
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edmonton Capital Region (ECR), also commonly referred to as the Alberta Capital Region, Greater Edmonton or Metro Edmonton, is a conglomeration of municipalities centred on Alberta's provincial capital of Edmonton.	Edmonton Capital Region	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koulikoro Region is a region in western Mali.	Koulikoro Region	Mali
manufacturer	Maruti 800 is a small city car that was manufactured by Maruti Suzuki in India from 1983 to 18 January 2014.	Maruti 800	Maruti Suzuki
member of political party	Jürgen Rieger (11 May 1946, Blexen, Lower Saxony -- 29 October 2009) was a Hamburg lawyer, avowed anti-semite, and deputy chairman of the National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD) (as of October 2009), known for his Holocaust denial.	Jürgen Rieger	National Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Rolf Stranger (15 January 1891 -- 18 June 1990) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party and Mayor of Oslo.	Rolf Stranger	Conservative Party
member of political party	Xu Guangda joined the Communist Youth League of China in 1925 and the Communist Party of China later the same year.	Xu Guangda	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Tapan Sikdar (20 September 1944 -- 2 June 2014) was a Union minister of state in the National Democratic Alliance government of India and a Bharatiya Janata Party politician.	Tapan Sikdar	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Alessandro Natta (7 January 1918 -- 23 May 2001), was an Italian politician and secretary of the Italian Communist Party (PCI) from 1984 to 1988.	Alessandro Natta	Italian Communist Party
member of political party	Satish Chandra Agarwal (1920 -- 10 September 1997) was a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party and a member of Sixth and Seventh Lok Sabha representing Jaipur Parliamentary Constituency of Rajasthan, India during 1977-84.	Satish Chandra Agarwal	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Giannis Ragousis (Greek: Γιάννης Ραγκούσης, born on 11 December 1965) is a Greek economist and politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement.	Giannis Ragousis	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	Antolín Sánchez Presedo (born April 5, 1955) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, part of the Party of European Socialists.	Antolín Sánchez	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Aron Kwok Wai-keung (Chinese: 郭偉强) is a current member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong for the Labour constituency since 2012 LegCo election, representing the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions, the largest pro-Beijing labour union in the territory.	Kwok Wai-keung	Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions
member of political party	Bhagat Singh Koshyari (Hindi: भगत सिंह कोश्यारी) (born 17 June 1942) is an Indian politician, and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from Uttarakhand.	Bhagat Singh Koshyari	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Emer Costello (née Malone; born 3 September 1962) is an Irish Labour Party politician.	Emer Costello	Labour Party
member of political party	Conrad Fink was a member of the Bavarian People's Party (BVP) from 1919 to 1933.	Conrad Fink	Bavarian People's Party
member of political party	Günter Schabowski (4 January 1929 -- 1 November 2015) was an official of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), the ruling party during most of the existence of the German Democratic Republic.	Günter Schabowski	Socialist Unity Party of Germany
member of political party	Chris Redfern (born 1964, South Bend, Indiana) is an American politician, former state representative in Ohio, and former chair of the Ohio Democratic Party.	Chris Redfern	Democratic Party
member of political party	Alfredo Covelli (February 22, 1914 -- December 25, 1998) was an Italian politician, the leader of the Monarchist National Party.	Alfredo Covelli	Monarchist National Party
member of political party	Thomas V. Honan (1878 -- 21 October 1954), known as T. V. Honan, was a Fianna Fáil politician in Ireland who served as a senator for 20 years.	T. V. Honan	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Ifor Davies (9 June 1910 -- 6 June 1982), born Ivor Davies, was a Welsh Labour Party politician.	Ifor Davies	Labour Party
member of political party	Kunwar Manvendra Singh (born 13 December 1947, Agra, Uttar Pradesh) is an Indian National Congress politician and three term MP from Uttar Pradesh.	Kunwar Manvendra Singh	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Ildikó Lendvai (born 20 July 1946) is a Hungarian politician, who served as the leader of the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) between 5 April 2009 and 10 July 2010.	Ildikó Lendvai	Hungarian Socialist Party
member of political party	Ricardo Alaníz Posada (born 20 March 1937) is a Mexican businessman and politician affiliated to the National Action Party.	Ricardo Alaníz Posada	National Action Party
member of political party	Antonio Borja Won Pat (December 10, 1908 -- May 1, 1987) was a Guamanian politician, member of the Democratic Party of Guam, and he served the first Delegate from Guam to the United States House of Representatives from 1973 to 1985.	Antonio Borja Won Pat	Democratic Party
member of political party	Edward T. O'Connor, Jr. (born October 6, 1942) is an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey Senate from 1982 to 2002, where he represented the 31st legislative district.	Edward T. O'Connor, Jr.	Democratic Party
member of political party	Asadullah Bhutto (Sindhi: اسد اللہ بھٹو‎) is an incumbent Ameer of Jamaat-e-Islami Sindh.	Asadullah Bhutto	Jamaat-e-Islami
member of political party	Alvin Victor Donahey (also known as A. Victor Donahey, A. Vic Donahey, Vic Donahey, A. V. Donahey, or Honest Vic Donahey) (July 7, 1873 -- April 8, 1946) was a Democratic Party politician from Ohio.	A. Victor Donahey	Democratic Party
member of political party	Eric D. Coleman is a Democratic Party politician in the United States.	Eric D. Coleman	Democratic Party
member of political party	Idris Ibrahim Kuta (1942--2008) was elected Senator for the Niger East constituency of Niger State, Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic, running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.	Ibrahim Kuta	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Pamela Nash (born 24 June 1984) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Airdrie and Shotts between 2010 and 2015 general elections.	Pamela Nash	Labour Party
member of political party	Guy Molesworth Kindersley (28 February 1876-30 November 1956) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom who represented Hitchin, Hertfordshire.	Guy Molesworth Kindersley	Conservative Party
member of political party	Agustín Yáñez was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Agustín Yáñez	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Etibar Mammadov Salidar oglu (Azerbaijani: Etibar Məmmədov Səlidar oğlu) (born April 2, 1955 in Baku) is an Azerbaijani politician and founder and leader of Azerbaijan National Independence Party (Azərbaycan Milli İstiqlal Partiyası), an opposition party in Azerbaijan.	Etibar Mammadov	Azerbaijan National Independence Party
member of political party	Sherman Booth (September 25, 1812 -- August 10, 1904) was an abolitionist, editor and politician in Wisconsin, and was instrumental in forming the Liberty Party, the Free Soil Party and the Republican Party.	Sherman Booth	Republican Party
member of political party	John Okechukwuemeka, or Okechukwu Emeka, (born 18 July 1962) is a Nigerian politician, formerly a Minister of State for transportation, who was elected Senator for Anambra North in Anambra State, Nigeria in the April 2011 general elections, running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.	John Okechukwuemeka	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Christoph Leitl (born March 29, 1949 in Linz, Upper Austria) is an Austrian politician (Austrian People's Party) and president of the Austrian Federal Economic Chamber.	Christoph Leitl	Austrian People's Party
member of political party	Julie Dore is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Leader of Sheffield City Council since May 2011, on which she represents Arbourthorne.	Julie Dore	Labour Party
member of political party	Juan Lindolfo Cuestas was a prominent member of the Uruguayan Colorado Party, which dominated the country's politics for over a century.	Juan Lindolfo Cuestas	Colorado Party
member of political party	Arthur William Sour, Jr., known as Art Sour (November 6, 1924 -- January 10, 2000), was a Shreveport businessman and a pioneer in developing a competitive Republican Party in his native Louisiana.	Art Sour	Republican Party
member of political party	James C. Welsh (2 June 1880 -- 4 November 1954) was a miner, trade unionist, novelist and Scottish Labour Party politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1922 to 1931, and from 1935 to 1945.	James C. Welsh	Labour Party
member of political party	Christine Rolfes (born 25 March 1967 ) is an American politician of the Democratic Party, serving as the Washington State Senator for the 23rd District since 2011.	Christine Rolfes	Democratic Party
member of political party	Lars Barfoed (Danish pronunciation: (lɑːs ˈb̥ɑːfoð); born 4 July 1957) is a Danish politician representing the Conservative People's Party and was the party´s leader from 2011 to August 7, 2014.	Lars Barfoed	Conservative People's Party
member of political party	Jilani Chowdhury (Bengali: জীলালী চৌধুরী; born 18 September 1964) is a British Labour Party politician, councillor for Barnsbury and former Mayor of Islington.	Jilani Chowdhury	Labour Party
member of political party	Allan Langdon McDermott (March 30, 1854 -- October 26, 1908) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey's 7th congressional district from 1900--1903, and the 10th district from 1903 - 1907.	Allan Langdon McDermott	Democratic Party
member of political party	Peder I. Ramsrud (10 February 1923 in Fåberg - 10 June 2014) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.	Peder I. Ramsrud	Progress Party
member of political party	Reijo Tossavainen (born on 13 November 1948 in Kiuruvesi, Northern Savonia) is a Finnish politician and a member of the True Finns.	Reijo Tossavainen	True Finns
member of political party	Marie Arena (born 17 December 1966) is a French-speaking Belgian politician, member of the Francophone Socialist Party (PS).	Marie Arena	Socialist Party
member of political party	Drs. Alfred Vierling (born 3 July 1949) is a Dutch politician, who was active in the 1980s in the nationalist Centre Party for which he won 135.000 votes during the European elections in 1984 and Centre Democrats and who in the 1990s co-founded the Dutch Block.	Alfred Vierling	Centre Party
member of political party	In October 1989 Rolf Schwanitz joined New Forum, a political movement originating in Zwickau and associated with the Peaceful Revolution that soon afterwards put an end to the German Democratic Republic as a stand-alone one-party state.	Rolf Schwanitz	New Forum
member of political party	Reinhard Kopps (29 September 1914 Hamburg -- 11 September 2001 Bariloche, Argentina) was an SS Officer for the Nazi Party during World War II. Following the defeat of Germany in World War II, he helped Nazis escape to Argentina, finally fleeing there himself.	Reinhard Kopps	Nazi Party
member of political party	Nancy Palm is a longtime Republican Party activist, primarily known as the chairwoman of the Harris County, Texas Republican Party during the 1970s, and who also received one vote favoring her as a candidate for Vice President of the United States.	Nancy Palm	Republican Party
member of political party	Haji Dirie Hirsi (Somali: Xaaji Diiriye Xirsi, Arabic: حاجي ديريه حرسي‎), (1905--1975), was a Somali trader and businessman who contributed to the founding of the Somali Youth League in 1942-1945.	Haji Dirie Hirsi	Somali Youth League
member of political party	Christian Pierre Mathiesen (14 April 1870--1953) was a Norwegian landowner and politician for the Conservative Party.	Christian Pierre Mathiesen	Conservative Party
member of political party	Suzanne Lacore was a French politician representing the SFIO (French Section of the Workers' International).	Suzanne Lacore	French Section of the Workers' International
member of political party	Joseph William Ashton OBE (born 9 October 1933), usually known as Joe Ashton, is a British Labour Party politician who was known for his defence of the rights of Labour Members of Parliament (MPs) against the demands of the left-wing of the party to subject them to mandatory reselection.	Joe Ashton	Labour Party
member of political party	Eric Byrne (born 21 April 1947) is an Irish Labour Party politician and is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South--	Eric Byrne	Labour Party
member of political party	Marius Nicoară is a former President of the Cluj County Council, and president of the Cluj National Liberal Party.	Marius Nicoară	National Liberal Party
member of political party	Panagiotis Iliopoulos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Ηλιόπουλος; born 1978, Athens) is a Greek far-right politician and member of the Hellenic Parliament since 2012 with the party of Golden Dawn.	Panagiotis Iliopoulos	Golden Dawn
member of political party	Edward Rosslyn Mitchell (16 May 1879 -- 31 October 1965) was a Liberal then Labour Party politician in Scotland.	Edward Rosslyn Mitchell	Labour Party
member of political party	Sir Park Goff, 1st Baronet, KC (12 February 1871 -- 14 April 1939) was a barrister and Conservative Party politician in England.	Park Goff	Conservative Party
member of political party	James Ole Kiyiapi was a 2013 Kenyan Presidential candidate for the Restore and Build Kenya Party.	James Ole Kiyiapi	Restore and Build Kenya
member of political party	Frank Jensen (born 28 May 1961) is a Danish politician, member of the Danish Social Democrats, and has been Lord Mayor of Copenhagen since 1 January 2010.	Frank Jensen	Social Democrats
member of political party	Adolph Achille Gereau, or Adolph Gereau, (December 20, 1893 -- May 24, 1994) was a United States Virgin Islands civil servant who was the principal founder of the Republican Club and one of the committee of founders of the Republican Party of the United States Virgin Islands.	Adolph Achille Gereau	Republican Party
member of political party	Margaret Reynolds (born 19 July 1941) served as an Australian Labor Party Senator for Queensland from 1983 to 1999.	Margaret Reynolds	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Vidkunn Hveding (born 27 Mars 1921 in Orkdal, Sør-Trøndelag -- deceased 19 May 2001 in Tysfjord, Nordland) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party, and the Minister of Petroleum and Energy 1981--1983.	Vidkunn Hveding	Conservative Party
member of political party	Alexander Fuller-Acland-Hood, 1st Baron St Audries PC (26 September 1853 -- 4 June 1917), known as Sir Alexander Fuller-Acland-Hood, Bt, until 1911, was a British Conservative Party politician.	Alexander Fuller-Acland-Hood, 1st Baron St Audries	Conservative Party
member of political party	Babulal Nagar is an Indian politician belonging to Indian National Congress party.	Babulal Nagar	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Carlos Raúl Contín (November 4, 1915 -- August 8, 1991) was an Argentine politician and leader of the centrist Radical Civic Union (UCR).	Carlos Raúl Contín	Radical Civic Union
member of political party	Satwinder Kaur Dhaliwal (born 17 June 1953) is a political and social worker and a Member of Parliament elected from the Ropar constituency in the Indian state of Punjab being a Shiromani Akali Dal candidate.	Satwinder Kaur Dhaliwal	Akali Dal
member of political party	Maria Matsouka (born 8 January 1974) is a Greek politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement; part of the Party of European Socialists.	Maria Matsouka	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	Dorin Chirtoacă has been the vice-president of the Liberal Party of Moldova since May 2005.	Dorin Chirtoacă	Liberal Party
member of political party	Gbenga Ogunniya (born September 1949) was elected Senator for the Ondo Central constituency of Ondo State, Nigeria on the Alliance for Democracy (AD) platform, taking office on 29 May 1999.	Gbenga Ogunniya	Alliance for Democracy
member of political party	Ajit Pratap Singh (14 January 1917 -- 6 January 2000) was an Indian politician of Indian National Congress party from Pratapgarh, who was cabinet minister of Government of Uttar Pradesh (1969--77) and also the member of Lok Sabha twice from Pratapgarh constituency in 1962 and 1980.	Ajit Pratap Singh	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Michelle Gildernew (born 28 March 1970) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician and former Minister for Agriculture and Rural Development in the Northern Ireland Executive.	Michelle Gildernew	Sinn Féin
member of political party	Manuel Fraga Iribarne (Spanish pronunciation: (maˈnwel ˈfɾaɣa iɾiˈβarne); 23 November 1922 -- 15 January 2012) was a Spanish People's Party politician.	Manuel Fraga Iribarne	People's Party
member of political party	Jiang Yikang (simplified Chinese: 姜异康; traditional Chinese: 姜異康; pinyin: Jiāng Yìkāng; born January 1953) a Chinese politician, serving since March 2008 as the Secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Shandong committee.	Jiang Yikang	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Girolamo Li Causi (January 1, 1896 -- April 14, 1977) was an Italian politician and a leader of the Italian Communist Party (Partito Comunista Italiano, PCI).	Girolamo Li Causi	Italian Communist Party
member of political party	L. Grace Spencer (born March 15, 1968) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since January 8, 2008, where she represents the 29th Legislative District.	L. Grace Spencer	Democratic Party
member of political party	Mikhail Ankudinov was born in 1905 and joined the Red Army and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1925.	Mikhail Ankudinov	Communist Party of the Soviet Union
member of political party	K. Rahman Khan (born 5 April 1939) is a chartered accountant turned politician from Karnataka and a member of the Indian National Congress.	K. Rahman Khan	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Frédéric Nihous (born August 15, 1967) is a French politician from the Hunting, Fishing, Nature, Traditions (CPNT) party.	Frédéric Nihous	Hunting, Fishing, Nature
member of political party	Petter Pettersson, Jr. (19 May 1911 - 1984) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.	Petter Pettersson, Jr.	Conservative Party
member of political party	Johannes Berg (1 November 1863 -- 21 November 1935) was a Norwegian farmer, civil servant and politician for the Conservative Party.	Johannes Berg	Conservative Party
member of political party	Øyvind Bjorvatn (26 April 1931 -- 9 February 2015) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and later the Liberal People's Party.	Øyvind Bjorvatn	Liberal Party	Liberal People's Party
member of political party	Jodok Fink (19 February 1853 - 1 July 1929) was an Austrian farmer and politician who was a member of the Christian Social Party of Austria (CS).	Jodok Fink	Christian Social Party
member of political party	Pannalal Barupal (6 April 1913 -- 19 May 1983, Ganganagar) was an Indian politician, Indian independence activist and a member of the Indian National Congress political party.	Pannalal Barupal	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Andrew R. Ciesla (born July 24, 1953) is an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey Senate, where he represented the 10th legislative district from 1992 to 2012.	Andrew R. Ciesla	Republican Party
member of political party	Frederick Scalera (born May 27, 1958) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2003 to 2011, representing the 36th legislative district.	Frederick Scalera	Democratic Party
member of political party	Gunnar Bakke (born 24 October 1959) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party, and the mayor of Bergen between 2007-2011.	Gunnar Bakke	Progress Party
member of political party	Katrin Saks (born November 29, 1956 in Tallinn) is an Estonian politician, currently vice-chairman of the Social Democratic Party.	Katrin Saks	Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Jacek Sauk (born July 21, 1944 in Vilnius) is a Polish politician, member of Law and Justice party.	Jacek Sauk	Law and Justice
member of political party	Kenneth T. Wilson (born March 20, 1936) was an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1968 to 1972.	Kenneth T. Wilson	Republican Party
member of political party	Pratap Bhanu Sharma (born 6 March 1947) is an Indian politician and a senior leader of the Indian National Congress.	Pratap Bhanu Sharma	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Børge Brende (born 25 September 1965) is a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party and has been the Minister of Foreign Affairs since 16 October 2013.	Børge Brende	Conservative Party
member of political party	Pavlos Geroulanos (Greek: Παύλος Γερουλάνος, born in 1966 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek politician for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement.	Pavlos Geroulanos	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	Karen Platou (9 July 1879 -- 10 June 1950) was a Norwegian businesswoman and a politician for the Conservative Party.	Karen Platou	Conservative Party
member of political party	Moinul Hassan a politician from Communist Party of India (Marxist) and a member of Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)) State Committee.	Moinul Hassan	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	James Speed joined the Whig Party and became a strong opponent of slavery.	James Speed	Whig Party
member of political party	Ma Wen-chun (Chinese: 馬文君; pinyin: Mǎ Wénjūn; Wade--Giles: Ma Wen-chün) is a member of the Kuomintang who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan.	Ma Wen-chun	Kuomintang
member of political party	Narpat Singh Rajvi (born 23 January 1952, Sikar) is a senior Bharatiya Janata Party politician from the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Narpat Singh Rajvi	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Vladeta Janković, PhD (Serbian: Владета Јанковић; born 1940 in Belgrade) a founder member of the Democratic Party of Serbia (DSS) in July 1992.	Vladeta Janković	Democratic Party
member of political party	Qazi Hussain Ahmad (Urdu: قاضی حسین احمد 12 January 1938 -- 6 January 2013) was an Islamic scholar, clergyman, democracy activist, and former Emir of Jamaat-e-Islami, the rightist and socially conservative Islamist political party in Pakistan.	Qazi Hussain Ahmad	Jamaat-e-Islami
member of political party	Gordon Dunne is a Democratic Unionist Party politician in Northern Ireland who was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2011 representing North Down.	Gordon Dunne	Democratic Unionist Party
member of political party	Jorgovanka Tabaković, (Serbian Cyrillic: Јоргованка Табаковић, pronounced (jorɡǒʋaːŋka tǎbakoʋitɕ); born 20 March 1960 in Vučitrn, SFR Yugoslavia) is the Vice President of the Serbian Progressive Party and the Governor of National Bank of Serbia.	Jorgovanka Tabaković	Serbian Progressive Party
member of sports team	Martin Dúbravka (born 15 January 1989) is a Slovak footballer currently under contract with the Danish Superliga club Esbjerg fB.	Martin Dúbravka	Esbjerg fB
military branch	Robert G. Emmens (July 22, 1914 - April 2, 1992) was a Doolittle Raider and a career United States Air Force officer.	Robert G. Emmens	United States Air Force
mother	Arkie Whiteley's parents were the renowned Australian artist Brett Whiteley and cultural figure Wendy Whiteley.	Arkie Whiteley	Wendy Whiteley
mouth of the watercourse	The Lammer river is a right tributary of the Salzach in Salzburg and is located below Hallein.	Lammer	Salzach
mouth of the watercourse	The Luy, is a left tributary of the Adour, in the Landes, in the Southwest of France.	Luy	Adour
mouth of the watercourse	The Ouvèze is a river in southern France and left tributary of the Rhône.	Ouvèze	Rhône
mouth of the watercourse	The Mangfall is a left tributary of the River Inn in Upper Bavaria and 58 km long.	Mangfall	Inn
mouth of the watercourse	The Polenz is the right-hand, smaller headstream of the Lachsbach in the German state of Saxony.	Polenz	Lachsbach
mouth of the watercourse	It passes through the reservoir of Sant Ponç (25 hm3) between Olius and Clariana de Cardener (Solsonès), Cardona, Súria and Manresa (Bages) before joining the Llobregat from the left at Castellgalí (Bages).	Cardener	Llobregat
mouth of the watercourse	The Kentucky River is a tributary of the Ohio River, 260 miles (418 km) long, in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky.	Kentucky River	Ohio River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kechika River, also historically known as Black's River, is a tributary of the Liard River, located in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Kechika River	Liard River
mouth of the watercourse	Sullivans Creek flows generally south-west, through a small channel within a much larger older gully system in its upper reaches; and through a series of urban sealed stormwater channels in its middle reaches; before reaching the grounds of the Australian National University, towards its confluence with the Molonglo River near Acton.	Sullivans Creek	Molonglo River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tipitapa River (Río Tipitapa) is a short river in Nicaragua that connects Lake Managua to Lake Nicaragua.	Tipitapa River	Lake Nicaragua
mouth of the watercourse	The Pánuco River (Spanish: Río Pánuco) (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpanuko)) is a river in Mexico fed by its tributary the Moctezuma River and emptying into the Gulf of Mexico.	Pánuco River	Gulf of Mexico
mouth of the watercourse	The Esmeraldas River is a river in northwestern Ecuador that flows into the Pacific Ocean at the city of Esmeraldas.	Esmeraldas River	Pacific Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	Malka River (Russian: Малка), also known as Balyksu River (Russian: Балыксу), is a river in Kabardino-Balkaria in Russia, which forms the northwest part of the Terek River basin.	Malka River	Terek River
mouth of the watercourse	The Klondike River is a tributary of the Yukon River in Canada that gave its name to the Klondike Gold Rush.	Klondike River	Yukon River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kenogami River is a river in the James Bay drainage basin in Thunder Bay and Cochrane districts in Northern Ontario, Canada, which flows north from Long Lake near Longlac to empty into the Albany River.	Kenogami River	Albany River
mouth of the watercourse	The Roe River runs between Giant Springs and the Missouri River in Great Falls, Montana, United States.	Roe River	Missouri River
mouth of the watercourse	The Gallatin River is a tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 120 mi (193 km long), in the U.S. states of Wyoming and Montana.	Gallatin River	Missouri River
mouth of the watercourse	Nedlouc River is a tributary of the south bank of the Leaf River whose waters flow East and throw themselves on the west coast of Ungava Bay.	Nedlouc River	Leaf River
mouth of the watercourse	The Shasta River is a tributary of the Klamath River, approximately 58 miles (93 km) long, in northern California in the United States.	Shasta River	Klamath River
mouth of the watercourse	The Duckmaloi River rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range east of Shooters Hill, and flows generally to the north by east, where it forms its confluence with the Fish River near Oberon; dropping 265 metres (869 ft) over the course of its 27 kilometres (17 mi) length.	Duckmaloi River	Fish River
mouth of the watercourse	The Chutine River, originally named the Clearwater River, is a major right tributary of the Stikine River in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Chutine River	Stikine River
mouth of the watercourse	The Republican River joins the Smoky Hill River at Junction City, Kansas to form the Kansas River.	Republican River	Kansas River
mouth of the watercourse	Zamantı River is a river in Central Anatolia, Turkey, crossing Kayseri Province in practically its whole course to join Seyhan River further south, of which it is the western, the longest and the most important tributary.	Zamantı River	Seyhan River
mouth of the watercourse	The Drino or Drinos (Albanian: Drino, Greek: Δρίνος) is a river in southern Albania and northwestern Greece, tributary of the Vjosë.	Drino	Vjosë
mouth of the watercourse	Ithaca Creek is a waterway in the Enoggera Creek catchment, in the western suburbs of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Ithaca Creek	Enoggera Creek
named after	Mannerheimintie (Swedish: Mannerheimvägen), named after the Finnish military leader and statesman Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim, is the most famous street in Helsinki, Finland.	Mannerheimintie	Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim
narrative location	They Call It Sin is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film starring Loretta Young as a farmer's daughter who follows a traveling salesman to New York City, only to discover he is already engaged.	They Call It Sin	New York City
native language	Iegor Gran (born 1964) is a Russian-born French novelist.	Iegor Gran	French
native language	Jean Richard (18 April 1921 in Bessines, Deux-Sevres -- 12 December 2001 in Senlis, Oise) was a French actor, comedian, and circus entrepreneur.	Jean Richard	French
native language	Eugène Ionesco (born Eugen Ionescu, Romanian: (e.uˈd͡ʒen i.oˈnesku); 26 November 1909 -- 28 March 1994) was a Romanian-French playwright who wrote mostly in French, and one of the foremost figures of the French Avant-garde theatre.	Eugène Ionesco	French
native language	Kaboré Bebzinda, better known as Philippe Zinda Kaboré (18 November 1920, Koudougou, French Upper Volta - 25 May 1947, Abidjan, French Ivory Coast) was a politician of Voltaic origin.	Zinda Kaboré	French
native language	Jacques Antoine Creuzé-Latouche (18 September 1749 -- 23 October 1800) was a French lawyer, Jacobin, and member of the National Convention of France during the French Revolution.	Jacques Antoine Creuzé-Latouche	French
native language	Melvil Poupaud (born 26 January 1973) is a French actor, author and filmmaker.	Melvil Poupaud	French
native language	Chantal Jouanno (born 12 July 1969 in Vernon, Eure, France) is a French politician.	Chantal Jouanno	French
native language	Karen Lancaume (born Karine Bach 19 January 1973 -- 28 January 2005) was a French pornographic film actress.	Karen Lancaume	French
native language	Luc Étienne Périn, also known as Luc Étienne, (1908--1984) was a French writer and a proponent of 'pataphysics.	Luc Étienne	French
native language	Eugène Lourié (April 8, 1903 - 26 May 1991) was a French film director, art director, production designer, set designer and screenwriter who was known for his collaborations with Jean Renoir and for his 1950s science fiction movies.	Eugène Lourié	French
native language	Alain Carignon, born on February 23, 1949 in Vizille (Isère), is a conservative French politician.	Alain Carignon	French
native language	Anne of Brittany (Breton: Anna; 25 January 1477 -- 9 January 1514) was a French queen who reigned as Duchess of Brittany from 1488 until her death.	Anne of Brittany	Breton	French
native language	Jean-Remy de Chestret (Liège 1739 - Paris 1809) was a Burgomaster of Liège in 1784 and 1789 and one of the chiefs of the Liège Revolution and later a member of the French Sénat conservateur.	Jean-Remy de Chestret	French
native language	Séverin Faust (December 29, 1872, Paris -- April 23, 1945), better known by his pseudonym Camille Mauclair, was a French poet, novelist, biographer, travel writer, and art critic.	Camille Mauclair	French
native language	Lazare Escarguel (1816-1893) was a French politician and newspaper editor.	Lazare Escarguel	French
native language	Léon Battu was a French dramatist, born 1829 in Paris, where he died on 22 November 1857.	Léon Battu	French
native language	Jean Desmarets, Sieur de Saint-Sorlin (1595 -- 28 October 1676) was a French writer and dramatist.	Jean Desmarets	French
native language	Laurent Ruquier (born 24 February 1963 in Le Havre) is a French television and radio host, producer, and satirical comedian.	Laurent Ruquier	French
native language	Oliver Krischer (born 26 July 1969 in Zülpich, Germany) is a German Green politician and member of the German Bundestag.	Oliver Krischer	German
native language	Frédéric Andréi (born 23 October 1959) is a French actor and director.	Frédéric Andréi	French
native language	Karine Berger (born 11 March 1973) is a French politician, member of the French National Assembly representing Hautes-Alpes.	Karine Berger	French
native language	Ferdinand Flocon (1 November 1800 -- 15 March 1866) was a French journalist and politician who was one of the founding members of the Provisional Government at the start of the French Second Republic in 1848.	Ferdinand Flocon	French
native language	Ercole Baldini (born 26 January 1933) is a retired Italian cyclist.	Ercole Baldini	Italian
native language	Michael Jan de Goeje (August 13, 1836 -- May 17, 1909) was a Dutch orientalist.	Michael Jan de Goeje	Dutch
native language	Gesine Meißner (or Meissner; born 22 February 1952 in Uelzen) is a German politician for the Free Democratic Party.	Gesine Meißner	German
native language	Mélanie Fazi (born 29 November 1976) is a French novelist and translator specialising in fantasy fiction.	Mélanie Fazi	French
native language	Françoise d'Eaubonne (12 March 1920 in Paris - 3 August 2005 in Paris) was a French feminist, who introduced the term ecofeminism (écologie-féminisme, éco-féminisme or écoféminisme) in 1974.	Françoise d'Eaubonne	French
native language	Tim Krabbé (born 13 April 1943) is a Dutch journalist and novelist.	Tim Krabbé	Dutch
native language	Jean-Paul Pigasse (born 1939) is a Brazzaville-based French journalist and media proprietor.	Jean-Paul Pigasse	French
native language	Thomas-Simon Gueullette (2 June 1683 - 2 December 1766) was a French lawyer, playwright, scholar and man of letters, who also wrote fairy tales and works on the theatre itself.	Thomas-Simon Gueullette	French
native language	Victor Méric is the pseudonym of Henri Coudon (10 May 1876 -- 10 October 1933), a French journalist and libertarian author.	Victor Méric	French
native language	Olympe de Gouges (French pronunciation: ​(olɛ̃p də ɡuʒ); 7 May 1748 -- 3 November 1793), born Marie Gouze, was a French playwright and political activist whose feminist and abolitionist writings reached a large audience.	Olympe de Gouges	French
native language	Barbara Laage (30 July 1920 -- 21 May 1988) was a French film actress who flourished in the 1950s.	Barbara Laage	French
native language	Véronique Augereau (born 25 May 1957) is a French actress who is notably active in dubbing.	Véronique Augereau	French
native language	Marc Fumaroli (born 10 June 1932 in Marseille), is a French historian and essayist.	Marc Fumaroli	French
native language	Elisabeth Christine of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel (28 August 1691 -- 21 December 1750) was Princess of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, Holy Roman Empress, German Queen, Queen of Bohemia and Hungary; and Archduchess of Austria by her marriage to Emperor Charles VI.	Elisabeth Christine of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel	German
native language	Wilhelm Amsinck Burchard-Motz (born 4 July 1878 in Hamburg, died 13 January 1963 in Hamburg) was a German lawyer and national-liberal politician.	Wilhelm Amsinck Burchard-Motz	German
native language	Samuel Dirksz van Hoogstraten (2 August 1627, Dordrecht -- 19 October 1678, Dordrecht) was a Dutch painter of the Golden Age, who was also a poet and author on art theory.	Samuel Dirksz van Hoogstraten	Dutch
native language	Alexis Kanner (2 May 1942 in Bagnères-de-Luchon, France - 13 December 2003 in London, England) was a French-born English actor, most notable for appearing in the ground-breaking TV series The Prisoner.	Alexis Kanner	French
native language	Dom Hans van der Laan (29 December 1904 -- 19 August 1991) was a Dutch Benedictine monk and architect.	Hans van der Laan	Dutch
native language	Francisque Sarcey (8 October 1827 -- 16 May 1899) was a French journalist and dramatic critic.	Francisque Sarcey	French
native language	Henri Desgrange (31 January 1865, Paris -- 16 August 1940) was a French bicycle racer and sports journalist.	Henri Desgrange	French
native language	Raphaël Onana, born on 14 July 1919, was a Free French soldier of Cameroonian origin, naturalised French.	Raphaël Onana	French
native language	Carl Wirths (December 10, 1897 -- June 16, 1955 in Wuppertal) was a German politician of the Free Democratic Party (FDP).	Carl Wirths	German
native language	Fred Vargas is the pseudonym of the French historian, archaeologist and writer Frédérique Audoin-Rouzeau (born 7 June 1957 in Paris).	Fred Vargas	French
native language	Markus Meckel (b. August 18, 1952) is a German theologian and politician.	Markus Meckel	German
native language	Philippe Jullian (real name: Philippe Simounet; 11 July 1919 -- 25 September 1977) was a French illustrator, art historian, biographer, aesthete, novelist and dandy.	Philippe Jullian	French
native language	Robert de Boron (also spelled in the manuscripts ``Bouron'', ``Beron'') was a French poet of the late 12th and early 13th centuries who is most notable as the author of the poems Joseph d'Arimathe and Merlin.	Robert de Boron	French
native language	Léa Hélène Seydoux-Fornier de Clausonne (born 1 July 1985), known as Léa Seydoux, is a French actress.	Léa Seydoux	French
native language	Marcel Pagnol (French pronunciation: ​(maʁsɛl paɲɔl); 28 February 1895 -- 18 April 1974) was a French novelist, playwright, and filmmaker.	Marcel Pagnol	French
native language	Ulrich von Hutten (21 April 1488 -- 29 August 1523) was a German scholar, poet, satirist and reformer.	Ulrich von Hutten	German
native language	Mac Lesggy (born Olivier Lesgourges, 1 August 1962) is a French agricultural engineer, television presenter and producer.	Mac Lesggy	French
native language	Bert-Jan Lindeman (born 16 June 1989) is a Dutch professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI Continental Team Rabobank Development Team.	Bert-Jan Lindeman	Dutch
native language	Maria Matray (July 14, 1907 -- October 30, 1993) was a German screenwriter and film actress.	Maria Matray	German
native language	Yves de Bayser (1920--1999) was a French poet, essayist, and translator.	Yves de Bayser	French
native language	Isaac Leib Peretz (Polish: Icchok Lejbusz Perec, Hebrew: יצחק־לייבוש פרץ) (May 18, 1852 -- 3 April 1915), also sometimes written Yitskhok Leybush Peretz, best known as I. L. Peretz, was a Yiddish language author and playwright from Poland.	I. L. Peretz	Yiddish
native language	Anneke Brassinga (born 20 August 1948 in Schaarsbergen, Gelderland) is a Dutch writer and translator.	Anneke Brassinga	Dutch
native language	Ryoichi Taguchi (born 1 December 1986) is a Japanese professional boxer.	Ryoichi Taguchi	Japanese
native language	Kuno Fischer, born Ernst Kuno Berthold Fischer (23 July 1824 -- 5 July 1907), was a German philosopher, a historian of philosophy and a critic.	Kuno Fischer	German
native language	Geymond Vital (1897--1987) was a French film, stage and television actor.	Geymond Vital	French
native language	Lucien Callamand born Lucien Marie Pascal Eugène Callamand (April 1, 1888 in Marseille - December 3, 1968 in Nice, Alpes-Maritimes) was one of the earliest French film actors whose career transcended 6 decades of French cinema.	Lucien Callamand	French
native language	Melanie Oßwald (born 1 June 1976 in Nuremberg) is a German politician and a former member of the Bundestag with the CSU.	Melanie Oßwald	German
native language	Jeannette Vermeersch (born Julie Marie Vermeersch; 26 November 1910 -- 5 November 2001) was a French politician.	Jeannette Vermeersch	French
native language	Claude-Philibert Barthelot, comte de Rambuteau (French pronunciation: ​(klod filibɛːʁ baʁtəlo kɔ̃t də ʁɑ̃byto)) (Mâcon, 9 November 1781 -- Château de Rambuteau, 11 April 1869) was a French senior official of the first half of the 19th century.	Claude-Philibert Barthelot, comte de Rambuteau	French
native language	Rémi Laurent (12 October 1957, Suresnes -- 14 November 1989, Paris) was a French actor, best known for playing the son Laurent in La Cage aux Folles.	Rémi Laurent	French
native language	Sylvie Testud (born 17 January 1971) is a French actress, writer and film director, whose film career began in 1991.	Sylvie Testud	French
native language	Andrés Oppenheimer (born in 1951 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is the editor and syndicated foreign affairs columnist with The Miami Herald, anchor of ``Oppenheimer Presenta'' on CNN En Español, and author of seven books, several of which have been published in English, Spanish, Portuguese and Japanese.	Andrés Oppenheimer	Spanish
native language	Guillaume Imbert de Boudeaux (1744 - 19 May 1803) was a French man of letters.	Guillaume Imbert	French
native language	Léo Malet (7 March 1909 -- 3 March 1996) was a French crime novelist and surrealist.	Léo Malet	French
native language	Jules Bazile, known as Jules Guesde (11 November 1845 -- 28 July 1922) was a French socialist journalist and politician.	Jules Guesde	French
native language	Marcel Hansenne (January 24, 1917 -- March 22, 2002) was a French middle distance runner, who won the bronze medal at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London over 800 m in a time of 1:49.8 min. The race was won by Mal Whitfield.	Marcel Hansenne	French
native language	Hannelore Kraft (née Külzhammer; born 12 June 1961) is a German politician.	Hannelore Kraft	German
native language	Albert Dess (born 17 April 1947 in Röckersbühl) is a German politician and member of the European Parliament for Bavaria with the Christian Social Union in Bavaria, part of the European People's Party and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.	Albert Dess	German
native language	Jan van de Velde the Elder (1568, Antwerp -- 1623, Haarlem), was a Dutch calligrapher, writing teacher, and engraver.	Jan van de Velde the Elder	Dutch
native language	Ottmar Schreiner (21 February 1946 -- 6 April 2013) was a German lawyer and left-wing politician.	Ottmar Schreiner	German
native language	Josef Stefan (Slovene: Jožef Stefan) (24 March 1835 -- 7 January 1893) was an ethnic Carinthian Slovene physicist, mathematician, and poet of the Austrian Empire.	Josef Stefan	Slovene
native language	Balthazar Baro (1596--1650) was a French poet, playwright and romance-writer.	Balthazar Baro	French
native language	Alessandro Mercuri is a French-Italian author and director, born in 1973.	Alessandro Mercuri	French
native language	Jacques Weber (born 23 August 1949) is a French actor, director and writer.	Jacques Weber	French
native language	Françoise Chandernagor is a French writer, born 15 June 1945.	Françoise Chandernagor	French
native language	Henri Weber (born 23 June 1944) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the north-west of France.	Henri Weber	French
native language	Marguerite Bellanger (10 June 1838 - 23 November 1886) was a French stage actress and courtesan.	Marguerite Bellanger	French
native language	Arnould Galopin (1865, Marbeuf, Eure - 1934) was a prolific French writer with more than 50 novels to his credit.	Arnould Galopin	French
native language	Augustin Daniel Belliard, comte Belliard et de l'Empire (March 23, 1769 in Fontenay-le-Comte, Vendée -- January 28, 1832 in Brussels) was a French general.	Augustin Daniel Belliard	French
native language	Henri Barbusse (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃ʁi baʁbys); May 17, 1873 -- August 30, 1935) was a French novelist and a member of the French Communist Party.	Henri Barbusse	French
native language	Horst Posdorf (born February 8, 1949 in Dornum) is a German politician and a Member of the European Parliament.	Horst Posdorf	German
native language	Antoine Emmanuel Ernest Monis (French pronunciation: ​(ɛʁnɛst mɔni); 23 May 1846 in Châteauneuf-sur-Charente -- 25 May 1929 in Mondouzil) was a French politician of the Third Republic, deputy of Gironde from 1885 to 1889 and then senator of the same department from 1891 to 1920.	Ernest Monis	French
native language	Clara Bellar (born 29 September 1972) is a French actress, singer, film director, screenwriter and film producer.	Clara Bellar	French
native language	(Isaac) Kadmi Cohen (1892--1944) was a French/Jewish writer.	Kadmi Cohen	French
native language	Jacques-Victor-Albert, 4th duc de Broglie (; 13 June 1821 -- 19 January 1901) was a French monarchist politician, diplomat and writer (of historical works and translations).	Albert, 4th duc de Broglie	French
native language	Gérald Laroche (born 1964) is a French actor born in Paris, France.	Gérald Laroche	French
native language	Jean-Pascal Lacoste (also known as Jean-Pascal or Jipé; born 21 June 1978) is a French singer, actor and TV host.	Jean-Pascal Lacoste	French
native language	Léon Deschamps (1864 -- 28 December 1899) was a French novelist and poet, most notable as the founder of the La Plume literary review.	Léon Deschamps	French
native language	Charles Baudouin (French: (bodwɛ̃); 26 July 1893 -- August 25, 1963) was a French-Swiss psychoanalyst.	Charles Baudouin	French
native language	André Chéradame (1871--1948) was a French journalist and scholar from the École Libre des Sciences Politiques.	André Chéradame	French
native language	Robert Guérin (28 June 1876 -- 19 March 1952) was a French journalist, and the 1st President and one of the founders of the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA).	Robert Guérin	French
native language	Antje Huber (23 May 1924 in Stettin -- 30 September 2015) was a German politician who was the Federal Minister for Youth, Family and Health from 1976 to 1982.	Antje Huber	German
native language	Philippe Katerine (born Philippe Blanchard; December 8, 1968 in Chantonnay, Vendée, France) is a French singer, who began his career in 1991.	Philippe Katerine	French
native language	Jacques de Baroncelli (25 June 1881 -- 12 January 1951) was a French film director best known for his silent films from 1915 to the late 1930s.	Jacques de Baroncelli	French
native language	Alexandre Pierre Freslon (11 May 1808 -- 26 January 1867) was a French Lawyer who became a representative in the Constituent Assembly and Minister of Public Education and Religion in 1848.	Alexandre Pierre Freslon	French
native language	Akkineni Nageswara Rao (20 September 1923 -- 22 January 2014), widely known as ANR, was an Indian film actor and producer, known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema.	Akkineni Nageswara Rao	Telugu
native language	André Roussin, (22 January 1911 -- 3 November 1987), was a French playwright.	André Roussin	French
native language	Fritz Henßler (born April 12, 1886 in Altensteig; died December 4, 1953 in Witten) was a German Social Democratic politician.	Fritz Henßler	German
native language	Louis Marie Baptiste Atthalin, Baron Atthalin (born 22 June 1784 at Colmar, Haut-Rhin - 3 September 1856)) was a French Army officer, politician, painter, watercolorist, and lithographer.	Louis Marie Baptiste Atthalin	French
native language	Jeanne Loury or Jane Loury (1876--1951) was a French stage and film actress.	Jeanne Loury	French
native language	André Marty (6 November 1886 -- 23 November 1956) was a leading figure in the French Communist Party (PCF) for nearly thirty years.	André Marty	French
native language	Polaire was the stage name used by French singer and actress Émilie Marie Bouchaud (14 May 1874 -- 14 October 1939).	Polaire	French
occupation	Megan Hauserman (born November 5, 1981) is an American model and reality television personality, best known for her appearances on Vh1.	Megan Hauserman	model
original network	Tropicaliente was a Brazilian soap opera produced and displayed at the time of 18 hours by Rede Globo, ran from May 16 to December 31, 1994, totaling 194 chapters.	Tropicaliente	Rede Globo
participant of	Durval Guimarães (born 14 July 1935) is a Brazilian former sport shooter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics, the 1972 Summer Olympics, the 1976 Summer Olympics, the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Durval Guimarães	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pablo Javier Robledo (23 July 1975) is a cross-country skier set to represent Argentina at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.	Pablo Javier Robledo	2014 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Saleh Alah-Djaba (born January 5, 1950) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Chad Alah-Djaba represented Chad at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.	Saleh Alah-Djaba	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ajit Singh Balla (born 1931) is an Indian former high jumper who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Ajit Singh Balla	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Julien Moineau (Clichy, 27 November 1903 -- La Teste, 14 March 1980) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won three stages in the Tour de France.	Julien Moineau	Tour de France
participant of	Tove Bruunstrøm Madsen, later Jensen (October 10, 1920 -- April 13, 2007), was a Danish backstroke and freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Tove Bruunstrøm	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Malin Svahnström (born June 10, 1980 in Upplands Väsby, Stockholm) is a Swedish Olympic swimmer currently representing Väsby SS. Svahnström participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics, both times as a part of a relay team.	Malin Svahnström	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Heike Nagel (née Hustede, born 16 January 1946) is a German former swimmer who competed in the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.	Heike Nagel	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chris Donaldson (born 26 May 1975 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand sprinter who represented New Zealand at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.	Chris Donaldson	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Garrincha was the most outstanding player of the 1962 FIFA World Cup.	Garrincha	1962 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Shamo Quaye (22 October 1971 -- 30 November 1997) was a football player from Ghana, who was a member of the Men's National Team that won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Shamo Quaye	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anja Nyffeler (born 25 November 1992) is a Swiss competitor in synchronized swimming who competed in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, 2013 World Aquatics Championships, and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Anja Nyffeler	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wu Meijin (simplified Chinese: 吴美锦; traditional Chinese: 吳美錦; pinyin: Wú Měijǐn; born April 25, 1980 in Ruian, Zhejiang) is a Chinese weightlifter who competed in the Men's 56 kilogram weight class at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal, lifting 287.5 kilograms in total.	Wu Meijin	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rupali Akhter (Bengali: রুপালী আক্তার) is a Bangladeshi national women's Kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Games.	Rupali Akhter	2010 Asian Games
participant of	Escarlata Bernard (born 17 March 1989) is a Spanish swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Escarlata Bernard	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anton Heiden (born July 4, 1960 in Barendrecht) is a former water polo player from the Netherlands Heiden participated once with the Dutch national water polo team at the Olympics, finishing in sixth position at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.	Anton Heiden	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aleksandr Kolotov (born 4 March 1964) is a Russian former water polo player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Aleksandr Kolotov	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jasna Kolar-Merdan (born October 19, 1956 in Mostar) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Jasna Kolar-Merdan	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dinko Petrov (Bulgarian: Динко Петров) (born 10 March 1935) is a Bulgarian former wrestler who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Dinko Petrov	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Toby Kane (born 30 December 1986) is an Australian Paralympian who won a bronze medal in the men's super G Standing at the 2006 Winter Paralympics in Torino and a bronze medal in the men's super G standing in his third Winter Paralympics at 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi.	Toby Kane	2006 Winter Paralympics	2014 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Delfo Cabrera Gómez (April 2, 1919 -- August 2, 1981) was an Argentine athlete, winner of the marathon race at the 1948 Summer Olympics in one of the most dramatic finishes in athletics history.	Delfo Cabrera	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shahnaz Parvin Maleka (Bengali: শাহনাজ পারভীন মালেকা) is a Bangladeshi national women Kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Games.	Shahnaz Parvin Maleka	2010 Asian Games
participant of	Libor Capalini (born January 30, 1973) is a modern pentathlete from the Czech Republic who won the bronze medal in the Modern Pentathlon at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Libor Capalini	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chin Kuai-Ti (Chinese: 靳貴第, born June 6, 1915, date of death unknown) was a Taiwanese boxer who competed for the Republic of China in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Chin Kuai-Ti	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Helmut Röpnack (September 23, 1884 in Läsikow, Ruppin -- August 19, 1935) was a German amateur football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Helmut Röpnack	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dorothy Poynton-Hill (née Poynton, later Teuber; July 17, 1915 -- May 18, 1995) was an American diver who competed at the 1928, 1932 and 1936 Summer Olympics.	Dorothy Poynton-Hill	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Graham Crouch (born 11 January 1948) is an Australian former middle-distance runner who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Graham Crouch	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nduka Odizor (born 9 August 1958) is a former tennis player from Nigeria, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, where he was defeated in the first round by American lucky loser Robert Seguso.	Nduka Odizor	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Daouda Karaboué (born 11 December 1975 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is a French handball player, he won the gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics, the 2009 World Championships and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Daouda Karaboué	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mino De Rossi (born 21 May 1931) was a road bicycle and track cyclist from Italy, who won the gold medal in the men's 4.000m team pursuit at the 1952 Summer Olympics, alongside Marino Morettini, Loris Campana and Guido Messina.	Mino De Rossi	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bill Adcocks (born 11 November 1941 in Coventry) is a British former long-distance runner who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Bill Adcocks	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jana Kuťková (born February 14, 1951 in Bratislava) is a former Czechoslovak/Slovak handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Jana Kuťková	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Duje Bonačić (born April 10, 1929) is a retired Croatian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia.	Duje Bonačić	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cameron Hammond (born 20 September 1989 in Moree, New South Wales) is an Aboriginal professional boxer who represented Australia at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, India and 2012 Summer Olympics in the welterweight division.	Cameron Hammond	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Couto (born 27 February 1978) is a breaststroke swimmer from Portugal, who represented his home country at the 1996 Summer Olympics, the 2000 Summer Olympics and at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	José Couto	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ainhoa Ibarra Astellara (born 27 October 1968 in Guernica) is a Spanish former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics, in the 1992 Winter Olympics, in the 1994 Winter Olympics, and in the 1998 Winter Olympics.	Ainhoa Ibarra Astellara	1988 Winter Olympics	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics	1998 Winter Olympics
participant of	Cecil Browning (January 29, 1883 -- March 23, 1953) was a British rackets player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Cecil Browning	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Raimonds Vilde (born August 19, 1962) is a former Latvian volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Raimonds Vilde	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Beaufort Burdekin (27 December 1891 -- 15 May 1963) was a British rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Beaufort Burdekin	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Manfred Klieme (born 3 February 1936) is a former East German racing cyclist, who won a silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.	Manfred Klieme	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roy Askevold (1 July 1935 -- 30 March 2005) was a Norwegian amateur boxer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Roy Askevold	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marie-Ève Drolet (born February 3, 1982) is a Canadian short track speed skater who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics where she won a bronze in the relay event.	Marie-Ève Drolet	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Natsumi Yabuuchi (薮内夏美, born 21 July 1977) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Natsumi Yabuuchi	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nicola Franceschina (born May 26, 1977) is an Italian short track speed skater who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics, in the 2002 Winter Olympics, and in the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Nicola Franceschina	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Li Chunxiu (Chinese: 李春秀; born August 13, 1969) is a Chinese race walker, who won the bronze medal over 10 km at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Li Chunxiu	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Károly Fogl, also known as Károly Fogoly, ``Károly Újpesti'' and ``Fogl II'' (19 January 1895 -- 12 January 1969) was a Hungarian footballer who played for Újpest FC, as well as representing the Hungarian national football team at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Károly Fogl	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Thomas Greiner (born 3 May 1963) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal in the coxless fours at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Thomas Greiner	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michel Bibard (born 30 November 1958 in Amboise, Indre-et-Loire) is a former professional French football defender, who won the gold medal with the French team at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.	Michel Bibard	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gottlob Walz (29 June 1881 -- 1943) was a German diver who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and 1908 Summer Olympics.	Gottlob Walz	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yehezkel Chazom (also spelt Hazum; born 1947) is an Israeli former international footballer who competed at the 1970 FIFA World Cup, having previously played for the Israeli national team during the 1966 World Cup qualifying campaign.	Yehezkel Chazom	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Adkar Maruti (born 15 February 1950) is an Indian former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Adkar Maruti	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Igor Gočanin (July 24, 1966 ) is a Yugoslav water polo player.He was part of the Yugoslavia team which won the Gold medal in water polo in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Igor Gočanin	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Noboru Okamoto (born 19 February 1937) is a Japanese former hammer thrower who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Noboru Okamoto	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jeannot was a leader of the 1791 slave rising that began the Haitian Revolution.	Jeannot	Haitian Revolution
participant of	Frederick Agnew Gill (born May 1873 - died 4 June 1938) was a British polo player in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Frederick Agnew Gill	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sebastian Köber (born 28 May 1979 in Frankfurt (Oder), Brandenburg) is a German boxer, who won the Heavyweight bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Sebastian Köber	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lothar Hause (born October 22, 1955 in Lübbenau, Brandenburg) is a former football player from East Germany, who won the silver medal with the East German Olympic team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Lothar Hause	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dušan Podpečan (born 12 October 1975 in Celje) is a Slovenian handball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Dušan Podpečan	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nicolas Kanivé (born November 23, 1887, date of death unknown) was a Luxembourgian gymnast and athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Nicolas Kanivé	1912 Summer Olympics	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yelena Petrova (born 13 October 1966) is a Russian former judoka who won a bronze medal in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Yelena Petrova	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stephan Görgl (born 5 June 1978 in Bruck an der Mur) is a former Austrian alpine skier, who competed in Giant slalom and Super G. He competed in the giant slalom at the 2006 Winter Olympics, but failed to finish his second run.	Stephan Görgl	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Aleš Čeh (born 7 April 1968 in Maribor, SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Slovenian football midfielder who has represented his country at the two major tournaments for which they have qualified (Euro 2000 and 2002 FIFA World Cup).	Aleš Čeh	2002 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Arnold Luhaäär (October 20, 1905 in Mõisaküla -- January 19, 1965 in Tallinn) was an Estonian weightlifter who won the bronze medal for his native country in the Men's Heavyweight Weightlifting at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany.	Arnold Luhaäär	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Branislav Karaulić (Serbian: Бранислав Караулић; born April 8, 1963 in Zemun) is a retired Serbian hurlder who represented SFR Yugoslavia at the 1988 Summer Olympics in 400m hurdles and 4 × 400 m. He was a member of the Athletics Club Red Star Belgrade.	Branislav Karaulić	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charles Palmer-Tomkinson was a competitor in the 1964 Winter Olympics in the Giant Slalom and Downhill events.	Charles Palmer-Tomkinson	1964 Winter Olympics
participant of	Tania Vicent (born January 13, 1976 in Laval, Quebec) is a Canadian short track speed skater, who competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Tania Vicent	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Akaki Chachua (born September 16, 1969 in Samtredia) is a Georgian wrestler who competed in the Men's Greco-Roman 64 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal.	Akaki Chachua	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charles Asati (born March 3, 1946) is a former Kenyan athlete, winner of gold medal in 4x400 m relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Charles Asati	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Judit Tóth (born 27 December 1906, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Judit Tóth	1928 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rudolf Cvetko (November 17, 1880 -- December 15, 1977) was a Slovene fencer who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden.	Rudolf Cvetko	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Konstantinos Moragiemos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Μοραγιέμος; born 18 November 1936) is a Greek former sprinter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Konstantinos Moragiemos	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Les McKeand (Leslie Alexander H. McKeand; 17 September 1924 -- 11 November 1950) was an Australian triple jumper who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Les McKeand	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erik Lindh (born May 24, 1964 in Kungälv) is a former international Swedish table tennis player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Erik Lindh	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom Tontowi Ahmad competed in badminton at the 2012 Summer Olympics --	Tontowi Ahmad	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Renita Farrell-Garard (born 30 May 1972 in Townsville, Queensland) is a former field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the Australian Women's Hockey Team, best known as the Hockeyroos, that won the gold medals at the 1996 and the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Renita Farrell	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tunde Bamidele (13 May 1953 -- 1997) was a Nigeria football Defender who played for Nigeria in the 1978 African Cup of Nations and in 1980 Summer Olympics .	Tunde Bamidele	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gösta Arvidsson (21 August 1925 -- 16 February 2012) was a Swedish shot putter who finished fifth at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Gösta Arvidsson	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl Bertil Karlsson (September 19, 1919 -- December 31, 2012) was a Swedish athlete who competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.	Bertil Karlsson	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sabine Becker (born 13 August 1959) is a German speed skater who competed for East Germany in the 1980 Winter Olympics.	Sabine Becker	1980 Winter Olympics
place of birth	François Grudé (born 1552, Le Mans), lord of la Croix du Maine, was a French writer and bibliographer.	François Grudé	Le Mans
place of birth	Lars Kober (born 19 October 1976 in Berlin) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s.	Lars Kober	Berlin
place of birth	Marjan Kalhor (Persian: مرجان كلهر ‎; born 21 July 1988 in Tehran) is an Iranian alpine skier who became the first Iranian woman to participate in the Winter Olympics, at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics.	Marjan Kalhor	Tehran
place of birth	Andrzej Saramonowicz (born 23 February 1965 in Warsaw) is a Polish director, actor, journalist and scenarist.	Andrzej Saramonowicz	Warsaw
place of birth	Mathias Fredriksson (born 11 February 1973 in Uddevalla, Västra Götaland County) is a Swedish former cross country skier who has competed since 1993.	Mathias Fredriksson	Uddevalla
place of birth	Joshua Babcock (1707--1783) was a physician, American Revolution general, Rhode Island Supreme Court justice, and postmaster from Westerly, Rhode Island.	Joshua Babcock	Westerly
place of birth	Carlos Zéfiro is the pseudonym for Alcides Aguiar Caminha (September 26, 1921 - July 5, 1992), a famous Brazilian comic artist who drew pornographic comics, born in Rio de Janeiro.	Carlos Zéfiro	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Enedina Lloris (born 1957, Alfara del Patriarca) is a Valencian soprano.	Enedina Lloris	Alfara del Patriarca
place of birth	Bharat Agnihotri (born April 9, 1953, India) is a Canadian politician and a former member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.	Bharat Agnihotri	India
place of birth	Gerald Goodlake was the son of Thomas Mills Goodlake of Wadley at Faringdon in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) and his wife, Emilia Maria, the daughter of Sir Edward Baker, 1st Baronet of Radstone in Dorset.	Gerald Goodlake	Faringdon
place of birth	Aavo Sarap (born 21 April 1962 in Tallinn) is an Estonian football coach, he works now as Head coach of IF Gnistan in Finland.	Aavo Sarap	Tallinn
place of birth	Martin Schützenauer (born June 25, 1962 in Vienna) is an Austrian bobsledder and athlete who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade).	Martin Schützenauer	Vienna
place of birth	Theo Gries (born 10 February 1961 in Mittelbrunn) is a German football manager and retired player who is currently coaching 1.	Theo Gries	Mittelbrunn
place of birth	Roxana Díaz Burgos (born February 20, 1972 in Caracas) is Venezuelan television actress.	Roxana Díaz Burgos	Caracas
place of birth	Yan Shipeng (Chinese: 阎世鹏; Pinyin: Yán Shìpéng, born 8 September 1987 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League.	Yan Shipeng	Dalian
place of birth	John Arlott was born in 1914 at Cemetery Lodge, Chapel Hill, Basingstoke in Hampshire, the son of William John Arlott and Nellie Arlott.	John Arlott	Basingstoke
place of birth	Al Goodman (August 12, 1890 in Nikopol, Ukraine -- January 10, 1972 in New York City, New York) was a conductor, songwriter, stage composer, musical director, arranger, and pianist.	Al Goodman	Nikopol
place of birth	Ditaola Ditaola (born 23 August 1978) is a Botswana footballer who plays as a striker for Police XI. He played for the Botswana national football team between 1998 and 2002.	Ditaola Ditaola	Botswana
place of birth	Pedro Parages Diego Madrazo (born 17 December 1883, in Madrid) was President of Real Madrid between 1916 and 1926.	Pedro Parages	Madrid
place of birth	Niko Saler (born April 15, 1992 in Lethbridge, Alberta) is a Canadian soccer player.	Niko Saler	Lethbridge
place of birth	Ada Kuchařová (born 5 January 1958 in Brno) is a Czech orienteering competitor.	Ada Kuchařová	Brno
place of birth	Dobroslav Jevđević was born in the hamlet of Miloševac in Prača, near the town of Rogatica on 28 December 1895 to Dimitrije and Angela Jevđević (née Kosorić).	Dobroslav Jevđević	Prača
place of birth	Horton was born in the Princeton community of Jackson County, Alabama, one of twelve children of Henry Hollis Horton, a Baptist minister, and Anne (Moore) Horton.	Henry Hollis Horton	Jackson County
place of birth	Valerie Wellington (November 14, 1959 -- January 2, 1993) was an African-American Chicago blues and electric blues singer and actress.	Valerie Wellington	Chicago
place of birth	Born in Chapecó, Santa Catarina, Hyoran appeared for Paraná, Coritiba and Corinthians' youth setup before making his senior debuts while on loan at Flamengo de Guarulhos.	Hyoran	Chapecó
place of birth	Michael Wadleigh, also known as Michael Wadley (September 24, 1942, Akron, Ohio), is an American film director and cinematographer renowned for his groundbreaking documentary of the 1969 Woodstock Festival, Woodstock.	Michael Wadleigh	Akron
place of birth	Born in Oviedo, Asturias, Quini joined local Real Oviedo's neighbours Sporting de Gijón in 1968, from amateurs Ensidesa.	Quini	Oviedo
place of birth	Born in Pavia, Drupi, a former plumber with the hobby of fishing, started his career as lead singer of the band ``Le Calamite''.	Drupi	Pavia
place of birth	The Blessed Peter González, O.P., sometimes referred to as Pedro González Telmo, Saint Telmo, or Saint Elmo, was a Castilian Dominican friar and priest, born in 1190 in Frómista, Palencia, Kingdom of Castile and Leon.	Peter González	Frómista
place of birth	Matteo Carrara (born 25 March 1979 in Alzano Lombardo) is an Italian former racing cyclist, who rode as a professional between 2001 and 2012.	Matteo Carrara	Alzano Lombardo
place of birth	Stefanos Paparounas (Greek: Στέφανος Παπαρούνας, born 22 January 1990 in Trikala) is a Greek diver.	Stefanos Paparounas	Trikala
place of birth	Safwan Abdul-Ghani Mohammed (Arabic: صفوان عبدالغني محمد‎) (born September 9, 1983 in Iraq) is an Iraqi football player who currently plays for Al-Shorta in Iraq.	Safwan Abdul-Ghani	Iraq
place of birth	Robert Hofferer (born 1959 in Klagenfurt) is an Austrian film and theatre producer and a cultural manager.	Robert Hofferer	Klagenfurt
place of birth	Vasilko Konstantinovich (Russian: Василько Константинович; 7 December 1209 in Rostov -- 4 March 1238 in Sherensky forest) was the first Prince of Rostov, Russia.	Vasilko Konstantinovich	Rostov
place of birth	Maria Szyszkowska (born October 7, 1937 in Warsaw) is a Polish academic, writer and former Senator.	Maria Szyszkowska	Warsaw
place of birth	Cristiano Giusberti (born December 19, 1970) known by his primary stage name Technoboy is an Italian Hardstyle-DJ and Producer from Bologna.	Technoboy	Bologna
place of birth	August Kappler (November 11, 1815 - October 20, 1887) was a German researcher, naturalist and explorer who was a native of Mannheim.	August Kappler	Mannheim
place of birth	Mildred Noble was born in northern Ontario, Canada in 1921.	Mildred Noble	Ontario
place of birth	Adam Kraft (or Krafft) (c. 1460? -- January 1509) was a German stone sculptor and master builder of the late Gothic period, based in Nuremberg and with a documented career there from 1490.	Adam Kraft	Nuremberg
place of birth	Lynn Flewelling (born Lynn Elizabeth Beaulieu on October 20, 1958 in Presque Isle, Maine) is a fantasy fiction author.	Lynn Flewelling	Presque Isle
place of birth	Kelly Norris Sarno (born 1966 in Edmonton, Alberta) is the owner and Executive Producer of production company Symphony 19, based in Los Angeles, California.	Kelly Norris Sarno	Edmonton
place of birth	Nikolaus von Üxküll-Gyllenband was born in Güns (Hungarian: Kőszeg), Austria-Hungary and joined the Austro--	Nikolaus von Üxküll-Gyllenband	Kőszeg
place of birth	Heinz Gerstinger (born October 13, 1919 in Vienna) is an Austrian writer, playwright and historian.	Heinz Gerstinger	Vienna
place of birth	Thomas Hirschhorn (born in Bern, 16 May 1957) is a Swiss artist.	Thomas Hirschhorn	Bern
place of birth	Marion Albert Pruett (October 4, 1949 in Gastonia, North Carolina -- April 12, 1999 in Cummins Unit, Arkansas) was an American spree killer.	Marion Albert Pruett	Gastonia, North Carolina
place of birth	Óscar Moreno (Porto, November 16, 1878 - Porto, May 26, 1971), was a Portuguese urologist, doctor, scientist and chemist.	Óscar Moreno	Porto
place of birth	Clyde Edward Pangborn, son of Max and Opal Lamb Pangborn, was born in Bridgeport, Washington, near Lake Chelan.	Clyde Edward Pangborn	Bridgeport
place of birth	Ladislav Škorpil (born 6 June 1945 in Hradec Králové) is a former Czech football player and former manager of the Czech club FC Slovan Liberec.	Ladislav Škorpil	Hradec Králové
place of birth	Giuseppe Giorgi (San Luca, 6 March 1961) is an Italian criminal belonging to the 'Ndrangheta, a criminal organisation in Calabria.	Giuseppe Giorgi	San Luca
place of birth	Anne Queffélec (born 17 January 1948) is a French classical pianist, born in Paris.	Anne Queffélec	Paris
place of birth	Born in the 1930s in Buenos Aires, Juan Carlos Cáceres became intimately involved with the existentialist movement that thrived in the city during the years of his youth.	Juan Carlos Cáceres	Buenos Aires
place of birth	George Shaw (1865 -- 15 December 1928), known as Slotch Shaw, was an English professional footballer who made thirteen appearances in the Football League playing as a right half or outside left for Lincoln City.	Slotch Shaw	Lincoln
place of birth	Walter Eucken was born on 17 January 1891 in Jena in present-day Thuringia, as son of the philosopher Rudolf Eucken (1846-1926), who won the 1908 Nobel Prize in Literature and his wife, Irene (1863-1941, née Passow), a painter.	Walter Eucken	Jena
place of birth	Xu Guangqi was born into a relatively poor family in Shanghai on April 24, 1562.	Xu Guangqi	Shanghai
place of birth	Charles Kushner grew up in Elizabeth, New Jersey, with an elder brother, Murray, and a sister, Esther.	Charles Kushner	Elizabeth
place of birth	Doug Carpenter (born July 1, 1942, in Cornwall, Ontario) is a former head coach in the National Hockey League, the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, the International Hockey League and the American Hockey League, and is a former hockey player in the Eastern Hockey League and the International Hockey League.	Doug Carpenter	Cornwall
place of birth	Annette D'Agostino Lloyd (née Annette Marie D'Agostino, born August 8, 1962 in Staten Island, NY) is a silent film historian and author of numerous books on silent film and television, particularly on the life and works of actor Harold Lloyd.	Annette D'Agostino Lloyd	Staten Island
place of birth	Stacey McKenzie (born in Kingston, Jamaica) is a Canadian fashion model, runway coach and most recently a model coach and judge on the Canadian reality television show Canada's Next Top Model.	Stacey McKenzie	Kingston
place of birth	Pranita was born Gemma Pranita Xumsai in 1986 in Bangkok, Thailand, the daughter of a Thai father and an English mother.	Gemma Pranita	Bangkok
place of birth	Levan Abashidze (Georgian: ლევან აბაშიძე, Russian: Леван Абашидзе) (22 May 1963, Tbilisi - 7 September 1992, Sukhumi) was a Georgian actor.	Levan Abashidze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Kelly Jefferson is a Canadian jazz saxophonist (born March 4, 1970 in Regina, Saskatchewan), he has recorded and performed with numerous jazz musicians and bands.	Kelly Jefferson	Regina
place of birth	Maxime Fleuriot is a former association football player from the Turks and Caicos Islands.	Maxime Fleuriot	Turks and Caicos Islands
place of birth	Howard Chaykin was born in Newark, New Jersey, to Rosalind Pave and Norman Drucker, who soon separated.	Howard Chaykin	Newark
place of birth	Gregory Breit (Russian: Григорий Альфредович Брейт-Шнайдер, Grigory Breit-Alfredovich Shneider; July 14, 1899, Mykolaiv -- September 11, 1981, Houston, Texas) was an American physicist and professor at NYU (1929--1934), U. of Wisconsin--	Gregory Breit	Mykolaiv
place of birth	Kamil Sedláček (born 7 July 1926 in Třebíč) is a prominent Czech tibetologist and comparative Sino-Tibetan linguist.	Kamil Sedláček	Třebíč
place of birth	Scott Avett was born in 1976 in Cheyenne, Wyoming to Susie and Jim Avett of Concord, North Carolina.	Scott Avett	Cheyenne
place of birth	K. Sukumaran was born on 8 January 1903 to great reformer, thinker and socio-cultural leader C.V. Kunhiraman and Kunjikavu in Mayyanad of Kollam District who established Kerala Kaumudi as a periodical in 1911.	K. Sukumaran	Mayyanad
place of birth	Willie Nix (August 6, 1922 -- July 8, 1991) was an American Chicago blues singer and drummer, active in Memphis, Tennessee, United States, in the 1940s and 1950s.	Willie Nix	Memphis
place of birth	Sonia Humphrey was born in 1947 in Cambridge, England to Australian scientists George Humphrey and Beverley Franklin.	Sonia Humphrey	Cambridge
place of birth	E. Duke Vincent (born Edward Ventimiglia on April 30, 1932, in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States) is an American television producer.	E. Duke Vincent	Jersey City
place of birth	Louis François Jean Chabot (27 April 1757 in Niort -- 11 March 1837 in Sansais) was a French general.	Louis François Jean Chabot	Niort
place of birth	Major General Augustine Prévost (b. 22 August 1723 Geneva, Switzerland -- d. 4 May 1786 East Barnet, England) was a Swiss-born British soldier who served in the Seven Years' War and the American War of Independence.	Augustine Prévost	Geneva
place of birth	Vicki Noon was born in Tucson, Arizona, and moved with her family at a young age to Washington state.	Vicki Noon	Tucson
place of birth	Damir Zakhartdinov (Uzbek: Дамир Захартдинов; born January 2, 1976 in Tashkent) is a retired amateur Uzbek freestyle wrestler, who competed in the men's lightweight category.	Damir Zakhartdinov	Tashkent
place of birth	Magdalena Kopp grew up in Neu-Ulm and after leaving school trained as a photographer.	Magdalena Kopp	Neu-Ulm
place of birth	Chao Phraya Bodindecha (Thai: เจ้าพระยาบดินทรเดชา, personal name Sing Singhaseni, สิงห์ สิงหเสนี 1777--1849) was one of the most prominent political and military figures of the early Bangkok Rattanakosin Kingdom.	Bodindecha	Bangkok
place of birth	Jan Hellström (born February 21, 1960 in Söderköping, Östergötland) is a former Swedish footballer, who played as a striker.	Jan Hellström	Söderköping
place of birth	Elena Kong Mei-yee (born 20 September 1971) is a Hong Kong actress, radio DJ, and presenter.	Elena Kong	Hong Kong
place of birth	Natalie Saleeba (born in Perth) is an Australian actress of Lebanese descent.	Natalie Saleeba	Perth
place of birth	Trevor Duncan was born Leonard Charles Trebilcock (he later shortened this to Trebilco) in Camberwell, London, England.	Trevor Duncan	Camberwell
place of birth	Stephen Latchford was born on February 4, 1883 to George G. Latchford, a B&O Railroad operator in Annapolis Junction, Maryland, and his wife, Miranda.	Stephen Latchford	Annapolis Junction
place of birth	Caravaggio (Michelangelo Merisi or Amerighi) was born in Milan where his father, Fermo (Fermo Merixio), was a household administrator and architect-decorator to the Marchese of Caravaggio, a town not far from the city of Bergamo.	Caravaggio	Bergamo
place of birth	Rudolf Kassner (11 September 1873, Velké Pavlovice -- 1 April 1959) was an Austrian writer, essayist, translator and cultural philosopher.	Rudolf Kassner	Velké Pavlovice
place of birth	Válber Roel de Oliveira, simply known as Válber (born 31 March 1967 in Rio de Janeiro), is a former association footballer who played primarily as centre back.	Válber Roel de Oliveira	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Mattias Nylund (born September 23, 1980, Sundsvall, Medelpad) is a former Swedish soccer player, who now works as youth team coach at Norwegian 2nd division club Egersunds IK, alongside fellow countryman Magnus Powell.	Mattias Nylund	Sundsvall
place of birth	Meyrem Almaci (born 25 February 1976, in Sint-Niklaas) is a Belgian (Flemish) politician and member of the ecological party Groen!.	Meyrem Almaci	Sint-Niklaas
place of birth	Crist Ballas (born August 11, 1965, in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is a make-up artist for film and television.	Crist Ballas	Saint Paul
place of birth	Nicholas Frankau (born 16 July 1954 in Stockport) is an English actor best known for playing the role of Flt.	Nicholas Frankau	Stockport
place of birth	Paul Bonar (born 28 December 1976 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional footballer, who played for Airdrieonians, Raith Rovers, Ayr United, Albion Rovers and Stenhousemuir in the Scottish Football League.	Paul Bonar	Glasgow
place of birth	Calvin Albert (1918 Grand Rapids, Michigan - June 4, 2007) was a member of American Abstract Artists, and Professor of Art at the Pratt Institute, from 1950 to 1985.	Calvin Albert	Grand Rapids
place of birth	Born in the Brooklyn borough of New York City, Logan is the eldest of seven children born to bank executive Robert Logan, Sr. Young ``R.J.'' was active in high school sports; he received a baseball scholarship to the University of Arizona at Tucson.	Robert Logan	Brooklyn
place of birth	While her parents had immigrated from Barbados, Elma Lewis was born and raised in Boston, Massachusetts.	Elma Lewis	Boston
place of birth	In 1885, Hermann Schaefer was born in Metz, in Alsace-Lorraine.	Hermann Schaefer	Metz
place of birth	Frederick Ma Si-hang, GBS, JP (born 22 February 1952 in Hong Kong with family roots in Chaozhou, Guangdong), is the chairman of a China Strategic Group (SEHK: 235).	Frederick Ma	Hong Kong
place of birth	Carolina Acevedo Rojas (born October 7, 1979) in Bogotá is a Colombian actress.	Carolina Acevedo	Bogotá
place of birth	Wilfried Cretskens (born 10 July 1976 in Herk-de-Stad) is a Belgian road bicycle racer who is currently under contract to UCI Continental team Donckers Koffie-Jelly Belly, having joined them on 2 May 2011.	Wilfried Cretskens	Herk-de-Stad
place of birth	Henry Dodge was born in Vincennes (then under the jurisdiction of Virginia) when Nancy stopped over to visit Israel (on duty in Vincennes) on her way from Kaskaskia to Louisville.	Henry Dodge	Vincennes
place of birth	Diane Pearson (born 5 November 1931 in Croydon, London, England) is a British book editor and also writer of romance novels since 1967, who has been translated into several languages.	Diane Pearson	Croydon
place of birth	Samuel Alatri (1805 in Rome -- May 20, 1889 in Rome) was an Italian politician, communal worker, and orator.	Samuel Alatri	Rome
place of birth	Arie van Beek was born in Rotterdam in 1951, the son of Joost van Beek, conductor and long-term secretary of the Association of Orchestra Conductors.	Arie van Beek	Rotterdam
place of birth	Zhang Xuejing (张学景, Tianjin, 1935-), stagename Niu Ben (牛犇) is a Chinese film actor.	Niu Ben	Tianjin
place of birth	Paolo Bossini (born 29 June 1985 in Villa Carcina, Brescia) is an Italian breaststroke swimmer.	Paolo Bossini	Brescia
place of birth	Waldemar Matuška was born in Košice, then Czechoslovakia (now Slovakia), and spent his whole childhood in Prague.	Waldemar Matuška	Košice
place of birth	Devendra Surana (हिंदी: देवेम्द्र सुराना) (born 8 February 1965 in Hyderabad) is an Industrialist, Managing Director of Bhagyanagar India Limited and Director of Surana Ventures Limited and Surana Group of Companies.	Devendra Surana	Hyderabad
place of birth	Sheran Yeini began his football career with Maccabi Tel Aviv's youth ranks.	Sheran Yeini	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Floris Stempel (January 18, 1877 -- January~March, 1910) was the first chairman ever in the history of football club Ajax Amsterdam.	Floris Stempel	Amsterdam
place of birth	Alphonso Taft was born in Townshend, Vermont, the only child and son of Peter R. Taft of the powerful Taft family and Sylvia Howard, on November 5, 1810.	Alphonso Taft	Townshend, Vermont
place of birth	Antonio García Padilla (born 1954 in Ponce, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican scholar.	Antonio García Padilla	Ponce
place of birth	Anaxilas or Anaxilaus (Gr. Ἀναξίλας or Ἀναξίλαος), son of Cretines, was a tyrant of Rhegium (modern Reggio Calabria).	Anaxilas	Reggio Calabria
place of birth	Franz Schausberger (German pronunciation: (ˈfʀanʦ ˈʃaʊsbɛʁɡɐ); born 5 February 1950 in Steyr) is an Austrian politician (ÖVP) and historian.	Franz Schausberger	Steyr
place of birth	Charles Edward Hubbard was born on 23 May 1900 in Appleton, a hamlet on the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, where his father, also named Charled Edward Hubbard, was the head gardener at Appleton House to the queen of Norway.	Charles Edward Hubbard	Norfolk
place of birth	Vera Barbosa (born 13 January 1989 in Vila Franca de Xira) is a Portuguese track and field athlete.	Vera Barbosa	Vila Franca de Xira
place of birth	Chang Hao (Chinese: 常昊; pinyin: Cháng Hào; born November 7, 1976 in Shanghai) is a professional Go player.	Chang Hao	Shanghai
place of birth	Martina Halinárová, née Jašicová, also known as Schwarzbacherová from her first marriage, (born April 22, 1973 in Dolný Kubín) is a Slovakian biathlete.	Martina Halinárová	Dolný Kubín
place of birth	Lamri Laachi (born on October 1, 1951 in Sétif) is a former Algerian footballer.	Lamri Laachi	Sétif
place of birth	Steve Cowan (born 17 February 1963 in Paisley) is a Scottish former professional football player.	Steve Cowan	Paisley
place of birth	Isabelle Nicoloso-Verger is a French track cyclist, born 13 February 1961 in Domont.	Isabelle Nicoloso	Domont
place of birth	Luis Eduardo Aute was born in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, on September 13, 1943.	Luis Eduardo Aute	Manila
place of birth	Samuel Morton Peto, normally called Morton Peto, was born on 4 August 1809, in Woking, Surrey.	Morton Peto	Woking
place of birth	István Sallói (born 26 September 1966 in Oroszlány) is a former Hungarian football player who came from a real football family.	István Sallói	Oroszlány
place of birth	Maurizio Arrivabene (born in Brescia in 1957) is the current team principal of the Ferrari Formula One team.	Maurizio Arrivabene	Brescia
place of birth	Brás Cubas (Porto, December 1507 -- Porto, 1592) was a Portuguese nobleman, explorer and the founder of the village of Santos (a city today).	Brás Cubas	Porto
place of birth	Lee MacLeod (born May 16, 1953, Los Angeles, California) is an illustrator.	Lee MacLeod	Los Angeles
place of birth	Jean Anderson (12 December 1907 -- 1 April 2001) was an English actress born in Eastbourne, Sussex.	Jean Anderson	Eastbourne
place of birth	Heinz Stücke (born 11 January 1940) is a German traveller, vagabond, and long-distance touring cyclist from Hövelhof, North Rhine-Westphalia.	Heinz Stücke	Hövelhof
place of birth	Mike Leon Grosch (born November 2, 1976 in Wuppertal) is a German singer, who came to fame as the runner-up of the third season of the television show Deutschland sucht den SuperStar, the German version of Pop Idol.	Mike Leon Grosch	Wuppertal
place of birth	Didrik Ferdinand Didrichsen (3 July 1814, Copenhagen -- 19 March 1887) was a Danish botanist and physicist.	Ferdinand Didrichsen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Henry Foley Knight was born to John Henry Knight and Elizabeth Bligh Foley in Farnham on 19 January 1886.	Henry Foley Knight	Farnham
place of birth	Billie E. Myrick, known as Bill Myrick (August 6, 1926 -- March 12, 2011), was an American Country musician, originally from Simpson County in south central Mississippi but a long-time resident of Odessa in West Texas.	Bill Myrick	Simpson County
place of birth	Kassim Bizimana (born 29 December 1985 in Bujumbura) is a Burundian striker who played with VV Sneek in the Netherlands.	Kassim Bizimana	Bujumbura
place of birth	Lemmy was born on Christmas Eve in the Burslem area of Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.	Lemmy	Burslem
place of birth	Filiz Koç was born to a Turkish father and a German mother in Ankara, Turkey on October 6, 1986.	Filiz Koç	Ankara
place of birth	Levi Herzfeld (27 December 1810, Ellrich -- 11 March 1884, Brunswick) was a German rabbi and historian.	Levi Herzfeld	Ellrich
place of birth	In 2011, Rakim performed Paid in Full in its entirety at the Blue Note Jazz Club in New York City, in honor of the album's 25th anniversary.	Rakim	New York City
place of birth	Julie Mitchum (July 23, 1914 -- February 21, 2003) was born Annette Mitchum in Charleston, South Carolina, to James Thomas Mitchum and Ann Harriet Gunderson.	Julie Mitchum	Charleston
place of birth	Shahyar Ghanbari (Persian: شهیار قنبری‎‎ also spelled wrongly as Shahryar, born 28 July 1950 in Tehran) is an Iranian Poet, Writer, lyricist, songwriter, and singer of Persian pop music.He is also a Film director &Radio-TV Producer .	Shahyar Ghanbari	Tehran
place of birth	Stefan Gaisreiter (born 10 December 1947 in Murnau am Staffelsee) is a West German bobsledder who competed from the late 1960s to the late 1970s.	Stefan Gaisreiter	Murnau am Staffelsee
place of birth	Jim Fielder (born October 4, 1947 in Denton, Texas) is an American bassist, best known for his work as an original member of Blood, Sweat & Tears.	Jim Fielder	Denton
place of birth	Matthias Fletzberger (born 1965 in Vienna) is an Austrian classical pianist and conductor.	Matthias Fletzberger	Vienna
place of birth	Margaret Bingham was born Margaret Smyth in Devon, England, the younger of the two daughters of James Smith MP of Canons-Leigh, Devon, and his wife Grace.	Margaret Bingham	Devon
place of birth	Furdjel Narsingh (born 13 March 1988 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a Winger for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Furdjel Narsingh	Amsterdam
place of birth	Silvio Pellico was born at Saluzzo (Piedmont).	Silvio Pellico	Saluzzo
place of birth	Uwe Lyko (born 22 September 1954 in Duisburg) is a German comedian and cabaratist.	Uwe Lyko	Duisburg
place of birth	Robert Görl (born June 15, 1955 in Munich) is a German musician, best known for his work with Deutsch Amerikanische Freundschaft (D.A.F.) and for his solo recordings, particularly Night Full Of Tension and ``Darling Don't Leave Me''.	Robert Görl	Munich
place of birth	Miguel Arroyo Rosales (6 December 1966, Huamantla) is a retired Mexican road racing cyclist.	Miguel Arroyo	Huamantla
place of birth	Laura Strong (born October 31, 1979 in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian curler .	Laura Strong	St. John
place of birth	Richard Gambier-Parry, son of architect Sidney Gambier-Parry (1859 -- 1948) and his wife Grace née Denman, was born on 20 January 1894 at Highnam Court (pictured at left), Highnam, Gloucestershire, England.	Richard Gambier-Parry	Highnam Court
place of birth	Hugh Hambleton (born in 1922 in Ottawa) is a Canadian and British economist and a spy in the service of the Soviet Union.	Hugh Hambleton	Ottawa
place of birth	Trevor Matthewson was born in Sheffield and comes from a footballing family: both his grandfather (Tommy Matthewson for Sheffield Wednesday and South Shields) and uncle (Reg Matthewson) had played professionally.	Trevor Matthewson	Sheffield
place of birth	SHV-205 Welding, a vessel of Sea Home Guard was named after Leif Welding-Olsen Welding Olsens vei of Oslo is named after him Leif Welding street in Horten (Welding birthplace) is named after him	Leif Welding-Olsen	Horten
place of birth	Emma Curtis Hopkins was born Josephine Emma Curtis in Killingly, Connecticut, in 1849 to Rufus Curtis and Lydia Phillips Curtis.	Emma Curtis Hopkins	Killingly, Connecticut
place of birth	Warren Garst was born to Dr. Michael Garst and Marie Louise Morrison in Dayton, Ohio.	Warren Garst	Dayton
place of birth	Dan Gibson (Montreal, January 19, 1922 -- March 18, 2006) was a Canadian photographer, cinematographer and sound recordist.	Dan Gibson	Montreal
place of birth	Victoria Recaño (born July 2, 1975 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American television personality currently working for Inside Edition.	Victoria Recaño	St. Louis
place of birth	Charles de Lauzirika (born August 17, 1967 in Los Angeles, California) is an American DVD and Blu-ray producer and filmmaker.	Charles de Lauzirika	Los Angeles
place of birth	Lee Chi Ching (Chinese: 李志清; pinyin: Lǐ Zhìqīng; born 1963) is a Hong Kong Manhua illustrator with the pen name ``Qing'er'' (清兒).	Lee Chi Ching	Hong Kong
place of birth	Omari Akhmedov (Russian: Омари Ахмедов; born October 12, 1987 in Kizlyar) is a Russian of Lak descent born in Dagestan, professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Omari Akhmedov	Kizlyar
place of birth	Xi Zhang (Chinese: 张曦; born 1984 in Kaifeng, China) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in China and the United States.	Xi Zhang	Kaifeng
place of birth	Elem Klimov was born in Stalingrad (now Volgograd) in July 1933.	Elem Klimov	Volgograd
place of birth	Mikel Artetxe Guezuraga (born September 24, 1976 in Larrabetzu, Basque Country) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer for the Professional Continental team Fuerteventura-Canarias.	Mikel Artetxe	Larrabetzu
place of birth	Paola Fantato (born in Verona on September 13, 1959) is an Italian former archer, that won 8 medals (5 gold) at the Summer Paralympics.	Paola Fantato	Verona
place of birth	Michel Roux was born in Charolles, Saône-et-Loire, in a room above his grandfather's charcuterie (a delicatessen specializing in meat products).	Michel Roux	Charolles
place of birth	Pal Aron (born 1971 in Birmingham, Warwickshire) is a British television and theatre actor, best known for playing Adam Osman in Casualty, Brandon Kane in The Bill, Jayesh Parekh and Sonny Dhillon in Coronation Street.	Pal Aron	Birmingham
place of birth	Born in Oceanside, California to Patricia (née Lowe) and Louisiana-born writer Andre Dubus, Andre Dubus III grew up in mill towns in the Merrimack River valley along the Massachusetts--	Andre Dubus III	Oceanside
place of birth	Giacomo Leopardi was born into a local noble family in Recanati, in the Marche, at the time ruled by the papacy.	Giacomo Leopardi	Recanati
place of birth	Mikhail Siamionau (Belarusian: Міхаіл Сямёнаў) (born 30 July 1984 in Minsk) is a Belarusian wrestler.	Mikhail Siamionau	Minsk
place of birth	Brent Bookwalter (born February 16, 1984 in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States) is an American professional cyclist riding for the BMC Racing Team.	Brent Bookwalter	Albuquerque
place of birth	David Blunkett, Baron Blunkett, PC (born 6 June 1947) is best known as a British politician and more recently as an academic, having represented the Sheffield Brightside and Hillsborough constituency for 28 years through to 7 May 2015 when he stepped down at the general election.	David Blunkett	Sheffield
place of birth	Herman Weigel (born 22 March 1950 in Moers) is a German film producer and screenwriter.	Herman Weigel	Moers
place of birth	Michael Basinski (born 1950 Buffalo, New York) is an American text, visual and sound poet.	Michael Basinski	Buffalo
place of birth	Tomasz Zahorski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈtɔmaʐ zaˈhɔrski); born November 22, 1984 in Barczewo) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Charlotte Independence in the USL.	Tomasz Zahorski	Barczewo
place of birth	Vittorio Parisi (born in Milan, April 6, 1957) is an Italian conductor and teacher.	Vittorio Parisi	Milan
place of birth	Greg Costikyan (born July 22, 1959, in New York City), sometimes known under the pseudonym ``Designer X'', is an American game designer and science fiction writer.	Greg Costikyan	New York City
place of birth	Hans Forssell was born at Gävle, Gästrikland, where his father, the clergyman Carl Adolf Forssell, taught in the gymnasium.	Hans Forssell	Gävle
place of birth	Elmaz Abinader (born 1954 in Pennsylvania) is an Arab-American author, poet, performer, English professor at Mills College and co-founder of the Vona/Voices.	Elmaz Abinader	Pennsylvania
place of birth	Gus Yatron was born in Reading, Pennsylvania, to George H. and Theano Lazo Yatron, working-class Greek immigrants from the Greek city of Mytilene, of the island Lesbos.	Gus Yatron	Reading
place of birth	Anatoly Skurov was born in the Tula Oblast, Russian SFSR, USSR on 7 December 1952, and is currently a resident of Moscow.	Anatoly Skurov	Tula Oblast
place of birth	Arif Malikov (also Melikov; September 13, 1933 in Baku) is an Azerbaijani and Soviet composer.	Arif Malikov	Baku
place of birth	Viktor Zholudev was born on 22 March 1905 in Uglich in the Yaroslavl Governorate in a working class family.	Viktor Zholudev	Uglich
place of birth	The son of Tony Jefferies, also a former Isle of Man TT winner in 1971, David Jefferies was born in Shipley, West Yorkshire, England.	David Jefferies	Shipley
place of birth	Charles Dissels (born 21 December 1984 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a winger.	Charles Dissels	Amsterdam
place of birth	Barak Moshe (Hebrew: ברק משה‎; born 19 March 1991) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Hapoel Jerusalem.	Barak Moshe	Jerusalem
place of birth	Ahmed Mejri (Arabic: أحمد الماجري‎; born January 2, 1990 in Tunis) is a Tunisian lightweight amateur boxer who won the 2011 All-Africa Games.	Ahmed Mejri	Tunis
place of birth	Ahmed Harbi Mahajna (Arabic: أحمد حربي محاجنة‎, Hebrew: אחמד מחאג'נה‎; born 16 July 1986 in Umm al-Fahm) simply known as Ahmed Harbi is an Israeli-born Palestinian footballer currently playing for Al-Am'ary as a full back, having previously played in the Israeli league.	Ahmed Harbi	Umm al-Fahm
place of birth	Fred St-Gelais (born Frederic St-Gelais on September 2, 1974 in Chibougamau, Quebec) is a Canadian songwriter, television music composer, record producer and multi-instrumentalist, currently living in Montreal, Quebec.	Fred St-Gelais	Chibougamau
place of birth	Professor Siegwart Horst Günther (24 February 1925 in Halle, Saale -- 16 January 2015) was a German physician and activist.	Siegwart Horst Günther	Halle
place of birth	Cornelius Coughlan VC (27 June 1828, Eyrecourt, County Galway -- 14 February 1915) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Cornelius Coughlan	Eyrecourt
place of birth	Alec Brook-Krasny (Russian: Алек Брук-Красный) (born March 2, 1958, Moscow, former Soviet Union) is an American Jewish former politician and the first Soviet-born Russian speaker to become a member of the New York State Assembly.	Alec Brook-Krasny	Moscow
place of birth	Giovanni Grespan (born Treviso, 21 January 1967) is an Italian former rugby union player and a current team manager.	Giovanni Grespan	Treviso
place of birth	Nils Ferlin was born in Karlstad, Värmland, where his father worked at Nya Wermlands-Tidningen.	Nils Ferlin	Karlstad
place of birth	Cai Tongtong (Chinese: 蔡彤彤; pinyin: Cài Tóngtóng; born February 7, 1990 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast.	Cai Tongtong	Wenzhou
place of birth	Michael Streiter (born 19 January 1966 in Hall in Tirol) is a retired Austrian footballer.	Michael Streiter	Hall in Tirol
place of birth	Emily Maher (born 2 May 1981 in Kilkenny) is a retired Irish athlete who specialised in the sprinting events.	Emily Maher	Kilkenny
place of birth	Béla Bartók was born in the small Banatian town of Nagyszentmiklós in the Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary (since 1920 Sânnicolau Mare, Romania) on 25 March 1881.	Béla Bartók	Sânnicolau Mare
place of birth	Robert Howden (born March 28, 1917 in Durban, Natal; died May 1, 2004 in Durban North, KwaZulu-Natal) was a South African cricketer who only made three first-class appearances.	Robert Howden	Durban
place of birth	Linden Porco (born 29 August 1996 in Winnipeg) is a Canadian dwarf child actor.	Linden Porco	Winnipeg
place of birth	Antonio Ortuño (Guadalajara, 1976) is a Mexican novelist and short story writer.	Antonio Ortuño	Guadalajara
place of birth	Étienne Daho (pronounced: (e.tjɛn da.o)) (born January 14, 1956 in Oran, French Algeria) is a French singer, songwriter and record producer.	Étienne Daho	Oran
place of birth	Campbell Brown was born Alma Dale Campbell Brown in Ferriday, Louisiana, the daughter of the former Louisiana Democratic State Senator and Secretary of State James H. Brown Jr., and Brown's first wife, Dale Campbell.	Campbell Brown	Ferriday, Louisiana
place of birth	The Hon. Seton Montolieu Montgomerie (15 May 1846 -- 26 November 1883) was born at the Clarendon Hotel, London.	Seton Montolieu Montgomerie	London
place of birth	Born in Beijing, Ching Ling Foo studied traditional Chinese magic and was a well-respected performer in his homeland.	Ching Ling Foo	Beijing
place of birth	Christoph Gruber (born 25 March 1976 in Schwaz) is an Austrian former alpine skier competing in all World Cup disciplines except slalom.	Christoph Gruber	Schwaz
place of birth	Benjamin Franklin Rawson was born on 29 March 1819 (or 1820) in the city of San Juan.	Franklin Rawson	San Juan
place of birth	Tomáš Máder (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtomaːʃ ˈmaːdɛr)) (born 18 April 1974 in Prague) is a Czech slalom canoer who competed in the 1990s and 2000s.	Tomáš Máder	Prague
place of birth	Gill Landry, also known by the stage name of Frank Lemon, is a singer/songwriter and guitarist born in Lake Charles, Louisiana, and a former member of Old Crow Medicine Show.	Gill Landry	Lake Charles
place of birth	Lol Crawley BSC (born in Shrewsbury, Shropshire as Laurie Crawley), is an English cinematographer and director of photography.	Lol Crawley	Shrewsbury
place of birth	John Okey was born in 1606 as the sixth child to William Okey and his wife, Margaret Whetherly, of St Giles-in-the-Fields in London.	John Okey	London
place of birth	Born in Santos, São Paulo, Cláudio Marques playing professional football with Coritiba Foot Ball Club in 1969.	Cláudio Marques	Santos
place of birth	Apparently, May Myat Noe lied about her age as 18 years old in order to participate in a local contest in Yangon in 2013.	May Myat Noe	Yangon
place of birth	Giorgos Giannias (Greek: Γιώργος Γιαννιάς, d. June 13, 1821 near Koumani) was a Greek revolutionary leader born in Prostovitsa, a village now known as Drosia in Achaia.	Giorgos Giannias	Drosia
place of birth	Lamberto Tacoli (born in Cesena, 1 September 1964) is an Italian entrepreneur.	Lamberto Tacoli	Cesena
place of birth	She was born in 1909 in Berlin as Ruth Levy, later Ruth Landshoff, to engineer Edward Levy and opera singer Else Landshoff.	Ruth Landshoff	Berlin
place of birth	Robert Crannell Minor (1839-1904), American artist, was born in New York City on 30 April 1839.	Robert Crannell Minor	New York City
place of birth	Martin Kostadinov (Bulgarian: Мартин Костадинов; born 13 May 1996 in Varna) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a full-back for Cherno More Varna.	Martin Kostadinov	Varna
place of birth	Fabrice de Nola is an Italian-Belgian artist born in Messina (Sicily) in 1964.	Fabrice de Nola	Messina
place of birth	Everhardus Johannes Potgieter (June 17, 1808 -- February 3, 1875) was a Dutch prose writer and poet, who was born at Zwolle in Overijssel.	Everhardus Johannes Potgieter	Zwolle
place of birth	Christian Rakovsky was born to a wealthy Bulgarian family in Gradets--near Kotel--at the time still part of Ottoman-ruled Rumelia.	Christian Rakovsky	Kotel
place of birth	Rodrigue Tremblay was born in Matane, Quebec, on October 13, 1939, the son of George Tremblay (fils), a contractor, and Germaine St-Louis.	Rodrigue Tremblay	Matane
place of birth	Branislav Vejnović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранислав Вејновић; born 21 November 1988 in Sombor) is a Serbian footballer.	Branislav Vejnović	Sombor
place of birth	Prince Chula Chakrabongse was born on 28 March 1908 in Paruskavan Palace, Bangkok, with the title Mom Chao (His Serene Highness).	Chula Chakrabongse	Bangkok
place of birth	Reid Schmitt (born September 13, 1987) is a former American soccer player who formerly played for the now defunct Phoenix FC in the USL Professional Division.	Reid Schmitt	Phoenix
place of birth	Pascale Ehrenfreund (born 1960 Vienna) is an Austrian astrophysicist.	Pascale Ehrenfreund	Vienna
place of birth	François Ruhlmann (born Brussels 11 January 1868, died 1948) was a French conductor.	François Ruhlmann	Brussels
place of birth	Jim Jonsin was born in Brooklyn, New York City but was raised in South Florida.	Jim Jonsin	Brooklyn
place of birth	Patrick Ferrell (born March 2, 1965 in Birmingham, Alabama) is a former professional American football Offensive Guard in the National Football League.	Patrick Ferrell	Birmingham
place of birth	Ihab Hassan was born in Cairo, Egypt, and emigrated to the United States in 1946.	Ihab Hassan	Cairo
place of birth	Bartolomé Santana (stage name, Bart Santana, Huelva, 1980) is a Spanish actor mainly known by his television roles.	Bart Santana	Huelva
place of birth	Jerry Alfred (born 1955 Mayo) is a Northern Tutchone musician living in Pelly Crossing, Yukon.	Jerry Alfred	Mayo
place of birth	Ursula Dirichs is a German actress born in Recklinghausen in 1935.	Ursula Dirichs	Recklinghausen
place of birth	Chigozie Christopher (born 20 April 1992 in Bauchi, Bauchi State) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Bayelsa United of Yenagoa, Bayelsa State.	Chigozie Christopher	Bauchi
place of birth	Gary Victor (born 9 July 1958 in Port-au-Prince), is a Haitian writer, playwright, and scriptwriter for television and radio.	Gary Victor	Port-au-Prince
place of birth	Eirik Verås Larsen (born 26 March 1976 in Flekkefjord) is a Norwegian sprint kayaker who has competed internationally since the early 1990s.	Eirik Verås Larsen	Flekkefjord
place of birth	Samuel Jaskilka was born on December 15, 1919, in Ansonia, Connecticut, in a family of Ukrainian-Americans.	Samuel Jaskilka	Ansonia
place of birth	Friar Julian (Hungarian: Julianus barát) was one of a group of Hungarian Dominican friars who, in 1235, left Hungary in order to find those Magyars who -- according to the chronicles -- remained in the eastern homeland.	Friar Julian	Hungary
place of birth	Ing. Aleš Brichta (born 9 August 1959 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech heavy metal singer.	Aleš Brichta	Prague
place of birth	Vishnu Ganesh Pingle was born in 1888 to a Marathi Brahmin family Talegaon Dhamdhere, near Pune District.	Vishnu Ganesh Pingle	Pune
place of birth	Rafael Cadenas (born 8 April 1930 Barquisimeto, Lara) is a Venezuelan poet, and essayist.	Rafael Cadenas	Barquisimeto
place of birth	Bojan Zulfikarpašić (Бојан Зулфикарпашић, also known by the stage name Bojan Z.) was born February 2, 1968 in Belgrade) is a Serbian jazz pianist.	Bojan Zulfikarpašić	Belgrade
place of birth	Simon de Waal (born in Amsterdam in 1961) is a Dutch writer.	Simon de Waal	Amsterdam
place of birth	Derek Parfit was born in Chengdu, China, to Norman and Jessie Parfit (née Browne), both medical doctors who had moved to Western China to teach preventive medicine in missionary hospitals.	Derek Parfit	China
place of birth	Joachim Gauck was born into a family of sailors in Rostock, the son of Olga (née Warremann; born 1910) and Joachim Gauck, Sr. (born 1907).	Joachim Gauck	Rostock
place of birth	Gormflaith ingen Murchada was born in Naas, County Kildare, Ireland, around 960.	Gormflaith ingen Murchada	Naas
place of birth	Mikhail Rosheuvel (born August 10, 1990 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a winger for SC Cambuur in the Eredivisie.	Mikhail Rosheuvel	Amsterdam
place of birth	Mike Ayala (born January 19, 1958 in San Antonio, Texas) is a retired Mexican American professional boxer in the Featherweight division.	Mike Ayala	San Antonio
place of birth	Peer Augustinski (25 June 1940 -- 3 October 2014) was a German actor and voice actor from Berlin.	Peer Augustinski	Berlin
place of birth	Frank Farina OAM (born 5 September 1964 in Darwin, Northern Territory) is a former Australian football (soccer) player and current technical director of the Fiji U-20s.	Frank Farina	Darwin
place of birth	Kahlen Rondot (born December 19, 1983, in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma) is a former model who is best known as the runner-up on Cycle 4 of America's Next Top Model.	Kahlen Rondot	Broken Arrow
place of birth	Jill Gascoine (born 11 April 1937, Lambeth, London) is a British actress and novelist.	Jill Gascoine	Lambeth
place of birth	Born on January 12, 1956, in Gzhatsk, now renamed Gagarin, Nikolai Noskov comes from a ``simple working'' family, to invoke an old Soviet cliché.	Nikolai Noskov	Gagarin
place of birth	William Louis Marshall was born June 11, 1846, in Washington, Kentucky, a scion of the family of Chief Justice John Marshall.	William Louis Marshall	Washington, Kentucky
place of birth	Claudio Coralli (born 1 March 1983 in Borgo San Lorenzo) is an Italian football (soccer) striker.	Claudio Coralli	Borgo San Lorenzo
place of birth	Antonio Arrúe Zarauz was born in the Elizmendi quarter of Asteasu, a small town near Tolosa in the Gipuzkoa province, in the region then known as Vascongadas.	Antonio Arrúe Zarauz	Asteasu
place of birth	Maurizio Bianchi (4 December 1955 in Pomponesco in the Province of Mantua) is an Italian pioneer of Industrial music, originating from Milan.	Maurizio Bianchi	Pomponesco
place of birth	Serge Hélan (born 24 February 1964 in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe) is a retired French triple jumper, best known for his bronze medal at the 1995 World Indoor Championships.	Serge Hélan	Pointe-à-Pitre
place of birth	Carlo Ubaldo Rossi (Munich, 17 August 1958 - Moncalieri, 11 March 2015) was an Italian composer and music producer.	Carlo Ubaldo Rossi	Munich
place of birth	Christopher Miner Spencer (June 20, 1833 -- January 14, 1922) was an American inventor, from Manchester, Connecticut, who invented the Spencer repeating rifle, one of the earliest models of lever-action rifle, a steam powered ``horseless carriage'', and several other inventions.	Christopher Miner Spencer	Manchester
place of birth	LaMark Carter (born August 23, 1970 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is an American former triple jumper.	LaMark Carter	Shreveport
place of birth	Dr. Wang Wenyi (Chinese: 王文怡; pinyin: Wáng Wényí; born 26 October 1958 in Changchun, Jilin, China) is a pathologist who once worked as a journalist for The Epoch Times.	Wang Wenyi	Changchun
place of birth	Kelly Bell (born 21 February 1982 in Aldershot) is an English former glamour model.	Kelly Bell	Aldershot
place of birth	Nobuo Kubota (born 1932 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian multi-media artist.	Nobuo Kubota	Vancouver
place of birth	Mirja Boes (born 3 September 1971 in Viersen), also known under her stage name Möhre, is a German comedian, actress, and singer.	Mirja Boes	Viersen
place of birth	Augusto Oliveira da Silva (born 3 August 1983 in Joaquim Nabuco), or simply Augusto Recife, is a Brazilian football midfielder who currently plays for Paysandu Sport Club.	Augusto Recife	Joaquim Nabuco
place of birth	Ray Chatham (20 July 1924 -- 1999) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Notts County and Wolverhampton Wanderers.	Ray Chatham	Wolverhampton
place of birth	Wilbur Underhill, Jr. was born Joplin, Missouri on March 16, 1901,one of seven children.	Wilbur Underhill, Jr.	Joplin
place of birth	Maria Borges (born 28 October 1992, Luanda) is an Angolan fashion model.	Maria Borges	Luanda
place of birth	Andrea Černá is a Czech theatrical and television actress, born 13 February 1977 in Karlovy Vary.	Andrea Černá	Karlovy Vary
place of birth	Ángel Martín Gómez (Barcelona, October 5, 1977) is a Spanish actor, TV presenter, comedian and screenwriter.	Ángel Martín	Barcelona
place of birth	Tone Norum was born in Vardø, Norway, but her family moved to Sweden when she was still a baby.	Tone Norum	Vardø
place of birth	Soraia Chaves (born June 22, 1982 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese actress and model.	Soraia Chaves	Lisbon
place of birth	René Gutman (born in Rouen in 1950) is Chief Rabbi of Strasbourg since year 1987.	René Gutman	Rouen
place of birth	Hédi Bouraoui (born July 16, 1932 in Sfax, Tunisia) is a Tunisian/Canadian poet, novelist and academic, who regularly deals with themes involving the transcendence of cultural boundaries.	Hédi Bouraoui	Sfax
place of birth	Harry Counsell was born in the town of Preston, Lancashire, on 10 April 1909 and attended Great Marsden School in Nelson before beginning his football career.	Harry Counsell	Preston
place of birth	Patrik-Ian Polk (b. July 29, 1973 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, singer, and actor.	Patrik-Ian Polk	Hattiesburg
place of birth	Saint Hubertus was born (probably in Toulouse) about the year 656.	Hubertus	Toulouse
place of birth	María de Lourdes Santiago Negrón is a lawyer and journalist from Adjuntas, Puerto Rico.	María de Lourdes Santiago	Adjuntas, Puerto Rico
place of birth	Ben Lurie was born in London and moved to Australia when he was four.	Ben Lurie	London
place of birth	Claude Corbo (born in 1945 in the City of Montreal) is a political scientist.	Claude Corbo	Montreal
place of birth	Bismarck Barreto Faria, better known as Bismarck (born November 11, 1969 in São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro State) is a former Brazilian football (soccer) player.	Bismarck Barreto Faria	São Gonçalo
place of birth	Ivano Trotta (born on 12 December 1977 in Rome), is an Italian footballer, he plays center midfield and is currently with Ravenna Calcio in Serie C.	Ivano Trotta	Rome
place of birth	Racha Arodaky (French pronunciation: ​(ʁaʃa arɔdaki)) is a Syrian/French pianist born in Damascus.	Racha Arodaky	Damascus
place of birth	Tasneem Roc is an Australian television and film actress born in Sydney.	Tasneem Roc	Sydney
place of birth	Jean-Pierre Rives was born on 31 December 1952 in Saint-Simon, a suburb of Toulouse, in the Haute-Garonne department of southwestern France.	Jean-Pierre Rives	Toulouse
place of birth	Leonid Mikhelson (Russian: Леонид Михельсон; born August 11, 1955 in Kaspiysk) is a Russian businessman, CEO, chairman and major shareholder of the Russian gas company Novatek.	Leonid Mikhelson	Kaspiysk
place of birth	Henk Wisman (born May 19, 1957 in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a Dutch football manager, who was the coach of the Armenia national football team for around a year.	Henk Wisman	Amsterdam
place of birth	Randy Boyagoda's parents immigrated to Canada from Sri Lanka in 1967 and settled in Oshawa, Ontario, where he was born in 1976.	Randy Boyagoda	Oshawa
place of birth	Jan Frans van Son (16 August 1658, Antwerp -- 1704-1711, London) was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Jan Frans van Son	Antwerp
place of birth	Gilbert Desmet (2 February 1931, Roeselare), nicknamed Smetje van Lichtervelde, is a retired Belgian cyclist, professional from 1952 to 1967.	Gilbert Desmet	Roeselare
place of birth	Zheng Junli (December 6, 1911 -- April 23, 1969) was an actor and director born in Shanghai and who rose to prominence in the golden age of Chinese Cinema.	Zheng Junli	Shanghai
place of birth	César Zamora, (born May 27, 1991 in Granada Hills, Los Angeles, California) is an American soccer player.	César Zamora	Granada Hills, Los Angeles
place of birth	Bradley White (born 15 January 1982 in Troy, Ohio) is an American cyclist, father, and businessperson.	Bradley White	Troy
place of birth	Bill Timoney, (born William Regan Timoney on March 5, 1958 in Teaneck, New Jersey) is an American actor.	Bill Timoney	Teaneck
place of birth	Richard Saturnino Owens (born November 18, 1962), known as Rick Owens, is an American fashion designer from Porterville, California.	Rick Owens	Porterville
place of birth	Axelle Mollaret, born 3 September 1992 in Annecy, Haute-Savoie, is a French skyrunner and ski mountaineer who in 2015 won the biennial Trofeo Mezzalama with team mates Emelie Forsberg and Jennifer Fiechter.	Axelle Mollaret	Annecy
place of birth	Ardant du Picq was born at Périgueux in the Dordogne on 19 October 1821.	Ardant du Picq	Périgueux
place of birth	Lettice Knollys was born on 8 November 1543 at Rotherfield Greys, Oxfordshire.	Lettice Knollys	Oxfordshire
place of birth	Gershom Carmichael was a Scottish subject born in London, the son of Alexander Charmichael, a Church of Scotland minister who had been banished by the Scottish privy council for his religious opinions.	Gershom Carmichael	London
place of birth	Henri Betti was born at 1 rue Barillerie in the district of Vieux-Nice in a modest family : his father was a house painter and his mother was a fishmonger.	Henri Betti	Nice
place of birth	William Barbey was born on 14 July 1842 at Genthod in the canton of Geneva.	William Barbey	Genthod
place of birth	Dzmitry Platnitski (Belarusian: Дзьмітры Платніцкі; born 26 August 1988 in Brest) is a Belarusian triple jumper.	Dzmitry Platnitski	Brest
place of birth	Marius Vitruvius Vaccus (d. 330 BC) was a citizen of Fondi, and the leader of the revolt of the Fundani and Privernates against Rome in 330 BC. He was a man of considerable reputation both in his own state and also at Rome, where he had a house on the Palatine Hill.	Vitruvius Vaccus	Fondi
place of birth	Leszek Czarnecki (born 9 May 1962 in Wrocław) is a Polish billionaire.	Leszek Czarnecki	Wrocław
place of birth	Nestoras Mitidis (Greek: Νέστωρας Μυτίδης; born June 1, 1991) is a Cypriot footballer who currently plays for AEK Larnaca as a striker.	Nestoras Mitidis	Larnaca
place of birth	Gretha Boston (born April 18, 1959, Crossett, Arkansas) is an American singer and actress.	Gretha Boston	Crossett
place of birth	José Clemente Orozco was born in 1883 in Zapotlán el Grande (now Ciudad Guzmán), Jalisco to Rosa de Flores Orozco.	José Clemente Orozco	Ciudad Guzmán), Jalisco
place of birth	Vincenza Garelli della Morea née Valeggio (Countess de Cardenas; 1859 - after 1924) was an Italian pianist and composer.	Vincenza Garelli della Morea	Valeggio
place of birth	Tracy Lynn Curry (born June 10, 1968), better known by his stage name The D.O.C., is an American rapper from Dallas, Texas.	The D.O.C.	Dallas
place of birth	Péter Scherer (born 16 November 1961 in Ajka) is a Hungarian stage and film actor.	Péter Scherer	Ajka
place of birth	Amie Dicke (born 1 April 1978, Rotterdam) is an artist based in Amsterdam.	Amie Dicke	Rotterdam
place of birth	Gustav Höcker was born on 28 September 1832 in a suburb of Eilenburg.	Gustav Höcker	Eilenburg
place of birth	Márton Illés (born 12 December 1975 in Budapest), is a Hungarian composer and pianist.	Márton Illés	Budapest
place of birth	Pia Lionetti (born 26 September 1987 in San Giovanni Rotondo), is an Italian archer and a member of the Italian Olympic Team.	Pia Lionetti	San Giovanni Rotondo
place of birth	Alina Somova (Russian: Али́на Алексе́евна Со́мова; born 22 October 1985) is a Russian ballet dancer and principal dancer with the Mariinsky Ballet of Saint Petersburg.	Alina Somova	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Hanson, the grandson of John Hanson and son of Alexander Contee Hanson, Sr., was born in Annapolis, Maryland, and attended local private schools.	Alexander Contee Hanson	Annapolis
place of birth	Angelina Weld Grimké was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1880 to a biracial family.	Angelina Weld Grimké	Boston
place of birth	Tab Benoit (pronounced ben-wah) (born November 17, 1967, Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is an American blues guitarist, musician, and singer.	Tab Benoit	Baton Rouge
place of birth	Kenneth Bernard (born 1930 in Brooklyn) is an American author, poet and playwright.	Kenneth Bernard	Brooklyn
place of birth	Eugène Delaplanche (28 February 1836 -- 10 January 1891) was a French sculptor, born at Belleville (Seine).	Eugène Delaplanche	Belleville
place of birth	Samuel Kicis (1913 -- 1984), was a Brazilian Army general and a veteran of World War II. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, the child of Jewish immigrants from Romania.	Samuel Kicis	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Sreto Ristić (Serbian Cyrillic: Срето Ристић; born 7 February 1976 in Zagreb) is a retired German footballer, currently a trainer.	Sreto Ristić	Zagreb
place of birth	Graziella Moretto (born in Santos, May 15, 1972) is a Brazilian actress.	Graziella Moretto	Santos
place of birth	James Patrick Kelly (born April 11, 1951 in Mineola, New York) is an American science fiction author who began publishing in the 1970s and remains to this day an important figure in the science fiction field.	James Patrick Kelly	Mineola, New York
place of birth	Simon Kldiashvili (Georgian: სიმონ კლდიაშვილი; 2 February 1865 -- 26 May 1920) was a Georgian architect best known for his eclectic projects in Tbilisi, including a college building which, in 1918, became the Tbilisi State University.	Simon Kldiashvili	Tbilisi
place of birth	Aleksandr Maslov (Russian: Александр Владимирович Маслов) (born 25 December 1969 in Makhachkala) is a Russian ex-footballer.	Aleksandr Maslov	Makhachkala
place of birth	Sergio Zanni (born in Ferrara, 1942) is an Italian painter and sculptor.	Sergio Zanni	Ferrara
place of birth	Juan Postigos (born 13 May 1989 in Lima) is a Peruvian judoka who competes in the men's 60 kg category.	Juan Postigos	Lima
place of birth	Søren Kragh-Jacobsen (born 2 March 1947 in Copenhagen) is a Danish film director, musician, and song writer.	Søren Kragh-Jacobsen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Fei Yu was promoted to the senior squad of top tier club Shanghai Shenhua during the 2010 season, however it wasn't until the end of the 2011 season that he made his debut in a 0-0 draw against Nanchang Hengyuan on 29 October 2011.	Fei Yu	Shanghai
place of birth	Jen Hudak (born September 7, 1986 in Hamden, Connecticut) is an American freestyle skier, specializing in the halfpipe and slopestyle events.	Jen Hudak	Hamden
place of birth	Tommaso Caputo (born 17 October 1950 in Afragola) is an Italian Catholic Bishop and Diplomat, the Titular Archbishop of Otriculum.	Tommaso Caputo	Afragola
place of birth	The son of the sports journalist Robert Lipsyte, Sam Lipsyte was born in New York City and raised in Closter, New Jersey.	Sam Lipsyte	New Jersey
place of birth	Bowly, son of Sarah (born Crotch) and Samuel Bowly, miller at Bibury, Gloucestershire, was born in Cirencester on 23 March 1802.	Samuel Bowly	Cirencester
place of birth	Alija Izetbegović was born on 8 August 1925 in the northern Bosnian town of Bosanski Šamac.	Alija Izetbegović	Šamac
place of birth	Sir Johan Makeléer, 2nd Baronet or Johan Macklier (c. 1625 -- c. 1696) was a member of the Maclean clan of Scotland in Sweden and a member of the Göteburg Court of Justice from 1639 to 1696.	Johan Makeléer	Sweden
place of birth	Roy Firestone (born December 8, 1953 in Miami Beach, Florida) is an American sports commentator and journalist.	Roy Firestone	Miami Beach
place of birth	Kaizaad Kotwal (born in Mumbai, India) has worked on over 200 theatre productions and films.	Kaizaad Kotwal	Mumbai
place of birth	Marco Breuer (b. Landshut 1966) is a German photographer known for his radical approach to the medium.	Marco Breuer	Landshut
place of birth	It is believed that he was born in Sarsina, a small town in Emilia Romagna in northern Italy, in around 254 BC. According to Morris Marples, Plautus worked as a stage-carpenter or scene-shifter in his early years.	Plautus	Sarsina
place of birth	Matthieu van Plattenberg was born in Antwerp in 1607 or 1608.	Matthieu van Plattenberg	Antwerp
place of birth	Siegrun Siegl, née Thon (born 29 October 1954 in Apolda, Thuringia) is a retired East German athlete who specialized in the pentathlon and later long jump.	Siegrun Siegl	Apolda
place of birth	Roger Pyttel (born May 8, 1957 in Wolfen) is a former German butterfly swimmer.	Roger Pyttel	Wolfen
place of birth	Benedita Barata da Rocha (Lisbon, 24 February 1949), is a Portuguese immunologist.	Benedita Barata da Rocha	Lisbon
place of birth	Susan Raye (born October 8, 1944, Eugene, Oregon) is an American country music singer.	Susan Raye	Eugene
place of birth	Young Marshall Moody was born on January 23, 1822 in Chesterfield County, Virginia.	Young Marshall Moody	Chesterfield County
place of birth	Roger Avon (23 November 1914 -- 21 December 1998) was a British film and television actor born in Jarrow, County Durham.	Roger Avon	Jarrow
place of birth	Dawud Salahuddin was born David Theodore Belfield in Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina, on November 10, 1950, and grew up in Bay Shore, New York, on Long Island, in a church-going Baptist family of four boys and one girl.	Dawud Salahuddin	Roanoke Rapids
place of birth	Alexandre Rousselet (born January 29, 1977 in Pontarlier, Doubs) is a French cross country skier who has competed since 1998.	Alexandre Rousselet	Pontarlier
place of birth	Eric Ng (Chinese: 黃韻仁, born 1975) is a chart-topping Singapore Mandarin pop music songwriter, music producer and music arranger.	Eric Ng	Singapore
place of birth	Joseph Valachi was born in the East Harlem section of New York City on September 22, 1903.	Joseph Valachi	New York City
place of birth	Laurent Boudouani (born December 29, 1965 in Sallanches, Haute-Savoie) is retired professional boxer.	Laurent Boudouani	Sallanches
place of birth	Pierre Gauthier (born May 28, 1953) is a former General Manager of the Montreal Canadiens, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and Ottawa Senators.	Pierre Gauthier	Montreal
place of birth	Louis Bissinger was a French painter born in Lyon on 24 April 1899.	Louis Bissinger	Lyon
place of birth	Farhad Piroutpour (Persian: فرهاد پیروت پور‎‎, born 21 February 1991 in Mahabad) is an Iranian volleyball player who plays as an opposite hitter for the Iranian national team.	Farhad Piroutpour	Mahabad
place of birth	Helmut Fischer was the son of a businessman and a tailor and grew up in the Munich district of Neuhausen in Donnersbergerstraße 50a, where he also went to school.	Helmut Fischer	Munich
place of birth	Benny Binion was born and raised in Pilot Grove, Texas in Grayson County, north of Dallas.	Benny Binion	Grayson County
place of birth	Uttam Kamble was born (31 May 1956) into poverty in rural area of Chikkodi Taluka in Belagum district of Karnataka.	Uttam Kamble	Karnataka
place of birth	Edward Kelsey (born June 1930 in Petersfield, Hampshire) is a British actor of stage and screen, as well as a voiceover artist.	Edward Kelsey	Petersfield
place of birth	Fan Zhiyi (Chinese: 范志毅; pinyin: Fàn Zhìyì; born 22 January 1970) is a former Chinese footballer who predominantly played for Shanghai Shenhua in the Chinese Jia-A League and Crystal Palace in the First Division.	Fan Zhiyi	Shanghai
place of birth	Diana Weston (born 13 November 1953 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is an English actress who has been on British television since 1975.	Diana Weston	Toronto
place of birth	Baréma Bocoum (1914, Mopti -- 1973) was a Malian politician and diplomat.	Baréma Bocoum	Mopti
place of birth	Carol Baker Tharp was born in Charleston, South Carolina, and later grew up in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Carol Baker Tharp	Charleston
place of birth	Jean-Yves Blondeau (born June 1, 1970, Aix-les-Bains), also known as ``Rollerman'', is a French designer who is best known for inventing the 32-wheel roller suit.	Jean-Yves Blondeau	Aix-les-Bains
place of birth	Théophile Jeusset, (Rennes, 1910 - Nantes, 1968) was a Breton nationalist writer and fascist political activist.	Théophile Jeusset	Rennes
place of birth	Oliver Rothschild, (born April 24, 1951 in London, United Kingdom) is a corporate strategist active in a variety of business arenas.	Oliver Rothschild	London
place of birth	Mahmoud Abbas was born on 26 March 1935 in Safed, in the Galilee region of Mandatory Palestine (now Israel).	Mahmoud Abbas	Safed
place of birth	Martí Vergés Massa, usually known as ``Martín Vergés'', (born 8 March 1934 in Vidreres, Girona, Catalonia) is a former Spanish footballer.	Martí Vergés	Vidreres
place of birth	Ivan Tsachev (Bulgarian: Иван Цачев; born 18 January 1989 in Varna) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a forward for Neftochimic Burgas.	Ivan Tsachev	Varna
place of birth	Larry Teng (born June 12, 1977 in Queens, New York) is an American television director and producer.	Larry Teng	Queens
place of birth	Kelly Nichols (born June 8, 1956 in Covina, California) is a former pornographic actress.	Kelly Nichols	Covina
place of birth	Ersin Demir (born 8 December 1977 in Cologne) is a Turkish football coach and former footballer, who currently is working as assistant manager for FC Ingolstadt 04 II. He last played for FC Ingolstadt 04 II.	Ersin Demir	Cologne
place of birth	Timothy Binkley (born Timothy Glenn Binkley on September 14, 1943 in Baltimore, MD), is an American philosopher, artist, and teacher, known for his radical writings about conceptual art and aesthetics, as well as several essays that help define computer art. He is also known for his interactive art installations.	Timothy Binkley	Baltimore
place of birth	Christian Dalger (born 19 December 1949 in Nîmes, Gard) is a former French footballer who played striker, who earned six international caps for the French national team during the 1970s, scoring two goals.	Christian Dalger	Nîmes
place of birth	Edward Bond was born on 18 July 1934 into a lower-working-class family in Holloway, North London.	Edward Bond	London
place of birth	Ian McPhee (born 31 January 1961 in Perth, Scotland) is a Scottish former professional footballer who spent most of his career with Forfar Athletic.	Ian McPhee	Perth
place of birth	Nemanja Vidaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Нeмaњa Bидaкoвић; born September 29, 1985 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Sime Darby F.C. in the Malaysia Super League.	Nemanja Vidaković	Belgrade
place of birth	Originally from Auckland, New Zealand Andrew Peck began training muaythai at the age of 18.	Andrew Peck	Auckland
place of birth	Dee Sterling (born February 3, 1986 in Kingston, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman who is currently a free agent.	Dee Sterling	Kingston
place of birth	Barbara Tarbuck (born January 15, 1942) is an American actress from Detroit, Michigan, best known for her role as ``Lady Jane Jacks'' in General Hospital.	Barbara Tarbuck	Detroit
place of birth	Harlan Jacobson (born February 15, 1949 in Cincinnati, OH) is an American film critic, literary editor, radio host, film Lecturer and author.	Harlan Jacobson	Cincinnati
place of birth	William S. Gillies (b. 1911, San Francisco -- d. 2000) was an American artist, letterer and type designer working in New York City.	William S. Gillies	San Francisco
place of birth	Alicia Erian was born 1967 in Syracuse, New York to an Egyptian father and American mother of Polish descent.	Alicia Erian	Syracuse
place of birth	Vikram Dhillon (born September 5, 1973 in Toronto, Ontario) is an Indo-Canadian film producer, director, actor and a former VJ.	Vikram Dhillon	Toronto
place of birth	Zygmunt Wiehler (10 February 1890, Kraków, Austria-Hungary --26 December 1977, Warsaw) was a Polish popular and film music composer and director.	Zygmunt Wiehler	Kraków
place of birth	Steven Skinner (born 25 November 1981) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Carlisle United.	Steven Skinner	Carlisle
place of birth	Enore Boscolo (Italian pronunciation: (ˈeːnore ˈboskolo); born July 18, 1929 in Udine) is a retired Italian professional football player.	Enore Boscolo	Udine
place of birth	Ruth Glick née Burtnick, (born April 27, 1942, in Lexington, Kentucky), is a writer of cookbooks, romance and young adult novels.	Ruth Glick	Lexington
place of birth	Jacques Aymar de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet (14 November 1665, château du Bousquet, Montpeyroux, Rouergue -- 8/9 March 1744) was a French Navy admiral.	Jacques Aymar de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet	Montpeyroux
place of birth	Hieronymus Dungersheim or Dungersheym von Ochsenfart(1465, Ochsenfurt -- 1540) was a German Catholic theologian and controversialist (skeptic).	Hieronymus Dungersheim	Ochsenfurt
place of birth	Angelica Gray (born 28 June 1990 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish plus-size model, actress and spokeswoman for the promotion of a healthier and more diverse selection of women within the fashion industry.	Angelica Gray	Glasgow
place of birth	Adam Michnik was born in Warsaw, Poland, to a family of Jewish communists.	Adam Michnik	Warsaw
place of birth	Felix Neff (8 October 1798 -- 1829), Swiss Protestant divine and philanthropist, was born at Geneva.	Felix Neff	Geneva
place of birth	Andrew Lawrence-King (3 September 1959) is a harpist and conductor from Guernsey known for his work in early music.	Andrew Lawrence-King	Guernsey
place of birth	Born in Caracas, Juanpi joined Málaga CF's youth system in 2009, aged 15, from hometown's Caracas FC.	Juanpi	Caracas
place of birth	Blanche Bates (25 August 1873 -- 25 December 1941) was an American actress, born in Portland, Oregon.	Blanche Bates	Portland
place of birth	Linda Wagenmakers (born 30 November 1975, Arnhem) is a Dutch singer and voice actress.	Linda Wagenmakers	Arnhem
place of birth	Tomasz Makowiecki (born on 10 June 1983 in Gdynia) is a Polish musician, singer and songwriter.	Tomasz Makowiecki	Gdynia
place of birth	Charlie Withers ( 6 September 1922 in Edmonton--died 2005) was a professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Boston United and represented the England B team.	Charlie Withers	Edmonton
place of birth	Danae Elon, daughter of Amos Elon and Beth Elon, was born in Jerusalem in 1970.	Danae Elon	Jerusalem
place of birth	Bengt Magnusson (born 26 November 1950 in Ystad) is a Swedish journalist and a TV presenter at TV4.	Bengt Magnusson	Ystad
place of birth	Shaitan Singh Bhati was born on December 1, 1924 at Jodhpur in Rajasthan in a Rajput family.	Shaitan Singh	Jodhpur
place of birth	Abra Moore (born June 8, 1969 in San Diego, California) is a folk-styled rock singer-songwriter.	Abra Moore	San Diego
place of birth	Stewart Elliott (born March 1, 1965, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is an American thoroughbred jockey.	Stewart Elliott	Toronto
place of birth	Davide Fontolan (born 24 February 1966 in Garbagnate Milanese, Province of Milan) is an Italian former football midfielder.He played as a left winger.	Davide Fontolan	Garbagnate Milanese
place of birth	Reint E. Gropp (born 21 December 1966 in Bottrop) is a German economist, the President of the Halle Institute for Economic Research(IWH) as well as professor of economics at Otto-von-Guericke University Magdeburg.	Reint E. Gropp	Bottrop
place of birth	Andriy Serdinov (born November 17, 1982 in Luhansk) is a Ukrainian swimmer, who competed in the 2000 Olympics, 2004 Olympics and the 2008 Olympics.	Andriy Serdinov	Luhansk
place of birth	Frank Couzens (February 28, 1902 -- October 31, 1950) was the son of United States Senator James J. Couzens, and mayor of Detroit, Michigan during the 1930s.	Frank Couzens	Detroit
place of birth	She was born in London on 1 July 1915, the daughter of the painter Winifred Gordon Bell, (née Billinge; full name Winifred Joan Ophelia Gordon Bell) and F Lawrence Bell, and was raised in the St John's Wood area.	Ophelia Gordon Bell	London
place of birth	Iván Sevillano Pérez (Plasencia, 1974), alias Huecco, is a Spanish singer.	Huecco	Plasencia
place of birth	Sofiane Labidi (Arabic: سفيان العبيدي‎, born 29 September 1977 in Béja) is a Tunisian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres.	Sofiane Labidi	Béja
place of birth	Albrecht von Eyb (born in 1420 near Ansbach in Franconia; died in 1475) was one of the earliest German humanists.	Albrecht von Eyb	Ansbach
place of birth	Alex Rivera (born New York City, 1973) is an American film maker, best known for his films about labor, immigration, and politics.	Alex Rivera	New York City
place of birth	Mikey Post was born in Columbus, Ohio, but soon after his birth he and his family moved to Roswell, Georgia, where he lived for most of his life.	Mikey Post	Columbus
place of birth	Christian Klar (born 20 May 1952 in Freiburg im Breisgau) was a leading member of the second generation Red Army Faction (RAF) between the 1970s and 80s.	Christian Klar	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of birth	Born near Chinhoyi, (formerly called Sinoia) in what in 1927 was Southern Rhodesia, Joram Mariga was ethnically Shona and spoke Zezuru, a local dialect.	Joram Mariga	Chinhoyi
place of birth	Ding Ling was born into a gentry family in Linli, Hunan province.	Ding Ling	Hunan
place of birth	Cheung Chun Hei (Chinese: 張晉僖; Jyutping: zoeng1 zeon3 hei1 ; born 3 April 1991 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Sun Pegasus, as a Centre-Back.	Cheung Chun Hei	Hong Kong
place of birth	Evelyn Hoskins (born 13 May 1988 in Yeovil, Somerset) is an English actress best known for her role as Shona Wark in the British BBC1 hospital drama series Casualty.	Evelyn Hoskins	Yeovil
place of birth	Alberto Medina Briseño (born May 29, 1983 in Culiacán) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a winger for Ascenso MX club Alebrijes de Oaxaca on loan from Puebla.	Alberto Medina	Culiacán
place of birth	Richard Oswald, born in Vienna as Richard W. Ornstein, began his career as an actor on the Viennese stage.	Richard Oswald	Vienna
place of birth	Carol Muske-Dukes (born 1945 in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States) is an American poet, novelist, essayist, critic, and professor, and the former poet laureate of California (2008--2011).	Carol Muske-Dukes	Saint Paul
place of birth	Ken Starr was born near Vernon, Texas, and was raised in Centerville.	Ken Starr	Vernon
place of birth	Alejandrina Mireya Luis Hernández, often referred to as Mireya (born February 25, 1967 in Camagüey) is a retired Cuban volleyball player.	Mireya Luis	Camagüey
place of birth	Born in Limassol, Cyprus, Evridiki Theokleous was raised in the island's capital, Nicosia.	Evridiki	Limassol
place of birth	Kazimiera Szczuka (born 22 June 1966 in Warsaw) is a Polish literary historian, literary critic and television personality, known from the Polish edition of The Weakest Link.	Kazimiera Szczuka	Warsaw
place of birth	J. Dale Wainwright (born June 19, 1961, in Mt. Juliet, Tennessee) is a former Associate Justice of the Texas Supreme Court.	Dale Wainwright	Mt. Juliet
place of birth	Aaron Hernandez was born in Bristol, Connecticut, to Dennis Hernandez, who was of Puerto Rican descent, and Terri Valentine-Hernandez, who is of Italian descent.	Aaron Hernandez	Bristol
place of birth	Carmen Electra was born in Sharonville, Ohio to Harry Patrick, a guitarist and entertainer, and his wife Patricia (d. 1998), a singer.	Carmen Electra	Sharonville, Ohio
place of birth	Carolus Magnus Hutschenreuther was born in Lichte (Wallendorf), Thuringia, the 15th child of Johann Heinrich Hutschenreuther, a porcelain painter and owner of the Wallendorf Porcelain Manufactory.	Carolus Magnus Hutschenreuther	Lichte
place of birth	Luis de Carlos (16 March 1907 -- 27 May 1994) was chairman of Real Madrid from 1978 to 1985.	Luis de Carlos	Madrid
place of birth	Thomas Bouhail (born July 3, 1986 in Montfermeil, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French gymnast of Algerian descent.	Thomas Bouhail	Montfermeil
place of birth	Xavier Dorfmann (born 12 May 1973 in Grenoble) is a French competition rower and Olympic champion.	Xavier Dorfman	Grenoble
place of birth	Urs Odermatt (born 28 February 1955 in Stans, canton of Nidwalden) is a Swiss film director and author.	Urs Odermatt	Stans
place of birth	Francisco José Urrutia Olano was born on 12 April 1870 in Popayán, Colombia to Francisco de Paula Urrutia Ordoñez, Minister Plenipotentiary of Colombia in Quito, and Dolores Olano Hurtado.	Francisco José Urrutia Olano	Popayán
place of birth	Mark Yardley (born 14 September 1969 in Livingston, West Lothian) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a striker.	Mark Yardley	Livingston
place of birth	Jonas Žnidaršič (born 30 January 1962 in Novo Mesto) is a Slovenian television personality and journalist.	Jonas Žnidaršič	Novo Mesto
place of birth	Georges-Alain Jones (September 30, 1975, Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat, Alpes-Maritimes) is a French singer.	Georges-Alain Jones	Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat
place of birth	Vladimiro Roca Antúnez (born 21 December 1942, in Havana) is a Cuban dissident and leader of the illegal Cuban Social-Democratic Party.	Vladimiro Roca	Havana
place of birth	Nicolás Fasolino was born in Buenos Aires, and studied at the Conciliar Seminary there before going to Rome to study at the Pontifical Gregorian University.	Nicolás Fasolino	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Lulu Delacre (born December 20, 1957 in Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico) is the author/illustrator of many award winning children's books.	Lulu Delacre	Puerto Rico
place of birth	Marziyya Davudova was born in Astrakhan, Russia, and graduated from the Jamiyyat-i Kheyriyya Islamiyya school.	Marziyya Davudova	Astrakhan
place of birth	Daniel Galera (São Paulo, 1979) is a Brazilian writer, translator and editor.	Daniel Galera	São Paulo
place of birth	Stevan Faddy (Стеван Фeди; born 2 September 1986 in Kotor) is a Montenegrin singer.	Stevan Faddy	Kotor
place of birth	Sion Blythe (January 1781 - 23 August 1835) was a Baptist pastor who assisted in creation of several churches in North Carolina and Alabama, USA in the early days of the Baptist movement.	Sion Blythe	North Carolina
place of birth	Viktor Oliva was a master of drawing, illustration, and painting born in Nové Strašecí, Bohemia, Austria-Hungary 24 April 1861.	Viktor Oliva	Nové Strašecí
place of birth	Jake Kaminski (born August 11, 1988, in Buffalo, New York) is an American archer.	Jake Kaminski	Buffalo
place of birth	Anupam Roy (Bengali: অনুপম রায়; born 29 March 1982) is an Indian lyricist, music composer, singer from Kolkata, West Bengal.	Anupam Roy	Kolkata
place of birth	Sir Arthur George Stephenson (1890--1967), was an Australian architect, born in 1890 at Box Hill, Victoria, Australia.	Arthur George Stephenson	Box Hill, Victoria
place of birth	Timothy Lincoln Beckwith was born on October 14, 1968, in Williamsburg, Virginia, to Mrs. Annemarie Hoffman Beckwith, then married to Robert Todd Lincoln Beckwith.	Timothy Lincoln Beckwith	Williamsburg
place of birth	Vladimír Šmeral (16 October 1903 in Drásov near Tišnov -- 15 March 1982 in Praha) was a Czech actor.	Vladimír Šmeral	Drásov
place of birth	Yvon Pinard, PC (born October 10, 1940 in Drummondville, Quebec) is a judge and former Canadian politician.	Yvon Pinard	Drummondville
place of birth	Jessica Anderson was born Jessica Margaret Queale in Gayndah, Queensland, on 25 September 1916 to Charles James Queale and Alice Queale (née Hibbert).	Jessica Anderson	Gayndah	Queensland
place of birth	Henry Blagrove was born to Colonel Henry John Blagrove, CB of the 13th Hussars and Alice Evelyn Blagrove neé Boothby at Harbledown, Kent in April 1887.	Henry Blagrove	Harbledown
place of birth	Dieter Kosslick (born 30 May 1948 in Pforzheim) is the director of the Berlin International Film Festival (Berlinale).	Dieter Kosslick	Pforzheim
place of birth	Rai Thistlethwayte (born 19 April 1980 in Sydney) is an Australian rock, pop and jazz musician and songwriter.	Rai Thistlethwayte	Sydney
place of birth	Joseph Patrick Moore (born October 1, 1969) is an American musician from Knoxville, Tennessee, currently based in Atlanta.	Joseph Patrick Moore	Knoxville
place of birth	Enver Petrovci (born 28 February 1954 in Prishtina) is a Kosovar Albanian actor, writer and director.	Enver Petrovci	Prishtina
place of birth	Eamon Grennan (born 1941) is an Irish poet born in Dublin.	Eamon Grennan	Dublin
place of birth	Paolo Guinigi (c. 1372 - 1432) was a lord of Lucca from 1400 until 1430.	Paolo Guinigi	Lucca
place of birth	Chen Xiaodong (simplified Chinese: 陈晓东; traditional Chinese: 陳曉東; pinyin: Chén Xiǎodōng; born January 11, 1988 in Shanghai) is a Chinese sabre fencer.	Chen Xiaodong	Shanghai
place of birth	Arnaud Souquet (born 12 February 1992 in Paris) is a French footballer who currently plays for French club Dijon in Ligue 2.	Arnaud Souquet	Paris
place of birth	Harold Dennis Taylor (1862 in Huddersfield -- 26 February 1943) was a British optical designer and inventor, chiefly famous for the invention of the Cooke Triplet, although he was granted about 50 other patents.	Harold Dennis Taylor	Huddersfield
place of birth	John Hemmingham (born 26 February 1963) is an association football supporter and football administrator from Sheffield, England.	John Hemmingham	Sheffield
place of birth	Julian Bicknell was born in Cambridge on 23 February 1945, while his father Wing Commander Nigel Bicknell DSO DFC was in hospital at RAF Wroughton after a serious crash.	Julian Bicknell	Cambridge
place of birth	Raimondo Inconis (born Mars 27, 1959 in San Gavino Monreale, Sardinia) is an Italian contrabassoonist.	Raimondo Inconis	San Gavino Monreale
place of birth	Safia El Emari (Arabic: صفية العمري‎), (born Safia Mustafa Mohamed Omari, January 20, 1949 in El-Mahalla El-Kubra) is an Egyptian actress.	Safia El Emari	El-Mahalla El-Kubra
place of birth	Barbara Crossette (born July 12, 1939 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American journalist and author.	Barbara Crossette	Philadelphia
place of birth	Friedrich Adolph Wislizenus (first name sometimes spelled Frederick) (21 May 1810, Königsee -- 23 September 1889) was German-born American MD, explorer and botanist.	Friedrich Adolph Wislizenus	Königsee
place of birth	Delphine Arnault (4 April 1975 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a French businesswoman, Director and executive Vice President of Louis Vuitton (LVMH Group).	Delphine Arnault	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of birth	Mike Sharples (born December 14, 1952 in Sale) is Professor of Educational Technology at The Open University in the United Kingdom.	Mike Sharples	Sale
place of birth	Alice Dudeney was born to Frederick Whiffin, a master tailor, and his wife Susan Howe in Brighton on 21 October 1864.	Alice Dudeney	Brighton
place of birth	Dessy Tenekedjieva was born in Varna and graduated from the French language school in Varna.	Dessy Tenekedjieva	Varna
place of birth	Abel Cullum (born April 21, 1987 in Tucumcari, New Mexico) is an American professional mixed martial artist and former King of the Cage Flyweight Champion.	Abel Cullum	Tucumcari, New Mexico
place of birth	Fred Kelemen (born 1964, Berlin) is a European film and theater director, cinematographer and writer.	Fred Kelemen	Berlin
place of birth	Moussa Gueye (born 28 February 1985 in Pikine) is a Senegalese footballer who currently plays for Bulgarian A PFG side Montana as a central defender.	Moussa Gueye	Pikine
place of birth	Lee Molyneaux (born 16 January 1983 in Portsmouth, England) is an English footballer who plays in the centre-back defensive position for Havant & Waterlooville in the National League South.	Lee Molyneaux	Portsmouth
place of birth	Brenda Russell (born Brenda Gordon, April 8, 1949, Brooklyn, New York ) is an American singer-songwriter and keyboardist.	Brenda Russell	Brooklyn
place of birth	Tamar-kali is an American rock singer-songwriter based in Brooklyn, New York.	Tamar-kali	Brooklyn
place of birth	Manuel Conde (born Manuel Urbano; October 9, 1915 in Daet, Camarines Norte - August 11, 1985) was a Filipino actor, director and producer.	Manuel Conde	Daet
place of birth	Panos H. Koutras (Greek: Πάνος Κούτρας; born in Athens) is a Greek filmmaker, writer, who made his debut with the feature film The Attack of the Giant Moussaka (1999), a science-fiction parody.	Panos H. Koutras	Athens
place of birth	Jesper Swedberg was born as the son of a bergsman (owner of a farm privileged with mining rights) and his wife, daughter of a pastor, in Falun Municipality.	Jesper Swedberg	Falun
place of birth	Anna Gmeyner was born to liberal Jewish parents in Vienna, where her father Rudolf Gmeyner was a lawyer.	Anna Gmeyner	Vienna
place of birth	Clare Thomas (born 2 April 1989 in Buckinghamshire, England) is a British actress who has appeared in several British films and television series.	Clare Thomas	Buckinghamshire
place of birth	Tarcísio Pereira de Magalhães Filho, usually known as Tarcísio Filho (São Paulo, August 22, 1964) is a Brazilian cinema and soap opera actor.	Tarcísio Filho	São Paulo
place of birth	Mundlapati Ramanadha Rao was an Indian nationalist, social worker and freedom fighter and one of the popular leaders from Andhra Pradesh.	Mundlapati Ramanadha Rao	Andhra Pradesh
place of birth	Alfred Ely Beach (September 1, 1826 -- January 1, 1896) was an American inventor, publisher, and patent lawyer, born in Springfield, Massachusetts.	Alfred Ely Beach	Springfield
place of birth	Stanislav Ježek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈstaɲɪslaf ˈjɛʒɛk); born 21 November 1976 in Prague) is a Czech slalom canoeist who has competed since the mid-1990s.	Stanislav Ježek	Prague
place of birth	Jagadguru Rambhadracharya was born to Pandit Rajdev Mishra and Shachidevi Mishra in a Saryupareen Brahmin family of the Vasishtha Gotra (lineage of the sage Vasishtha) in Shandikhurd village in the Jaunpur district, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Rambhadracharya	Jaunpur district
place of birth	Joey Wright was born in Alton, Illinois and enrolled at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa after high school.	Joey Wright	Alton
place of birth	Aleksandar Stevanović (born 16 February 1992 in Essen) is a German-born Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder, currently for Hansa Rostock.	Aleksandar Stevanović	Essen
place of birth	Donatella Arpaia Stewart (born in Woodmere, New York on September 15, 1971) is an American restaurateur and a television personality who appears on The Food Network.	Donatella Arpaia	Woodmere, New York
place of birth	Alsogaray was born in Esperanza, Santa Fe, in 1913, as the eldest of three children to Julia Elisa Bosch and Álvaro Alsogaray.	Álvaro Alsogaray	Esperanza, Santa Fe
place of birth	Daur Akhvlediani (Russian: Даур Ахвледиани; born October 10, 1964 in Gagra, died 1993) was an Abkhaz professional football player.	Daur Akhvlediani	Gagra
place of birth	Roscelin of Compiègne (c. 1050 -- c. 1125), better known by his Latinized name Roscellinus Compendiensis or Rucelinus, was a French philosopher and theologian, often regarded as the founder of nominalism.	Roscellinus	Compiègne
place of birth	Kerser was born in the vicinity of Campbelltown, New South Wales.	Kerser	Campbelltown, New South Wales
place of birth	Alexey Molchanov (Russian: Алексей Олегович Молчанов, born March 6, 1987 in Volgograd) is a Russian champion freediver, five time world vice-champion, and world record holder in freediving.	Alexey Molchanov	Volgograd
place of birth	Joy Brook (born Joy Beadle, 9 May 1969 in Scarborough, North Riding of Yorkshire) is an English actress who played DC Kerry Holmes in The Bill and Joanne Pearson in Peak Practice.	Joy Brook	Scarborough
place of birth	Marty Roth (born December 15, 1958 in Toronto) is a former Canadian race car driver who last competed in 2008 in the IndyCar Series where he owned his own team, Roth Racing.	Marty Roth	Toronto
place of birth	He became a teacher at the school his grandfather, also Josiah Forster (1693-1763), had founded in Tottenham.	Josiah Forster	Tottenham
place of birth	Cristian Quiñones (born November 3, 1991 in Tumaco) is a Colombian footballer who last played for the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the North American Soccer League.	Cristian Quiñones	Tumaco
place of birth	Vera Kharuzhaya was born into the family of an administrative worker in Babruysk, Russian Empire, before the Revolution of 1905.	Vera Kharuzhaya	Babruysk
place of birth	John Karkazis, better known as Johnny K, (born in Chicago, Illinois) is a producer/engineer/mixer/musician and songwriter.	Johnny K	Chicago
place of birth	Mayer was the ninth child of Johann Ernst Mayer (1754 -- 1812), a stocking manufacturer, who had become master of the household and garden supervisor at the Ludwigsburg castle of Duke (later King) Friedrich I of Württemberg.	Ernst Mayer	Ludwigsburg
place of birth	Sharon Van Etten (born February 26, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter from New Jersey.	Sharon Van Etten	New Jersey
place of birth	Hugo Ironside was born in Thrapston, Northamptonshire, and educated at St Edward's School, Oxford.	Hugo Ironside	Thrapston
place of birth	Burt Alvord was born to Charles Alvord and his wife on September 11, 1867 in Plumas County, California.His father, Charles, originally worked as a mechanic for mining companies and eventually came to hold the public offices such as constable and justice of the peace in several of the places that the family lived.	Burt Alvord	Plumas County
place of birth	Andrés Jaque (born 1971 in Madrid) is an architect.	Andrés Jaque	Madrid
place of birth	Francesco Albertini (born in Florence in 1469 - died post 30 August 1510 ) was a canon of the Basilica of San Lorenzo in Florence and a chaplain of Cardinal Fazio Santoro in Rome.	Francesco Albertini	Florence
place of birth	Henry Martin Tupper was born on April 11, 1831 to Earl and Permellia Norris Tupper and raised on a farm in Monson, Massachusetts.	Henry Martin Tupper	Monson
place of birth	Harvey Cenaiko (born July 15, 1956 in Wakaw, Saskatchewan) of Ukrainian heritage is a former police officer and one-time Solicitor General and Minister of Public Safety for the Province of Alberta.	Harvey Cenaiko	Wakaw
place of birth	John William Fletcher (September 12, 1729 -- August 14, 1785), English divine, was born at Nyon in Switzerland, his original name being de la Fléchère.	John William Fletcher	Nyon
place of birth	Bingyi (Chinese: 黄冰逸), born in 1975 in Beijing, is an emerging Chinese artist, curator, scholar, architectural designer, cultural critic and activist.	Bingyi	Beijing
place of birth	Vincenzo Pipino (born 22 July 1943), also known as Encio, is an Italian thief from Venice whose exploits earned him the nickname ``the gentleman thief''.	Vincenzo Pipino	Venice
place of birth	Keren Shlomo (Hebrew: קרן שלמה‎; born 14 January 1988 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli tennis player.	Keren Shlomo	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Gwyn Griffin was born in Egypt, where his father was in the Colonial Service, and was educated in England.	Gwyn Griffin	Egypt
place of birth	Ri Se-gwang (born January 21, 1985 in the South Hamgyong Province) is a North Korean artistic gymnast, representing the April 25 Sports Club.	Ri Se-gwang	South Hamgyong Province
place of birth	Jay Russell (born January 10, 1960 in North Little Rock, Arkansas), is a film director and executive producer and director of the film My Dog Skip.	Jay Russell	North Little Rock
place of birth	Ibrahim Shiyam (born 3 February 1982) is a Maldivian footballer nick named ``Dhona'' or ``Kuda Thoddoo''.	Ibrahim Shiyam	Thoddoo
place of birth	Born in Shimla on 4 December 1910, Motilal came from a distinguished family from Delhi.	Motilal	Shimla
place of birth	Petar Darvingov was born in Kukush (today Kilkis, Macedonia (Greece)) in 1875.	Petar Darvingov	Kilkis
place of birth	He was born at Akeds Road, Halifax, the only son of James Stansfeld (1792--1872), originally a member of a firm of solicitors, Stansfeld & Craven, and subsequently county-court judge in the district.	James Stansfeld	Halifax
place of birth	James Allodi (born February 26, 1967 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian actor, writer and director.	James Allodi	Toronto
place of birth	Arthur Graham (born 26 October 1952 in Castlemilk, Glasgow) is a former Scottish professional footballer who played for Aberdeen, Leeds United, Manchester United, Bradford City and the Scotland national team.	Arthur Graham	Glasgow
place of birth	Original Antti Sarpila (Antti Sarpila Oy, 1990) Pori Big Band Plays Antti Sarpila (Antti Sarpila Oy, 1991) Happy Jazz Trio:	Antti Sarpila	Pori
place of birth	Carlo Siliotto was born in Rome in 1950 He accomplished his studies on composition at the Conservatory of Frosinone, under the guidance of Maestro Daniele Paris.	Carlo Siliotto	Rome
place of birth	Emil Huschke (December 14, 1797 -- June 19, 1858) was a German anatomist and embryologist who was a native of Weimar.	Emil Huschke	Weimar
place of birth	Tobias Regner (born 5 August 1982 in Teisendorf, Bavaria) is a German singer, songwriter and musician who has enjoyed success in the rock music genre.	Tobias Regner	Teisendorf
place of birth	Tanel Kangert (born 11 March 1987 in Vändra) is an Estonian road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI ProTour team Astana.	Tanel Kangert	Vändra
place of birth	Audrey Puente (born March 3, 1970) is a meteorologist for WNYW-TV in New York City.	Audrey Puente	New York City
place of birth	Born in Shipley, near Bradford, West Yorkshire, Simon Ainge is a product of Bradford City's youth system, winning a senior contract in March 2006.	Simon Ainge	Shipley
place of birth	Pavla Poznarová (born 26 September 1986 in Zlín) is a Czech handballer player for Sokol Poruba and the Czech national team.	Pavla Poznarová	Zlín
place of birth	Manjushree Thapa (Nepali: मञ्जुश्री थापा), born in Kathmandu in 1968, is a Nepali essayist, fiction writer, translator and editor.	Manjushree Thapa	Kathmandu
place of birth	Michael Okpara, an Ohuhu-Igbo, was born in December 1920 at Umuahia, in the present day Abia State of Nigeria.	Michael Okpara	Umuahia
place of birth	Mkrtich Mazmanian (Armenian: Մկրտիչ Մկրտչի Մազմանյան; born July 27, 1944 in Gyumri) is a well known Armenian figurative sculptor based in Beyrut, Lebanon.	Mkrtich Mazmanian	Gyumri
place of birth	Deivis Barone Farías (born 28 August 1979 in Canelones) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for San Martín San Juan of the Primera B Nacional in Argentina.	Deivis Barone	Canelones
place of birth	Joana Ortega i Alemany (born 13 November 1959 in Barcelona) was the vice president of the government of the Generalitat de Catalunya and Minister of Government and Institutional Relations from 2010 until 2015.	Joana Ortega	Barcelona
place of birth	Richie McDonald was born on February 6, 1962 in Lubbock, Texas He founded the band Lonestar in 1992.	Richie McDonald	Lubbock
place of birth	Brigitte Riebe (born 1953 in Munich) is a German author of crime and feminist fiction.	Brigitte Riebe	Munich
place of birth	Lucbel Carolina Indriago Pinto (born August 22, 1980 in Valencia) is a Venezuelan show hostess and a pageant titleholder.	Carolina Indriago	Valencia
place of birth	Massoud Pedram (Persian: مسعود پدرام‎) (born in Ahvaz) is an Iranian American computer engineer noted for his research in green computing, energy storage systems, low-power electronics and design, electronic design automation and quantum computing.	Massoud Pedram	Ahvaz
place of birth	John Michael Hayden (born April 27, 1984 in Louisville, Kentucky) is a former American soccer player and current coach, of the Lipscomb Bisons Men Soccer Team.	John Michael Hayden	Louisville
place of birth	James To Kun-sun (born 11 March 1963, Hong Kong) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong representing the Kowloon West constituency.	James To	Hong Kong
place of birth	Domenico Casalino (Turin, 11 January 1962) is an Italian manager, chief executive officer of Techno Sky, the ENAV group society for maintenance and development of the air traffic management technologies.	Domenico Casalino	Turin
place of birth	Geoff Edgers (born 1970) is an American journalist and writer whose work includes reporting for the Washington Post and Boston Globe as well as producing and starring in the 2010 music documentary Do It Again.	Geoff Edgers	Boston
place of birth	Laurent Paganelli, (born 22 October 1962, in Aubenas, Ardèche) is a former footballer, currently a journalist (consultant) for Canal +, since 1997.	Laurent Paganelli	Aubenas
place of birth	Wayne Schoenfeld (born September 12, 1948 in Los Angeles, United States) is an American photographer best known for his coverage of global humanitarian projects, as well as his art photography.	Wayne Schoenfeld	Los Angeles
place of birth	Marcin Wachowicz (born February 14, 1981 in Choszczno) is a Polish football striker who last plays for Ruch Radzionków.	Marcin Wachowicz	Choszczno
place of birth	Pieter Vink (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈpitər ˈvɪŋk), born March 13, 1967 in Noordwijkerhout, South Holland,) is a Dutch football referee, who also officiates for FIFA and UEFA.	Pieter Vink	Noordwijkerhout
place of birth	Victoria Francés was born in Valencia on October 25th, 1982, though she spent part of her childhood in Galicia.	Victoria Francés	Valencia
place of birth	Allison Kugel was born in 1974 on Long Island, New York, where she spent her childhood.	Allison Kugel	Long Island
place of birth	Bill Sims, Jr. (born 23 June, 1949, Marion, Marion County, Ohio, United States) is an American blues musician.	Bill Sims	Marion
place of birth	Henri Bouckaert (born May 3, 1870 in Roncq, date of death unknown) was a French competition rower and Olympic champion.	Henri Bouckaert	Roncq
place of birth	Paul Cummings was born in Tempe, Arizona but his family moved to Santa Maria, California when he was 11 years old.	Paul Cummings	Tempe
place of birth	Bertel Storskrubb (1917, Jakobstad -- 1996) was a Finnish hurdler and European champion.	Bertel Storskrubb	Jakobstad
place of birth	Princess Claire of Belgium (born Claire Louise Coombs in Bath, England, on 18 January 1974) is a land surveyor married to Prince Laurent and the only sister-in-law of King Philippe of Belgium.	Princess Claire of Belgium	Bath
place of birth	Wu Yizhen (Chinese: 吴毅瑧; pinyin: Wú Yìzhēn; born 26 May 1994 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Dongya.	Wu Yizhen	Shanghai
place of birth	Britta Unsleber (born 25 December 1966 in Darmstadt) is former German international football player.	Britta Unsleber	Darmstadt
place of birth	Roy Gutman (born March 5, 1944 in New York City) is an American journalist and author.	Roy Gutman	New York City
place of birth	Sadok Sassi (Arabic: الصادق ساسي‎), nicknamed ``Attouga'' (born 15 November 1945 in Tunis) is a former Tunisian footballer.	Sadok Sassi	Tunis
place of birth	James Theodore Bent was the son of James Bent of Baildon House, near Bradford, Yorkshire, where he was born.	James Theodore Bent	Bradford
place of birth	Zoran Belošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Зopaн Бeлoшeвић; born 20. June 1983 in Zaječar) is a Serbian football defender, who plays for Radnik Surdulica.	Zoran Belošević	Zaječar
place of birth	Nikos Portokaloglou (born in Volos on 30 December 1957) is a Greek singer, songwriter and lyricist.	Nikos Portokaloglou	Volos
place of birth	José Maldonado González (1901, Tineo, Asturias -- 1985, Oviedo) was the last president of the Spanish Republican government in Exile.	José Maldonado González	Tineo
place of birth	Joshua Weiner (born 1963 Boston) is an American poet.	Joshua Weiner	Boston
place of birth	Zanobi Acciaioli (25 May 1461 -- 27 July 1519) was an Italian Dominican friar, a member of the Acciaioli family of Florence.	Zanobi Acciaioli	Florence
place of birth	Nadim Sabagh (Arabic: نديم صباغ‎) (born August 4, 1985 in Latakia, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Nadim Sabagh	Latakia
place of birth	William Grigsby McCormick (1851--1941) was an American businessman of the influential McCormick family in Chicago.	William Grigsby McCormick	Chicago
place of birth	Júnior Xuxa (born March 12, 1984 in Garanhuns), is a Brazilian football Midfielder who in January 2014 played for ABC Futebol Clube.	Júnior Xuxa	Garanhuns
place of birth	Ruth Eweler (March 19, 1913 -- October 1, 1947) was a German actress born in Plettenberg.	Ruth Eweler	Plettenberg
place of birth	Giuseppe Andaloro (born 1982 in Palermo) is an Italian pianist.	Giuseppe Andaloro	Palermo
place of birth	Kaizer Motaung Junior (born 8 August 1981 in Johannesburg, Gauteng) was a South African football (soccer) striker for Premier Soccer League club Kaizer Chiefs.	Kaizer Motaung Junior	Johannesburg
place of birth	Star Stowe (born Ellen Louise Stowe; March 19, 1956, Little Rock, Arkansas -- March 16, 1997, Coral Springs, Florida) was an American model.	Star Stowe	Little Rock
place of birth	Yona Wallach (1944 -- 1985, b. Tel Aviv) was raised in the town of Kiryat Ono (of which her father was a founder).	Yona Wallach	Tel Aviv
place of birth	T.J. Lowther (born May 17, 1986 in Salt Lake City, Utah in the United States) is an American actor.	T.J. Lowther	Salt Lake City
place of birth	Barry K. Schwartz (born May 25, 1942 in New York City) is an American businessman, Thoroughbred racehorse owner, and a former horse racing industry executive.	Barry K. Schwartz	New York City
place of birth	Mary Hart was born Mary Johanna Harum in Madison, South Dakota and lived in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, as well as in Denmark, as a child and teenager.	Mary Hart	Madison
place of birth	Thomas Morosini (Italian: Tommaso Morosini; Venice, ca. 1170/1175 -- Thessalonica, June/July 1211) was the first Latin Patriarch of Constantinople, from 1204 to his death in July 1211.	Thomas Morosini	Venice
place of birth	Richard Wagner was born in Leipzig, at No. 3, the Brühl (The House of the Red and White Lions), in the Jewish quarter.	Richard Wagner	Leipzig
place of birth	Thomas Powers (New York City, December 12, 1940) is an American author and intelligence expert.	Thomas Powers	New York City
place of birth	Anahita Nemati (Persian: آناهیتا نعمتی‎‎; born July 11, 1977 in Shahrud) also known as Ana Nemati is an Iranian actress and model.	Anahita Nemati	Shahrud
place of birth	Jens Christian Berg was born in Copenhagen to Niels Jensen Berg (1738-1798) and Marie Margrethe Flor (1744-1817).	Jens Christian Berg	Copenhagen
place of birth	Rachel Félix was born Elisa Félix on February 28, 1821, in Mumpf, Rheinfelden, Aargau.	Rachel Félix	Mumpf
place of birth	Beat Assailant (born Adam Turner, Atlanta, 1977) is an American musical artist known for fusing hip-hop with jazz, funk, and other musical genres, which Celeste Rhoads of Allmusic writes ``push the boundaries of hip-hop''.	Beat Assailant	Atlanta
place of birth	Barbara McMahon (b. July 1 in Virginia, US) is a popular U.S.American writer of over 65 romance novels published by Harlequin Enterprises Ltd since 1984.	Barbara McMahon	Virginia
place of birth	Brittany Mason is an international fashion model, actress, activist and pageant queen from Anderson, Indiana.	Brittany Mason	Anderson
place of birth	Sutiyoso (born 6 December 1944 in Semarang, Central Java) is an Indonesian politician and former general who is the Director of the State Intelligence Agency.	Sutiyoso	Semarang
place of birth	Anthony McCreath is a retired Jamaican association football Midfielder who played professionally in the United States and earned five caps with the Jamaica national football team.	Anthony McCreath	Jamaica
place of birth	Born in Faro, Manuel Balela has only known one shirt throughout his career as a football player; the shirt of the club of his hometown, SC Farense.	Manuel Balela	Faro
place of birth	Renato Miglioli (October 3, 1921 in Caronno Varesino -- 2007) was an Italian professional football player.	Renato Miglioli	Caronno Varesino
place of birth	Suharto was born in a small village, Kemusuk, in the Godean area near the city of Yogyakarta, during the Dutch colonial era.	Suharto	Kemusuk
place of birth	Tony Nardi (born 1958 in Calabria, Italy) is a Canadian actor, playwright, director and producer.	Tony Nardi	Calabria
place of birth	Don Freund (born 1947, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American composer and Professor of Composition at the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music.	Don Freund	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Zuzana Piussi (* 21 October 1971, Bratislava) is a Slovak director and documentary filmmaker, as well as an actress.	Zuzana Piussi	Bratislava
place of birth	Qazi Sa’id Qumi (1639--1691) was an Iranian Shia philosopher and one of the philosophers of Qom's School.	Qazi Sa’id Qumi	Qom
place of birth	Daniel Guzmán Castañeda (born December 31, 1965 in Guadalajara) is a retired Mexican professional football player, and is currently without a job after being discharged from Club Tijuana.	Daniel Guzmán	Guadalajara
place of birth	Tony Jaa was born in Surin province, Isan, Thailand, and was raised in a rural area in Surin.	Tony Jaa	Surin
place of birth	Born into poverty in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Barney Ewell was one of the world's leading sprinters of the 1940s.	Barney Ewell	Harrisburg
place of birth	Luciano Zauri (born 20 January 1978 in Pescina) is a retired Italian footballer who last plays as a defender or midfielder.	Luciano Zauri	Pescina
place of birth	He born at Widmore in Kent on 10 February 1844, was the second son of Ney Elias (died 1891) of Kensington.	Ney Elias	Kent
place of birth	Javier Pastore was born in Córdoba in an Italian-Argentine family originally from Volvera, in the province of Turin.	Javier Pastore	Córdoba
place of birth	Born in Toronto, Harvey Pulford moved to Ottawa at an early age.	Harvey Pulford	Toronto
place of birth	Myrtle Allen (born 1924, Tivoli, Cork, County Cork), called the ``renowned matriarch of Modern Irish cuisine,'' ``the leading light of modern-day Irish cooking,'' and ``as important to her country's cuisine as Alice Waters was to America's.''	Myrtle Allen	Tivoli, Cork
place of birth	Jernej of Loka (Bartholomew) was a 16th-century painter active in the Škofja Loka area, from which his epithet is also derived.	Jernej of Loka	Škofja Loka
place of birth	Increase Sumner was born on November 27, 1746 in Roxbury, Province of Massachusetts Bay, one of eight children of Increase Sumner and Sarah Sharp.	Increase Sumner	Roxbury
place of birth	Martin Kellogg (March 15, 1828 -- August 26, 1903) was born in Vernon, Connecticut, to Allyn Kellogg and Eliza Kellogg née White.	Martin Kellogg	Vernon, Connecticut
place of birth	Napoleon Hill was born in a one-room cabin near the Appalachian town of Pound, in Southwest Virginia.	Napoleon Hill	Virginia
place of birth	Arnold Pinnock (born in Birmingham, England) is a Canadian actor who is perhaps best known for his appearance as Paul Greebie, Casey's guidance counselor, in Life with Derek.	Arnold Pinnock	Birmingham
place of birth	Hugo Marti grew up in Basel, Liestal and Bern.	Hugo Marti	Basel
place of birth	Jeyson Joel Vega Duarte (born 12 July 1983 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan football Midfielder.	Jeyson Joel Vega	Asunción
place of birth	Anna Eleanor Roosevelt Seagraves (née Dall, born March 25, 1927, in New York City), librarian, educator, historian, editor is a granddaughter of Franklin D. Roosevelt.	Eleanor Roosevelt Seagraves	New York City
place of birth	General Levy Pronounced Lee-Vee (born Paul Levy, 28 April 1971, London, England) is an English ragga deejay, regularly employed on studio tracks by drum and bass DJs.	General Levy	London
place of birth	Zanib Naveed is a beauty pageant title holder from Lahore, Pakistan and was crowned Miss Pakistan World on the 24th of August 2012 in Toronto, Canada.	Zanib Naveed	Pakistan
place of birth	Theo Zwanziger was an amateur player for his local VfL Altendiez, playing there until 1975.	Theo Zwanziger	Altendiez
place of birth	Mieczysław Munz (October 31, 1900, Kraków -- August 25, 1976) was a Polish-American pianist.	Mieczysław Munz	Kraków
place of birth	Giacomo Bargone was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born and active in Genoa.	Giacomo Bargone	Genoa
place of birth	Annette Lemieux (born 1957 in Norfolk, Virginia) is an American artist who emerged in the early 1980s generation of ``picture theory'' artists (David Salle, Jack Goldstein, Cindy Sherman, Barbara Kruger, Richard Prince).	Annette Lemieux	Norfolk
place of birth	Denis Lapaczinski (born 26 September 1981 in Reutlingen) is a German former football player and current manager.	Denis Lapaczinski	Reutlingen
place of birth	Price was born Edward Reynolds Price in Macon, North Carolina on February 1, 1933, the first of two sons of Will and Elizabeth Price.	Reynolds Price	Macon, North Carolina
place of birth	Giovanna Sestini was baptised 7 April 1749 in the Pieve di San Martino a Gangalandi in the small town of Lastra a Signa, near Florence.	Giovanna Sestini	Florence
place of birth	Charles Anderson Read (born 1841, Sligo, Ireland; d.1878, Surrey, England) was an Irish journalist, novelist and anthologist.	Charles Anderson Read	Sligo
place of birth	Martha Grimes was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to William Dermit Grimes, Pittsburgh's city solicitor, and June Dunnington, who owned the Mountain Lake Hotel in Western Maryland where Martha and her brother spent much of their childhood.	Martha Grimes	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Martial Solal (born August 23, 1927, Algiers, French Algeria) is a French jazz pianist and composer, who is probably most widely known for the music he wrote for Jean-Luc Godard's debut feature film À bout de souffle (1960).	Martial Solal	Algiers
place of birth	Arvell Shaw (September 15, 1923, St. Louis, Missouri -- December 5, 2002, Roosevelt, New York) was an American jazz double-bassist, best known for his work with Louis Armstrong.	Arvell Shaw	St. Louis
place of birth	Dominik Castell (born 20 July 1965 in Vienna) is an Austrian film and theater actor and director.	Dominik Castell	Vienna
place of birth	Mariano Grondona (b. 19 October 1932 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine lawyer, sociologist, political scientist, essayist and commentator.	Mariano Grondona	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Stanislav Loban (Ukrainian: Станіслав Лобан; born 15 February 1977 in Odessa) is a retired Ukrainian footballer who played as a forward.	Stanislav Loban	Odessa
place of birth	Anita Álvarez de Williams (born in Calexico, California in 1931) is an American anthropologist, photographer and historian.	Anita Álvarez de Williams	Calexico
place of birth	Eddie Harvey was born in Blackpool, England, but grew up in Sidcup, where he attended Chislehurst and Sidcup Grammar School.	Eddie Harvey	Blackpool
place of birth	Hein ter Poorten was born on 21 November 1887 in Buitenzorg (now Bogor) on Java, which was at the time part of the Dutch East Indies.	Hein ter Poorten	Bogor
place of birth	Erica Johansson (born February 5, 1974 in Mölndal) is a former Swedish athlete who specialized in long jump.	Erica Johansson	Mölndal
place of birth	Jolene Blalock was born and raised in San Diego, California, with three siblings.	Jolene Blalock	San Diego
place of birth	Dejan Blaževski (Macedonian: Дејан Блажевски) (born 6 December 1985 in Skopje) is a Macedonian footballer, who plays as a left winger for Vardar.	Dejan Blaževski	Skopje
place of birth	Mary GrandPré was born in South Dakota, but spent most of her life in neighboring Minnesota.	Mary GrandPré	South Dakota
place of birth	Simon Gosejohann (born 9 January 1976 in Gütersloh) is a German comedian, TV presenter and actor.	Simon Gosejohann	Gütersloh
place of birth	Richard Liebreich (June 30, 1830 - January 19, 1917) was a German ophthalmologist and physiologist who was a native of Königsberg.	Richard Liebreich	Königsberg
place of birth	Heinrich August Jäschke (Herrnhut 17 May 1817 -- 24 September 1883) was a German Tibetologist missionary and Bible translator.	Heinrich August Jäschke	Herrnhut
place of birth	Murat Yakin (Turkish: Murat Yakın; born 15 September 1974 in Basel) is a Swiss-Turkish football coach and former Swiss national player.	Murat Yakin	Basel
place of birth	Robert Assaraf (Arabic: روبرت الصراف‎) (born in Rabat, 1936 - ) is a Moroccan Jewish historian and writer, and former prominent figure in the Moroccan industrial world.	Robert Assaraf	Rabat
place of birth	Rijat Shala (Serbo-Croat: Rijat Šala) (born 26 July 1983 in Prizren, Yugoslavia) is a Swiss footballer of Kosovar Albanian descent who currently plays for KF Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga.	Rijat Shala	Prizren
place of birth	Ferry Carondelet was born in Mechelen, Flanders, to a rich, bourgeois and influential family originally from Dole.	Ferry Carondelet	Mechelen
place of birth	Eduardo Fabini (Solís de Mataojo, 18 May 1882 - 17 May 1950) was a Uruguayan composer and musician.	Eduardo Fabini	Solís de Mataojo
place of birth	Marianne Rosenberg (b. March 10, 1955 Berlin) is a German Schlager music singer and songwriter.	Marianne Rosenberg	Berlin
place of birth	Huffington was born in Dallas, Texas to Celeste Phyllis (Gough) and Roy Michael Huffington, the founder of the natural gas exploration company, Roy M. Huffington, Inc. (HUFFCO).	Michael Huffington	Dallas
place of birth	Blessed Jakob Gapp (26 July 1897 in Wattens -- 13 August 1943) was a Marianist priest who fled the Nazis, He was later abducted by Gestapo agents pretending to be Jews fleeing Nazism and desiring to convert.	Jakob Gapp	Wattens
place of birth	Gianna Rolandi was born in New York City, and grew up in Spartanburg, South Carolina.	Gianna Rolandi	New York City
place of birth	João Donato de Oliveira Neto was born in Rio Branco, the capital of the state of Acre, Brazil, on August 17, 1934.	João Donato	Rio Branco
place of birth	Pavle Abramidze was born into a peasant family in the western Georgian village of Vani, Kutaisi Governorate, then part of the Russian Empire.	Pavle Abramidze	Kutaisi Governorate
place of birth	Łukasz Gikiewicz (born October 26, 1987 in Olsztyn) is a Polish footballer who plays as striker for Al-Wehda in Saudi Arabia.	Łukasz Gikiewicz	Olsztyn
place of birth	İrem Ayan (born November 7, 1987 in Kadikoy, Istanbul) is a Turkish ice hockey player and a member of the newly established Turkish national women's ice hockey team playing center / winger.	İrem Ayan	Istanbul
place of birth	Charles Marley Anderson was born in Mifflinburg, Pennsylvania in 1845, and moved with his parents to Darke County, Ohio in 1855.	Charles Marley Anderson	Mifflinburg
place of birth	Kathryn Apanowicz (born 3 June 1960, Horsforth, West Riding of Yorkshire) is a British actress best known for her 1980s television appearances in the BBC soap operas, Angels, where she played Nurse Rose Butchins, and EastEnders, where she played the caterer Magda Czajkowski.	Kathryn Apanowicz	Horsforth
place of birth	Valérie Bemeriki (born 1955 in Rutshuru, Democratic Republic of Congo) was a presenter on the Rwandan radio station Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines (RTLM), which played a significant role in promoting the Rwandan Genocide.	Valérie Bemeriki	Rutshuru
place of birth	On July 23, 1918, Hiroshi Shima was born in Kagawa Prefecture.	Hiroshi Shima	Kagawa Prefecture
place of birth	Solomon Zeitlin, שְׁלֹמֹה צײטלין, Шломо Цейтлин Shlomo Cejtlin (Tseitlin, Tseytlin) (28 May 1886 or 31 May 1892, in Chashniki, Vitebsk Governorate (now in Vitebsk Region) -- 28 December 1976, in United States) was a Jewish historian.	Solomon Zeitlin	Chashniki
place of birth	Born in Nainital, Uttarakhand, Nirmal Pandey was educated at Almora and Nainital.	Nirmal Pandey	Nainital
place of birth	Patricia Wells (born 5 November 1946 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is a cookbook author and teacher who divides her time between Paris and Provence.	Patricia Wells	Milwaukee
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste Guimet (20 July 1795 -- 8 April 1871), French industrial chemist, was born at Voiron, Isère.	Jean-Baptiste Guimet	Voiron
place of birth	Lukas Pusch (born 1970) is an Austrian artist based in Vienna and Siberia.	Lukas Pusch	Vienna
place of birth	Arthur Dallidet was born on 12 October 1906 in Nantes, Loire-Inférieure, son of a fitter who had worked for sixteen years at the Chantiers de la Loire shipyard in Nantes.	Arthur Dallidet	Nantes
place of birth	Ben Guillory (born Bennet Guillory on November 7, 1949 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is an American actor and theatre producer and director.	Ben Guillory	Baton Rouge
place of birth	Gleb Uspensky was born in Tula, the son of Ivan Yakovlevich Uspensky, a senior official in the local government Office of State Property, and Nadezhda Glebovna Uspenskaya (née Sokolova).	Gleb Uspensky	Tula
place of birth	Michael Denhoff (born 25 April 1955 in Ahaus) is a German composer and cellist.	Michael Denhoff	Ahaus
place of birth	Dirk Verdoorn, born in 1957 in Dordrecht, is a French peintre de la marine from the Netherlands.	Dirk Verdoorn	Dordrecht
place of birth	Fodé Mansaré (born September 3, 1981 in Conakry) is a Guinean football winger, who is currently unattached.	Fodé Mansaré	Conakry
place of birth	Wilson Moreira was born in the neighborhood of Realengo, in Rio de Janeiro.	Wilson Moreira	Realengo
place of birth	Saint Gualfardo of Verona (or Wolfhard of Augsburg) (1070--1127) was a Swabian artisan, trader, and hermit who lived around Verona.	Gualfardo of Verona	Augsburg
place of birth	Arjun Munda (born 3 May 1968 in Khrangajhar, Jamshedpur) is the Ex-Chief Minister of the Indian State of Jharkhand.	Arjun Munda	Jamshedpur
place of birth	Born in Breslau (Wrocław) in Silesia to a Lutheran merchant, Quirinus Kuhlmann studied at the Magdalena-Gymnasium with the help of a scholarship, as his father had died when Kuhlmann was young.	Quirinus Kuhlmann	Wrocław
place of birth	Kit Armstrong (born March 5, 1992 in Los Angeles) is a classical pianist and composer.	Kit Armstrong	Los Angeles
place of birth	At 16, Danny Fernandes won two consecutive Rising Star awards in the annual CNE dance contest held at Cherrytree Public School located in Brampton, Ontario, near Toronto.	Danny Fernandes	Toronto
place of birth	Günter Neuhold (born November 2, 1947 in Graz) is an Austrian conductor.	Günter Neuhold	Graz
place of birth	Mathieu Adeniyi (born 26 April 1987 Porto-Novo) is a Beninense football player who plays for CPBB Rennes in France.	Mathieu Adeniyi	Porto-Novo
place of birth	David Chotjewitz (born May 14, 1964, in Berlin) is a German writer and theatre director who lives in Hamburg.	David Chotjewitz	Berlin
place of birth	Carlinhos Brown (born Antonio Carlos Santos de Freitas; November 23, 1962) is a Brazilian musician, songwriter and record producer from Salvador, Bahia.	Carlinhos Brown	Salvador
place of birth	Helaina Cyr (born September 5, 1996) is a Canadian Paralympic wheelchair basketball player from Edmonton, Alberta.	Helaina Cyr	Edmonton
place of birth	Isaac Karabtchevsky (born December 27, 1934 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian conductor of Russian-Jewish ancestry.	Isaac Karabtchevsky	São Paulo
place of birth	José Claudinei Georgini (born 15 December 1947) is a Brazilian football manager nicknamed Valinhos who last managed the Zimbabwe national team, a position he held from January to November 2008.	José Claudinei	Valinhos
place of birth	Fred Everiss (born 1882 in West Bromwich) was secretary-manager of the English football club West Bromwich Albion and also served the club as assistant secretary and later as a director.	Fred Everiss	West Bromwich
place of birth	Ingeborg Arvola (born 7 July 1974 in Honningsvåg) is a Norwegian novelist and children's writer.	Ingeborg Arvola	Honningsvåg
place of birth	Johannes Mathesius (June 24, 1504 in Rochlitz -- October 7, 1565), also called Johann Mathesius or John Mathesius, was a German minister and a Lutheran reformer.	Johannes Mathesius	Rochlitz
place of birth	Kostas Kazakos (Greek: Κώστας Καζάκος) (alt. sp. Costas Kazakos) (born May 1935 in Pyrgos, Ilia), (with family origins from the Mani Peninsula) is a Greek actor, director, and politician.	Kostas Kazakos	Pyrgos
place of birth	Zarqa Nawaz (Born 1968 in Liverpool, England) is a British-Canadian freelance writer, journalist, broadcaster, and filmmaker of Pakistani origin.	Zarqa Nawaz	Liverpool
place of birth	Anton Alexandrovich Ivanov (Russian: Анто́н Алекса́ндрович Ивано́в; born 6 July 1965 in Gatchina, Leningrad Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian lawyer, businessman, and official.	Anton Alexandrovich Ivanov	Gatchina
place of birth	Foued Kahlaoui (born May 25, 1986 in Ajaccio) is a French-born Tunisian professional football player.	Foued Kahlaoui	Ajaccio
place of birth	Cecil James McNeely (born April 29, 1927, Watts, Los Angeles, California), known as Big Jay McNeely, is an American rhythm and blues saxophonist.	Big Jay McNeely	Los Angeles
place of birth	Christian Richardt (25 May 1831 in Copenhagen - 18 December 1892) was a Danish writer.	Christian Richardt	Copenhagen
place of birth	Long was born in Seaboard, North Carolina on August 30, 1947 to William Ivey Long, Sr., a Winthrop University professor and stage director, and his wife Mary, who was a high school theatre teacher, actress and playwright.	William Ivey Long	Seaboard, North Carolina
place of birth	Attila Abonyi (born 16 August 1946 in Budapest) is a Hungarian-born Australian football (soccer) manager and former player.	Attila Abonyi	Budapest
place of birth	Stu West (born 24 December 1964, Lincolnshire, England) is the current bassist in the English punk band The Damned.	Stu West	Lincolnshire
place of birth	Stephen van Haestregt (born 12 September 1974 in Westdorpe) is a Dutch drummer, best known as the drummer of the Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation until his departure in 2010.	Stephen van Haestregt	Westdorpe
place of birth	Sosipatra of Ephesus (Greek: Σωσιπάτρα) was a Neoplatonist philosopher and mystic who lived in the first half of the 4th century CE. The story of her life is told in Eunapius' Lives of the Sophists.	Sosipatra	Ephesus
place of birth	Henning Christiansen (May 28, 1932, Copenhagen -- December 10, 2008) was a Danish composer and an active member of the Fluxus-movement.	Henning Christiansen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Ansgar Beckermann (born 29 June 1945 in Hamburg) is a German philosopher who deals primarily with philosophy of mind and epistemology.	Ansgar Beckermann	Hamburg
place of birth	Frederik Paludan-Müller (7 February 1809 -- 27 December 1876) was a Danish poet, the third son of Jens Paludan-Müller and born in Kerteminde, on the island of Funen.	Frederik Paludan-Müller	Kerteminde
place of birth	Graeme Gorham (born June 12, 1987 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian ski jumper who has competing since 2003.	Graeme Gorham	Edmonton
place of birth	Stelios Papathemelis (Greek: Στέλιος Παπαθεμελής) (born January, 1938 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek politician and lawyer.	Stelios Papathemelis	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Frank Philbrick (born May 23, 1978 in Northampton, Massachusetts) is a former professional baseball player turned carpenter and author.	Frank Philbrick	Northampton
place of birth	Djamel Lifa (born 1 March 1969 in Aix en Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône) is a retired boxer from France, who competed in the Lightweight (-- 60 kg) division.	Djamel Lifa	Aix en Provence
place of birth	Stavros Vasilantonopoulos (Greek: Σταύρος Βασιλαντωνόπουλος) (born 28 January 1992 in Aigio, Greece) is a Greek footballer who plays for AEK Athens, as a right back for the next two years.	Stavros Vasilantonopoulos	Aigio
place of birth	Antônio de Castro Mayer was born in Campinas, São Paulo, to Joao Mayer, a Bavarian stonemason, and his wife, Francisca de Castro, a Brazilian peasant.	Antônio de Castro Mayer	Campinas
place of birth	Agatharchus or Agatharch ((Ancient Greek): Ἀγάθαρχος) was a self-taught painter from Samos who lived in the 5th century BC. He is said by Vitruvius to have invented scene-painting, and to have painted a scene (scenam fecit) for a tragedy which Aeschylus exhibited.	Agatharchus	Samos
place of birth	Chris Shipley (born and raised in Scottdale, Pennsylvania, United States) is a writer, analyst, commentator, and strategist, and has tracked the technology industry for more than 25 years.	Chris Shipley	Scottdale
place of birth	Vitaliy Buts (born 24 November 1986 in Mykolaiv) is a Ukrainian road bicycle racer who rides for the UCI Continental Kolss BDC Team.	Vitaliy Buts	Mykolaiv
place of birth	Emilio Ambasz (born 13 June 1943, Resistencia, Chaco) is an Argentine architect and award-winning industrial designer.	Emilio Ambasz	Resistencia
place of birth	Lino Zanussi (Pordenone, February 15, 1920 - San Sebastián, June 18, 1968) was an Italian businessman and appliance manufacturer.	Lino Zanussi	Pordenone
place of birth	Damian Kallabis (born 10 June 1973 in Gliwice, Poland) is a retired German runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Damian Kallabis	Gliwice
place of birth	Gary Valenciano was born in Santa Mesa district of City of Manila on 6 August 1964.	Gary Valenciano	Manila
place of birth	Ravindra Kumar (born 1959) is a political scientist, peace-worker, educationalist and the former Vice-Chancellor of Meerut University.	Ravindra Kumar	Meerut
place of birth	Satya Krishnan is from Hyderabad where she completed her studies.	Satya Krishnan	Hyderabad
place of birth	Erik Hort (born February 16, 1987 in Montebello, New York) is an American soccer player who is currently a Free Agent.	Erik Hort	Montebello, New York
place of birth	Stanko Abadžić (born 1952 in Vukovar) is a Croatian photographer and photojournalist.	Stanko Abadžić	Vukovar
place of birth	Catherine Banner (born 1989) is a British author, born in Cambridge, England and living in County Durham.	Catherine Banner	Cambridge
place of birth	Nathan Blake (born 27 January 1972 in Cardiff) is a Welsh former professional footballer, who played in the Premier League for several clubs and also represented his country at international level.	Nathan Blake	Cardiff
place of birth	Frédéric Xhonneux (born 11 May 1983 in Brussels) is a Belgian track and field athlete who competes in the decathlon.	Frédéric Xhonneux	Brussels
place of birth	Graham Abbey (born Graham Robert Thomson Abbey on March 24, 1971 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian film, television and stage actor, who is best known for his role as Gray Jackson in TV drama The Border.	Graham Abbey	Toronto
place of birth	A graduate in law from Tehran University, Nasrollah Kasraian has been engaged in photography since 1966.	Nasrollah Kasraian	Tehran
place of birth	Jesse Heiman was born in Boston on May 23, 1978, moving to Austin, Texas in 1989 where he attended West Ridge Middle School, Westlake High School, and Texas State University--	Jesse Heiman	Boston
place of birth	Kevin Gnatiko (born June 3, 1986 in Lomé) is a Togolese-born American soccer player who currently plays for Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USSF Second Division.	Kevin Gnatiko	Lomé
place of birth	Manal Braiga better known as Kenza Braiga (born November 13, 1976 in Baghdad, Iraq) is a French television contestant, actress and author of Iraqi origin, she is simply known as Kenza Braiga.	Kenza Braiga	Baghdad
place of birth	Born in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) to British parents, Tony Hoare's father was a colonial civil servant and his mother was the daughter of a tea planter.	Tony Hoare	Colombo
place of death	Waldemar Rosenberger, (Russian: Владимир Карлович Розенбергер, Vladimir Karlovich Rozenberger, 1848--1918) from Saint Petersburg, Russia, became director of the Volapük Academy in 1892.	Waldemar Rosenberger	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Cleo Odzer (Sheila Lynne Odzer, 6 April 1950 -- 26 March 2001) was an American writer, author of books on prostitution in Thailand, the hippie culture of Goa, and cybersex.	Cleo Odzer	Goa
place of death	Gene Sedric (June 17, 1907, St. Louis, Missouri -- April 3, 1963, New York City) was an American jazz clarinetist and tenor saxophonist.	Gene Sedric	New York City
place of death	Wilhelm Müller was born at Dessau, the son of a tailor.	Wilhelm Müller	Dessau
place of death	Hugo Salus (3 August 1866 in Česká Lípa; 4 February 1929 in Prague) was a doctor, writer and poet.	Hugo Salus	Prague
place of death	Carl Wilhelm Wirtz (24 August 1876 in Krefeld -- 18 February 1939 in Hamburg) was an astronomer who spent his time between Germany and the Observatory of Strasbourg.	Carl Wilhelm Wirtz	Hamburg
place of death	Thomas Platter the Younger (c. 24 July 1574, Basel -- 4 December 1628, Basel) was a Swiss-born physician, traveller and diarist, the son of the humanist Thomas Platter the Elder.	Thomas Platter the Younger	Basel
place of death	Antonio Cotogni was born in Rome to Agata Fazzini and Raffaele Cotogni, who managed a small majolica plant.	Antonio Cotogni	Rome
place of death	Olaudah Equiano (c. 1745 -- 31 March 1797), known in his lifetime as Gustavus Vassa (/ˈvæsə/), was a prominent African in London, a freed slave who supported the British movement to end the slave trade.	Olaudah Equiano	London
place of death	Andrea di Cione di Arcangelo (c. 1308 -- August 25, 1368), better known as Orcagna, was an Italian painter, sculptor, and architect active in Florence.	Orcagna	Florence
place of death	Four months after surrendering to U.S. troops under General Crook in May 1877, Crazy Horse was fatally wounded by a military guard, using his bayonet, while allegedly resisting imprisonment at Camp Robinson in present-day Nebraska.	Crazy Horse	Nebraska
place of death	David Bakan (April 23, 1921, New York City -- October 18, 2004, Toronto) was an American psychologist.	David Bakan	Toronto
place of death	Salvador Martínez Cubells (9 November 1845, Valencia - 21 January 1914, Madrid) was a Spanish painter and art restorer, who specialized in history painting and Costumbrismo.	Salvador Martínez Cubells	Madrid
place of death	Giovanni Battista Maganza (c. 1513--August 25, 1586) was a late Renaissance Italian painter and poet, from Vicenza in the area of Calaone, mainly producing religious altarpieces for local churches.	Giovanni Battista Maganza	Vicenza
place of death	Bela Čikoš Sesija (27 January 1864 in Osijek -- 11 February 1931 in Zagreb) was a Croatian Symbolist painter, art teacher and one of the founders of the Academy of Fine Arts in Zagreb.	Bela Čikoš Sesija	Zagreb
place of death	Joseph Platz (11 April 1905, Cologne, Germany -- 30 December 1981, Manchester, Connecticut, USA) was a German-American chess master.	Joseph Platz	Manchester
place of death	Karl Sigurd Andersson (July 18, 1926, Kalix -- February 5, 2009) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the early 1950s.	Sigurd Andersson	Kalix
place of death	Lapu-Lapu (fl. 1521) was a ruler of Mactan in Visayas.	Lapu-Lapu	Mactan
place of death	François-Léon Benouville (Paris 30 March 1821 -- 16 February 1859 Paris) was a French painter.	François-Léon Benouville	Paris
place of death	Sjumandjaja was born in Batavia (modern day Jakarta), Dutch East Indies, and grew up there.	Sjumandjaja	Jakarta
place of death	Kaare Klint was born on 15 December 1888 in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, the son of Peder Vilhelm Jensen-Klint, then a struggling painter about to abandon his artistic career in place of a more secure career in architecture.	Kaare Klint	Copenhagen
place of death	Isaïe Schwartz (15 January 1876, in Traenheim -- 1952, in Paris) was the Great Rabbi of France at the beginning of World War II.	Isaïe Schwartz	Paris
place of death	Antanas Tumėnas (May 13, 1880 in Kurkliečiai, near Rokiškis -- February 8, 1946 in Bachmanning, Austria) was a Lithuanian politician, teacher, professor of law, judge, Prime Minister of Lithuania in the 10th cabinet, Chairman of the Supreme Committee for the Liberation of Lithuania.	Antanas Tumėnas	Bachmanning
place of death	Richard Mowry (February 11, 1748 -- January 24, 1835) became an Uxbridge farmer, in Worcester County, Massachusetts, who 'successfully built and marketed equipment to manufacture woolen, linen or cotton cloth', from around the time of the Revolution.,	Richard Mowry	Uxbridge
place of death	Gabriel Sionita (Syriac: Jibrā'īl aṣ-Ṣahyūnī; 1577, at Ehden in Lebanon -- 1648, in Paris) was a learned Maronite, famous for his role in the publication of the 1645 Parisian polyglot of the Bible.	Gabriel Sionita	Paris
place of death	Jacques Gamelin (October 3, 1738 -- October 12, 1803) was an artist born in Carcassonne, France, the son of a successful merchant.	Jacques Gamelin	Carcassonne
place of death	Brian Leahy died in Wodonga on 24 January 2004 and is buried at the Glenmorous Gardens Lawn Cemetery, Albury.	Brian Leahy	Wodonga
place of death	Kumba Ialá, also spelled Yalá (15 March 1953 -- 4 April 2014), was a Bissau-Guinean politician who was president from 17 February 2000 until he was deposed in a bloodless military coup on 14 September 2003.	Kumba Ialá	Bissau
place of death	Francis Xavier Williams (6 August 1882, Martinez, California -- 16 December 1967, Chula Vista, California) was an American entomologist.	Francis Xavier Williams	Chula Vista
place of death	Herbert Heinicke (14 March 1905, Porto Alegre, Brazil -- 4 April 1988, Hamburg) was a German chess master.	Herbert Heinicke	Hamburg
place of death	Gustaf Lundberg (Stockholm 17 August 1695 - Stockholm 18 March 1786) was a Swedish rococo pastelist and portrait painter, working in Paris and later in Stockholm.	Gustaf Lundberg	Stockholm
place of death	Dušan Pašek (7 September 1960 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia -- 15 March 1998 in Bratislava, Slovakia) was a professional ice hockey forward who played 48 games in the National Hockey League.	Dušan Pašek	Bratislava
place of death	Aulay Macaulay (died 1788) was an 18th-century English tea-dealer, based in Manchester, who invented a system of shorthand which could be used in English and many other languages.	Aulay Macaulay	Manchester
place of death	Gaston Bussière (April 24, 1862, Cuisery -- October 29, 1928 or 1929, Saulieu) was a French Symbolist painter and illustrator.	Gaston Bussière	Saulieu
place of death	František Udržal (Czech pronunciation: (fr̩antiʃɛk udrʒal) listen ) (1 January 1866 in Dolní Roveň, Pardubice District, Kingdom of Bohemia -- 25 April 1938 in Prague) was a Czechoslovakian politician.	František Udržal	Prague
place of death	In December 1854 Edward Boxer was appointed second in command in the Mediterranean, and undertook the duties of superintendent at Balaklava in the Crimean War.	Edward Boxer	Balaklava
place of death	Gerardus Heymans (17 April 1857, Ferwert -- 18 February 1930, Groningen) was a Dutch philosopher, psychologist, a follower of Gustav Fechner's idea of psychic monism, and from 1890 to 1927 a Professor at Groningen University.	Gerardus Heymans	Groningen
place of death	Naci Tınaz (1882 in Serfiçe (Servia) -- November 25, 1964 in Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army.	Naci Tınaz	Istanbul
place of death	Ferdinand Bruckner (born Theodor Tagger; 26 August 1891, Sofia, Bulgaria -- 5 December 1958, Berlin) was an Austrian-German writer and theater manager.	Ferdinand Bruckner	Berlin
place of death	Jerzy Lewi (22 April 1949, Wrocław -- 30 October 1972, Lund) was a Polish chess master.	Jerzy Lewi	Lund
place of death	Lillian Bostwick Phipps and her husband maintained residences in New York City, Saratoga Springs, Florida and at Summerville, South Carolina where she died in 1987.	Lillian Bostwick Phipps	Summerville, South Carolina
place of death	Arlington Nelson Lindenmuth (also A.N. Lindenmuth) (1856--1950) was an American landscape and portrait painter who lived and painted in Allentown, Pennsylvania and the Lehigh Valley region of the United States.	Arlington Nelson Lindenmuth	Allentown
place of death	Christian Friedrich Ecklon (Åbenrå 1795 -- Cape Town 1868) was a Danish botanical collector and apothecary.	Christian Friedrich Ecklon	Cape Town
place of death	Nicolás Rodríguez Carrasco (Chihuahua, 1890 -- Ciudad Juárez, 1940) was a Mexican general and fascist.	Nicolás Rodríguez Carrasco	Ciudad Juárez
place of death	Philippe Mercier (also known as Philip Mercier; 1689 in Berlin -- 18 July 1760 in London) was a French painter and etcher, who lived principally and was active in England.	Philippe Mercier	London
place of death	Jean-Henri Naderman (baptised 20 July 1734 -- 4 February 1799) was one of the leading harp-makers in Paris in the 18th century, and also a music publisher.	Jean-Henri Naderman	Paris
place of death	Baron Johann von Wessenberg-Ampringen (German: Johann Philipp Freiherr von Wessenberg-Ampringen; 28 November 1773 -- 1 August 1858, Freiburg im Breisgau) was an Austrian diplomat statesman.	Baron Johann von Wessenberg-Ampringen	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Petronella Oortman (1656--1716) was a Dutch woman whose elaborate dollhouse is part of the permanent collection of the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.	Petronella Oortman	Amsterdam
place of death	Pope Marcellinus (died 304) was the Bishop of Rome or Pope from 30 June 296 to his death in 304.	Pope Marcellinus	Rome
place of death	Hermann Kober (born 1888 in Beuthen, Germany (now Bytom, Poland), died 4 October 1973 in Birmingham, England) was a German mathematician who introduced Erdélyi--	Hermann Kober	Birmingham
place of death	Piet Vermeylen (8 April 1904 in Uccle -- 30 December 1991 in Brussels, also called Pierre Vermeylen by some Belgian French sources), was a Belgian lawyer, and Belgian Socialist politician and minister.	Piet Vermeylen	Brussels
place of death	Stanisław Jaśkiewicz (12 January 1907, Liepāja, Russian Empire - 21 December 1980, Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish actor.	Stanisław Jaśkiewicz	Warsaw
place of death	Then Seiran Khatlamadjian moved to Yerevan, Armenia and enrolled in 1959 in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theater Institute, graduated from it in 1964.	Seiran Khatlamadjian	Yerevan
place of death	Edward Danforth Hale (February 1, 1859 Aquebogue, New York -- November 6, 1945 Colorado Springs, Colorado) was a music school pedagogue in piano, music harmony, and composition and a collegiate music school dean.	Edward Danforth Hale	Colorado Springs
place of death	Balan K. Nair (4 April 1933 in Chemancheri, Kozhikode -- 26 August 2000 in Thiruvananthapuram) was a Malayalam film actor.	Balan K. Nair	Thiruvananthapuram
place of death	Christian Beyer (born 1482 in Kleinlangheim; died October 21, 1535 Weimar), a Saxon Chancellor and international lawyer.	Christian Beyer	Weimar
place of death	Massimo Stanzione (also called Stanzioni; ca. 1586 -- ca. 1656) was an Italian Baroque painter, mainly active in Naples.	Massimo Stanzione	Naples
place of death	Costantino Bresciani Turroni (26 February 1882, Verona, Italy -- 1963, Milan, Italy) was an Italian economist and statistician.	Costantino Bresciani Turroni	Milan
place of death	Mehi was a direct disciple of Baba Devi Sahab of Muradabad, Uttar Pradesh, India who had special blessings of Sant Tulsi Sahab of Hathras, Uttar Pradesh, India	Mehi	India
place of death	Carl von Häberlin (16 December 1832, Oberesslingen - 13 April 1911, Stuttgart) was a German painter and illustrator.	Carl von Häberlin	Stuttgart
place of death	Johan Adam Pollich or Johann (1 January 1741, Kaiserslautern - 24 February 1780) was a German doctor, botanist and entomologist.	Johan Adam Pollich	Kaiserslautern
place of death	Mirit Cohen (1945, Russia - May 3, 1990, New York City, USA) was a Russian-born Israeli artist.	Mirit Cohen	New York City
place of death	Olivier-Napoléon Drouin (1862--1934) was a Canadian politician, the mayor of Quebec City from 1910 to 1916.	Olivier-Napoléon Drouin	Quebec City
place of death	Andrea Adolfati (1721 or 1722, Venice -- 28 October 1760, Padua) was an Italian composer who is particularly remembered for his output of opera serias.	Andrea Adolfati	Padua
place of death	Andrija Ljudevit Adamić (Andrea Lodovico Adamich) (1766--1828) was a Croatian trader from Rijeka, builder, supporter of economical and cultural development.	Andrija Ljudevit Adamić	Rijeka
place of death	Henriette Hertz (6 January 1846, Cologne - 9 April 1913, Rome) was a German-born philanthropist and art collector.	Henriette Hertz	Rome
place of death	Pieter Louis Le Roux or PL Le Roux (1865-1943) was a South African missionary, who was a leading figure in the Zion Church movement in South Africa and the Apostolic Faith Mission of South Africa.	Pieter Louis Le Roux	South Africa
place of death	Joost van Vollenhoven (21 July 1877, Rotterdam -- 20 July 1918, Parcy-et-Tigny, Aisne) was a Dutch-born French soldier and colonial administrator.	Joost van Vollenhoven	Parcy-et-Tigny
place of death	Ferrante de Gemmis was born in Terlizzi, near Bari.	Ferrante de Gemmis	Terlizzi
place of death	Pedro Vicente Maldonado y Flores, (Riobamba, Royal Audience of Quito (today's Ecuador) November 24, 1704 -- London, England, November 17, 1748) was a South-American scientist who collaborated with the members of the French Geodesic Mission.	Pedro Vicente Maldonado	London
place of death	Henny Knoet (born 3 May 1942 in Bergen op Zoom - Sprang-Capelle, 26 August 2013) was a Dutch designer.	Henny Knoet	Sprang-Capelle
place of death	Juraj Ratkaj (also known as Juraj Rattkay, born in Veliki Tabor, Croatia on December 22, 1612 -- Zagreb, Croatia, on September 1, 1666) was a Croatian historian.	Juraj Ratkaj	Zagreb
place of death	Justus van Huysum, also spelled Huijsum, (July 8, 1659 in Amsterdam -- April 23, 1716 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Justus van Huysum	Amsterdam
place of death	Pierre Bouguer (French: (buˈge)) (16 February 1698, Croisic -- 15 August 1758, Paris) was a French mathematician, geophysicist, geodesist, and astronomer.	Pierre Bouguer	Paris
place of death	Giuseppe Marc'Antonio Baretti (24 April 1719, Turin, Piedmont -- 5 May 1789, London) was an Italian literary critic, poet, writer, translator, linguist and author of two influential language-translation dictionaries.	Giuseppe Marc'Antonio Baretti	London
place of death	John Knowles Herr (born October 1, 1878 in the Whitehouse section of Readington Township, New Jersey -- died March 12, 1955 in Washington, D.C.) was a career American soldier.	John Knowles Herr	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Friedrich Martin Berwerth (16 November 1850, Schäßburg -- 22 September 1918, Vienna) was an Austrian mineralogist and petrographer known for his work with meteorites.	Friedrich Martin Berwerth	Vienna
place of death	Frank Montgomery (14 June 1870, Petrolia, Pennsylvania - 18 July 1944, Hollywood, California) was an early American silent film director and actor.	Frank Montgomery	Hollywood
place of death	Klaus Kreuzeder (4 April 1950 in Forchheim, Germany -- 3 November 2014 in Munich, Germany) was a German saxophonist.	Klaus Kreuzeder	Munich
place of death	Azzone Visconti (7 December 1302 -- 16 August 1339) was lord of Milan from 1329 until his death.	Azzone Visconti	Milan
place of death	Abbas Sahhat (Azerbaijani: Abbas Səhhət), born Abbasgulu Aliabbas oglu Mehdizadeh (1874, Shamakhi -- 11 July 1918, Ganja), was an Azerbaijani poet and dramatist.	Abbas Sahhat	Ganja
place of death	Étienne Le Camus (1632, Paris -- Grenoble, 1707) was a French cardinal.	Étienne Le Camus	Grenoble
place of death	Johann Friedrich Rochlitz (12 February 1769, Leipzig -- 16 December 1842, Leipzig) was a German playwright, musicologist and art and music critic.	Johann Friedrich Rochlitz	Leipzig
place of death	Karel Pešek-Káďa (20 September 1895 in Olomouc, Austria-Hungary -- 30 September 1970 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) was a Czechoslovak ice hockey and football player.	Karel Pešek	Prague
place of death	Alphonse Stengelin (born 1852 in Lyon, died 1938) in Satigny, was a French painter.	Alphonse Stengelin	Satigny
place of death	Watson McMillan Hayes (Chinese: 赫士; pinyin: Hèshì, born November 23, 1857 in Mercer County, Pennsylvania - died August 2, 1944 in Weifang, Shandong) was an American Presbyterian missionary and educator in China.	Watson McMillan Hayes	Weifang
place of death	Walter Forde (21 April 1896, Lambeth, London, England -- 7 January 1984, Los Angeles, California, U.S.A.) (born Thomas Seymour Woolford) was a British actor, screenwriter and director.	Walter Forde	Los Angeles
place of death	Emanuel Czuber (Prague, 19 January 1851 -- Gnigl, 22 August 1925) was an Austrian mathematician.	Emanuel Czuber	Gnigl
place of death	Ali Sabri (Arabic: على صبرى‎, IPA: (ˈʕæli ˈsˤɑbɾi)) (1920 -- 3 August 1991, Cairo) was an Egyptian politician of Turkish origin.	Ali Sabri	Cairo
place of death	Elio Bartolini (1922, Conegliano, Veneto, Italy, - April 30, 2006, Santa Marizza di Varmo, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Italy) was an Italian writer, screenwriter and poet.	Elio Bartolini	Varmo
place of death	Born in Illinois, Clara Peller lived for most of her early life in Chicago, although she later moved to the suburban North Shore area to be near her daughter.	Clara Peller	Chicago
place of death	Pierre d'Alcantara Charles Marie, Prince d'Arenberg, duc d'Arenberg, (Paris 2 October 1790 -- Brussels 27 Sep 1877) Pierre d'Alcantara Charles, was born on 2 October 1790 as 3rd son of Louis Engelbert, 6th Duke of Arenberg.	Pierre d'Alcantara Charles	Brussels
place of death	František Křižík (July 8, 1847, Plánice, Bohemia -- January 22, 1941, Stádlec; Czech pronunciation: (fraɲcɪʃɛk ˈkr̝̊ɪʒiːk)) was a Czech inventor, electrical engineer, and entrepreneur.	František Křižík	Stádlec
place of death	Over the next several months, Mindarus, with financial support from Pharnabazus, rebuilt his fleet to a size of 80 triremes by the spring of 410 BC. Sailing eastward to Cyzicus, he besieged the city with the assistance of Pharnabazus' army and took it by storm.	Mindarus	Cyzicus
place of death	David Ervine was the youngest of five children born to Walter and Elizabeth Ervine, and raised in a Protestant working-class area of east Belfast between the Albertbridge and Newtownards roads.	David Ervine	Belfast
place of death	Édouard Piaget (3 November 1817, in Les Bayards -- 10 September 1910, in Couvet) was a Swiss entomologist who specialised in lice (Phthiraptera).	Édouard Piaget	Couvet
place of death	Mohammad Ali Mirza Dowlatshah (4 January 1789 -- 22 November 1821, Al-Mada'in, Ottoman Iraq) was a famous Persian Prince of the Qajar Dynasty.	Dowlatshah	Al-Mada'in
place of death	François-Raoul Larche (1860 Saint-André-de-Cubzac - 1912 Paris) was a French Art Nouveau sculptor whose work included several figures of Christ, but who may be better known for his numerous female figures, both nude and draped.	François-Raoul Larche	Paris
place of death	Pieter Verbrugghen I (alternative spellings: Pieter Verbruggen I, Peter van der Brugghen I, Pieter van der Brugghen I, Peter Verbrugghen I, Peeter Verbrugghen I) (1615, Antwerp -- 1686, Antwerp) was a Flemish sculptor from the Baroque.	Pieter Verbrugghen I	Antwerp
place of death	Károly Zsák (30 August 1895 in Budapest -- 2 November 1944 in Budapest) was a Hungarian amateur football (soccer) player.	Károly Zsák	Budapest
place of death	Vladimir Suteev was born in a physician's family in Moscow and took after his father, who was also fond of art. Even as a young man, Suteev's works were periodically published in the magazines Pioner, Murzilka, Druzhnye Rebyata, and Iskorka and in the newspaper Pionerskaya Pravda.	Vladimir Suteev	Moscow
place of death	Harriet Burbank Rogers was born on April 12, 1834, in North Billerica, Massachusetts, one of five daughters of Calvin Rogers.	Harriet Burbank Rogers	North Billerica, Massachusetts
place of death	Adonis A. Kyrou (Greek: Άδωνις Α. Κύρου; 18 October 1923, Athens -- 4 November 1985, Paris) was a Greek filmmaker and writer, whose works often appeared under the name Ado Kyrou.	Adonis A. Kyrou	Paris
place of death	Dominguinhos (Garanhuns 12 February 1941 - São Paulo 23 July 2013) (lit. ``Little Dominic'' - born José Domingos de Morais) was an acclaimed Brazilian composer, accordionist and singer.	Dominguinhos	São Paulo
place of death	Henriette d'Angeville (10 March 1794 in Semur-en-Brionnais -- 13 January 1871 in Lausanne) was the second woman to climb Mont Blanc.	Henriette d'Angeville	Lausanne
place of death	Giuseppe Nuvolo (born Vincenzo Nuvolo, also known as Fra' Nuvolo; 1570--1643) was an Italian architect, an exponent of the Mannerist and early Baroque architecture, active mostly in Naples.	Giuseppe Nuvolo	Naples
place of death	Carolus Magnus Hutschenreuther (9 April 1794 -- 10 November 1845) was a German industrialist and the founder of the C.M. Hutschenreuther Porcelain Factory in Hohenberg an der Eger, Bavaria.	Carolus Magnus Hutschenreuther	Hohenberg an der Eger
place of death	Ludwig von Moos (31 January 1910, Sachseln -- 26 November 1990, Bern) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1959--1971).	Ludwig von Moos	Bern
place of death	Ole Borch (Jutland, 1626 -- 1690) (latinized to Olaus Borrichius or Olaus Borrichus) was a Danish scientist, physician, grammarian, and poet, most famous today for being the teacher at the Vor Frue Skole in Copenhagen of Nicholas Steno.	Ole Borch	Copenhagen
place of death	Heinrich Klee (Münstermaifeld, Rhine province, 20 April 1800 -- Munich, 28 July 1840) was a German theologian and Biblical exegete who argued against liberal and Rationalist currents in Catholic thought.	Heinrich Klee	Munich
place of death	Giacomo Nacchiante (Jacopo Nacchianti, Naclantus) (born 15 October 1502 at Florence; died at Chioggia, 6 May 1569) was an Italian Dominican theologian.	Giacomo Nacchiante	Chioggia
place of death	George Adalbert von Mülverstedt (4 July 1825, Danzig - 29 September 1914, Magdeburg) was a German archivist and historian.	George Adalbert von Mülverstedt	Magdeburg
place of death	Richard Heyne (September 27th, 1882, (Offenbach am Main) - March 18th, 1961, (Offenbach am Main)) was a Hessian DVP politician and former member of the Landtags des Volksstaates Hessen in the Weimar Republic.	Richard Heyne	Offenbach am Main
place of death	Karl Egon Ebert (1801, Prague -- 1882, Smíchov) was a Bohemian German poet, born in Prague.	Karl Egon Ebert	Prague
place of death	Immanuel Winkler (June 3, 1886 in Sarata -- June 18, 1932 in Winnipeg), born Adolf Immanuel Mathaeus Winkler, was a pastor in Hoffnungstal (today Tsebrykove, Ukraine) and author.	Immanuel Winkler	Winnipeg
place of death	Harry Nice was born in Washington D.C., but was raised in Baltimore, Maryland.	Harry Nice	Baltimore
place of death	Andrew Gregg died in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, aged 79, and was buried in Union Cemetery.	Andrew Gregg	Bellefonte
place of death	Freda Betti was born at 52 rue des Ponchettes in the district of Vieux-Nice in a modest family : her father was a house painter and her mother a fishmonger.	Freda Betti	Nice
place of death	Isaac Bernays (/bərˈneɪz/; German: (bɛɐ̯ˈnaɪs); 29 September 1792, Weisenau -- 1 May 1849, Hamburg) was chief rabbi in Hamburg.	Isaac Bernays	Hamburg
place of death	Lawrence Torrentinus, also known as Lorenzo Torrentino, Laurentius Torrentinus, Laurens van den Bleeck (1499--1563) was a Dutch-Italian humanist and famous typographer and printer for Cosimo, Duke of Florence.	Lawrence Torrentinus	Florence
place of death	Giles Farnaby was born about 1563, perhaps in Truro, Cornwall, England or near London.	Giles Farnaby	London
place of death	Joseph de Joannis (born 6 June 1864 in La Meignanne commune, Maine-et-Loire department, Pays de la Loire region - died 27 October 1932 in Paris, France) was a French clergyman and amateur entomologist.	Joseph de Joannis	Paris
place of death	Apcar Baltazar (26 February 1880, Bucharest - 26 September 1909, Bucharest) was a Romanian painter and art critic of Armenian parentage.	Apcar Baltazar	Bucharest
place of death	Kazimierz Talarczyk (2 February 1920, Poznan - 6 May 1972 Kłodzko) was a Polish film and theater actor.	Kazimierz Talarczyk	Kłodzko
place of death	Comfort Tyler (February 22, 1764 - August 5, 1827), one of the original settlers of modern Syracuse, New York, brought his family in the spring of 1788 to what became the hamlet of Onondaga Hollow on the future Seneca Turnpike, south of the city's center today.	Comfort Tyler	Syracuse
place of death	Charles Hueber (born August 21, 1883, Guebwiller, d. August 18, 1943, Strasbourg) was an Alsatian politician.	Charles Hueber	Strasbourg
place of death	David Teniers the Elder (1582 -- 29 July 1649), Flemish painter, was born at Antwerp.	David Teniers the Elder	Antwerp
place of death	Yuri Vizbor was born in Moscow where he lived for most of his life.	Yuri Vizbor	Moscow
place of death	Mathias Goeritz (complete name according to Spanish-speaking manner: Werner Mathias Goeritz Brunner) (April 4, 1915 in Danzig (Gdańsk), Germany (now in Poland)) - August 4, 1990 in Mexico City) was a well-known Mexican painter and sculptor of German origin.	Mathias Goeritz	Mexico City
place of death	François Xavier d'Entrecolles (1664 Lyon--1741 Beijing; Chinese name: 殷弘绪, Yin Hongxu) was a French Jesuit priest, who learned the Chinese technique of manufacturing porcelain through his investigations in China at Jingdezhen with the help of Chinese Catholic converts between 1712 and 1722, during the rule of the Kangxi Emperor.	François Xavier d'Entrecolles	Beijing
place of death	José Manuel Quiroga Sarmiento (1 June 1777 - 25 January 1852) was an Argentine priest who became Bishop of San Juan de Cuyo.	José Manuel Quiroga Sarmiento	San Juan
place of death	Ramón Encinas (born 19 May, 1893 in Pontevedra-died 21 March, 1967 in Madrid) was a Spanish soccer manager.	Ramón Encinas	Madrid
place of death	Aaron ben Elijah (Aharon son of Eliyahu), the Latter, of Nicomedia (אהרון בן אליהו האחרון; born 1328 or 1329 in Nicomedia -- 1369 in Constantinople) is often considered to be the most prominent Karaite theologian.	Aaron ben Elijah	Constantinople
place of death	Battista Dossi (ca. 1490--1548), also known as Battista de Luteri, was an Italian painter who belonged to the Ferrara School of Painting.	Battista Dossi	Ferrara
place of death	Natalie Talmadge was in frail health during her final years and was a resident of the Santa Monica Convalescent Home.	Natalie Talmadge	Santa Monica
place of death	Woldemar Hau (Russian: Владимир Иванович Гау. 16 February 1816, Tallinn - 23 March 1895, Saint Petersburg) was a Baltic German portrait painter who worked in the Biedermeier style.	Woldemar Hau	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Emmanuel Maximilien-Joseph Guidal (31 December 1764 -- 29 October 1812) was a French general known for his role in the Malet Conspiracy which was aimed at toppling Napoleon I, who was away from Paris when the events of it occurred.	Emmanuel Maximilien-Joseph Guidal	Paris
place of death	János Pásztor (1881, Gyoma - 1945, Budapest) was a renowned Hungarian academic sculptor in the first decades of the 20th century.	János Pásztor	Budapest
place of death	Giovanni Garzoni (1419--1506) was an Italian humanist and physician from Bologna, where he was professor of medicine and teacher of rhetoric.	Giovanni Garzoni	Bologna
place of death	William Rickarby Miller (May 20, 1818 Staindrop - July 1893 New York City) was an American painter, of the Hudson River School.	William Rickarby Miller	New York City
place of death	Duchess Marie Gabrielle in Bavaria (German: Marie Gabrielle Mathilde Isabelle Therese Antoinette Sabine Herzogin in Bayern) was born 9 October 1878 in Tegernsee in the Kingdom of Bavaria and died 24 October 1912 in Sorrento in the Kingdom of Italy).	Duchess Marie Gabrielle in Bavaria	Sorrento
place of death	Richard Mudge (* 1718 in Bideford; † April 1763 in Bedworth) was an English clergyman and composer of the late baroque period.	Richard Mudge	Bedworth
place of death	Béla Balázs (Hungarian: (ˈbeːlɒ ˈbɒlaːʒ); 4 August 1884, Szeged -- 17 May 1949, Budapest), born Herbert Bauer, was a Hungarian-Jewish film critic, aesthete, writer and poet.	Béla Balázs	Budapest
place of death	John Albert Ewart (1872--1964) was a Canadian architect was an Ottawa architect and son of Chief Dominion Architect David Ewart.	John Albert Ewart	Ottawa
place of death	Hugo Zöller (12 January 1852 -- 1933 in Munich) was a German explorer and journalist.	Hugo Zöller	Munich
place of death	Feletheus and his wife were captured, and executed in Ravenna in 487.	Feletheus	Ravenna
place of death	Otto Rubensohn (24 November 1867, Kassel -- 9 August 1964, Höchenschwand) was a German-Jewish classical archaeologist.	Otto Rubensohn	Höchenschwand
place of death	Lima Barreto was born in Rio de Janeiro in 1881, to João Henriques de Lima Barreto and Amália Augusta.	Lima Barreto	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Petrus Jacobus Kipp (Utrecht, 5 March 1808 -- Delft, 3 February 1864) was a Dutch apothecary, chemist and instrument maker.	Petrus Jacobus Kipp	Delft
place of death	Martino Bassi (1542--1591) was an Italian architect active in the Renaissance period, mainly in Milan.	Martino Bassi	Milan
place of death	Giovanni Poleni (b. Venice, around 1683; d. Padua, Nov., 1761) was a Marquess, physicist, mathematician and antiquarian.	Giovanni Poleni	Padua
place of death	The George Costakis collection, National Gallery (Athens) 1997 Russian Avant-Garde from the Collection of G.D. Costakis, Tretyakov Gallery 2000 Amazons of the Avant-Garde, Guggenheim travelling exhibition:	George Costakis	Athens
place of death	Ibrahim Qashoush (3 September 1977 -- 4 July 2011) was a fireman and amateur poet from Hama, Syria.	Ibrahim Qashoush	Syria
place of death	Simon de Vos (20 October 1603, Antwerp -- 15 October 1676, Antwerp) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman and art collector.	Simon de Vos	Antwerp
place of death	Maria Orska's lover, a wealthy Jewish industrialist and geologist Julius Heinrich Koritschoner from Vienna, shot himself in Constantinople in 1928, writing before death a letter to Orska.	Maria Orska	Vienna
place of death	Hans Urwyler was born into a New Apostolic parents' house in Bern, Switzerland.	Hans Urwyler	Bern
place of death	Konstantinos Volanakis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Βολανάκης; 1837, Heraklion - 29 June 1907, Piraeus) was a Greek painter who became known as the ``father of Greek seascape painting''.	Konstantinos Volanakis	Piraeus
place of death	Hellen Huisman (born 26 March 1937 in Amsterdam, North Holland - died 29 January 2012 in Blaricum North Holland) was a voice actor who did voiceover work on Sesamstraat, the Dutch co-production of Sesame Street.	Hellen Huisman	Blaricum
place of death	Born in Schwetzingen, Franz Danzi worked in Mannheim, Munich, Stuttgart and Karlsruhe, where he died.	Franz Danzi	Karlsruhe
place of death	Francisco González Gómez (Santander, 1918 - 7 March 1990), also known as Francisco, was a Spanish caricaturist, painter and sculptor, considered in his time as having re-invented caricature in Spain.	Francisco González Gómez	Santander
place of death	Sheikh Jamal, after a period of studies at B A F Shaheen College, finished his matriculation from Dhaka Residential Model College in Dhaka.	Sheikh Jamal	Dhaka
place of death	Milan Sachs (28 November 1884 -- 4 August 1968) was a Czech-Croatian opera conductor and composer, who was long associated with the Zagreb Opera in Croatia, where he conducted some important local premieres, including Wagner's Parsifal, and Janáček's Jenůfa (1920).	Milan Sachs	Zagreb
place of death	Karlen Abramov (Armenian: Կառլեն Աբրամով, born 9 May 1987 in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR - 2008) was an Uzbekistani ethnically Jewish-Armenian professional football striker.	Karlen Abramov	Tashkent
place of death	Yves Farge (19 August 1899, Salon-de-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône − 31 March 1953, Tbilisi) was a French journalist and politician.	Yves Farge	Tbilisi
place of death	Hans Acker (c. 1380 -- 1461, Ulm) was a German stained glass artist.	Hans Acker	Ulm
place of death	Jan Duiker (also Johannes Duiker) (The Hague, 1 March 1890 -- Amsterdam, 23 February 1935) was a Dutch architect.	Jan Duiker	Amsterdam
place of death	James Tilly Matthews (1770 -- 10 January 1815) was a London tea broker, originally from Wales and of Huguenot descent, who was committed to Bethlem (colloquially Bedlam) psychiatric hospital in 1797.	James Tilly Matthews	London
place of death	Arthur Oldham died in Villejuif in 2003, aged 76.	Arthur Oldham	Villejuif
place of death	Mirdza Ķempe (later Naikovska) (9 February (O.S. 27 January) 1907, Liepāja - 12 April 1974, Riga) was a noted Latvian poet, translator and tutor.	Mirdza Ķempe	Riga
place of death	Polibio Fumagalli (October 26, 1830 in Inzago -- June 21, 1900 in Milan) was an Italian composer, organist, and pianist.	Polibio Fumagalli	Milan
place of death	Félix Fénéon (22 June 1861, Turin, Italy -- 29 February 1944, Châtenay-Malabry) was a Parisian anarchist and art critic during the late 19th century.	Félix Fénéon	Châtenay-Malabry
place of death	Ibrahim Shahda (born October 2, 1929 in Al-Azizya, died August 28, 1991 in Aix-en-Provence) was a figurative French painter born in Egypt.	Ibrahim Shahda	Aix-en-Provence
place of death	Karl Helmer Alexandersson (born 16 November 1886, in Stockholm - died 24 December 1927 in Stockholm), was a Swedish composer and violinist.	Helmer Alexandersson	Stockholm
place of death	Marcelle Pradot died in Neuilly-sur-Seine in 1982, two and a half years after L'Herbier.	Marcelle Pradot	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Carl Heinrich Auspitz (September 2, 1835, in Nikolsburg, Moravia -- 22 May, 1886, in Vienna) was a Jewish Austrian dermatologist.	Heinrich Auspitz	Vienna
place of death	Ambiorix was, together with Cativolcus, prince of the Eburones, leader of a Belgic tribe of north-eastern Gaul (Gallia Belgica), where modern Belgium is located.	Ambiorix	Gaul
place of death	William F. Poe (July 22, 1931 -- May 1, 2014) was the mayor of Tampa, Florida from 1974 to 1979.	William F. Poe	Tampa
place of death	Antonio Dardani (1677--1735) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly in his native Bologna..	Antonio Dardani	Bologna
place of death	Gaetano Zompini (25 September 1700 -- 20 May 1778) was an Italian printmaker and engraver, known for his prints depicting workers from the lower classes in Venice.	Gaetano Zompini	Venice
place of death	Ross Hagen died of prostate cancer at his home in Brentwood, Los Angeles, on May 7, 2011, at the age of 72.	Ross Hagen	Los Angeles
place of death	Reinhold Johan von Fersen (1646, Tallinn -- 1716, Stockholm) was the governor of Västerbotten County from 1688 to 1692 and of Halland County from 1705 to 1710.	Reinhold Johan von Fersen	Stockholm
place of death	Franciszek Kostrzewski (19 April 1826 in Warsaw - 30 September 1911 in Warsaw) was a Polish painter, illustrator and caricaturist.	Franciszek Kostrzewski	Warsaw
place of death	Willie Cook (November 11, 1923, Tangipahoa, Louisiana - September 22, 2000, Stockholm, Sweden) was an American jazz trumpeter.	Willie Cook	Stockholm
place of death	Lucas Osiander the Elder (16 December 1534, Nuremberg - 17 September 1604, Stuttgart) was a German pastor of the Evangelischen Landeskirche in Württemberg.	Lucas Osiander the Elder	Stuttgart
place of death	François-Pierre Blin or Pierre-François Blin, was born in Rennes on the 8th of June 1756, and died on the 4th of November 1834 in Chantenay-sur-Loire.	François-Pierre Blin	Chantenay-sur-Loire
place of death	Joseph Sulkowski, (c. 1770, Palatinate of Poznań -- 22 October 1798, Cairo, Egypt) was a Polish captain in the French Revolutionary Army and friend and aide de camp to Bonaparte.	Joseph Sulkowski	Cairo
place of death	Marie Delcourt (Ixelles, 18 November 1891 -- Liège, 11 February 1979) was a Belgian classical philologist.	Marie Delcourt	Liège
place of death	Edward Lawry Norton (28 July 1898, Rockland, Maine--28 January 1983, Chatham, New Jersey) was an accomplished Bell Labs engineer and scientist famous for developing the concept of the Norton equivalent circuit.	Edward Lawry Norton	New Jersey
place of death	Consalvo Carelli (March 29, 1818 in Naples -- December 2, 1900 in Naples, Italy) was an Italian landscape painter and painter of the School of Posillipo.	Consalvo Carelli	Naples
place of death	Jan van Balen (21 July 1611, Antwerp -- 14 March 1654) was a Flemish painter known for his Baroque paintings of history and allegorical subjects.	Jan van Balen	Antwerp
place of death	Lydia Cecilia Hill (born Canterbury 20 July 1913; died Canterbury 11 October 1940), known as Cissie Hill or Cecily Hill, was an English cabaret dancer notable for being a favourite of Ibrahim, Sultan of Johor and for being briefly engaged to him.	Lydia Cecilia Hill	Canterbury
place of death	Theoderic invaded Italy in 489 and by August 490 had captured almost the entire peninsula, forcing Odoacer to take refuge in Ravenna.	Odoacer	Ravenna
place of death	Édouard Batiste was a French composer and organist born in Paris on 28 March 1820, and studied at the Imperial Conservatoire as a teenager, winning prizes in solfège, harmony and accompaniment, counterpoint and fugue, and organ.	Édouard Batiste	Paris
place of death	Heinrich Bütefisch (24 February 1894, Hanover -- 5 September 1969, Essen) was a German chemist, manager at IG Farben, and Nazi war criminal.	Heinrich Bütefisch	Essen
place of death	Tom Dragna (1889--1977) was a Sicilian-American bootlegger and mobster who became a member of the Los Angeles crime family.	Tom Dragna	Los Angeles
place of death	Caspar Joseph Brambach (14 July 1833 -- 20 June 1902) was a 19th-century German musician, pedagogue, composer whose reputation extended beyond Germany to America, and a renowned conductor of the leading choirs in Bonn.	Caspar Joseph Brambach	Bonn
place of death	Artus de Lionne preferred to return to Paris to further his education, and wait for a better answer.	Artus de Lionne	Paris
place of death	Nicholas Magni (Nicolaus Magni de Iawor, Mikuláš Magni z Jawora, Nikolaus Groß von Jauer) (c. 1355 -- 22 March 1435) was a late medieval theologian, a professor at Heidelberg University.	Nicholas Magni	Heidelberg
place of death	Alfred Maudslay died January 1931 in Hereford, England.	Alfred Maudslay	Hereford
place of death	Dante Gianello (Chiesa in Valmalenco, Italy, 26 March 1912 -- Privas, France, 14 November 1992) was a professional road bicycle racer.	Dante Gianello	Privas
place of death	Gerald Dreyer (22 September 1929 -- 5 September 1985) was a boxer from Pretoria, South Africa, who competed in the Lightweight division during his career as an amateur.	Gerald Dreyer	Pretoria
place of death	François-Rupert Carabin (17 March 1862, Saverne, Bas-Rhin - 1932, Strasbourg) was a French cabinetmaker, photographer and sculptor.	François-Rupert Carabin	Strasbourg
place of death	Laurent Merchiers (9 June 1904 -- 5 February 1986) was a Belgian liberal politician, lawyer, and a Professor at the University of Ghent.	Laurent Merchiers	Ghent
place of death	Johann Friedrich Eduard Sobolewski (born Königsberg (Królewiec), October 1, 1804 or 1808 - died St. Louis, May 17, 1872) was a Polish-American violinist, composer, and conductor.	Eduard Sobolewski	St. Louis
place of death	Pehr Wilhelm Wargentin (Sunne parish, Jämtlands län 11 September 1717 (OS) -- Stockholm 13 December 1783), Swedish astronomer and demographer.	Pehr Wilhelm Wargentin	Stockholm
place of death	Master of the Legend of Saint Lucy (fl. 1480-1510) was an unidentified Early Netherlandish painter who worked in Bruges, a city in today's Belgium.	Master of the Legend of Saint Lucy	Bruges
place of death	Max Sievers (11 June 1887 in Berlin -- 17 January 1944 in Brandenburg an der Havel) was chairman of the German Freethinkers League, writer and active communist.	Max Sievers	Brandenburg an der Havel
place of death	Isaac Bargrave (1586 -- January 1643) was an English royalist churchman, Dean of Canterbury from 1625 to 1643.	Isaac Bargrave	Canterbury
place of death	Rudy Kousbroek died aged 80 in Leiden.	Rudy Kousbroek	Leiden
place of death	Ernesto Nazareth was born in Rio de Janeiro, one of five children.	Ernesto Nazareth	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Henrik Gabriel Porthan (1739 in Viitasaari -- 1804 in Turku) was a scholar sometimes known as The Father of Finnish History.	Henrik Gabriel Porthan	Turku
place of death	Giuseppe Simonelli (Naples, c.1650--1710) was an Italian painter, active in a late-Baroque style.	Giuseppe Simonelli	Naples
place of death	Paul Bairoch (24 July 1930, Antwerp -- 12 February 1999, Geneva) was one of the great post-war economic historians who specialised in global economic history, urban history and historical demography.	Paul Bairoch	Geneva
place of death	Lorser Feitelson (1898, Savannah, GA -- 1978, Los Angeles, CA) was born in Savannah, Georgia, but was raised in New York City, where his family relocated shortly after his birth.	Lorser Feitelson	Los Angeles
place of death	Jérémie Pauzié (1716 -- 1779 in Geneva) was a Swiss-French diamond jeweler, artist and memoirist, best known for his work for the Russian Imperial court and his masterpiece, the Imperial Crown of Russia, that was commissioned for the 1762 coronation of Empress Catherine the Great.	Jérémie Pauzié	Geneva
place of death	Haidee Wright (13 January 1867 -- 29 January 1943) as Ada Wright was a London born English character actress.	Haidee Wright	London
place of death	Magnus Gottfried Lichtwer (30 January 1719, in Wurzen -- 7 July 1783, in Halberstadt) was a German fabulist.	Magnus Gottfried Lichtwer	Halberstadt
place of death	Victor Meirelles de Lima (18 August 1832, Florianópolis - 22 February 1903, Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian painter who is best known for his works relating to his nation's culture and history.	Victor Meirelles	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Henry Theodore Wade-Gery, MC, FBA (2 April 1888 in Campton Grange near Shefford, Bedfordshire -- 2 January 1972 in Oxford), known as Theodore Wade-Gery or H. T. Wade-Gery, was a classical scholar, historian and epigrapher.	Theodore Wade-Gery	Oxford
place of death	Klári Tolnay (born Rózsi Tolnay) was born on 17 July 1914 in Budapest, as the daughter of István Tolnay and Eleonóra Siess.	Klári Tolnay	Budapest
place of death	Peter of Aspelt (aka Peter von Aichspelt, Peter von Basel, Peter von Mainz; born 1240/45, died June 5, 1320 in Mainz) was Archbishop of Mainz from 1306 to 1320, and an influential political figure of the period.	Peter of Aspelt	Mainz
place of death	Aristide Merloni (24 October 1897, Fabriano -- 19 December 1970, Fabriano), was an Italian businessman, founder of the Merloni industries.	Aristide Merloni	Fabriano
place of death	Jiří Kodet (6 December 1937 in Prague - 25 June 2005 in Prague) was a Czech actor.	Jiří Kodet	Prague
place of death	The Gunnister Man is the remains of a man found by two Shetlanders in a peat bog not far from the junction of the A970 road in Gunnister, Shetland, Scotland.	Gunnister Man	Shetland
place of death	Giovanni Guerra (1544--1618) was an Italian draughtsman and painter from Modena who worked in Rome, where he probably arrived in 1562, though he was not documented until 1583, when he frescoed three friezes of allegorical figures in the Palazzetto Cenci, a modest project for a patron who was not very prestigious.	Giovanni Guerra	Rome
place of death	Arturo Ambrogi (1874 -- 1936 in San Salvador, El Salvador) was a writer and journalist, considered one of the pioneers of Salvadoran literature, along with Francisco Gavidia and Alberto Masferrer.	Arturo Ambrogi	San Salvador
place of death	Acosta (birth name: José Julián Acosta Calbo) was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico.	José Julián Acosta	San Juan
place of death	William Bell Wait (1839--1916) was a teacher in the New York Institute for the Education of the Blind who invented New York Point, a system of writing for the blind that enjoyed wide use in the United States before the Braille system was universally adopted there.	William Bell Wait	New York
place of death	Due to a recurrence of the illness of his mining days, in 1872, Joseph Knowland moved his family from San Francisco to the city of Alameda in Alameda County.	Joseph Knowland	Alameda
place of death	On November 30, 2003, a block of East 2nd Street in New York City was officially renamed Joey Ramone Place.	Joey Ramone	New York City
place of death	Claude Whatham (7 December 1927 in Manchester - 4 January 2008 in Anglesey) was an English film and TV director mainly known for his work on dramas.	Claude Whatham	Anglesey
place of death	Eduard Bargheer (25 December 1901, in Finkenwerder, Hamburg -- 1 July 1979, in Blankenese, Hamburg) was a German painter and printmaker.	Eduard Bargheer	Blankenese
place of death	While visiting Italy in summer 1922, Take Ionescu contracted typhoid fever, and died at a sanitarium on Rome's Via Toscana (according to sources, he had contracted the disease while in Naples, having eaten an infected oyster, and fell ill while crossing into Sicily).	Take Ionescu	Rome
place of death	Baldwin of Luxembourg (c. 1285 -- 21 January 1354) was the Archbishop-Elector of Trier and Archchancellor of Burgundy from 1307 to his death.	Baldwin of Luxembourg	Trier
place of death	Fanny de Sivers (maiden name: Isak; 20 October 1920, in Pärnu -- 22 June 2011, in Eaubonne, near Paris) was an Estonian linguist, literature researcher and essayist.	Fanny de Sivers	Eaubonne
place of death	Dušan Radić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Радић; Sombor, April 10, 1929 -- Belgrade, April 3, 2010) was a Serbian composer, university professor, and a full member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts (SASA, SANU in Serbian).	Dušan Radić	Belgrade
place of death	Madeleine Biardeau (16 May 1922 Niort - 1 February 2010 Cherveux) was an Indologist from France.	Madeleine Biardeau	Cherveux
place of death	The Reverend Thomas Roscoe Rede Stebbing F.R.S., F.L.S. (6 February 1835, London -- 8 July 1926, Royal Tunbridge Wells) was a British zoologist, who described himself as ``a serf to natural history, principally employed about Crustacea''.	Thomas Roscoe Rede Stebbing	Royal Tunbridge Wells
place of death	In 1975, Frank Caplan founded The Princeton Center for Infancy and Early Childhood.	Frank Caplan	Princeton
place of death	Marlboro Packard (August 19, 1828 - February 4, 1904) was a master shipbuilder who lived in Searsport, Maine.	Marlboro Packard	Maine
place of death	Giorgi Chanturia (Georgian: გიორგი ჭანტურია, IPA: (ɡɪɔrɡɪ tʃʼɑntʼurɪɑ); August 19, 1959, Tbilisi - December 3, 1994) was a Georgian politician and the National Democratic Party leader who was murdered in Tbilisi, Georgia in December 1994.	Giorgi Chanturia	Tbilisi
place of death	Arnold Gehlen (29 January 1904 in Leipzig, German Empire -- 30 January 1976 in Hamburg, West Germany) was an influential conservative German philosopher, sociologist, and anthropologist.	Arnold Gehlen	Hamburg
place of death	Satyen Kappu started his career as a stage actor in 1952 with the Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA) in Mumbai.	Satyen Kappu	Mumbai
place of death	Zenon Stefaniuk (8 July 1930 in Wojnów -- 10 July 1985 in Katowice) was a Polish boxer.	Zenon Stefaniuk	Katowice
place of death	Immanuel Löw (January 20, 1854 in Szeged -- July 19, 1944 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian rabbi, scholar and politician.	Immanuel Löw	Budapest
place of death	While on an official visit to Colón, Panama, William Wedemeyer accidentally drowned in the harbor of that port.	William Wedemeyer	Colón
place of death	Antonio Piolanti (7 August 1911 in Predappio, Emilia-Romagna, Italy; † 28 September 2001 in Rome) was a Roman Catholic priest and theologian, dogmatist and Thomist.	Antonio Piolanti	Rome
place of death	Wilhelm Neumann-Torborg (born 24 August 1856 in Elberfeld; died 31 December 1917 in Elberfeld) was a German sculptor whose works are still well-known.	Wilhelm Neumann-Torborg	Elberfeld
place of death	Sven Einar Englund was born at Ljugarn in Gotland, Sweden, on June 17, 1916; he died June 27, 1999 in Visby, Sweden.	Einar Englund	Visby
place of death	Robert Kuven (21 August 1901, Strasbourg -- 25 April 1983, Strasbourg) was a German/French painter and watercolorist.	Robert Kuven	Strasbourg
place of death	John Taylor Gilman (December 19, 1753 -- August 31, 1828) was a farmer, shipbuilder and statesman from Exeter, New Hampshire.	John Taylor Gilman	Exeter
place of death	Francisco Vieira (Porto, 13 May 1765 -- Funchal, 2 May 1805), who choose the artistic name of Vieira Portuense, was a Portuguese painter, one of the introducers of Neoclassicism in Portuguese painting.	Vieira Portuense	Funchal
place of death	Hugo Chaim Adler (17 January 1894, Antwerp -- 24 December 1955, Worcester, Massachusetts) was a Belgian composer, cantor, and choir conductor.	Hugo Chaim Adler	Worcester
place of death	Mariano Santo (Barletta, 1488 -- Rome, 1577) was a prominent surgeon of the 16th century.	Mariano Santo	Rome
place of death	Jean Halain (son of Jean-Marie Hunebelle), born 14 January 1920 in Paris, died 14 September 2000 in Juvisy-sur-Orge, was a film screenwriter.	Jean Halain	Juvisy-sur-Orge
place of death	Jochem Schindler (8 November 1944 in Amstetten, Lower Austria -- 24 December 1994 in Prague) was an Austrian Indo-Europeanist.	Jochem Schindler	Prague
place of death	Remo Capitani (19 December 1927 -- 14 February 2014), also known as Ray O'Connor and Ray O'Conner, was an Italian actor from Rome.	Remo Capitani	Rome
place of death	Franz Caucig, Franco Caucig or Francesco Caucig, also known in Slovene as Franc Kavčič or Frančišek Caucig (4 December 1755, Gorizia -- 17 November, 1828, Vienna) was a Neoclassical painter and drawer of Slovene origin.	Franz Caucig	Vienna
place of death	Jackson was the eldest child of Benjamin Daydon Jackson (c.1806-1855) and Elizabeth Gaze (b.c.1815), born in London and educated at private schools.	Benjamin Daydon Jackson	London
place of death	Nicolas Bertin (1667, Paris -- 1736) was a French painter.	Nicolas Bertin	Paris
place of death	Marie-Anne Libert, (born April 1782 in Malmedy, province of Liège, died 14 January 1865 in Malmedy) was a Belgian botanist and mycologist.	Marie-Anne Libert	Malmedy
place of death	Karl August Varnhagen von Ense (21 February 1785 in Düsseldorf -- 10 October 1858 in Berlin) was a German biographer, diplomat and soldier.	Karl August Varnhagen von Ense	Berlin
place of death	Janko Kamauf was the last city magistrate of Gradec and the first mayor of Zagreb, Croatia.	Janko Kamauf	Zagreb
place of death	In December 1944 Nikolay Dobrokhotov moved to Kiev, worked as head of steel-smelting department of Ferrous Metallurgy Institute of the Ukrainian SSR Academy of Sciences and the head of the Department of steel metallurgy and industrial furnaces of Kiev Polytechnic Institute.	Nikolay Dobrokhotov	Kiev
place of death	Henri de La Trémoille (22 December 1598 -- 21 January 1674) was the (3rd) Duke of Thouars, (2nd) Duke of La Tremoille, and Prince of Talmond and Taranto.	Henri de La Trémoille	Thouars
place of death	Frédéric Charles Jean Gingins de la Sarraz (14 August 1790, Éclépens -- 27 February 1863, Lausanne) was a Swiss historian and botanist.	Frédéric Charles Jean Gingins de la Sarraz	Lausanne
place of death	As a political figure Juan Zorrilla de San Martín served as a Deputy for Montevideo from 1888 to 1891 and served as Ambassador several periods.	Juan Zorrilla de San Martín	Montevideo
place of death	Raúl Rettig Guissen (16 May 1909 in Temuco -- 30 April 2000 in Santiago), was a Chilean politician and lawyer.	Raúl Rettig	Santiago
place of death	Hermann Speck von Sternburg (21 August 1852 Leeds, England -- 23 August 1908 Heidelberg, Germany) was a German diplomat.	Hermann Speck von Sternburg	Heidelberg
place of death	Klaus Höhne (June 13, 1927 in Hamburg -- August 21, 2006, in Murnau am Staffelsee) was a German actor.	Klaus Höhne	Murnau am Staffelsee
place of death	Bento Manuel Ribeiro (Sorocaba, 1783 -- Porto Alegre, 1855) was a Brazilian military officer, who participated in some key military campaigns of the history of Brazil such as the Cisplatine War (Guerra del Brazil) and the Ragamuffin War.	Bento Manuel Ribeiro	Porto Alegre
place of death	Vlado Maleski (Macedonian: Владо Малески) (Struga, 5 September 1919 - Struga, 23 September 1984) was a Macedonian writer, communist activist, publisher and revolutionary.	Vlado Maleski	Struga
place of death	Hüseyin Alp died on January 8, 1983 at the age of 48 in Istanbul.	Hüseyin Alp	Istanbul
place of death	Ayas Mehmed Pasha (1483--1539) was an Ottoman statesman and grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1536 to 1539.	Ayas Mehmed Pasha	Ottoman Empire
place of death	Karl Heinrich Mertens (17 May 1796 - 18 September 1830 Kronstadt), was a German botanist and naturalist, and son of the botanist Franz Carl Mertens.	Karl Heinrich Mertens	Kronstadt
place of death	Ilona Kolonits (17 March 1922, Budapest - 2 August 2002, Budapest) was a Hungarian documentary film director and international news correspondent.	Ilona Kolonits	Budapest
place of death	Alvin P. Shapiro (December 28, 1920 -- November 21, 1998) was an American physician and professor primarily at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.	Alvin P. Shapiro	Pittsburgh
place of death	Johann Gottlob von Kurr (15 January 1798, Sulzbach an der Murr -- 9 May 1870, Stuttgart) was a German pharmacist and naturalist, making contributions in the fields of botany and mineralogy.	Johann Gottlob von Kurr	Stuttgart
place of death	Ubaldo Ragona (Catania, 1 December 1916 -- Rome, 15 August 1987) was an Italian film director and screenwriter.	Ubaldo Ragona	Rome
place of death	He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the eldest son of a well-known Quaker family (Richard and Anne Roberts Vaux) and connected by marriage to another such family, the Wistars.	Roberts Vaux	Philadelphia
place of death	Nicolas Toussaint Charlet (December 20, 1792 -- October 30, 1845), French designer and painter, more especially of military subjects, was born in Paris.	Nicolas Toussaint Charlet	Paris
place of death	Henri Ernest Ponthier de Chamaillard, usually known as Ernest de Chamaillard, (9 December 1862, Gourlizon -- 1931, Eaubonne) was a French artist, one of a group of painters who gathered in the Breton village of Pont-Aven.	Ernest de Chamaillard	Eaubonne
place of death	John Bennet Lawes was born at Rothamsted in modern-day Harpenden near St Albans, Hertfordshire on 28 December 1814, the only son of John Bennet Lawes, owner of the Rothamsted estate and lord of the manor of Rothamsted.	John Bennet Lawes	Hertfordshire
place of death	Benjamin Whichcote (1609--1683) was a British Establishment and Puritan divine, Provost of King's College, Cambridge, and leader of the Cambridge Platonists.	Benjamin Whichcote	Cambridge
place of death	Pope Sixtus I (42 -- 125) was the Bishop of Rome from c. 115 to his death c. 124.	Pope Sixtus I	Rome
place of death	Anders Gustaf Ekeberg (Stockholm, Sweden, 16 January 1767 -- Uppsala, Sweden, 11 February 1813) was a Swedish chemist who discovered tantalum in 1802.	Anders Gustaf Ekeberg	Uppsala
place of death	Bernhard Hirzel (12 August 1807 -- 6 June 1847 in Paris) was a Swiss theologian and Orientalist.	Bernhard Hirzel	Paris
place of death	Alfredo Oriani (22 August 1852 in Faenza -- 18 October 1909 in Casola Valsenio) was an Italian author, writer and social critic.	Alfredo Oriani	Casola Valsenio
place of death	Werner Zoege von Manteuffel (13 July 1857, in Määri, Estonia -- 14 March 1926, in Tallinn, Estonia) was a Baltic German medical surgeon.	Werner Zoege von Manteuffel	Tallinn
place of death	Dorothea Susanne of Simmern (15 November 1544, Simmern -- 8 April 1592, Weimar) was a princess of the Electorate of the Palatinate and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Weimar.	Dorothea Susanne of Simmern	Weimar
place of death	Fulvio Croce, (June 6, 1901 - April 28, 1977) was an Italian lawyer, President of the Turin Bar Association, who was killed by the terrorist association Red Brigades.	Fulvio Croce	Turin
place of death	Walter Livingston (November 27, 1740 Clermont Manor, Clermont, Columbia County, New York - May 14, 1797 New York City) was an American merchant, lawyer and politician.	Walter Livingston	New York City
place of death	Otto Friedrich Ferdinand von Görschen (April 12, 1824 in Neuruppin -- June 8, 1875 in Eberswalde) was a Royal Prussian lieutenant colonel and highly decorated war hero of the 19th century.	Otto Friedrich Ferdinand von Görschen	Eberswalde
place of death	Vladimir Varlaj (1895--1962) was a Croatian artist, a member of the Group of Four during the Zagreb Spring Salon of the 1920s, and a founder of the Independent Group of Artists.	Vladimir Varlaj	Zagreb
place of death	Vasco Santana (full name: Vasco António Rodrigues Santana; 28 January 1898 in Lisbon -- 13 June 1958) was a Portuguese actor, one of the most renowned of the classical era of Portuguese cinema.	Vasco Santana	Lisbon
place of death	Emanuele Appiani (c. 1380 -- February 15, 1457) was Prince of Piombino during the Appiani dynasty in the Renaissance.	Emanuele Appiani	Piombino
place of death	Christian Friedrich Henrici (January 14, 1700 -- May 10, 1764), writing under the pen name Picander, was a German poet and librettist for many of the cantatas which Johann Sebastian Bach composed in Leipzig.	Picander	Leipzig
place of death	Dimo Todorovski (Macedonian Slavic: Димо Тодоровски), (1910, Thessaloniki - 1983, Skopje), was a prominent Macedonian artist and a first generation Macedonian sculptor.	Dimo Todorovski	Skopje
place of death	Maria Rowohlt (born as Maria Pierenkämper; 5 June 1910 in Bochum -- 11 April 2005 in Hamburg) was a German actress.	Maria Rowohlt	Hamburg
place of death	Mieczysław Zygfryd Słowikowski (Jazgarzew, near Warsaw, 1896--1989, London), also known as ``Rygor-Słowikowski,'' was a Polish Army officer whose intelligence work in North Africa facilitated Allied preparations for the 1942 Operation Torch landings.	Mieczysław Zygfryd Słowikowski	London
place of death	Gavrilo Vitković (28 January 1829, in Buda, Austrian Empire -- 25 July 1902, in Negotin, Kingdom of Serbia) was an engineer, historian, professor and collector of old manuscripts.	Gavrilo Vitković	Negotin
place of death	Giuseppe Casciaro (March 9, 1861 in Ortelle, Province of Lecce, Region of Apulia -- October 25, 1941 in Naples) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Naples.	Giuseppe Casciaro	Naples
place of death	Frida Leider was born at Berlin, where she studied singing while working in a bank.	Frida Leider	Berlin
place of death	Adam Elsheimer (18 March 1578 -- 11 December 1610) was a German artist working in Rome who died at only thirty-two, but was very influential in the early 17th century in the field of Baroque paintings.	Adam Elsheimer	Rome
place of death	Renata Fronzi died at the age of 82 of multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, which was brought on by diabetes, on April 15, 2008, at the Hospital Municipal Lourenço Jorge in the Barra da Tijuca neighborhood of western Rio de Janeiro.	Renata Fronzi	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Francesco Merli was born Francesco Cova in Corsico (Milan), son of Luigi and Emilia Cova.	Francesco Merli	Milan
place of death	Shapland Hugh Swinny (30 January 1857, Dublin -- 31 August 1923, London) was an Irish economist and Comtean positivist.	Shapland Hugh Swinny	London
place of death	Alois Friedrich Rogenhofer (22 December 1831, Vienna -- 15 January 1897, Vienna) was an Austrian entomologist.	Alois Friedrich Rogenhofer	Vienna
place of death	:28 Heliodor Píka was hanged in the yard of Bory Prison (Czech: Věznice Bory) in Plzeň around 06:00 on the morning of June 21, 1949.	Heliodor Píka	Plzeň
place of death	Ho Fook, alias Ho Chak-sang, JP (30 November 1863 -- 29 August 1926) was a Hong Kong prominent Eurasian compradore and philanthropist.	Ho Fook	Hong Kong
place of death	Klement Slavický (September 22, 1910, Tovačov, Moravia -- September 4, 1999, Prague, Czech Republic) was a Czech composer of modern classical music.	Klement Slavický	Prague
place of death	Immanuel Munk (30 May 1852, Posen -- 1 August 1903, Berlin) was a German physiologist.	Immanuel Munk	Berlin
place of death	Sigmund Neuberger, or Sigmund Newburger, was born on 25 February 1871 in Munich, Germany and died on 9 May 1911 in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Sigmund Neuberger	Edinburgh
place of death	Mikołaj Rudnicki - (born 6 December 1881 in Sokołów Podlaski - died 28 June 1978 in Puszczykowo) was a Polish linguist.	Mikołaj Rudnicki	Puszczykowo
place of death	Arie de Vroet (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈaːri də ˈvrut)) (born November 9, 1918, Oud-Beijerland - died September 9, 1999, Woudenberg) was a Dutch footballer who was active as a left winger.	Arie de Vroet	Woudenberg
place of death	Claudi Lorenzale i Sugrañes (December 8, 1814, Barcelona - March 31, 1889, Barcelona) was a Catalonian painter, associated with the German Nazarene movement and local efforts to recover the history of the Catalan region.	Claudi Lorenzale	Barcelona
place of death	Otti Berger (* October 4, 1898 in Zmajevac / Baranja, Hungary; † 1944/45 in Auschwitz concentration camp) was a textile artist and weaver and a member of the Bauhaus.	Otti Berger	Auschwitz concentration camp
place of death	Jovan Žižić (Serbian: Јован Жижић) (1874, Drobnjak -- January 20, 1941 Pljevlja) was one of the key commanders of the Montenegrin Army in the period before and after the First World War.	Jovan Žižić	Pljevlja
place of death	Lucía Sánchez Saornil (Madrid. December 13, 1895 -- Valencia. June 2, 1970), was a Spanish poet, militant anarchist and feminist.	Lucía Sánchez Saornil	Valencia
place of death	René Vannes (1888 Lille, France--1956 Brussels) was a Belgian musicologist and author of a standard history of lutenists, which is also used as a standard reference work on violin bow makes and archetiers.	René Vannes	Brussels
place of death	Siegfried Breuer (24 June 1906, Vienna -- 1 February 1954, Weende, Göttingen) was an Austrian stage and film actor and occasional film director and screenwriter.	Siegfried Breuer	Weende
place of death	Élie Reclus (French: (ʁəkly); 16 June 1827, Sainte-Foy-la-Grande -- 11 February 1904, Brussels) was a French ethnographer who studied what were then called primitive cultures, and an anarchist.	Élie Reclus	Brussels
place of death	Émile-Louis Burnouf (26 August 1821, in Valognes -- January 1907, in Paris) was a leading nineteenth-century Orientalist and racialist whose ideas influenced the development of theosophy and Aryanism.	Émile-Louis Burnouf	Paris
place of death	Martin of Cochem (born at Cochem on the Mosel, 13 December 1630 or 1634; died in the convent at Waghäusel, 10 September 1712) was a German Capuchin theologian, preacher, and ascetic writer.	Martin of Cochem	Waghäusel
place of death	Frederick Charles Adler (usually known as F. Charles Adler) (born on 2 July 1889 in London and died 16 February 1959 in Vienna) was an English-German conductor.	Frederick Charles Adler	Vienna
place of death	John Wengraf (23 April 1897, Vienna, Austria-Hungary -- 4 May 1974 in Santa Barbara, California) was an Austrian actor.	John Wengraf	Santa Barbara
place of death	Agostino Fantastici (1782 -- 1845) was an Italian scenic designer and architect, mainly active in Siena, Italy.	Agostino Fantastici	Siena
place of death	Pierre Coton (7 March 1564, at Néronde in Forez -- 19 March 1626, at Paris) was a French Jesuit and royal confessor.	Pierre Coton	Paris
place of death	Moussa Arafat al-Qudwa (Arabic: موسى عرفات; January 23, 1940/41 Jaffa -- September 7, 2005 Gaza City) was a cousin of late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	Moussa Arafat	Gaza
place of death	Georges Martin Witkowski (6 January 1867, Mostaganem, French Algeria -- 12 August 1943, Lyon) was a French conductor and composer of classical music.	Georges Martin Witkowski	Lyon
place of death	Erhard Reuwich (Dutch: Reeuwijk) was a Dutch artist, as a designer of woodcuts, and a printer, who came from Utrecht but then worked in Mainz.	Erhard Reuwich	Mainz
place of death	Paul Boulet was born in Marseille and raised in Béziers and Montpellier.	Paul Boulet	Montpellier
place of death	She founded the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston.	Isabella Stewart Gardner	Boston
place of death	Astrid Krebsbach (9 February 1913 in Vienna - 17 September 1995 in Quedlinburg) was a German table tennis player.	Astrid Krebsbach	Quedlinburg
place of death	Rudolf Marschall (December 3, 1873 -- 1967 ) Austrian sculptor and medalist, born in Vienna.	Rudolf Marschall	Vienna
place of death	Fernand Pelez (Paris, January 18, 1843 -- August 7, 1913) was a French painter of Spanish origin who worked in Paris.	Fernand Pelez	Paris
place of death	Edvaldo Alves de Santa Rosa (born March 26, 1934 in Maceió, AL - September 17, 2002, Rio de Janeiro), better known as Dida, was a Brazilian football player.	Edvaldo Alves de Santa Rosa	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	John Ulrich Giesy (J.U. Giesy) born August 6, 1877 near Chillicothe, Ross County, Ohio, USA, died September 8, 1947 in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA, was an American physician, novelist and author.	John Ulrich Giesy	Salt Lake City
place of death	Joachim Schubach died of heart failure in his home town of Hanover on November 5, 1980.	Joachim Schubach	Hanover
place of death	Virginia Earle died at the age of 64 on September 21, 1937 at Englewood, New Jersey.	Virginia Earle	Englewood
place of death	Aarre Merikanto (29 June 1893, Helsinki, Grand Duchy of Finland -- 28 September 1958, Helsinki, Republic of Finland) was a Finnish composer.	Aarre Merikanto	Helsinki
place of death	Anselmo Bucci (Fossombrone 25 May 1887 -- 19 November 1955 Monza) was an Italian painter and printmaker.	Anselmo Bucci	Monza
place of death	Khalil Rza Uluturk (Azerbaijani: Xəlil Rza Ulutürk), (21 October 1932, Salyan -- 22 June 1994, Baku) was an Azerbaijani poet.	Khalil Rza Uluturk	Baku
place of death	Maurice Mandelbaum (born December 9, 1908 in Chicago; died January 1, 1987, Hanover, New Hampshire) was an American philosopher.	Maurice Mandelbaum	Hanover
place of death	Philip Ulric Strengberg (2 August 1805 -- 8 October 1872) was a prominent business man in Jakobstad and the majority owner of the Ph. U. Strengberg tobaccy factory, which he co-owned together with Wilhelm Schauman.	Philip Ulric Strengberg	Jakobstad
place of death	Lockhart Duff, (1792, Scotland - 11 February 1858, Hamilton, Ontario) was a Landowner.	Lockhart Duff	Hamilton
place of death	Carl Miele (born 25 July 1869 in Herzebrock; died 24 December 1938 in Gütersloh) was a German businessman.	Carl Miele	Gütersloh
place of death	Roland Ducke (19 November 1934 in Benešov nad Ploučnicí (Bensen), Czechoslovakia - 26 June 2005 in Jena, Germany) was a German football player.	Roland Ducke	Jena
place of death	Leffmann Behrends (or Liepmann Cohen, c. 1630 -- January 1, 1714, Hanover) was the German financial agent of the dukes and princes of Hanover.	Leffmann Behrends	Hanover
place of death	Jakob Heinrich Laspeyres (9 April 1769, Berlin -- 28 November 1809, Berlin) was a German entomologist especially interested in Lepidoptera.	Jakob Heinrich Laspeyres	Berlin
place of death	Justus Christian Henry Helmuth (16 May 1745 in Helmstedt, Brunswick, Germany -- 5 February 1825 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States) was a German-American Lutheran clergyman.	Justus Christian Henry Helmuth	Philadelphia
place of death	Anton Handlirsch (exactly Anton Peter Josef Handlirsch, 20 January 1865, Vienna -- 28 August 1935, Vienna) was an Austrian entomologist.	Anton Handlirsch	Vienna
place of death	Jordi Rubió i Balaguer (Barcelona, 1887 -- Barcelona, 1982) was a Catalan philologist and librarian.	Jordi Rubió	Barcelona
place of death	Karl Heinz Rechinger (16 October 1906, Vienna -- 30 December 1998) was an Austrian botanist and phytogeographer.	Karl Heinz Rechinger	Vienna
place of death	By 1964 Edmond Hall and his wife had settled from New York to Cambridge Massachusetts for good.	Edmond Hall	Cambridge
place of death	At seventeen, Cao Chun entered the Han imperial court in Luoyang as the Attendant at the Yellow Gates (黄门侍郎, a spokesman for the emperor).	Cao Chun	Luoyang
place of death	Renato William Jones (October 5, 1906 in Rome, Italy -- April 22, 1981 in Munich, Germany), also known as R. William, or simply William Jones, was a popularizer of basketball in Europe and in Asia.	Renato William Jones	Munich
place of death	While traveling back from Africa, George Washington Williams died in Blackpool, England, on August 2, 1891, from tuberculosis and pleurisy.	George Washington Williams	Blackpool
place of death	Gerrit Schipper (baptized 13 September 1775, Amsterdam -- c. 1832 London) was a Dutch painter specializing in pastel portraiture and miniature portrait paintings.	Gerrit Schipper	London
place of death	Tullia Magrini (1950--2005) was an Italian anthropologist, Associate Professor of Anthropology of Music at the University of Bologna, Italy.	Tullia Magrini	Bologna
place of death	Rafael Ajlec (Mokronog, 29 August 1915 -- 11 December 1977, Ljubljana) was a Slovenian musicologist, journalist, and critic.	Rafael Ajlec	Ljubljana
place of death	Michael Meinecke (6 November 1941 -- 10 January 1995) was a German art historian, archaeologist and Islamic studies scholar who was director of the Museum of Islamic Art in Berlin from 1988 to 1995.	Michael Meinecke	Berlin
place of death	Pieter Snyers was born in Antwerp into a well-off merchant family.	Pieter Snyers	Antwerp
place of death	Jakov Lind (born Heinz Jakov Landwirth, 10 February 1927 in Vienna -- 16 February 2007 in London) was an Austrian-British writer of short stories and novels.	Jakov Lind	London
place of death	According to Isidore of Seville, Theudigisel was assassinated because he ``defiled the marriages of very many powerful men by public prostitution'', and was assassinated by a group of conspirators during a banquet in Seville.	Theudigisel	Seville
place of death	Whitney Blake died at her home on September 28, 2002, in Edgartown, Massachusetts.	Whitney Blake	Edgartown
place of death	Alphonse Guépin (17 February 1808 in Uzel -- 8 December 1878 in Saint-Brieuc) was a French architect and building restorer.	Alphonse Guépin	Saint-Brieuc
place of death	Joseph Ginat was a Sabra, a Jew born in Atarot settlement north to Jerusalem before Israel was created on May 14, 1948.	Joseph Ginat	Israel
place of death	Paul Johner (10 September 1887, Zürich, Switzerland -- 25 October 1938, Berlin, Germany) was a Swiss chess master.	Paul Johner	Berlin
place of death	A. W. Piper (1828--November 11, 1904) was a Seattle, Washington pioneer whose name was given to Piper Orchard, Pipers Creek and Piper's Canyon in Carkeek Park, and who was elected in 1877--1878 a socialist Seattle City Council member.	A. W. Piper	Seattle
place of death	Ernst Eduard Wiltheiss (12 June 1855 Worms, Germany -- 7 July 1900 Halle) was a German mathematician who worked on hyperelliptic functions and invariant theory.	Ernst Eduard Wiltheiss	Halle
place of death	Johann Georg von Dillis (26 December 1759, in Gmain - 28 September 1841, in Munich) was a German painter.	Johann Georg von Dillis	Munich
place of death	Adelbert Van de Walle was a Flemish-Belgian architect, art historian and professor in the History of Art and Archaeology at the University of Ghent (UGent).	Adelbert Van de Walle	Ghent
place of death	Joseph Bonaparte returned to Europe, where he died in Florence, Italy, and was buried in the Les Invalides building complex in Paris.	Joseph Bonaparte	Florence
place of death	Stefans Grové (born 23 July 1922, Bethlehem, Orange Free State, South Africa; -- 29 May 2014, Pretoria) was a South African composer.	Stefans Grové	Pretoria
place of death	Charles Edwin Bosbury (5 December 1897 -- 14 July 1929), generally known as Charlie Bosbury, was an English professional footballer who made more than 100 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham, Preston North End and Lincoln City.	Charlie Bosbury	Lincoln
place of death	Wilhelm Heckmann (born 26 June 1897 in Wellinghofen, Germany; died 10 March 1995 in Wuppertal, Germany) was a German concert and easy listening musician.	Wilhelm Heckmann	Wuppertal
place of death	Janus Lascaris (Greek: Ἰᾶνoς Λάσκαρις, Ianos Laskaris; born about 1445 in Constantinople; died in Rome on 7 December 1535), also called John Rhyndacenus (from Rhyndacus, a country town in Asia Minor), was a noted Greek scholar in the Renaissance.	Janus Lascaris	Rome
place of death	Xiao Shuxian (Simplified Chinese: 萧淑娴; Traditional Chinese: 蕭淑嫻; Pinyin: Xiāo Shúxián; sometimes spelled Hsiao Shu-sien) (4 April 1905 in Tianjin -- 26 November 1991 in Beijing) was a Chinese composer and music educator.	Xiao Shuxian	Beijing
place of death	José do Canto (20 December 1820, in Ponta Delgada -- 10 July 1898, in Ponta Delgada) was an Azorean landowner and intellectual who distinguished himself as a bibliographer and promoter new agricultural technologies and species into the Azores.	José do Canto	Ponta Delgada
place of death	R. K. Narayan was born in Madras (now Chennai), British India.	R. K. Narayan	Chennai
place of death	Bernardino Maccarucci (c. 1728 -- 1798) was an Italian architect, active in his native Venice.	Bernardino Maccarucci	Venice
place of death	Alfred Cort Haddon, Sc.D., FRS, FRGS (24 May 1855 -- 20 April 1940, Cambridge) was an influential British anthropologist and ethnologist.	Alfred Cort Haddon	Cambridge
place of death	Charles B. Fitzsimons (born 8 May 1924, Ranelagh, County Dublin, Ireland -- died 14 February 2001, Los Angeles, California, U.S.) was an Irish actor who emigrated to the United States, where he became a film producer after ending his acting career.	Charles B. Fitzsimons	Los Angeles
place of death	Kazimierz Ostrowski (born February 14, 1917 in Berlin, died July 12, 1999 in Gdynia) was a Polish painter.	Kazimierz Ostrowski	Gdynia
place of death	Herman Ambrosius Jan Baanders (Amsterdam, 13 February 1876 -- Amsterdam, 27 May 1953), also known by his initials as H.A.J. Baanders, was a Dutch architect, designer and entrepreneur who was active in the Amsterdamse School style of architecture.	Herman Ambrosius Jan Baanders	Amsterdam
place of death	Hanoch Albeck (Hebrew: חנוך אלבק) (August 7, 1890 - January 9, 1972) was a professor of Talmud at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, Israel.	Hanoch Albeck	Jerusalem
place of death	Pedro Joaquín Chamorro Alfaro (born 21 June 1818 in Granada -- 7 June 1890 in Granada) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 March 1875 to 1 March 1879 and a member of the conservative dominant oligarchy Chamorro family.	Pedro Joaquín Chamorro Alfaro	Granada
place of death	Jørgen Pedersen Gram (27 June 1850 -- 29 April 1916) was a Danish actuary and mathematician who was born in Nustrup, Duchy of Schleswig, Denmark and died in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Jørgen Pedersen Gram	Copenhagen
place of death	Béla Kerékjártó (October 1, 1898, Budapest--June 26, 1946, Gyöngyös) was a Hungarian mathematician who wrote numerous articles on topology.	Béla Kerékjártó	Gyöngyös
place of death	Carl Anton Ewald (30 October 1845 -- 20 September 1915) was a German gastroenterologist who was a native of Berlin.	Carl Anton Ewald	Berlin
place of death	Julius von Blaas (1845--1923) was an Italian painter, the second son of Karl, born at Albano, Italy.	Julius von Blaas	1923
place of death	Artur Eisenbach (born April 7, 1906 in Nowy Sącz, died October 30, 1992 in Tel Aviv) was a Polish-Jewish historian; an expert on the history of Jews in Poland, member of Polish Academy of Sciences and the head of the Jewish Historical Institute in Warsaw between 1966 and 1968.	Artur Eisenbach	Tel Aviv
place of death	Heinrich Appelt (born 25 June 1910 in Vienna, d. 16 September 1998 in Vienna) was an Austrian historian.	Heinrich Appelt	Vienna
place of death	Edward Adolphus Ferdinand Seymour, Earl St. Maur (17 July 1835 -- Dover Street, London, 30 September 1869), also 13th Baron Seymour in his own right, was a British aristocrat and soldier.	Ferdinand Seymour, Earl St. Maur	London
place of death	Ralph Ward (5 February 1911 -- 1983) was an English professional footballer who played for Hinckley United, Tottenham Hotspur, Bradford Park Avenue, Crewe Alexandra and represented England at schoolboy level.	Ralph Ward	England
place of death	Ángel Maria Herrera (December 3, 1859, Penonomé District, Coclé Province, Panama - May 2, 1948 Panama), was a Panamanian educator.	Ángel Maria Herrera	Panama
place of death	François Véron Duverger de Forbonnais was born in Le Mans and educated in Paris.	François Véron Duverger de Forbonnais	Paris
place of death	Livio Masciarelli (Roccamontepiano, February 15, 1913 -- Pescara, July 14, 1984) was an Italian sculptor of the twentieth century.	Livio Masciarelli	Pescara
place of death	Karl Ernst Papf, or Ernesto Papf (17 March 1833, Dresden - 16 March 1910, São Paulo) was a German-born Brazilian photographer, painter and designer.	Karl Ernst Papf	São Paulo
place of death	Resia Schor (b. Lublin, Poland, December 5, 1910 -- d. New York City, November 27, 2006) was a Polish-born artist who lived and worked in New York City from 1941 until her death in 2006.	Resia Schor	New York City
place of death	Alfred Boisseau (1823 Paris - 1903, Montreal) - Canadian artist of French origin, in his paintings depicting the life of the Indians and the ``Wild West''.	Alfred Boisseau	Montreal
place of death	Born in Paris, Maria Deraismes grew up in Pontoise in the city's northwest outskirts.	Maria Deraismes	Paris
place of death	Giovanni Antonio Fasolo (1530--1572) was a late Renaissance Italian painter of the Venetian school, active in Vicenza and surroundings.	Giovanni Antonio Fasolo	Vicenza
place of death	John T. Scalish (September 18, 1912 -- May 26, 1976), also known as ``John Scalise'', was an Ohio mobster who became the boss of the Cleveland crime family.	John T. Scalish	Cleveland
place of death	Ruth Berlau (24 August 1906, Charlottenlund -- 15 January 1974 in East Berlin) was a Danish actress, director, photographer and writer, known for her collaboration with Bertolt Brecht and for founding the Bertolt-Brecht-Archiv in Berlin.	Ruth Berlau	East Berlin
place of death	Maraden Saur Halomoan Panggabean (born in Tarutung, North Sumatera, Indonesia, June 29, 1922 - died in Jakarta, Indonesia, May 28, 2000 at the age of 77 years) or more commonly known as Maraden Panggabean was a prominent Indonesian General during the early years of General Suharto's New Order regime.	Maraden Panggabean	Jakarta
place of death	Father Francesco de Vico (also known as de Vigo, De Vico and even DeVico; May 19, 1805, in Macerata -- November 15, 1848, in London) was an Italian astronomer and a Jesuit priest.	Francesco de Vico	London
place of death	Charles Fletcher Lummis (March 1, 1859, in Lynn, Massachusetts -- November 24, 1928, in Los Angeles, California) was a United States journalist and an activist for Indian rights and historic preservation.	Charles Fletcher Lummis	Los Angeles
place of death	Nahum Gergel (born April 4, 1887 in Rakhmestrovka, Ukraine, died on November 18, 1931 in Berlin, Germany) was a Jewish rights activist, humanitarian, sociologist, and author in Yiddish.	Nahum Gergel	Berlin
place of death	Isaac Peral y Caballero (Cartagena, 1 June 1851 -- 22 May 1895, Berlin), was a Spanish engineer, naval officer and designer of the Peral Submarine.	Isaac Peral	Berlin
place of death	Francisco Giner de los Ríos (October 10, 1839 in Ronda, Spain -- February 18, 1915 in Madrid) was a philosopher, educator and one of the most influential Spanish intellectuals at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century.	Francisco Giner de los Ríos	Madrid
place of death	Abraham X. Parker (November 14, 1831 Granville, Addison County, Vermont -- August 9, 1909 Potsdam, St. Lawrence County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Abraham X. Parker	Potsdam
place of death	Te Wei (simplified Chinese: 特伟; traditional Chinese: 特偉; pinyin: Tè Wěi; 22 August 1915 in Shanghai -- 4 February 2010 in Shanghai) was a Chinese manhua artist and animator.	Te Wei	Shanghai
place of death	Gertrud Luckner (26 September 1900, Liverpool, England, UK -- 31 August 1995, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany) was a Christian social worker involved in the German resistance to Nazism.	Gertrud Luckner	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Rafael Hertzberg (18 September 1845, Turku -- 5 December 1896, Helsinki) was a Finland-Swedish writer, translator, historian, businessman, inventor and publicist.	Rafael Hertzberg	Helsinki
place of death	Stepan Vytvytskyi or Dr. Stepan Wytwycky (Ukrainian: Степан Витвицький) (13 March 1884 near Stanislawow -- 9 October 1965 in New York City, United States) was a Ukrainian politician, diplomat, and journalist.	Stepan Vytvytskyi	New York City
place of death	Adolf Schinnerer (15 September 1876 in Schwarzenbach an der Saale -- 30 January 1949 in Ottershausen, part of Haimhausen in Oberbayern) was a German artist, active in painting, drawing and graphic design.	Adolf Schinnerer	Haimhausen
place of death	Ignacio Bernal (February 13, 1910 in Paris - January 24, 1992 in Mexico City) was an eminent Mexican anthropologist and archaeologist.	Ignacio Bernal	Mexico City
place of death	Petro Yukhymovych Vesklyarov (Ukrainian: Вескляров Петро Юхимович) better known by his nickname Did Panas (Ukrainian: дід Панас) (born June 10 (O.S. May 28) 1911 in Talne, Ukraine - died January 5, 1994 in Kiev) was a Ukrainian theater and television actor.	Did Panas	Kiev
place of death	Heinrich Escher (* July 26, 1626; † April 20, 1710) was mayor of the City and Republic of Zürich at the turn of the 18th Century.	Heinrich Escher	Zürich
place of death	Armand Lohikoski (January 3, 1912 in Astoria, Oregon, United States -- March 20, 2005 in Helsinki) was an American born - Finnish movie director and writer.	Armand Lohikoski	Helsinki
place of death	Raniero Panzieri (1921 -- Turin, 9 October 1964) was an Italian politician, writer and Marxist theoretician, considered as the founder of operaismo.	Raniero Panzieri	Turin
place of death	Arthur Kampf (26 September 1864, Aachen -- 8 February 1950, Castrop-Rauxel) was a German history painter.	Arthur Kampf	Castrop-Rauxel
place of death	Mario Szenessy (born September 14, 1930 in Veliki Bečkerek, Yugoslavia (today Zrenjanin, Serbia) - died October 11, 1976 in Pinneberg, Germany) was a Hungarian-German author, translator, and literary critic.	Mario Szenessy	Pinneberg
place of death	Cornelia van der Gon (1644 -- 1701) was an owner of a show-dollhouse that attracted a following in Amsterdam in the 17th century.	Cornelia van der Gon	Amsterdam
place of death	Willy Tröger (2 October 1928 in Zwickau -- 30 March 2004 in Pirna) was a German footballer who played as a striker, spending his entire career with Wismut Aue, and making 15 appearances for the East Germany national team.	Willy Tröger	Pirna
position held	Jonathan Sayeed (born 20 March 1948) is a British politician who was a Conservative Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom from 1983 to 1992 and from 1997 to 2005.	Jonathan Sayeed	Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom
position played on team / speciality	Milton da Cruz (born 1 August 1957), known as Milton Cruz, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a forward, and the current manager of São Paulo.	Milton Cruz	forward
publication date	Flawless Life is a 2012 Turkish animated short film written and directed by Özgül Gürbüz.	Flawless Life	2012
publication date	Charlie Says (French: Selon Charlie) is a 2006 French drama film.	Charlie Says	2006
publication date	Miss Leelavathi (Kannada: ಮಿಸ್ ಲೀಲಾವತಿ) is a 1965 Indian Kannada language film directed by M. R. Vittal and written by Korati Srinivasa Rao.	Miss Leelavathi	1965
publication date	Understanding Privacy is a 2008 book on privacy by Daniel J. Solove.	Understanding Privacy	2008
publication date	The Italian Key is a 2011 film directed and written by Rosa Karo.	The Italian Key	2011
publication date	Duct Tape Forever is a 2002 comedy film based on The Red Green Show.	Duct Tape Forever	2002
publication date	In the Wee Wee Hours... is a 1987 American short documentary film about homeless people in Los Angeles, directed by Izak Ben-Meir.	In the Wee Wee Hours...	1987
publication date	Konservy (2007) (Tins, Russian: Консервы) is a film about a journalist who possesses information on uranium sales and is set up by his enemies and sent to prison.	Konservy	2007
publication date	Lilly Turner is a 1933 American Pre-Code melodrama about a woman who marries a bigamist, then a drunk, and falls in love with another man, all while working at a carnival.	Lilly Turner	1933
publication date	Julstämning is a 1990 Christmas album by Loa Falkman.	Julstämning	1990
publication date	Christmas Icetastrophe (also titled Icetastrophe) is a 2014 American made for television disaster film directed by Jonathan Winfrey.	Christmas Icetastrophe	2014
publication date	Maa Beti (English: Mother Daughter) is a 1987 Indian Family drama film starring Bollywood actors Shashi Kapoor, Sharmila Tagore and Meenakshi Sheshadri in the lead roles.	Maa Beti	1987
publication date	Steel Frontier is a 1995 science fiction film set in a post-apocalyptic Weird West.	Steel Frontier	1995
publication date	William Shatner's TekWar is a 1995 first-person shooter video game derived from the TekWar series of novels created by William Shatner and ghost-written by science-fiction author Ron Goulart.	William Shatner's TekWar	1995
publication date	Ab Dilli Dur Nahin (Hindi: अब दिल्ली दुर् नहीं) is a 1957 Bollywood film directed by Amar Kumar and written by Rajinder Singh Bedi and Muhafiz Hyder.	Ab Dilli Dur Nahin	1957
publication date	The Milagro Beanfield War is a 1988 American drama film based on the John Nichols novel of the same name.	The Milagro Beanfield War	1988
publication date	The Pocket Guide to British Birds is a guide written by British naturalist and expert on wild flowers Richard Sidney Richmond Fitter, and illustrated by Richard Richardson, which was first published by Collins in 1952.	The Pocket Guide to British Birds	1952
publication date	Sullan (Tamil: சுள்ளான்) is an Indian Tamil film released in 2004 with a soundtrack written by Vidyasagar.	Sullan	2004
publication date	I'm Not Harry Jenson is a micro-budget theatrical New Zealand film released in 2009.	I'm Not Harry Jenson	2009
publication date	Orkkuka Vallappozhum/Remember Once awhile is a Malayalam movie released in 2009.	Orkkuka Vallappozhum	2009
publication date	Bring mich nach Hause (English: Take Me Home) is the fourth studio album by the German band Wir sind Helden, released on 27 August 2010.	Bring mich nach Hause	27 August 2010
publication date	My Four Years in Germany is a 1918 American silent war drama film that is notable as being the first film produced by the four Warner Brothers, Harry, Sam, Albert, and Jack.	My Four Years in Germany	1918
publication date	Retrospektivt collage is a 1985 compilation album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla.	Retrospektivt collage	1985
publication date	They Learned About Women is a 1930 American Pre-Code sports drama musical film with a Technicolor sequence.	They Learned About Women	1930
publication date	King of the Damned is a 1935 British prison film directed by Walter Forde and starring Conrad Veidt, Helen Vinson, Noah Beery and Cecil Ramage.	King of the Damned	1935
publication date	In April 2009, Denters confirmed on Dutch radio station Radio 538 that her debut album, Outta Here, would be released on 22 May 2009, also confirming that the album is a mix of pop and R&B with both ballads, and uptempo tracks.	Outta Here	22 May 2009
publication date	The Disputed Vote of Mr. Cayo is a 1986 Spanish film directed by Antonio Giménez-Rico.	The Disputed Vote of Mr. Cayo	1986
publication date	The Musician's Handbook is a music business book first published in 2003 by Billboard Books with the revised edition released in 2008 by Random House.	The Musician's Handbook	2008
publication date	The first version of The Kalevala (called The Old Kalevala) was published in 1835.	Kalevala	1835
publication date	Toxic Zombies (also known as Bloodeaters and Forest of Fear) is a 1980 horror film directed by Charles McCrann, who also acted in the film.	Toxic Zombies	1980
publication date	'A Canção da Saudade' is a 1964 Portuguese black-and-white film.	A Canção da Saudade	1964
publication date	The Medico of Painted Springs (also known as Doctor's Alibi) is a 1941 American western film produced by Columbia Pictures.	The Medico of Painted Springs	1941
publication date	Love Khichdi (Hindi: लव खिचडी) is a romantic comedy Hindi film, directed by Srinivas Bhashyam The film released on 28 August 2009.	Love Khichdi	2009
publication date	Hamara Ghar (Our House) is a 1964 Hindi social drama film directed by K. A. Abbas for his ``Naya Sansar'' banner.	Hamara Ghar	1964
publication date	``The Needle and the Damage Done'' first appeared on the Harvest album in 1972.	The Needle and the Damage Done	1972
publication date	Flatfoot in Hong Kong (original title: Piedone a Hong Kong and also known as Flatfoot Goes East) is a 1975 crime comedy film.	Flatfoot in Hong Kong	1975
publication date	Payyans is a 2011 Malayalam family drama film written and directed by Leo Thaddeus.	Payyans	2011
publication date	Between the Folds is a 2008 film documentary about origami.	Between the Folds	2008
publication date	Sex Lives of the Potato Men is a British comedy film released in 2004.	Sex Lives of the Potato Men	2004
publication date	Daffy Doodles is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon featuring Daffy Duck and Porky Pig, produced in 1945, and released in 1946.	Daffy Doodles	1946
publication date	The World of Goopi and Bagha (গুপী গাইন বাঘা বাইন, Goopi Gawaiya Bagha Bajaiya) is a 2013 Indian animated film.	The World of Goopi and Bagha	2013
publication date	Ennai Thalatta Varuvala (Tamil: என்னை தாலாட்ட வருவாளா; English: Will She Come to Cradle Me?) is 2003 Tamil film directed by K. S. Ravindran and produced by P. M. Vedimuthu, who also wrote the story.	Ennai Thalatta Varuvala	2003
publication date	Merry Mavericks was filmed June 13--16, 1950, but not released until September 1951.	Merry Mavericks	1951
publication date	Muž, který stoupl v ceně is a 1967 Czechoslovak film directed by Jan Moravec and Zdeněk Podskalský.	Muž, který stoupl v ceně	1967
publication date	Mynaa (Tamil: மைனா; 'Myna; Telugu: Prema Khaidhi') is a 2010 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed and written by Prabu Solomon.	Mynaa	2010
publication date	Catfish in Black Bean Sauce is a 1999 comedy-drama film about a Vietnamese brother and sister raised by an African American couple.	Catfish in Black Bean Sauce	1999
publication date	Coyote Summer is a 1996 American family film about a troubled teenager spending the summer on a horse ranch.	Coyote Summer	1996
publication date	Parasangada Gendethimma (Kannada: ಪರಸಂಗದ ಗೆಂಡೆತಿಮ್ಮ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada language comedy-drama film directed by Maruthi Shivram, based on a novel of the same by Srikrishna Alanahalli.	Parasangada Gendethimma	1978
publication date	A Arte de Amar Bem (also known as A Arte de Amar... Bem) it is a Brazilian comedy film released in 1970, in three episodes, directed by Fernando de Barros.	A Arte de Amar Bem	1970
publication date	My Mother Was Never a Kid is an American television teen fantasy/comedy/drama that aired as an ABC Afterschool Special on March 16, 1981.	My Mother Was Never a Kid	1981
publication date	Hare Trimmed is a 1953 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies short directed by Friz Freleng and written by Warren Foster, which features Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam voiced by Mel Blanc, and Granny voiced by Bea Benaderet.	Hare Trimmed	1953
publication date	The Sleeping City is a 1950 film noir, shot in semidocumentary style set in and shot at New York's Bellevue Hospital.	The Sleeping City	1950
publication date	Kokoda Crescent is a 1988 Australian film about World War Two veterans who seek revenge against the drug pushers responsible for the death of one of their grandchildren.	Kokoda Crescent	1988
publication date	Double Whoopee is a 1929 Hal Roach Studios silent short comedy starring Laurel and Hardy.	Double Whoopee	1929
publication date	La Operación is a 1982 short documentary film by Ana María García about US-imposed sterilization policies in Puerto Rico, exploring the mass sterilization of Puerto Rican women during the 50s and 60s.	La Operación	1982
publication date	Mr. Marumakan (English Translation: Mr. Son in law) is a 2012 Malayalam comedy-family drama film written by the duo Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas and directed by Sandhya Mohan.	Mr. Marumakan	2012
publication date	Seven Something (Thai: รัก 7 ปี ดี 7 หน; rtgs: Rak Chet Pi Di Chet Hon) is a 2012 Thai drama romance film directed by Jira Maligool, Adisorn Trisirikasem and Paween Purikitpanya.	Seven Something	2012
publication date	Kakabakaba Ka Ba? (English: Does Your Heart Beat Faster?) is a 1980 musical-romantic comedy film produced by LVN Pictures (in its last offering) in 1980, with Mike de Leon as director.	Kakabakaba Ka Ba?	1980
publication date	Toy Story That Time Forgot is a Christmas-themed 22-minute television special that aired on ABC on December 2, 2014.	Toy Story That Time Forgot	2014
publication date	The Revised Standard Reference Guide to Indian Paper Money is a 2012 book by Rezwan Razack and Kishore Jhunjhunwalla.	The Revised Standard Reference Guide to Indian Paper Money	2012
publication date	Night of the Hell Hamsters is a 2006 comedy horror short film in which demonic possessed hamsters terrorize a young babysitter and her boyfriend.	Night of the Hell Hamsters	2006
publication date	The Book of Lost Tales 1 (1983) and The Book of Lost Tales 2 (1984), but this is simply an editorial division.	The Book of Lost Tales	1983
publication date	The Romance of an American Duchess is a 1915 American short silent drama film starring Richard C. Travers.	The Romance of an American Duchess	1915
publication date	The Gay Anties is a Merrie Melodies cartoon short, produced by Warner Bros., directed by Friz Freleng and written by Michael Maltese and Tedd Pierce, and released February 15, 1947.	The Gay Anties	1947
publication date	Nam's Angels is a 1970 action film, that was filmed in the Philippines.	Nam's Angels	1970
publication date	Hamari Yaad Aayegi (You Will Remember Me) is a 1961 Hindi romantic drama film written and directed by Kidar Sharma.	Hamari Yaad Aayegi	1961
publication date	Ramalayam (Telugu: రామాలయం) is a 1971 Telugu drama film.	Ramalayam	1971
publication date	Veruthe Nuna Parayaruthu is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film directed by S Ramesan Nair.	Veruthe Nuna Parayaruthu	1996
publication date	Baari Tar Bangla is a 2014 Indian Bengali language satirical comedy film by Rangan Chakravarty and produced by Satrajit Sen and Piyal Bhadra in association with Reproduction Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. and Tripod Entertainment.	Baari Tar Bangla	2014
publication date	Five Aces is a 1999 black comedy/drama film written, produced and directed by David Michael O'Neill.	Five Aces	1999
publication date	Portrait of the Fighter as a Young Man (Romanian: Portretul luptătorului la tinereţe) is a 2010 Romanian drama film directed by Constantin Popescu Jr. It was released at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.	Portrait of the Fighter as a Young Man	2010
publication date	Kaun Apna Kaun Paraya is a 1963 Hindi film starring Waheeda Rehman in the lead role.	Kaun Apna Kaun Paraya	1963
publication date	Nalla Pattukare is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by M. S. Sivachandran starring Vijay Madhav in the lead role.	Nalla Pattukare	2010
publication date	The Unusual Youth (Chinese: 非常青春期) is a 2005 Hong Kong teen comedy-drama film centering on five disillusioned Hong Kong teenagers living on the island of Cheung Chau as they try to deal with life in spite of family backgrounds.	The Unusual Youth	2005
publication date	Jack the Giant Slayer (previously titled Jack the Giant Killer) is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film based on the British fairy tales ``Jack the Giant Killer'' and ``Jack and the Beanstalk''.	Jack the Giant Slayer	2013
publication date	3000 Miles is a 2007 documentary film, filmed during the 2006 Gumball 3000 rally.	3000 Miles	2007
publication date	Nancy, Please is a 2012 American drama film directed by Andrew Semans.	Nancy, Please	2012
publication date	Dr. Plummet's House of Flux is a computer game developed by MicroIllusions in 1989 for the Amiga.	Dr. Plummet's House of Flux	1989
publication date	Splinterheads is a 2009 romantic comedy film written and directed by Brant Sersen.	Splinterheads	2009
publication date	The Piano in a Factory (Chinese: 钢的琴:一个时代的挽歌) is 2010 Chinese drama film.	The Piano in a Factory	2010
publication date	The book was made into a film also called We of the Never Never in 1982 and shot on location in the Northern Territory - the setting of the novel.	We of the Never Never	1982
publication date	Ossessione (English: Obsession) is an Italian 1943 film based on the novel The Postman Always Rings Twice, by James M. Cain.	Ossessione	1943
publication date	Yarukku Maappillai Yaro (Tamil: யாருக்கு மாப்பிள்ளை யாரோ) is a 1975 Indian Tamil film, directed by S. P. Muthuraman and produced by A. Nanjappan.	Yarukku Maappillai Yaro	1975
publication date	Craigslist Joe is a 2012 documentary film that follows Joseph Garner for a month of travel across the United States, solely supporting himself via contacting people on the website Craigslist.	Craigslist Joe	2012
publication date	Navagatharkku Swagatham is a 2012 Malayalam campus-based film written by Kalavoor Ravikumar and directed by Jayakrishna Karanavar.	Navagatharkku Swagatham	2012
publication date	All God's Creatures is an American romantic thriller feature-length film distributed by Osiris Entertainment that premiered at the 2011 Hoboken International Film Festival on June 4, 2011.	All God's Creatures	2011
publication date	Vildhallon,(English: Wild raspberry) is a music album recorded by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk in 1979.	Vildhallon	1979
publication date	Hop, the Devil's Brew is a 1916 American silent film directed by Lois Weber and Phillips Smalley.	Hop, the Devil's Brew	1916
publication date	First published by Macmillan of Canada in 1985, What's Bred in the Bone was on the short list for the 1986 Booker Prize.	What's Bred in the Bone	1985
publication date	The first collected edition of Llana of Gathol was published in 1948.	Llana of Gathol	1948
publication date	Rakhtbeej is a Bollywood political thriller movie directed by Anil Ballani, released in 2012.	Rakhtbeej	2012
publication date	Kaydyacha Bola (Marathi: काय द्याच बोला)is a Marathi movie released on 4 November 2005.	Kaydyacha Bola	2005
publication date	The Legend of Bhagat Singh is a 2002 Indian historical biographical film about Bhagat Singh, a freedom fighter who fought for Indian independence.	The Legend of Bhagat Singh	2002
publication date	Wishing Stairs (Hangul: 여고괴담 3: 여우계단; RR: Yeogogoedam 3: Yeowoogyedam; also known as Whispering Corridors 3: Wishing Stairs) is a 2003 South Korean horror film.	Wishing Stairs	2003
publication date	Thuppakki (English: The Gun) is a 2012 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by AR Murugadoss.	Thuppakki	2012
publication date	War on a String (Chinese: 悬战) is a 2015 Chinese suspense crime action film directed by Li Kai.	War on a String	2015
publication date	Letto a tre piazze (transdlation: The King-Sized Bed) is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.	Letto a tre piazze	1960
publication date	One More Train to Rob is a 1971 comedy western film directed by Andrew McLaglen.	One More Train to Rob	1971
publication date	On 2 March 2008, The Englishman's Boy premiered as a made for television film on CBC with a budget of $11.7 million.	The Englishman's Boy	2008
publication date	Vad man gör (och inte gör) is a 1997 studio album by Idde Schultz.	Vad man gör (och inte gör)	1997
publication date	The Pandora Project is an action thriller film released in 1998.	The Pandora Project	1998
publication date	Damon's Law (also known as The Rutherford County Line) is a 1987 American action film that follows the events and criminal cases that Sheriff Damon Huskey encounters while working for Rutherford County, North Carolina.	Damon's Law	1987
publication date	Beloved Jim is a lost 1917 American silent drama film produced and released by Universal Film Manufacturing Company.	Beloved Jim	1917
publication date	Half a Dozen Babies (Life's Little Struggles) is a 1999 American drama ABC Family TV film.	Half a Dozen Babies	1999
publication date	Ebbtide is a 1994 Australian film made for US television.	Ebbtide	1994
publication date	Beyond the Door III, also known as Amok Train and Death Train, is a 1989 Italian horror film directed by Jeff Kwitny.	Beyond the Door III	1989
publication date	Ravex in Tezuka World is a 2009 18-minute anime short film by Japanese band Ravex.	Ravex in Tezuka World	2009
publication date	The first film directed by Brass, Ça ira - Il fiume della rivolta was produced in 1962 but it could be premiered at the Venice Film Festival in September 1964, to see theatrical release in December.	Ça ira - Il fiume della rivolta	1964
publication date	Mile Post 398 is a 2007 independent drama film written, directed and produced by Shonie and Andee De La Rosa, it is also the first featured film in cinema history that an all-Navajo team wrote, produced, directed, filmed and starred in.	Mile Post 398	2007
publication date	Vikadakavi is a 2011 Tamil comedy film directed by G. Krishnan, a former sound engineer.	Vikadakavi	2011
publication date	Purana Mandir (Hindi for The Old Temple) is a 1984 Hindi feature film, produced and directed by the Ramsay brothers.	Purana Mandir	1984
publication date	Expired is a 2007 comedy-drama film and the first writer-director credit for Cecilia Miniucchi, whose previous credits include the documentary on the work of artist Hermann Nitsch entitled Nitsch 1998.	Expired	2007
publication date	Cab Calloway's Hi-De-Ho (also known as Hi-De-Ho) is a 1934 American musical short film.	Cab Calloway's Hi-De-Ho	1934
publication date	Stavisky... is a 1974 French film drama based on the life of the financier and embezzler Alexandre Stavisky and the circumstances leading to his mysterious death in 1934.	Stavisky	1974
publication date	The Kind Words (Hebrew: המילים הטובות‎) is a 2015 Israeli drama film directed by Shemi Zarhin.	The Kind Words	2015
publication date	Boy Called Twist, is a 2004 film that tells the story of a Cape Town street kid, based on Dickens'' classic, Oliver Twist.	Boy Called Twist	2004
publication date	The ABC of Sex Education for Trainables is a 1975 short educational film hosted by Richard Dix.	The ABC of Sex Education for Trainables	1975
publication date	Ek Hi Maqsad is a 1988 Social Bollywood film directed by Praveen Bhatt.	Ek Hi Maqsad	1988
publication date	The Aquarians is a 1970 American television action film directed by Don McDougall.	The Aquarians	1970
publication date	Dot and the Whale is an Australian animated film from 1986.	Dot and the Whale	1986
publication date	Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys is a 1939 children's short story written and illustrated by German-Brazilian author H.A. Rey.	Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys	1939
publication date	Flag Wars is a 2003 American documentary film about the conflict between two communities during the gentrification of a Columbus, Ohio neighborhood.	Flag Wars	2003
publication date	Attack of the Normans (Italian: I normanni) is a 1962 Italian film set in England in the early 9th century.	Attack of the Normans	1962
publication date	Killer Wave is a 2007 joint American-Canadian action-thriller TV mini-series, directed by Canadian filmmaker Bruce McDonald and written by Tedi Sarafian, George Malko, William Gray.	Killer Wave	2007
publication date	L'uomo, la bestia e la virtù (Italian pronunciation: (ˈlwɔːmo la ˈbestja e la virˈtu)), internationally released as Man, Beast and Virtue, is a 1953 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.	Man, Beast and Virtue	1953
publication date	This Thing of Ours is a crime/drama film released in 2003 starring Frank Vincent, Danny Provenzano, Edward Lynch, Vincent Pastore and James Caan.	This Thing of Ours	2003
publication date	Rathibhaavam is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P Chandrakumar, starring Dileep and Abhilasha in the lead roles.	Rathibhaavam	1989
publication date	Der Schuh des Manitu (English: Manitou's Shoe) is a 2001 German parody of western films.	Der Schuh des Manitu	2001
publication date	Girl in 313 is a 1940 American drama film directed by Ricardo Cortez and written by Barry Trivers and M. Clay Adams.	Girl in 313	1940
publication date	It Seemed Like a Good Idea at the Time is a Canadian comedy film that was released in 1975.	It Seemed Like a Good Idea at the Time	1975
publication date	Mahakavi Kshetrayya is a 1976 Telugu film based on the life of Kshetrayya.	Mahakavi Kshetrayya	1976
publication date	Le Dernier Combat (French pronunciation: ​(lə dɛʁnje kɔ̃ba), English: The Last Battle) is a 1983 post-apocalyptic French film.	Le Dernier Combat	1983
publication date	Mutilation Mile is a 2009 American horror film shot, edited, written, produced, and directed by Ron Atkins.	Mutilation Mile	2009
publication date	Chronic Bachelor is a 2003 Malayalam romantic comedy drama film about the life of Sathyaprathapan (known as SP), a bachelor as mentioned in the title.	Chronic Bachelor	2003
publication date	Beer Wars is a 2009 documentary film about the American beer industry.	Beer Wars	2009
publication date	Putin's Kiss is a 2012 documentary, directed by Lise Birk Pedersen, about Russian youth activist Masha Drokova and her experiences with the youth organisation Nashi.	Putin's Kiss	2012
publication date	Fatal Past is a 1993 Australian thriller film.	Fatal Past	1993
publication date	Kasturi Nivasa (Kannada: ಕಸ್ತೂರಿ ನಿವಾಸ, House of Fragrance) is a 1971 Indian Kannada drama film directed by the duo Dorai-Bhagavan.	Kasturi Nivasa	1971
publication date	Stonewall Uprising is a 2010 American documentary film examining the events surrounding the Stonewall riots that began during the early hours of June 28, 1969.	Stonewall Uprising	2010
publication date	La vieille qui marchait dans la mer (English: The Old Lady Who Walked in the Sea) is a 1991 French film directed by Laurent Heynemann and written by Heynemann and Dominique Roulet.	The Old Lady Who Walked in the Sea	1991
publication date	The Blakes Slept Here is a 1953 film directed by Jacques B. Brunius.	The Blakes Slept Here	1953
publication date	Star 80 is a 1983 American film about the true story of Playboy Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten, who was murdered by her estranged, Svengali-like husband Paul Snider in 1980.	Star 80	1983
publication date	Return to House on Haunted Hill is a 2007 direct-to-DVD horror film and the sequel to the 1999 film House on Haunted Hill.	Return to House on Haunted Hill	2007
publication date	Shashtri Kannada movie release 2005	Shashtri	2005
publication date	All About Evil is a 2010 American black comedy horror film written and directed by Joshua Grannell.	All About Evil	2010
publication date	The Cat Who Walked by Herself (Russian: Кошка, которая гуляла сама по себе; Koshka, kotoraya gulyala sama po sebe) is a 1988 Soviet animated feature film directed by Ideya Garanina and made at the Soyuzmultfilm studio.	The Cat Who Walked by Herself	1988
publication date	You Were Never Uglier was a June 2, 1944 comedy short subject motion picture produced by Columbia Pictures and starring Andy Clyde, Emmett Lynn, and Esther Howard.	You Were Never Uglier	1944
publication date	An Apology to Elephants is a 2013 documentary that explores purported abuse and brutal treatment of elephants.	An Apology to Elephants	2013
publication date	Mortyr 2093-1944 is a first person shooter computer game published by Interplay and developed by polish Mirage Media and released in 1999.	Mortyr	1999
publication date	Girls Rock! is a 2007 documentary film that follows four 8-18-year-old girls at the Rock and Roll Camp for Girls in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Girls Rock!	2007
publication date	Corpses Are Forever is a 2003 American psychological horror-spy thriller film written and directed by Jose Prendes.	Corpses Are Forever	2003
publication date	Aagadu was released in 100 screens across countries like Australia, United Kingdom, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates, etc. The premieres in United States were held on 18 September 2014.	Aagadu	18 September 2014
publication date	Dhanyam (Malayalam: ധന്യം) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by debutant Jayalal, starring new comers Pratheesh Nandan and Pooja in the lead roles.	Dhanyam	2012
publication date	The Insomniac is a 2009 Singaporean film noir written and directed by Madhav Mathur.	The Insomniac	2009
publication date	The Dhamma Brothers is a documentary film released in 2007 about a prison meditation program at Donaldson Correctional Facility near Bessemer, Alabama.	The Dhamma Brothers	2007
publication date	The Lizzie McGuire Movie is a 2003 American teen comedy film which was released by Walt Disney Pictures on May 2, 2003.	The Lizzie McGuire Movie	2003
publication date	Justified Action is a 1993 Australian film about the head of international security for a corporation who tracks down a Japanese businessman.	Justified Action	1993
publication date	Tales of Joujouka was first published in 1975 by the Capra Press in Santa Barbara, California.	Tales of Joujouka	1975
publication date	Temperament Unsuited is a 1978 Australian short film about a school teacher.	Temperament Unsuited	1978
publication date	Snow Blossom (Chinese: 大寒桃花开) is a 2014 Chinese romance film directed by Koan Hui.	Snow Blossom	2014
publication date	Mudhal Kadhal Mazhai is a 2010 Indian Tamil language drama film written and directed by K.R.Mathivaanan.	Mudhal Kadhal Mazhai	2010
publication date	Clancy of the Mounted (1933) is an American Pre-Code Universal movie serial based on the poem Clancy of the Mounted Police by Robert W. Service.	Clancy of the Mounted	1933
publication date	Drishtantham (English: The Vision) is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by M. P. Sukumaran Nair.	Drishtantham	2006
publication date	The Return of the Whistler is a 1948 American mystery film noir based on the radio drama The Whistler.	The Return of the Whistler	1948
publication date	Grihajuddha (English language:Crossroads) is a 1982 Bengali film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta and starring Sunil Mukherjee.	Grihajuddha	1982
publication date	How Sleep the Brave, is a 1981 Vietnam war film shot in England.	How Sleep the Brave	1981
publication date	SpiderBabe is a 2003 American made for cable erotic film.	SpiderBabe	2003
publication date	Veeradhi Veera (Kannada: ವೀರಾಧಿವೀರ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film, directed by Vijay and produced by N N Bhat.	Veeradhi Veera	1985
publication date	Reach for the Sky is a 1956 British biographical film about aviator Douglas Bader, based on the 1954 biography of the same name by Paul Brickhill.	Reach for the Sky	1956
publication date	A Reckless Romeo is a 1917 American short silent comedy film directed by and starring Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle.	A Reckless Romeo	1917
publication date	Butterfly in Grey (Khang paed) is a 2002 Thai drama film.	Butterfly in Grey	2002
publication date	Bhushan Kumar finalised 12 April 2013 for Nautanki Saala!.	Nautanki Saala!	2013
publication date	Professor Pepper's School of Good Stuff is an animated TV film that debuted in 2006, written and directed by Amy Tam.	Professor Pepper's School of Good Stuff	2006
publication date	The Video Dead is a 1987 horror comedy film written and directed by Robert Scott and starring Roxanna Augesen.	The Video Dead	1987
publication date	Spaceways is a 1953 British-American, black and white, science fiction film co-produced by Hammer Film Productions Ltd. and Lippert Productions Inc..	Spaceways	1953
publication date	``Bowling Balls'' is a song written by Esham and Joseph Bruce for Insane Clown Posse's 2004 album Hell's Pit, and the fourth single released by the group that was not produced by Mike E. Clark.	Bowling Balls	2004
publication date	Crna Zorica (Loveless Zoritsa) is a 2012 Serbian dark comedy co-directed by Hristina Hatziharalabous and Radoslav Pavković.	Crna Zorica	2012
publication date	Stone Fox was acclaimed and very popular when it was published in 1980.	Stone Fox	1980
publication date	My Wife Got Married (Hangul: 아내가 결혼했다; RR: Anaega gyeolhonhaetda) is a 2008 South Korean film.	My Wife Got Married	2008
publication date	Nathoon is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K Narayanan .	Nathoon	1974
publication date	The Kawasaki Synthesizer is a musical software tool for the Commodore 64 created in 1983 by Japanese jazz musician, Ryo Kawasaki.	Kawasaki Synthesizer	1983
publication date	Naalaya Seidhi (Tamil: நாளைய செய்தி) is a 1992 Indian Tamil film, directed by G. B. Vijay and produced by K. S. Srinivasan and K. S. Shivaraman.	Naalaya Seidhi	1992
publication date	Onde Roopa Eradu Guna (Kannada: ಒಂದೇ ರೂಪ ಎರಡು ಗುಣ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film, directed by A. M. Sameevulla and produced by A. M. Sameevulla.	Onde Roopa Eradu Guna	1975
publication date	Papelucho and the Martian (Spanish: Papelucho y el Marciano) is a feature-length Chilean animated film, created by Cine Animadores and Canal 13 Films, released on 17 May 2007.	Papelucho and the Martian	17 May 2007
publication date	Dongala Mutha was released on 18 March 2011, which was exactly 33 days after the shooting ended.	Dongala Mutha	2011
publication date	Gorko! (Russian: Горько!) is a 2013 Russian film directed by Zhora Kryzhovnikov and produced by Timur Bekmambetov, Ilya Burets, Dmitry Nelidov, Sergey Svetlakov.	Gorko!	2013
publication date	Comic Book Confidential is an American/Canadian documentary film, released in 1988.	Comic Book Confidential	1988
publication date	The Savage Woman (French: La Demoiselle sauvage) is a Canadian drama film from Quebec, released in 1991.	The Savage Woman	1991
publication date	Buddha Assassinator aka Shogun Massacre is a 1979 martial arts film directed by Chin Woo Tung, starring Korean kicker Hwang Jang Lee.	Buddha Assassinator	1979
publication date	Lost City Raiders is a 2008 made-for-television science fiction film written and directed by Jean de Segonzac.	Lost City Raiders	2008
publication date	Kids for Cash is a 2013 documentary film about the ``kids for cash'' scandal which unfolded in 2008 over judicial kickbacks in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.	Kids for Cash	2013
publication date	Bab Sebta (English: Door of Ceuta) is a Portuguese 2008 documentary film.	Bab Sebta	2008
publication date	The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald is a two-part television film shown on ABC-TV in September 1977.	The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald	1977
publication date	Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park is a 2001 North Korean film directed by Yoon Chan.	Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park	2001
publication date	Too Beautiful to Lie (Hangul: 그녀를 믿지 마세요; RR: Geunyeoreul midji maseyo; lit. ``Don't Believe Her'') is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film about a beautiful ex-con and a naive village pharmacist.	Too Beautiful to Lie	2004
publication date	Kattuvithachavan is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Rev Suvi .	Kattuvithachavan	1973
publication date	100 Films and a Funeral is both a memoir by Michael Kuhn and a 2007 documentary film adaptation by filmmaker Michael McNamara about the rise and fall of PolyGram Filmed Entertainment (PFE), the company that produced Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Usual Suspects, and Trainspotting.	100 Films and a Funeral	2007
publication date	Apartment for Peggy is a 1948 American comedy-drama film about a depressed professor whose spirits are lifted when he rents part of his home to a young couple.	Apartment for Peggy	1948
publication date	Humsey Hai Jahaan is a 2008 romance comedy Indian Bollywood film directed by Mashhoor Amrohi and produced by Tajdar Amrohi.	Humsey Hai Jahaan	2008
publication date	A Winter of Cyclists is a 2013 documentary film by Mike Prendergast.	A Winter of Cyclists	2013
publication date	Mobutu, King of Zaire (orig. French title: Mobutu, roi du Zaïre) is a 1999 documentary film about Mobutu Sese Seko, the long-time President of Zaire.	Mobutu, King of Zaire	1999
publication date	Goodbye, Miss Turlock is a 1948 American short film directed by Edward Cahn, released as one of the John Nesbitt's Passing Parade series.	Goodbye, Miss Turlock	1948
publication date	After extensive research, The White Company was published in serialized form in 1891 in Cornhill Magazine.	The White Company	1891
publication date	Evil Ed is a 1997 Swedish comedy splatter film directed by Anders Jacobsson.	Evil Ed	1997
publication date	Tales of Halloween is a 2015 American horror comedy film anthology consisting of ten interlocking segments.	Tales of Halloween	2015
publication date	We're So Young (Portuguese: Somos tão Jovens) is a 2013 Brazilian biographical drama film about Brazilian singer Renato Russo.	Somos tão Jovens	2013
publication date	Mad Nurse is a video game programmed by Simon Pick and published by Firebird Software Ltd. for the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum in 1986.	Mad Nurse	1986
publication date	Sooryachakram is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K Krishnan, starring Saikumar and Jagathy Sreekumar in the lead roles.	Sooryachakram	1992
publication date	The Batman vs. Dracula is a 2005 direct-to-video animated movie based on The Batman television series.	The Batman vs. Dracula	2005
publication date	4 Romance (Thai: ฝัน-หวาน-อาย-จูบ หรือ or Fan Waan Aai Joop) is a 2008 Thai romantic comedy, released in Thailand's cinema on December 25, 2008.	4 Romance	2008
publication date	Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry is a 1974 American car chase film based on the 1963 Richard Unekis novel titled The Chase (later renamed Pursuit).	Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry	1974
publication date	Upswept Hare is a 1952-animated Merrie Melodies cartoon released in 1953 and re-issued in 1961 as a Blue Ribbon featuring Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd.	Upswept Hare	1953
publication date	Pluto's Christmas Tree is a 1952 Mickey Mouse cartoon in which Pluto and Mickey cut down a Christmas tree that Chip n' Dale live in.	Pluto's Christmas Tree	1952
publication date	Taintlight is a 2009 American direct-to-video spoof horror film written and directed by Chris Seaver.	Taintlight	2009
publication date	Deadly Soma (Kannada: ಡೆಡ್ಲಿ ಸೋಮ) is a 2005 Kannada action - crime biographical film directed by Ravi Shrivatsa and written by Ravi Belagere.	Deadly Soma	2005
publication date	``Hotel California'' is the title track from the Eagles' album of the same name and was released as a single in February 1977.	Hotel California	February 1977
publication date	Fiend of Dope Island, also released as Whiplash, was a lurid men's adventure type motion picture filmed in 1959 and released in 1961.	Fiend of Dope Island	1959	1961
publication date	Krishna Sudhaama (Kannada: ಕೃಷ್ಣ ಸುಧಾಮ) is a 1943 Indian Kannada film, directed by K Subramanyam.	Krishna Sudhaama	1943
publication date	Children at Work (Irish: Páistí ag obair) is a 1973 Irish short documentary film produced by Louis Marcus.	Children at Work	1973
publication date	A Brewerytown Romance is a 1914 American short silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	A Brewerytown Romance	1914
publication date	The Martyrdom of Nurse Cavell is a 1916 Australian silent film about the execution of nurse Edith Cavell during World War I. Although one of the most popular Australian silent movies ever made, it is considered a lost film.	The Martyrdom of Nurse Cavell	1916
publication date	The Opposite Sex is a 1956 American musical romantic comedy film shot in Metrocolor and CinemaScope.	The Opposite Sex	1956
publication date	Mouna Poratam (The Silent War or The Silent Struggle) is a 1989 Indian drama film directed by Mohan Gandhi, starring Yamuna and Vinod Kumar, with music composed by S. Janaki.	Mouna Poratam	1989
publication date	Naan Than Bala (English: I'm Bala) is a 2014 Tamil drama film directed by Kannan and produced by J. A. Lawrence under SSS Entertainments.	Naan Than Bala	2014
publication date	My Lady Robin Hood is a 1919 American silent film short western directed by Jay Hunt and starring Texas Guinan.	My Lady Robin Hood	1919
publication date	Oru Penninte Katha is a Malayalam language film released in 1971.	Oru Penninte Katha	1971
publication date	Grizzly Falls is a film from 1999 about a boy and a bear, set in British Columbia in the early 20th century.	Grizzly Falls	1999
publication date	It's Everything, and Then It's Gone is a 2003 PBS rock music documentary.	It's Everything, and Then It's Gone	2003
publication date	Bulldog Drummond in Africa is a 1938 American crime thriller film.	Bulldog Drummond in Africa	1938
publication date	The Devil's Mirror is a 1972 Hong Kong film by the Shaw Brothers studio and the debut film of Sun Chung.	The Devil's Mirror	1972
publication date	Vedivazhipadu is a 2013 Malayalam sex comedy film scripted and directed by newcomer Shambu Purushothaman, a graduate of Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute.	Vedivazhipadu	2013
publication date	18 Hits was released by Polar Music International on 8 September 2005, and is a compilation of hits by ABBA.	18 Hits	8 September 2005
publication date	Sheep Impact is a 2010 Australian short film, starring Steven Seagal and Martin Copping that was made as an advertisement for Carlton & United Breweries.	Sheep Impact	2010
publication date	Saivar Thirumeni is a 2001 Malayalam blockbuster film directed by Shajoon Karyal.	Saivar Thirumeni	2001
publication date	More of Me is a 2007 Lifetime Television movie, starring Molly Shannon and directed by Daisy von Scherler Mayer.	More of Me	2007
publication date	I Accuse My Parents is a 1944 American exploitation film dealing with juvenile delinquency.	I Accuse My Parents	1944
publication date	Supaplex is a video game created by Philip Jespersen and Michael Stopp, two Swiss students, and published by Digital Integration in 1991.	Supaplex	1991
publication date	Don't Just Lie There, Say Something! is a 1973 British film based on the popular ``Whitehall Farce'' written by Michael Pertwee, who also wrote the screenplay.	Don't Just Lie There, Say Something!	1973
publication date	Namu, the Killer Whale (re-issued as Namu, My Best Friend) is a 1966 American film about a killer whale (orca) being studied by a local marine biologist and initially feared by local townspeople.	Namu, the Killer Whale	1966
publication date	Luitok Bhetibo Kune (Assamese: লুইতক ভেটিব কোনে) is a 2013 Assamese drama film directed by Prabin Bora, with his own screenplay and produced by himself under the banner of Bistirna Films.	Luitok Bhetibo Kune	2013
publication date	In the Light of the Moon (released in the United States and Australia in 2001 as Ed Gein) is a 2000 Spanish and Portuguese film that chronicles the life of American graverobber and murderer Ed Gein.	In the Light of the Moon	2001
publication date	The Magic Bow is a 1946 British musical film based on the life of the Italian violinist and composer Niccolò Paganini.	The Magic Bow	1946
publication date	Slaughter Studios is a 2002 comedy/horror film.	Slaughter Studios	2002
publication date	A Collection of Great Dance Songs is a compilation album by Pink Floyd released on 23 November 1981 on Harvest in the United Kingdom and on Columbia Records in the United States.	A Collection of Great Dance Songs	23 November 1981
publication date	``Octopus'' was released as a single in November 1969 and The Madcap Laughs followed on 3 January 1970.	The Madcap Laughs	3 January 1970
publication date	Samson and His Mighty Challenge is an Italian sword-and-sandal film, released in 1964 at the tail end of the peplum craze.	Samson and His Mighty Challenge	1964
publication date	Shree Pundalik, which was released on 18 May 1912 at the Coronation Cinematograph, Girgaum, Mumbai, is recognised as the first feature-length Indian film.	Shree Pundalik	1912
publication date	The Emperor and the Golem (Czech: Císařův pekař a pekařův císař - ``Emperor's baker and baker's emperor'' literally) is a two-part Czech historical comedy film produced in 1951.	The Emperor and the Golem	1951
publication date	Kill Me Please is a 2010 French-Belgian comedy film directed by Olias Barco.	Kill Me Please	2010
publication date	Evaraina Epudaina ( English: Anyone Anytime) is a 2009 Telugu romantic comedy film directed and written by Marthand K Shankar.	Evaraina Epudaina	2009
publication date	Ernst, Bobbie, en de geslepen Onix (English translation: Ernest, Bobby, and the Sharpened Onyx) is a 2007 Dutch children's film.	Ernst, Bobbie, en de geslepen Onix	2007
publication date	It's Trad, Dad! (1962), known in the U.S. as Ring-A-Ding Rhythm, is a musical comedy featuring a variety of jazz and some rock and roll acts.	It's Trad, Dad!	1962
publication date	Whispering Corridors (Hangul: 여고괴담; RR: Yeogogoedam) is a 1998 South Korean horror film.	Whispering Corridors	1998
publication date	Pray for the Wildcats is a 1974 U.S. television film that originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week.	Pray for the Wildcats	1974
publication date	Kotti is a 2010 Indian Tamil language drama film written and directed by Sivan and produced by Anjana Cinemas .	Kotti	2010
publication date	Crossing the Threshold of Hope was written in 1994 by Pope John Paul II. It was published originally in Italian by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore and in English by Alfrede A. Knopf, Inc. It is distributed by Random House, Inc., New York City.	Crossing the Threshold of Hope	1994
publication date	Ajeya is a 1985 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed and co-produced by Siddalingaiah and based on the novel of the same name written by B. L. Venu.	Ajeya	1985
publication date	Line Bus is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by KS Sethumadhavan and produced by CC Baby.	Line Bus	1971
publication date	Pannaiyarum Padminiyum (English: The Landlord and Padmini) is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy-drama film based on the same-titled short film directed by debutant S. U. Arun Kumar of Naalaya Iyakunar fame.	Pannaiyarum Padminiyum	2014
publication date	Released in 2005, it is based on the plays Ninette y un señor de Murcia and Ninette, modas de París by Miguel Mihura.	Ninette	2005
publication date	MSG-2 The Messenger is an Indian action film directed by Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh and Jeetu Arora released on 18 September 2015.	MSG-2 The Messenger	2015
publication date	Burning Secret is a 1988 drama film, based on the short story Brennendes Geheimnis by Stefan Zweig, about an American diplomat's son who befriends a mysterious baron while staying at an Austrian spa during the 1920s.	Burning Secret	1988
publication date	Bigger Than Tina is a 1999 Australian film about a young man obsessed with Tina Arena.	Bigger Than Tina	1999
publication date	Terkel in Trouble (Danish: Terkel i knibe; a.k.a. The Trouble with Terkel) is a 2004 Danish computer-animated/adult animated mystery thriller romantic comedy-drama musical film.	Terkel in Trouble	2004
publication date	Rajmata Jijau (Marathi: राजमाता जिजाऊ) is a 2011 Marathi language film based upon the life of Jijabai, mother of the 17th century Maratha king Shivaji, as told in Madan Patil's historical novel Jijausaheb.	Rajmata Jijau	2011
publication date	Arriba las mujeres (English: Top Women) is a 1943 Mexican film.	Arriba las mujeres	1943
publication date	A Splendid Hazard is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Henry B. Walthall.	A Splendid Hazard	1920
publication date	Detention of the Dead is a 2012 zombie comedy-horror film written and directed by Alex Craig Mann based upon the Rob Rinow stage play of the same name.	Detention of the Dead	2012
publication date	Cherry on the Cake (French: La cerise sur le gâteau, Italian: Ciliegine) is a 2012 French-Italian romantic comedy film.	Cherry on the Cake	2012
publication date	Sette scialli di seta gialla (International title: Crimes of the Black Cat) is a 1972 giallo film.	Sette scialli di seta gialla	1972
publication date	The Lightning Express is a 1930 American Universal film serial.	The Lightning Express	1930
publication date	The Linguists is an independent 2008 American documentary film produced by Ironbound Films about language extinction and language documentation.	The Linguists	2008
publication date	About Fifty (also known as Fifty-nothing) is a 2011 independent comedy film written by Thomas Johnston and Drew Pillsbury.	About Fifty	2011
publication date	Since Pearl Harbor is a 1943 short documentary film commissioned by the United States Government during World War II. It is a ``report to the American People'' regarding the wartime activities of the American Red Cross since the Attack on Pearl Harbor.	Since Pearl Harbor	1943
publication date	Spanish Movie is a 2009 Spanish parody musical film directed by Javier Ruiz Caldera and written by Paco Cabezas.	Spanish Movie	2009
publication date	Ring of Spies (also known as Ring of Treason) is a 1964 British spy film based on the real-life case of the Portland Spy Ring, whose activities prompted ``Reds under the bed'' scare stories in the British popular press in the early 1960s.	Ring of Spies	1964
publication date	Screams of a Winter Night is a 1979 American anthology horror film.	Screams of a Winter Night	1979
publication date	Dasepo Naughty Girls (Hangul: 다세포 소녀; RR: Dasepo sonyo; lit. ``Dasepo Girl'' or ``Multi-cell Girl'') is a 2006 South Korean musical comedy film.	Dasepo Naughty Girls	2006
publication date	Until the Light Takes Us is a 2008 American documentary film about Norwegian black metal by the directors Aaron Aites and Audrey Ewell.	Until the Light Takes Us	2008
publication date	Ma Mère (English: My Mother) is a French-Austrian-Portuguese-Spanish 2004 film about the fictional story of an incestuous relationship between a 17-year-old boy and his attractive, promiscuous, 43-year-old mother.	Ma Mère	2004
publication date	Apocalipsis 13 (English language:Apocalypse 13) is a 2003 Argentine black and white drama film directed and written by Óscar Aizpeolea.	Apocalipsis 13	2003
publication date	3 Minutes is an action-oriented short film that was released on January 10, 2011.	3 Minutes	2011
publication date	Gospel Principles was first published in English in 1978.	Gospel Principles	1978
publication date	Every Sunday (sometimes incorrectly listed as Every Sunday Afternoon or Opera vs. Jazz) is a 1936 American short musical film.	Every Sunday	1936
publication date	Alluda Majaka is a 1995 Tollywood action-comedy film produced by Devi Vara Prasad under the Devi Films banner.	Alluda Majaka	1995
record label	Rev It Up is the second album by American hard rock band Vixen, released by EMI in 1990.	Rev It Up	EMI
record label	Finally Free is the fourth album of Lebanese-Canadian artist Karl Wolf released on 10 July 2012 after Face Behind the Face (2006), Bite the Bullet (2007) and Nightlife (2009).	Finally Free	Karl Wolf
record label	Faux mouvement, an album by Autour de Lucie, was released in 2001 on the Nettwerk label.	Faux mouvement	Nettwerk
record label	``Move (If You Wanna)'' is the official first single from Mims' second studio album, Guilt..	Move (If You Wanna)	Mims
record label	Hard Hat Area is the eighth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1993 through Polydor Records (Japan), JMS--	Hard Hat Area	Polydor Records
record label	Twice Removed is the second album by Canadian rock band Sloan, released on Geffen Records in 1994.	Twice Removed	Geffen Records
record label	``Can I Get a Witness'' is a song composed by Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier and Eddie Holland and produced by Brian Holland and Lamont Dozier as a song for American recording vocalist Marvin Gaye, who issued the record on Motown's Tamla imprint in September 1963.	Can I Get a Witness	Motown
record label	C. W. McCall & Co. is country musician C. W. McCall's sixth and last album of original songs, released on Polydor Records in 1979 (see 1979 in music), before McCall (or, more accurately, Bill Fries, the man playing his role) announced his retirement from the music industry.	C. W. McCall & Co.	Polydor Records
record label	Fambly 42 is the fourth studio album by San Pedro-based punk band Toys That Kill, released on May 15, 2012 on Recess Records.	Fambly 42	Recess Records
record label	Bury Me in My Rings is the third album by indie band The Elected which was released on 17 May 2011 by Vagrant Records.	Bury Me in My Rings	Vagrant Records
record label	Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps), also known simply as Scary Monsters, is the fourteenth studio album by David Bowie, released in September 1980 by RCA Records.	Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps)	RCA Records
record label	One Bad Habit is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks, released in 1980 by Warner Bros. Records.	One Bad Habit	Warner Bros. Records
record label	The Runners Four is the seventh album by the band Deerhoof, released on October 11, 2005 by Kill Rock Stars, ATP Recordings and 5 Rue Christine.	The Runners Four	Kill Rock Stars	ATP Recordings
record label	The Else is the tenth studio album by rock group They Might Be Giants, released by Idlewild Records in 2007.	The Else	They Might Be Giants
record label	``You Better Sit Down Kids''' is a major hit single release by American singer/actress Cher in 1967 from her fourth studio album With Love, Chér, released on November 1967 by Imperial Records.	You Better Sit Down Kids	Imperial Records
record label	Optimystique is the debut studio album by Keyboardist Yanni, released on Atlantic Records label in 1984 and again on the Private Music label in 1989 (see 1984 in music).	Optimystique	Private Music
record label	Hellig Usvart is the debut album by Australian unblack metal band Horde, released in 1994 on Nuclear Blast Records.	Hellig Usvart	Nuclear Blast
record label	Gimme Some is the sixth album by Peter Bjorn and John, was released March 28, 2011 in the UK, Europe, and rest of the world on Cooking Vinyl and March 29 in the US on Startime International.	Gimme Some	Cooking Vinyl
record label	Love Is Rain is the seventh full-length studio album released by American band The Badlees.	Love Is Rain	The Badlees
record label	A Woman and a Man is the sixth studio album by American singer Belinda Carlisle, released in the United Kingdom on September 23, 1996 by Chrysalis Records (then part of the EMI Group, like Carlisle's former label Virgin Records).	A Woman and a Man	Chrysalis Records
record label	``Shadow on the Wall'' is a single by musician Mike Oldfield, released in 1983 by Virgin Records.	Shadow on the Wall	Virgin Records
record label	``(You Can) Depend on Me'' (TAMLA 54028), was a 1959 song by Motown Records group The Miracles, which also appeared on the group's first album, Hi...	(You Can) Depend on Me	Motown
record label	The collaboration between Perry and Dr. Luke was set up by record executives at Capitol Records, who felt that One of the Boys was lacking an ``undeniable smash or two'' at the time, and the two co-wrote ``I Kissed a Girl'' and ``Hot n Cold'' as a result.	Hot n Cold	Capitol Records
record label	Gregory Pepper is an indie pop artist based in Guelph, Ontario and signed to Fake Four Inc.	Gregory Pepper	Fake Four Inc.
record label	'69 Newport was unofficially released in March 1993 under the label Very Small Records.	'69 Newport	Very Small Records
record label	Criteria for a Black Widow is the seventh studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Annihilator, released on June 1, 1999 by Roadrunner Records.	Criteria for a Black Widow	Roadrunner Records
record label	King Cole for Kids is an album by jazz pianist Nat King Cole, released by the Capitol Records label.	King Cole for Kids	Capitol Records
record label	``Shinin' Star'' was a 1,000-copy limited single released by artist Shion Miyawaki under label Rhythm Zone.	Shinin' Star	Rhythm Zone
record label	7`` vinyl - EMI (Japan) ''Symphony in Blue`` -- 3:36 ''Fullhouse`` -- 3:14 7'' vinyl - Harvest (Canada) ``Symphony in Blue'' -- 3:36 ``Hammer Horror -- 4:37	Symphony in Blue	EMI
record label	The Electrifying Aretha Franklin is the third studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin, Released on March 19, 1962 by Columbia Records.	The Electrifying Aretha Franklin	Columbia Records
record label	Quiet Mouth Loud Hands is the second full-length album from Equal Vision Records recording artists Damiera.	Quiet Mouth Loud Hands	Equal Vision Records
record label	The Best of Led Zeppelin is a two-volume greatest hits compilation album series by English rock group Led Zeppelin released by Atlantic Records.	The Best of Led Zeppelin	Atlantic Records
record label	``That's No Way to Tell a Lie'' is the debut single by Manic Street Preachers vocalist/guitarist James Dean Bradfield, released on 10 July 2006 on Columbia Records.	That's No Way to Tell a Lie	Columbia Records
record label	Because Capitol Records' version of the Help! album included only the songs that appeared in the film Help!, plus incidental music from the film, the label held back ``Yesterday'' and ``Act Naturally'' and issued them as a non-LP single.	Act Naturally	Capitol Records
record label	Secret Handshakes is Chicago rock-band Tub Ring's 6th album, and their second on The End Records.	Secret Handshakes	The End Records
record label	Unveiling the Wicked is the fourth studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter, released through Music for Nations in 1986 and reissued through Megaforce Records in 2005..	Unveiling the Wicked	Music for Nations
record label	Never Trust a Pretty Face is the third studio album by French singer Amanda Lear, released by West German label Ariola Records in 1979.	Never Trust a Pretty Face	Ariola Records
record label	This time, although Shankar Family & Friends did begin life as an Apple Records project, the results would not be issued on the Beatles' label, but on Harrison's own Dark Horse Records.	Shankar Family & Friends	Dark Horse Records
record label	Let Freedom Reign is the third studio album by American R&B recording artist Chrisette Michele, released November 30, 2010 on Def Jam Recordings.	Let Freedom Reign	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Hymn to the Immortal Wind is the fifth studio album by Japanese post-rock band Mono, released 24 March 2009 on Temporary Residence Limited.	Hymn to the Immortal Wind	Temporary Residence Limited
record label	Tha Blue Carpet Treatment is the eighth studio album by American West Coast hip hop artist Snoop Dogg; it was released on November 21, 2006, by Geffen Records.	Tha Blue Carpet Treatment	Geffen Records
record label	``Bamboo Houses'' is a song by Japanese musician-composer Ryuichi Sakamoto and English singer-songwriter David Sylvian, released on Virgin Records in 1982.	Bamboo Houses	Virgin Records
record label	Circle of the Oath is the fifteenth studio album by German metal guitarist Axel Rudi Pell, and was released in 2012 on Steamhammer/SPV records.	Circle of the Oath	SPV
record label	Sirius Calling is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in April, 2003 in Madison, Wisconsin and released in 2004 on the Pi Recordings label.	Sirius Calling	Pi Recordings
record label	Inedito (English: All New or Unpublished) is the eleventh studio album by Italian singer Laura Pausini, issued by Atlantic Records in November 2011.	Inedito	Atlantic Records
record label	Radiance of Shadows is the eighth full-length by Canadian drone doom band Nadja, released on October 8, 2007 by Alien8 Recordings.	Radiance of Shadows	Alien8 Recordings
record label	808s & Heartbreak is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Kanye West, released on November 24, 2008, by Roc-A-Fella Records.	808s & Heartbreak	Roc-A-Fella Records
record label	Don't Fight the Feelin' is the second studio album by American rapper Rappin' 4-Tay, released September 6, 1994 on Chrysalis Records and Rag Top Records.	Don't Fight the Feelin'	Chrysalis Records
record label	Songs from the Pink Death is the fourth album by composer and producer Kramer, released on February 17, 1998 through Shimmy Disc.	Songs from the Pink Death	Shimmy Disc
record label	La Musica Negra is the third and final album by the rock band Verbena, released in 2003 on Capitol Records.	La Musica Negra	Capitol Records
record label	Help Wanted Nights is the fourth album by the Omaha-based band The Good Life, released on September 11, 2007 on Saddle Creek Records.	Help Wanted Nights	Saddle Creek Records
record label	Little Hells is Marissa Nadler's fourth full-length album, released in March 2009 on Kemado Records.	Little Hells	Kemado Records
record label	St. Anger is the eighth studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released on June 5, 2003 by Elektra Records.	St. Anger	Elektra Records
record label	``Peace Otodoke!!'' is the tenth single released by Japanese singer Ami Suzuki under label Avex Trax.	Peace Otodoke!!	Avex Trax
record label	Secondhand Rapture is the debut studio album by American duo MS MR, released on May 14, 2013 by Columbia Records.	Secondhand Rapture	Columbia Records
record label	Lemonade for Vampires is the seventh and last album released by the band Gas Huffer on Estrus Records in 2005.	Lemonade for Vampires	Estrus Records
record label	Estimúlame is the second studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on the EMI-Odeon label in 1986.	Estimúlame	EMI
record label	``TV-Glotzer'' is a song by Nina Hagen Band, first released in 1978 by CBS Records and later, on August 29, 1979 released in United Kingdom.	TV-Glotzer	CBS
record label	Everybody Got Their Something was Nikka Costa's first album on Virgin Records, released on May 22, 2001.	Everybody Got Their Something	Virgin Records
record label	The songwriting for ``Farther Up the Road'' is credited to Joe Medwick Veasey, a Houston-area independent songwriter/broker, and Duke Records owner Don Robey.	Farther Up the Road	Duke Records
record label	Origin of Symmetry is the second studio album by English alternative rock band Muse, released on 17 July 2001 by Mushroom Records and Taste Media.	Origin of Symmetry	Taste Media
record label	Diamond Eyes is the sixth album by the American alternative metal band Deftones, released worldwide on May 4, 2010 through Reprise Records, after their departure from long-time label Maverick.	Diamond Eyes	Reprise Records
record label	Otis Blue/Otis Redding Sings Soul, or simply Otis Blue, released September 15, 1965 on Stax Records, is the third studio album by soul singer Otis Redding.	Otis Blue/Otis Redding Sings Soul	Stax Records
record label	Narrow Stairs is the sixth studio album by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie, released on May 12, 2008 in the United Kingdom and on May 13, 2008, in the United States, on Atlantic and Barsuk Records.	Narrow Stairs	Barsuk Records
record label	``All I Know'' is a song written by American songwriter Jimmy Webb, first recorded by Art Garfunkel on his 1973 debut solo album, Angel Clare, released by Columbia Records.	All I Know	Columbia Records
record label	Pray IV Reign is the fourth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones, released on March 24, 2009, under E1, Columbia and Sony Music Entertainment.	Pray IV Reign	Sony Music Entertainment
record label	``Find Out Who Your Friends Are'' is a song written by Casey Beathard and Ed Hill, and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence.	Find Out Who Your Friends Are	Tracy Lawrence
record label	Out of Left Field is a studio album by American country music artist Hank Williams, Jr. It was released by Curb/Capricorn Records on March 9, 1993.	Out of Left Field	Capricorn Records
record label	Apartment Life is the second studio album by American indie pop band Ivy, released in 1997 on Atlantic Records.	Apartment Life	Atlantic Records
record label	Want One is the third studio album by the Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright, released through DreamWorks Records on September 23, 2003.	Want One	DreamWorks Records
record label	Everything You Know Is Wrong is the 8th comedy album by the Firesign Theatre released in October 1974 on Columbia Records.	Everything You Know Is Wrong	Columbia Records
record label	Columbia 82876 78790 2 (Sony BMG) / EAN 0828767879024 ``Want Ya!'' 03:52 (George Samuelson, Thomas Granlind, Darin) ``Who's That Girl'' (The Attic Remix Radio Edit) 03:52 (Jörgen Elofsson)	Want Ya!	Sony BMG
record label	Toto IV is the fourth studio album by American rock band Toto released in the spring of 1982 by Columbia Records.	Toto IV	Columbia Records
record label	In Rock We Trust is the sixth studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T, released in 1984 through A&M Records.	In Rock We Trust	A&M Records
record label	A Good Kind of Nervous is the fourth album by The Lucksmiths released in 1997 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY5.)	A Good Kind of Nervous	Candle Records
record label	Before I'm Over You was released in 1964 on Decca Records.	Before I'm Over You	Decca Records
screenwriter	Bride Wars is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Gary Winick and written by Greg DePaul, June Diane Raphael and Casey Wilson.	Bride Wars	June Diane Raphael	Casey Wilson
series	Baton Bunny is a Bugs Bunny cartoon of the Looney Tunes series, produced in 1958 and released in January 1959.	Baton Bunny	Looney Tunes
series	``The Erlenmeyer Flask'' is the 24th episode and the first season finale of the science fiction television series The X-Files.	The Erlenmeyer Flask	The X-Files
series	``Dinosaurs on a Spaceship'' is the second episode of the seventh series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who.	Dinosaurs on a Spaceship	Doctor Who
series	``Jurassic Bark'' is the seventh episode of the fourth production season and the second episode of the fifth broadcast season of the television series Futurama, airing November 17, 2002.	Jurassic Bark	Futurama
series	Béatrix is an 1839 novel by French author Honoré de Balzac (1799--1850) and included in the Scènes de la vie privée section of his novel sequence La Comédie humaine.	Béatrix	La Comédie humaine
series	The 5th Horseman is the fifth book in the Women's Murder Club series featuring Lindsay Boxer by James Patterson and Maxine Paetro first published on February 2006.	The 5th Horseman	Women's Murder Club
series	The Quest Begins is the first novel in the Seekers series.	The Quest Begins	Seekers
series	Erak's Ransom is the seventh novel in the continuing Ranger's Apprentice series by Australian author John Flanagan.	Erak's Ransom	Ranger's Apprentice
series	The O'Sullivan Twins is the second in the St. Clare's series of children's novels by Enid Blyton.	The O'Sullivan Twins	St. Clare
series	Synthetic Men of Mars is a science fantasy novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs, the ninth of his Barsoom series.	Synthetic Men of Mars	Barsoom
series	Torments of the Traitor / The Fate of the Fallen is the first novel in Ian Irvine's The Song of the Tears trilogy.	Torments of the Traitor	The Song of the Tears
series	``The Future Dunphys'' is the 19th episode of the fourth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 91st episode overall.	The Future Dunphys	Modern Family
series	Ghoul Trouble is a novel by John Passarella set in the fictional universe of the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Ghoul Trouble	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
series	``Four Thanksgivings and a Funeral'' is an episode from the dramedy (drama-comedy) series Ugly Betty, which aired on November 16, 2006.	Four Thanksgivings and a Funeral	Ugly Betty
series	``Challenge Accepted'' is the 24th and final episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 136th episode overall.	Challenge Accepted	How I Met Your Mother
series	It is the first of four volumes in The Book of the New Sun which Wolfe had completed in draft before The Shadow of the Torturer was published.	The Shadow of the Torturer	The Book of the New Sun
series	``Hi, Infidelity'' is the sixth episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars, and the fiftieth episode overall.	Hi, Infidelity	Veronica Mars
series	``My ABC's'' is the 155th episode of ABC Studios television series Scrubs, and the fifth episode of the series' eighth season.	My ABC's	Scrubs
series	``The Front Porch'' is the 17th episode in the fourth season of the television series How I Met Your Mother and 81st overall.	The Front Porch	How I Met Your Mother
series	``The Korven'' is an episode in the Australian-British science fiction drama television series K-9.	The Korven	K-9
series	Ascendant Sun is a novel which tells the story of how Kelric made it back to Earth, to become Imperator of the Skolian Empire and lead his people towards peace with the Eubians in the Saga of the Skolian Empire series by Catherine Asaro.	Ascendant Sun	Saga of the Skolian Empire
series	``Friends of Peter G.'' is the tenth episode of the ninth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.	Friends of Peter G.	Family Guy
series	Murder Must Advertise is a Lord Peter Wimsey mystery novel by Dorothy L. Sayers, published in 1933.	Murder Must Advertise	Lord Peter Wimsey
series	``Durant, Nebraska'' is the second episode of the second season of the American television drama series Hell on Wheels, which aired on August 19, 2012 on AMC.	Durant, Nebraska	Hell on Wheels
series	``Timmy 2000'' (the third of four episodes titled after the ``2000'' fad) is the 51st episode of the Comedy Central animated series South Park.	Timmy 2000	South Park
series	``The Vampires of Venice'' is the sixth episode in the fifth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was broadcast on 8 May 2010 on BBC One.	The Vampires of Venice	Doctor Who
series	Planet of Judgment is an early Star Trek novel, written in 1977 by Joe Haldeman.	Planet of Judgment	Star Trek
series	Deal Me Out was the 37th episode of the M*A*S*H television series and the thirteenth of season two.	Deal Me Out	M*A*S*H
series	``Off the Reservation'' is the twenty-first episode of the American television drama series The Killing, and the eighth of its second season, and aired on May 13, 2012.	Off the Reservation	The Killing
series	``Bust Out'' is the twenty-third episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the tenth of the show's second season.	Bust Out	The Sopranos
series	``Mayored to the Mob'' is the ninth episode of The Simpsons' tenth season, which originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 20, 1998.	Mayored to the Mob	The Simpsons
series	Mad as a Mars Hare is a 1963 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon featuring Bugs Bunny and Marvin the Martian.	Mad as a Mars Hare	Merrie Melodies
series	Flight 714 (French: Vol 714 Pour Sydney) is the twenty-second volume of The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.	Flight 714	The Adventures of Tintin
series	``Good Form'' is the fifth episode of the third season of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time, and the show's 49th episode overall.	Good Form	Once Upon a Time
series	Two Blondes is a short story from Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries, released on August 3, 2010.	Two Blondes	The Southern Vampire Mysteries
series	``From Method to Madness'' is the 18th episode of the third season of the American television show Family Guy.	From Method to Madness	Family Guy
series	The Myth Makers is the completely missing second serial of the third season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 16 October to 6 November 1965.	The Myth Makers	Doctor Who
series	``Two Daughters'' is the second episode of the third season of the American television show Numb3rs.	Two Daughters	Numb3rs
series	Pecos Pest is the 96th one-reel animated Tom and Jerry short, released in 1955 directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera scored by Scott Bradley and released in theaters on November 11, 1955 by Metro Goldwyn Mayer.	Pecos Pest	Tom and Jerry
series	``One Fish, Two Fish, Blowfish, Blue Fish'' is the eleventh episode of The Simpsons' second season.	One Fish, Two Fish, Blowfish, Blue Fish	The Simpsons
series	``The 37's'' is the first episode of the second season, and seventeenth episode overall, of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager.	The 37's	Star Trek: Voyager
series	Hair-Raising Hare is a Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon, released in 1946.	Hair-Raising Hare	Merrie Melodies
series	The premise of Naked Idol is that The Naked Brothers Band have a Naked Idol contest for a new bassist replacing Rosalina (Allie DiMeco).	Naked Idol	The Naked Brothers Band
series	Exam Time is the sixth episode and series finale of the second series of The Inbetweeners.	Exam Time	The Inbetweeners
series	The Enchanter Reborn is an anthology of five fantasy short stories edited by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Christopher Stasheff, the first volume in their continuation of the classic Harold Shea series by de Camp and Fletcher Pratt.	The Enchanter Reborn	Harold Shea
series	``Piper Maru'' is episode 15 of season 3 of the science fiction television series The X-Files.	Piper Maru	The X-Files
series	``The Haunting of Deck Twelve'' is the 145th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the penultimate episode of the sixth season.	The Haunting of Deck Twelve	Star Trek: Voyager
series	``The Toast Derivation'' is the 17th episode of the fourth season of the US sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the 80th episode of the show overall.	The Toast Derivation	The Big Bang Theory
series	``A Piñata Named Desire'' is the eleventh episode of the seventh season of the animated comedy series American Dad!.	A Piñata Named Desire	American Dad
series	``The Robin Flies at Dawn'' is a special edition of the British sitcom Only Fools and Horses, filmed specifically for the British troops serving in the 1990-91 Gulf War.	The Robin Flies at Dawn	Only Fools and Horses
series	``The Battle at Shadow Ridge'' is the eighth episode of the television series Miracles.	The Battle at Shadow Ridge	Miracles
series	``All Happy Families...'' is the fifty-sixth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the fourth of the show's fifth season.	All Happy Families...	The Sopranos
series	Gardens of the Moon is the first of ten novels in Canadian author Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series, the Malazan Book of the Fallen.	Gardens of the Moon	Malazan Book of the Fallen
sex or gender	Wai Hoi-ying (also known as Wei Haiying, simplified Chinese: 韦海英; traditional Chinese: 韋海英, born January 5, 1971) is a female Chinese and Hong Kong association football player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics for China women's national football team.	Wei Haiying	female
sex or gender	Katherine Stinson (February 14, 1891 -- July 8, 1977) was an early female flier.	Katherine Stinson	female
sex or gender	Nagihan Karadere, aka Nagehan Karadere, (born January 1, 1984 in Kadirli, Osmaniye Province, Turkey) is a Turkish female sprint runner specialized in 400 m events.	Nagihan Karadere	female
sex or gender	Gönül Başaran Erönen (born 1953 in London, United Kingdom) has been the first female district judge in Cyprus, in 1980, and the first female justice of the Northern Cyprus Supreme Court in 1994.	Gönül Başaran Erönen	female
sex or gender	Liang Zhongxing (Chinese: 梁仲兴; born 23 December 1986, in Guangdong) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games.	Liang Zhongxing	male
sex or gender	Tan Xue (simplified Chinese: 谭雪; traditional Chinese: 譚雪; pinyin: Tán Xuě; born January 30, 1984 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese fencer who won silver medals in the Sabre Individual at the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the Team Sabre at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Tan Xue	female
sex or gender	In first half of twentieth century, the last Manyam Zamindar died without a male heir and was succeeded by his son-in-law.	Manyam Zamindar	male
sex or gender	Jane Burley (born 12 February 1971 in Liverpool) is a female field hockey midfielder from Scotland.	Jane Burley	female
sex or gender	Hariamanto Kartono (Chinese: 陳金德) (born 1954) is a retired male Chinese Indonesian badminton player.	Hariamanto Kartono	male
sex or gender	Anja Knauer (born 18 March 1979) is a German actress who has played the leading female role in some German films.	Anja Knauer	female
sex or gender	Massimo Bertocchi (born September 27, 1985 in North York, Ontario) is a male decathlete from Canada.	Massimo Bertocchi	male
sex or gender	During his short rule, Manduul Khan successfully strengthened the power of khan and reduced the power of nobles, and paved the way for his great-grandnephew Dayan Khan (Batu Möngke) who succeeded him (Manduuluu khan had no direct male heirs).	Manduul Khan	male
sex or gender	Jonathon Prandi (born August 11, 1972) is an American male fashion model, actor and IT-consultant.	Jonathon Prandi	male
sex or gender	Chris Austin (born February 24, 1964 in Boone, North Carolina -- March 16, 1991 in San Diego, California) was a male country music singer.	Chris Austin	male
sex or gender	Dawn Denise George (born April 30, 1959 in Gardner, Massachusetts), better known plainly as Dawn George, is a former female boxer who has competed against some of women's boxing top athletes.	Dawn George	female
sex or gender	Alona Lisitsa is the first female rabbi in Israel to join a religious council.	Alona Lisitsa	female
sex or gender	In autumn 2004, Dagmar Manzel played at the Komische Oper Berlin , the female lead in the much-vaunted German premiere of Stephen Sondheim's musical Sweeney Todd , directed by Christopher Bond.	Dagmar Manzel	female
sex or gender	Mathilde Carmen Hertz (14 January 1891 -- 20 November 1975) was a biologist, and was one of the first influential female scientists in the field of biology and a pioneer in the field of comparative psychology.	Mathilde Carmen Hertz	female
sex or gender	Cheri Elliott (born April 17, 1970) was an American champion female bicycle motocross (BMX) racer in the 1980s, and a champion Downhill and Slalom mountain bike racer in the 1990s and early 2000s.	Cheri Elliott	female
sex or gender	Nancy Morris (born 2 November 1961) is a Reform rabbi, who was appointed to Glasgow Reform Synagogue, formerly known as Glasgow New Synagogue, in October 2003, making her the first female rabbi in Scotland.	Nancy Morris	female
sex or gender	Petronilla Tovo (Turin, 19th century) was an Italian female painter, specializing in painting miniatures on ivory.	Petronilla Tovo	female
sex or gender	Yevgeniya Yermakova (born April 9, 1976 in Almaty, Kazakhstan) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Kazakhstan.	Yevgeniya Yermakova	female
sex or gender	Jovit Baldivino (born October 16, 1993) is the Filipino male singer now a new movie actor.	Jovit Baldivino	male
sex or gender	Fitriani (born 27 December 1996 in Garut, West Java) is a female Indonesian badminton player who plays in women's singles discipline.	Fitriani	female
sex or gender	Nur Tatar (born August 16, 1992 in Van, Turkey) is a Turkish female taekwondo practitioner competing in the feather, light and welterweight divisions.	Nur Tatar	female
sex or gender	Mariam al-Mansuri, or Mariam al-Mansouri, (born 1979 in Abu Dhabi), is the first female fighter pilot of the United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Mariam al-Mansouri	female
sex or gender	Liu Yunfeng (simplified Chinese: 刘云峰; traditional Chinese: 劉云峰; pinyin: Liú Yúnfēng; born August 3, 1979 in Suihua, Heilongjiang) is a male Chinese race walker.	Liu Yunfeng	male
sex or gender	Brooke Morrison (born 3 January 1979 in New South Wales) is a retired female field hockey striker from Australia.	Brooke Morrison	female
sex or gender	Chandramukhi Basu (Bengali: চন্দ্রমুখী বসু) (1860--1944), a Bengali-speaking Christian from Dehradun, which was located in the (then known as) United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, was one of the first two female graduates of the British Empire.	Chandramukhi Basu	female
sex or gender	Tanya Oxley (born 13 May 1979) is a retired female track and field sprinter from Barbados.	Tanya Oxley	female
sex or gender	Meike Freitag (born February 7, 1979 in Frankfurt am Main, Hessen) is a retired female swimmer from Germany, specialised in the freestyle.	Meike Freitag	female
sex or gender	Miyoko Asahina (朝比奈三代子; born September 24, 1969) is a retired female long-distance runner from Japan.	Miyoko Asahina	female
sex or gender	To date, Kelly Warren is the only female in the American military to have been convicted of espionage.	Kelly Warren	female
sex or gender	In 2009, the festival included four international productions, from China, Iran, Egypt and the Netherlands, apart from production of Henrik Ibsen's plays by Shantanu Bose, Jyotish M.G., Neeraj Kabi and Zulekha Chowdhury, while Amal Allana's production, Metropolis brought together the female leads from three of Ibsen's plays--	Amal Allana	female
sex or gender	Gcinile Moyane (born May 12, 1980 in Mbabane) is a retired female Swazi sprinter, who specialized in the 200 metres.	Gcinile Moyane	female
sex or gender	Vita Mavrič is a Slovene female chansonnier.	Vita Mavrič	female
sex or gender	In the 1960s, Huang Baitao's only son murdered one of his gay male friends by using a handgun that his father had left.	Huang Baitao	male
sex or gender	Vicki Mackenzie, who wrote Cave in the Snow about her, relates that what inspired the writing of the book was reading Tenzin Palmo's statement to a Buddhist magazine that ``I have made a vow to attain Enlightenment in the female form - no matter how many lifetimes it takes''.	Tenzin Palmo	female
sex or gender	Eustace Fannin (born 1 January 1919) is a retired South African male tennis player.	Eustace Fannin	male
sex or gender	Sasha P (born Anthonia Yetunde Alabi on 21 May 1983), also known as the First Lady of Nigerian Hip Hop, is a Nigerian female rapper, musician, businesswoman, lawyer and motivational speaker.	Sasha P	female
sex or gender	Brigitte Yagüe Enrique (born March 15, 1981 in Palma de Mallorca, Balearic Islands, Spain) is a female taekwondo practitioner from Spain.	Brigitte Yagüe	female
sex or gender	Nila Aguillo, born Nila Garcia Aguillo in Cabuyao, Laguna, is the first female mayor of Cabuyao who served as Municipal Mayor from 2004 to 2007.	Nila Aguillo	female
sex or gender	Joan Jonas is an American visual artist and a pioneer of video and performance art who is one of the most important female artists to emerge in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Joan Jonas	female
sex or gender	Kang Chae-young (Hangul: 강채영; born 8 June 1996) is a female South Korean recurve archer.	Kang Chae-young	female
sex or gender	Galina Savinkova (Russian: Галина Савинкова; born 15 July 1953) is a retired female track and field athlete from the Soviet Union, who set the world record in the women's discus throw on 23 May 1983 with a distance of 73.26 metres.	Galina Savinkova	female
sex or gender	Lillian La France (1894--1979) was billed as the world's foremost woman motorcycle stunt rider, one of a handful of female stunt riders in the 1920s and 1930s.	Lillian La France	female
sex or gender	Jin Di (Chinese: 金迪; pinyin: Jīn Dí; born December 15, 1978 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese sports shooter who competed in Olympic skeet at the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Jin Di	male
sex or gender	They had several children, but the male line became extinct on the death of Thomas Tonkin, their third son.	Thomas Tonkin	male
sex or gender	Sun Yawei (Chinese: 孙雅薇; born 17 October 1987) is a female Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the 100 meter hurdles.	Sun Yawei	female
sex or gender	Janna Wendy Wyland (November 25, 1964 -- September 27, 2003) was a female diver from the United States.	Wendy Wyland	female
sex or gender	Germaine Tailleferre (French: (tɑjfɛʁ); 19 April 1892 -- 7 November 1983) was a French composer and the only female member of the group of composers known as Les Six.	Germaine Tailleferre	female
sex or gender	Conny Schmalfuss (born October 29, 1975 in Schwedt, Brandenburg) is a female diver from Germany, who won her first international medal (a bronze) at the 1991 European Championships in Athens, Greece in the women's 1 m springboard.	Conny Schmalfuss	female
sex or gender	Roberta Alison Baumgardner (born December 13, 1943, Alexander City, Alabama -- died March 20, 2009, Alexander City, Alabama) was a noted American female tennis player.	Roberta Alison	female
sex or gender	Pearl I. Young (1895-1968) became the first female technical employee of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA), which evolved to become today's NASA.	Pearl I. Young	female
sex or gender	Kellee Warren (born 1971), or just simply known as Kellee, is a female electronica/house artist from Chicago, Illinois.	Kellee	female
sex or gender	Julio César Herrera Cabrera (born March 11, 1977 in Havana) is a retired male track cyclist from Cuba.	Julio César Herrera	male
sex or gender	Christoph Dieckmann (born January 7, 1976 in Bonn) is a male beach volleyball player from Germany.	Christoph Dieckmann	male
sex or gender	Jesper Larsen (born 29 October 1972) is a male badminton player from Denmark who won the gold medal at the 2000 European Badminton Championships in men's doubles, along with partner Jens Eriksen.	Jesper Larsen	male
sex or gender	Xochipilli was also the patron of both homosexuals and male prostitutes, a role possibly resulting from his being absorbed from the Toltec civilisation.	Xochipilli	male
sex or gender	Jessie Tarbox Beals (December 23, 1870 -- May 30, 1942) was an American photographer, the first published female photojournalist in the United States and the first female night photographer.	Jessie Tarbox Beals	female
sex or gender	Chen Xuya (born 21 March 1975) is a retired female volleyball player.	Chen Xuya	female
sex or gender	Wang Cong'er (Chinese: 王聰兒; pinyin: Wáng Cōng'ér, c. 1777-1798) was a female Chinese leader of anti-Manchu White Lotus Rebellion during the reign of the Qing dynasty.	Wang Cong'er	female
sex or gender	Kristina Krassikova (born 24 March 1994) is a former female water polo goalkeeper of Kazakhstan.	Kristina Krassikova	female
sex or gender	Amiria Rule (née Marsh; b. May 17, 1983) is a former female rugby union player.	Amiria Rule	female
sex or gender	The Conscious Daughters (TCD) were an American female hip hop duo from the Bay Area, California, United States, consisting of Carla ``CMG'' Green and the late Karryl ``Special One'' Smith.	The Conscious Daughters	female
sex or gender	El Teneen originally formed one half of the pair ``Team El Teneen'', or ``Dragon Team'', however the artist (identified by Al-Masry Al-Youm newspaper as a male) now works primarily independently.	El Teneen	male
sex or gender	Llewellyn Starks (born February 10, 1967) is a retired male long jumper who competed for the United States in the 1980s and early-1990s.	Llewellyn Starks	male
sex or gender	Heinz Weis (born July 14, 1963) is a male former hammer thrower from Germany.	Heinz Weis	male
sex or gender	Misleydis González Tamayo (Spanish pronunciation: (misˈleiðis ɣonˈsales); born June 19, 1978 in Bayamo, Granma) is a female shot putter from Cuba.	Misleydis González	female
sex or gender	Aaron Schooler (born 20 June 1985) is a Canadian male cyclo-cross cyclist.	Aaron Schooler	male
sex or gender	Maria Cuțarida-Crătunescu (February 10, 1857--November 16, 1919) was the first female doctor in Romania.	Maria Cuțarida-Crătunescu	female
sex or gender	Sabine Herbst-Klenz (born 27 June 1974 in Leipzig, Sachsen) is a retired female butterfly and medley swimmer from Germany.	Sabine Herbst	female
sex or gender	Henry Albert Canet (17 April 1878 -- 25 July 1930) was a male tennis player from France He competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden where he won two bronze medals.	Albert Canet	male
sex or gender	Ruth Jackson (December 13, 1902 -- August 28, 1994) was the first female board-certified orthopedic surgeon in the United States and the first female admitted to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons.	Ruth Jackson	female
sex or gender	Yang Ling (simplified Chinese: 杨凌; traditional Chinese: 楊淩; pinyin: Yáng Líng, born May 24, 1968 in Beijing) is a male Chinese sports shooter.	Yang Ling	male
sex or gender	Yvonne Clays Spoelders (June 3, 1906 -- February 11, 1994) was a Belgian aristocrat, First Lady of Costa Rica from 1940 to 1944 and the country's first female diplomat.	Yvonne Clays Spoelders	female
sex or gender	Jetzabel del Valle (born 19 December 1979) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player, who played as a middle blocker.	Jetzabel del Valle	female
sex or gender	Sharni Williams (born 2 March 1988) is a female Australian rugby union player.	Sharni Williams	female
sex or gender	``I also considered Jackie Verdell of the Davis Sisters one of the best and most underrated female soul singers of all time'' said Franklin in her 1999 autobiography Aretha:	Jackie Verdell	female
sex or gender	Moreover, an award on the name of Attimabbe was given to a female candidate every year by Karnataka government every year.	Attimabbe	female
sex or gender	Rhea Jones is the name of a female comic book superhero created by Paul Kupperberg and owned by DC Comics.	Rhea Jones	female
sex or gender	Mary Jane Sherfey (1918--1983) was an American psychiatrist and writer on female sexuality, she received her medical degree from Indiana University, where she attended lectures on marriage and sexuality given by Alfred Kinsey.	Mary Jane Sherfey	female
sex or gender	Cindy Phillips (born October 31, 1983) is a professional female bodybuilder from Nova Scotia, Canada.	Cindy Phillips	female
sex or gender	Kat Reeder is a Peruvian-American artist, illustrator and graphic designer whose work is characterized by bright colors and attractive female faces.	Kat Reeder	female
sex or gender	Agallis (Gr. Ἀγαλλίς, fl. 2nd century BC) of Corcyra was a female grammarian who wrote about Homer, according to Athenaeus.	Agallis	female
sex or gender	Aliya Rasheed (Urdu: عاليہ رشيد‎) is a female Pakistani Dhrupad singer.	Aliya Rasheed	female
sex or gender	Alice Weiwers was a female tennis player from Luxembourg.	Alice Weiwers	female
sex or gender	Paul Aymé (29 July 1869, Marseille -- 25 July 1962, Madrid) was a former French male tennis player.	Paul Aymé	male
sex or gender	Anita Huffington (born December 25, 1934) is an American sculptor who is noted for her stone and Bronze representation of the female torso.	Anita Huffington	female
sex or gender	Celine van Duijn (born 4 November 1992) is a female diver from the Netherlands.	Celine van Duijn	female
sex or gender	Chang Yongxiang (Chinese: 常永祥; pinyin: Cháng Yǒngxiáng; born September 16, 1983 in Handan County, Handan, Hebei) is a male Chinese Greco-Roman wrestler who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won the silver medal.	Chang Yongxiang	male
sex or gender	Nicole Haynes (born September 18, 1974 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired female track and field athlete from the United States, who competed in the heptathlon.	Nicole Haynes	female
sex or gender	Herbert Nkabiti (born March 27, 1981) is a male amateur boxer from Botswana best known to win Junior Welterweight Silver at the 2007 All-Africa Games.	Herbert Nkabiti	male
sex or gender	Plautus'' Casina employs these conventional tragic correlations between male/outside and female/inside, but then inverts them in order to establish an even more complex relationship among genre, gender and dramatic space.	Plautus	male
sex or gender	Almudena Gallardo Vicente (born March 26, 1979 in Madrid) is a female Spanish archer.	Almudena Gallardo	female
sex or gender	Beginning her career as a Broadway dancer, Rita Rudner noticed the lack of female comedians in New York City and turned her stage presence to stand-up comedy where she's flourished for over three decades.	Rita Rudner	female
sex or gender	Axiothea of Phlius (Greek: Ἀξιοθέα Φλειασία fl. c. 350 BCE) was a female student of Plato and Speusippus.	Axiothea of Phlius	female
sex or gender	Prince Michael is a first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. Upon their marriage, she was accorded the style and title of Her Royal Highness Princess Michael of Kent, the female equivalent to her husband's title: not being of royal birth, she is therefore not titled Princess Marie Christine.	Princess Michael of Kent	female
sex or gender	Jane Arthur supported women's suffrage, which she campaigned for, as well as temperance, and provided bursaries for a Renfrewshire student and for a female medical student.	Jane Arthur	female
sex or gender	Yu Baiwei (simplified Chinese: 于柏巍; traditional Chinese: 於柏巍; pinyin: Yú Bǎiwēi; born 17 July 1988 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Yu Baiwei	female
sex or gender	Tang Jingzhi (simplified Chinese: 汤景之; traditional Chinese: 湯景之; pinyin: Tāng Jǐngzhī; born 1986-09-15 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a female Chinese swimmer, who won a silver medal for China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Tang Jingzhi	female
sex or gender	Carmela Allucci (born June 22, 1970 in Naples) is a female water polo midfielder from Italy, who won the gold medal with the Women's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Carmela Allucci	female
sex or gender	Aravis is a young Tarkheena, a female member of the ruling nobility of Calormen.	Aravis	female
sex or gender	Jean Merlin Nziemi (born 13 October 1974) is a retiredCameroonian male volleyball player.	Jean Merlin Nziemi	male
sex or gender	Iryn Namubiru, also known as Irene Namubiru is a female, Ugandan performing artist, resident in Paris, France.	Iryn Namubiru	female
sex or gender	Chen Dequan (Chinese: 陈德全; born 30 August 1995) is a Chinese male short track speed skater.	Chen Dequan	male
sex or gender	Manuela Montebrun (born 13 November 1979 in Laval, Mayenne) is a retired, female hammer thrower from France.	Manuela Montebrun	female
sex or gender	Renata Katewicz (born May 2, 1965 in Kaniczki, Pomorskie) is a retired female discus thrower from Poland.	Renata Katewicz	female
sex or gender	Magno Mesías Zapata (born January 8, 1981 in Chillanes, Bolívar Province) is a male race walker from Ecuador.	Mesías Zapata	male
sex or gender	Stefanie Jason, Sue Williamson celebrates an enduring female legacy in Mail&Guardian, 31/05/2013.	Sue Williamson	female
spouse	Hosni Mubarak is married to Suzanne Mubarak and has two sons:	Hosni Mubarak	Suzanne Mubarak
spouse	Toda Aznárez (Basque: Tota Aznar; 876 -- 958), known as Toda of Pamplona, was Queen consort of Pamplona by her marriage with Sancho I of Pamplona.	Toda of Pamplona	Sancho I of Pamplona
spouse	Feeling that Seleucus I was becoming dangerously great, Lysimachus now allied himself with Ptolemy I, marrying his daughter Arsinoe II of Egypt.	Lysimachus	Arsinoe II
spouse	Benedicta Ebbesdotter of Hvide (ca. 1165 or 1170 -- ca. 1199 or 1200) was a Swedish queen consort, first consort of king Sverker II of Sweden.	Benedicta Ebbesdotter of Hvide	Sverker II of Sweden
spouse	Maria Pacolli (née Maria Shichkova Russian language: Мария Шичкова) is the wife of the former President of Kosovo Behgjet Pacolli, and the former First Lady of Kosovo.	Maria Pacolli	Behgjet Pacolli
spouse	She became Queen Æthelswith when she married King Burgred of Mercia in 853.	Æthelswith	Burgred of Mercia
spouse	Ernest Aldrich Simpson (6 May 1897 -- 30 November 1958) was an American-born naturalized British shipping executive best known as the second husband of Wallis Simpson.	Ernest Aldrich Simpson	Wallis Simpson
spouse	Queen 'Masenate Mohato Seeiso (born June 2, 1976) is the Queen Consort of King Letsie III of Lesotho.	Queen 'Masenate Mohato Seeiso	Letsie III of Lesotho
spouse	Plautia Urgulanilla (fl. 1st century) was the first wife of the future Roman Emperor Claudius.	Plautia Urgulanilla	Claudius
spouse	Elizabeth de Badlesmere, Countess of Northampton (1313 -- 8 June 1356) was the wife of two English noblemen, Sir Edmund Mortimer and William de Bohun, 1st Earl of Northampton.	Elizabeth de Badlesmere, Countess of Northampton	William de Bohun, 1st Earl of Northampton
spouse	As an unattached link to Emperor Aurelius and to the late co-Emperor Verus and because of her royal-born offspring, Lucilla was not destined for a long widowhood, and thus, a short time later, in 169, her father arranged a second marriage for her with Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus Quintianus from Antioch.	Lucilla	Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus
spouse	Throughout most of her career, Carole Laure primarily collaborated with Anglophone singer, songwriter, producer, and director Lewis Furey, whom she met in 1977 and who later became her husband.	Carole Laure	Lewis Furey
spouse	Duleep Singh married twice, first to Bamba Müller and then to Ada Douglas Wetherill.	Duleep Singh	Bamba Müller
spouse	Juan Carlos Gumucio (November 7, 1949 -- February 25, 2002) was a Bolivian-born journalist and writer, and the second husband of Marie Colvin.	Juan Carlos Gumucio	Marie Colvin
spouse	His daughter Lavinia had been promised to Turnus, king of the Rutuli, but Latinus received a prophecy that Lavinia would be betrothed to one from another land -- namely, Aeneas.	Aeneas	Lavinia
spouse	Malmfred of Kiev (between 1095 and 1102 -- d. after 1137), was a Russian princess and a medieval Norwegian and Danish queen consort, wife first to King Sigurd I of Norway and second to king Eric II of Denmark.	Malmfred of Kiev	Eric II of Denmark
spouse	Princess Charlotte of Württemberg (9 January 1807 -- 2 February 1873) was, as Grand Duchess Elena Pavlovna of Russia, the wife of Grand Duke Michael Pavlovich of Russia.	Princess Charlotte of Württemberg	Grand Duke Michael Pavlovich of Russia
spouse	Johannes Heesters, December 2010 Heesters had two daughters by his first wife Louisa Ghijs, whom he married in 1930.	Johannes Heesters	Louisa Ghijs
spouse	Natalia Brasova, Countess Brasova (Russian: Наталья Брасова; born Natalia Sergeyevna Sheremetyevskaya, Russian: Ната́лья Серге́евна Шереме́тьевская; 27 June 1880 -- 26 January 1952) was a Russian noblewoman who married, as her third husband, Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia.	Natalia Brasova	Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia
spouse	Sevasti Xanthou (Sevasti Kroustala-Xanthou) (1798- ?) was the wife of Emmanuil Xanthos, member and one of the founders of Filiki Eteria (``Society of Friends''), a Greek conspiratorial organization against the Ottoman Empire.	Sevasti Xanthou	Emmanuil Xanthos
spouse	Alice Cornelia Thaw (January 2, 1880 - May 8, 1955) was an American philanthropist and, upon her marriage to George Seymour, 7th Marquess of Hertford, the Countess of Yarmouth.	Alice Cornelia Thaw	George Seymour, 7th Marquess of Hertford
spouse	Olympe Pélissier (1799-1878) was a French artists' model and the second wife of the Italian composer Gioachino Rossini.	Olympe Pélissier	Gioachino Rossini
spouse	Hede Massing went to live with Paul Massing.	Hede Massing	Paul Massing
spouse	Althea Flynt (née Althea Leasure; November 6, 1953 -- June 27, 1987) was the fourth wife of Larry Flynt and the co-publisher of Flynt's pornography magazine, Hustler.	Althea Flynt	Larry Flynt
spouse	Saint Balthild of Ascania (/ˈbɔːltɪld/; Old English: Bealdhild, 'bold sword' or 'bold spear; around 626 -- January 30, 680), also called Bathilda, Baudour, or Bauthieult, was the wife and queen of Clovis II, the king of Burgundy and Neustria (639--658).	Balthild	Clovis II
spouse	Princess Margaret of Denmark (Margrethe Françoise Louise Marie Helene; 17 September 1895, Bernstorff Palace -- 18 September 1992, Copenhagen, Denmark) was a princess of Denmark and Iceland by birth and a princess of Bourbon-Parma as the wife of Prince René of Bourbon-Parma	Princess Margaret of Denmark	Prince René of Bourbon-Parma
spouse	Nicesipolis or Nicasipolis of Pherae (Greek: Νικησίπολις), was a Thessalian woman, native of the city Pherae, wife or concubine of king Philip II of Macedon and mother of Thessalonica of Macedon.	Nicesipolis	Philip II of Macedon
spouse	Zaynab bint Jahsh (Arabic: زينب بنت جحش‎) (c. 590 -- 641) was a cousin and wife of Muhammad and therefore a Mother of the Believers.	Zaynab bint Jahsh	Muhammad
spouse	Kosala Devi was Empress consort of the Magadha Empire as the first wife of Emperor Bimbisara (558--491 BC).	Kosala Devi	Bimbisara
spouse	Eva Marie Veigel (also Eva Maria Violette, with variants Eva Maria and Ava-Maria) (February 29, 1724, Vienna - October 16, 1822, London) was a dancer and the wife of actor David Garrick.	Eva Marie Veigel	David Garrick
spouse	Dimitra Liani (Greek: Δήμητρα Λιάνη; born 30 April 1955) is the third wife of former Greek Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou.	Dimitra Liani	Andreas Papandreou
spouse	Arlene Klasky (born May 26, 1949) is an American animator, graphic designer, producer and co-founder of Klasky-Csupo with Gábor Csupó.	Arlene Klasky	Gábor Csupó
spouse	Etta Place (born circa 1878, date of death unknown) was a companion of the American outlaws Butch Cassidy (real name Robert LeRoy Parker) and the Sundance Kid (Harry Alonzo Longabaugh), both members of the outlaw gang known as the Wild Bunch.	Etta Place	Sundance Kid
spouse	Tan Yuling (1920 -- 14 August 1942), born Tatara Yuling, was a concubine of China's last emperor Puyi.	Tan Yuling	Puyi
spouse	Alcibiades was married to Hipparete, the daughter of Hipponicus, a wealthy Athenian.	Alcibiades	Hipparete
spouse	Joan Fiona Dickson OBE, or Fiona Dickson (best known as Fiona Castle) (born 1940 on the Wirral Peninsula, Cheshire) is a retired British dancer who is most notable for her marriage to the TV entertainer Roy Castle.	Fiona Dickson	Roy Castle
spouse	Danielle Mitterrand (born Danielle Émilienne Isabelle Gouze; 29 October 1924 -- 22 November 2011) was the wife of French President François Mitterrand, and president of the foundation France Libertés Fondation Danielle Mitterrand.	Danielle Mitterrand	François Mitterrand
taxon rank	Atractaspis coalescens, or the black burrowing asp, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Atractaspis coalescens	species
taxon rank	Xanthonia is a genus of leaf beetles found in eastern Asia and North and Central America.	Xanthonia	genus
taxon rank	Hibiscadelphus distans (Kauai hau kuahiwi) is an extremely rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family, Malvaceae, that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii.	Hibiscadelphus distans	species
taxon rank	Microthrissa is a genus of sprats in the herring family, Clupeidae, which is endemic to Africa.	Microthrissa	genus
taxon rank	Rubus pedatus is an Asian and North American species of raspberry known under the common names Five-leaved bramble, Strawberryleaf Raspberry and Creeping Raspberry.	Rubus pedatus	species
taxon rank	Eutreta diana is a species in the family Tephritidae, known as fruit flies in North America and picture wing flies in Europe.	Eutreta diana	species
taxon rank	Limacina rangii is a species of swimming sea snail in the family Limacinidae, which belong to the group commonly known as sea butterflies (Thecosomata).	Limacina rangii	species
taxon rank	Restrepia trichoglossa, commonly called the Hairy-tongued Restrepia, is a species of orchid found from Mexico (Chiapas) to Peru.	Restrepia trichoglossa	species
taxon rank	Homoephloeus licheneus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Homoephloeus.	Homoephloeus licheneus	species
taxon rank	Cryptanthus bivittatus, (commonly known as Earth Star, along with Cryptanthus zonatus zebrinus) is a small, terrestrial species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family.	Cryptanthus bivittatus	species
taxon rank	Candidatus Atelocyanobacterium thalassa, previously cyanobacterium UCYN-A, is a species of non-photosynthetic nitrogen-fixing marine cyanobacteria that lacks the oxygen-producing photosystem II complex of the photosynthetic apparatus, the Carboxysome, enzymes of the Calvin and tricarboxylic acid cycles, as well as several enzymes involved in amino acid synthesis.	Atelocyanobacterium thalassa	species
taxon rank	Sympetrum is a genus of small to medium-sized skimmer dragonflies, known as darters in the UK and as meadowhawks in the North America.	Sympetrum	genus
taxon rank	Hapalomantis minima is a species of praying mantis in the genus Hapalomantis.	Hapalomantis minima	species
taxon rank	Cirripectes fuscoguttatus, the Spotted blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean.	Cirripectes fuscoguttatus	species
taxon rank	Hemieleotris is a genus of small sleeper gobies native to Central America and Colombia, where they are only found in freshwater habitats.	Hemieleotris	genus
taxon rank	Seseli is a genus of herbaceous perennial plants.	Seseli	genus
taxon rank	Khadia beswickii is a species of plant in the Aizoaceae family.	Khadia beswickii	species
taxon rank	Phymaspermum is a genus of African plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family.	Phymaspermum	genus
taxon rank	Drosanthus is a genus of tephritid or fruit fly in the family Tephritidae.	Drosanthus	genus
taxon rank	Macrobrachium japonicum is a species of freshwater shrimp found in Asia that was first described in 1849.	Macrobrachium japonicum	species
taxon rank	Phillips' small-eared shrew (Cryptotis phillipsii) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae found in Mexico.	Phillips' small-eared shrew	species
taxon rank	Epanterias is a dubious genus of theropod dinosaur from the Kimmeridgian-Tithonian-age Upper Jurassic upper Morrison Formation of Garden Park, Colorado.	Epanterias	genus
taxon rank	Prionosciadium lilacinum is a plant species native to the Mexican States of Jalisco and Nayarit.	Prionosciadium lilacinum	species
taxon rank	Hemiphractus bubalus, or the Ecuador horned treefrog, is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Hemiphractus bubalus	species
taxon rank	Geissanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Primulaceae.	Geissanthus	genus
taxon rank	Dermomurex pauperculus, common name the little aspella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Dermomurex pauperculus	species
taxon rank	Penicillium confertum is an anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium.	Penicillium confertum	species
taxon rank	Stenosigma is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps.	Stenosigma	genus
taxon rank	Asterogyne is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family native to Central America and northern South America, with three of the five known species endemic to Venezuela.	Asterogyne	genus
taxon rank	Trachelipus razzautii is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in northern Italy, Slovenia, the Greek island of Lesbos and European Turkey.	Trachelipus razzautii	species
taxon rank	Apocynaceae is a family of flowering plants that includes trees, shrubs, herbs, stem succulents, and vines, commonly called the dogbane family, after the American plant known as dogbane, Apocynum cannabinum.	Apocynaceae	family
taxon rank	Bujurquina is a genus of cichlid fish endemic to South America.	Bujurquina	genus
taxon rank	Rickettsia is a genus of nonmotile, Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, highly pleomorphic bacteria that can present as cocci (0.1 μm in diameter), rods (1--4 μm long), or thread-like (10 μm long).	Rickettsia	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon rostriflorus is a species of penstemon known by the common names beaked penstemon, Bridge penstemon, or Bridges' penstemon.	Penstemon rostriflorus	species
taxon rank	The single species, Aciculopoda mapesi, was named by Rodney Feldmann and Carrie Schweitzer in honour of Royal Mapes, a paleontologist who discovered the type specimen.	Aciculopoda	species
taxon rank	Hylatomus was a genus of birds in the Picidae family that is now considered a synonym of Dryocopus.	Hylatomus	genus
taxon rank	Pectiniidae is a family of stony corals, commonly known as chalice corals.	Pectiniidae	family
taxon rank	Wainuia clarki is a species of air-breathing predatory land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.	Wainuia clarki	species
taxon rank	Parrishia is an extinct genus of sphenosuchian crocodylomorph that is considered a nomen dubium because of the lack of diagnostic features associated with it.	Parrishia	genus
taxon rank	Lilaeopsis masonii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names mudflat quillplant and Mason's lilaeopsis.	Lilaeopsis masonii	species
taxon rank	Scortum barcoo is a species of fish in the family Terapontidae known by the common names Barcoo grunter and jade perch.	Scortum barcoo	species
taxon rank	Ungaliophis continentalis, or the Chiapan boa, is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family.	Ungaliophis continentalis	species
taxon rank	Due to the widespread distribution of the Dana duckbill eel, as well as its deep-water nature and the subsequent perceived lack of threats, the IUCN redlist currently lists the species as Least Concern.	Dana duckbill eel	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces turgidiscabies is a streptomycete bacterium species, causing scab in potatoes.	Streptomyces turgidiscabies	species
taxon rank	Mitrospingus is a genus of bird formerly in the family Thraupidae.	Mitrospingus	genus
taxon rank	Choristoneura zapulata, the zapulata moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Choristoneura zapulata	species
taxon rank	Zetoceras is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the suborder Phylloceratina that lived during the Early and Middle Jurassic in what is now Europe, and is included in the (family) Phylloceratidae.	Zetoceras	genus
taxon rank	Deplanchea is a genus of about eight species of tropical rainforest trees, constituting part of the plant family Bignoniaceae.	Deplanchea	genus
taxon rank	The Cretan meadow foxtail (Alopecurus creticus) is a species of foxtail grass.	Alopecurus creticus	species
taxon rank	Pristimantis lichenoides (rana camuflada in Spanish) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Pristimantis lichenoides	species
taxon rank	Oberea trigonalis is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Breuning in 1950.	Oberea trigonalis	species
taxon rank	Syncarpha is a genus of herbaceous flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Syncarpha	genus
taxon rank	Mesogobius batrachocephalus, the knout goby or toad goby, is one of the species of gobiid fish native to the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov basins.	Mesogobius batrachocephalus	species
taxon rank	It was first listed as Maritrema sp. II in 1988, then described as the only species of a new genus, Floridatrema heardi, in 1994, and eventually reassigned in 2003 to Maritrema as Maritrema heardi.	Maritrema heardi	species
taxon rank	Drosera monticola is a perennial carnivorous plant species in the genus Drosera, the sundews.	Drosera monticola	species
taxon rank	Eburia albolineata is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Venezuela.	Eburia albolineata	species
taxon rank	Hypalastoroides is a neotropical genus of potter wasps with a few nearctic and andean species.	Hypalastoroides	genus
taxon rank	Cirsium palustre, the marsh thistle or European swamp thistle, is a herbaceous biennial (or often perennial) species of the genus Cirsium.	Cirsium palustre	species
taxon rank	Demanietta is a genus of freshwater crabs found in Indochinese Peninsula of Southeast Asia.	Demanietta	genus
taxon rank	Orthomiella is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone and the Palearctic ecozone (Yunnan).	Orthomiella	genus
taxon rank	Meiacanthus luteus, the Yellow fangbelly, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean, around northern Australia.	Meiacanthus luteus	species
taxon rank	Cnemaspis indraneildasii is a species of gecko endemic to India.	Cnemaspis indraneildasii	species
taxon rank	Ocnus planci is a species of sea cucumber in the family Cucumariidae.	Ocnus planci	species
taxon rank	Passiflora picturata is a species of Passion flower in the Passifloraceae family.	Passiflora picturata	species
taxon rank	Petrolisthes eriomerus is a species of marine porcelain crab found in the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Petrolisthes eriomerus	species
taxon rank	Woodwardia fimbriata, known by the common name giant chain fern, is a fern species in the family Blechnaceae, in the eupolypods II clade of the order Polypodiales, in the class Polypodiopsida.	Woodwardia fimbriata	species
taxon rank	Hadrosaurids (Greek: ἁδρός, hadrós, ``stout, thick''), or duck-billed dinosaurs, are members of the ornithischian family Hadrosauridae.	Hadrosaurid	family
taxon rank	Pluteus nevadensis is a species of fungus in the agaric family Pluteaceae.	Pluteus nevadensis	species
taxon rank	Cyathea caudata is a species of tree fern native to the islands of Luzon and Mindanao in the Philippines, where it grows in montane forest.	Cyathea caudata	species
taxon rank	Neominois ridingsii, Riding's Satyr, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Neominois ridingsii	species
taxon rank	Lorosuchus is an extinct genus of sebecid mesoeucrocodylian known from Tucumán Province of north-western Argentina.	Lorosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Proisocrinus ruberrimus is a species of crinoid that is in the monotypic genus Proisocrinus.	Proisocrinus	species
taxon rank	Acineta barkeri is a species of orchid found from Mexico to Guatemala.	Acineta barkeri	species
taxon rank	Paullinia is a genus of flowering shrubs, small trees and lianas in the soapberry family, Sapindaceae, native to tropical South America, Central America and the Caribbean.	Paullinia	genus
taxon rank	Sarcophilus is a genus of carnivorous marsupial best known for its only living member, the Tasmanian devil.	Sarcophilus	genus
taxon rank	Rhodochorton is a genus of filamentous red alga adapted to low light levels.	Rhodochorton	genus
taxon rank	Oxystele sinensis, common name the pink-lipped topshell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Oxystele sinensis	species
taxon rank	Laccaria laccata, commonly known as the deceiver, or waxy laccaria, is a white-spored species of small edible mushroom found throughout North America and Europe.	Laccaria laccata	species
taxon rank	Charitometridae is a family of crinoids or feather stars in the phylum Echinodermata.	Charitometridae	family
taxon rank	Coreopsis gladiata (coastalplain tickseed) is a North American species of perennial tickseeds in the sunflower family.	Coreopsis gladiata	species
taxon rank	Rabidosa is a genus of spiders described by Roewer (1960).	Rabidosa	genus
taxon rank	The Transbaikal zokor (Myospalax psilurus) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae.	Transbaikal zokor	species
taxon rank	Atrociraptor (meaning ``savage robber'') is a genus of dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian stage) of Alberta, Canada.	Atrociraptor	genus
taxon rank	Notropis dorsalis, common name bigmouth shiner, is one of the 324 fish species found in Tennessee.	Notropis dorsalis	species
taxon rank	Nepheronia, commonly called vagrants, is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily of Pierinae endemic to Africa.	Nepheronia	genus
taxon rank	The Euphaeidae are a family of damselflies in the order Odonata sometimes called Epallaginidae.	Euphaeidae	family
taxon rank	Pterocelastrus is a genus of flowering plant in the family Celastraceae.	Pterocelastrus	genus
taxon rank	Piperia cooperi is an uncommon species of orchid known by the common names Cooper's rein orchid and chaparral rein orchid.	Piperia cooperi	species
taxon rank	Chrysallida fenestrata is an ectoparasitic species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Chrysallida fenestrata	species
taxon rank	The superfamily Cavolinioidea is the most speciose group of sea butterflies.	Cavolinioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Heliopsis parvifolia is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, known by the common name Mountain oxeye.	Heliopsis parvifolia	species
taxon rank	Kayentachelys (``Kayenta shell'') is an extinct genus of stem-turtle from the Early Jurassic Kayenta Formation of northern Arizona.	Kayentachelys	genus
taxon rank	The Caspian stellate tadpole-goby (Benthophilus leobergius), also known as the starry goby, is a species of gobiid fish endemic to the Caspian Sea basin.	Caspian stellate tadpole-goby	species
taxon rank	Lestrimelitta limao is a neotropical eusocial bee species found in Brazil and Panama and is part of the Apidae family.	Lestrimelitta limao	species
taxon rank	Neoliotomus is a genus of North American mammal from the Paleocene.	Neoliotomus	genus
taxon rank	Scaphella gouldiana, commonly known as the banded volute is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Scaphella gouldiana	species
taxon rank	Chrysomyxa himalensis, (also called spruce needle rust) is a species of rust fungi in the Coleosporiaceae family that can be found on Rhododendron and Picea species in the Himalayan region of southern Asia and was introduced in the United States.	Chrysomyxa himalensis	species
taxon rank	Stipa turkestanica is a species of grass in the Poaceae family, endemic to India and Russian central and western Asia.	Stipa turkestanica	species
taxon rank	Solenosmilia variabilis is a species of colonial coral in the family Caryophylliidae.	Solenosmilia variabilis	species
taxon rank	Helianthus giganteus (giant sunflower or tall sunflower), is a species of Helianthus native to the eastern United States and eastern and central Canada, from Newfoundland west to Alberta south to Minnesota, Mississippi, and South Carolina.	Helianthus giganteus	species
taxon rank	Neobisium maritimum is a species of pseudoscorpions in the Neobisiidae family, and are the only ones in Neobisium genus.	Neobisium maritimum	species
taxon rank	Agnocoris reclairei is a species of bugs from the Miridae family.	Agnocoris reclairei	species
taxon rank	Hylaeus sanguinipictus is a bee species endemic to Western Australia.	Hylaeus sanguinipictus	species
taxon rank	The genus Savageoceras is a barrandeoceratid first known from the Middle Silurian of Illinois consisting of rapidly enlarging, depressed cyrtocones with a trapazoidal section; ventral side wider and flatter than dorsal; sides converging on dorsum.	Savageoceras	genus
taxon rank	Uloborus gilvus is a spider species found in Italy and Greece.	Uloborus gilvus	species
taxon rank	Parajubaea torallyi, commonly known as the Palma De Pasobaya or Bolivian Mountain Coconut, is a species of evergreen flowering plant of genus Parajubaea, in the Arecaceae family.	Parajubaea torallyi	species
taxon rank	Glandularia gooddingii is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family known by the common name southwestern mock vervain.	Glandularia gooddingii	species
taxon rank	Scyrotis granosa is a species of moth of the Cecidosidae family.	Scyrotis granosa	species
taxon rank	Weejasperaspididae (``Shields of Wee Jasper'') is a family of three extinct acanthothoracid placoderm species indigenous to the Early Devonian of Victoria and New South Wales, Australia.	Weejasperaspididae	family
taxon rank	Xanthocyparis (synonym Callitropsis) is a genus of cypresses in the family Cupressaceae, comprising one species native to North America and one native to Vietnam in southeast Asia.	Xanthocyparis	genus
taxon rank	Hemimyzon megalopseos is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hemimyzon.	Hemimyzon megalopseos	species
taxon rank	Oecomys paricola, also known as the Brazilian oecomys, Brazilian arboreal rice rat, or South Amazonian arboreal rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae.	Oecomys paricola	species
taxon rank	Hakea cucullata, commonly known as hood-leaved hakea or scallop hakea, is a species of shrub in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia.	Hakea cucullata	species
taxon rank	Ellobium aurismidae, common name Midas's Ear Shell, is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing, saltmarsh snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae.	Ellobium aurismidae	species
taxon rank	Uaru fernandezyepezi is a species of cichlid native to South America where it is found in rivers of the Orinoco River basin.	Uaru fernandezyepezi	species
taxon rank	Tomeurus gracilis is a species of poeciliid fish native to South America.	Tomeurus gracilis	species
taxon rank	Tenthredinidae is the largest family of sawflies, with well over 7500 species worldwide.	Tenthredinidae	family
taxon rank	Neocrepidodera transversa is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in everywhere in Europe except for Andorra, Finland, Greece, Latvia, Monaco, Norway, San Marino, Vatican City, and various European islands.	Neocrepidodera transversa	species
taxon rank	Nelson's small-eared shrew (Cryptotis nelsoni) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Nelson's small-eared shrew	species
taxon rank	Toxoptera citricida (syn. Toxoptera citricidus) is a species of aphid known by the common names brown citrus aphid, black citrus aphid, and oriental citrus aphid.	Toxoptera citricida	species
taxon rank	Acaena magellanica, commonly called buzzy burr or greater burnet (cadillo in Spanish), is a species of flowering plant whose range includes southern South America and many subantarctic islands.	Acaena magellanica	species
taxon rank	Dregus glebalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Dregus.	Dregus	species
taxon rank	Orthetrum nitidinerve, also known as Orthetrum baeticum is a freshwater Mediterranean dragonfly species.	Orthetrum nitidinerve	species
taxon rank	Dendrelaphis nigroserratus (common name: sawtooth-necked bronzeback) is a species of snake belonging to the bronzebacks (Dendrelaphis).	Dendrelaphis nigroserratus	species
taxon rank	Ceratops (meaning ``horn face'') is a dubious genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur which lived during the Late Cretaceous.	Ceratops	genus
taxon rank	Plaxiphora australis is a very small species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae.	Plaxiphora australis	species
taxon rank	Bathyclarias is a genus of airbreathing catfish endemic to Lake Malawi in Africa.	Bathyclarias	genus
taxon rank	Liatris cokeri, also known as Coker's gayfeather and sandhills blazing star, is a plant species in the aster family Asteraceae and genus Liatris.	Liatris cokeri	species
taxon rank	Melodorum leichhardtii or Zig-zag vine, is a plant species of rainforest vines native to eastern Australia.	Melodorum leichhardtii	species
taxon rank	The Large Aden gerbil (Gerbillus poecilops) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Large Aden gerbil	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea warszewicziana is a species of orchid found from Costa Rica to western Panama.	Stanhopea warszewicziana	species
taxon rank	Sporogonites was a genus of Lower Devonian land plant with branching axes.	Sporogonites	genus
taxon rank	Andrena, commonly called the mining bee, is the largest genus in the family Andrenidae, and is nearly worldwide in distribution, with the notable exceptions of Oceania and South America.	Andrena	genus
taxon rank	Herpestides is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore that was endemic to North Africa and Southern Europe during the Early Miocene subepoch (22.4--20 mya) and existed for approximately 2.4 million years.	Herpestides	genus
taxon rank	Sisyrinchium is a large genus of annual to perennial plants of the iris family, native to the New World, whose species are known as blue-eyed grasses.	Sisyrinchium	genus
taxon rank	Dongusaurus is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid.	Dongusaurus	genus
taxon rank	Moitessieriidae is a family of small freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Truncatelloidea.	Moitessieriidae	family
taxon rank	Dorycera syriaca is a species of Ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Tephritidae.	Dorycera syriaca	species
taxon rank	Hildenbrandia is a genus of thalloid red alga comprising 26 species.	Hildenbrandia	genus
taxon rank	Plegiocidaris is an extinct genus of echinoid that lived from the Triassic to the Early Cretaceous.	Plegiocidaris	genus
taxon rank	Basilissopsis regina is a species of extremely small deep water sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.	Basilissopsis regina	species
taxon rank	Zenaspis is an extinct genus of jawless fish which existed during the early Devonian period.	Zenaspis	genus
taxon rank	Pteronemacheilus lucidorsum is a species of stone loach endemic to the Irrawaddy Basin, Myanmar.	Pteronemacheilus lucidorsum	species
taxon rank	Major's pine vole (Microtus majori) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae found in Caucasus region and its vicinities (Russia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Turkey, Iran).	Major's pine vole	species
taxon rank	Carex abrupta is a species of sedge known by the common name abrupt-beaked sedge or abruptbeak sedge.	Carex abrupta	species
taxon rank	Brachinus baeticus is a species of ground beetle from the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.	Brachinus baeticus	species
taxon rank	Acer taurocursum is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a single fossil samara found in Late Eocene akebed sediments exposed in the state of Nevada, US.	Acer taurocursum	species
taxon rank	Apostichopus is a genus of sea cucumber.	Apostichopus	genus
taxon rank	Anisolepis is a small genus of polychrotid lizards.	Anisolepis	genus
taxon rank	Formica pacifica is an ant species occupying the Pacific coast of the United States and British Columbia, Canada.	Formica pacifica	species
taxon rank	Ectocarpus is a genus of filamentous brown alga (Heterokontophyta) that is a model organism for the genomics of multicellularity.	Ectocarpus	genus
taxon rank	Speleonectes atlantida is a species of eyeless crustacean in the order Nectiopoda.	Speleonectes atlantida	species
taxon rank	Aglaia lepiorrhachis is a species of plant in the family Meliaceae.	Aglaia lepiorrhachis	species
taxon rank	Centrolene acanthidiocephalum (common name Santander giant glass frog) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.	Centrolene acanthidiocephalum	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Pterothrixidia rufella, which is found in France, Spain, Switzerland, Italy, the Balkan Peninsula, Ukraine, Russia, Kazakhstan, Turkey and Iran.	Pterothrixidia	species
taxon rank	Honckenya peploides, the sea sandwort (UK) or seaside sandplant (Canada), is the only species in the genus Honckenya of the flowering plant family Caryophyllaceae.	Honckenya	species
taxon rank	Cyclopalpia violescens is a species of snout moth in the genus Cyclopalpia.	Cyclopalpia violescens	species
taxon rank	Nephrotoma quadrifaria is a species of true cranefly found in most of Europe, but absent from the Iberian peninsula.	Nephrotoma quadrifaria	species
taxon rank	Kotlassia is an extinct genus of Reptiliomorpha.	Kotlassia	genus
taxon rank	Alicellidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans, which live as scavengers in the deep sea (at depths of 706--8,480 metres or 2,316--27,822 feet), often in association with hydrothermal vents.	Alicellidae	family
taxon rank	Liocarcinus marmoreus, sometimes known as the marbled swimming crab, is a species of crab found in the northern Atlantic Ocean and North Sea.	Liocarcinus marmoreus	species
taxon rank	Dorycera hybrida is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Ulidiidae found in France, Ukraine, Greece, and Turkey.	Dorycera hybrida	species
taxon rank	Sophora saxicola is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Jamaica.	Sophora saxicola	species
taxon rank	Melicope quadrangularis (also called four angle melicope or four-angled pelea) is a species of plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae.	Melicope quadrangularis	species
taxon rank	The Green's Gem, Libellago greeni, is a species of damselfly in the family Chlorocyphidae.	Libellago greeni	species
taxon rank	Agathiceras anceps is a species of Agathiceras, named by Gemmellaro in 1887.	Agathiceras anceps	species
taxon rank	The Colletidae are a family of bees, and are often referred to collectively as plasterer bees or polyester bees, due to the method of smoothing the walls of their nest cells with secretions applied with their mouthparts; these secretions dry into a cellophane-like lining.	Colletidae	family
taxon rank	Leuchtenbergia principis (agave cactus or prism cactus), the sole species of the genus Leuchtenbergia, is a species of cactus.	Leuchtenbergia	species
taxon rank	Thaumeledone gunteri is a species of small, benthic, deep-sea octopus found in the bathyal zone in the Southern Ocean near South Georgia.	Thaumeledone gunteri	species
taxon rank	Oxypetalum coeruleum is a species of flowering plant, native to South America from southern Brazil to Uruguay.	Oxypetalum coeruleum	species
taxon rank	Pittsfordipterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid from the Silurian period in North America.	Pittsfordipterus	genus
taxon rank	Ligusticum huteri is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family, endemic to the Serra de Tramuntana on Majorca, Spain.	Ligusticum huteri	species
taxon rank	Abies spectabilis (East Himalayan fir) is a conifer species in the family Pinaceae and the genus firs.	Abies spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Cycas orixensis is an endemic species found in the Indian state of Odisha.	Cycas orixensis	species
taxon rank	Farfantepenaeus duorarum is a species of marine penaeid shrimp found around Bermuda, along the east coast of the United States and in the Gulf of Mexico.	Farfantepenaeus duorarum	species
taxon rank	Cosmochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Eocene of Africa.	Cosmochelys	genus
taxon rank	Taxus sumatrana is an evergreen shrub and one of the eight species of the yew.	Taxus sumatrana	species
taxon rank	Pygaeus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene of Italy.	Pygaeus	genus
taxon rank	Gambian pouched rats have become an invasive species on Grassy Key in the Florida Keys, after a private breeder allowed the animals to escape.	Gambian pouched rat	species
taxon rank	Poa sandvicensis is a rare species of grass known by the common name Hawaiian bluegrass.	Poa sandvicensis	species
taxon rank	Monodilepas monilifera is a species of small sea snail or limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Monodilepas monilifera	species
taxon rank	Lamprima adolphinae is a species of stag beetle in the Lucanidae family that can be found on New Guinea and Papua.	Lamprima adolphinae	species
taxon rank	Russula albidula is a species of mushroom in the Russula genus.	Russula albidula	species	species	species
taxon rank	Pogonomyrmex is a genus of harvester ants, occurring primarily in the deserts of North, Central, and South America, with a single endemic species from Haiti.	Pogonomyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Phyllophaga nebulosa is a species of june beetle endemic to Jones Lake State Park in North Carolina.	Phyllophaga nebulosa	species
taxon rank	The Red River mudpuppy (Necturus maculosus louisianensis), also called Louisiana waterdog, is a subspecies of mudpuppy.	Red River mudpuppy	subspecies
taxon rank	Psychocidaridae is a family of sea urchins in the order Cidaroida.	Psychocidaridae	family
taxon rank	Calmonia is an extinct genus of trilobite.	Calmonia	genus
taxon rank	Dicotylichthys punctulatus also known as the Three-bar porcupinefish is a species of porcupinefish endemic to Australia, where it is found in reef environments down to 50 m (160 ft) deep.	Dicotylichthys punctulatus	species
taxon rank	Hydrangea paniculata (panicled hydrangea) is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangaceae native to southern and eastern China, Korea, Japan and Russia (Sakhalin).	Hydrangea paniculata	species
taxon rank	Partubiola blancha is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae,.	Partubiola blancha	species
taxon rank	Anoectochilus sandvicensis (also called Hawaii Jewel-orchid) is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family.	Anoectochilus sandvicensis	species
taxon rank	Plumeria clusioides is a species of the genus Plumeria in the family Apocynaceae.	Plumeria clusioides	species
taxon rank	Pachyiulus speciosus is a species of millipede from Julidae family that is endemic to Greece.	Pachyiulus speciosus	species
taxon rank	Dryadocoris apicalis is a species of shield bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae.	Dryadocoris apicalis	species
taxon rank	Carabus obsoletus carpathicus is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Czech Republic, Moldova, Romania, and Ukraine.	Carabus obsoletus carpathicus	subspecies
taxon rank	The Stuttering frog is a large species of frog that inhabits temperate and sub-tropical rainforest and wet sclerophyll forest in Australia.	Stuttering frog	species
taxon rank	The Lamiales are an order in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants.	Lamiales	order
taxon rank	Oligosoma is a genus of small to medium-sized skinks (family Scincidae) found only in New Zealand as well as Norfolk and Lord Howe islands.	Oligosoma	genus
taxon rank	Xiphactinus (from Latin and Greek for ``sword-ray'') is an extinct genus of large (4.5 to 6 m (15 to 20 feet) long) predatory marine bony fish that lived during the Late Cretaceous.	Xiphactinus	genus
taxon rank	Auroraceratops, meaning ``dawn horned face'', is a genus of basal neoceratopsian dinosaur, from the Early Cretaceous (Aptian age) of north central China and South Korea.	Auroraceratops	genus
taxon rank	Prionosciadium saraviki, common name saraviki, is a plant species in the genus Prionosciadium, in the carrot family, Apiaceae.	Prionosciadium saraviki	species
taxon rank	Physalaemus is a large genus of leptodactylid frogs.	Physalaemus	genus
taxon rank	Mycobacterium lacus is a species of bacteria in the Mycobacterium family known to be a causative agent in immunocompetent individuals.	Mycobacterium lacus	species
taxon rank	Antispila voraginella is a species of moth of the Heliozelidae family.	Antispila voraginella	species
taxon rank	Eurotrochilus is an extinct genus of primitive hummingbird.	Eurotrochilus	genus
taxon rank	Aronia melanocarpa, called the black chokeberry, is a North American species of shrubs in the rose family.	Aronia melanocarpa	species
taxon rank	Geranium is a genus of 422 species of flowering annual, biennial, and perennial plants that are commonly known as the cranesbills.	Geranium	genus
taxon rank	Valgus hemipterus is a smallish species of scarab beetle (family Scarabaeidae) found in the Northern Hemisphere.	Valgus hemipterus	species
taxon rank	Neoscopelus is a genus of blackchins.	Neoscopelus	genus
taxon rank	Crassostrea ariakensis, the Suminoe oyster, is a species of true oyster which inhabits intertidal hard grounds and substrate, as well as muddy creeks of warm estuaries throughout the western Pacific.	Crassostrea ariakensis	species
taxon rank	Paradoxoglanis is a genus of electric catfishes native to Africa where all of the known species are endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Paradoxoglanis	genus
taxon rank	Oreomunnea mexicana is a species of plant in the family Juglandaceae, which grows in the tropical rain forests of Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and Panama at altitudes from 1--1.7 km. Common names include Guayabo amarillo and Remiendo.	Oreomunnea mexicana	species
taxon rank	Ageneiosus polystictus is a species of driftwood catfish of the family Auchenipteridae.	Ageneiosus polystictus	species
taxon rank	Argentipallium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae.	Argentipallium	genus
taxon rank	Bocainella minima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Bocainella.	Bocainella minima	species
taxon rank	Kyitchaungia is a genus of adapiform primate that lived in Asia during the Eocene.	Kyitchaungia	genus
taxon rank	Cheilanthes intertexta, reclassified as Myriopteris intertexta, is a species of lip fern known by the common name coastal lip fern.	Cheilanthes intertexta	species
taxon rank	Moquinia is a genus of flowering plants in the Moquinia tribe within the sunflower family.	Moquinia	genus
taxon rank	Satyrium coriifolium is a species of orchid endemic to southwestern and southern Cape Province.	Satyrium coriifolium	species
taxon rank	Oxystylis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants currently considered a part of the cleome family containing the single species Oxystylis lutea, which is known by the common name spiny caper.	Oxystylis	genus
taxon rank	Mangifera odorata (also called kwini, kuwini mango, Saipan mango, or fragrant mango) is a species of plant in the family Anacardiaceae.	Mangifera odorata	species
taxon rank	Paraclinus altivelis, the Topgallant blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Gulf of California where it can be found in the vicinity of reefs at depths of from 7.6 to 30 metres (25 to 98 ft).	Paraclinus altivelis	species
taxon rank	The Plagiorchiida are a large order of flatworms (synonym is Echinostomida).	Plagiorchiida	order
taxon rank	Clavisybra strandiella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Clavisybra.	Clavisybra strandiella	species
taxon rank	Thriambeutis hemicausta is a species of moth of the family Heliodinidae.	Thriambeutis hemicausta	species
taxon rank	Lycaste macrophylla is a species of terrestrial orchid native to Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Peru and Bolivia.	Lycaste macrophylla	species
taxon rank	Cumanotus is a genus of sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Flabellinidae.	Cumanotus	genus
taxon rank	Fangfangia spinocleithralis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Indonesia where it is found in the peat swamp forests of Kalimantan Tengah, Borneo.	Fangfangia spinocleithralis	species
taxon rank	Amolops kangtingensis (common name: Kangting sucker frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Kangding County in western Sichuan, China.	Amolops kangtingensis	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha acuta is a species of praying mantis found on Madagascar and in Tanzania.	Hoplocorypha acuta	species
taxon rank	Procambarus clarkii is a freshwater crayfish species, native to the Southeastern United States, but found also on other continents, where it is often an invasive pest.	Procambarus clarkii	species
taxon rank	Moodna ostrinella, the darker moodna moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Moodna.	Moodna ostrinella	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus yarraensis, commonly known as Yarra gum, is a tree species that is endemic to Victoria, Australia.	Eucalyptus yarraensis	species
taxon rank	Georgenthalia is an extinct genus of dissorophoid temnospondyl from the Lower Permian.	Georgenthalia	genus
taxon rank	Apebusu rubriventris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Apebusu.	Apebusu rubriventris	species
taxon rank	Nectandra krugii, Krug's sweetwood, is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family.	Nectandra krugii	species
taxon rank	Ribes montigenum is a species of currant known by the common names mountain gooseberry, alpine prickly currant, western prickly gooseberry,and gooseberry currant.	Ribes montigenum	species
taxon rank	Oreolalax major (common lazy toad or large toothed toad) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Oreolalax major	species
taxon rank	Goniobranchus albomaculatus is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.	Goniobranchus albomaculatus	species
taxon rank	Lagenida is an order of benthic foraminiferal protists in which the tests (shells) are monolamellar, with walls composed of optically and ultra-structurally radiate calcite, with the crystallographic c-axes perpendicular to the surface.	Lagenida	order
taxon rank	Balitora annamitica is a species of hill-stream loach from the Mekong River Basin in Cambodia, Thailand, and Laos, and possibly Vietnam.	Balitora annamitica	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe is a genus of plants in the buckwheat family known generally as spineflowers.	Chorizanthe	genus
taxon rank	Paramecium caudatum is a species of unicellular organisms belonging to the genus Paramecium of the phylum Ciliophora.	Paramecium caudatum	species
taxon rank	Brachyhypopomus walteri is a species of electric knifefish.	Brachyhypopomus walteri	species
taxon rank	Heteropoda davidbowie is a species of huntsman spider of the Heteropoda genus.	Heteropoda davidbowie	species
taxon rank	Carex praticola is a species of sedge known by the common name meadow sedge.	Carex praticola	species
taxon rank	Leptoceratopsidae is an extinct family of neoceratopsian dinosaurs from Asia and North America.	Leptoceratopsidae	family
taxon rank	It is endemic to New Caledonia and the only species of the genus Hooglandia.	Hooglandia	genus
taxon rank	Ankylomyrma is a genus of large arboreal ants in the subfamily Agroecomyrmecinae.	Ankylomyrma	genus
taxon rank	Mitra papalis, common name the Papal/Pontifical Mitre, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters.	Mitra papalis	species
taxon rank	Mimocoedomea fusca is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimocoedomea.	Mimocoedomea fusca	species
taxon rank	Oryzias carnaticus or the spotted ricefish are a freshwater--brackish fish species native to the India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and Myanmar.	Oryzias carnaticus	species
taxon rank	Equus stenonis or the Stenon zebra, was a Pleistocene species of zebra, now extinct, that inhabited North America, Europe, North Africa and Asia.	Equus stenonis	species
taxon rank	Collenia is genus of fossil cyanobacteria that form a particular type of stromatolites.	Collenia	genus
taxon rank	Mertensophryne uzunguensis (common name: Uzungwe toad or Udzungwa toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Mertensophryne uzunguensis	species
taxon rank	Ripogonum (sometimes Rhipogonum) is a genus of flowering plants confined to eastern Australia, New Zealand, and New Guinea.	Ripogonum	genus
taxon rank	Euphorbia palustris (marsh spurge or marsh euphorbia) is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae, native to marshland throughout much of mainland Europe and western Asia.	Euphorbia palustris	species
taxon rank	Aechmea aciculosa is an epiphytic species in the genus Aechmea.	Aechmea aciculosa	species
taxon rank	Euconulus alderi is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Euconulus alderi	species
taxon rank	Hesperolinon serpentinum (now Hesperolinon sharsmithae) is a rare species of flowering plant in the flax family known by the common name Napa dwarf flax, or Napa western flax.	Hesperolinon serpentinum	species
taxon rank	Lactuca biennis is a North American species of wild lettuce known by the common names tall blue lettuce and blue wood lettuce.	Lactuca biennis	species
taxon rank	Parastrapotherium is an extinct genus of South American land mammal that existed from the Late Oligocene (Deseadan SALMA) to the Early Miocene (Colhuehuapian SALMA) 28.1 to 23.03 million years ago.	Parastrapotherium	genus
taxon rank	Shewanella is the sole genus included in the Shewanellaceae family of marine bacteria, some species within it were formerly classed as Alteromonas.	Shewanella	genus
taxon rank	Epilobium septentrionale, with the common names Humboldt County fuchsia and northern willowherb, is a species of willowherb.	Epilobium septentrionale	species
taxon rank	Werauhia balanophora is a bromeliad species in the genus Werauhia.	Werauhia balanophora	species
taxon rank	Labeobarbus rocadasi is a species of cyprinid fish that occurs in the Nyong River in Cameroon and in the Quanza and Lucalla rivers in Angola.	Labeobarbus rocadasi	species
taxon rank	It was described by Amsel, in 1961, and contains the species Amechedia pagmanella.	Amechedia	species
taxon rank	Penicillium oxalicum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from rhizosphere soil of pearl millet.	Penicillium oxalicum	species
taxon rank	Cupeyalia subterranea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cupeyalia.	Cupeyalia subterranea	species
taxon rank	Ocotea foetens, commonly called til, tilo, stinkwood, or rain tree of Hierro island, is a species of tree in the Lauraceae family.	Ocotea foetens	species
taxon rank	Racinaea kessleri is a species in the genus Racinaea.	Racinaea kessleri	species
taxon rank	Loxolexis is an Afrotropical genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.	Loxolexis	genus
taxon rank	Aetobatus poeyi is an extinct species of eagle ray that lived during the Miocene.	Aetobatus poeyi	species
taxon rank	The Middendorff's grasshopper warbler (Locustella ochotensis) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.	Middendorff's grasshopper warbler	species
taxon rank	Pavonia lasiopetala is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names that include Texas swamp-mallow, Wright pavonia, and rock rose.	Pavonia lasiopetala	species
taxon rank	Sthenaster emmae is a species of deep sea corallivores (preys on deep-sea corals).	Sthenaster emmae	species
taxon rank	The Colpodea are a class of ciliates, of about 200 species common in freshwater and soil habitats.	Colpodea	class
taxon rank	Uruyiella is an extinct genus of laidleriid temnospondyl from Permian or Triassic deposits of Buena Vista Formation of Uruguay.	Uruyiella	genus
taxon rank	Nama aretioides is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name ground nama.	Nama aretioides	species
taxon rank	Ageratina concordiana is a species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family, native to the State of Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico.	Ageratina concordiana	species
taxon rank	Nirodia belphegor is a butterfly species in the family Lycaenidae and the monotypic genus Nirodia.	Nirodia belphegor	species
taxon rank	Baeocrara is a genus of featherwing beetles named because of the intricate structure of their flight wings, which have a long fringe of hairs on their borders.	Baeocrara	genus
taxon rank	Aphonopelma smithi is a relatively skittish species, and can be disturbed easily.	Aphonopelma smithi	species
taxon rank	Salinella salve is a dubious species of very simple animal that may not exist, but which some have named as the sole member of the phylum Monoblastozoa.	Salinella	species
taxon rank	Ribes thacherianum, with the common name Santa Cruz gooseberry, or Santa Cruz Island gooseberry, is a rare North American species of currant found only on one island off the coast of California.	Ribes thacherianum	species
taxon rank	Zosterogrammidae is an extinct family of millipedes containing three genera, each with a single species.	Zosterogrammidae	family
taxon rank	Haplophyton (cockroach plant) is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1844.	Haplophyton	genus
taxon rank	Limonia acidissima is the only species within the monotypic genus Limonia.	Limonia acidissima	species
taxon rank	Pogogyne serpylloides is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names thymeleaf mesamint and thymeleaf beardstyle.	Pogogyne serpylloides	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ascofascicula talaroluteoides.	Ascofascicula	species
taxon rank	Paratlepolemoides spiniscapus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paratlepolemoides.	Paratlepolemoides spiniscapus	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces kanamyceticus is a bacterial species in the genus Streptomyces.	Streptomyces kanamyceticus	species
taxon rank	The material was not described until 2011, when the new species Spinops sternbergorum was erected.	Spinops	species
taxon rank	Antrodia serialiformis is a species of polypore fungus in the family Fomitopsidaceae.	Antrodia serialiformis	species
taxon rank	The sole species is Nesocodon mauritianus, formerly known as Wahlenbergia mauritiana, which is endemic to the island of Mauritius.	Nesocodon	species
taxon rank	Agoseris glauca is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names pale agoseris, prairie agoseris, and short-beaked agoseris.	Agoseris glauca	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus turpes (common name: Htingnan flying frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to northern Myanmar.	Rhacophorus turpes	species
taxon rank	Pseudapomecyna klugii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudapomecyna.	Pseudapomecyna klugii	species
taxon rank	Ectima is a brush-footed butterfly genus found in South America.	Ectima	genus
taxon rank	Eutropis andamanensis is a species of skink found in the Andaman Islands of India.	Eutropis andamanensis	species
taxon rank	Colchicum baytopiorum is a plant species native to western Turkey and to the Greek Island of Rhodes (although possibly extinct there).	Colchicum baytopiorum	species
taxon rank	Haliotid herpesvirus 1 is the only known species in the genus Haliotivirus.	Haliotid herpesvirus 1	species
taxon rank	Triops cancriformis, or tadpole shrimp, is a species of tadpole shrimp found in Europe to the Middle East and India.	Triops cancriformis	species
taxon rank	Iris lazica (Lazistan iris) is a species of flowering plant in the family Iridaceae, native to the Black Sea Coast of Turkey and southern Georgia, and also cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions.	Iris lazica	species
taxon rank	Echinosphaerites is a genus of rhombiferan echinoderm (a cystoid) that lived in the Early and Middle Ordovician of North America and Europe (Bockelie, 1981).	Echinosphaerites	genus
taxon rank	The Anaeroplasmatales are an order of mollicute bacteria.	Anaeroplasmatales	order
taxon rank	Trigonocyttara clandestina is a moth in the Psychidae family, and the only species in the genus Trigonocyttara.	Trigonocyttara clandestina	species
taxon rank	Ephemeridae is a family of mayflies with about 150 described species found throughout the world except Australia and Oceania.	Ephemeridae	family
taxon rank	Berberis vulgaris (European barberry) is the alternate host species of the wheat rust fungus (Puccinia graminis), a grass-infecting rust fungus that is a serious fungal disease of wheat and related grains.	Berberis vulgaris	species
taxon rank	Chromidotilapiini is a tribe of small cichlids from tropical West and Middle Africa.	Chromidotilapiini	tribe
taxon rank	Mount Lefo brush-furred mouse (Lophuromys eisentrauti) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Lophuromys eisentrauti	species
taxon rank	Heteroderinae is a subfamily of roundworms.	Heteroderinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Juncus acuminatus is a species of rush known by the common names tapertip rush, tufted rush and sharp-fruited rush.	Juncus acuminatus	species
taxon rank	Caudellia colorella is a species of snout moth in the genus Caudellia.	Caudellia colorella	species
taxon rank	Krithodeophyton is a genus of lower Devonian plant with branching axes.	Krithodeophyton	genus
taxon rank	Mordellistena amamiensis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, which is in the Mordellistena genus.	Mordellistena amamiensis	species
taxon rank	Pododesmus rudis, or the false jingle shell, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Anomiidae.	Pododesmus rudis	species
taxon rank	Megacephala oleadorsa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1992, and is endemic to Australia.	Megacephala oleadorsa	species
taxon rank	Fabiola quinqueferella is a species of Oecophoridae moth in the genus Fabiola.	Fabiola quinqueferella	species
taxon rank	Chlorurus perspicillatus, known commonly as the Spectacled Parrotfish, is a species of marine fish in the family Scaridae.	Chlorurus perspicillatus	species
taxon rank	Pandanus boninensis is an Asian species of plant that is endemic to and common in the Distylium-Schima dry forests and Raphiolepsis-Livistona dry forests of the Ogasawara Islands, Japan.	Pandanus boninensis	species
taxon rank	Agalinis skinneriana is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common names Skinner's gerardia, Skinner's false foxglove and pale false foxglove.	Agalinis skinneriana	species
taxon rank	Thoracocharax is a genus of freshwater hatchetfishes found in the Amazon, Orinoco and Paraná basins in South America.	Thoracocharax	genus
taxon rank	Coryphomys is an extinct genus of rats, known from sub-fossils found on Timor.	Coryphomys	genus
taxon rank	Teramulus kieneri, the Keiner's silverside or vily, is a species of silverside endemic to Madagascar where it is found in rivers.	Teramulus kieneri	species
taxon rank	Xanthium spinosum is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by many common names, including spiny cocklebur, prickly burweed and Bathurst burr.	Xanthium spinosum	species
taxon rank	Ipheion uniflorum is a species of flowering plant, related to the onions, so is placed in the allium subfamily (Allioideae) of the Amaryllidaceae.	Ipheion uniflorum	species
taxon rank	† Daphnobela minutissima is an extinct species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc with a brown shell measuring approximately 2.5mm in length.	Daphnobela minutissima	species
taxon rank	Lithornis is a genus of extinct paleognathous birds.	Lithornis	genus
taxon rank	Chalybion is a genus of blue mud dauber wasps in the family Sphecidae.	Chalybion	genus
taxon rank	Ytu artemis is a species of myxophagan beetle in the genus Ytu.	Ytu artemis	species
taxon rank	Goodyera are a wide-ranging genus of orchid, one of approximately 800 described Orchidaceae genera within that large and diverse family.	Goodyera	genus
taxon rank	Erythronium taylorii is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Pilot Ridge fawn lily, Taylor's fawnlily, and Yosemite fawn lily.	Erythronium taylorii	species
taxon rank	Chiayusuchus is an extinct genus of stomatosuchid crocodylomorph.	Chiayusuchus	genus
taxon rank	Goniacodon is an extinct genus from the Paleocene of North America.	Goniacodon	genus
taxon rank	Ustilaginomycetes is the class of true smut fungi.	Ustilaginomycetes	class
taxon rank	Agathis borneensis, also known as borneo kauri, is a species of conifer in the Araucariaceae family.	Agathis borneensis	species
taxon rank	Hadogenes is a genus of large African scorpions (including the worlds longest, Hadogenes troglodytes) found from South Africa up to Tanzania.	Hadogenes	genus
taxon rank	Boehm's bush squirrel (Paraxerus boehmi) is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae found in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.	Boehm's bush squirrel	species
taxon rank	Abacetus poeciloides is a species of ground beetle, in the subfamily Pterostichinae.	Abacetus poeciloides	species
taxon rank	Gyarancita rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Gyarancita.	Gyarancita rondoni	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Ranohira silvestris, which is found in Madagascar.	Ranohira silvestris	species
taxon rank	Pontederia is a genus of tristylous aquatic plants, members of which are commonly known as pickerel weeds.	Pontederia	genus
taxon rank	Eupoa prima is a species of jumping spider from Vietnam.	Eupoa prima	species
taxon rank	Boschniakia is a small genus of three species of parasitic plant in the broomrape family.	Boschniakia	genus
taxon rank	Gymnosoma filiola is a Nearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.	Gymnosoma filiola	species
taxon rank	Hemiculter is a genus of cyprinid fish, consisting of eight species native to fresh water of eastern Asia (Siberia to Vietnam).	Hemiculter	genus
taxon rank	Odontomantis planiceps, common names grass mantis and Asian ant mantis (due to ant mimicry when young), is a species of praying mantis.	Odontomantis planiceps	species
taxon rank	Asteroceras stellare, the True Star Ammonite, is an extinct species of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass and to the family Arietitidae.	Asteroceras stellare	species
taxon rank	Actinostachys is a small genus of small ferns originally included in the genus Schizaea.	Actinostachys	genus
taxon rank	Lanmaoa fragrans is a rare species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae found in Europe.	Lanmaoa fragrans	species
taxon rank	Acuticryphops is a genus of trilobite that lived during the late Frasnian, particularly between the Lower and Upper Kellwasser horizons.	Acuticryphops	genus
taxon rank	Trimeresurus gumprechti (Gumprecht's green pitviper) is a species of venomous pitviper endemic to Asia.	Trimeresurus gumprechti	species
taxon rank	Amaranthus fimbriatus is a species of glabrous flowering plant.	Amaranthus fimbriatus	species
taxon rank	Chrysopsis highlandsensis, called the Highlands goldenaster, is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Chrysopsis highlandsensis	species
taxon rank	Carex festucacea or fescue sedge is a species of sedge that lives in eastern North America.	Carex festucacea	species
taxon rank	Avitabatrachus uliana is the single species in the extinct genus Avitabatrachus, a genus of prehistoric frogs that lived in the Middle Cretaceous.	Avitabatrachus uliana	species
taxon rank	Eogyrinidae is an extinct family of large, long-bodied tetrapods that lived in the rivers of the Late Carboniferous period.	Eogyrinidae	family
taxon rank	Ansonia endauensis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae found in the Endau-Rompin National Park in southern peninsular Malaysia.	Ansonia endauensis	species
taxon rank	Goniothalamus thwaitesii is a species of small tree in the Annonaceae family.	Goniothalamus thwaitesii	species
taxon rank	The Hysteriales are an order of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes, subclass Pleosporomycetidae.	Hysteriales	order
taxon rank	Danaoceras is the ancestral genus of the Polyelasmoceratidae and is possibly derived from either Oonoceras or Oocerina of the Oncoceratidae based on similarities of the siphuncle	Danaoceras	genus
taxon rank	Saxatilomys is a genus of murid rodent native to central Laos and Vietnam, containing the sole species Saxatilomys paulinae (commonly known as Pauline's limestone rat).	Saxatilomys	genus
taxon rank	Hypleurochilus pseudoaequipinnis is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Atlantic ocean.	Hypleurochilus pseudoaequipinnis	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe ventricosa, common name Priest Valley spineflower, is a plant species endemic to a small region in the Coastal Ranges of west-central California.	Chorizanthe ventricosa	species
taxon rank	Cirriformia tentaculata, is a species of marine polychaete worm in the family Cirratulidae.	Cirriformia tentaculata	species
taxon rank	Aphanisma is a monotypic genus which contains the sole species Aphanisma blitoides, a rare annual plant known by the common names San Diego coastalcreeper or simply aphanisma.	Aphanisma	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum umbellatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name sulphurflower buckwheat, or simply sulphur flower.	Eriogonum umbellatum	species
taxon rank	Buddleja americana is the most widespread of all the Buddleja species native to the Americas, its range extending south from Tamaulipas, Mexico, through Central America and much of the West Indies into South America, reaching eastward to Venezuela, westward as far as the Galapagos, and south to Bolivia.	Buddleja americana	species
taxon rank	Endomychidae, or handsome fungus beetles, is a family of beetles with representatives found in all ecozones.	Endomychidae	family
taxon rank	Tilopteridales is an order of brown algae (class Phaeophyceae) with isomorphic alternation of generations.	Tilopteridales	order
taxon rank	Oxyporus similis is a species of fungus in the Schizoporaceae family.	Oxyporus similis	species
taxon rank	Phungia rufa is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, which is in the genus Phungia.	Phungia rufa	species
taxon rank	Quadrastichus erythrinae Kim, 2004, (quadra=four, stichus=line, erythrinae=of erythrina) is a small parasitoid wasp belonging to the family Eulophidae, but also a secondary phytophage by way of inducing galls on the leaves, stems, petioles and young shoots of various Erythrina species.	Quadrastichus erythrinae	species
taxon rank	Kryptopterus piperatus is a species of Asian glass catfish from northern Sumatra.	Kryptopterus piperatus	species
taxon rank	Greeneyes are deep-sea aulopiform marine fishes in the small family Chlorophthalmidae.	Greeneye	family
taxon rank	Apetahia is a genus of plants native to various islands of French Polynesia in the South Pacific.	Apetahia	genus
taxon rank	Buddleja tibetica was a species sunk as Buddleja crispa by Leeuwenberg in 1979, and treated as such in the subsequent Flora of China; however, the plant remains widely known by its former epithet in horticulture.	Buddleja tibetica	species
taxon rank	Sagina procumbens is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names procumbent pearlwort, birdeye pearlwort and matted pearlwort.	Sagina procumbens	species
taxon rank	Dasypsyllus is a widespread genus of fleas.	Dasypsyllus	genus
taxon rank	Manilkara pleeana (zapote de costa) is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family.	Manilkara pleeana	species
taxon rank	Vallonia parvula or trumpet vallonia is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.	Vallonia parvula	species
taxon rank	Lagarostrobos franklinii is a species of conifer native to the wet southwestern corner of Tasmania, Australia.	Lagarostrobos	species
taxon rank	Astragalus cimae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Cima milkvetch.	Astragalus cimae	species
taxon rank	Grammatostomias flagellibarba, is a species of barbeled dragonfish.	Grammatostomias flagellibarba	species
taxon rank	Squalius keadicus, is a species of fresh-water fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Squalius keadicus	species
taxon rank	Salvia mohavensis (Mojave sage) is a species of sage endemic to the Mojave Desert.	Salvia mohavensis	species
taxon rank	Agonum belleri, sometimes called Beller's ground beetle, is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily.	Agonum belleri	species
taxon rank	Cirsium pulcherrimum, called Wyoming thistle , is a North American species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family.	Cirsium pulcherrimum	species
taxon rank	Raphitoma is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.	Raphitoma	genus
taxon rank	Dissothrix is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae.	Dissothrix	genus
taxon rank	Macropetalichthys is a genus of placoderm fish, named by Norwood and Owen in 1846; the name ``Macropetalichthys'' means ``armour-plated fish''.	Macropetalichthys	genus
taxon rank	Sclerotheca is a genus of plants native to various islands in the South Pacific.	Sclerotheca	genus
taxon rank	Palaemonetes paludosus, the eastern grass shrimp, is a species of freshwater shrimp from the Eastern United States.	Palaemonetes paludosus	species
taxon rank	Pseudolithoxus nicoi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the upper Negro and Casiquiare canal basins.	Pseudolithoxus nicoi	species
taxon rank	Dendropsophus labialis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, known commonly as the Green Dotted Treefrog.	Dendropsophus labialis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium citrinum is an anamorph, mesophilic fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces tanzawaic acid A-D, ACC, Mevastatin, Quinocitrinine A, Quinocitrinine B, and nephrotoxic citrinin.	Penicillium citrinum	species
taxon rank	Euonymus hamiltonianus is a species of flowering plant in the family Celastraceae known by the common names Hamilton's spindletree, Himalayan spindle and Hamilton's spindle.	Euonymus hamiltonianus	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species Mannina hagnoleuca, which can be found in Mexico.	Mannina	species
taxon rank	Turbinidae, the turban snails, are a family of small to large marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Trochoidea.	Turbinidae	family
taxon rank	Heisteria pallida is a plant species in the genus Heisteria found in Brazil.	Heisteria pallida	species
taxon rank	Bursera stenophylla is a Mexican species of trees in the Frankincense Family in the soapwood order.	Bursera stenophylla	species
taxon rank	Sinopoda forcipata is a species of spider in the family Sparassidae.	Sinopoda forcipata	species
taxon rank	Diaporthales is an order of sac fungi.	Diaporthales	order
taxon rank	The Paralithodes californiensis, also known as the spiny king crab and the California king crab, is a species of king crab.	Paralithodes californiensis	species
taxon rank	Ptychophorae is a suborder of rhizostome jellyfish, identified in 2013 by Gershwin and Davie.	Ptychophorae	suborder
taxon rank	Menippidae is a family of crabs of the order Decapoda.	Menippidae	family
taxon rank	Tachina lurida is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found everywhere in Europe, except for Albania, Belarus, Estonia, Ireland, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, San Marino, Scandinavia, Slovenia, Vatican City, and various European islands.	Tachina lurida	species
taxon rank	Procetichthys kreffti is a species of flabby whalefish found at depths of around 2,200 metres (7,200 ft) in the Atlantic Ocean.	Procetichthys kreffti	species
taxon rank	Box jellyfish (class Cubozoa) are cnidarian invertebrates distinguished by their cube-shaped medusae.	Box jellyfish	class
taxon rank	Hieracium parryi is a North American plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Hieracium parryi	species
taxon rank	Lycium fremontii is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family, Solanaceae, that is native to northwestern Mexico and the southernmost mountains and deserts of California and Arizona in the United States.	Lycium fremontii	species
taxon rank	Conchaspis capensis is a species of scale insect from South Africa found on Metalasia muricata and Phylica species.	Conchaspis capensis	species
taxon rank	Barbus mimus (Ewaso Nyiro barb) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Barbus mimus	species
taxon rank	Schoenoplectus etuberculatus, Canby's bulrush, is a plant species native to the United States.	Schoenoplectus etuberculatus	species
taxon rank	The Selangor pygmy flying squirrel (Petaurillus kinlochii) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Selangor pygmy flying squirrel	species
taxon rank	Dimorphostylis echinata is a species of crustacean from the Diastylidae family.	Dimorphostylis echinata	species
taxon rank	Viverra leakeyi, also known as Leakey's civet or the giant civet, is an extinct species of civet.	Viverra leakeyi	species
taxon rank	Puccinellia nuttalliana is a species of grass known by the common name Nuttall's alkaligrass.	Puccinellia nuttalliana	species
taxon rank	Megalechis picta, the Tail bar armored catfish, Tail bar hoplo or Spotted Hoplo, is a species of catfish of the family Callichthyidae.	Megalechis picta	species
taxon rank	Emblemaria hyltoni, the Filament blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Belize and Honduras, in the western Atlantic ocean.	Emblemaria hyltoni	species
taxon rank	Alaria americana is a species of a trematode in a family Diplostomatidae.	Alaria americana	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum thomasii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Thomas' buckwheat.	Eriogonum thomasii	species
taxon rank	Palaeoapterodytes ictus is an extinct species of penguin from the late Oligocene or early Miocene of Argentina, the only member of its genus.	Palaeoapterodytes ictus	species
taxon rank	Lactarius flexuosus is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family of mushrooms.	Lactarius flexuosus	species
taxon rank	Plectritis congesta is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by several common names, including shortspur seablush and rosy plectritis.	Plectritis congesta	species
taxon rank	Sorbus scopulina is a species of rowan that is native to western North America, primarily in the Rocky Mountains.	Sorbus scopulina	species
taxon rank	Mesciniodes subinfractalis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Mesciniodes.	Mesciniodes subinfractalis	species
taxon rank	Moschowhaitsia is an extinct genus of theriodont.	Moschowhaitsia	genus
taxon rank	Difflugia is the largest genus of Arcellinida, one of several groups of Tubulinea within the eukaryote supergroup Amoebozoa.	Difflugia	genus
taxon rank	Quercus xalapensis, or xalapa oak, is a species of oak in the red oak group (Quercus section Lobatae).	Quercus xalapensis	species
taxon rank	The Usambara eagle-owl, also called the nduk eagle-owl or Vosseier's eagle-owl, (Bubo vosseleri) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Usambara eagle-owl	species
taxon rank	Gobionellus is a genus of gobies native to fresh, marine and brackish waters along the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas.	Gobionellus	genus
taxon rank	Megacephala castelnaui is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sloane in 1906, and is endemic to Australia.	Megacephala castelnaui	species
taxon rank	Euryxanthops chiltoni is a species of crab found in the New Zealand Exclusive Economic Zone.	Euryxanthops chiltoni	species
taxon rank	Fissurella barbouri is a species of small sea snail or true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Fissurella barbouri	species
taxon rank	Kadua cookiana (formerly Hedyotis cookiana) is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names 'awiwi and Cook's bluet.	Kadua cookiana	species
taxon rank	Ammannia baccifera, also known as the monarch redstem or blistering ammannia is a species in the family Lythraceae.	Ammannia baccifera	species
taxon rank	Pterostichus morio is a species of ground beetles in the subfamily Pterostichinae.	Pterostichus morio	species
taxon rank	Rhynchonelloidella smithi is a species of extinct, small-sized brachiopod, a marine rhynchonellate lampshell in the family Rhynchonellidae.	Rhynchonelloidella smithi	species
taxon rank	The fan mussel, Atrina fragilis, is a species of large saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pinnidae, the pen shells.	Atrina fragilis	species
taxon rank	Lagerstroemia speciosa (giant crape-myrtle, Queen's crape-myrtle, banabá plant for Philippines, or Pride of India) is a species of Lagerstroemia native to tropical southern Asia.	Lagerstroemia speciosa	species
taxon rank	Tritomegas bicolor, the pied shield bug, is a species of shield bug found in Europe.	Tritomegas bicolor	species
taxon rank	Gomphus septima (Septima's clubtail) is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Gomphus septima	species
taxon rank	Mimonemophas quadrifasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimonemophas.	Mimonemophas quadrifasciatus	species
taxon rank	Pseudovanilla is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) belonging to the subfamily Vanilloideae.	Pseudovanilla	genus
taxon rank	Tor tor, commonly known as the tor mahseer or tor barb, is a species of cyprinid fish found in fast-flowing rivers and streams with rocky bottoms in Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Nepal, and Pakistan.	Tor tor	species
taxon rank	Latrodectus hesperus, the western black widow spider or western widow, is a venomous spider species found in western regions of North America.	Latrodectus hesperus	species
taxon rank	Prionobutis is a genus of sleeper gobies native to Borneo and Papua New Guinea.	Prionobutis	genus
taxon rank	Pseudis paradoxa, known as the paradoxical frog or shrinking frog, is a species of hylid frog from South America.	Pseudis paradoxa	species
taxon rank	Cymbium cymbium, commonly known as the false elephant's snout volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Cymbium cymbium	species
taxon rank	Motandra is a genus of plant in the Apocynaceae family native to tropical Africa.	Motandra	genus
taxon rank	Streptoglossa is a genus of Australian plants in the inula tribe within the daisy family.	Streptoglossa	genus
taxon rank	Gongora aromatica is a species of orchid found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama and Peru.	Gongora aromatica	species
taxon rank	Nicolasia is a genus of African flowering plants in the spikenard tribe within the daisy family.	Nicolasia	genus
taxon rank	Agyneta metropolis is a species of sheet weaver found in Kenya.	Agyneta metropolis	species
taxon rank	Leptobrotula breviventralis is a species of cusk-eel found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Africa and in the Pacific Ocean around the Hawaiian Islands.	Leptobrotula breviventralis	species
taxon rank	Phacelia humilis, with the common name low phacelia, is a species of phacelia.	Phacelia humilis	species
taxon rank	Hoplobatrachus tigerinus, the Indus Valley bullfrog or Indian bullfrog, popular name Asian bullfrog, Asean bullfrog or Asia bullfrog, is a large species of frog found in Myanmar, Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Nepal.	Hoplobatrachus tigerinus	species
taxon rank	Suncus is a genus of shrews in the family Soricidae.	Suncus	genus
taxon rank	Zabrus robustus is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Greece.	Zabrus robustus	species
taxon rank	Euchilichthys dybowskii is a species of upside-down catfish native to Cameroon, Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Dja and Ubangi Rivers and rivers of the eastern Congo Basin.	Euchilichthys dybowskii	species
taxon rank	Niveoscincus is a genus of skinks (family Scincidae), commonly called snow skinks or cool-skinks and residing mainly in Tasmania or Victoria, Australia.	Niveoscincus	genus
taxon rank	Phallus duplicatus (common name, netted stinkhorn or wood witch) is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family.	Phallus duplicatus	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops distanti is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.	Leptotyphlops distanti	species
taxon rank	Angraecum bancoense is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, São Tomé and Principe and Sierra Leone.	Angraecum bancoense	species
taxon rank	Saurillodon was a genus of prehistoric lizard of the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation of Western North America.	Saurillodon	genus
taxon rank	Buddleja longifolia is a species now restricted to remnants of montane forest in Loja, Ecuador, and northern Peru at altitudes of 2100 -- 2600 m. The species was first described and named by Kunth in 1818.	Buddleja longifolia	species
taxon rank	Mertensia ciliata is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names tall fringed bluebells, mountain bluebells, and streamside bluebells.	Mertensia ciliata	species
taxon rank	The Bopyridae are a family of isopod crustaceans in the suborder Cymothoida.	Bopyridae	family
taxon rank	Gambusia is a large genus of fish in family Poeciliidae (order Cyprinodontiformes).	Gambusia	genus
taxon rank	Carabus obsoletus fossulifer is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that might be extinct throughout Europe.	Carabus obsoletus fossulifer	subspecies
taxon rank	Varanus rainerguentheri, commonly known as Rainer Günther's monitor, is a species of lizard, which is a member of the mangrove monitor species-complex.	Varanus rainerguentheri	species
taxon rank	Genicanthus lamarck, commonly called Blackstriped Angelfish or Lamarck's Angelfish among various vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacanthidae.	Genicanthus lamarck	species
taxon rank	Carinoclodia anancyloides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Carinoclodia.	Carinoclodia anancyloides	species
taxon rank	Aralia stipulata is a species native to China.	Aralia stipulata	species
taxon rank	Horaglanis is a genus of airbreathing catfishes endemic to India.	Horaglanis	genus
taxon rank	Nidara is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae from Madagascar.	Nidara	genus
taxon rank	Ptiliinae is the largest subfamily of feather-winged beetles (family Ptilidae).	Ptiliinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Subulites is a genus of fossil sea snails, mud-dwelling marine gastropod mollusks known from the early-middle Ordovician, apparently allied with the Caenogastropoda.	Subulites	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron nanus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name dwarf fleabane.	Erigeron nanus	species
taxon rank	Xylosma flexuosa, commonly known as brushholly or coronilla, is a species of flowering plant in the willow family, Salicaceae, that is native to southern North America and northern South America.	Xylosma flexuosa	species
taxon rank	Austrolittorina antipodum (Philippi, 1847), known as the Banded periwinkle is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles, found in New Zealand.	Austrolittorina antipodum	species
taxon rank	Phillyrea latifolia, commonly known as green olive tree or mock privet, is a species of tree in the family Oleaceae.	Phillyrea latifolia	species
taxon rank	Planococcus citri, commonly known as the citrus mealybug, is a species of mealybugs native to Asia.	Planococcus citri	species
taxon rank	Caprella linearis is a species of skeleton shrimp in the genus Caprella.	Caprella linearis	species
taxon rank	Phylogenetic and chemotaxonomic analyses have shown that the strain ATCC 19623 from the species Zoogloea ramigera belongs not to this species but to a new species Crabtreella saccharophila.	Crabtreella saccharophila	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma javanicum, common name the chocolate-lined top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma javanicum	species
taxon rank	Catostylidae is a family of small jellyfish.	Catostylidae	family
taxon rank	Cryptoblabes adoceta, the sorghum head moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Cryptoblabes.	Cryptoblabes adoceta	species
taxon rank	Stenaelurillus darwini is a jumping spider species found in Tanzania.	Stenaelurillus darwini	species
taxon rank	Lates longispinis, also known as the Rudolf lates or Turkana perch, is a species of latid fish that is endemic to Lake Turkana (formerly known as Lake Rudolf) in Kenya and Ethiopia.	Lates longispinis	species
taxon rank	Achatinella valida is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Achatinella valida	species
taxon rank	Haworthia fasciata is a species of succulent plant from the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Haworthia fasciata	species
taxon rank	Macropraonetha pterolophioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Macropraonetha.	Macropraonetha pterolophioides	species
taxon rank	The Bracted Dendrobium (Dendrobium bracteosum) is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium bracteosum	species
taxon rank	Synodontis waterloti is a species of upside-down catfish native to waters of western Africa.	Synodontis waterloti	species
taxon rank	Gobiops is an extinct genus of temnospondyl from the Jurassic of Mongolia, China, and possibly Kyrgyzstan.	Gobiops	genus
taxon rank	Haplochromis dentex is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria, but has not been seen since 1987.	Haplochromis dentex	species
taxon rank	Parapsycharium is a genus of moth in the Somabrachyidae family containing only one species Parapsycharium paarlense, which is known from South Africa.	Parapsycharium	species
taxon rank	Dendrelaphis caudolineatus is a common species of colubrid snake known commonly as the striped bronzeback or bronze tree snake.	Dendrelaphis caudolineatus	species
taxon rank	Lupinus littoralis is a species of lupine known by the common name seashore lupine.	Lupinus littoralis	species
taxon rank	Arius jella (blackfin sea catfish) is a species of fish.	Arius jella	species
taxon rank	Adenocaulon is a small genus of flowering plants in the daisy family known generally as trailplants.	Adenocaulon	genus
taxon rank	Melanochromis simulans is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs in the Masinje Rocks and at Cape Ngombo.	Melanochromis simulans	species
taxon rank	Hydrophis inornatus, commonly known as the plain sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.	Hydrophis inornatus	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis thuragnathus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria in Africa.	Haplochromis thuragnathus	species
taxon rank	Pinctada margaritifera, commonly known as the Black-Lip Pearl Oyster, is a species of pearl oyster, a saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pteriidae.	Pinctada margaritifera	species
taxon rank	Chicoreus virgineus, common name the virgin murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Chicoreus virgineus	species
taxon rank	Allium constrictum, the Grand Coulee Onion, is a plant species endemic to the US State of Washington.	Allium constrictum	species
taxon rank	Opisthacanthus africanus is a species of African scorpion.	Opisthacanthus africanus	species
taxon rank	Potamogeton crispus, the curled pondweed or curly-leaf pondweed, is a species of aquatic plant native to Eurasia but an introduced species and often a noxious weed in North America.	Potamogeton crispus	species
taxon rank	Pappophorum vaginatum is a species of grass known by the common name whiplash pappusgrass.	Pappophorum vaginatum	species
taxon rank	Pseudogenes ornaticeps is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudogenes.	Pseudogenes ornaticeps	species
taxon rank	Drosera marchantii is an erect perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera.	Drosera marchantii	species
taxon rank	The order Ostreoida includes the true oysters.	Ostreoida	order
taxon rank	Chaetosphaerella is a genus of fungi within the Chaetosphaerellaceae family.	Chaetosphaerella	genus
taxon rank	Tropheops novemfasciatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers sheltered bays with rocks and vegetation, usually within 4 metres (13 ft) of the surface.	Tropheops novemfasciatus	species
taxon rank	Hymenocallis occidentalis is a plant species native to the southern United States.	Hymenocallis occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Scincella palnica is a species of skink.	Scincella palnica	species
taxon rank	The Tamaulipas pygmy owl (Glaucidium sanchezi) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family.	Tamaulipas pygmy owl	species
taxon rank	Xyrichtys is a genus of wrasses native to the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Oceans, where they are found in sandy-bottomed habitats.	Xyrichtys	genus
taxon rank	Ctenosauriscus is an extinct genus of sail-backed poposauroid archosaur from Early Triassic deposits of Lower Saxony in northern Germany.	Ctenosauriscus	genus
taxon rank	Clepsis dumicolana is a moth species of the family Tortricidae.	Clepsis dumicolana	species
taxon rank	Atyidae is a family of shrimp, present in all tropical and most temperate waters of the world.	Atyidae	family
taxon rank	Kwangsisaurus is an extinct genus of a basal pistosauroid known from the Early or Middle Triassic (Olenekian or Anisian age) of Guangxi, southern China.	Kwangsisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Pachydermata (from two Greek words παχύς pachys, ``thick'' and δερμα derma, ``skin'', meaning 'thick skin') is an obsolete order of mammals described by Gottlieb Storr, Georges Cuvier and others, at one time recognized by many systematists.	Pachydermata	order
taxon rank	Cotinis orientalis is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.	Cotinis orientalis	species
taxon rank	One genus, Prolagus, is recognised within the family, which was previously considered a subfamily of Ochotonidae, as Prolaginae.	Prolagus	genus
taxon rank	Crassispira is a genus of small predatory sea snails with narrow, high-spired shells, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae.	Crassispira	genus
taxon rank	Timon princeps is a species of Timon which belongs to the family of Lacertidae, the wall lizards.	Timon princeps	species
taxon rank	Convolvulus althaeoides is a species of morning glory known by the common names mallow bindweed and mallow-leaved bindweed.	Convolvulus althaeoides	species
taxon rank	Schizosaccharomyces is a genus of fission yeasts.	Schizosaccharomyces	genus
taxon rank	Elaeocarpus amoenus is a species of flowering plant in the Elaeocarpaceae family used as a medicinal plant.	Elaeocarpus amoenus	species
taxon rank	Labrisomus bucciferus, the Puffcheek blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.	Labrisomus bucciferus	species
taxon rank	Agyneta natalensis is a species of sheet weaver found in South Africa.	Agyneta natalensis	species
taxon rank	Diplura fasciata is a species of funnel-web tarantulas belonging to the subfamily Diplurinae.	Diplura fasciata	species
taxon rank	Trifolium wormskioldii is a species of clover native to the western half of North America from Alaska, through California, to Mexico.	Trifolium wormskioldii	species
taxon rank	Junonia hierta, the yellow pansy, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in the Palaeotropics.	Junonia hierta	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia mollis, the Waianae Range phyllostegia, is a species of flowering plant in the mint family, Lamiaceae, that is endemic to Hawaiʻi.	Phyllostegia mollis	species
taxon rank	Hamatastus simillimus is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family.	Hamatastus simillimus	species
taxon rank	Technomyrmex horni is a species of Dolichoderine ant which is a widespread species that can be found in many Indo-Australian, Oriental, and Palaearctic regions.	Technomyrmex horni	species
taxon rank	Phlegethontia is an extinct genus of lepospondyl amphibian from the Carboniferous and Permian periods of Europe and North America.	Phlegethontia	genus
taxon rank	Aloe aculeata (common names include ngopanie, sekope, red hot poker aloe) is an Aloe species that is native to the Limpopo valley and Mpumalanga in South Africa along with southern and central Zimbabwe and Mozambique.	Aloe aculeata	species
taxon rank	Nes longus, the Orangespotted goby, is a species of goby native to the tropical Atlantic coast of the Americas where it prefers silty bottoms around reefs.	Nes longus	species
taxon rank	The Ankober serin (Crithagra ankoberensis) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Ankober serin	species
taxon rank	Podocarpus drouynianus is a species of podocarp native to the relatively high rainfall southwestern corner of Western Australia, where it is known by the name Wild Plum, although it is not a true plum.	Podocarpus drouynianus	species
taxon rank	Nitidella nitida, common name: the glossy dove shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Nitidella nitida	species
taxon rank	Salix sitchensis is a species of willow known by the common name Sitka willow.	Salix sitchensis	species
taxon rank	Schinus polygama, the Hardee peppertree or Chilean pepper tree, is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family which is native to Argentina and Chile and naturalized in California.	Schinus polygama	species
taxon rank	The family Thermodesulfobiaceae according to the LPSN is located within the order Thermoanaerobacterales and class Clostridia.	Thermodesulfobiaceae	family
taxon rank	Phalaenopsis pulcherrima is a species of orchid found from Hainan Island to western Malesia.	Phalaenopsis pulcherrima	species
taxon rank	The Papuan mountain pigeon (Gymnophaps albertisii) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Papuan mountain pigeon	species
taxon rank	Heterostraci (``Different scales'') is an extinct subclass of pteraspidomorph jawless vertebrate that lived primarily in marine and estuary environments.	Heterostraci	subclass
taxon rank	Eremosyne pectinata, the sole species in the genus Eremosyne, is an annual herb endemic to the south coast of Western Australia.	Eremosyne	species
taxon rank	Uria is a genus of seabirds in the auk family known in Britain as guillemots, in most of North America as murres, and in Newfoundland and Labrador as turr.	Uria	genus
taxon rank	Agriolimacidae is a family of small and medium-sized land slugs, or shell-less snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.	Agriolimacidae	family
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Calleremites subornata, which is found in China and India (Sikkim).	Calleremites	species
taxon rank	Myrsine fosbergii, the Koolau Range colicwood, is a species of plant in the Primulaceae family.	Myrsine fosbergii	species
taxon rank	Sorbus cashmiriana (Kashmir rowan), is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae, native to the western Himalayas, including Kashmir.	Sorbus cashmiriana	species
taxon rank	Quercus alba is sometimes confused with the swamp white oak, a closely related species, and the bur oak.	Quercus alba	species
taxon rank	The Madagascan mannikin (Lonchura nana) is a common species of estrildid finch native to Madagascar.	Madagascan mannikin	species
taxon rank	Diaphanos is a genus of butterflies in the Nymphalidae family.	Diaphanos	genus
taxon rank	Polypogon monspeliensis, commonly known as annual beard-grass or annual rabbitsfoot grass, is a species of grass.	Polypogon monspeliensis	species
taxon rank	Douvilleiceras is a genus of ammonites from the Cretaceous.	Douvilleiceras	genus
taxon rank	Ficus coronata, commonly known as the sandpaper fig or creek sandpaper fig, is a species of fig tree, native to Australia.	Ficus coronata	species
taxon rank	Colaspidea oblonga is a species of beetle in the Chrysomelidae family that can be found on Balearic Islands and Crete.	Colaspidea oblonga	species
taxon rank	Odontamblyopus rebecca is a species of eel goby native to marine and brackish waters of Vietnam.	Odontamblyopus rebecca	species
taxon rank	Erinaceusyllis, previously known as Sphaerosyllis (Claparède, 1863), is a genus belonging to the phylum Annelida, a group known as the segmented worms.	Erinaceusyllis	genus
taxon rank	Isocarpha oppositifolia, the Rio Grande pearlhead, is a New World species of plants in the sunflower family.	Isocarpha oppositifolia	species
taxon rank	Bermudamysis speluncola is a species of crustacean in the family Mysidae, endemic to Bermuda, and the only species in the genus Bermudamysis.	Bermudamysis	species
taxon rank	Solidago ludoviciana, the Louisiana goldenrod, is a North American plant species in the sunflower family native to Louisiana, Texas and Arkansas.	Solidago ludoviciana	species
taxon rank	Apedolepis is a genus of prehistoric jawless fish which lived during the Ordovician period.	Apedolepis	genus
taxon rank	Fungi of the order Chytridiales, like other members of its division, may either have a monocentric thallus or a polycentric rhizomycelium.	Chytridiales	order
taxon rank	Rhantus tigris is a species of water beetle in the Dytiscidae family.	Rhantus tigris	species
taxon rank	The Tanna fruit dove (Ptilinopus tannensis) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Tanna fruit dove	species
taxon rank	Marah fabaceus, the California manroot or bigroot, is the most common of the manroot species native to California.	Marah fabaceus	species
taxon rank	Penstemon alluviorum, known by the common name lowland beardtongue, is a species of flowering plant in the veronica family.	Penstemon alluviorum	species
taxon rank	Rickia wasmannii is a species of the widely distributed entomoparasitic order of fungi Laboulbeniales.	Rickia wasmannii	species
taxon rank	Saussurea americana is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name American saw-wort.	Saussurea americana	species
taxon rank	The Andean goose is a grazing species, eating grasses.	Andean goose	species
taxon rank	The Texas garter snake (Thamnophis sirtalis annectens) is a subspecies of the common garter snake (T. sirtalis) endemic to the United States.	Texas garter snake	subspecies
taxon rank	Primula pulverulenta, the mealy cowslip, is a species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae, native to damp habitats in China.	Primula pulverulenta	species
taxon rank	Delphinium polycladon is a species of larkspur known by the common name mountain marsh larkspur.	Delphinium polycladon	species
taxon rank	Amaranthus hybridus, commonly called green amaranth, slim amaranth, smooth amaranth, smooth pigweed, or red amaranth, is a species of annual flowering plant.	Amaranthus hybridus	species
taxon rank	Odaxothrissa, the fangtooth pellonulines, is a genus of fresh-water fish in the herring family, Clupeidae.	Odaxothrissa	genus
taxon rank	Calliobasis bilix, common name the balanced top shell, is a species of extremely small deep water sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.	Calliobasis bilix	species
taxon rank	Nectophryne (African tree toads) is a small genus of true toads with only two species.	Nectophryne	genus
taxon rank	Acromis spinifex is a species of tortoise beetle from South America.	Acromis spinifex	species
taxon rank	Callistege is a genus of moths in the Erebidae family.	Callistege	genus
taxon rank	The Metagoniolithoideae are a monogeneric subfamily of genucilate Corallinaceaen Coralline alga.	Metagoniolithoideae	subfamily
taxon rank	Notylia sagittifera is a species of orchid that occurs from Colombia, Venezuela, the Guianas and northeastern Brazil.	Notylia sagittifera	species
taxon rank	Scaphander otagoensis is a species of sea snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Scaphandridae, the canoe bubbles.	Scaphander otagoensis	species
taxon rank	Zygoballus remotus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in Guatemala.	Zygoballus remotus	species
taxon rank	Nostoc pruniforme (Mare's eggs) are a species of cyanobacterium.	Nostoc pruniforme	species
taxon rank	Meroptera abditiva is a species of snout moth in the genus Meroptera.	Meroptera abditiva	species
taxon rank	Ephedra intermedia, with the Chinese common name of Zhong Ma Huang, is a species of Ephedra that is native to Siberia, Central Asia, Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan, the western Himalayas, Tibet, Mongolia, and China.	Ephedra intermedia	species
taxon rank	Stilpnophyllum grandifolium is a species of tree in the Rubiaceae family.	Stilpnophyllum grandifolium	species
taxon rank	Buddleja coriacea is a variable species endemic to the high Andes from the Cordillera Blanca in Peru to Lake Titicaca in Bolivia.	Buddleja coriacea	species
taxon rank	Stegops is an extinct genus of euskelian temnospondyl from the Late Carboniferous of the eastern United States.	Stegops	genus
taxon rank	Sordaria macrospora is a species of microscopic fungus.	Sordaria macrospora	species
taxon rank	Laothoe austanti, the Maghreb poplar hawkmoth, is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family.	Laothoe austanti	species
taxon rank	Crataegus coccinioides is a species of hawthorn known by the common names Kansas hawthorn and large-flowered cockspurthorn.	Crataegus coccinioides	species
taxon rank	Panagaeus fasciatus is a species of ground beetle in the Panagaeinae subfamily that can be found in the US and Canada.	Panagaeus fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Graecoanatolica conica is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Graecoanatolica conica	species
taxon rank	Ceratosuchus is an extinct genus of alligatorine crocodylian from latest Paleocene rocks of Colorado's Piceance Basin and earliest Eocene rocks of Wyoming's Bighorn Basin in North America, a slice of time known as the Clarkforkian North American Land Mammal Age.	Ceratosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Rimicola is a genus of clingfishes found along the coasts of the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Rimicola	genus
taxon rank	Callionymus marquesensis is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean around the Marquesan Islands.	Callionymus marquesensis	species
taxon rank	Collared wrigglers are perciform fishes in the family Xenisthmidae.	Xenisthmidae	family
taxon rank	Thersistrombus thersites, common name : the Thersite Conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Thersistrombus thersites	species
taxon rank	Haemaphysalis concinna is a common rodent tick species that originally predominantly occurred in Russia and Eastern Europe, but is also known from Japan, China, Germany and France.	Haemaphysalis concinna	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces lavendulae is a species of bacteria from the genus Streptomyces.	Streptomyces lavendulae	species
taxon rank	Woolly aphids (subfamily: Eriosomatinae) are sucking insects that live on plant fluids and produce a filamentous waxy white covering which resembles cotton or wool.	Eriosomatinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Diploon is a genus of plant in the Sapotaceae family described as a genus in 1946.	Diploon	genus
taxon rank	Aromobates mayorgai (common name: Mayorga rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Aromobates mayorgai	species
taxon rank	Oncidium amictum is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Brazil.	Oncidium amictum	species
taxon rank	Harpalus saxicola is a species of ground beetle native to Palaearctic and Near East.	Harpalus saxicola	species
taxon rank	Lioptilodes tribonia is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes, known from Chile and Peru.	Lioptilodes tribonia	species
taxon rank	Typhis sejunctus, common name the frilly typhis, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Typhis sejunctus	species
taxon rank	Dillwynella texana is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.	Dillwynella texana	species
taxon rank	Hancockiidae is a family of sea slugs, nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tritonioidea.	Hancockiidae	family
taxon rank	Sisyrinchium funereum is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common names Funeral Mountain blue-eyed grass and Death Valley blue-eyed-grass.	Sisyrinchium funereum	species
taxon rank	Clarkichthys bilineatus, the Flagtail wormfish, is a species of wormfish native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from Mexico to Colombia as well as the Galapagos Islands.	Clarkichthys bilineatus	species
taxon rank	Cerradomys langguthi is a species of rodent from South America in the genus Cerradomys.	Cerradomys langguthi	species
taxon rank	Cupressus stephensonii is a species of conifer known as the Cuyamaca cypress, and endemic to California.	Cupressus stephensonii	species
taxon rank	Persoonia asperula, commonly known as mountain geebung, is a species in the family Proteaceae.	Persoonia asperula	species
taxon rank	Garberia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Garberia heterophylla.	Garberia	species
taxon rank	Witaaspis was an extinct genus of osteostraci fish that lived in the Wenlock and Ludlow stages of the Silurian period.	Witaaspis	genus
taxon rank	Vandiemenia ratkowskiana is the only species of liverwort in the genus Vandiemenia.	Vandiemenia	species
taxon rank	Protonemacheilus longipectoralis is a species of hillstream loach that is endemic to China.	Protonemacheilus longipectoralis	species
taxon rank	Phomopsis longicolla is a species of ascomycota fungi in the Diaporthaceae family.	Phomopsis longicolla	species
taxon rank	Memecylon tirunelvelicum is a plant species endemic to the Tinurelveli Hills in Tamil Nadu, India.	Memecylon tirunelvelicum	species
taxon rank	Laganosuchus is an extinct genus of stomatosuchid crocodyliform.	Laganosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Zaireichthys camerunensis is a species of loach catfish found in Cameroon and Guinea in the Niger River basin.	Zaireichthys camerunensis	species
taxon rank	Neritilia manoeli is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Neritiliidae.	Neritilia manoeli	species
taxon rank	Gamochaeta coarctata, gray everlasting, is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Gamochaeta coarctata	species
taxon rank	The leopard tree iguana, Liolaemus leopardinus, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus leopardinus	species
taxon rank	Leptolalax heteropus (Malaysian Asian toad or variable litter frog) is a frog species in the family Megophryidae.	Leptolalax heteropus	species
taxon rank	Eupackardia calleta, commonly known as the Calleta silkmoth, is a species of moth in the Saturniidae family.	Eupackardia calleta	species
taxon rank	Paramphistomum is a genus of parasitic flat worm belonging to the digenetic trematodes.	Paramphistomum	genus
taxon rank	Tachina corylana is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Latvia.	Tachina corylana	species
taxon rank	Ixodonerium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1933.	Ixodonerium	genus
taxon rank	Megalobulimus popelairianus, synonym Strophocheilus popelairianus, is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strophocheilidae.	Megalobulimus popelairianus	species
taxon rank	Euglossa jacquelynae is a Euglossine bee species found in Central Brazil.	Euglossa jacquelynae	species
taxon rank	Cheilanthes newberryi is a species of lip fern known by the common name Newberry's lip fern.	Cheilanthes newberryi	species
taxon rank	Dendroplex is a genus of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae).	Dendroplex	genus
taxon rank	Pleurobranchella is a genus of sea slugs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurobranchaeidae.	Pleurobranchella	genus
taxon rank	Linckia guildingi, also called the common comet star, Guilding's sea star or the green Linckia, is a species of sea star found in the shallow waters of the tropical Pacific Ocean, Indian Ocean, Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.	Linckia guildingi	species
taxon rank	Protylopus is an extinct genus of camel that lived during middle to late Eocene some 45-40 million years ago in North America.	Protylopus	genus
taxon rank	Phylloporus pelletieri, commonly known as the golden-gilled bolete, is a species of fungus in the Boletaceae family.	Phylloporus pelletieri	species
taxon rank	The Fülleborn's longclaw (Macronyx fuellebornii), also spelled Fuelleborn's longclaw is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.	Fülleborn's longclaw	species
taxon rank	Hirthia littorina is a species of tropical freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.	Hirthia littorina	species
taxon rank	Dusicyon avus is an extinct species in the genus Dusicyon.	Dusicyon avus	species
taxon rank	Conus princeps, common name the prince cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus princeps	species
taxon rank	Gastrodiscoides is genus of zoonotic fluke under the class Trematoda.	Gastrodiscoides	genus
taxon rank	Amsinckia menziesii is a species of plant in the Boraginaceae family, the borage or forget-me-not family.	Amsinckia menziesii	species
taxon rank	Tusciziphius is an extinct genus of ziphiidae cetacean.	Tusciziphius	genus
taxon rank	Solidago riddellii, Riddell's goldenrod, is a North American plant species in the genus Solidago of the sunflower family.	Solidago riddellii	species
taxon rank	Limatulichthys, is a genus of the family Loricariidae of catfish.	Limatulichthys	genus
taxon rank	Arctium is a genus of biennial plants commonly known as burdock, family Asteraceae.	Arctium	genus
taxon rank	Tarsonemidae is a family of mites, also called thread-footed mites or white mites.	Tarsonemidae	family
taxon rank	Pisidium moitessierianum is a species of minute freshwater clam.	Pisidium moitessierianum	species
taxon rank	Phyllomacromia bispina is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.	Phyllomacromia bispina	species
taxon rank	Mannophryne collaris (common name: collared poison frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Mannophryne collaris	species
taxon rank	The Samwell Cave cricket is an undescribed species of insect in the family Rhaphidophoridae, which is endemic to California.	Samwell Cave cricket	species
taxon rank	Conasprella stearnsii, common name Stearn's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella stearnsii	species
taxon rank	The Javan munia (Lonchura leucogastroides) is a species of estrildid finch found in Southern Sumatra, Java, Bali and Lombok, Indonesia.	Javan munia	species
taxon rank	Prunus campanulata is a species of cherry native to Japan, Vietnam, and China (including Taiwan), widely grown as an ornamental tree, and a symbol of Nago, Okinawa in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan.	Prunus campanulata	species
taxon rank	Dalea mollis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family which is known by the common name hairy prairie clover.	Dalea mollis	species
taxon rank	Penthus tenebrioides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Penthus.	Penthus tenebrioides	species
taxon rank	Schoenolirion, rush-lily or sunnybell, is a genus of three recognized species of flowering plants, all endemic to the southeastern United States.	Schoenolirion	genus
taxon rank	Suillia hispanica is a European species of Heleomyzidae.	Suillia hispanica	species
taxon rank	The only species is Dendrosicyos socotranus, the cucumber tree.	Dendrosicyos	species
taxon rank	Histiodraco velifer is a species of barbeled plunderfish native to the marine waters around Antarctica where it is found at depths of from 210 to 667 metres (689 to 2,188 ft).	Histiodraco velifer	species
taxon rank	Chrysina gloriosa is a species of scarab whose common names are glorious beetle and glorious scarab.	Chrysina gloriosa	species
taxon rank	Chione cancellata, is a species of medium-sized saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae, the venus clams.	Chione cancellata	species
taxon rank	Petersius conserialis is a species of fish in the Alestidae family, and the sole member of the genus Petersius.	Petersius conserialis	species
taxon rank	The Sicydiinae are a small subfamily (about 118 species) of freshwater gobies, with only nine genera.	Sicydiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Heterotheca canescens, hoary goldenaster, is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Heterotheca canescens	species
taxon rank	Peltanthera is a genus of flowering plants containing a single species, P. floribunda.	Peltanthera	genus
taxon rank	Tetropismenus hirtus is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Tetropismenus of the family Ulidiidae.	Tetropismenus hirtus	species
taxon rank	Oecanthus is a genus of cricket in subfamily Oecanthinae, the tree crickets.	Oecanthus	genus
taxon rank	Latabryna arnaudi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Latabryna.	Latabryna arnaudi	species
taxon rank	Flower of the Andes (Chuquiraga jussieui) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Chuquiraga jussieui	species
taxon rank	Penicillium marinum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces patulin and roquefortine C.	Penicillium marinum	species
taxon rank	Condorraptor (meaning robber or snatcher from Cerro Condor) is a genus of megalosauroid theropod dinosaur.	Condorraptor	genus
taxon rank	Chaperina fusca (common names: brown thorny frog, spiny-heeled froglet, saffron-bellied frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Chaperina fusca	species
taxon rank	Elassoma evergladei, or the Everglades pygmy sunfish, is a species of fish from the genus Elassoma (the pygmy sunfishes) that is endemic to North America.	Elassoma evergladei	species
taxon rank	Brachycentridae is a family of insect in the order Trichoptera.	Brachycentridae	family
taxon rank	Gongpoquansaurus (meaning ``Gongpoquan reptile'') is an extinct genus of basal hadrosauroid dinosaur that was not formally named until 2014, while the name was a nomen nudum for many years previously.	Gongpoquansaurus	genus
taxon rank	Calymene niagarensis is a species of trilobite belonging to the genus Calymene.	Calymene niagarensis	species
taxon rank	Tetronarce tremens also known as the Chilean torpedo is a species of fish in the Torpedinidae family.	Chilean torpedo	species
taxon rank	Eurycleidus is an extinct genus of large-bodied rhomaleosaurid known from the Early Jurassic period (most likely earliest Hettangian stage) of the United Kingdom.	Eurycleidus	genus
taxon rank	Neocaphys purpuralis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Neocaphys.	Neocaphys purpuralis	species
taxon rank	Angelica californica is a species of angelica known as California angelica.	Angelica californica	species
taxon rank	The Diprotodontidae are an extinct family of large marsupials, endemic to what would be Australia, during the Oligocene through Pleistocene periods from 28.4 million to 11,000 years ago.	Diprotodontidae	family
taxon rank	Compsocus is a genus within the Psocoptera order of insects.	Compsocus	genus
taxon rank	Masdevallia bulbophyllopsis is a species of orchid endemic to southwestern Ecuador.	Masdevallia bulbophyllopsis	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces heliomycini is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.Streptomyces heliomycini produces heliomycin.	Streptomyces heliomycini	species
taxon rank	Phalium flammiferum, the Striped Bonnet, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae, the helmet snails and bonnet snails.	Phalium flammiferum	species
taxon rank	Albuca fastigiata is a plant species in the genus Albuca native to the Cape Provinces of South Africa, where it is used in ethnomedicine.	Albuca fastigiata	species
taxon rank	Acianthera is a genus of orchids native to the tropical parts of the Western Hemisphere, especially Brazil.	Acianthera	genus
taxon rank	Limax dacampi (by other authors Limax dacampoi) is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae, the keelback slugs.	Limax dacampi	species
taxon rank	Parapoynx stagnalis, the rice case bearer or rice caseworm, is a species of moth in the Crambidae family.	Parapoynx stagnalis	species
taxon rank	Acrosticta wytsmani is a species of ulidiidae, or picture-winged fly, in the genus Acrosticta of the family Ulidiidae.	Acrosticta wytsmani	species
taxon rank	Ameerega is a genus of poison dart frogs in the family Dendrobatidae.	Ameerega	genus
taxon rank	Eoplatax is an extinct genus of prehistoric spadefish that lived during the Lutetian of Monte Bolca.	Eoplatax	genus
taxon rank	Nelumbo nucifera, also known as Indian lotus, sacred lotus, bean of India, or simply lotus, is one of two species of aquatic plant in the family Nelumbonaceae.	Nelumbo nucifera	species
taxon rank	Magnolia delavayi is a species of flowering plant in the genus Magnolia native to southern China, occurring in Guizhou, Sichuan and Yunnan at 1,500-2,800 m altitude.	Magnolia delavayi	species
taxon rank	Ottelia acuminata, is a plant species endemic to Southern China.	Ottelia acuminata	species
taxon rank	Tomichia natalensis is a species of very small freshwater snails which have a gill and an operculum, gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Tomichia natalensis	species
taxon rank	Orthocarpus bracteosus is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name rosy owl's-clover.	Orthocarpus bracteosus	species
taxon rank	Sphaeralcea rusbyi is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names Rusby's globemallow and Rusby's desert-mallow.	Sphaeralcea rusbyi	species
taxon rank	Macroplacus is an extinct genus of placodont reptiles.	Macroplacus	genus
taxon rank	Slopalinida is a Stramenopila order.	Slopalinida	order
taxon rank	Acremodonta crassicosta is a species of minute, deep-water sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusk in the family Ataphridae, the false top snails or false top shells.	Acremodonta crassicosta	species
taxon rank	Mimoblennius cas is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean, around Comoros.	Mimoblennius cas	species
taxon rank	Lactuca perennis, common names: mountain lettuce, blue lettuce or perennial lettuce, is a perennial herbaceous plant species belonging to the genus Lactuca of the daisy family.	Lactuca perennis	species
taxon rank	Emucarididae is an extinct family of soft-shelled trilobite-like arthropods (nektaspids) from the Lower Cambrian of South Australia and South China.	Emucarididae	family
taxon rank	Caryodaphnopsis cogolloi is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family endemic to Colombia.	Caryodaphnopsis cogolloi	species
taxon rank	Latia neritoides is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet, an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Latiidae.	Latia neritoides	species
taxon rank	Kudekanye suidafrika is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Kudekanye.	Kudekanye suidafrika	species
taxon rank	Lunella granulata, common name the granulated moon turban, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Lunella granulata	species
taxon rank	Araneus sericinus is an orb-weaver spider species found in Portugal and Spain	Araneus sericinus	species
taxon rank	The Darling Downs hopping mouse (Notomys mordax) is an extinct species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Darling Downs hopping mouse	species
taxon rank	Glover's pika (Ochotona gloveri) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae.	Glover's pika	species
taxon rank	Ollaphon is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	Ollaphon	genus
taxon rank	Iris virginica, with the common name Virginia iris, is a perennial species of flowering plant, native to eastern North America.	Iris virginica	species
taxon rank	Olearia glutinosa, commonly known as the Sticky Daisy-bush, is a species of plant in the Asteraceae family.	Olearia glutinosa	species
taxon rank	Phausis reticulata, commonly referred to as the ``blue ghost'' is a species of firefly found in the eastern and central United States.	Phausis reticulata	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus ruthae (common name: Ruth's robber frog) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus ruthae	species
taxon rank	Solariella nuda, common name the naked solarelle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.	Solariella nuda	species
taxon rank	Cupressus nevadensis, now reclassified as 'Hesperocyparis nevadensis, with the common name Paiute cypress, is a species of cypress tree native to a small area in Sierra Nevada of California, in the western United States.	Cupressus nevadensis	species
taxon rank	Thermococcus kodakarensis is a species of thermophilic archaea.	Thermococcus kodakarensis	species
taxon rank	Bomarea chimborazensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Alstroemeriaceae.	Bomarea chimborazensis	species
taxon rank	Scaphiophryne marmorata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family commonly known as the green burrowing frog and the marbled rain frog.	Scaphiophryne marmorata	species
taxon rank	Triticum compactum erinaceum, also called California Club Wheat or Mayview wheat, is an extinct subspecies of the hexaploid club wheat Triticum compactum.	Triticum compactum erinaceum	subspecies
taxon rank	Chigutisauridae is an extinct family of large temnospondyl amphibians.	Chigutisauridae	family
taxon rank	Lepidopleurus inquinatus is a species of chiton in the family Leptochitonidae.	Lepidopleurus inquinatus	species
taxon rank	Oncidium lentiginosum is a species of orchid occurring from Colombia to northern Venezuela.	Oncidium lentiginosum	species
taxon rank	The sole species is Nechamandra alternifolia.	Nechamandra	species
taxon rank	Medlicottiidae is a family of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the Prolecanitida, known from the Upper Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian) to the Early Triassic.	Medlicottiidae	family
taxon rank	Musculium lacustre is a species of small freshwater clam, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Sphaeriidae, the fingernail clams and pea clams.	Musculium lacustre	species
taxon rank	Lupinus obtusilobus is a species of lupine known by the common name bluntlobe lupine.	Lupinus obtusilobus	species
taxon rank	Heterochrosis oligochrodes is a species of snout moth in the genus Heterochrosis.	Heterochrosis oligochrodes	species
taxon rank	Ogilvia pulverealis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Ogilvia.	Ogilvia pulverealis	species
taxon rank	Lophosceles is a small genus from the fly family Muscidae.	Lophosceles	genus
taxon rank	Dioscoreales (yam order) is a botanical name for an order of monocotyledon flowering plants in modern classification systems, such as the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group and the Angiosperm Phylogeny Web.	Dioscoreales	order
taxon rank	Hydrolea ovata is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names ovate false fiddleleaf and blue waterleaf.	Hydrolea ovata	species
taxon rank	Glyceria leptostachya is a species of mannagrass known by the common names davy mannagrass and narrow mannagrass.	Glyceria leptostachya	species
taxon rank	Luzonichthys is a genus of marine fish in family Serranidae.	Luzonichthys	genus
taxon rank	Ericameria cooperi (Cooper's goldenbush) is a North American species of shrubs that grows in the desert regions of southern Nevada, southern and eastern California, and Baja California.	Ericameria cooperi	species
taxon rank	Julia exquisita is a species of very small sea snail with a shell comprising two separate hinged pieces or valves.	Julia exquisita	species
taxon rank	Only one species is described, Condorchelys antiqua.	Condorchelys	species
taxon rank	Ischadium recurvum, known as the ``hooked mussel'' or ``bent mussel,'' is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Ischadium recurvum	species
taxon rank	Andreaea gainii is a species of moss that lives in western Antarctica and on the South Shetland Islands.	Andreaea gainii	species
taxon rank	Diastocera trifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Diastocera.	Diastocera trifasciata	species
taxon rank	Pygopristis denticulata is a species of serrasalmidae.	Pygopristis denticulata	species
taxon rank	Eremiaphila persica is a species of praying mantis found in Turkey, Iran, and Azerbaijan.	Eremiaphila persica	species
taxon rank	Austromorium is an Australian genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Austromorium	genus
taxon rank	Rhynchohyalus natalensis, the Glasshead barreleye, is a species of barreleye found in oceans around the world at depths from 247 to 549 metres (810 to 1,801 ft).	Rhynchohyalus natalensis	species
taxon rank	Lycodon cardamomensis, also known as the Cardamom Mountains wolf snake, is a species of non-venomous colubrid snake found in south-western Cambodia and south-eastern Thailand.	Lycodon cardamomensis	species
taxon rank	Metatrophis margaretae is a species of plant in the family Urticaceae.	Metatrophis margaretae	species
taxon rank	Penicillium waksmanii is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the alga Sargassum ringgoldianum.Penicillium waksmanii produces pyrenocine A, pyrenocine C, pyrenocine D and pyrenocine E	Penicillium waksmanii	species
taxon rank	Rhinella achalensis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is endemic to northern Argentina (Córdoba and San Luis provinces).	Rhinella achalensis	species
taxon rank	Malus ioensis, or the prairie crabapple, is a species of crabapple tree native to the United States.	Malus ioensis	species
taxon rank	Oligoneuron is a small genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family (Asteraceae).	Oligoneuron	genus
taxon rank	Dicyemida, or Rhombozoa, is a phylum of tiny parasites that live in the renal appendages of cephalopods.	Dicyemida	phylum
taxon rank	Achroia is a genus of small moths of the snout moth family (Pyralidae).	Achroia	genus
taxon rank	Yunganglong is an extinct genus of basal hadrosauroid dinosaur known from the early Late Cretaceous lower Zhumapu Formation of Zuoyun County, Shanxi Province of northeastern China.	Yunganglong	genus
taxon rank	Panax notoginseng is a species of the genus Panax, and it is most commonly referred to in English as notoginseng.	Panax notoginseng	species
taxon rank	Harpalus anxius is a species of phytophagous and xerophilous ground beetle that is native to Palearctic (including Europe) and the Near East.	Harpalus anxius	species
taxon rank	Kurixalus verrucosus (Boulenger's bushfrog, small rough-armed tree frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Myanmar, Thailand, China, and Vietnam.	Kurixalus verrucosus	species
taxon rank	The Lophiocarpaceae are a family of flowering plants comprising mostly succulent subshrubs and herbaceous species native to tropical to southern sub-Saharan Africa to western India.	Lophiocarpaceae	family
taxon rank	Argyrotaenia pinatubana, the pine tube moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Argyrotaenia pinatubana	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Hypasura hoenei, which is found in China (Hunan).	Hypasura	species
taxon rank	Coreopsis leavenworthii (Leavenworth's Tickseed) is an annual or short lived perennail plant species in the sunflower family.	Coreopsis leavenworthii	species
taxon rank	Lepidorrhachis is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the palm family restricted to Lord Howe Island.	Lepidorrhachis	genus
taxon rank	Purpura persica, common name : the Persian purpura, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Purpura persica	species
taxon rank	Betta pulchra is a species of gourami endemid that is found in Johor, Malaysia.	Betta pulchra	species
taxon rank	Cerithium echinatum is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.	Cerithium echinatum	species
taxon rank	Squalius torgalensis is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae, growing to 12 cm (4.7 in) SL.	Squalius torgalensis	species
taxon rank	Streptococcus orisratti is a species of oral Streptococcus bacteria first isolated from Sprague--	Streptococcus orisratti	species
taxon rank	Dolicholagus longirostris, the Longsnout blacksmelt, is a species of deep-sea smelt found circumglobally in deep waters of the tropics and sub-tropics.	Dolicholagus longirostris	species
taxon rank	Persea borbonia is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family, with several common names including redbay, tisswood, scrubbay, shorebay, and swampbay.	Persea borbonia	species
taxon rank	The Eucharitidae are a family of parasitic wasps known as eucharitid wasps.	Eucharitidae	family
taxon rank	Trillium chloropetalum is a California species of spring-flowering perennial plants.	Trillium chloropetalum	species
taxon rank	Sphodromantis aurea is a species of praying mantis found in Liberia and Ghana.	Sphodromantis aurea	species
taxon rank	Astragalus anserinus, also called the Goose Creek milkvetch, is a member of the genus Astragalus that is listed as a candidate species under the Endangered Species Act.	Astragalus anserinus	species
taxon rank	Phantomosaurus is an extinct genus of Ichthyosaur, which existed during the late Anisian period.	Phantomosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Thescelosauridae is a clade or family of small ornithischians which have previously been generally allied to hypsilophodontids.	Thescelosauridae	family
taxon rank	Melisomimas metallica is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Melisomimas.	Melisomimas metallica	species
taxon rank	Mesotheriidae (``Middle Beasts'') is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals known from the Eocene through the Pleistocene of South America.	Mesotheriidae	family
taxon rank	Royoporus badius, commonly known as the black-footed polypore or black-leg, is a species of fungus in the family Polyporaceae.	Royoporus badius	species
taxon rank	Machlotica chrysodeta is a species of sedge moths in the genus Machlotica.	Machlotica chrysodeta	species
taxon rank	Solanum chilliasense is a species of nightshade that is endemic to Ecuador.	Solanum chilliasense	species
taxon rank	Chthamalus stellatus, common name Poli's stellate barnacle, is a species of acorn barnacle common on rocky shores in South West England, Ireland, and Southern Europe.	Chthamalus stellatus	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria drenovskii is a rare European species of plants in the lily family, native to the Thrace region of northeastern Greece, as well as Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.	Fritillaria drenovskii	species
taxon rank	Myxillina is a suborder of poecilosclerid sponges.	Myxillina	suborder
taxon rank	Stagmomantis californica, common name California mantis, is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmomantis native to the Western United States.	Stagmomantis californica	species
taxon rank	Gobiobotia is a genus of cyprinid fish that is found in eastern Asia.	Gobiobotia	genus
taxon rank	Slender salamander is the name often given to Plethodontid (lungless) salamanders of the genus Batrachoseps.	Slender salamander	genus
taxon rank	The red-tailed pipe snake, red cylinder snake, or common pipe snake, Cylindrophis ruffus is a snake species found in Southeast Asia.	Cylindrophis ruffus	species
taxon rank	Aspitates ochrearia, the yellow belle, is a species of moth in the Geometridae family.	Aspitates ochrearia	species
taxon rank	Acridoxena is the only genus in the subfamily Acridoxeninae.	Acridoxena	genus
taxon rank	The genus, Archaeoindris, translates to ``ancient indri-like lemur'', even though it probably became extinct recently, around 350 BC. Archaeoindris was first described by Herbert F. Standing in 1909 based on subfossil fragmentary jaws, although Charles Lamberton later discovered a complete skull.	Archaeoindris	genus
taxon rank	Inosaurus is the name given to a dubious genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous.	Inosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Lepromoris gibba is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Lepromoris.	Lepromoris gibba	species
taxon rank	Musa velutina, the hairy banana or pink banana, is a species of seeded banana.	Musa velutina	species
taxon rank	Chaetoderma elegans is a species of glisten worm, a kind of shell-less, worm-like mollusk in the family Chaetodermidae.	Chaetoderma elegans	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Ogmocoma pharmacista, which is found on Rodriguez Island in Mauritius.	Ogmocoma	species
taxon rank	Euvola papyracea, or the paper scallop, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae.	Euvola papyracea	species
taxon rank	Polistes biglumis is a species of social wasp within Polistes, the most common genus of paper wasp.	Polistes biglumis	species
taxon rank	Pyrus pyrifolia is a species of pear tree native to East Asia.	Pyrus pyrifolia	species
taxon rank	Pycnopsis brachyptera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pycnopsis.	Pycnopsis brachyptera	species
taxon rank	Hydrophyllum capitatum, is a species of waterleaf known by the common name ballhead waterleaf.	Hydrophyllum capitatum	species
taxon rank	Tachypleus is a genus of southeast and east Asian horseshoe crabs in the family Limulidae.	Tachypleus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudosynanceia melanostigma, the Blackfin stonefish, is a species of stonefish native to the western Indian Ocean where it occurs in areas with muddy bottoms.	Pseudosynanceia melanostigma	species
taxon rank	Protecovasaurus is a genus of archosaurian reptile from the Late Triassic of the southwestern United States.	Protecovasaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Hydroptilidae are a large family of caddisflies (Trichoptera) with a worldwide distribution.	Hydroptilidae	family
taxon rank	Syrphus torvus is a common species of hoverfly found in Europe, Asia and North America.	Syrphus torvus	species
taxon rank	Oncopsis flavicollis is a species of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Macropsinae.	Oncopsis flavicollis	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Paraterpna harrisoni, which is found in Australia (New South Wales).	Paraterpna	species
taxon rank	Pueraria montana is a species of plant in the botanical family Fabaceae.	Pueraria montana	species
taxon rank	The Indian scops owl (Otus bakkamoena) is a resident species of owl found in the southern regions of Asia from eastern Arabia through the Indian Subcontinent, except the far north, east across much of Southeast Asia to Indonesia.	Indian scops owl	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia hirta is an herbaceous species of the plant family Moraceae which is native to eastern Brazil.	Dorstenia hirta	species
taxon rank	Gnetum africanum (eru or African Jointfir) is a vine gymnosperm species found natively throughout tropical Africa.	Gnetum africanum	species
taxon rank	Cloeon dipterum is a species of mayfly with a Holarctic distribution.	Cloeon dipterum	species
taxon rank	Stylinodon is an extinct genus of taeniodont mammal, and is the best known, and last genus of taeniodonts, lived some 45 million years ago during middle Eocene in North America.	Stylinodon	genus
taxon rank	Hadrosteidae is a family of arthrodire placoderms from the Late Devonian.	Hadrosteidae	family
taxon rank	Erigeron decumbens is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Willamette fleabane.	Erigeron decumbens	species
taxon rank	Guyotemaimetsha is an extinct genus of wasp which existed in France during the Cretaceous period.	Guyotemaimetsha	genus
taxon rank	Gmelina fasciculiflora, known as the northern white beech is a species of trees endemic in the Queensland tropical rain forests, Australia, of the mint (Lamiaceae) plant family.	Gmelina fasciculiflora	species
taxon rank	Glyptothorax kudremukhensis is a species of catfish in family Sisoridae and was described by K.C. Gopi in 2007.	Glyptothorax kudremukhensis	species
taxon rank	Vernonia blodgettii (Florida ironweed, Blodgett's ironweed) is a species of perennial plant from Asteraceae family that is native to Florida and the Bahamas.	Vernonia blodgettii	species
taxon rank	Gaillardia pulchella (firewheel, Indian blanket, Indian blanketflower, Indian paintbrush, or sundance), is a North American species of short-lived perennial or annual flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Gaillardia pulchella	species
taxon rank	Dymasia is a monotypic genus of butterflies from southern USA to Central America in the family Nymphalidae that contains the species Tiny Checkerspot or Dyman Checkerspot (Dymasia dymas).	Dymasia	genus
taxon rank	Chathamiidae is a family of case making caddisflies more commonly known as the marine caddisflies.	Chathamiidae	family
taxon rank	Jamoytius kerwoodi was a species of primitive, eel-like jawless fish that lived in the Silurian period.	Jamoytius	species
taxon rank	Calathea loeseneri is a species of plant belonging to the Marantaceae family.	Calathea loeseneri	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Prasium majus, first described for modern science in 1753.	Prasium	species
taxon rank	Holbrookia maculata, commonly known as the lesser earless lizard, is a species of phrynosomatid lizard endemic to the southwestern and central United States and northern Mexico.	Holbrookia maculata	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, the Spruce Needleminer Moth (Taniva albolineana).	Taniva	species
taxon rank	Ploima is an order of rotifers, microscopic invertebrates found in marine and freshwater habitats.	Ploima	order
taxon rank	Silvabestius is an extinct genus of marsupial dating to the Early Miocene.	Silvabestius	genus
taxon rank	Rhododendron indicum is an Azalea Rhododendron species native to Japan (S & W Honshu, Shikoku, Kyushu, Yakushima).	Rhododendron indicum	species
taxon rank	Magnolia campbellii, Campbell's magnolia, is a species of Magnolia that grows in sheltered valleys in the Himalaya from eastern Nepal, Sikkim and Assam, India, east to southwestern China (southern Xizang, Yunnan, southern Sichuan) and south to northern Myanmar.	Magnolia campbellii	species
taxon rank	Trochulus hispidus, previously known as Trichia hispida, common name, the ``hairy snail'', is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Trochulus hispidus	species
taxon rank	Russula illota is an inedible species of mushroom in the genus Russula.	Russula illota	species
taxon rank	Winika is a monotypic genus of epiphytic orchids that is endemic to New Zealand.	Winika	genus
taxon rank	Margarites salmoneus, common name the salmon margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites salmoneus	species
taxon rank	Neomegamphopidae is a family of amphipods, comprising the two genera Maragopsis and Neomegamphopus.	Neomegamphopidae	family
taxon rank	Inocybe lacera (commonly known as the torn tibrecap) is a poisonous species of mushroom in the genus Inocybe.	Inocybe lacera	species
taxon rank	Pseudobagrus brevianalis is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to Taiwan.	Pseudobagrus brevianalis	species
taxon rank	Yongjinglong is an extinct genus of herbivorous derived titanosaur sauropod dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous of Lanzhou-Minhe Basin of Gansu Province, China.	Yongjinglong	genus
taxon rank	Necrolemur (``dead lemur'') is an extinct genus of primate.	Necrolemur	genus
taxon rank	The Lomariopsidaceae is a family of ferns with a largely tropical distribution.	Lomariopsidaceae	family
taxon rank	Kalmia microphylla, known as alpine laurel, bog laurel, swamp-laurel, western bog-laurel or western laurel, is a species of Kalmia belonging to the Ericaceae family.	Kalmia microphylla	species
taxon rank	Gaura neomexicana is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name New Mexico beeblossom.	Gaura neomexicana	species
taxon rank	Abelmoschus is a genus of about fifteen species of flowering plants in the mallow family, Malvaceae, native to tropical Africa, Asia and northern Australia.	Abelmoschus	genus
taxon rank	Botucaraitherium is an extinct genus of prozostrodontian cynodont from the Late Triassic of Brazil.	Botucaraitherium	genus
taxon rank	Lasiognathus waltoni is a species of wolftrap angler known from the eastern central Pacific Ocean.	Lasiognathus waltoni	species
taxon rank	Melicope mucronulata is a species of plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae.	Melicope mucronulata	species
taxon rank	Emuellidae are a small family of trilobites, a group of extinct marine arthropods, that lived during the late Lower Cambrian (late Botomian) of the East Gondwana supercontinent, in what are today South-Australia and Antarctica.	Emuellidae	family
taxon rank	Liomesaspis is an extinct genus of xiphosuran, related to the modern horseshoe crab.	Liomesaspis	genus
taxon rank	Archboldomys, the shrew-mice, are a genus of rodents in the family Muridae.	Archboldomys	genus
taxon rank	Geosmithia putterillii is a species of fungi of the genus Geosmithia, which was named by Australian mycologist John Pitt in 1979, is widely distributed and contains 10 species.	Geosmithia putterillii	species
taxon rank	Rana pueyoi is an extinct species of large frog from Early Miocene of Spain.	Rana pueyoi	species
taxon rank	Aizoaceae or Ficoidaceae (the fig-marigold family or ice plant family) is a family of dicotyledonous flowering plants containing 135 genera and about 1900 species.	Aizoaceae	family
taxon rank	Graphis alboscripta commonly known as White Script Lichen is a species of epiphytic lichen that is endemic to the west coast of Scotland.	Graphis alboscripta	species
taxon rank	Erigeron sparsifolius is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Bracted Utah fleabane..	Erigeron sparsifolius	species
taxon rank	The Isostictidae are a small family of medium-sized to large damselflies restricted to Australia, New Caledonia, and New Guinea.	Isostictidae	family
taxon rank	Vitula edmandsii, the American wax moth, dried-fruit moth or dried fruit moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Vitula.	Vitula edmandsii	species
taxon rank	Aspidotis carlotta-halliae is a species of perennial fern known by the common names tufted lacefern and Carlotta Hall's lace fern.	Aspidotis carlotta-halliae	species
taxon rank	Acer grandidentatum (bigtooth maple) is a species of maple native to interior western North America, occurring in scattered populations from western Montana in the United States south to Coahuila in northern Mexico.	Acer grandidentatum	species
taxon rank	Neritilia is a genus of freshwater snails which live near the sea coast in submarine caves.	Neritilia	genus
taxon rank	Heterorrhina elegans is a species of Scarab beetle found in India and Sri Lanka that belongs to the flower chafer subfamily.	Heterorrhina elegans	species
taxon rank	Malapterurus minjiriya is a species of electric catfish native to Burkina Faso, Ethiopia, Ghana, Mali, Nigeria and Togo.	Malapterurus minjiriya	species
taxon rank	†Carelia paradoxa was a species of small, air-breathing, land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia paradoxa	species
taxon rank	Hymenocallis pumila is a species of spider lily native to the States of Jalisco and Colima in western Mexico.	Hymenocallis pumila	species
taxon rank	Castianeira is a genus of spiders present in Eurasia, Africa, and the Americas.	Castianeira	genus
taxon rank	The Hesperentomidae are a family of hexapods in the order Protura.	Hesperentomidae	family
taxon rank	Chamaecyparis formosensis (Formosan cypress, Taiwan cypress; Chinese: 紅檜/红桧 hong kuai) is a species of Chamaecyparis, endemic to Taiwan, where it grows in the central mountains at moderate to high altitudes of 1000--2900 m. It is threatened by habitat loss and over-cutting for its valuable timber.	Chamaecyparis formosensis	species
taxon rank	Agropyron cristatum (crested wheat grass, crested wheatgrass, fairway crested wheat grass) is a species in the Poaceae family.	Agropyron cristatum	species
taxon rank	The Costa Rican pygmy owl (Glaucidium costaricanum) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Costa Rican pygmy owl	species
taxon rank	Carabus rustemi is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Kazakhstan.	Carabus rustemi	species
taxon rank	Erliansaurus is a genus of therizinosauroid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of China.	Erliansaurus	genus
taxon rank	Massyla corrugata, common name the corrugated nutmeg, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.	Massyla corrugata	species
taxon rank	Collinsia parryi is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Parry's blue eyed Mary.	Collinsia parryi	species
taxon rank	Laricobius osakensis is a species of Derodontid beetle native to Japan.	Laricobius osakensis	species
taxon rank	Morchella meiliensis is a species of fungus in the Morchellaceae family native to China.	Morchella meiliensis	species
taxon rank	Helianthella quinquenervis, fivenerve helianthella, is a North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Helianthella quinquenervis	species
taxon rank	Biceratopsidae is an extinct family of redlichiid trilobites, with species of small to average size.	Biceratopsidae	family
taxon rank	Lessingia hololeuca is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name woollyhead lessingia.	Lessingia hololeuca	species
taxon rank	Urostylididae is a family of true bugs and is considered a basal or ``primitive'' family within the stink-bug lineage.	Urostylididae	family
taxon rank	Apatornis is a genus of prehistoric birds endemic to North America during the late Cretaceous.	Apatornis	genus
taxon rank	Trioza is a sap-sucking bug genus in the family Triozidae.	Trioza	genus
taxon rank	Metachanda astrapias is a species of moth in the family Oecophoridae.	Metachanda astrapias	species
taxon rank	Patella vulgata, common name the common limpet or common European limpet is an edible species of sea snail with gills, a typical true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Patellidae.	Patella vulgata	species
taxon rank	Mycoplasma capricolum is a species of Mycoplasma bacteria.	Mycoplasma capricolum	species
taxon rank	Hasora, the awls, are a genus of skipper butterflies.The contained species are found in the Indomalayan ecozone and the Australasian ecozone	Hasora	genus
taxon rank	Acanthomyrmex concavus is a species of ant that belongs to the Acanthomyrmex genus.	Acanthomyrmex concavus	species
taxon rank	Verminephrobacter is a genus of Gram negative bacteria that colonize the nephridia of earthworms within the family Lumbricidae.	Verminephrobacter	genus
taxon rank	Desmatophoca is an extinct genus of pinniped.	Desmatophoca	genus
taxon rank	Pseudocarpidium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae first described in 1906.	Pseudocarpidium	genus
taxon rank	Zostera capensis is a species of eelgrass growing along the shores of the Atlantic and Indian Oceans in Kenya, Tanzania, Mozambique, Madagascar, Angola and the Cape Provinces and KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.	Zostera capensis	species
taxon rank	Rhynchopsitta phillipsi is an extinct species of thick-billed parrot.	Rhynchopsitta phillipsi	species
taxon rank	Carallia euryoides is a species of plant in the Rhizophoraceae family that is endemic to Peninsular Malaysia.	Carallia euryoides	species
taxon rank	Monopylocystis visvesvarai is a species of amoebae, placed in the monotypic genus Monopylocystis, and belonging to the group Heterolobosea.	Monopylocystis	species
taxon rank	Tulipa saxatilis is a Greek and Turkish species of plants in the genus of tulips in the (lily family).	Tulipa saxatilis	species
taxon rank	Minuartia yukonensis, the Yukon sandwort or Yukon stitchwort, is a plant species native to Yukon and Northwest Territories of Canada, as well as Alaska, and The Russian Far East.	Minuartia yukonensis	species
taxon rank	Lutodrilus multivesiculatus is a species of invertebrate in the Lutodrilidae family.	Lutodrilus multivesiculatus	species
taxon rank	Alicia sansibarensis (commonly known tuberculate night anemone) is a sea anemone species in the genus Alicia which can be found in Indo-Pacific Ocean.	Alicia sansibarensis	species
taxon rank	Taunayia bifasciata is a species of three-barbeled catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Upper Paraíba do Sul and Tietê River basins.	Taunayia bifasciata	species
taxon rank	Nardia is a genus of liverwort in the family Solenostomataceae.	Nardia	genus
taxon rank	The Japanese wagtail (Motacilla grandis) is a species of bird in the pipit and wagtail family Motacillidae.	Japanese wagtail	species
taxon rank	Cattleya tigrina is a bifoliate species of Cattleya orchid.	Cattleya tigrina	species
taxon rank	Didymictis is an extinct genus of carnivorous mammals known from the late Paleocene and early Eocene (Tiffanian-Gardnerbuttean NALMA) of North America.	Didymictis	genus
taxon rank	Astrantia carniolica, the carnic masterwort or red masterwort, is a species of flowering plant in the family Apiaceae.	Astrantia carniolica	species
taxon rank	The Serra Cantareira saddleback toad, Brachycephalus nodoterga, is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family.	Serra Cantareira saddleback toad	species
taxon rank	Cherax snowden is a species of crayfish from West Papua in Indonesia (Oinsok River Drainage, Sawiat District, Chendravasikh and Kepala Burung Peninsulas).	Cherax snowden	species
taxon rank	Selaginella cinerascens is a species of spikemoss known by the common names mesa spikemoss, gray spikemoss, and ashy spikemoss.	Selaginella cinerascens	species
taxon rank	Amblygobius semicinctus, the Halfbarred goby , is a species of goby from Gobiidae family.	Amblygobius semicinctus	species
taxon rank	Mongolocampe zhaoningi is a species of Hymenoptera from the Tetracampidae family.	Mongolocampe zhaoningi	species
taxon rank	Dichograptus (meaning two-branched writing or double-line marks) is an extinct genus of graptolite from the Ordovician.	Dichograptus	genus
taxon rank	Neoscorpis lithophilus, the Stone-bream, is a species of sea chub native to the Indian Ocean coast of Africa where it can be found along rocky coasts from Mozambique to South Africa.	Neoscorpis lithophilus	species
taxon rank	Disa cornuta is a species of orchid found from Zimbabwe to South Africa.	Disa cornuta	species
taxon rank	Herwigia kreffti, Krefft's smooth-head, is a species of bathylaconid fish found at depths of 1,000 to 3,200 metres (3,300 to 10,500 ft) in the oceans.	Herwigia kreffti	species
taxon rank	Allium glomeratum is a Central Asian species of onion native to Xinjiang, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Kazakhstan.	Allium glomeratum	species
taxon rank	Sandalodus is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish from the Carboniferous period.	Sandalodus	genus
taxon rank	Mentzelia affinis is a species of flowering plants in the family Loasaceae known by the common name yellowcomet.	Mentzelia affinis	species
taxon rank	Coladenia agni is a species of spread-winged skipper butterflies.	Coladenia agni	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia aristeguietae is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Venezuela.	Dorstenia aristeguietae	species
taxon rank	Helvella elastica, commonly known as the flexible Helvella, or the elastic saddle, is a species of fungi in the Helvellaceae family, Pezizales order.	Helvella elastica	species
taxon rank	Trachycarpus oreophilus (also known as Thai mountain fan palm) is a species in the genus Trachycarpus.	Trachycarpus oreophilus	species
taxon rank	Guzmania nicaraguensis is a species in the genus Guzmania.	Guzmania nicaraguensis	species
taxon rank	Cynanchum utahense is a species of flowering plant in the Cynanchum genus of the dogbane family, known by the common names Utah swallow-wort and Utah vine milkweed.	Cynanchum utahense	species
taxon rank	Elasmotena insulana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Elasmotena.	Elasmotena insulana	species
taxon rank	Nodipecten nodosus, or the lion's paw scallop, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae.	Nodipecten nodosus	species
taxon rank	The Dehradun stream frog, Amolops chakrataensis, is a species of frog found in India.	Amolops chakrataensis	species
taxon rank	The Ceylon caecilian or common yellow-banded caecilian, Ichthyophis glutinosus (sometimes mistakenly spelled Ichthyophis gluinosus) is a species of caecilian in the family Ichthyophiidae endemic to Sri Lanka.	Ichthyophis glutinosus	species
taxon rank	Polypodium calirhiza is a species of fern in the polypody family.	Polypodium calirhiza	species
taxon rank	Polygonum shastense is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name Shasta knotweed.	Polygonum shastense	species
taxon rank	Harponixus pubescens is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Harponixus.	Harponixus	species
taxon rank	The Bursidae, common name ``frog snails'' or ``frog shells'', are a rather small taxonomic family of large sea snails, marine gastropod predatory snails in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Bursidae	family
taxon rank	Gilia inconspicua is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name shy gilia.	Gilia inconspicua	species
taxon rank	The Sinoceratidae is a family of orthoceroids, named for the genus Sinoceras, both by Shimizu and Obata 1935, and equivalent to the Michelinoceratinae Flower, 1945.	Sinoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Teuscheria is a genus of orchids native to southern Mexico, Central America and northern South America.	Teuscheria	genus
taxon rank	Callionymus planus is a species of dragonet native to the shallow Pacific waters off of southern Japan.	Callionymus planus	species
taxon rank	Podocarpus nivalis (mountain or snow totara) is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.	Podocarpus nivalis	species
taxon rank	Cereus hildmannianus is a species of cactus from southern South America.	Cereus hildmannianus	species
taxon rank	Globularia cordifolia (heart-leaved globe daisy) is a species of flowering plant in the family Planataginaceae, native to the mountains of central and southern Europe, and western Turkey.	Globularia cordifolia	species
taxon rank	Boreopelta is an extinct genus of rhytidosteid temnospondyl from the early Triassic period (Olenekian stage) of Yakutsk Region, central Siberia, Russia.	Boreopelta	genus
taxon rank	Sydonia apomecynoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sydonia.	Sydonia apomecynoides	species
taxon rank	Parnassia caroliniana is a species of flowering plant in the Celastraceae known by the common name Carolina grass of Parnassus.	Parnassia caroliniana	species
taxon rank	Chrysolina viridana is a species of beetle from a Chrysomelidae family .	Chrysolina viridana	species
taxon rank	Choeradodis columbica, common name Columbian shield mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Colombia.	Choeradodis columbica	species
taxon rank	Parepectasoides boliviana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parepectasoides.	Parepectasoides boliviana	species
taxon rank	Sagittaria natans is a species of flowering plant in the water plantain family.	Sagittaria natans	species
taxon rank	Diuris sulphurea (Tiger Orchid or Hornet Orchid) is a species of orchid which is endemic to Australia.	Diuris sulphurea	species
taxon rank	Ptychagnostus atavus is a species of agnostid trilobite.	Ptychagnostus atavus	species
taxon rank	The scarlet marsh hawk, (Aethriamanta brevipennis) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Aethriamanta brevipennis	species
taxon rank	Lytechinus is a genus of sea urchin.	Lytechinus	genus
taxon rank	Heliconius heurippa is a butterfly of the genus Heliconius that is believed by some scientists to be a separate species from--but a hybrid of--the species Heliconius cydno and Heliconius melpomene, making H. heurippa an example of hybrid speciation.	Heliconius heurippa	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Spinitibia hodgesi, which is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia.	Spinitibia	species
taxon rank	Anax speratus, the orange emperor, is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae.	Anax speratus	species
taxon rank	The genus Fagopyrum is in the flowering plant family Polygonaceae.	Fagopyrum	genus
taxon rank	Sineoamphisbaena is an extinct genus of squamate of uncertain phylogenetic placement.	Sineoamphisbaena	genus
taxon rank	Brassia macrostachya is a species of orchid native to Venezuela and Guyana.	Brassia macrostachya	species
taxon rank	Pedopenna (meaning ``foot feather'') is a genus of small, feathered, maniraptoran dinosaur from the Daohugou Beds in China.	Pedopenna	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Barca bicolor, which is found in Tibet and Yunnan.	Barca bicolor	species
taxon rank	Lewisia nevadensis is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Nevada lewisia.	Lewisia nevadensis	species
taxon rank	Ontonychophora is an extinct order of onychophoran consisting of organisms with simple lobobods that lack terminal feet.	Ontonychophora	order
taxon rank	Luteimonas lutimaris is a species of yellow-pigmented, Gram-negative, strictly aerobic bacterium.	Luteimonas lutimaris	species
taxon rank	Agaritha iolaia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Agaritha.	Agaritha iolaia	species
taxon rank	Chaptalia albicans, the white sunbonnet, is a plant species native to Mexico, Central America and the West Indies.	Chaptalia albicans	species
taxon rank	Penicillium diversum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces austinol, isoaustin and diversonol.	Penicillium diversum	species
taxon rank	Morchella anatolica is a species of ascomycete fungus in the family Morchellaceae that was described as new to science in 2010.	Morchella anatolica	species
taxon rank	The Afghan leopard gecko (Eublepharis macularius afghanicus) is one of the five subspecies of the common leopard gecko, a small to midsized lizard belonging to the family Gekkonidae.	Afghan leopard gecko	subspecies
taxon rank	The family Echimyidae contains the Neotropical spiny rats and their fossil relatives.	Echimyidae	family
taxon rank	Opsariichthys pachycephalus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Opsariichthys endemic to Taiwan.	Opsariichthys pachycephalus	species
taxon rank	The Grubbiaceae are a family of flowering plants endemic to the Cape floristic region of South Africa.	Grubbiaceae	family
taxon rank	Astronidium ligulatum is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family endemic to French Polynesia.	Astronidium ligulatum	species
taxon rank	Acmaeodera is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, a group of metallic wood-boring beetles favored by insect collectors.	Acmaeodera	genus
taxon rank	Arsirrhyncha fibriculata is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Arsirrhyncha.	Arsirrhyncha fibriculata	species
taxon rank	Habronattus coecatus is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family, that can be found in Mexico, the United States, and Bermuda.	Habronattus coecatus	species
taxon rank	Streptococcus agalactiae is the species designation for streptococci belonging to group B of the Lancefield classification.	Streptococcus agalactiae	species
taxon rank	The Sri Lanka sabretail, (Megalogomphus ceylonicus) is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Megalogomphus ceylonicus	species
taxon rank	Hoplerythrinus is a genus of trahiras found in Central and South America.	Hoplerythrinus	genus
taxon rank	Thelesperma is a genus of North American and South American plants in the cosmos tribe within the sunflower family.	Thelesperma	genus
taxon rank	Adiantum gertrudis is a threatened species of ferns in the Vittarioideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae that occurs in central South America.	Adiantum gertrudis	species
taxon rank	Eucharis amazonica is a species of flowering plant in the family Amaryllidaceae, native to Peru.	Eucharis amazonica	species
taxon rank	Ugamia is a genus of flowering plants in the chamomile tribe within the sunflower family.	Ugamia	genus
taxon rank	Lactarius rubrilacteus is a species of mushroom of the genus Lactarius.	Lactarius rubrilacteus	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia goodrichii is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name Goodrich's blazingstar.	Mentzelia goodrichii	species
taxon rank	Megasecoptera is a paleozoic insect order.	Megasecoptera	order
taxon rank	Suillus nueschii is a rare species of mushroom in the genus Suillus.	Suillus nueschii	species
taxon rank	Nanyangosaurus is a genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous.	Nanyangosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cochleoceps is a genus of clingfishes endemic to the waters around Australia.	Cochleoceps	genus
taxon rank	Trichostema simulatum is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Siskiyou bluecurls.	Trichostema simulatum	species
taxon rank	Recilia trispinosus is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India.	Recilia trispinosus	species
taxon rank	Ctenocheirodon pristis is a species of characin native to South America that can grow up to 3.4 cm long (only 3.3 for males).	Ctenocheirodon pristis	species
taxon rank	The Lustrous Black Catasetum (Catasetum atratum) is a species of orchid found in Brazil.	Catasetum atratum	species
taxon rank	Froelichia (snakecotton) is a genus of plant in family Amaranthaceae.	Froelichia	genus
taxon rank	Nymphargus garciae is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family, formerly placed in Cochranella.	Nymphargus garciae	species
taxon rank	Xanthocercis zambesiaca (Mashatu tree or Nyala tree) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Xanthocercis zambesiaca	species
taxon rank	The Venezuelan red howler (Alouatta seniculus) is a South American species of howler monkey, a type of New World monkey, found in the western Amazon Basin in Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Brazil.	Venezuelan red howler	species
taxon rank	Promachoteuthis sloani is a species of squid from the northern Atlantic Ocean.	Promachoteuthis sloani	species
taxon rank	Remya kauaiensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family, known by the common name of Kauai remya.	Remya kauaiensis	species
taxon rank	Phacelia orogenes is an uncommon species of phacelia known by the common name mountain phacelia.	Phacelia orogenes	species
taxon rank	Phormium is a genus of two plant species in the Xanthorrhoeaceae family.	Phormium	genus
taxon rank	Leuconopsis obsoleta is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Ellobiidae.	Leuconopsis obsoleta	species
taxon rank	Tabernaemontana palustris is a tropical flowering plant species in the family Apocynaceae.	Tabernaemontana palustris	species
taxon rank	Lissodiadema is the only genus in the family Lissodiadematidae.	Lissodiadema	genus
taxon rank	Gracilidris is a genus of dolichoderine ants with nocturnal behaviour; thought to have gone extinct 15-20 million years ago, they have been found in Paraguay, Brazil, and Argentina and were described in 2006.	Gracilidris	genus
taxon rank	Mimopolyocha obscurella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Mimopolyocha.	Mimopolyocha obscurella	species
taxon rank	Symphyotrichum lentum (formerly Aster lentus) is a species of aster known by the common name Suisun Marsh aster.	Symphyotrichum lentum	species
taxon rank	Cleyera is a plant genus consisting of 18 species of tender, extremely evergreen shrubs to small trees, mostly native to Mexico and Central America, and one from Eastern Asia.	Cleyera	genus
taxon rank	Plectranthias sheni is a species of marine fish belonging to the family Serranidae.	Plectranthias sheni	species
taxon rank	Microcleididae is an extinct family of basal plesiosauroid plesiosaurs from the Early Jurassic (middle Sinemurian to late Toarcian stages) of France, Germany, Portugal and the United Kingdom.	Microcleididae	family
taxon rank	Artocarpus is a genus of approximately 60 trees and shrubs of Southeast Asian and Pacific origin, belonging to the mulberry family, Moraceae.	Artocarpus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudobutyrivibrio xylanivorans is a species of butyrate-producing bacteria from the rumen.	Pseudobutyrivibrio xylanivorans	species
taxon rank	Chorthippus is a large genus of acridid grasshoppers with around 190 described species.	Chorthippus	genus
taxon rank	Hypancistrus contradens is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in the Orinoco River.	Hypancistrus contradens	species
taxon rank	Gossypium thurberi, also known as Arizona wild cotton, Thurber's cotton, or Desert Cotton, is a wild species of cotton.	Gossypium thurberi	species
taxon rank	Caiman venezuelensis is an extinct species of caiman that lived in South America during the Pleistocene.	Caiman venezuelensis	species
taxon rank	Lipariscus nanus, the pygmy snailfish, is a species of snailfish native to the northern Pacific Ocean where it occurs in deep waters down to 910 metres (2,990 ft).	Lipariscus nanus	species
taxon rank	Eubostrychoceras is a genus of helically wound, corkscew form, heteromorph ammonite which lived during the Upper Cretaceous (M Turonian - Campanian).	Eubostrychoceras	genus
taxon rank	The Kawaihae hibiscadelphus (Hibiscadelphus bombycinus) was a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.	Hibiscadelphus bombycinus	species
taxon rank	Manacus is a genus of passerine birds in the manakin family which are found in the forests of tropical mainland Central and South America, and on Trinidad and Tobago.	Manacus	genus
taxon rank	Lutzomyia adiketis is an extinct species of sandfly in the moth fly subfamily Phlebotominae.	Lutzomyia adiketis	species
taxon rank	Hypleurochilus aequipinnis, the Oyster blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean.	Hypleurochilus aequipinnis	species
taxon rank	†Archinacellidae is an extinct family of paleozoic molluscs of uncertain position (Gastropoda or Monoplacophora).	Archinacellidae	family
taxon rank	Physoschistura chulabhornae is a species of loach, a freshwater fish in the family Nemacheilidae.	Physoschistura chulabhornae	species
taxon rank	Pittosporum eriocarpum is a plant species in the Pittosporaceae family endemic to India.	Pittosporum eriocarpum	species
taxon rank	Philoponella vicina is a species of spider that does not use venom (characteristic of Uloboridae), but instead wraps its prey in hundreds of metres of spider silk to crush it to death.	Philoponella vicina	species
taxon rank	Oeceoclades latifolia is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to São Tomé Island.	Oeceoclades latifolia	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium virgatum (commonly known as rabbit-eye blueberry, smallflower blueberry or southern black blueberry ) is a species of blueberry native to the Southeastern United States, from North Carolina south to Florida and west to Texas.	Vaccinium virgatum	species
taxon rank	Saloca diceros is a species of spider that can be found in such European countries as Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Great Britain, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the Netherlands.	Saloca diceros	species
taxon rank	Indosuchus is a genus of abelisaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period (70 to 66 million years ago -- the Maastrichtian), a theropod related to Abelisaurus.	Indosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Psychotria grandiflora (largeflower wild coffee, large-flowered balsamo, kopiko) is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family endemic to the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands.	Psychotria grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Livistona decora is a species of palm endemic to the sclerophyll woodlands of Queensland, Australia.	Livistona decora	species
taxon rank	Celosia trigyna is a plant species commonly known as woolflower for its curious flowers.	Celosia trigyna	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma occidentale, common name the boreal topsnail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma occidentale	species
taxon rank	Rhaphidophora is a genus in the family Araceae, occurring from tropical Africa eastwards through Malesia and Australasia to the Western Pacific.	Rhaphidophora	genus
taxon rank	Gnaphosa porrecta is a ground spider species found in Norway.	Gnaphosa porrecta	species
taxon rank	Equisetum telmateia (great horsetail or northern giant horsetail) is a species of Equisetum (horsetail) with an unusual distribution, with one subspecies native to Europe, western Asia and northwest Africa, and a second subspecies native to western North America.	Equisetum telmateia	species
taxon rank	Penicillium flavisclerotiatum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil of the Stellenbosch mountain in Fynbos in South Africa.	Penicillium flavisclerotiatum	species
taxon rank	Tremacebus harringtoni is an extinct species of New World monkey from the Miocene.	Tremacebus	species
taxon rank	Hechtia mooreana is a species in the genus Hechtia, endemic to Mexico.	Hechtia mooreana	species
taxon rank	Oxalis priceae, the tufted yellow woodsorrel, is a species of flowering plant in the woodsorrel family.	Oxalis priceae	species
taxon rank	Conus sennottorum, common name Sennett's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus sennottorum	species
taxon rank	Xiaosaurus (``dawn lizard'', /ʃaʊˈsɔrəs/), is a genus of small herbivorous dinosaur from the middle Jurassic, approximately 169 to 163 mya.	Xiaosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Petroscirtes xestus, the xestus sabretooth blenny, xestus fangblenny, or the bearded sabretooth blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian ocean.	Petroscirtes xestus	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Cleptophasia scissa, which is found in Brazil, French Guiana and Venezuela.	Cleptophasia	species
taxon rank	Microchrysa flavicornis, the green gem, is a European species of soldier fly.	Microchrysa flavicornis	species
taxon rank	Puncturella pseudanaloga is a minute species of deepwater keyhole limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Puncturella pseudanaloga	species
taxon rank	Phylloceratidae is the predominant family of the Phylloceratina with some 15 or more genera found in rocks ranging from the Lower Jurassic to the Upper Cretaceous.	Phylloceratidae	family
taxon rank	Sciurotamias is a genus of rodent in the family Sciuridae, found in China.	Sciurotamias	genus
taxon rank	Dodecocerus poirieri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Dodecocerus.	Dodecocerus poirieri	species
taxon rank	Amaurospiza is a genus of birds.	Amaurospiza	genus
taxon rank	Mesoleptus hibernica is a species of parasitic wasp that was discovered by Dr. Chris Williams, in County Mayo, when he was waiting for marsh flies to hatch in jam jars on his desk.	Mesoleptus hibernica	species
taxon rank	Lagis koreni, commonly known as the trumpet worm, is a species of marine polychaete worm found in European waters.	Lagis koreni	species
taxon rank	Cleomella obtusifolia is a species of flowering plant in the cleome family known by the common name Mojave stinkweed.	Cleomella obtusifolia	species
taxon rank	Istiblennius pox, the scarface rockskipper, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean.	Istiblennius pox	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Cylindropsis parvifolia , native to central Africa (Nigeria, Cabinda, Gabon, Central African Republic, Republic of Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo).	Cylindropsis	species
taxon rank	Tephrosia spinosa is a flowering plant species in the genus Tephrosia native from India, Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Indonesia.	Tephrosia spinosa	species
taxon rank	Parenchelyurus hyena is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific ocean, around Papua New Guinea.	Parenchelyurus hyena	species
taxon rank	Anemone virginiana is an upright growing herbaceous plant species in the genus Anemone and family Ranunculaceae.	Anemone virginiana	species
taxon rank	Levinseniella deblocki, new species (Trematoda: Digenea: Microphallidae) from salt marshes along the eastern Gulf of Mexico with notes on its functional morphology and life history (abstract only).	Levinseniella deblocki	species
taxon rank	Neoconis is a genus of lacewing.	Neoconis	genus
taxon rank	Mycobacterium shimoidei is a slowly growing non-pigmented species of mycobacteria.	Mycobacterium shimoidei	species
taxon rank	Allium rhizomatum is a species of plant native to southern Arizona (Cochise and Santa Cruz Counties), southern New Mexico (Catron, Grant, Hidalgo, Socorro, Sierra and Eddy Counties) and western Texas (Brewster and Jeff Davis Counties) in the United States, and Chihuahua in Mexico.	Allium rhizomatum	species
taxon rank	Protomicrocotylidae is a family of monogenean parasites in the order Mazocraeidea.	Protomicrocotylidae	family
taxon rank	Melicope obovata (also called Makawao melicope or obovate melicope) was a species of plant in the Rutaceae family.	Melicope obovata	species
taxon rank	The Vipos tuco-tuco (Ctenomys viperinus) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Vipos tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Neotricula is a genus freshwater snails which have a gill and an operculum, gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Neotricula	genus
taxon rank	Cicindela oregona, also called the Western Tiger Beetle, is a species of ground beetles native to North America.	Cicindela oregona	species
taxon rank	Dendrobium yeageri (Yeager's Dendrobium) is a species of the family Orchidaceae endemic to the Philippines named in honor of Dr. Clark Harvey Yeager.	Dendrobium yeageri	species
taxon rank	Quasipaa delacouri (common names: Doi Chang Asian frog, Tonkin Asian frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Quasipaa delacouri	species
taxon rank	The West Mexican chachalaca (Ortalis poliocephala) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family.	West Mexican chachalaca	species
taxon rank	Hadropithecus is a medium-sized, extinct genus of lemur, or strepsirrhine primate, from Madagascar that includes a single species, Hadropithecus stenognathus.	Hadropithecus	genus
taxon rank	Masdevallia agaster is a species of epiphytic orchid endemic to southern Ecuador.	Masdevallia agaster	species
taxon rank	Conasprella arcuata, common name the arched cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella arcuata	species
taxon rank	Myomyscus is a genus of rodent.	Myomyscus	genus
taxon rank	Pamphorichthys is a genus of poeciliids native to the Amazon, Paraguay, São Francisco and Itapicuru basins in South America.	Pamphorichthys	genus
taxon rank	Pityphyllum is a genus of orchids comprising 7 known species native to Venezuela, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador and Colombia.	Pityphyllum	genus
taxon rank	Ebinania is a genus of fatheads.	Ebinania	genus
taxon rank	Eryngium armatum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name coastal eryngo.	Eryngium armatum	species
taxon rank	Potentilla morefieldii is a species of cinquefoil known by the common name Morefield's cinquefoil.	Potentilla morefieldii	species
taxon rank	Peltosaurus is an extinct genus of anguid lizard from North America that lived from the Eocene to the Oligocene.	Peltosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Gomphus clavatus, commonly known pig's ears or violet chanterelle, as is an edible species of fungus in the genus Gomphus, family Gomphaceae native to Eurasia and North America.	Gomphus clavatus	species
taxon rank	Muraenolepis is a genus of eel cods.	Muraenolepis	genus
taxon rank	Lavandula dentata is a species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, native to the Mediterranean, the Atlantic islands and the Arabian peninsula.	Lavandula dentata	species
taxon rank	Littoraria angulifera or the mangrove periwinkle is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae, the winkles.	Littoraria angulifera	species
taxon rank	Teucrium chamaedrys, the wall germander, is a species of ornamental plant native to Mediterranean region of Europe and North Africa, and to the Middle East as far east as Iran.	Teucrium chamaedrys	species
taxon rank	Cnidium is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, native to Eurasia, Africa and North America.	Cnidium	genus
taxon rank	Strioderes peruanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Strioderes.	Strioderes peruanus	species
taxon rank	Erigeron cervinus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Siskiyou fleabane and Siskiyou fleabane daisy.	Erigeron cervinus	species
taxon rank	Sweepers are small, tropical marine (occasionally brackish) perciform fish of the family Pempheridae.	Sweeper	family
taxon rank	Jatropha cathartica is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae, that is native to Texas in the United States and Coahuila, Nuevo León and Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico.	Jatropha cathartica	species
taxon rank	Papuadessus pakdjoko is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Papuadessus.	Papuadessus	genus
taxon rank	Prosoproctus pataecus is a species of velvetfish native to the South China Sea where it occurs at depths of from 69 to 82 metres (226 to 269 ft).	Prosoproctus pataecus	species
taxon rank	Trigoniulus corallinus, sometimes called the rusty millipede, is a species of millipede native to the area around Thailand and Myanmar.	Trigoniulus corallinus	species
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus elongatus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae found in Indonesia (Kalimantan and Sumatra), Malaysia (peninsular Malaysia, Sarawak) and Singapore.	Dipterocarpus elongatus	species
taxon rank	Henosepilachna guttatopustulata, the Large Leaf-eating Ladybird, is a species of ladybird endemic to parts of Australasia, specifically New South Wales, Queensland, the Bismarck Archipelago, New Guinea, New Hebrides and Solomon Islands.	Henosepilachna guttatopustulata	species
taxon rank	Parecyroschema cristipenne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parecyroschema.	Parecyroschema cristipenne	species
taxon rank	Corythornis is a genus of small insectivorous African water kingfishers.	Corythornis	genus
taxon rank	Palmoliparis beckeri, the gloved snailfish, is a species of snailfish found around the northern Kuril Islands in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	Palmoliparis beckeri	species
taxon rank	Turnera ulmifolia, the ramgoat dashalong or yellow alder, is a species of plant of family Passifloraceae, native to Mexico and the West Indies.	Turnera ulmifolia	species
taxon rank	The Northern Colletes (Colletes floralis) is a species of bee within the genus Colletes.	Northern Colletes	species
taxon rank	Liolaemus constanzae, commonly known as Constanza's tree iguana, is a species of iguanid lizard endemic to South America.	Liolaemus constanzae	species
taxon rank	Aplysia morio, the Atlantic black sea hare or sooty sea hare, is a species of sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	Aplysia morio	species
taxon rank	Platanthera chlorantha, commonly known as greater butterfly-orchid, is a species of orchid in the genus Platanthera.	Platanthera chlorantha	species
taxon rank	Proborhyaenidae is an extinct family of metatherian mammals of the order Sparassodonta, which lived in South America from the Eocene (Casamayoran) until the Oligocene (Deseadan).	Proborhyaenidae	family
taxon rank	Osteopeltidae is a taxonomic family of small, deep water sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Osteopeltidae	family
taxon rank	Microdesmus is a genus of wormfishes native to the Atlantic Ocean and the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Microdesmus	genus
taxon rank	Laugiidae is an extinct family of prehistoric sarcopterygian fishes which lived during the Triassic and Jurassic period.	Laugiidae	family
taxon rank	Erethistoides montana is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to India where it can be found in Tripura, Assam and Darjeeling.	Erethistoides montana	species
taxon rank	Wolffia brasiliensis is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Brazilian watermeal.	Wolffia brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Turritellidae, common name the ``tower shells'' or ``tower snails'', is a taxonomic family of small to medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha.	Turritellidae	family
taxon rank	Matisia exalata is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Bombacaceae family.	Matisia exalata	species
taxon rank	Crocodylus anthropophagus is an extinct species of crocodile from Plio-Pleistocene from Tanzania.	Crocodylus anthropophagus	species
taxon rank	Bacillus sonorensis is a species of bacteria with type strain L87-10T (= NRRL B-23154T).	Bacillus sonorensis	species
taxon rank	Glossogobius flavipinnis is a species of goby endemic to Lake Towuti in Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Glossogobius flavipinnis	species
taxon rank	Iphiothe criopsoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Iphiothe.	Iphiothe criopsoides	species
taxon rank	Nacella terroris is a southern, cold-water species of sea snail, a limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae, the true limpets.	Nacella terroris	species
taxon rank	Setaria verticillata is a species of grass known by the common names hooked bristlegrass, rough bristle-grass and bristly foxtail.	Setaria verticillata	species
taxon rank	Potentilla pseudosericea is a species of cinquefoil known by the common names silky cinquefoil and Mono cinquefoil.	Potentilla pseudosericea	species
taxon rank	Amblyeleotris periophthalma is a marine benthic species of goby native to reef environments of the Indo-West Pacific, Red Sea included.	Amblyeleotris periophthalma	species
taxon rank	Cassida saucia is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family, that can be found in various Asian countries, including Armenia, Azerbaijan, Iran and Turkey.	Cassida saucia	species
taxon rank	Pseudobiceros bedfordi, (common names Persian carpet flatworm and Bedford's flatworm) is a species of flatworm in the family Pseudocerotidae.	Pseudobiceros bedfordi	species
taxon rank	Bullina lineata, common name the red-lined bubble snail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Bullinidae.	Bullina lineata	species
taxon rank	Hemidoras is a small genus of thorny catfishes native to the Amazon basin in South America.	Hemidoras	genus
taxon rank	Macrorhamphosodes is a genus of spikefishes native to the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.	Macrorhamphosodes	genus
taxon rank	Migidae is a family of spiders with about 90 species in 10 genera, known as tree trapdoor spiders.	Migidae	family
taxon rank	Mioplosus is an extinct genus of Percid fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.	Mioplosus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudonoseris is a genus of South American plants in the dandelion subfamily of the sunflower family.	Pseudonoseris	genus
taxon rank	Stachystemon is a plant genus in the family Picrodendraceae first described as a genus in 1845.	Stachystemon	genus
taxon rank	Sorbus maderensis, a rowan, is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family.	Sorbus maderensis	species
taxon rank	Hamptonia is a genus of sponge known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale and the Lower Ordovician Fezouata formation.	Hamptonia	genus
taxon rank	Watasenia scintillans, also known as the sparkling enope squid or firefly squid, is a species of squid in the family Enoploteuthidae.	Watasenia scintillans	species
taxon rank	Archeria hirtella is a species of shrub in the heath family (Ericaceae).	Archeria hirtella	species
taxon rank	Lilium (members of which are true lilies) is a genus of herbaceous flowering plants growing from bulbs, all with large prominent flowers.	Lilium	genus
taxon rank	Aspidotis californica is a species of fern known by the common name California lacefern.	Aspidotis californica	species
taxon rank	Nordstromia japonica is a species of moth belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.	Nordstromia japonica	species
taxon rank	The Langtang Larch (Larix himalaica) is a species of conifer in the genus Larix.	Larix himalaica	species
taxon rank	Erigeron robustior is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name White cushion fleabane or Willamette fleabane.	Erigeron robustior	species
taxon rank	Hypsoblennius ionthas, the freckled blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Atlantic ocean.	Hypsoblennius ionthas	species
taxon rank	Dendropsophus anceps (common name: Estrella treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Dendropsophus anceps	species
taxon rank	Chara vulgaris, the common stonewort, is a green alga species in the genus Chara.	Chara vulgaris	species
taxon rank	Aulopus is a genus of flagfins native to the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.	Aulopus	genus
taxon rank	Geitoneura minyas, commonly known as the western xenica is a species of butterfly from the Nymphalidae family, found in the south-west of Western Australia.	Geitoneura minyas	species
taxon rank	The Seaweed pipefishes, Syngnathus, is a genus of pipefishes in the family Syngnathidae.	Seaweed pipefish	genus
taxon rank	Amyema benthamii, known in the Bardi language as nyilinyil, is a species of flowering plant, an epiphytic hemiparasitic plant of the family Loranthaceae native to northern Australia.	Amyema benthamii	species
taxon rank	Laureliopsis is a genus of flowering plants with just one species, L. philippiana, known as Tepa, endemic to Chile and Argentina (35 to 45°S).	Laureliopsis	species
taxon rank	Blepharipoda occidentalis, the spiny sand crab or spiny mole crab, is a species of sand crab or mole crab which lives in the eastern Pacific Ocean, from Central California to Baja California.	Blepharipoda occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Thamnochortus insignis is a species of grass-like restio of the family Restionaceae, endemic to Cape Province in South Africa.	Thamnochortus insignis	species
taxon rank	Gelidiella calcicola is a rare seaweed species in the Rhodophyta, described for the first time in 1988.	Gelidiella calcicola	species
taxon rank	Lysapsus laevis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in southwestern Guyana and adjacent northern Brazil.	Lysapsus laevis	species
taxon rank	Stephanolepis is a genus of bony fish in the family Monacanthidae, the filefishes.	Stephanolepis	genus
