The Journal of Julius Rodman , Being an Account of the First Passage across the Rocky Mountains of North America Ever Achieved by Civilized Man is an unfinished serial novel by American author Edgar Allan Poe published in 1840 .
East of the Mountains is a novel by American author David Guterson , first published in 1999 , and in paperback in 2000 .
The Marvels Project is a 2009 - 2010 eight - issue comic book limited series written by Ed Brubaker with art by Steve Epting and published by Marvel Comics .
La sombra de Heidegger ( English : The Shadow of Heidegger ) is a 2005 thriller written by the Argentine philosopher José Pablo Feinmann .
Works of Love ( Danish : Kjerlighedens Gjerninger ) is a work by Søren Kierkegaard written in 1847 .
Firewing is a children 's book written by the Canadian author , Kenneth Oppel .
The Age of Spiritual Machines is a non - fiction book by inventor and futurist Ray Kurzweil about artificial intelligence and the future course of humanity .
O Seminarista ( in English : The Seminarian ) is a novel by Brazilian writer Bernardo Guimarães , first published in 1872 .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
Gut Symmetries is a 1997 novel by the British literary writer Jeanette Winterson , exploring themes of human relationships and physics .
The Underpainter is a novel by Jane Urquhart that won the 1997 Governor General 's Award for English - language fiction , and in the same year was a finalist for the Rogers Writers ' Trust Fiction Prize .
The Four - Chambered Heart is a 1950 autobiographical novel by French - born writer Anaïs Nin , part of her Cities of the Interior sequence .
`` The Secret Sharer '' is a short story by Joseph Conrad written in 1909 , first published in Harper 's Magazine in 1910 , and as a book in the short - story collection Twixt Land and Sea ( 1912 ) .
Little Peter 's Journey to the Moon ( German Peterchens Mondfahrt ) is a German - language fairy tale written by Gerdt von Bassewitz .
Sonnet 36 is one of 154 Shakespeare 's sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare .
Lettin ' It All Hang Out is the autobiography of drag performer RuPaul .
Nightmares and Geezenstacks is a short story collection consisting of 47 horror , science fiction and crime stories written by Fredric Brown .
Les Contemplations ( The Contemplations ) is a collection of poetry by Victor Hugo , published in 1856 .
Spearfield 's Daughter is a 1982 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary .
`` The Sick Rose '' is a poem by William Blake .
Sigtuna väravad ( English : The Gates of Sigtuna ) is a compilation of novels by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi .
The Rottweiler ( 2003 ) is a psychological thriller novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell .
Les Sœurs Vatard ( English : The Vatard Sisters ) is a novel by the French writer Joris - Karl Huysmans , first published in 1879 .
The Emerald Atlas is the first novel of the children 's fantasy trilogy The Books of Beginning by John Stephens .
The Meanest Doll in the World is a children 's novel by Ann M. Martin and Laura Godwin .
`` Black Colossus '' is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian , written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine , June 1933 .
Up the Junction is a 1963 collection of short stories by Nell Dunn that depicts contemporary life in the industrial slums of Battersea and Clapham Junction .
Witch Week is a children 's fantasy novel and school story by the British writer Diana Wynne Jones , published by Macmillan Children 's Books in 1982 .
La Dentellière ( `` The Lacemaker '' ) , is a French novel by Pascal Lainé .
An Encyclopedia of Claims , Frauds , and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural is a 1995 book by James Randi with a foreword by Arthur C. Clarke .
Beyond the Veil of Stars is a science - fiction novel by Robert Reed , first published in 1994 .
Goblin Market and Other Poems was Christina Rossetti 's first volume of poetry , published in 1862 .
The Key to Midnight is a novel by the best - selling author Dean Koontz , released in 1979 under the pseudonym Leigh Nichols .
The Headless Lady ( 1940 ) is a whodunnit mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson .
The Rites of Eleusis were a series of seven public invocations or rites written by British occultist Aleister Crowley , each centered on one of the seven classical planets of antiquity .
One Man 's Bible ( S : 一个人的圣经 , T : 一個人的聖經 , P : Yī gè rén de Shèngjīng , French : Le Livre d'un homme seul ) is a novel by Gao Xingjian .
A View from the Bridge is a play by American playwright Arthur Miller , first staged on September 29 , 1955 , as a one - act verse drama with A Memory of Two Mondays at the Coronet Theatre on Broadway .
Hinds ' Feet on High Places is an allegorical novel by English author Hannah Hurnard .
Black Kiss is a hardboiled erotic American comic book limited series written and drawn by Howard Chaykin , which was originally published in 1988 by Vortex Comics .
Hell Has No Limits ( Spanish : El lugar sin límites , `` The Place Without Limits '' ) is a 1966 novel written by Chilean José Donoso .
Guerrilla Days in Ireland is a book published by Irish Republican Army leader Tom Barry in 1949 .
Emeka a biography by Frederick Forsyth about his friend Colonel Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu , head of the state of Biafra , a republic that seceded from Nigeria and was briefly independent .
Killing Rommel is a 2008 historical fiction novel by Steven Pressfield set in North Africa during World War Two .
The Heart of Midlothian is the seventh of Sir Walter Scott 's Waverley Novels .
Absent in the Spring is a novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Collins in August 1944 and in the US by Farrar & Rinehart later in the same year .
An Essay on the History of Civil Society is a book by the Scottish Enlightenment philosopher Adam Ferguson , first published in 1767 .
Chuk and Gek ( Russian : Чук и Гек ) is a 1939 Russian short - story written by Soviet children 's writer Arkady Gaidar .
`` Gingo biloba '' ( later : Ginkgo biloba ) is a poem written by the German poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
His Family is a novel by Ernest Poole published in 1917 about the life of a New York widower and his three daughters in the 1910s .
The Three Sui Quash the Demons ' Revolt ( 三遂平妖傳 ) , also translated as The Sorcerer 's Revolt , is a novel written in the Ming Dynasty and attributed to Luo Guanzhong , the 14th - century author of Romance of the Three Kingdoms .
Soldier Boys is a 2001 novel by writer Dean Hughes .
The Boat of a Million Years is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson first published in 1989 and nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel that same year .
The Conan Grimoire is a 1972 collection of essays , poetry and fiction edited by L. Sprague de Camp and George H. Scithers , published in hardcover by Mirage Press .
The Meaning of Shakespeare ( 1951 ) was written by Harold Clarke Goddard .
Det skriker fra Kverrvilljuvet is a novel first published in 1920 by Norwegian writer Mikkjel Fønhus .
Sampagitang Walang Bango ( `` Jasmine Without Fragrance '' ) , also rendered as Sampaguitang Walang Bango , was a 1921 Tagalog - language novel written by notable Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed . Regalado .
Lady of Sherwood is a 1999 historical fiction novel by American author Jennifer Roberson .
The Extraordinary Life of The Last Emperor of China ( Chinese : 末代皇帝的非常人生 ; pinyin : Mòdài Huángdì dè Fēicháng Rénshēng ) is a Chinese historical biographical book by Jia Yinghua about the life of Puyi ( 1906 - -1967 ) , the Last Emperor of China .
Phineas Finn is a novel by Anthony Trollope and the name of its leading character .
The Myth of the Twentieth Century ( German : Der Mythus des zwanzigsten Jahrhunderts ) is a 1930 book by Alfred Rosenberg , one of the principal ideologues of the Nazi Party and editor of the Nazi paper Völkischer Beobachter .
Swordsmen and Supermen is an anonymously edited anthology of fantasy stories by Robert E. Howard and others , with a cover by Virgil Finlay .
Hello Out There ! is a one - act play by the Armenian - American playwright William Saroyan written early in August 1941 .
`` The Brick Moon '' is a short story by Edward Everett Hale , published serially in The Atlantic Monthly starting in 1869 .
Journey to a War is a travel book in prose and verse by W. H. Auden and Christopher Isherwood , published in 1939 .
`` A Retrieved Reformation '' is a short story by American author O. Henry first published in The Cosmopolitan Magazine , April 1903 .
Kiss Me , Deadly ( 1952 ) is Mickey Spillane 's sixth novel featuring private investigator Mike Hammer .
Postcards from the Grave is a book by Emir Suljagić , relating to his experiences in Srebrenica , published on 31 July 2005 by Saqi Books ( 196 pages ) .
Traditionally , the authorship of the Mahabharata is attributed to Vyasa .
The Story of My Typewriter is a 2002 book , by Paul Auster , mostly with pictures by the painter Sam Messer .
Fashion Beast is a 2012 ten issue limited series and screen play by Alan Moore , Malcolm McLaren , and Antony Johnston .
China Harayeko Manchhe is an autobiography written by Hari Bansha Acharya .
The Star Rover is a novel by American writer Jack London published in 1915 ( published in the United Kingdom as The Jacket ) .
`` The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas '' is a 1973 plotless , short , descriptive work of philosophical fiction , popularly classified as a short story , by Ursula K. Le Guin .
The Four Elements of Architecture is a book by the German architect Gottfried Semper .
The Jupiter Theft is a 1977 novel by science fiction writer Donald Moffitt , re - printed in 2003 with a new afterword .
`` Harrison Bergeron '' is a satirical and dystopian science - fiction short story written by Kurt Vonnegut and first published in October 1961 .
The Blue Peril ( English translation of the French title , Le Péril Bleu ) is a 1910 French science fiction novel by Maurice Renard .
Emilia Galotti is a play in five acts by Gotthold Ephraim Lessing ( 1729 - -1781 ) , which premiered on 8 March 1772 in Brunswick ( `` Braunschweig '' in German ) .
The Chinaman Pacific and Frisco R.R. Co. is a 1988 short - story collection by Frank Chin that collects many of the short stories he had published in the 1970s .
Notes on Muscovite Affairs ( Rerum Moscoviticarum Commentarii ) ( 1549 ) was a Latin book by Baron Sigismund von Herberstein on the geography , history and customs of Muscovy ( the 16th century Russian state ) .
Obasan is a novel by the Japanese - Canadian author Joy Kogawa .
Room For Love is a chick lit novel by American author Andrea Meyer .
Heart of the Comet is a novel by David Brin and Gregory Benford about human space travel to Halley 's Comet published in 1986 .
`` The Revolutionist '' is an Ernest Hemingway short story published in his first American volume of stories In Our Time .
Lords of the Starship is a 1967 science fiction novel which marked the debut of author Mark S. Geston , written while he was a sophomore at Kenyon College .
Märchen Awakens Romance , officially abbreviated as MÄR ( メル Meru ) , is a manga series written and illustrated by Nobuyuki Anzai .
Seen Art ? is a children 's picture book written by Jon Scieszka and illustrated by Lane Smith .
De humani corporis fabrica libri septem ( Latin for `` On the fabric of the human body in seven books '' ) is a set of books on human anatomy written by Andreas Vesalius ( 1514 - -1564 ) and published in 1543 .
The Comedy Writer is a 1998 novel by filmmaker Peter Farrelly .
Oath of Swords is the first novel in the War God fantasy series by American author David Weber .
Brian 's Return is a 1999 wilderness survival novel written by Gary Paulsen and fourth novel in the Hatchet series .
El Unicorno translated in English as The Wandering Unicorn ( 1965 ) is a novel by the Argentinian author Manuel Mujica Láinez ( 1910 - -1964 ) in which the legend of Melusine is developed .
The Symbolic Species is a 1997 book by biological anthropologist Terrence Deacon on the evolution of language .
Where to Find Your Law is a book by Ernest Arthur Jelf , M.A. It is a bibliography of law .
Lucky Everyday ( 2009 ) is the debut novel of the Indian author Bapsy Jain published by Penguin , USA .
Elements of the Philosophy of Newton ( French : Éléments de la philosophie de Newton ) is a book written by the philosopher Voltaire in 1738 that helped to popularize the theories and thought of Isaac Newton .
Drømmebroer ( lit . Dream Bridges ) is a 2000 poetry collection by Danish poet Henrik Nordbrandt .
The Theory of Business Enterprise is an economics ( or political economy ) book by Thorstein Veblen published in 1904 that looks at the growing corporate domination of culture and the economy .
The Eyes of the Dragon is a novel by Stephen King that was first published as a limited edition slipcased hardcover by Philtrum Press in 1984 , illustrated by Kenneth R. Linkhauser .
The Monkey Wrench Gang is a novel written by American author Edward Abbey ( 1927 - -1989 ) , published in 1975 .
The Stain is a 1984 novel of sexuality and religion by Rikki Ducornet , set in France 's Loire Valley in the nineteenth century .
The Clerkenwell Tales is an historical novel by English writer Peter Ackroyd , first published in 2003 .
How I Became a Nun by César Aira is a novel set in Rosario , Argentina , about a precocious six - year - old named César Aira .
The Wheel on the School is a novel by Meindert DeJong a Dutch born American that won the 1955 Newbery Medal for children 's literature and the 1957 Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis .
Al Capone Does My Shirts is a historical fiction novel for young adults by award winning author Gennifer Choldenko .
Marooned in Realtime is a 1986 murder mystery and time - travel science fiction novel by American writer Vernor Vinge , about a small , time - displaced group of people who may be the only survivors of a technological singularity or alien invasion .
It 's Just a Plant is a children 's book , written , illustrated and published by Ricardo Cortés .
The PHP License , version 3.01 Copyright ( c ) 1999 - 2015 The PHP Group .
Woman and the New Race is a book by birth control advocate Margaret Sanger published in 1920 .
The Dying Earth is a collection of fantasy short fiction by Jack Vance , published by Hillman in 1950 .
Bert och Boysen ( Swedish : Bert and the boys ) is a diary novel , written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1996 .
Striding Folly is a collection of short stories by Dorothy L. Sayers featuring Lord Peter Wimsey .
`` 26 Monkeys , Also the Abyss '' is a fantasy short story by Kij Johnson , published in 2008 on the American magazine Asimov 's Science Fiction .
Sonnet 30 is one of the 154 sonnets written by the English poet and playwright William Shakespeare .
The Fifth Mountain ( Portuguese : O Monte Cinco ) by Paulo Coelho was published in 1996 and was his fourth major publication .
Mr. Sleeman Is Coming ( Swedish : Herr Sleeman kommer ) is a 1917 one - act play by the Swedish author Hjalmar Bergman .
The Sweet Smell of Psychosis is Will Self 's first published Novella .
Double Contact is a 1999 science fiction book by author James White and is the last in the Sector General series .
13 Things That Do n't Make Sense is a non - fiction book by the British science writer Michael Brooks , published in both the UK and the US during 2008 .
Aurora Floyd ( 1863 ) is a sensation novel written by Mary Elizabeth Braddon .
The Story of Civilization , by husband and wife Will and Ariel Durant , is an eleven - volume set of books covering Western history for the general reader .
The History of the Siege of Lisbon ( Portuguese : História do Cerco de Lisboa ) is a novel by Portuguese author José Saramago , first published in 1989 .
Boeah Rindoe ( Perfected Spelling : Buah Rindu , Indonesian for Fruits of Longing ) is a 1941 poetry collection by Amir Hamzah .
The Friends of Voltaire , written by Evelyn Beatrice Hall under the pseudonym S. G. Tallentyre , was published in 1906 .
Wonderland Revisited and the Games Alice Played There is a novel by Keith Sheppard , written about 1993 and published in 2009 by Evertype of Westport , County Mayo .
Epistemology of the Closet is a book published in 1990 by Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick , who is considered one of the founders of queer studies .
The Adventures of Captain Underpants is an American children 's novel by Dav Pilkey , the first novel in the Captain Underpants series .
Victims of Yalta is the British and The Secret Betrayal the American title of a 1977 book by Nikolai Tolstoy that chronicles the fate of Soviet people who had been under German control during World War II and at its end fallen into the hands of the Western Allies .
The Totem is a horror novel by David Morrell , first published in 1979 .
Romance of the Three Kingdoms , attributed to Luo Guanzhong , is a historical novel set in the turbulent years towards the end of the Han dynasty and the Three Kingdoms period in Chinese history , starting in 169 AD and ending with the reunification of the land in 280 .
The Country and the City is a book of cultural analysis by Raymond Williams which was first published in 1973 .
The Ring and the Book is a long dramatic narrative poem , and , more specifically , a verse novel , of 21,000 lines , written by Robert Browning .
Mrs. Overtheway 's Remembrances ( 1869 ) is the first children 's book published by author Juliana Horatia Ewing ( 1884 - 1886 ) .
The Search for the Dice Man was written by George Cockcroft under the pen name Luke Rhinehart .
The Shaping of Middle - earth ( 1986 ) is the fourth volume of Christopher Tolkien 's 12-volume series The History of Middle - earth in which he analyses the unpublished manuscripts of his father J. R. R. Tolkien .
Free Food for Millionaires is a 2007 novel by Korean American writer Min Jin Lee .
`` Down by the Salley Gardens '' ( Irish : Gort na Saileán ) is a poem by William Butler Yeats published in The Wanderings of Oisin and Other Poems in 1889 .
The White Deer is a 96-page children 's novel written by James Thurber ( author of The Thirteen Clocks and The Wonderful O ) in 1945 .
First Landing is a 2002 science fiction novel by Robert Zubrin that tells the story of the first manned space expedition to Mars .
Queen of the Elephants is a book written by the conservationist and travel writer Mark Shand and the corresponding BBC documentary Queen of the Elephants , based on the life of the first female mahout in recent times--
Housekeeping vs. The Dirt is a 2006 collection of essays from The Believer written by Nick Hornby .
In the Forests of the Night is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater - Rhodes , and published in 1999 .
`` The Ice - Maiden '' is an 1861 fairy tale ( short story ) by the Danish writer , Hans Christian Andersen and published by KING & BAIRD in 1863 .
Fat Kid Rules the World is a young adult novel published by American author KL Going in 2003 .
Hearts in Atlantis ( 1999 ) is a collection of two novellas and three short stories by Stephen King , all connected to one another by recurring characters and taking place in roughly chronological order .
Message to Adolf , known in Japan as Adolf ni Tsugu ( アドルフに告ぐ Adorufu ni Tsugu , literally : `` Reporting to Adolf '' ) and known in earlier English versions as Adolf , is a manga series made by Osamu Tezuka .
Whispers in the Graveyard is a children 's novel by Theresa Breslin , published by Methuen in 1994 .
Forge of Darkness is the first novel of The Kharkanas Trilogy by Canadian author Steven Erikson , set before the events of the Malazan Book of the Fallen .
The Twenty - Second Day is a 2007 novel by Muhammad Aladdin , and has been published by ِEl-'Ain Publishing House in Egypt .
Zahrah the Windseeker ( Houghton Mifflin , Sept 2005 ) , written by Nnedi Okorafor , is one of a very small handful of young adult fantasy novels that incorporate the myths and folklore and culture of West Africa .
The Life of Vertebrates is a noted biology textbook by John Zachary Young .
The Servile State is a book written by Hilaire Belloc in 1912 about economics .
Child of a Dream ( original title : Il figlio del sogno ) is the first part of Valerio Massimo Manfredi 's Alexander trilogy , released in 1998 .
`` The Ship that Found Herself '' is a short story by Rudyard Kipling , first published in The Idler in 1895 .
`` The Use of Knowledge in Society '' is a scholarly article written by economist Friedrich Hayek , first published in the September 1945 issue of The American Economic Review .
The Evolution of Human Sexuality is a 1979 book by anthropologist Donald Symons , a classic work on human sexual evolution .
The Hungry Tide ( 2004 ) is the sixth novel by Indian - born author , Amitav Ghosh .
My Cleaner is a novel by English author Maggie Gee .
Don Segundo Sombra is a 1926 novel by Argentine rancher Ricardo Güiraldes .
The Manipulated Man ( German : Der Dressierte Mann ) is a 1971 book by author Esther Vilar .
The Principles of Scientific Management is a monograph published by Frederick Winslow Taylor in 1911 .
Lalla Carlsen was awarded the King 's Medal of Merit in gold in 1949 .
Evana Manandhar ( Nepali : इभाना मानन्धर ) is a Nepali business woman , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Nepal 2015 on 18 April 2015 at an event held at Hotel Annapurna .
Erich Würdemann ( 15 January 1914 , in Hamburg -- 14 July 1943 , west of Vigo in the Bay of Biscay ) was a German U - boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Padma Bhushan Sir K.V.A.R. ( Kottaiyur Veerappa Alagappa Ramanatha ) Alagappa Chettiar , ( Tamil : வள்ள டாக்டர் திரு க.வி.அழ.அழகப்பா செட்டியார் ) ( 6 April 1909 -- 5 April 1957 ) , was an Indian businessman and philanthropist .
Leonard C. Brostrom was a soldier in the United States Army who died during the Philippines Campaign of 1944 - -45 during World War II . He received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his actions during this campaign .
Sahaj Grover ( born September 7 , 1995 ) is a Grandmaster of chess from Delhi , India .
In March 2008 , People in Need awarded Nilar Thein , along with political prisoners Su Su Nway and Phyu Phyu Thin , the Homo Homini Award .
Wilfred Norman Edwards FGS ( 1890 -- 17 December 1956 ) was a British geologist , keeper of geology at the Natural History Museum from 1938 to 1955 and was awarded the Lyell Medal in 1955 .
Vladimir Basov was named People 's Artist of the USSR in 1983 .
Marcos Moshinsky Borodiansky ( Russian : Маркос Мошинский Бородянский ; Ukrainian : Маркос Мошинскі ; 1921 - -2009 ) was a Mexican physicist of Ukrainian - Jewish origin whose work in the field of elementary particles won him the Prince of Asturias Prize for Scientific and Technical Investigation in 1988 and the UNESCO Science Prize in 1997 .
Edmund H. Marriott , a captain in the Canadian Army , was awarded the Silver Star on 22 September 1943 , by General Dwight D. Eisenhower for `` gallantry in action on 23 and 24 April 1945 near Sandhatten , Germany .
In 2015 , Nicky Jam won a Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Performance .
Carol Marin received the Peabody Award in 1997 for her body of work .
Alexander Areshchenko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Арещенко ) ( born June 15 , 1986 in Luhansk , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster and former Ukrainian Champion , a title he won in 2005 .
In September 2008 , the same organization awarded Ragıp Zarakolu the 2008 IPA Freedom to Publish Prize to `` ( send ) a message to the Turkish authorities that domestic legislation must be further amended to meet international freedom of expression standards '' .
Ardeshir Ruttonji Wadia ( 1888 - -1971 ) was an author from India who was awarded Padma Bhushan in 1961 by Government of India for his contribution to literature .
Ranjit Singh Dyal was awarded the Maha Vir Chakra for this operation .
Deen Hergott ( born Kitchener , Ontario , Canada , October , 1962 ) is a Canadian International Master of Chess .
Marya Zaturenska ( September 12 , 1902 -- January 19 , 1982 ) was an American lyric poet , winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1938 .
In July 1917 Scott was awarded the Military Cross - Capt . ( temp Maj . ) Alan John Lance Scott Yeo . , and R.F.C. For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty .
Gunther Gerzso was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973 and later in 1978 he was the recipient of the Premio Nacional de Bellas Artes .
On August 19 , 1833 , Apollon Galafeyev was awarded the Order of Saint Stanislaus ( 1st class ) and then Order of Saint Anna ( 1st class ) a year later .
Marcel Sisniega Campbell ( July 28 , 1959 -- January 19 , 2013 ) was a Mexican chess Grandmaster and film director .
In 1920 August Krogh was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of the mechanism of regulation of the capillaries in skeletal muscle .
Heinrich Kittel ( 31 October 1892 -- 5 March 1969 ) was a highly decorated Generalleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
A Prince of Lovers is a 1922 British silent biographical film directed by Charles Calvert and starring Howard Gaye , Marjorie Hume and Mary Clare .
Kissed by Winter ( Norwegian : Vinterkyss ) is a Norwegian film that first premiered February 11 , 2005 starring Norwegian actor Kristoffer Joner and Swedish actress Annika Hallin .
Miss Mend ( also known as The Adventures of the Three Reporters ) is a 1926 Soviet spy film , originally realised in three parts , directed by and starring Boris Barnet and Fyodor Otsep .
I 'm Not Mata Hari ( Spanish : Yo no soy la Mata - Hari ) is a 1949 Spanish comedy spy film directed by Benito Perojo and starring Niní Marshall , Roberto Font and Virgilio Teixeira .
I Love Maria is a 1988 Hong Kong science fiction film directed by David Chung and starring the film 's producers Tsui Hark and John Shum , alongside Sally Yeh , Tony Leung and Lam Ching - ying .
Sandhesam ( English : The Message ) is a 1991 Malayalam black comedy - political satire film written by Sreenivasan and directed by Sathyan Anthikkad , starring Sreenivasan , Jayaram , Thilakan , Siddique , Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Maathu in pivotal roles .
I Married a Woman is a 1958 American comedy film made in 1956 , starring George Gobel and Diana Dors .
El amor perjudica seriamente la salud ( English : Love Can Seriously Damage Your Health ) is a 1997 Spanish comedy film directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira and starring Penélope Cruz , Ana Belén , Javier Bardem , Juanjo Puigcorbé and Gabino Diego .
Accident on Hill Road is a 2009 Bollywood film , directed by Mahesh Nair and produced by Nari Hira , starring Farooq Sheikh , Abhimanyu Singh , Celina Jaitley .
Mondo New York examines the lives and activities of Manhattan performance artists , and features Joey Arias and Rick Aviles .
Arisan ! was also the first film in Indonesian film history to include two men kissing , by the characters Sakti and Nino ( Tora Sudiro and Surya Saputra ) .
Summer Rental is a 1985 comedy film , directed by Carl Reiner and starring John Candy .
Stranger on Horseback is a 1955 American Western film directed by Jacques Tourneur starring Joel McCrea .
Two Little Wooden Shoes is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Joan Morgan , Langhorn Burton and J. Denton - Thompson .
Dear Murderer is a 1947 British thriller , directed by Arthur Crabtree for Gainsborough Pictures , and starring Eric Portman and Greta Gynt .
Seventeen years later , Meharun Nisa ( Sara Loren ) grows up and happens to come across the BBC documentary .
Maisie Was a Lady is a 1940 comedy - drama film directed by Edwin L. Marin and is the fourth in a series of ten films starring Ann Sothern as good - hearted showgirl Maisie Ravier .
The Thrill of Brazil , also known as Dancing Down to Rio , is a 1946 American musical film directed by S. Sylvan Simon for Columbia Pictures and starring Evelyn Keyes , Keenan Wynn , and Ann Miller .
Soul Plane is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Jessy Terrero , written by Bo Zenga , and starring Kevin Hart , Method Man , Tom Arnold , D. L. Hughley , Mo'Nique , Loni Love , K.D. Aubert , Godfrey , and Snoop Dogg .
Thunder in Carolina is a 1960 stock car racing movie starring Rory Calhoun , Alan Hale , Jr. , and Connie Hines .
Malli Malli Idi Rani Roju is a 2015 Telugu romance film written and directed by Kranthi Madhav starring Sharwanand and Nithya Menen .
7aum Arivu ( pronunciation : Ēḻām aṟivu ) ( English : Seventh Sense ) is a 2011 Indian science fiction - martial arts film written and directed by AR Murugadoss , featuring Suriya and Shruti Haasan in the lead roles and Johnny Tri Nguyen as the main antagonist .
Lethal Weapon 2 is a 1989 American buddy cop action film directed by Richard Donner , and starring Mel Gibson , Danny Glover , Joe Pesci , Patsy Kensit , Derrick O'Connor and Joss Ackland .
Lucky Lady is a 1975 American film directed by Stanley Donen and starring Gene Hackman , Liza Minnelli and Burt Reynolds , with Robby Benson .
The Wild Ride is a 1960 American film directed by Harvey Berman and starring Jack Nicholson as a rebellious punk named Johnny , of the Beat generation , who spends his days as an amateur dirt track driver in between partying and troublemaking .
ABS - CBN has also enlisted the help of award - winning actor Albert Martinez for `` Sa Piling Mo '' , in his first ABS - CBN teleserye .
Love and Other Catastrophes is a quirky 1996 Australian romantic comedy film featuring Frances O'Connor , Radha Mitchell , Alice Garner , Matthew Dyktynski , Matt Day and Kym Gyngell .
Mikey and Nicky is a 1976 American film written and directed by Elaine May and starring Peter Falk and John Cassavetes .
Pastor Brown stars Salli Richardson , Nicole Ari Parker , Michael Beach , Monica , and Keith David .
The Midlanders is a 1920 American silent drama film starring Bessie Love and directed by husband and wife duo Joseph De Grasse and Ida May Park .
Faande Poriya Boga Kaande Re is a 2011 Bengali - language Indian romantic comedy film , directed by Soumik Chattopadhyay , starring Soham Chakraborty and Srabanti Chatterjee .
The 3rd Hospital ( Hangul : 제3병원 ; RR : Jesambyeongwon ) is a 2012 South Korean medical drama , starring Kim Seung - woo , Oh Ji - ho , Kim Min - jung and Choi Sooyoung of Girls ' Generation .
Inner Senses is a 2002 Hong Kong psychological horror film directed by Law Chi - leung and starring Leslie Cheung and Karena Lam .
Adiós Amigo ( 1976 ) is an American comedy - Western starring Fred Williamson and Richard Pryor .
Up Jumped a Swagman is a 1965 British musical comedy film directed by Christopher Miles and starring Frank Ifield , Annette Andre , Ronald Radd and Suzy Kendall .
The Cheese Special is a 1913 American silent short comedy film featuring Max Asher and marking the film debut of Louise Fazenda .
Across 110th Street is a 1972 American crime drama film starring Anthony Quinn , Yaphet Kotto , and Anthony Franciosa , and directed by Barry Shear .
Warrior of the Lost World ( also known as Mad Rider ) is a 1983 Italian post - apocalyptic science fiction film written and directed by David Worth , starring Robert Ginty , Persis Khambatta , and Donald Pleasence .
Stamboul Quest is a 1934 spy film set in World War I , directed by Sam Wood , starring Myrna Loy and George Brent and featuring Lionel Atwill .
The Flower of Doom is a 1917 silent drama film written and directed by Rex Ingram and starring Wedgwood Nowell , Yvette Mitchell and Nicholas Dunaew .
My Little Bride ( Hangul : 어린 신부 ; RR : Eorin sinbu ) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film about an arranged marriage between a female high school student ( Moon Geun - young ) and a male college student ( Kim Rae - won ) .
F.T.A. is a 1972 American documentary film starring Jane Fonda and Donald Sutherland and directed by Francine Parker .
Tuesday X ( voiced by Lynsey Bartilson ) - The X 's oldest daughter and missions investigator .
Carry On Jatta ( Punjabi : ਕੈਰੀ ਆਨ ਜੱਟਾ ) is a 2012 Punjabi comedy film directed by Smeep Kang , and starring Gippy Grewal opposite Mahie Gill in lead roles .
It Should n't Happen to a Dog is a 1946 American comedy crime film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and starring Carole Landis , Allyn Joslyn and Margo Woode .
Frank and Ollie is a 1995 documentary film about the life and careers of Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston , two chief animators who had worked at Walt Disney Animation Studios during its early years , up until their retirement in the late 1970s .
Pillow to Post is a 1945 romantic comedy film set in World War II . It stars Ida Lupino , Sydney Greenstreet and William Prince , and is based on the play Pillar to Post by Rose Simon Kohn .
Cruel Intentions is a 1999 American drama film starring Sarah Michelle Gellar , Ryan Phillippe , Reese Witherspoon , and Selma Blair .
La signorina ( i.e. `` The young lady '' ) is a 1942 Italian romance - drama film directed by Ladislao Kish and starring Loredana and Nino Besozzi .
The Heiress is a 1949 American drama film directed by William Wyler and starring Olivia de Havilland as Catherine Sloper , Montgomery Clift as Morris Townsend , and Ralph Richardson as Dr. Sloper .
Roswolsky 's Mistress ( German : Die Geliebte Roswolskys ) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Felix Basch and starring Asta Nielsen , Paul Wegener and Wilhelm Diegelmann .
The Moon - Spinners is a 1964 American Walt Disney Productions feature film starring Hayley Mills , Eli Wallach and Peter McEnery in a story about a jewel thief hiding on the island of Crete .
BoyTown is a 2006 Australian comedy film , directed by Kevin Carlin and starring an ensemble cast of prominent Australian comedians , including Glenn Robbins , Mick Molloy , Bob Franklin , Wayne Hope and Gary Eck .
He Who Rides a Tiger is a 1965 British crime drama directed by Charles Crichton , and starring Tom Bell and Judi Dench , based on the real - life cat - burglar Peter Scott .
Poovilangu is a 1984 Indian movie directed by Ameerjan starring Murali and Kuyili .
Misbehaving Ladies is a 1931 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Lila Lee , Ben Lyon and Louise Fazenda .
Joan of Ozark is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley and starring Judy Canova , Joe E. Brown and Eddie Foy Jr ..
Le Halua Le is a 2012 Bengali - language Indian feature comedy film directed by Raja Chanda , starring Mithun Chakraborty .
The Old Bus is a 1934 Australian documentary film about aviator Sir Charles Kingsford - Smith .
Her Honor , the Governor is a 1926 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick , directed by Chester Withey and featuring Boris Karloff .
Starring Barry Otto , Imogen Annesley and Max Fairchild , Howling III is the only PG-13 rated entry in the Howling series .
The film was directed by Alain Resnais and featured Jean - Paul Belmondo as Stavisky and Anny Duperey as his wife , Arlette .
Rocky III also marks the film debuts of Mr. T as James `` Clubber '' Lang , and of professional wrestler Hulk Hogan as the supporting character `` Thunderlips '' .
The House in the Tree is a 1913 American silent short film written by Lloyd Lonergan starring William Garwood and Billie Bennett .
The Best Thief in the World is a film starring Mary - Louise Parker .
The Lone Defender is a 1930 American Pre - Code Mascot movie serial starring Rin Tin Tin .
They Came to Rob Las Vegas is a 1968 crime film directed by Antonio Isasi - Isasmendi and starring Gary Lockwood , Elke Sommer , Lee J. Cobb , and Jack Palance .
Contest Searchlight starred Denis Leary and Lenny Clarke , playing slightly fictionalized versions of themselves , as TV producers holding a nationwide contest to select a new television series to produce for the Comedy Central network .
The Thing Below is a 2004 horror film starring Billy Warlock and directed by Jim Wynorski .
The Pervert 's Guide to Ideology is a 2012 British documentary film directed by Sophie Fiennes and written and presented by Slovene philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Žižek .
Arrive Alive is an unfinished comedy film starring Willem Dafoe and Joan Cusack , directed by Jeremiah S. Chechik and produced by Art Linson .
The Avenging Eagle is a 1978 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio , starring Ti Lung , Alexander Fu and Ku Feng .
Paithrukam is a 1993 Malayalam drama film directed by Jayaraaj , and starring Suresh Gopi , Narendra Prasad and Jayaram in lead roles .
How to Behave is a short film released through MGM Studios starring Robert Benchley .
Outback Vampires is a 1987 Australian film directed by Colin Eggleston and features Richard Morgan , Angela Kennedy , Brett Climo and Richard Carter .
Do n't Think is a 2012 live album and concert film of The Chemical Brothers when they performed at the Fuji Rock Festival the previous year .
The Story of Wish You Were Here is a direct - to - video documentary about the making of Wish You Were Here album by Pink Floyd .
Question 7 is a 1961 film directed by Stuart Rosenberg and starring Michael Gwynn , Margaret Jahnen and Christian de Bresson .
Idhaya Malar is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist .
Gilbert Dying to Die is a 1915 British silent short comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Fred Groves .
Poovarasan is a 1996 Tamil drama film , directed by Gokula Krishnan , starring Karthik and Rachana Banerjee in lead roles .
Cellmates is a 2011 American comedy film starring Tom Sizemore , and Olga Segura and was directed and written by producer , director , and writer Jesse Baget .
Guns of the Timberland is a 1960 feature film starring Alan Ladd and Jeanne Crain .
The Dragon Family ( 龍之家族 ) is a 1988 Hong Kong action film directed by Lau Kar - wing starring Andy Lau , Alan Tam and Max Mok .
Thieves ' Gold is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey .
Baava is a 2010 Telugu film , the debut film of director Ram Babu and starring Siddharth Narayan and Pranitha .
Reunion in Reno is a 1951 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Mark Stevens , Peggy Dow and Gigi Perreau .
Daffy 's Rhapsody is a 2012 theatrical 3D computer - animated short film starring Mel Blanc as Daffy Duck ( via an archive recording of a song , `` Daffy Duck 's Rhapsody '' , which was recorded in the 1950s by Capitol Records ) and Billy West as Elmer Fudd .
Shar Jackson as Monique , a female Good Burger employee who scolds Dexter for using Ed 's gullibility to steal most of his money , but eventually becomes his girlfriend .
A Birder 's Guide to Everything is an independent film starring Kodi Smit - McPhee , Alex Wolff , Michael Chen , Katie Chang , James Le Gros , Daniela Lavender and Sir Ben Kingsley .
Youth Never Returns is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Tian Meng and produced by Manfred Wong , and starring Hans Zhang and Joe Chen .
Dior and I is a 2014 documentary film written and directed by Frédéric Tcheng about designer Raf Simons 's creative work for Christian Dior S.A ..
Det stod i avisen is a 1962 Danish family film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Henning Moritzen .
Blood on the Arrow is a 1964 Western film starring Dale Robertson and Martha Hyer is about the sole survivor of an Apache ambush , who rides out to save a young boy who has been captured .
Andrew Stanton conceived WALL - E during a lunch with fellow writers John Lasseter , Pete Docter , and Joe Ranft in 1994 .
My Dream Is Yours is a 1949 musical romantic comedy film starring Jack Carson , Doris Day , and Lee Bowman .
The Avenging Quartet ( 霸海紅英 ) is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts action crime film directed by Stanley Siu Wing , starring Cynthia Khan and Moon Lee .
Military Raaj is a 1998 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Sanjay Sharma , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Pratibha Sinha , Pooja Bedi , Aditya Pancholi , Prem Chopra , Irfan Kamal and Deepak Shirke
The Christmas That Almost Was n't is a 1966 American - Italian film that stars Rossano Brazzi and Paul Tripp , and was originally released by Childhood Productions Inc. On television , the movie had traditional December airings on Home Box Office ( HBO ) during the 1970s and early 1980s .
Parayan Marannathu is a 2009 Malayalam film by debutante Arun S. Bhaskar starring Biju Menon and Lakshmi Sharma .
Smita Deshmukh as Rajmata Jijausaheb Shahajiraje Bhosale Milind Gunaji as Rajpita Shahajiraje Bhosale Amol Kolhe as Chhatrapati Shivaji .
Martín ( hache ) is a 1997 Spanish and Argentine film directed by Adolfo Aristarain and starring Federico Luppi , Juan Diego Botto , Cecilia Roth and Eusebio Poncela .
Aarilirunthu Arubathu Varai ( translation : From six to sixty ) is a 1979 Tamil film directed by SP . Muthuraman , starring Rajinikanth .
Kill the Wicked ! ( Italian : Dio non paga il sabato , also known as God Does Not Pay on Saturday and Kill the Wickeds ) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Tanio Boccia and starring Larry Ward and Rod Dana .
Dos corazones y un cielo ( English : Two Hearts and One Heaven ) is a 1959 Mexican musical - comedy film directed by Rafael Baledón and starring Demetrio González , Eulalio González , and Rosa de Castilla .
Notes on the Port of St. Francis is a 1951 short impressionistic documentary film on San Francisco , directed by Frank Stauffacher , and with narration written by Robert Louis Stevenson ( 1882 ) and read by Vincent Price .
Thadaakam is a 1982 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by I. V. Sasi , starring Mammootty and Ratheesh in lead roles .
The Clash of the Wolves is a 1925 American silent Western / adventure film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. Directed by Noel M. Smith , the film stars canine actor Rin Tin Tin , Charles Farrell and June Marlowe .
I Love Lucy is an American television sitcom starring Lucille Ball , Desi Arnaz , Vivian Vance , and William Frawley .
Racing Stripes stars Hayden Panettiere , Bruce Greenwood , Wendie Malick and M. Emmet Walsh , with the vocal talents of Frankie Muniz , Dustin Hoffman , Whoopi Goldberg , Mandy Moore , Steve Harvey , David Spade , Jeff Foxworthy , Joe Pantoliano , Fred Dalton Thompson , Joshua Jackson , Michael Rosenbaum , and Snoop Dogg .
Calmi Cuori Appassionati ( 冷静と情熱のあいだ aka Reisei to Jōnetsu no Aida ; lit . `` Between Calmness and Passion '' ) is a 2001 Japanese movie directed by Isamu Nakae , starring Yutaka Takenouchi and Kelly Chen .
I Loved an Armchair ( Greek : Αγάπησα μια πολυθρόνα , translit . Agapisa Mia Polythrona ) is a 1971 Greek film directed by Dinos Dimopoulos and produced by Karagiannis - Karatzopoulos S.A. starring Kostas Voutsas , Eleni Erimou and Giorgos Papazisis .
Sadhu Aur Shaitaan ( Hindi : साधु और शैतान ) is a 1968 Hindi film directed by A. Bhimsingh and starring Mehmood , Om Prakash , and Pran in lead roles . The movie is a remake of 1966 Tamil suspense - comedy Saadhu Mirandal which was also later remade in Kannada in 1980 as Driver Hanumanthu .
Big Business Girl is a 1931 Pre - Code First National sound film comedy directed by William A. Seiter and starring Loretta Young , then eighteen years old .
Heaven or Vegas was a 1999 movie which was a romantic drama that starred Yasmine Bleeth and Richard Grieco .
Fort Ti is a 1953 American 3-D Western film directed by William Castle , and starring George Montgomery and Joan Vohs .
Riding the Wind is a 1942 Western film starring Tim Holt .
Forbidden Adventure , also known as Newly Rich , is a 1931 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Mitzi Green , Edna May Oliver , Louise Fazenda and Jackie Searl .
Westward Passage is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Robert Milton and starring Ann Harding , Laurence Olivier , ZaSu Pitts and Irving Pichel .
Three Weeks in Paris is a 1925 silent movie from Warner Bros. starring Matt Moore and Dorothy Devore .
Venus Rising is a 1995 action film starring Billy Wirth , Audie England , Costas Mandylor and Morgan Fairchild .
The Taming of Sunnybrook Nell is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres , written by Harry Wulze and starring William Garwood , Louise Lester and Vivian Rich .
Once Before I Die is a 1966 war drama starring Ursula Andress and her husband John Derek , who also directed .
Ceiling Zero is a 1936 adventure / drama film directed by Howard Hawks and starring James Cagney and Pat O'Brien .
Love Fiction ( Hangul : 러브 픽션 ; RR : Leobeu Piksieon ) is a 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed by Jeon Kye - soo , and starring Ha Jung - woo and Gong Hyo - jin .
The Yellow Cab Man is a 1950 comedy film directed by Jack Donohue starring Red Skelton , Gloria DeHaven and Edward Arnold .
Valentin Valentin is a 2015 French crime mystery film directed by Pascal Thomas and starring Marilou Berry , Vincent Rottiers and Marie Gillain .
White Face ( aka Edgar Wallace 's White Face the Fiend ) is a 1932 British crime film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Hugh Williams , Gordon Harker and Renee Gadd .
Through the Sluice Gates is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by John G. Adolfi starring William Garwood and Belle Bennett .
Mary Latimer , Nun is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Bert Haldane and starring Malvina Longfellow , Warwick Ward and Ethel Fisher .
The Shocking Miss Pilgrim is a 1947 American musical comedy film in Technicolor written and directed by George Seaton , starring Betty Grable and Dick Haymes .
Bonds of Love was a 1919 American silent romantic drama film directed by Reginald Barker and starring Pauline Frederick .
The Rotters is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Joe Nightingale , Sydney Fairbrother and Sidney Paxton .
The Bengali Night ( French : La nuit Bengali ) is a 1988 semi - autobiographical film based upon the Mircea Eliade 1933 Romanian novel , Bengal Nights , directed by Nicolas Klotz and starring Hugh Grant , Soumitra Chatterjee , Supriya Pathak and Shabana Azmi .
Kala Dhanda Goray Log ( Translation : Fair People Black Deeds ) is a 1986 action thriller Hindi film directed by Sanjay Khan , starring Sunil Dutt , Sanjay Khan , Anita Raj , Akbar Khan and Amrita Singh .
Hendes store aften is a 1954 Danish romance film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Helle Virkner .
Mezzanotte d'amore ( Italian for Midnight of love ) is a 1970 Italian musicarello film directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti and starring Al Bano and Romina Power .
Up the Sandbox is a 1972 American drama / comedy film directed by Irvin Kershner , starring Barbra Streisand .
Furimukeba Ai ( ふりむけば愛 ) , also titled `` Take Me Away ! '' is a 1979 Japanese film starring Momoe Yamaguchi and Tomokazu Miura and directed by Nobuhiko Obayashi .
Phaenarete ( Greek Φαιναρέτη ) , wife of Sophroniscus , was the mother of the Greek philosopher Socrates and his half - brother , Patrocles .
Jacques d'Arc ( 1380 - -1440 ) was a farmer in the village of Domrémy in Lorraine , and the father of the French heroine and Roman Catholic saint Joan of Arc .
Wu Sangui 's son , Wu Yingxiong ( Wu Shifan 's father ) , married Princess Jianning , the 14th daughter of the Kangxi Emperor 's grandfather Hong Taiji .
Margery Wentworth , also known as Margaret Wentworth ( c. 1478 -- 18 October 1550 ) was the wife of Sir John Seymour and the mother of Queen Jane Seymour , the third wife of Henry VIII of England .
William Stevenson Smith and George Andrew Reisner propose to identify queen Hetepheres I ( concubine of Sneferu and mother of king Khufu ; 4th dynasty ) as the daughter of King Huni .
Unfortunately for Rib - Hadda , Abdi - Ashirta was succeeded by his equally capable son Aziru , who would later capture , exile and likely kill Rib - Hadda .
Klara Hitler ( née Pölzl ; 12 August 1860 -- 21 December 1907 ) was the mother of German politician and leader of the Nazi Party Adolf Hitler .
The Packer - Murdoch War , Frank Packer was played by Australian actor Lachy Hulme , who had previously portrayed Kerry Packer in Howzat !
William Randolph had married her before her brother 's death , because the brother 's will refers to her as `` Mary Randolph '' .
Thomas Sherwin ( July 11 , 1839 -- December 19 , 1914 ) was an American Civil War general and executive .
Sylvester Bonnaffon , Jr. ( September 14 , 1844 -- May 12 , 1922 ) was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his US Army service in the American Civil War .
James Rogers McConnell ( 14 March 1887 -- 19 March 1917 ) flew as an aviator during World War I in the Lafayette Escadrille and authored Flying for France .
The 10th Indian Infantry Division was formed in World War II in Iraq in early 1941 under Major - General W.A.K. Fraser .
Earle Davis Gregory ( October 18 , 1897 - -January 6 , 1972 ) was a World War I Medal of Honor recipient for his heroic actions in 1918 during the Meuse - Argonne Offensive in France .
Edward Clyde Benfold ( January 15 , 1931 -- September 5 , 1952 ) was a United States Navy hospital corpsman third class who was killed in action while attached to a Marine Corps rifle company during the Korean War .
Alaric B. Chapin ( June 18 , 1848 -- November 27 , 1924 ) was a Union Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for gallantry in the American Civil War .
James Buck ( 1808 -- November 1 , 1865 ) was an American Civil War Medal of Honor recipient and a sailor in the United States Navy .
Olivier Voutier ( born May 30 , 1796 in Thouars , France - died April 18 , 1877 at Hyères , France ) was a French naval officer who discovered the statue of the Venus de Milo in 1820 , and fought in the Greek War of Independence .
Oberleutnant Armin Faber was a Luftwaffe pilot in World War II who mistook the Bristol Channel for the English Channel and landed his Focke - Wulf 190 ( Fw-190 ) intact at RAF Pembrey in south Wales .
Simeon Thayer ( April 30 , 1737 -- October 14 , 1800 ) fought in Rogers ' Rangers during the French and Indian War and made a harrowing escape from French - allied Indians .
Lieutenant ( later Colonel ) Robert Opie Lindsay ( 25 December 1894 - 1 August 1952 ) was a World War I fighter ace credited with six aerial victories in the closing days of the war .
Dong Cunrui ( Chinese : 董存瑞 ; pinyin : Dǒng Cúnruì ; 1929 - May 25 , 1948 ) was a Chinese Communist soldier in the People 's Liberation Army during the Chinese Civil War who blew himself up in order to destroy a Kuomintang bunker guarding an approach to an important bridge in Longhua County .
When the Winter War broke out the Finnish Navy moved to occupy the de - militarized Åland Islands and to protect merchant shipping .
Henry Gilbert Costin ( June 15 , 1898 - -October 8 , 1918 ) was a private in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in World War I near Bois -- de--
Benjamin Randell Harris was a British infantryman who served in the British army during the Napoleonic Wars .
Lieutenant Colonel Roy Morell DSO , OBE ( 24 May 1889 -- 28 June 1961 ) was an Australian wool broker , grazier and stockbroker who volunteered for war service during World War I and World War II .
HD 11506 c is an extrasolar planet located approximately 169 light years away in the constellation of Cetus , orbiting the 8th magnitude G - type main sequence star HD 11506 .
NGC 2261 ( also known as Hubble 's Variable Nebula or Caldwell 46 ) is a variable nebula located in the constellation Monoceros .
Messier 4 or M4 ( also designated NGC 6121 ) is a globular cluster in the constellation of Scorpius .
OGLE - TR-113 is a dim , distant magnitude 16 binary star in the star fields of the constellation Carina .
Beta Comae Berenices ( β Comae Berenices , β Com ) is a main sequence dwarf star in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices .
HD 146624 ( d Scorpii , d Sco ) is a star in the constellation Scorpius .
HD 63454 is a ninth magnitude K - type main sequence star located approximately 117 light - years away in the constellation of Chamaeleon .
Delta Velorum ( δ Vel , δ Velorum ) is a star system in the southern constellation Vela , near the border with Carina .
HD 173416 is an intermediate - mass giant star in the constellation Lyra .
In the night sky , the Gliese 570 system lies in the southwestern part of Libra .
HD 125351 or A Boötis ( A Boo ) is spectroscopic binary in the constellation Boötes .
NGC 246 , known as the Skull Nebula , is a planetary nebula in the constellation Cetus .
18 Aquarii ( abbreviated 18 Aqr ) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
HD 7924 is a 7th magnitude K - type main sequence star located approximately 55 light years away in the constellation Cassiopeia .
75 Aquarii ( abbreviated 75 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation Aquarius .
16 Arietis ( abbreviated 16 Ari ) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries .
HD 175167 b is an extra - solar planet orbiting HD 175167 , which is a G type star within the Pavo constellation around 219 light years away from the Earth .
61 Virginis ( abbreviated 61 Vir ) is the Flamsteed designation of a G - type main - sequence star ( G7V ) slightly less massive than the Sun ( which is G2V ) , located about 27.9 light - years away in the constellation of Virgo .
G 99 - 47 ( V1201 Orionis ) is a nearby degenerate star ( white dwarf ) of spectral class DAP8 ( DAP8.9 , or DAP8.7 ) , the single known component of the system , located in the constellation Orion .
HAT - P-6 is a star in the constellation Andromeda , located approximately 650 light years or 200 parsecs away from the Earth .
NGC 6578 is a planetary nebula located in Sagittarius .
HD 106252 is a yellow dwarf star in the constellation Virgo located at a distance of 122 ly or 37 pc away from Earth .
NGC 5548 is approximately 245 million light years away and appears in the constellation Boötes .
HR 4796 is a binary star system in the southern constellation of Centaurus .
32 Aquarii ( abbreviated 32 Aqr ) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation of Aquarius .
NGC 4319 is a face - on barred spiral galaxy located about 77 million light years away in the constellation Draco .
13 Scorpii is a blue - white main sequence star in the constellation of Scorpius .
Gliese 179 is a 12th magnitude M - type main sequence star located approximately 40 light years away in the constellation Orion .
A Centauri ( A Cen ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
HD 28185 is a yellow dwarf star similar to our Sun located about 138 light - years away from Earth in the constellation Eridanus .
Xi Geminorum ( ξ Gem ) is a star in the zodiac constellation Gemini with the traditional name Alzirr .
Ursa Major B or 3C 244.1 is a radio galaxy located in the constellation Ursa Major .
Epsilon Ceti ( ε Ceti ) is a star located in the constellation Cetus .
HD 12661 is a G - type main sequence star in the northern constellation of Aries .
Sigma Lupi ( σ Lup ) is a star in the constellation Lupus .
Gamma Leporis lies in the south central part of the constellation Lepus , southeast of Beta Leporis and southwest of Delta Leporis .
3C 66A is a blazar located in the constellation Andromeda .
Open Cluster M36 ( also known as Messier Object 36 , Messier 36 , M36 , or NGC 1960 ) is an open cluster in the Auriga constellation .
Hercules Dome ( 86 ° S 105 ° W ) is a large ice dome between the Thiel Mountains and the Horlick Mountains in Antarctica .
Mount Tchaikovsky ( 71 ° 23′S 73 ° 15′W ) is a snow - covered mountain , rising to about 600 m , with scarps on the south and east sides , located in the north part of Derocher Peninsula , situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Lawrence Nunatak ( 84 ° 50′S 67 ° 2′W ) is a nunatak , 1,540 metres ( 5,050 ft ) high , standing 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of Snake Ridge along the ice escarpment that trends southwest from the ridge , in the Patuxent Range of the Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
Freshfield Nunatak ( 80 ° 28′S 24 ° 53′W ) is an isolated nunatak rising to about 1,450 metres ( 4,760 ft ) to the southeast of the Herbert Mountains in the Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Cape Lindsey is a cape which forms the western extremity of Elephant Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Stubel Hill ( Bulgarian : Стубелски хълм , `` Stubelski Halm '' \'stu - bel - ski ' h&lm\ ) is the ice - covered hill rising to 485 m and forming the north extremity of Marescot Ridge on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Gaul Cove ( 67 ° 49′S 67 ° 11′W ) is a cove indenting the northeast side of Horseshoe Island , off the coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Edward Ridge ( 67 ° 15′S 55 ° 34′E ) is a gently rising , snow - covered ridge standing 13 nautical miles ( 24 km ) northwest of Rayner Peak in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Polar Subglacial Basin ( 85 ° 0′S 110 ° 0′E ) is a subglacial basin situated generally between Gamburtsev Subglacial Mountains and the Dominion Range in East Antarctica .
The Kjølrabbane Hills ( 72 ° 16′S 3 ° 22′W ) are a small group of hills between Lyftingen Peak and the Styrbordsknattane Peaks , near the southwest end of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Gerry Glacier ( 77 ° 24′S 152 ° 5′W ) is a glacier on Edward VII Peninsula , Antarctica , flowing north between Reeves Peninsula and the Howard Heights to the head of Sulzberger Bay .
Dick Glacier ( 84 ° 53′S 175 ° 50′W ) is a tributary glacier , 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long , flowing west from Mount Campbell to enter Shackleton Glacier just north of Taylor Nunatak , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Winter Quarters Bay is a small cove of McMurdo Sound , Antarctica , located 2,200 miles ( 3,500 km ) due south of New Zealand at 77 ° 50'S.
Frustration Ridge is a ridge forming the northern end of the Cobham Range in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
Bangladesh ( /bɑːŋlɑːdɛʃ/ ; i/ˌbæŋɡləˈdæʃ/ ; বাংলাদেশ , pronounced : ( ˈbaŋlad̪eʃ ) , lit . `` The land of Bengal '' ) , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh ( গণপ্রজাতন্ত্রী বাংলাদেশ Gônôprôjatôntri Bangladesh ) , is a country in South Asia .
Siniger Nunatak ( Bulgarian : нунатак Синигер , `` Nunatak Siniger '' \'nu - na - tak si-'ni - ger\ ) is the rocky hill rising to over 500 m in the upper course of Russell East Glacier on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
The Canine Hills ( 71 ° 37′S 163 ° 50′E ) are a line of mostly snow - covered hills and ridges trending northwest -- southeast for 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) and forming the eastern half of Molar Massif in the Bowers Mountains , a major mountain range situated in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Albanus Glacier ( 85 ° 52′S 151 ° 0′W ) , also known as Phillips Glacier , is a 25-mile ( 40 km ) long glacier flowing west along the south side of Tapley Mountains to enter Scott Glacier just north of Mount Zanuck , in the Queen Maud Mountains in Antarctica .
Fishtail Point ( 78 ° 57′S 162 ° 36′E ) is the southernmost point of Shults Peninsula , at the east side of the mouth of Skelton Glacier in Antarctica .
Aster Glacier ( 78 ° 35′S 85 ° 0′W ) is an Antarctic glacier descending the east slope of Craddock Massif and flowing between Elfring Peak and Willis Ridge into Thomas Glacier in the Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Mount Faith ( 69 ° 37′S 64 ° 29′W ) is a massive mountain 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) north of Mount Hope , rising to 2,650 metres ( 8,700 ft ) from the northern end of the Eternity Range in northern Palmer Land , Antarctica .
The Grunehogna Peaks ( 72 ° 3′S 2 ° 47′W ) are a group of peaks 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of the Liljequist Heights , in the south part of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Chavdar Peninsula ( Poluostrov Chavdar \po - lu-'os - trov chav-'dar\ ) is a 10-km wide peninsula projecting 13 km in northwest direction from Graham Land on the Antarctic Peninsula in Antarctica .
The Lachal Bluffs ( 67 ° 30′S 61 ° 9′E ) are a group of rocky headlands located just south of Ufs Island and east of Howard Bay , and about 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) west of Allison Bay , on the Mawson Coast of Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica .
Steventon Island ( 77 ° 15′S 148 ° 15′W ) is a broad ice - covered island about 39 km ( 24 mi ) long off of Antarctica , lying west of Court Ridge in the Sulzberger Ice Shelf .
Mount Freya is a prominent peak east of Mount Thor in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kaminuma Bluff ( 77 ° 36′S 168 ° 57′E ) is a bold ice - covered bluff that rises to over 200 metres ( 660 ft ) near the shore in southeastern Ross Island , off the coast of Antarctica .
Mount Langway ( 75 ° 29′S 139 ° 47′W ) is a coastal mountain , 760 metres ( 2,500 ft ) high , located 2.5 nautical miles ( 5 km ) southwest of Mount LeMasurier in the Ickes Mountains of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Kreitzer Glacier ( 70 ° 22′S 72 ° 36′E ) is a glacier flowing northwest between Jennings Promontory and the Reinbolt Hills into the eastern part of the Amery Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Berry Bastion ( 80 ° 13′S 157 ° 11′E ) is a large , mostly ice - covered mountain in Antarctica with abrupt north facing rock cliffs .
Jackson Tooth ( 80 ° 25′S 23 ° 16′W ) is a nunatak rising to 1,215 metres ( 3,990 ft ) at the western end of Pioneers Escarpment , in the Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Ivanoff Head ( 66 ° 53′S 109 ° 7′E ) is a small rocky headland , or probable island , which lies along the coast and is partly overlain by continental ice , situated 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of the Hatch Islands at the head of Vincennes Bay , Antarctica .
Landmark Peak ( 79 ° 10′S 85 ° 40′W ) is a very prominent peak , 1,840 metres ( 6,040 ft ) high , standing 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) south of Minnesota Glacier on the east side of Gowan Glacier , in the Heritage Range , Antarctica .
The 2012 Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation summit was held on Russky Island and about $ US6 billion was set aside for the development of the island and Vladivostok in preparation for the summit .
Table Mountain ( Khoikhoi : Hoerikwaggo , Afrikaans : Tafelberg ) is a flat - topped mountain forming a prominent landmark overlooking the city of Cape Town in South Africa , and is featured in the Flag of Cape Town and other local government insignia .
The Apocalypse Peaks ( 77 ° 23′S 160 ° 51′E ) are a group of peaks with a highest point of 2,360 metres ( 7,740 ft ) , standing east of Willett Range and between Barwick Valley and Balham Valley , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Moore Mountains ( 83 ° 21′S 160 ° 45′E ) are a small but conspicuous group of mountains just north of New Year Pass in the Queen Elizabeth Range in Antarctica .
Kizer Island is an ice - covered island about 30 kilometres ( 15 nmi ) long , lying 20 kilometres ( 10 nmi ) southwest of Cronenwett Island at the west end of the Sulzberger Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Mount McCauley ( 73 ° 12′S 63 ° 15′E ) is a prominent mountain between Mount Scherger and Mount Dummett on the north side of Fisher Glacier , in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Somovit Point ( Bulgarian : нос Сомовит , `` Nos Somovit '' \'nos ' so - mo - vit\ ) is a point on the east coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica projecting 500 m into Bransfield Strait between Kruni Cove and Tsepina Cove .
Mount Guéguen ( 65 ° 4′S 64 ° 0′W ) is a sharp rocky peak , 365 metres ( 1,200 ft ) high , standing 0.25 nautical miles ( 0.5 km ) northwest of Louise Peak in the northern part of Booth Island , in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Tuorda Peak ( 65 ° 59′S 65 ° 10′W ) is a peak , 870 m , rising eastward of Ferin Head on Velingrad Peninsula , the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Manahan Peak ( 77 ° 29′S 168 ° 26′E ) is a prominent peak 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) east of Giggenbach Ridge in northeastern Ross Island , Antarctica .
Hannah Point is a point on the south coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Wednesday Island is an island 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) long , at the east end of Wauwermans Islands in the north part of Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Šentvid pri Planini ( pronounced ( sɛnˈtviːt pɾi plaˈniːni ) or ( sənˈtviːt pɾi plaˈniːni ) ) is a village east of Planina pri Sevnici in the Municipality of Šentjur in eastern Slovenia .
Trams in Szczecin is a 12-line , standard gauge tramway system in Szczecin , Poland that has been in operation since 1879 ( when the town was Stettin , Prussia ) .
Trønderbladet is a local online and print newspaper published in Melhus , Norway .
Wrocław ( /ˈvrɒtswəf/ ; Polish pronunciation : ( ˈvrɔt͡swaf ) , German : Breslau , ( bʁɛs̬laʊ ) ; Latin : Vratislavia ) is the largest city in western Poland .
Teglholmen ( English : The Tiles Islet ) is a peninsula in the South Harbour of Copenhagen , Denmark , located between Sluseholmen and Enghave Brygge .
Sarnik ( ˈsarnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Hoseynabad - e Muqufeh ( Persian : حسين ابادموقوفه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Mūqūfeh ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District , in the Central District of Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Land der Berge , Land am Strome ( German pronunciation : ( ˈlant dɐ ˈbɛɐ̯ˌgə ˈlant am ʃtrɔmə ) ; Land of mountains , land by the river ( Danube ) ) is the national anthem of Austria .
Acerra ( aˈtʃɛrra ) is a town and comune of Campania , southern Italy , in the Metropolitan City of Naples , about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) northeast of the capital in Naples .
The Baix Vinalopó ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈbajʒ vinaloˈpo ) , locally : ( ˈbaʒ vinaloˈpo ) ; Spanish : Bajo Vinalopó ) is a comarca in the province of Alicante ( Valencian Community , Spain ) .
The Castle of Siba ( Persian : قلعه سیبه ‎‎ ) , Siba castle is one of the most remarkable examples of fortified structures surrounded by trench in Kukherd District , Hormozgan Province in south Iran .
Jalain Tappeh ( Persian : جلائين تپه‎ , also Romanized as Jalā'īn Tappeh ) is a village in Fajr Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Selmana is a small town and commune in Djelfa Province , Algeria , located in the south - eastern outskirts of Messaâd .
The Schreierstoren ( English incorrectly translated as : Weeper 's Tower ) , originally part of the medieval city wall of Amsterdam , the Netherlands , was built in the 15th century .
Cheshmeh Pahn - e Alishah ( Persian : چشمه پهن علیشاه‎‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Pahn - e ʿAlīshāh ) is a village in Cheleh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
La Romana International Airport ( IATA : LRM , ICAO : MDLR ) is an international airport located on the southeastern coast of the Dominican Republic , adjacent to the tourist town of La Romana and the resort of Casa de Campo .
Le Lignon is an urban development in the town of Vernier , canton of Geneva , Switzerland .
Pomas is a commune in the Aude department in Languedoc - Roussillon southern France .
Playter Estates is an area in the east end of Toronto , Canada bounded by Jackman Avenue to the east , the Don River Valley to the west , Danforth Avenue in the south , and Fulton Avenue in the north .
Mekényes is a village in Baranya county , Hungary in a small region of Sásd .
Nívar is a municipality located in the province of Granada , Spain , situated in the autonomous community of Andalusia .
Zeh - e Ruzehi ( Persian : زهروزهي‎ , also Romanized as Zeh - e Rūzeh’ī and Zehrūzehī ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Rayen Castle ( Persian : ارگ راين‎‎ Arg - e Rāyen ) is an adobe castle in 100 Kilometers south of Kerman province , Iran .
The Mingan Archipelago National Park Reserve is a national park reserve located in the eastern area of Quebec , Canada , on the north shore of Gulf of St. Lawrence .
The Canadian Fraternal Association is a trade association based in Waterloo , Ontario , for fraternal benefit societies in Canada which engages in advocacy on their behalf as well as providing services .
Sidi Hajjaj Oued Hassar is a small town and rural commune in Médiouna Province of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco .
Kantubek ( Russian : Кантубек ) was a town on Vozrozhdeniya Island ( Uzbekistan ) in the Aral Sea .
Manic-5 Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CMN5 ) , is a registered aerodrome located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) west northwest of the Daniel - Johnson Dam ( Manic-5 ) , Quebec , Canada .
The Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics ( MPA ) is a research institute located in Garching , just north of Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Ramat Hovav ( Hebrew : רָמַת חוֹבָב ) , new official name Ne'ot Hovav ( Hebrew : נְאוֹת חוֹבָב ) , is an industrial zone in southern Israel and the site of Israel 's main hazardous waste disposal facility .
Guijuelo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( giˈxwelo ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca , Castile and León , Spain .
Pelorus Bridge is a tiny locality in Marlborough , New Zealand where the Rai River meets Pelorus River .
Mount Tantalus is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located 24 km ( 15 mi ) southeast of Falk Lake and 134 km ( 83 mi ) south of Monmouth Mountain .
Jikawo River is a river of southwestern Ethiopia .
Consdorf ( Luxembourgish : Konsdref ) is a commune and town in eastern Luxembourg .
Górka Prudnicka ( ˈɡurka prudˈɲit͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Khemara Keila FC ( Khmer : ខេមរាកីឡា , also romanized as Khemara Keyla ) is a Cambodian football club based in Phnom Penh , Cambodia .
CastaDiva is a 5 star luxury resort located in Blevio in the province of Como , Italy .
Amager Hospital is located in Denmark on the island of Amager in Copenhagen .
Smirnykh ( Russian : Смирных ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Smirnykhovsky District of Sakhalin Oblast , Russia , located in the central part of the Sakhalin Island .
The rule by the Sforzas went on until 1707 , when the territory of Castell'Arquato became part of the Duchy of Parma and Piacenza under the Farnese and later the House of Bourbon , until its annexion to Italy in 1860 .
The Palazzo della Pilotta is a complex of edifices located between Piazzale della Pace and the Lungoparma in the historical centre of Parma , region of Emilia Romagna , Italy .
Horshim ( Hebrew : חוֹרְשִׁים , lit . Ploughmen ) is a kibbutz in central Israel .
The Tre Cime di Lavaredo ( Italian for `` three peaks of Lavaredo '' ) , also called the Drei Zinnen ( German , literally `` three merlons '' ) , are three distinctive battlement - like peaks , in the Sexten Dolomites of northeastern Italy .
Akiéni is a small town in Lekoni - Lekori Department in Haut - Ogooue in north - eastern Gabon .
The Tramweg Onderneming Gouda - Bodegraven was a 750 mm ( 2 ft 5 1⁄2 in ) gauge steam tram that operated over an 8.8 kilometres ( 5.5 mi ) line between Gouda and Bodegraven in the Netherlands .
Villa Geber , is a property at Laboratoriegatan and Nobelgatan within Diplomatstaden in Stockholm , Sweden .
Dietikon is the fifth biggest city of the canton of Zürich in Switzerland , after Zürich , Winterthur , Uster and Dübendorf .
Welbsleben is a village and former municipality in the Mansfeld - Südharz district , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Kajang Prison or Kajang State Prison is the prison complex in Selangor , Malaysia .
Tampere Saints is an American football club in the city of Tampere , Finland .
Langpih , also spelt Langpi , Lampi , or Lumpi , is a village in northeast India .
A shorthorn bull named Alban , raised by Mr G. H. M. Binning - Home of Argaty and calved in 1868 , appears in Coate 's Herd Book , Volume 19 , the publication of the Shorthorn Society of the United Kingdom .
Lower Svir Hydroelectric Station ( Russian : Нижнесвирская ГЭС ) is a hydroelectric station on the Svir River located in the urban - type settlement of Svirstroy , Leningrad Oblast , in northwestern Russia .
The Independent Republican and Liberal Pole ( French : Pôle républicain indépendant et libéral , PRIL ) was a liberal - centrist political party in France .
Bidher ( Urdu : بھدر‎ ) is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang Tehsil .
Chay Qeshlaqi ( Persian : چاي قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Chāy Qeshlāqī ; also known as Chāy Qeshlāq ) is a village in Oryad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Mittakandala is a village in Pamulapadu mandal , Kurnool district , Andhra Pradesh state in India .
The Parrotspitze ( in Italian , the Punta Parrot ) ( 4,432 m ) is a peak in the Pennine Alps of Italy and Switzerland .
The Oceanographic Museum ( Musée océanographique ) is a museum of marine sciences in Monaco - Ville , Monaco .
Matosavank ( Armenian : Մաթոսավանք ) is small church hidden in a forested area of Dilijan National Park 3 km northwest from the town of Dilijan in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
National Front of Workers and Peasants ( Spanish : Frente Nacional de Trabajadores y Campesinos ) is a political party in Peru founded in 1962 in Puno by the brothers Néstor , Róger and Luis Cáceres Velásquez .
Kosihy nad Ipľom ( Hungarian : Ipolykeszi ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Ravnik pri Hotedršici ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːu̯nik pɾi xɔˈteːdəɾʃitsi ) ) is a small village southeast of Hotedršica in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Shahid Dr. Azodi Stadium ( شهید عضدی رشت ) is a multipurpose stadium in Rasht , Iran .
The Island School is located 1-mile ( 1.6 km ) from Powell Point near the southwestern - most tip of Eleuthera , The Bahamas .
The Battle of Tampere of the Finnish Civil War was fought in Finland in 1918 between Red and White forces .
Kukuan Dam ( Chinese : 谷關水庫 ; pinyin : Gǔguān Shuǐkù ) is a concrete thin arch dam on the Dajia River in Heping District , Taichung , Taiwan .
Høydalsmo is a village in Tokke municipality in Telemark county , Norway .
Sohag ( Arabic : سوهاج‎ , Saidi pronunciation : ( suːˈhaːdʒ ) Sūhāǧ , Egyptian Arabic pronunciation : ( soˈhæːɡ ) Sohāg ) , also known as Sawhāj , Suhag and Suhaj , is a city in Egypt that lies on the west bank of the Nile .
Taxco is located in the north - central part of the state , 36 kilometres ( 22 miles ) from the city of Iguala , 135 km ( 84 mi ) from the state capital of Chilpancingo and 170 km ( 106 mi ) southwest of Mexico City .
The Utsubo Tennis Center is a tennis complex situated in the Utsubo Park , Nishi - ku , Osaka , Japan .
Bhilangna River is a Himalayan river in Uttarakhand , India , which is the major tributary of the Bhagirathi river , the source stream of the Ganges River of India .
Anzov ( also , Anzo ) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Waganowice ( vaɡanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Sławno - Kolonia ( ˈswavnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Nampula Airport is an airport in Nampula , Mozambique ( IATA : APL , ICAO : FQNP ) .
Garden Tower is a high - rise building in the Innenstadt district of Frankfurt , Germany .
Petroupoli ( Greek : Πετρούπολη ) is a suburb in the northwestern part of Athens Metropolitan Area , in Greece .
Skjern River ( Danish : Skjern Å ) is the largest river in Denmark , in terms of volume .
Barzaq ( Persian : برزق‎ ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Khar Farih - e Sofla ( Persian : خرفريح سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khar Farīḩ - e Soflá ; also known as Ḩar Farīḩ - e Soflá ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Okstindbreen is the eighth largest glacier in mainland Norway .
Tul Aram ( Persian : طول ارام‎ , also Romanized as Ţūl Ārām ; also known as Lūleh Rām ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Machevna Bay ( Russian : бухта Мачевна ) is a bay in Koryak Okrug of Kamchatka Krai , Russia , located approximately 350 kilometers ( 220 mi ) ( by air ) north of Tilichiki .
Clifford Bay is a bay in the northeast of the South Island of New Zealand , in the Marlborough Region .
Givat Yeshayahu ( Hebrew : גִּבְעַת יְשַׁעְיָהוּ , lit . Yeshayahu Hill ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Tondidarou is a small town and megalithic archaeological site in the Niafunké Cercle , Timbuktu Region , Mali , northwest of Niafunké , about 150 kilometres south - west of Timbuktu .
Mount Malindang is a complex volcano located in the province of Misamis Occidental in the southern island of Mindanao , Philippines .
The Touloubre is a river in the southeast of France .
The Grindau is an 11 kilometre long right - hand tributary of the River Leine in Lower Saxony ( Germany ) .
Fridafors is a locality situated in Tingsryd Municipality , Kronoberg County , Sweden with 221 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Alaungdaw Kathapa National Park , with an area of 1,605 square kilometers , is the largest national park in Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Nowojowiec ( nɔvɔˈjɔvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Nowojowietz , 1934 - 45:Neuenwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Asolo is a town and comune in the Veneto Region of Northern Italy .
Magas ( Russian : Мага́с ) is the capital town of the Republic of Ingushetia , Russia .
Amagoro is a town in Busia County , in the former Western Province of Kenya .
Skrikjofossen is a waterfall in the municipality of Ullensvang in Hordaland county , Norway .
Noorderplantsoen is an urban public park in the city of Groningen in the Netherlands , situated slightly north of the city center .
La Tuque railway station is a staffed Via Rail station located on Rue St - Louis in La Tuque , Quebec , Canada .
The Félou Hydroelectric Plant , is a hydroelectric installation at the Félou Falls on the Sénégal River in Mali .
The Kellett Strait ( 75 ° 45′N 117 ° 30′W ) is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
Dambai is a small town and is the capital of Krachi East district , a district in the northern part of the Volta Region of Ghana .
Víznar is a municipality located in the province of Granada , Spain , only a few miles from the city of Granada itself .
Bibrka ( Ukrainian : Бібрка ; Polish : Bóbrka ) is a town in western Ukraine , located in Peremyshliany Raion of Lviv Oblast ( region ) about 29 km southeast of Lviv on H09 .
The curving and relatively narrow high street has been part of a long distance route for many years , but the number of heavy trucks passing through small towns like Mögglingen rose substantially after 2005 which was the year in which Germany introduced Autobahn tolls for trucks above twelve tonnes gross weight .
Larreynaga ( Spanish pronunciation : ( laˈreinaɣa ) ) is the second largest municipality in the León department of Nicaragua .
The Vitra Design Museum is an internationally renowned , privately owned museum for design in Weil am Rhein , Germany .
Zahna is a town and a former municipality in Wittenberg district in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany not far from Federal Highway ( Bundesstraße ) B 2 and about 11 km east of Lutherstadt Wittenberg .
Cerro Ramada is a mountain in the Cordillera de la Ramada range of the Andes , in Argentina .
The Feme murders ( German : Fememorde ) were a series of politically motivated murders in Weimar - period Germany that were committed in 1919 - 1923 by the German far right against political opponents deemed traitors .
Sharieh - ye Seyyed Abud ( Persian : شريعه سيدعبود‎ , also Romanized as Sharīʿeh - ye Seyyed ʿAbūd ) is a village in Gharb - e Karun Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Námestie Slobody ( English : Freedom Square ) , locally referred to as Gottko , is a major city square in the Old Town of Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia .
The Lutheran Church in Great Britain ( LCiGB ) is a small Lutheran denomination in the United Kingdom .
The Rooms is a cultural facility in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Nastola railway station ( Finnish : Nastolan rautatieasema , Swedish language : Nastola järnvägsstation ) is located in the municipality of Nastola in the Päijänne Tavastia region , in Finland .
Damaan Valley is a valley of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Kapka Tash Lake ( Kyrgyz : Капка Таш ) is a rock - dammed lake in Toktogul District of Jalal - Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Sarrud - e Sofla ( Persian : سررودسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sarrūd - e Soflá ) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Char Bulak or Chahar Bolak is a town and seat of Chahar Bolak District in Balkh Province in northern Afghanistan .
Machachi is the canton seat of Mejía Canton in the Pichincha province of Ecuador .
Gouessesso is a village in western Ivory Coast .
Allhaming is a municipality in the district Linz - Land in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
The International School of Kabul ( ISK ) was a private co - educational K-12 school in Kabul , Afghanistan .
Trelleborg Municipality ( Trelleborgs kommun ) is the southernmost municipality of Sweden , in Skåne County .
Kamabai is a small town in Bombali District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone , with a population of about 4000 within a 7 km radius ( including the villages of Kagbumbo , Bonaia , Manlokoko , Kawere , Masasa , Makombon , Matunko , Mateli , Mabunko , Karim , Mankorokoro , Kamaron and Katanta ) .
Volkoderi ( Macedonian : Волкодери ) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia , northwest of Lake Prespa and near Galičica Mountain .
The Waimate Branch was a branch line railway built in southern Canterbury , New Zealand to link the Main South Line with the town of Waimate , the centre of the surrounding rural area .
Red Sea University ( also known as Jameat Al Bahar Al Ahmar ) is located in the city of Port Sudan , in the state of The Red Sea in eastern Sudan .
Timmins is a city in northeastern Ontario , Canada on the Mattagami River .
Shiramin ( Persian : شيرامين‎ , also Romanized as Shīrāmīn and Shīr Amīn ) is a village in Shiramin Rural District , Howmeh District , Azarshahr County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mamenan - e Sofla ( Persian : مامنان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Māmenān - e Soflá ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Osaka Pool is a swimming venue in Osaka , Japan .
Vientiane Province ( also known as rural Vientiane ) ( Lao ວຽງຈັນ ) is a province of Laos , located in the northwest of the country .
Pulczynów ( pulˈt͡ʂɨnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Yardley Wood is an area of Birmingham , United Kingdom , covering the eastern - most quadrant of postcode area B14 ( as well as Priory Rd and adjacent streets up to the city boundary ) , and is located within the ward of Billesley to the south of the city .
Kuils River ( Afrikaans : Kuilsrivier ) is a town in the Western Cape province , South Africa 25 km east of Cape Town .
San Juanico Strait ( Filipino : Kipot ng San Juanico ) is a narrow strait in the Eastern Visayan region in the Philippines .
Kąkolówka ( kɔnkɔˈlufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błażowa , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Cappella Marciana is the modern name for the choir and instrumentalists of St Mark 's Basilica , Venice , Italy .
The Lóndrangar are a pair of rock pinnacles in Iceland .
The Clitunno , in Antiquity the Clitumnus , is a river in Umbria , Italy .
Godnje ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːdnjɛ ) ; Italian : Godignano ) is a small settlement next to Dutovlje in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Ramandolo is a sweet white Italian wine from the village of the same name which is situated in the hills near Nimis in the Friuli - Venezia Giulia wine region of northeast Italy .
Ley Talar ( Persian : لي طالار‎ , also Romanized as Ley Ţālār ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Rustai Hajj Hoseyn ( Persian : روستاي حاج حسين‎ , also Romanized as Rūstāī Ḩājj Ḩoseyn ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lusakunk ( Armenian : Լուսակունք , also Romanized as Lusakunq ; formerly , Tuskyulu ) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Wied - Neuwied was a German statelet of northeastern Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , located northeast of the Rhine River flanking the northern side of the town of Neuwied .
Palencia ( Spanish pronunciation : ( paˈlenθja ) ) is a city south of Tierra de Campos , in north - northwest Spain , the capital of the province of Palencia in the autonomous community of Castile and León .
Koh - i - Murdaar is a peak located in the Murdaar range of the Sulaiman Mountains System , in the Quetta District , in western Pakistan .
Veliki Ločnik ( German : Großlotschnik ) is a settlement north of Turjak in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Sardab Rud ( Persian : سردابرود‎ , also Romanized as Sardāb Rūd , Sardab Rūd , and Sard Abrood ) is a village in Kelarestaq - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Taichung Port Station ( Chinese : 台中港車站 ; pinyin : Táizhōnggǎng Chēzhàn ) , formerly known as Jianan Station , is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line ( Coast Line ) and the Taichung Port Line located in Qingshui District , Taichung , Taiwan .
The Murray - Sunset , Hattah and Annuello Important Bird Area comprises 7004 km2 of mallee habitat in the Mallee region of north - western Victoria , Australia .
Eureka Stadium , ( formerly known as Northern Oval or more accurately Northern Oval # 1 ) , is an oval shaped sports stadium located in the Ballarat Showgrounds at Wendouree , an outer suburb of Ballarat in Australia .
The Eurus Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Juchitán de Zaragoza , Oaxaca , Mexico .
Scarborough Junction ( also known as Kennedy Park ) is a neighbourhood in the Scarborough district of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Cedynia ( t͡sɛˈdɨɲa ) ( German : Zehden ) is a town in Poland , in West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in Gryfino County .
Jaffna Clock Tower ( Tamil : யாழ்ப்பாணம் மணிக்கூட்டுக் கோபுரம் Yāḻppāṇam Maṇikkūṭṭuk Kōpuram ) is a clock tower in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka .
Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on clay or dirt surfaced oval tracks in Australia .
Minsk - Arena ( Belarusian : Мінск-Арэна , Russian : Минск-Арена ) is a multi - use indoor arena in Minsk , Belarus .
Havuts Tar ( Armenian : Հավուց Թառ Վանք ; also Havuts Tar Vank ; translates to the `` All Savior Monastery '' ) is an 11th to 13th century walled monastery , situated upon a promontory along the Azat River Valley across from the villages of Goght and Garni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Benghazi Cathedral is a former Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Benghazi , Libya .
Ishku - ye Pain ( Persian : ايشكوپائين‎ , also Romanized as Īshkūh - e Pā’īn ; also known as Pā’īn Īshkūh ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mostly all major English , Hindi and Urdu dailies including Times of India , Hindustan Times , The Hindu , Dainik Jagran , Amarujala , Hindustan , Rashtree Sahara , Inquilab , Hausla News available in Azamgarh .
Straža pri Dolu ( pronounced ( ˈstɾaːʒa pɾi ˈdoːlu ) ) is a small settlement in the hills northwest of Frankolovo in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Sukhoverkovo ( Russian : Суховерково ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Kalininsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia , located approximately 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southwest of the city of Tver .
Ombrone Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy , located approximately 5 km east - northeast of Grosseto , and about 150 km northwest of Rome .
Lat Leyl ( Persian : لات ليل‎ , also Romanized as Lāt Leyl ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Vesterbros Torv is a public square located at the corner of Vesterbrogade and Gasværksvej in the heart of the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Bagaces is a town in the canton of Bagaces in the province of Guanacaste in Costa Rica .
Sombrio Beach is a beach on the west coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , southeast of the town of Port Renfrew .
Osservatorio Astronomico di Gnosca is an observatory at Gnosca , Ticino , Switzerland .
Nantes Cathedral or the Cathedral of St. Peter and St. Paul , Nantes ( French : Cathédrale Saint - Pierre - et - Saint - Paul de Nantes ) , is a Gothic Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Nantes , Pays de la Loire , France .
Papradno ( Hungarian : Kosárfalva ) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Nonantola Abbey , dedicated to Saint Sylvester , is a former a Benedictine monastery and prelature nullius in the commune of Nonantola , c. 10 km north - east of Modena , in the Emilia Romagna region of Italy .
Motaniec ( mɔˈtaɲet͡s ) ( German : Spaldingsfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
First Secretary of State is an honorific title occasionally used within the Government of the United Kingdom .
Someshwara Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected Wildlife sanctuary in the Western Ghats of Karnataka state in India .
Ślesin ( ˈɕlɛɕin ) is a town in Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,324 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Albusavadi ( Persian : البوسوادي‎ , also Romanized as Ālbūsavādī ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Punclut or Puncak Ciumbuleuit Utara ( Ciumbuleuit North Top ) is a recreational area in Bandung , Indonesia located 7 kilometers from the city center .
The Centro Direzionale di Milano is a business district ( quartiere ) in Milan , Italy , part of the Zone 9 administrative division .
Claude - Mélançon Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve of Quebec , Canada .
The Tenaiko Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges in British Columbia , Canada .
Sinabang ( Indonesian Sinabung ) is a town on the east coast of Simeulue Island , which lies off the western coast of Sumatra in Indonesia .
Skrwa Prawa ( Right Skrwa ; in Polish also Skrwa , Skrwa Północna , or Płosznica ) is a river of Poland , a right tributary of the Vistula .
Athens Railway Station ( Greek : Σιδηροδρομικός Σταθμός Αθήνας , Sidirodromikós Stathmós Athinón ) is the main railway station of Athens , the capital city of Greece .
Malmö District Court ( Swedish : Malmö tingsrätt ) is a law court in Malmö , Sweden whose jurisdiction includes the municipalities of Burlöv , Malmö and Vellinge .
Since 1985 Radio Nostalgie was developing a network in France and in 1986 the station was also broadcasting in Paris .
The Caren Range is a low and mostly tree - covered mountain range in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Sobiatyno ( sɔbjaˈtɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts was a renowned dance and performing arts school in the United Kingdom .
Çölquşçu ( also , Çöl Quşçu , Chël '' Kushchu , Cholkushchi , Cholkushchu , and Nizhniye Kushchi ) is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Abut Head is a forested headland on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island .
Su - ngai Kolok ( Thai : สุไหงโกลก ) is a border town on the Malaysia - Thailand Border in Narathiwat Province , Thailand .
Spetsgruppa `` A '' , also known as Alpha Group ( a popular English name ) , or Alfa , whose official name is Directorate `` A '' of the FSB Special Purpose Center ( TsSN FSB ) , is an elite , stand - alone sub - unit of Russia 's special forces .
Klarenbeek is a village in the eastern Netherlands with approximately 3500 inhabitants .
The Karagandy Zoo ( Kazakh : Қарағанды хайуантар бағы ; Russian : Карагандинский зоопарк ) is the state zoo of the city Karaganda in Kazakhstan .
Kaileuna is an island in the Trobriand Islands group of Papua New Guinea .
Totoya is a volcanic island in the Moala subgroup of Fiji 's Lau archipelago .
Pálháza is a town in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Hungary , 87 km ( 54 mi ) east from county capital Miskolc .
Deaf CanDo ( trade name of the Royal South Australian Deaf Society ) , is a not for profit community organisation operating in South Australia , it is second oldest charity in South Australia established in 1891 providing services and programs to deaf and hearing impaired people .
The Swedish State Railways ( Swedish : Statens Järnvägar ) or SJ , originally the Royal Railway Board ( Swedish : Kungl . Järnvägsstyrelsen ) , was the former government agency responsible for operating the state railways in Sweden .
Islamitisch College Amsterdam ( ICA ) , is an Islamic secondary school in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Runarsko ( pronounced ( ˈɾuːnaɾskɔ ) ) is a small village east of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Park miniatúr is a miniature park in Podolie , Slovakia .
Myungshin University was a university located in Suncheon , Jeollanam - do , South Korea .
Kokatahi is a locality on the West Coast of New Zealand .
The UIB also has University Schools Adscritas , private establishments offering university degrees recognized by the University of the Balearic Islands ( which are valid throughout Spain ) .
Gudeok Baseball Stadium is a baseball stadium in Seo Daeshin - dong , Seo - gu , Busan , South Korea .
Umzumbe is a seaside resort situated at the mouth of the Mzumbe River ( bad kraal ) in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Barika ( Arabic : بريكة‎ ) is a city in Batna Province , in Eastern Algeria .
The Shire of Ipswich is a former local government area in the south - east of Queensland , Australia .
Dobovo ( pronounced ( ˈdoːbɔʋɔ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Targownica ( tarɡɔvˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Burgstädt ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbʊɐ̯kʃtɛt ) ) is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Ling Fell is a small hill in the north west of the Lake District in the United Kingdom .
Chocope is a town in Northern Peru , capital of the district of Chocope in the region La Libertad .
The Estadio Nemesio Díez , ( formerly Estadio Luis Dosal ) nicknamed La Bombonera , is one of the oldest football stadiums in Mexico .
Phetchaburi ( Thai : เพชรบุรี ( Pronunciation ) ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in southern Thailand , capital of Phetchaburi Province .
Loctudy ( Breton : Loktudi ) is a fishing port and seaside resort in Brittany , France , at the mouth of the Pont - l'Abbé river estuary .
Rąbino ( rɔmˈbinɔ ) ( German : Groß Rambin ) is a village in Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bussière - Galant ( Occitan : Bussiéra ( Galand ) ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France .
Anadan ( Arabic : عندان‎ ) is a city in Syria , 12 kilometers north of Aleppo , located on the international road Aleppo--
The Tarlupadu village code is 2190800 in India .
Pinehaven is a suburb of Upper Hutt City in the lower North Island of New Zealand , established in 1927 .
Los Puertos de Altagracia is the capital of the Miranda Municipality , which is located in the eastern coast of Lake Maracaibo in Zulia , Venezuela .
Cibao International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional del Cibao ) ( IATA : STI , ICAO : MDST ) also known as Santiago Airport , is located in Santiago de los Caballeros , Dominican Republic 's second largest city .
Rodmošci ( pronounced ( ˈɾoːdmɔʃtsi ) ) is a dispersed settlement southwest of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
Rębisze - Parcele ( rɛmˈbiʂɛ parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Miranda Palace is located in the village of Prelo , which belongs to the municipality of Boal , in the Principality of Asturias ( Spain ) .
The Canadian Film Institute ( CFI ) ( French : Institut canadien du film ( ICF ) ) Canadian Film Institute involves Canada in the film production , study , appreciation process of film / moving images for cultural and educational purposes .
Olten is a town in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland and capital of the district of the same name .
Warhead Records was an independent record label based in Sydney , Australia that specialised in releasing albums by Australian heavy metal bands .
Minalungao National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the municipality of General Tinio , Nueva Ecija in Central Luzon .
Cimon della Pala , sometimes called Cimone and The Matterhorn of the Dolomites ( il Cervino delle Dolomiti ) , is the best - known peak of the Pale di San Martino group , in the Dolomites , northern Italy .
Mangorei is a locality on the outskirts of New Plymouth in Taranaki , New Zealand .
Ryerson 's Island is an island in Ontario , Canada , located in Lake Erie north of Long Point .
Gweru - Thornhill Air Base ( IATA : GWE , ICAO : FVTL ) is one of the two main air bases of the Air Force of Zimbabwe located near the central city of Gweru , Thornhill Air Base is home to air force fighter squadrons and the Pilot Training School .
Sangil Station ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 상일역 ) is a railway station in Ch'ŏlsan - gu , Tŏksŏng , South Hamgyŏng , North Korea .
Brindisi railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Brindisi ) is the main station serving the city and comune of Brindisi , in the region of Apulia , southern Italy .
Saint Petersburg State Pediatric Medical University ( Санкт-Петербургский государственный педиатрический медицинский университет ) , formerly known as St. Petersburg State Pediatric Medical Academy ( SPbSPMA ) is the first in the world and the only medical school in Russia providing higher medical education with a specialization in Pediatrics .
Śmietanki ( ɕmjɛˈtaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Château d'Angers is a castle in the city of Angers in the Loire Valley , in the département of Maine - et - Loire , in France .
The Fort de Valros ( also known locally as Tour de Valros ) is a ruined small castle or fortress in the commune of Valros in the Hérault département of France .
Zduńska Wola Karsznice is one of the biggest rail junctions in Poland , located in central part of the country , within the borders of the town of Zduńska Wola ( Łódź Voivodeship ) .
Cousin Island is a small ( 27 ha , 67 acre ) granitic island of the Seychelles , lying 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) west of Praslin .
Boden Fortress ( Swedish : Bodens fästning ) is a modern fortress consisting of several major and minor forts and fortifications surrounding the city of Boden , Norrbotten , in northern Sweden .
Telethrio ( Greek : Τελέθριο , Latin : Telethrius ) is a small mountain range in the northwestern part of the island of Euboea , Greece .
Mount Saint Patrick College is a co - educational Secondary College in Murwillumbah , Australia , operating within the system administered by the Catholic Education Office .
The Glozhene Monastery is an Eastern Orthodox monastery located on the northern slopes of Stara Planina in Bulgaria , near the village of Glozhene and the Cherni Vit river , 12 km from Teteven .
El Trompillo Airport ( IATA : SRZ , ICAO : SLET ) is located in the south part of Santa Cruz , Bolivia , about 2 km ( 1.25 miles ) away from the central plaza .
Guruve is a village and centre of Guruve District , Zimbabwe .
The Mosque of Segrate ( Italian : Moschea di Segrate ) , also known as Masjid al - Rahmàn or Mosque of the Merciful , is a mosque in Segrate , Italy , located on the border to the Milano Due suburb .
Paso Bonilla is a village or populated centre in the Tacuarembó Department of northern - central Uruguay .
Kańczuga ( kaɲˈt͡ʂuɡa ) is a town in Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland , with a population of 3,187 inhabitants ( 02.06.2009 ) .
Mayahi ( var . Mayaki ) is a town located in the Maradi Region of Niger .
Valby Idrætspark is a multi - purpose stadium in the district of Valby , in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Gornji Milanovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гoрњи Милановац , pronounced ( ɡôːrɲiː mǐlanoʋats ) ) is a town and municipality located in central Serbia .
Salmanak - e Olya ( Persian : سلمانك عليا‎ , also Romanized as Salmānak - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Falard Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 64 , in 14 families .
Jasika ( Serbian : Јасика ) is a village in the municipality of Kruševac , Serbia .
The Makybe Diva Stakes is a Victoria Racing Club Group 1 Thoroughbred horse race at Weight for age conditions over 1,600 metres held at Flemington Racecourse in Melbourne , Australia in September .
Høle is a borough and village in the western part of Sandnes municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
The Château d'Essalois is a restored castle in the commune of Chambles in the Loire département of France , overlooking a dammed portion of the Loire River , Lake Grangent .
Chaqal - e Mostafa ( Persian : چقال مصطفي‎ , also Romanized as Chaqāl - e Moşţafá ) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Civilian Disobedience Medal ( French : Médaille du Réfractaire , Dutch : Werkweigeraarsmedaille ) was a war service medal of the Kingdom of Belgium established by royal decree on 12 February 1951 and awarded to Belgian citizens refusing to support the German war effort during the Second World War .
Margahovit ( Armenian : Մարգահովիտ , formerly Hamzachiman ) , is a major village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Bhaliapadar is a small village under Muniguda Block in the Rayagada district , Orissa India .
Răspopeni is a commune in Şoldăneşti district , Moldova .
Yolqulular ( also , Yëlkulular ) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hassell National Park is a national park in the Great Southern region of Western Australia , 367 kilometres ( 228 mi ) southeast of Perth and 57 km ( 35 mi ) north east of Albany .
Hacıəlibəy ( also , Hacəlibəy and Mirzamamedkyshlakh ) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Rudăria - Bănia mine is a large open pit mine in the south - western Romania in Caraș - Severin County .
Ulven concentration camp ( Norwegian : Ulven fangeleir ; Ulven means `` the wolf '' ) was a concentration camp in the municipality of Os in Hordaland county , Norway .
The King Fahd Causeway ( Arabic : جسر الملك فهد‎ , Jisr al - Malik Fahd ) is a series of bridges and causeways connecting Saudi Arabia and Bahrain .
Torre del Caballito is a skyscraper located on the Paseo de la Reforma # 10 at the Cuauhtemoc delegation in Mexico City .
Kaymaklı Monastery ( Armenian : Ամենափրկիչ Վանք , Amenaprgič Vank , meaning Monastery of the All - Saviour ; Turkish : Kaymaklı Manastırı , Amenapırgiç Manastırı ) is a ruined Armenian Apostolic monastery near Trabzon , Turkey .
Ćoralići ( Serbian : Ћоралићи ) is a village in the municipality of Cazin , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vaľkovňa ( Hungarian : Nándorvölgy ) is a village and municipality in Brezno District , in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
Kärla Parish was a municipality in Saare County , Estonia .
Mastichochoria ( Μαστιχοχώρια `` the mastic villages '' in Greek ) is a former municipality on the island of Chios , North Aegean , Greece .
Žagubica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жагубица , pronounced ( ʒǎɡubitsa ) ) is a village and municipality located in the Braničevo District of Serbia .
The Chincha Islands ( Spanish Islas Chincha ) are a group of three small islands 21 kilometres ( 13 mi ) off the southwest coast of Peru , to which they belong , near the town of Pisco .
Dunne and Crescenzi , founded in 1999 , is a chain of Italian restaurants in Ireland .
Pilcza Żelichowska ( ˈpilt͡ʂa ʐɛliˈxɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Jurowce - Kolonia ( juˈrɔft͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Erin Mills GO Station is a GO Transit bus station in the community of Erin Mills in western Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Ameerpet ( Telugu : అమీర్‌పేట ) is a busy commercial area located in the north western part of Hyderabad , India .
Kirinnya is a location in Kira Municipality , in Wakiso District , Central Uganda .
Obozersky ( Russian : Обозерский ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , located on the upper Vaymuga River , a tributary of the Yemtsa River in the Northern Dvina basin .
Vishka Matir ( Persian : ويشكاماتير‎ , also Romanized as Vīshkā Mātīr ) is a village in Lakan Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The As River is a tributary of the Liebenbergsvlei River in the eastern Free State , South Africa .
Plages du Prado is the generic name for the beaches in the south neighborhood of Marseille , France .
Medininkai Castle ( Lithuanian : Medininkų pilis ) , a medieval castle in Vilnius district , Lithuania , was built in the late 13th century or the first quarter of the 14th century .
El Gebir is a town in North Kurdufan State in central Sudan , 70 kilometres north - west of El Obeid .
The Romagnola is a breed of cattle from the Emilia - Romagna region of Italy .
The Infant Jesus Cathedral is a historic Roman Catholic church established by Portuguese during 1614 , situated at Tangasseri in the city of Quilon ( Kollam ) , India .
The Ombla is a short river in Croatia , northeast of Dubrovnik .
Mantet ( Catalan : Mentet ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Boneh - ye Hajji ( Persian : بنه حاجي‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Ḩājjī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Khislavichi ( Russian : Хиславичи ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Khislavichsky District of Smolensk Oblast , Russia , located by the right bank of the Sozh River .
Lewino ( lɛˈvinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Vienna International School is a non - profit international school , located in Vienna , Austria .
Barclay Square ( Estonian : Barclay plats ) is a public square and park in the city of Tartu , Estonia , adjacent to the Ülikooli street .
Pastrogor ( or Patrogor ) is a village in the municipality of Svilengrad , in Haskovo Province , in southern Bulgaria .
Keçmədin ( also , Keçməddin ) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bagravan ( Armenian : Բագրավան ) , formerly known as Bugdashen , is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Qalayçılar ( also , Kalaychylar ) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Asosa is a town in western Ethiopia and the capital of the Benishangul - Gumuz Region ( or kilil ) of Ethiopia .
Comayagua ( Spanish pronunciation : ( komaˈʝaɣwa ) ) is a city in Honduras , some 50 miles ( 80 km ) northwest of Tegucigalpa on the highway to San Pedro Sula at an elevation of 1,949 feet ( 594 m ) above sea level .
The People of Freedom ( Italian : Il Popolo della Libertà , PdL ) was a centre - right political party in Italy .
The Viaduc des Arts - located in Avenue Daumesnil 1 - 129 , in the 12th arrondissement of Paris , France - is a rehabilitation of the former `` Viaduc de Bastille '' carrying the railways of the Paris - Bastille - Vincennes train line .
Lentekhi ( Georgian : ლენტეხი ) is a small town and Lentekhi District 's ( Raion ) capital in Georgia 's western region of Racha - Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti , 323 km northwest to the nation 's capital Tbilisi .
Bagh - e Algi ( Persian : باغ الگي‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Algī ) is a village in Doab Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Klošter ( pronounced ( ˈkloːʃtəɾ ) ; German : Kloster ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Lahinja River in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Puinawai Natural Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Nacional Natural Puinawai ) is the second largest national park in Colombia .
Zaube parish ( Latvian : Zaubes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Amata Municipality , Latvia .
Selo Sveti Marko is a village near Perušić in Lika - Senj County , Croatia .
Majcni ( pronounced ( ˈmaːi̯tsni ) ) is a small settlement northeast of Štorje in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Sacred Heart Canossian School ( Chinese : 嘉諾撒聖心學校 ; abbr : `` SHCS '' ; not to be confused with Sacred Heart Canossian School Private Section ) is a Catholic girls ' school established at Caine Road , The Mid - Levels , Hong Kong .
Mont - Orford National Park is a park in Orford , Quebec , Canada that is maintained and protected by the Sépaq .
Seri Menanti Royal Mausoleum is a Negeri Sembilan royal mausoleum located in the royal town of Seri Menanti , Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia .
Universidade Lusófona de Humanidades e Tecnologias ( Lusophone University of Humanities and Technologies ) is the largest Portuguese private university , and the main institution of Grupo Lusófona , which administers other universities and colleges in Portugal , Brazil , Cape Verde , Angola , Guinea - Bissau and Mozambique .
Ábær ( also known as Abær Kirkja ) is a populated place in Iceland .
The Basilica Minore of Our Lady of Charity ( Spanish : Basilica Menor de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad ) , better known as Agoo Basilica , is a Roman Catholic Minor Basilica in Agoo , La Union , the Philippines dedicated to Our Lady of Charity .
Nizhny Novgorod Planetarium is a planetarium in Nizhny Novgorod , Russia .
Portin Jan ( Persian : پرتينجان‎ , also Romanized as Portīn Jān ) is a village in Jabal Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Babinci ( pronounced ( ˈbaːbintsi ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
Podbela ( pronounced ( pɔdˈbeːla ) ; Italian : Sant'Elena al Natisone , before 1927 Podibela ) is a small village on the left bank of the Nadiža River in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Zaghwan ( or Zaghouan ; Tunisian Arabic : زغوان‎ Zaġwān ) is a town in the northern half of Tunisia .
Lower Baddibu is one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of the Gambia .
Lubowicz - Byzie ( luˈbɔvit͡ʂ ˈbɨʑe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Turzystwo ( tuˈʐɨstfɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Folgowo ( fɔlˈɡɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Wild Life Sydney Zoo ( formerly Sydney Wildlife World ) is a wildlife park in the heart of the city of Sydney , Australia .
East London Airport ( IATA : ELS , ICAO : FAEL ) is an airport serving East London , a city in the Eastern Cape province on the southeast coast of South Africa .
Sablé - sur - Sarthe , commonly referred to as Sablé , is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in west France .
Qomolangma National Nature Preserve ( QNNP ) , also known as Chomolungma Nature Reserve ( QNP ) protects 3.381 million hectares of the central Himalaya in the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
Lutomia Dolna ( luˈtɔmja ˈdɔlna ) ( German : Nieder Leutmannsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Ghanashyampur is a village south of Calcutta in India .
Mount Telomoyo is a stratovolcano in Central Java , Indonesia .
Mian Rokh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ميان رخ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dowgol Station ( Persian : ايستگاه دوگل‎ -- Īstgāh - e Dowgol ) is a village and railway station in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mount Steamer marks the intersection between the Main Range National Park and The Steamer Range in Australia .
The Monastery of San Adrián de Sasabe ( Spanish : Monasterio de San Adrián de Sasabe ) , is a former monastery or hermitage in Aragon , Spain , established in the 9th century , of which only the small Romanesque church now survives .
Azrag ( Persian : ازرگ‎ , also known as Azrak , Azrak - e Yek , Azraq , and Azraq Hashish ) is a village in Jahad Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Old Hill Street Police Station ( Chinese : 旧禧街警察局 ) is a historic building in Singapore , and is located at Hill Street in the Museum Planning Area , within the Central Area , Singapore 's central business district .
The San Francisco Pass is a pass over the Andes mountains which connects Argentina and Chile .
Raniganj is the South - Eastern neighbourhood in Asansol , Bardhaman District in the state of West Bengal , India .
Jacobs University Bremen ( previously International University Bremen , IUB ) is an international , private residential university in Bremen , Germany .
Mjosund Bridge ( Norwegian : Mjosundbrua ) is a cantilever bridge that crosses the Mjosundet strait between the islands of Rottøya and Ertvågsøya in the municipality of Aure in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Paatei Modi'in Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת פאתי מודיעין‎ , Tahanat HaRakevet Paatei Modi'in ( Modi'in outskirts ) ) is the next - to - last station on the Nahariya - Modi'in Israel Railways line , serving the residents of Modi'in .
Süderoog ( Danish : Sønderog , Frisian : Saruug or Saaruuch ) is one of the Halligen , a group of islands in the North Frisian Wadden Sea , off the west coast of Schleswig - Holstein in north Germany .
The Ouémé River is a river in the countries of Benin and Nigeria .
Bhagtal بھگٹال is village of Talagang , Chakwal , Punjab , Pakistan .
Fadami ( Persian : فدامي‎ , also Romanized as Fadāmī ; also known as Āb - e Shūr , Fadāmī Āb - e Shūr , and Padūmi ) is a village in Abshur Rural District , Forg District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Calgary Transit is the public transit service which is owned and operated by the city of Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Contaco is a small settlement , beach and balneario at the coast of Osorno Province , southern Chile .
Pagasarri ( Basque language name meaning ' thick forest of beech ' ) is one of the two small mountain ranges that encloses the city of Bilbao , Basque Country , Spain and is part of the Basque Mountains .
Borzechów ( bɔˈʐɛxuf ) is a village in Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Albpetrol JSC is a petroleum production and marketing company , which also monitors state petroleum agreements , in Albania .
Kunštát ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkunʃtaːt ) ) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Marmashen Monastery ( Armenian : Մարմաշենի վանք ) is a 10th - century Armenian monastic complex consisting of five churches near the village of Marmashen in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Wells Passage is a strait and marine waterway in the northeastern Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada , on the west side of North Broughton Island .
Üçoğlan ( also , Uchoglan ) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Oleshky Sands ( Ukrainian : Олешківські піски ) is the largest expanse of sand in Ukraine .
Dầu Tiếng Base Camp ( also known as LZ Dầu Tiếng or Camp Rainier ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base in the Dầu Tiếng District in Bình Dương Province in southern Vietnam .
Laguna del Maule ( Spanish pronunciation : ( laˈɣuna ðel ˈmaule ) ) is a lake located in the Andes of Central Chile .
Djurgårdsbrunnsbron ( Swedish : `` The Djurgården Well Bridge '' ) is a bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden , connecting northern and southern Djurgården .
Ramot HaShavim ( Hebrew : רָמוֹת הַשָּׁבִים , lit . Heights of the Returnees ) is a Jewish village in central Israel founded by German Jewish immigrants in 1933 .
Hoërskool Bellville ( Bellville High School ) is a high school in Bellville , South Africa .
Koski Tl ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈkoski ) ) is a municipality of Finland .
Morshyn ( Ukrainian : Моршин , Polish : Morszyn - Zdrój ) is a city in Ukraine 's Lviv Oblast ( region ) .
Sobiepanka is a short river of Poland , a 1.5-km connection between Lake Lampasz and Lake Kujno .
Moruxlu ( also , Morukhlu ) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The 2005 UEFA Women 's Under-19 Championship was the holding of the UEFA Women 's Under-19 Championship in Hungary from July 20 - -31 , 2005 .
Bojszowy ( bɔi̯ˈʂɔvɨ ) ( German : Boischow ) is a village in Bieruń - Lędziny County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Nasuiyeh ( Persian : نسوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Nasū’īyeh ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Universidade Positivo ( abbreviated UP ; Positive University ) is one of the private universities of the State of Paraná , Brazil .
Serfaus is a small town located on a plateau 500 m above the upper Inn valley in Tyrol , western Austria .
The Bloskülb is a 570-metre - high hill in the central part of the Palatine Forest of Germany .
Razbor ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːzbɔɾ ) ) is a village below Mount Lisca in the Municipality of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Until January 1 , 2007 , Blaabjerg was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Ribe County on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in southwest Denmark .
Niedersachsenhalle is an exhibition hall located in Hanover , Germany and part of Hannover Congress Centrum .
Foxrock ( Irish : Carraig an tSionnaigh ) is a suburb of Dublin , Ireland .
The Nyker Brød bakery located on the main street delivers its products to the whole of Denmark .
Kuivasaari ( Torra Mjölö in Swedish ) is a Finnish island in the Gulf of Finland , near Helsinki .
Expo 2017 is an International Exposition scheduled to take place in 2017 in Astana , Kazakhstan .
Chak No.42 Gop - e - Rah is small village located in Kasur District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Iroquois Falls is a town in Northern Ontario , Canada , with a population of 4,595 at the 2011 census .
Manikonda is a commercial hub and a residential suburb in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Khua Mung ( Thai : ขัวมุง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Saraphi District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Søre Vistvatnet ( Southern Sami : Åårjel Væstanjaevrie ) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vevelstad in Nordland county , Norway .
The 2017 World Judo Championships will be held in Budapest , Hungary , with date and venue to be determined .
Kamilari is a village on the island of Crete , Greece , with 339 inhabitants .
The Mangorewa River is a river of the Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
2CC is a commercial radio station on the AM band in Canberra , Australia .
Karszanek ( karˈʂanɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Serre Chevalier is a major ski resort in southeastern France , in the Hautes - Alpes department of the Alps .
The Green League ( Finnish : Vihreä liitto , Vihr . ; Swedish : Gröna Förbundet ) is a green and green - liberal political party in Finland .
Le Monstre ( The Monster ) is a wooden roller coaster at La Ronde amusement park in Montreal , Canada .
Lough Cullin ( Irish : Loch Cuilinn ) is a lake in County Mayo in Ireland .
Punta Chivato Airstrip ( IATA : PCV ) was a private airstrip in Punta Chivato , Baja California Sur , Mexico .
Curry Island is an irregularly shaped , uninhabited island located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Bura East Airport ( IATA : n / a , ICAO : HKBU ) is located in the town of Bura , Tana River County , in southeastern Kenya , close to the Indian Ocean coast and to the International border with Somalia .
Nkhata Bay or just Nkhata is the capital of the Nkhata Bay District in Malawi .
Bílý Kámen ( ˈbiːliː ˈkaːmɛn ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Nikokleia ( Greek : Νικόκλεια ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 3 km north of Kouklia .
Seanad Éireann ( /ˌʃænəd , -ð ˈɛərən/ ; Senate of Ireland ) is the upper house of the Oireachtas ( the Irish legislature ) , which also comprises the President of Ireland and Dáil Éireann ( the lower house ) .
Augsburg Hospital ( Klinikum Augsburg ) is one of the largest medical centers in Germany located in Augsburg .
Tamani Hotel Marina ( also known as Number One Dubai Marina ) is a 55-story hotel in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Lincoln Castle remains one of the most impressive Norman castles in the United Kingdom .
Victoria Institution is a secondary school for boys ( and girls for Form 6 ) and one of the oldest schools in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
The Liberal Catholic Church of Ontario ( LCCO ) was a non - theosophical Liberal Catholic denomination in Canada , now merged into the Christ Catholic Church International , which formed in 1991 .
The Clean Ocean Foundation is an environmental organisation that is dedicated to the closure of ocean sewerage outfalls in Victoria ( Australia ) .
Mont Faron is a mountain overlooking the city and roadstead of Toulon , France .
Crosby Villa is a village in the civil parish of Crosscanonby in Cumbria , United Kingdom .
Dolenji Potok ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnji ˈpɔːtɔk ) ; German : Unterpotok ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
The name Meerwala refers to both a mouza and a small village of Jatoi , a rural tehsil in the Muzaffargarh District of Pakistan .
Zereshgi ( Persian : زرشگي‎ , also Romanized as Zereshgī ; also known as Zereshkī ) is a village in Samen Rural District , Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Ormylia ( Greek : Ορμύλια ) is a town and a former municipality in Chalkidiki , Greece .
East Aceh Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Aceh Timur ) is a regency in eastern Aceh Special Region ( Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam ) of Indonesia .
Dąbrowa Biskupia ( dɔmˈbrɔva bisˈkupja ) is a village in Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Apideonas ( Greek : Απιδεώνας ) is a village in the municipal unit of Larissos , in Achaea , Greece .
Ronciglione is a city and comune in the province of Viterbo , Lazio ( central Italy ) , about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) from Viterbo .
Protivín ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈprocɪviːn ) ) is a small town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Tengako is a peninsula at the north end of Fongafale islet of Funafuti , Tuvalu .
Røyrvik Church ( Norwegian : Røyrvik kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Mramorovo pri Pajkovem ( pronounced ( mɾaˈmoːɾɔʋɔ pɾi ˈpaːi̯kɔvɛm ) ) is a small settlement northwest of Ravnik in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Mazori Hatti Mullo ( Yaghnobi Мазори Ҳатти Мулло ) is a mazar in the Yaghnob Valley in Tajikistan .
Hohes Kreuz is a municipality in the Eichsfeld in Thuringia , Germany .
The Mirador Norte mine is a large copper mine located in the south of Ecuador in Zamora - Chinchipe Province .
El Tocuyo is a fertile valley and city in west - central Venezuela at 622 m ( 2,041 ft ) elevation .
Sri Aman Division is one of the eleven administrative divisions in Sarawak , Malaysia , on the island of Borneo .
Hajji Hoseyn ( Persian : حاجي حسين‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Ḩoseyn ) is a village in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Sturt Meadows or Sturt Meadows Station is pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but now operates as a cattle station in Western Australia .
Anbi ( Persian : انبي‎ , also Romanized as Anbī ; also known as Ābnī and Ambi ) is a village in Targavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kranj railway station ( Slovene : Železniška postaja Kranj ) is the railway station in Kranj , the third largest municipality and fourth largest city in Slovenia .
Pedra da Risca do Meio State Marine Park ( `` Parque Estadual Marinho da Pedra da Risca do Meio '' in Portuguese ) is a marine protected area in the state of Ceará , Brazil .
Dubiny ( duˈbʲinɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Дубини , Dubyny ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Schaffen Air Base is a Belgian Air Force Base , located 2.1 km north - northeast of Diest in Flemish Brabant , Belgium .
Mauranger is the northernmost district of Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
DSV 78 Hannover , founded as DFV Hannover in 1878 , is Germany 's oldest rugby club .
Mulab - e Sofla ( Persian : مولابسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mūlāb - e Soflá ; also known as Mūlāb - e - Pā’īn ) is a village in Murmuri Rural District , Kalat District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Nasseef House or Nassif House ( Arabic : بيت نصيف Bayt Nasseef ) is a historical structure in Al - Balad , Jeddah , Saudi Arabia .
Sagharchi ( Persian : ساغرچي‎ , also Romanized as Sāgharchī ; also known as Sāqarchī ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Brumov - Bylnice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbrumov ˈbɪlɲɪtsɛ ) ) is a town in the Zlín Region , Czech Republic .
Akureyri ( ˈaːkʰʏrˌeiːrɪ ) is a small city in northern Iceland .
Greater Glasgow had a population of 1,199,629 at the 2001 census making it the largest urban area in Scotland and the fifth largest in the United Kingdom .
Khoda Kandi is a mystical and often forgotten village in the Ardabil Province of Iran .
East Gorham is a local services board for the unincorporated geographic townships of Gorham and Jacques in Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
Węglów ( ˈvɛŋɡluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąchock , within Starachowice County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Contado di Molise ( County of Molise ) was the name of a Neapolitan giustizierato of Italy .
The Executive Towers is a complex of 12 towers in Business Bay development in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Lycée Franco - Libanais Verdun ( Arabic : اللیسیه الفرنسیة اللبنانیة - فردان‎ ) , commonly known as the Lycée Verdun , is a French lycée located in the upscale Rue Verdun in Beirut , Lebanon .
The University of St. Gallen ( in German : Universität St. Gallen ) is a research university located in St. Gallen , Switzerland .
The Towers of Bologna are a group of medieval structures in Bologna , Italy .
Mishmar David ( Hebrew : מִשְׁמַר דָּוִד , lit . David 's Guard ) is a communal settlement in central Israel .
Politiets Efterretningstjeneste ( PET ) ( Danish : The Intelligence Service of the Police , official name in English : The Danish Security and Intelligence Service , abbreviated DSIS ) is the national security intelligence agency of Denmark .
Chul Chapi ( Persian : چول چپي‎ , also Romanized as Chūl Chapī ) is a village in Shahi Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Takoradi Airport ( IATA : TKD , ICAO : DGTK ) is an airport in Sekondi - Takoradi , a city and capital of Western Region southern Ghana .
Świeminko ( ɕfjɛˈminkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biesiekierz , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Adygeysk ( Russian : Адыге́йск ; Adyghe : Адыгэкъалэ , Adəgăqală ) is a town in the Republic of Adygea , Russia , located near Krasnodar Reservoir , 100 kilometers ( 62 mi ) northwest of Maykop , the capital of the republic .
Courrendlin ( Franc - Comtois : Coérrendlïn ) is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Murgusiyeh ( Persian : مورگوسيه‎ , also Romanized as Mūrgūsīyeh ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
As a commune , Hualpén is a third - level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council , headed by an alcalde ( `` alcalde '' in Spanish ; alcalde and major , in English ) who is directly elected every four years .
Suleja is a city in Niger State , Nigeria , pop . ( 2006 ) local government area , 216,578 , just north of Abuja , capital of the Suleja Emirate .
Dansoman is a suburban town in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana , located near Accra .
Alexandroupoli railway station ( Greek : Σιδηροδρομικός σταθμός Αλεξανδρούπολης , Sidirodromikós Stathmós Alexandroúpolis ) is the main railway station of Alexandroupoli in Eastern Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
The Los Chancas mine is a large copper mine located in the Apurímac Region of southern Peru .
Naurejpur is a village in the district of Jalaun , Uttar Pradesh India .
Crémenes ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkɾemenes ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
The Marble Throne ( Persian : تخت مرمر - Taxt e Marmar‎ ) is a 250-year - old royal throne in Golestan Palace , Tehran , Iran .
Białowieżyn ( bjawɔˈvjɛʐɨn ) ( German : Weißturm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Steinheim skull is a fossilized skull of a Homo heidelbergensis found in 1933 near Steinheim an der Murr ( 20 km north of Stuttgart , Germany ) .
Legarda Street is a short street located in Sampaloc district in Manila , Philippines .
Lingojiguda is a residential suburb and village in Ranga Reddy district , India .
The top scholarship in Trinidad & Tobago , known as the ' President 's Medal ' , has been won on several occasions by Presentation College , San Fernando students , most recently by Kerry Shastri Singh in 2011 .
Bārta ( in Latvian ) , also named Bartuva ( in Lithuanian ) and Bartów ( in Polish ) , is a river in western Lithuania and Latvia .
The Castle of Biar stands on a hillock overlooking the town of Biar , in the comarca of Alt Vinalopó ( Valencian Community , Spain ) .
Monti Gemelli ( Twin Mountains ) is the name given to two similar mountains , Montagna dei Fiori and Montagna dei Campli , in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
Kalenić monastery ( Serbian : Манастир Каленић ) is an important Serb Orthodox monastery near Rekovac in central Serbia .
The Japanese Cemetery Park ( Kanji : 日本人墓地公園 ; rōmaji : Nihonjin bochi kōen ) is a cemetery and park in Hougang , Singapore .
Kabikiejmy Dolne ( kabiˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ˈdɔlnɛ ) ( German Unter Kapkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Deneysville is a small town on the banks of the Vaal Dam in the Free State province of South Africa .
Tân Phú is a district in Đồng Nai Province , in Vietnam .
Kamianna ( kaˈmʲanːa ) ( Ukrainian : Кам'яна , Kamyana ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Dalmatia ( Croatian : Dalmacija , ( dǎlmaːt͡sija ) ; see names in other languages ) is one of the four historical regions of Croatia , alongside Croatia proper , Slavonia , and Istria .
The Grossglockner High Alpine Road ( in German Großglockner - Hochalpenstraße ) is the highest surfaced mountain pass road in Austria .
CMRC ( Canadian Motorsport Racing Club ) is Canada 's largest motocross racing organization and a league for the top riders of the country .
Tonsenhagen is a neighborhood in the borough of Bjerke in northeast Oslo , Norway .
The Canal latéral à l'Oise is a canal in northern France that , along with the River Oise , connects the Canal de Saint - Quentin at Chauny to the Seine at Conflans - Sainte - Honorine .
Talsi District ( Latvian : Talsu rajons ) was an administrative division of Latvia , located in Courland region , in the country 's west .
Lavaur Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Alain de Lavaur ) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral , and national monument of France , located in the town of Lavaur , Tarn .
Ura - Guba ( Russian : Ура-Губа ) , also known as Ura ( Ура ) , is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 1 meter ( 3 ft 3 in ) above sea level .
Betzdorf railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Betzder , French : Gare de Betzdorf , German : Bahnhof Betzdorf ) is a railway station serving Betzdorf , in eastern Luxembourg .
Srebrny Borek ( ˈsrɛbrnɨ ˈbɔrɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Shishel ( Russian : Шишель ) is a shield volcano located in the northern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Le Petit Séminaire de Québec , campus de l'Outaouais is a private French language college in Gatineau , Quebec , Canada .
Gęsiniec ( ɡɛ̃ˈɕiɲɛt͡s ) ( Czech : Husinec before 1763 ; German : Hussinetz 1763 - -1937 ; German : Friedrichstein 1937 - -1945 ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Insular Mountains are a range of mountains in the Pacific Coast Ranges on the Coast of British Columbia , Canada , comprising the Vancouver Island Ranges and Queen Charlotte Mountains .
Ciudad Tunal is a neighbourhood ( barrio ) of Bogotá , Colombia .
The Sinanishko Lake ( Bulgarian : Синанишко езеро ) is a lake in Pirin , southwestern Bulgaria , situated below the Sinanitsa Peak in the small Sinanitsa cirque at an altitude of 2,181 metres .
Miharati is a location in Kipipiri Division , Kipipiri Constituency , Nyandarua County , Central Province ( Kenya ) .
Te Arai is a small community on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand , near the northern end of the Auckland Region .
Sekolah Chung Hwa Kiudang or Chung Hwa School Kiudang or 九 汀 中 华 学 校 is the name for a local Chinese school in Brunei Darussalam .
Man Sagar Lake is an artificial lake , situated in Jaipur , the capital of the state of Rajasthan in India .
Behuyeh ( Persian : بهويه‎ , also Romanized as Behūyeh and Behvieh ; also known as Būhū ) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District , Poshtkuh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Białki Dolne ( ˈbjau̯ki ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ułęż , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Cine Rex was a cinema located at De Keyserlei 15 in Antwerp , Belgium .
The Slovechna is a river in Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine and Gomel Region , Belarus .
The Montjuïc Cable Car ( Spanish : Teleférico de Montjuïc , Catalan : Telefèric de Montjuïc ) is a gondola lift in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Tuas View is an industrial area in the south - westernmost region of Singapore .
Cala Cala ( in hispanicized spelling ) or Qala Qala ( Aymara qala stone , `` a complex of stones '' ) is a small town in Bolivia .
Galileotoppen is a mountain on Spitsbergen in Svalbard , Norway .
The Burrum River is a river located in the Wide Bay - Burnett region of Queensland , Australia .
Härti is a quarter in the district 6 of Winterthur , in the canton of Zurich in northern Switzerland .
The Hodoş - Bodrog Monastery is one of the oldest monastic institutions in Romania .
Bogiq ( also known as Bogiç - Palvar ) is a settlement in the former Qendër municipality , Shkodër County , northern Albania .
Kapit Airport ( IATA : KPI , ICAO : WBGP ) is an airport serving Kapit , a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia .
The Bassari Country and its Bassari , Fula and Bedik Cultural Landscapes , located in the southeast of Senegal , is a well - preserved multicultural landscape which emerged from the interaction of human activities and the natural environment .
Agbozume or Klikor - Agbozume is a village in Ketu Municipal District in the Volta Region of southeastern Ghana .
Kévé ( also Keye ) is a town and canton with 12,000 residents in southwest Togo .
Brofodoumé is a sub - prefecture in south - eastern Ivory Coast .
Maicao ( Wayuunaiki : mai - ka - u ) is a city and municipality in the Department of La Guajira , northern Republic of Colombia .
Bagh Kandi ( Persian : باغ كندي‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Kandī , Bāgh - i - Kandi , and Bag - Kendi ) is a village in Ijrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Pura Kencana is a new township in Sri Gading , Batu Pahat , Malaysia .
Sagay Marine Reserve is a protected area in the Philippines located in Sagay , Negros Occidental .
In response to international calls Viotti Festivals have been organized elsewhere in the world : 2005 , Johannesburg and Pretoria , South Africa , via the ambassador of Italy in Pretoria 2005 and 2006 , Miami and Orlando , Florida 2009 , The Villages , Florida
Bacúch ( German : Batzuch , Watzuch ) is a village and municipality in the Brezno District , in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Chachakumayuq ( Quechua chachakuma a medical plant , `` the one with the chachakuma plant , hispanicized spelling Chachacomayoc ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,100 metres ( 16,732 ft ) high .
Mohnyin District ( Burmese : မိုးညှင်းခရိုင် ) is a district of the Kachin State in northern Burma ( Myanmar ) .
The Defileul Mureșului Superior Natural Park ( Romanian : Parcul Natural Defileul Mureşului Superior ) is a protected area ( natural park category V IUCN ) situated in Romania , in Mureş County ,
Sihla is a village and municipality in Brezno District , in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
The Quinte Curling Club is a curling club in Belleville , Ontario , Canada .
The Third constituency for French residents overseas ( French : troisième circonscription des Français établis hors de France ) is one of eleven constituencies each electing one representative of French citizens overseas to the French National Assembly .
Flying Foam Passage is a north - south passage between Angel Island and Dolphin Island in the Dampier Archipelago , near Dampier , Western Australia .
The Merkezefendi Cemetery ( Turkish : Merkezefendi Mezarlığı ) is a burial ground situated in Merkezefendi neighborhood of Zeytinburnu district on the European part of Istanbul , Turkey .
Pauatahanui Wildlife Reserve is a wetland reserve located in Pauatahanui and on the eastern edge of the Pauatahanui Inlet of the Porirua Harbour in Porirua , New Zealand .
Veys Morid ( Persian : ويسمريد‎ , also Romanized as Veys Morīd and Veis Morid ; also known as Vāzmīreh , Veys Morī , and Wāzmīri ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Zorita del Maestrazgo ( Valencian : Sorita ) is a municipality located in the province of Castellón , Valencian Community , Spain .
The Glover cottages are two semi - detached cottages in Kent Street , Millers Point , Sydney , Australia .
Novalak ( Persian : نوالك‎ , also Romanized as Novālak ) is a village in Zarabad - e Gharbi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Qand ( Persian : قند‎ ; also known as Qāsagān , Qāsegān , and Qaşr - e Qand ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lewoleba is a subdistrict and also the capital of the Lembata Regency , East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia .
The Autovía A-60 is a proposed highway in Central Spain between Valladolid and Leon .
Palmerston North Central railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand and the Palmerston North--
Via Cristoforo Colombo ( or just la Colombo , as it is often called by the Romans ; Italian pronunciation : ( kriˈstɔːforo koˈlombo ) ) is a street in Rome ( Italy ) that links the historic centre to Ostia .
Blantyre is Malawi 's centre of finance and commerce , and its second largest city , with an estimated 1,068,681 inhabitants as of 2015 .
Zwartewegsend ( Dutch : Zwartewegsend ) is a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
A Estrada is a municipality of the Pontevedra province in Galicia in northwestern Spain .
Lengha is a town in the Boussouma Department of Boulgou Province in south - eastern Burkina Faso .
Shirkoshi ( Persian : شيركشي‎ , also Romanized as Shīrkoshī ) is a village in Nargesan Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cathédrale du Sacré - Cœur d'Oran is a cathedral located on the Place de la Kahina , on Boulevard Hammou - boutlelis , in Oran , Algeria .
The Canje River , located in northeastern Guyana , is the main tributary of the Berbice River .
Youxi Township ( simplified Chinese : 油溪乡 ; traditional Chinese : 油溪鄉 ; pinyin : Youxi Xiang ) is a rural township in Xinhua County , Loudi City , Hunan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Inchanga is a village in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa , approximately halfway between Durban and Pietermaritzburg .
The Deutscher Bühnenverein is an organization representing 430 theatres , opera houses , drama , ballet and opera companies and orchestras in Germany .
Sai Yok National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติไทรโยค ) is a national park in Kanchanaburi Province , Thailand .
The Glungezer is a mountain in the Tux Alps in Tyrol southeast of Innsbruck in Austria .
Lake Žovnek ( Slovene : Žovneško jezero ) is a lake near Celje in Slovenia .
Reko Diq is a small town in Chagai District , Balochistan , Pakistan , in a desert area , 70 kilometres north - west of Naukundi , close to Pakistan 's border with Iran and Afghanistan .
Bongnae - dong is a legal dong , or neighbourhood of the Jung - gu district in Seoul , South Korea and governed by its administrative dongs , Sogong - dong and Hoehyeon - dong .
Eierland ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɛiərlɑnt ) ) is a former island in the Netherlands .
The Gulf of Chiriquí is a part of Panama that encompasses Coiba National Park and Golfo de Chiriquí National Park .
The Favaloro University ( Spanish : Universidad Favaloro ) is a private university in the city of Buenos Aires in Argentina .
Vopnafjörður is a village and municipality in Northeast Iceland , standing on a peninsula in the middle of a mountainous bay by the same name .
In 1995 , the People 's Republic of China , Mongolia , Russia and South Korea signed three agreements to create the Tumen River Economic Development Area .
Aband ( Persian : ابند‎ , also Romanized as Āband ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Bengbu South Railway Station ( Chinese : 蚌埠南站 ; pinyin : Bèngbù - nán zhàn ) is a high - speed railway station in Bengbu , Anhui , People 's Republic of China , which is served by the Jinghu High - Speed Railway .
Dehdasht ( Persian : دهدشت‎ ; also Romanized as Dehdast ; also known as Kuhgiluyeh ) is a city in and the capital of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Konbak ( Persian : كنبك‎ ; also known as Gonbak , Gumbak , and Konbag ) is a village in Dasht - e Veyl Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tolombeh - ye Samad Aqa ( Persian : تلمبه صمداقا‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Şamad Āqā ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dobruška Vas ( pronounced ( dɔˈbɾuːʃka ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Dobruška vas ) is a village in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia .
Sikasso is a city in the south of Mali and the capital of the Sikasso Cercle and the Sikasso Region .
The 2007 Melbourne Cup , the 147th running of Australia 's most prestigious thoroughbred horse race , was run on Tuesday , 6 November 2007 , going at 3:00 pm local time ( 0400 UTC ) .
Allah Valley Airport ( IATA : AAV , ICAO : RPMA ) is an airport serving the general area of Allah Valley , located in Surallah , South Cotabato , in the Philippines .
Santa Isabel Ixtapan is a community which is part of the municipality of San Salvador Atenco in the State of Mexico , Mexico .
The Ljubljana Opera House ( Slovene : Opera , or ljubljanska operna hiša ) is an opera house in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
The Picton Argus was an English language newspaper published in Picton , New South Wales , Australia .
Murten ( German ) or Morat ( French ) is a municipality in the See district of the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Melka Kuntureመልካ ቁንጥሬ is a Paleolithic site in the upper Awash Valley , Ethiopia .
Pasławki ( paˈswafki ) ( German : Paßlack ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Kordlar - e Tarancheh ( Persian : كردلرترانچه‎ , also Romanized as Kordlar - e Tūrāncheh ; also known as Kordlar ) is a village in Vargahan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Progressive Academy is a private day school in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Lancelot Inlet is an inlet in the Sunshine Coast region of the South Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
The Llao Llao Hotel is located in the tourist resort of San Carlos de Bariloche within the province of Río Negro , Argentina .
The Fulde belongs to the Weser river system in Germany .
Kinross Wolaroi School is an independent , Uniting church , co - educational , day and boarding school , located in Orange , a provincial city 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) west of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The Berzasca River or Berzeasca River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania .
Plœuc - sur - Lié ( Breton : Ploheg ) is a former commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France .
The Academy of Arts , Architecture and Design in Prague ( AAAD , Czech : Vysoká škola uměleckoprůmyslová v Praze , abbreviated VŠUP , also known as UMPRUM ) is a public university located in Prague , Czech Republic .
The Lom Pangar Dam is an embankment dam with a center gravity dam section currently under construction on the Lom River about 88 kilometres ( 55 mi ) north of Bertoua in the East Region of Cameroon .
Kothamangalam was first under the rule of `` Karthakkanmar '' related to Vemopolinadu royalty and laterTravancore Kingdom until India became independent .
Vila do Maio , also known as Porto Inglês , is a city in the southwestern part of the island of Maio in southeastern Cape Verde .
Mombasa Air Safari ( known as MAS ) is a Kenya coast scheduled airline .
Government Royapettah Hospital is a major state - owned hospital situated in Royapettah in Chennai , India .
Jyväskylän maalaiskunta ( Swedish : Jyväskylä landskommun ) , ' The Rural Municipality of Jyväskylä ' is a former municipality of Finland .
Falaisia ( Greek : Φαλαισία , before 1918 : Μπούρα - Boura ) is a village and a former municipality in southwestern Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
The South Coast Line is an intercity rail service operated by NSW TrainLink that services the Illawarra region of New South Wales , Australia .
The 2008 Sulawesi earthquake struck Sulawesi , Indonesia , on 16 November at 17:02:31 UTC .
Pianoro is a town and comune in the province of Bologna in the Emilia - Romagna region of Italy , in the hills of the Tusco - Emilian Apennines , 200 metres ( 660 ft ) above sea level .
Pelči Palace ( Latvian : Pelču muižas pils ; German : Schloss Pelzen ) is a palace located in the region of Kurzeme ( formerly Courland ) , in western Latvia .
Lamanon is a commune located in the Bouches - du - Rhône department , part of the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
Bogale ( Burmese : ဘိုကလေးမြို့ ( bòɡəlé mjo̰n ) ; also spelled Bogalay ) is a small city located in the Bogale Township , Ayeyarwady Region , Myanmar ( Burma ) .
Abrest ( in occitan Abrèt ) is a French commune in the Allier department in the Auvergne - Rhône - Alpes region of central France .
Mander Bolaghi ( Persian : مندربلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Mander Bolāghī ; also known as Şafar Bolāghī ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
German wine is primarily produced in the west of Germany , along the river Rhine and its tributaries , with the oldest plantations going back to the Roman era .
The Sydney Football Stadium ( SFS ) , commercially known as the Allianz Stadium since February 2012 , is a football stadium located in Moore Park , Sydney , Australia .
Hasakothur is a village in the Kammarpally mandal in the Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India .
Phaq'u Quta ( Aymara phaq'u , paqu , p'aqu light brown , reddish , blond , dark chestnut , quta lake , `` chestnut coloured lake '' ) is a lake in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department , Pedro Domingo Murillo Province , El Alto Municipality .
Santok ( ˈsantɔk ) ( German : Zantoch ) is a village in Gorzów County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Sydney / Melbourne Express was an overnight intercapital passenger train service that operated between the Australia 's largest two cities , Sydney and Melbourne , between August 1986 and November 1993 .
Cheshmeh Qandab ( Persian : چشمه قنداب‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Qandāb ; also known as Chashmeh Gandāb and Cheshmeh Gandāb ) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Asadabad County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Evinochori ( Greek : Ευηνοχώρι ) is a village and a community in the southern part of Aetolia - Acarnania , Greece .
Chrysoupoli ( Greek : Χρυσούπολη ) is a town and a former municipality in the Kavala regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
Abatos , also Abaton , was a rocky island in the Nile , Egypt near Philae , where the Egyptian priests alone were permitted to enter .
The Rouen Nordic Film Festival ( French : Festival du Cinéma Nordique ) was a film festival hold in Rouen , France for screening and competition films made in Nordic and Baltic countries , the Netherlands and Belgium .
Trollhättan Falls is a waterfall in the Göta river ( Göta älv ) in Sweden .
Dębokierz ( dɛmˈbɔkʲɛʂ ) ( German Dammbruch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The M4 motorway Usk bridge ( or St. Julians Bridge ) carries the M4 motorway across the River Usk in the city of Newport in the United Kingdom .
The Hawke Government refers to the federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister Bob Hawke of the Australian Labor Party from 1983 to 1991 .
Bačko Novo Selo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бачко Ново Село listen ) is a village in Serbia .
Cetariu ( Hungarian : Hegyközcsatár ) is a commune in Bihor County , northwestern Romania with a population of 2,124 people .
Ouanoukrim ( also Ouenkrim ) is a mountain in Morocco located south of Marrakesh .
Budwieć ( ˈbudvjɛt͡ɕ ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in northeastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
Chelav Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چلاو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Emamzadeh abdollah District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Girj Gerdeh ( Persian : گيرج گرده‎ , also Romanized as Grīj Gerdeh ; also known as Kach Kardeh , Gīj Gardan , Gīj Gerdeh , and Gīrj Gereh ) is a village in Koregah - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
If the north part of the town is a desert , the south part , a Danube flooding area known as the `` Melon Kingdom '' , from which the `` Dăbuleni '' melons , are famous in all Romania .
Poonch Airport ( also known as Poonch Airstrip ) is an airport located in Poonch , India .
Neuss ( German pronunciation : ( ˈnɔʏs ) ; spelled Neuß until 1968 ; Limburgish : Nüss ; Latin : Novaesium ) is a city in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Azhakodi Devi Temple ( Malayalam : അഴകൊടി ദേവീക്ഷേത്രം ) is a Hindu temple in Thiruthiyadu , Thiruthiyadu , Kozhikode , Kerala , India .
Dr. Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth ( PDKV or PKV ) is an agricultural university located at Akola , in Maharashtra , India , in the Vidarbha region .
The Lutheran Rahlstedt Cemetery ( German : Rahlstedter Friedhof ) is a church - operated historic burial ground in Hamburg , Germany .
Dexter Construction Limited is a construction and environmental services company based in Bedford , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Akçakent is a district of Kırşehir Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey .
Zéro Musique is a record label based in Quebec , Canada , that is mostly devoted to the work of comic François Pérusse .
Smiljan ( pronounced ( smî̞ʎan ) ) is a village in the mountainous region of Lika in Croatia .
Alto Paraíso de Goiás ( usually referred to as Alto Paraíso ) is a municipality in northeastern Goiás state , Brazil .
Glendon College ( French : Collège universitaire Glendon ) is a federated campus of York University in Toronto , Canada .
Château Palmer , is a winery in the Margaux appellation d'origine contrôlée of the Bordeaux region of France .
Brno ( English pronunciation : /ˈbɜːrnoʊ/ ; Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbr̩no ) , also known by other alternative names ) is the second largest city in the Czech Republic by population and area , the largest Moravian city , and the historical capital city of the Margraviate of Moravia .
Shandan County ( Chinese : 山丹县 ) is a county in Gansu Province , the People 's Republic of China .
Glebe Rowing Club is the third oldest rowing club in continuous operation on Sydney Harbour and was established in July 1879 in Blackwattle Bay Sydney , Australia .
Deir Jamal ( Arabic : دير جمال‎ ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate , located north of Aleppo .
Zhongbei ( Chinese : 中北 ; pinyin : Zhōngběi ; literally : `` middle north '' ) is a town in Xiqing District , in the western suburbs of Tianjin , People 's Republic of China .
Hội Khánh is a village in Vạn Ninh District in Khánh Hòa Province in central Vietnam .
Andrijaševci is a village and the eponymous municipality in Vukovar - Srijem County in eastern Croatia .
Ponte de Vilela is a medieval bridge in Portugal .
Our Lady of the Wind , Saydet El - Rih in Arabic , was built in the Byzantine era in Enfeh , Lebanon .
Burgruine Edenvest is a ruined castle in the state of Salzburg , Austria .
Dagua Airfield , also known as But East , is a former World War II airfield near Dagua , Papua New Guinea .
Bashgyugh ( Armenian : Բաշգյուղ , also Romanized as Bashgyukh ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Rano Raraku is a volcanic crater formed of consolidated volcanic ash , or tuff , and located on the lower slopes of Terevaka in the Rapa Nui National Park on Easter Island in Chile .
Mir Abdollah ( Persian : ميرعبداله‎ , also Romanized as Mīr ʿAbdollah ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Sinmunno 1-ga is a dong , neighbourhood of Jongno - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Gozón is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias , Spain , the capital of which is the village of Luanco ( Lluanco ) .
Bathore is an area just outside Tirana , the capital city of Albania in Eastern Europe .
Buckode ( Irish : Bocóid ) is a village in County Leitrim , Ireland .
Reerslev Church lies in the village of Reerslev , adjacent to Høje - Taastrup near Roskilde in Denmark .
Khaki - ye Sofla ( Persian : خاكي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khākī - ye Soflá ; also known as Khākī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Klębów ( ˈklɛmbuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan - Majorat , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The 2004 Belgian Grand Prix ( formally the LXI Belgian Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race held on 29 August 2004 , at the Circuit de Spa - Francorchamps , near the town of Spa , Belgium .
Arsanjan County ( Persian : شهرستان ارسنجان‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
The ZEEP ( Zero Energy Experimental Pile ) reactor was a nuclear reactor built at the Chalk River Laboratories near Chalk River , Ontario , Canada ( which superseded the Montreal Laboratory for nuclear research in Canada ) .
Hasroun ( also Hasrun or Hasroon , Arabic : حصرون ) is a village located in the Bsharri District in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Bongmu Leports Park is a recreational ( leisure sports ) park at PalGong mountain in Daegu , South Korea .
Spiano is a frazione ( outlying area ) of the commune of Teramo in the Abruzzo Region of Italy .
Chacarilla Canton is a canton in the La Paz Department , Bolivia .
The Circuit Trois - Rivières is a street circuit located in Trois - Rivières , Quebec , Canada and has been the home of the annual Grand Prix de Trois - Rivières since 1967 .
Bafq County ( Persian : شهرستان بافق‎ ) is a county in Yazd Province in Iran .
Jonai ( Assamese : জোনাই ) is a sub - division of Dhemaji District in the state of Assam in India .
Qalaj ( Persian : قلج‎ ) is a village in Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Guzara ( Gozareh ) is a village and the center of Guzara District in Herat Province , Afghanistan on 34.2167 ° N 62.2167 ° E at 992 m altitude .
Mazraeh - ye Emam Reza ( Persian : مزرعه امام رضا‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Emām Reẕā ) is a village in Jarqavieh Sofla Rural District , Jarqavieh Sofla District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Kalasan ( Indonesian : Candi Kalasan ) , also known as Candi Kalibening , is an 8th - century Buddhist temple in Java , Indonesia .
Mille - Îles is a provincial electoral district in Quebec , Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec .
Pukekawa volcano is located in the Lower Waikato area of the Waikato District , New Zealand .
Piazza Umberto I ( or Piazza Umberto Primo er Bytorvet i Capri ; from the 1930s , La Piazzetta , meaning `` little square '' ; nicknamed , `` the little theater of the world '' ) is the most famous square of the island of Capri , Italy .
Cult MTL is an English language arts , culture and news website and monthly print publication , based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Uncle Tony 's Kebabs was an independent specialty fast food retail franchise in Australia that traded from 1983 to 2007 at up to 22 outlets .
Pantip Plaza is an indoor IT shopping mall located on New Phetchaburi Road in Ratchathewi district , Bangkok , Thailand .
Agh Dunlu ( Persian : اغدونلو‎ , also Romanized as Āgh Dūnlū and Āgh Davanlū ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Novopoltavka ( Ukrainian : Новополтавка ) - is a village in Ukraine .
Olocau ( Valencian : Olocau de Carraixet ; Spanish : Olocau ) is a municipality in the comarca of Camp de Túria in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Rotspitz ( literally redpeak ) is a mountain in Liechtenstein , located close to the Swiss border , due east of the Swiss town of Wartau .
Blokhus ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˈblɔɡhuːˀs ) ) is a small town with a population of 441 ( 1 January 2014 ) in the municipality of Jammerbugt in Denmark , on the north - west coast of the Jutland Peninsula .
Lonau is a small village with a population of about 345 situated at an elevation of about 400 m in the Harz Mountains of Northern Germany .
The Musée national Eugène Delacroix , also known as the Musée Delacroix , is an art museum dedicated to painter Eugène Delacroix ( 1798 - -1863 ) and located in the 6th arrondissement at 6 , rue de Furstenberg , Paris , France .
The Victorious cave near the Dangi Canyon in Aravan , Kyrgyzstan .
Known as the `` hidden Jewel of the U.S .- Russia Maritime Boundary , '' Bering Island is treeless , desolate and experiences severe weather , including high winds , persistent fog and earthquakes .
Mjellby Art Museum is situated 4 km outside Halmstad , Sweden .
The 2010 Veikkausliiga was the eightieth season of top - tier football in Finland .
The Red Pillar is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 33 km ( 21 mi ) southwest of Courtenay and 17 km ( 11 mi ) south of Mount Albert Edward .
Free Voters tend to be most successful in rural areas of Southern Germany , appealing the most to conservative voters who prefer local decisions to party politics .
Bukówno ( buˈkuvnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Kasrık mine is a large mine in the south - east of Turkey in Mardin Province 743 km south - east of the capital , Ankara .
Arnafjord Church ( Norwegian : Arnafjord kyrkje ) is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Fjærlandsfjorden is a fjord in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Pristava pri Leskovcu ( pronounced ( pɾiˈstaːʋa pɾi lɛˈskoːu̯tsu ) ) is a settlement south of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Federal Association of Liberal Students Groups ( German : Bundesverband Liberaler Hochschulgruppen ; short : LHG ) is a student association in the Federal Republic of Germany supporting liberal political issues .
Szeligi - Leśnica ( ʂɛˈliɡi lɛɕˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Södertörn is a roughly triangular island in eastern Södermanland , Sweden , which is bordered by :
Podromanija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Подроманија ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Louveigné is a village in the municipality of Sprimont , province of Liège , Belgium .
Freattyda ( Greek : Φρεαττύδα ) is the name of a residential area in Piraeus , Greece .
Juvincourt Airfield is an abandoned military airfield , which is located near the commune of Juvincourt - et - Damary in the Aisne department of northern France .
Kibumbu is a town in central Muramvya , Burundi , Africa .
Castelo de Sesimbra , also known as Castelo dos Mouros , is a castle located in the village of the same name , parish of Castelo , Sesimbra municipality , district of Setúbal , Portugal .
Marden Airfield was an airfield in Marden , Kent , United Kingdom .
Zielona Góra Airport ( Polish : Port Lotniczy Zielona Góra - Babimost ) ( IATA : IEG , ICAO : EPZG ) is a regional airport located within the greater Zielona Góra agglomeration ( the so - called Lubusian Tri - city ) in western Poland .
Tameshkol ( Persian : تمشكل‎ ) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District , Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Deh - e Rahman ( Persian : ده رحمان‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Raḩmān ; also known as Raḩmān ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Demerje is a settlement within the City of Zagreb , Croatia .
Vishaj is a village in the former municipality of Vaqarr in Tirana County , Albania .
Eduardo Castex is a small city , capital of Conhelo , in La Pampa Province , Argentina .
Hingod ( Somali : Xingood ) is a town in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
Quévert ( Breton : Kever , Gallo : Qevèr ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor ( Aodoù - an - Arvor ) department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Mokra Gora ( Serbian : Мокра Гора , pronounced ( mɔ̝̂kraː ɡɔ̝̌ra ) ) , meaning the Wet Mountain in English , is a village in Serbia on the northern slopes of mountain Zlatibor .
Kashot ( Persian : کَشات‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Kluang Airport ( ICAO : WMAP ) is an airport in Kluang , a town in the state of Johor in Malaysia .
Mèze ( Phoenician : Mansa , in occitan Mesa ) is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France .
Mathraki ( Greek : Μαθράκι , older form : Μαθράκιον ) is an island and a former community of the Ionian Islands , Greece .
Yzerfontein is a small harbour town with about 1200 inhabitants on the west coast of South Africa about 90 km north of Cape Town .
The Hermannsdenkmal ( German for `` Hermann Monument '' ) is a monument located southwest of Detmold in the district of Lippe , ( North Rhine - Westphalia ) in Germany .
Chhindgarh is a Tehsil headquarters in the District of Sukma of Chhattisgarh , India .
The Sutyagin House was a wooden house in Arkhangelsk , Russia .
Pamplona Airport is an airport in Pamplona , Spain ( IATA : PNA , ICAO : LEPP ) .
Jaungulbene parish ( Latvian : Jaungulbenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Gulbene Municipality , Latvia .
Chyasal ( Nepali : च्यासल , Nepal Bhasa:च्यास : ) is an ancient town in the District of Lalitpur in Bagmati Zone in Nepal .
Fossil Downs Station is a pastoral lease and cattle station located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) North East of Fitzroy Crossing in the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
Dalseo District ( Dalseo - gu ) is a district in western Daegu , South Korea .
Callao Cave is one of the limestone caves located in the Municipality of Peñablanca , Cagayan province , in the Philippines .
Phou Bia ( Lao : ພູເບັ້ຍ ) is the highest mountain in Laos and is located in the Annamese Cordillera , at the southern limit of the Xiangkhoang Plateau in Xiangkhouang Province .
The Derrynasaggart Mountains are a mountain range in County Cork , Ireland .
Lwangghale or Lwang - Ghalel is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal .
James Price Point is a headland in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia .
Knežja Njiva ( pronounced ( ˈkneːʒja ˈnjiːʋa ) ) is a small village to the northeast above Markovec in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Grosvenor Chambers at number 9 Collins Street , Melbourne was Australia 's first custom built complex of artist 's studios .
Kaldageh ( Persian : كلدگه‎ ; also known as Kaltageh ) is a village in Behi - e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Store Lenangstind is a mountain in the municipality of Lyngen in Troms county , Norway .
Jumeira Baccalaureate School ( JBS ) is a Pre K-12 school in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Kureh Rudbar ( Persian : كوره رودبار‎ , also Romanized as Kūreh Rūdbār ) is a village in Yeylaqi - ye Ardeh Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
On its northeastern end the 170 metres ( 560 ft ) tall Yanggakdo International Hotel is located , the second tallest building in North Korea .
The Noye is a river in the Picardy region of northern France .
Asbgaran ( Persian : اسبگران‎ , also Romanized as Asbgarān and Asb Gerān ) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Friedhof Heerstraße cemetery is located at Trakehnerallee 1 ( Trakehner avenue No.1 ) , district of Charlottenburg - Wilmersdorf in Berlin , Germany , beneath the Olympiastadion .
The Dominion Network was set up as a complementary network to the CBC 's main English service which became known as the Trans - Canada Network .
Rakovník ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈrakovɲiːk ) , German : Rakonitz ) is a town in the western part of the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic located between the cities of Prague and Plzeň .
Salvaterra de Magos ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˌsaɫvɐˈtɛʁɐ ðɨ ˈmaɣuʃ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Santarém in Portugal .
Zgornja Polskava ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja pɔlˈskaːʋa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Carcaixent ( Valencian pronunciation : ( kaɾkajˈʃent ) , Spanish : Carcagente ) is a town and municipality in the province of Valencia , eastern Spain , with c. 20,000 inhabitants .
Pyynikki is a cultural and heritage attraction in Tampere , Finland .
Brievengat ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbri.və(ŋ).ˌɣɑt ) ) is a small town in northeast Curaçao .
Pichoy Airfield ( Spanish : Aeródromo Pichoy , IATA : ZAL , ICAO : SCVD ) is a public use airport located 24 kilometres ( 15 mi ) north - northeast of Valdivia , Los Lagos , Chile .
The Christmas Creek mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia , 61 kilometres south - south - west of Nullagine , in the Chichester Range .
Feblasheh ( Persian : فبلشه‎ ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
General Elizardo Aquino is a town in the San Pedro department of Paraguay .
Ogea Driki ( pronounced ( oˈŋea ˈndriki ) ) is a coral atoll ( covering approximately 4 square kilometers ) in Fiji 's Southern Lau Group .
Dreglin ( ˈdrɛɡlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Briggs Preparatory School is a private primary school in Trinidad and Tobago .
Karnowo ( karˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Werthheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Reeshof ( also known as Tilburg Reeshof ) , is a district of the municipality Tilburg in the Netherlands .
Akershus County Municipality ( Norwegian : Akershus fylkeskommune ) is the regional governing administration of Akershus , Norway .
Kokkola railway station ( Finnish : Kokkolan rautatieasema , Swedish : Karleby järnvägsstation ) is located in the town of Kokkola , Central Ostrobothnia , Finland .
Innertkirchen is a village and municipality in the Interlaken - Oberhasli administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Türkəncil ( also , Turkyandzhil and Turkyandzhil '' ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Catacombs of Marcellinus and Peter are ancient catacombs situated on the 3rd mile of the ancient Via Labicana , today Via Casilina in Rome , Italy , near the church of Santi Marcellino e Pietro ad Duas Lauros .
Douleb ( Arabic : الدولاب ‎ ) is a small town in north - central Tunisia , belongs to Sbeitla in the Kasserine Governorate .
The Autopista Chamapa - La Venta is a toll road in Greater Mexico City .
Nowa Wieś Prudnicka ( ˈnɔva ˈvʲɛɕ prudˈɲit͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Poľana is a small mountain range in central Slovakia .
The Malargüe River ( in Spanish : Río Malargüe ) is a river located in the southern zone of the Mendoza Province , in the west of Argentina .
The Tukituki River is found in the eastern North Island of New Zealand .
The Sir Joseph Banks Group is an archipelago of 21 small islands with a collective land area of 1,275 hectares ( 3,150 acres ) located in Spencer Gulf about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) off the eastern coast of the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia .
San Felice del Molise ( also called Štifilić or Filić ) is a small town and comune in the province of Campobasso in the Molise region of Italy , near the Trigno river .
Kinkerbuurt is the neighborhood in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Agaps is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
As of the 2001 India census , Kanhan ( Pipri ) had a population of 21,840 .
Mutton Island is an uninhabited island in Galway Bay , Ireland , about 1.25 km ( 0.8 mi ) from the mainland near Baile an Tsaigart .
Bithugalgama is a village in Balangoda town of Sabaragamuwa Province , Sri Lanka .
Bhiria road is a city in Naushahro Firoz District in Sindh province of Pakistan .
Kvalsund Church ( Norwegian : Kvalsund kirke ) is a parish church in Kvalsund Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Vørðufelli is a mountain overlooking the village Sørvágur on the Faroe Islands .
Lumnamping College is a private college located in Tak , Thailand .
Terjola ( Georgian : თერჯოლა ) is a town in Imereti , Georgia , serving as an administrative center of the homonymous district .
Žitorađa ( Serbian Cyrillic : Житорађа , pronounced ( ʒîtorad͡ʑa ) ) is a village and municipality in the Toplica District of Serbia .
Pulau Seringat is an island off the south coast of Singapore , and part of the Southern Islands region .
Sicogon is an island in northern Iloilo , which is part of the municipality of Carles , Iloilo , Philippines .
Ryazan Oblast ( Russian : Ряза́нская о́бласть , tr . Ryazanskaya oblast ; IPA : ( rʲɪˈzanskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ ) ) is a federal subject of Russia ( an oblast ) .
Mazraeh - ye Aqamiri ( Persian : مزرعه اقاميري‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Āqāmīrī ) is a village in Rahjerd - e Sharqi Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Tatamailau ( Tetum : Foho Tatamailau ) , or Tata Mailau , sometimes referred as Mount Ramelau , is the highest mountain in East Timor and also of Timor island at 2,986 m ( 9,797 ft ) .
Richmond - Wolfe ( or Richmond et Wolfe ) was a former provincial electoral district in the province of Quebec , Canada .
Mazraeh - ye Aqa ( Persian : مزرعه اقا‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Āqā ) is a village in Rabatat Rural District , Kharanaq District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 137 , in 41 families .
Churu ( Rajasthani : चूरु ) is a city in the desert region of Rajasthan state of India .
Fundación Educacional Santiago College is a private educational ( PK-12 ) institution founded in 1880 and located in Lo Barnechea , Santiago de Chile .
Cham Sorkheh ( Persian : چم سرخه‎ ) is a village in Qalayi Rural District , Firuzabad District , Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kalak Bisheh - ye Asad ( Persian : كلك بيشه اسد‎ , also Romanized as Kalaḵ Bīsheh - ye Āsad ) is a village in Malavi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Grindlays was taken over by Australia and New Zealand Banking Group in 1984 and renamed ANZ Grindlays Bank .
The National Institute of Circus Arts ( NICA ) is the only government - accredited institution that provides professional training in contemporary circus arts in Australia .
Cerkvišče ( pronounced ( tsɛɾˈkʋiːʃtʃɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Museu Lasar Segall ( in English : Lasar Segall Museum ) is an art museum in São Paulo , Brazil .
Melakkam is a location in Manjeri Municipality in Malappuram district of Kerala State of south India .
The Christchurch Convention Centre was New Zealand 's only purpose - built Convention Centre .
The Royal Museum for Central Africa or RMCA ( Dutch : Koninklijk Museum voor Centraal -Afrika or KMMA ; French : Musée royal de l'Afrique centrale or MRAC ) , colloquially known as the Africa Museum , is an ethnography and natural history museum situated in Tervuren in Flemish Brabant , Belgium , just outside Brussels .
FC Torpedo Zaporizhya is a former professional football team based in Zaporizhya , Ukraine .
Mmabatho ( Setswana for `` Mother of the People '' ) is the former capital of the North - West Province of South Africa .
The Internationalist Communist Organisation ( French : Organisation Communiste Internationaliste , OCI ) was a Trotskyist political party in France .
Mezmazak ( also , Mazmazak ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nedenes District Court ( Norwegian : Nedenes tingrett ) was a court of first instance under Agder Court of Appeal in Norway .
Katedralskolan i Åbo ( The Cathedral School of Åbo ) is the Swedish - language upper secondary school of Turku , located at the Old Great Square ( the town , former capital of Finland , is known as Åbo in Swedish ) .
Transforming Stories International Christian Film Festival ( TSICFF ) is an annual Christian film industry film festival held in South Africa .
The Kirchberg convent ( also the Monastery Kirchberg ) is a monastery located in Sulz am Neckar in Baden - Wuerttemberg , Germany .
Bafoulabé is a town and rural commune in south - western Mali .
According to human rights organization B'Tselem , the state of Israel itself has argued that much of Ofra is built on privately owned Palestinian land , making it also unlawful according to Israeli law .
Yam Cheshmeh ( Persian : يام چشمه‎ , also Romanized as Yām Cheshmeh and Yām Chashmeh ; also known as Yān Chashmeh ) is a village in Dodangeh - ye Olya Rural District , Ziaabad District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport ( also known as Winnipeg International Airport or simply Winnipeg Airport ) ( IATA : YWG , ICAO : CYWG ) is an international airport located in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Karelia ( Karelian , Finnish and Estonian : Karjala ; Russian : Карелия , Kareliya ; Swedish : Karelen ) , the land of the Karelian peoples , is an area in Northern Europe of historical significance for Finland , Russia , and Sweden .
Eissporthalle an der Jafféstraße was a 6,000-capacity indoor arena located in Charlottenburg - Wilmersdorf , Berlin , Germany .
Mys Shmidta Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Мыс Шмидта ) ( ICAO : UHMI ) , also known as Cape Shmidt Airport , is a former military airbase in the Iultinsky District of Chukotka , Russia .
Beara ( Irish : Béarra ) or the Beara Peninsula is a peninsula on the south - west coast of Ireland , bounded between the Kenmare `` river '' ( actually a bay ) to the north side and Bantry Bay to the south .
Lara Sporting Club plays in the AFL Barwon Football League in Victoria , Australia .
Sackheim Church ( German : Sackheimer Kirche ) was a Protestant church in the Sackheim quarter of Königsberg , Germany .
Oliphant 's Gym , also known as Oliphant 's Academy of Physical Culture , is a historic gym in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Inka Paqcha ( Quechua Inka Inca , phaqcha , locally paqcha , waterfall , `` Inca waterfall '' , also spelled Incapaccha ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,400 metres ( 14,436 ft ) high .
The Sierra Mágina is a massif mostly in the province of Jaén ( southern Spain ) , part of the Cordillera Subbética .
The Kent Air Ambulance is an organisation providing emergency medical services through the provision of a helicopter air ambulance covering the county of Kent in the South East of England , United Kingdom .
Cinc Sentits is a Michelin starred restaurant in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain run by self - taught Chef - Owner Jordi Artal and Maitre - Owner Amèlia Artal .
Band - e Now Do ( Persian : بندنودو‎ ; also known as Chāh - e Band - e Now and Chāh - i - Band - i - Nau ) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Fasta Åland ( Finnish : Manner - Ahvenanmaa or Ahvenanmanner , meaning mainland Åland ) is the largest and most populous island of Åland , an autonomous province of Finland .
Zhympity ( Russian : Жымпиты ) is a selo in north - western Kazakhstan .
The Glory Memorial is a former memorial located in Kutaisi , Georgia and designed by Merab Berdzenishvili .
Hollands Landing is a village in central Gippsland , Victoria , Australia .
Kärnäkoski Fortress is a bastion fortress in Finland located in Kärnäkoski , Savitaipale built by Russia between 1791 and 1793 to protect Saint Petersburg .
The American Society of Dental Surgeons ( ASDS ) was the first national dental organization formed in the United States of America .
The Château de Fondat is a château in the French commune of Saint - Justin , in Landes , Aquitane , France .
The Balta Mică a Brăilei Natural Park ( Romanian : Parcul Natural Balta Mică a Brăilei ) is a protected area ( natural park category V IUCN ) is situated in Romania , in Brăila County , in administrative territory of communes Berteștii de Jos , Chiscani , Gropeni , Mărașu and Stăncuța .
The Northern Luzon Heroes Hill National Park is a national park in the Republic of the Philippines , located in the municipalities of Santa and partly in Narvacan in Ilocos Sur province .
The Arapey Grande River is a river in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay .
Lociki ( or Lotsiki ) ( Latvian : Lociki ( Lāči ) ; Russian : Лоцики ) is a village located 12 km northeast of Daugavpils , Latvia , in Naujene parish , Daugavpils district , Latgale region .
The Vostok mine is a large copper mine located in the center of Russia in Krasnoyarsk Krai .
Heiligenburg Castle ( German : Burg Heiligenburg ) is a castle on the hill of Heiligenberg in the district of Schwalm - Eder - Kreis , Hesse , Germany .
Northern Peninsula Airport ( IATA : ABM , ICAO : YNPE ) is an airport serving Bamaga , a town near the northern tip of the Cape York Peninsula and is located 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) southeast of Injinoo in Queensland , Australia .
Hildebrandshausen / Lengenfeld unterm Stein is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft in the district of Unstrut - Hainich in Thuringia , Germany .
Dufferin Street is a major north - south street in Toronto and York Region , Ontario , Canada .
Makineh Nasiri ( Persian : مكينه نصيري‎‎ , also Romanized as Maḵīneh Naṣīrī ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pha Bong ( Thai : ผาบ่อง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Mae Hong Son District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
Lengpui Airport ( IATA : AJL , ICAO : VELP ) is an domestic airport in Aizawl , Mizoram , India .
Veever 's Falls is a 12 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found on private property , ( private with permission to access ) , in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
These Cenozoic sedimentary formation cliffs are a unique geological feature on the otherwise flat Kerala coast , and is known among geologists as Varkala Formation and a geological monument as declared by the Geological Survey of India .
Renco is a village in Masvingo Province , Zimbabwe and is located 70 km ( 43 mi ) from Masvingo .
The Las Manzanas River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( las manˈsanas ) ) is a river of Guatemala .
An independent weekly published in Sydney , but read all over Australia , Smith 's Weekly was one of Australia 's most patriotic newspaper - style magazines .
Estádio José de Melo , sometimes called Stadium José de Melo , is a multi - use stadium located in Rio Branco , Brazil .
Opunake High School is a state secondary school for years 9 to 13 boys and girls in Opunake , New Zealand .
Chapdar ( Persian : چپدر‎ , also Romanized as Chabdar ; also known as Choghābdār and Choqāb Dār ) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Tuntsa Wilderness Area ( Finnish : Tuntsan erämaa ) is a wilderness reserve in the municipalities of Salla and Savukoski in Lapland , Finland .
Jalan Merlimau - Jasin , ( Malacca state route ) is a major road in Malacca state , Malaysia .
Białostoczek was a village in Poland that was incorporated , on 10 May 1919 , into the city of Białystok as Osiedle Białostoczek .
Wabakimi Provincial Park is a wilderness park located to the northwest of Lake Nipigon and northwest of Armstrong Station in the province of Ontario , Canada .
Brežice ( Slovene pronunciation : ( ˈbrèːʒit͡sɛ ) ; German : Rann ( ʁan ) ) is a town in eastern Slovenia in the Lower Sava Valley , near the Croatian border .
Midden - Zeeland Airport ( ICAO : EHMZ ) , also known as Zeeland Airport , is an airport located 5 NM ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) east northeast of Middelburg , Zeeland in the Netherlands , just south of the Veerse Meer lagoon .
Kiangsu and Chekiang Primary School ( also called as KCPS ) is a co - educational primary school in North Point , Hong Kong founded in 1953 by the Kiangsu and Chekiang Residents ' Association of Hong Kong .
Tromsøya ( Northern Sami : Romssasuolu ) is a small island in the Tromsøysundet strait between the mainland and Kvaløya island in Tromsø municipality , Troms county , Norway .
Vigipirate ( French : Plan Vigipirate ) is France 's national security alert system .
Jabal Awliya ( Jabal al Awliyā ' , Jebel Aulia , Gebel Aulia ) is a village in the north - central part of Sudan , about 40 km south of Khartoum .
Wola Olszowa ( ˈvɔla ɔlˈʂɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Bureau Bijzondere Opdrachten ( BBO , `` Office of Special Assignments '' ) was a Dutch secret service during World War II . The BBO dispatched secret agents to the German - occupied Netherlands , where they supported the local resistance and carried out sabotage activities .
The Roman bridge on Ilidža ( Bosnian , Croatian and Serbian : Rimski Most / Римски мост ) is a bridge located in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
FC OPA ( FC Oulun Pallo ) is a football club from Oulu , Finland .
Castillos is a small city in the Rocha Department of southeastern Uruguay .
Brvace ( pronounced ( bəɾˈʋaːtsɛ ) ) is a small settlement just northwest of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
The series Geografija Slovenije ( English Geography of Slovenia ) , published by the Anton Melik Geographical Institute , was founded in 1998 to publish the latest findings in Slovenian geography research .
Perseverance Harbour , also known as South harbour , is a large indentation in the coast of Campbell Island , one of New Zealand 's subantarctic outlying islands .
Krajewo ( kraˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo - Osada , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The University of Harderwijk ( 1648 - -1811 ) , also named the Guelders Academy ( Latin : Academia Gelro - Zutphanica ) , was located in the town of Harderwijk , in the Republic of the United Provinces ( now : the Netherlands ) .
In addition to playing host to the Western Mustangs teams , TD Stadium was also used as the main venue for the 2001 Canada Summer Games .
Maxwell International School was a co - ed Bahá'í school located on Shawnigan Lake , British Columbia , Canada .
The Little Clyde River is a river in the municipality of Lanark Highlands , Lanark County in Eastern Ontario , Canada .
Parli - I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala , India .
Iška Vas ( pronounced ( ˈiːʃka ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Iška vas , German : Iggdorf ) is a village on the right bank of the Iška River in the Municipality of Ig in central Slovenia , just south of the capital Ljubljana .
The University of Jos ( UNIJOS ) , abbreviated as Unijos , is a federal university in Jos , Plateau State , central Nigeria .
Cà Mau ( listen ) is a city in southern Vietnam .
Akimoto has expanded the AKB48 concept to several sister groups in Japan , China and Indonesia .
Stade Boy Konen is a sports venue in the Cessange quarter of Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
The County of Montechiarugolo was a small sovereign state of northern Italy which existed from 1456 to 1612 .
Vallon - Pont - d'Arc ( occitan : Valon ) is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France .
Mojinete is a town in Sur Lipez Province in the Potosí Department of southern Bolivia .
The Tainan Municipal Baseball Stadium ( Chinese : 台南市立棒球場 ; pinyin : Táinán Shìlì Bàngqiúchǎng ) is a baseball stadium in Tainan City , Taiwan .
Simansky Log ( Russian : Сима́нский Лог ) is a village in Strugo - Krasnensky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia .
The Fuente del Ángel Caído ( Fountain of the Fallen Angel or Monument of the Fallen Angel ) is a highlight of the Buen Retiro Park in Madrid , Spain .
Grzęzno ( ˈɡʐɛ̃znɔ ) ( German : Weitenhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Lango College is an all - boys O and A level boarding secondary school located in Lira District , two and half kilometres north of town on Lira Gulu highway Uganda .
The large Miramar Peninsula is on the southeastern side of the city of Wellington , New Zealand , at the entrance to Wellington Harbour , in Wellington 's eastern suburbs .
Rivière Blanche / Cardinal Aviation Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CRB7 ) is an aerodrome located on the Rivière Blanche , north of Gatineau , Quebec , Canada .
Arłamów Airport ( Polish : Lotnisko Krajna ) ( IATA : N / A , ICAO : EPAR ) is a former government airport in the extreme southeast of Poland ( near the Ukraine border ) , in gmina Bircza .
Taulé ( Breton : Taole ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Lysi ( Greek : Λύση , Turkish : Akdoğan ) is a village located in the Mesaoria plain in Cyprus , north of the city of Larnaca .
The Rapahoe Branch is a branch line railway that forms part of New Zealand 's national rail network and is located on the West Coast of the South Island .
Huddard High School , is a private , CISCE - affiliated high school in the city of Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Wad Banda is a town in North Kurdufan State in central Sudan 110 kilometres west of El Obeid , near En Nahud
German submarine U-973 was a Type VIIC U - boat built for service in Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during Second World War .
The Narromine News is a newspaper published bi - weekly in Narromine , New South Wales , Australia .
Ngazobil ( also called Ngasobil ) is a village in Senegal , located on the Petite Côte , south of Dakar .
John Shorter Pty Ltd remained the Doulton agents in Australia until 1979 , when Royal Doulton Australia was established .
Gymnázium Christiana Dopplera ( commonly abbreviated as GChD ) is a public secondary school located in the Malá Strana district of Prague , Czech Republic .
Barranquilla 's Carnival ( Spanish : Carnaval de Barranquilla ) is Colombia 's most important folklore celebration , and one of the biggest carnival in the world .
The Bornite Range is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges , located just northeast of Terrace on the north side of Kleanza Creek in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Załęcze Landscape Park ( Załęczański Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in central Poland .
The University of Münster ( German : Westfälische Wilhelms - Universität Münster , WWU ) is a public university located in the city of Münster , North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany .
Uunartoq Qeqertaq , Greenlandic for `` The Warming Island '' , is an island , that was only acknowledged as such in September 2005 , by an American explorer Dennis Schmitt , off the east central coast of Greenland , 550 km ( 340 mi ) north of the Arctic Circle .
The Kızıldere Geothermal Power Plant ( Turkish : Kızıldere Jeotermal Elektrik Santralı ) is a geothermal power plant located at Kızıldere village of Sarayköy district in Denizli Province , southwestern Turkey .
Dikgatlong Local Municipality is an administrative area in the Frances Baard District of the Northern Cape in South Africa .
Saint Margaret 's Chapel , Epfig is an 11th - century Romanesque church in the hamlet of Saint Margaret , near Epfig in the Lower Rhine Department of Alsace , France .
Aosta Valley Airport formerly Corrado Gex Airport ( Italian : Aeroporto della Valle d'Aosta , French : Aéroport de la Vallée d'Aoste ) ( IATA : AOT , ICAO : LIMW ) is an airport located in Saint - Christophe and serving Aosta , a city in the Aosta Valley region of Italy .
Zunil ( Spanish pronunciation : ( suˈnil ) ) is a municipality in the Quetzaltenango department of Guatemala with a surface area of 92 square kilometres ( 36 sq mi ) .
Situated for the most part in Saharan lowlands of northeast Algeria , the Grand Erg Oriental covers an area some 600 km wide by 200 km north to south .
Bardzynin ( barˈd͡zɨnin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Privolzhsk ( Russian : Приво́лжск ) is a town and the administrative center of Privolzhsky District in Ivanovo Oblast , Russia , located on the Shacha River ( right tributary of the Volga ) 51 kilometers ( 32 mi ) northeast of Ivanovo , the administrative center of the oblast .
Kafeh Hajjiabad ( Persian : كافه حاجي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kāfeh Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Janików - Folwark ( jaˈnikuf ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ayikel ( also known as Chilga ) is a town in western Ethiopia .
Heho ( Burmese : ဟဲဟိုး ) is a small town in Kalaw Township , Taunggyi District , Shan State of Myanmar ( formerly Burma ) .
Dhemaji ( Pron : deɪˈmɑ : ʤi or di:ˈmɑ : ʤi ) ( Assamese : ধেমাজি ) is the headquarters of Dhemaji district , Assam , India .
Airdlin is a suburb of Sandton in the Gauteng province of South Africa .
Selfors Church ( Norwegian : Selfors kirke ) is a rented parish church ( owned by the Catholic church ) in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
The Western Guard Party ( founded in 1972 as the Western Guard ) was a white supremacist group based in Toronto , Canada .
The Frankfurt City Forest or Frankfurter Stadtwald is a forest district in the south of Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
The Middlesex Guildhall is the home of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom and of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council .
Somosomo is a chiefly village in Taveuni , which is the island where the International Date Line crosses on land in Fiji .
Keskal is a town in Kondagaon district formerly in Madhya Pradesh and now in Chhattisgarh , India .
Castlegregory ( Irish : Caisleán Ghriaire ) is a village in County Kerry , Ireland .
The Mau Escarpment is a fault scarp running along the western edge of the Great Rift Valley in Kenya .
Bugae Station is a subway station located in Bupyeong - gu , a district in Incheon , South Korea .
Viridor ( from the Latin ' to become green ' ) is a recycling , renewable energy and waste management company in the United Kingdom , owned by Pennon Group , a FTSE 250 plc focused on the water and waste management industries .
RAK Studios is a recording studio complex with residential facilities located near Regent 's Park in central London , United Kingdom .
Sparrenberg Castle , also known as the Sparrenburg ( German : Burg und Festung Sparrenberg or Sparrenburg ) , is a restored fortress in the Bielefeld - Mitte district of Bielefeld , Germany .
Thazhathu Kulakkada is a small village in Kollam district of Kerala state in India .
Emen is a village in Veliko Tarnovo Municipality , Veliko Tarnovo Province , Bulgaria , famous for the nearby caves and canyon .
Bani Jamra ( Arabic : بني جمرة‎ ) is a village in the north - west of Bahrain .
Dolacino ( dɔlaˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German : Emilienhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Šahbegovići ( Serbian : Шахбеговићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
German submarine U-859 was a Type IXD2 U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was one of a select number of U - boats to join Monsun Gruppe or Monsoon Group , which operated in the Far East alongside the Imperial Japanese Navy .
Prlekija is a region in northeastern Slovenia between the Drava and Mura rivers .
The Kothduwa temple , or Koth Duwa Raja Maha Viharaya , is a Buddhist temple located on Kothduwa Island on the Maduganga river in southern Sri Lanka .
Adamson University ( AdU ) is a private and Catholic university in Manila , Philippines , founded on June 20 , 1932 by Greek immigrant George Lucas Adamson as the Adamson School of Industrial Chemistry .
Dedhgaun ( or Dedgaun ) is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal .
Tenja is a village in eastern Slavonia , Croatia , located just southeast of Osijek .
Slemen ( Serbian Cyrillic : Слемен ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia , near the town of Knjaževac .
Faqerlu ( Persian : فاقرلو‎ , also Romanized as Fāqerlū ; also known as Fāghelū and Fāqehlū ) is a village in Hendudur Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Stalag Luft VI was a German prisoner - of - war camp during World War II located near the town of Heydekrug , Memelland ( now Šilutė in Lithuania ) .
The 1900 Summer Olympics ( French : Les Jeux olympiques d'été de 1900 ) , today officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad , was an international multi - sport event which was celebrated in 1900 in Paris , France , and the last Summer Olympics to be held in the 19th century .
Chauk ( Burmese : ချောက် ) is a town and river port in Magway Region , north - central Myanmar , on the Irrawaddy River .
Pohja ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈpohjɑ ) ; Swedish : Pojo ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Sha'ar HaGolan ( Hebrew : שַׁעַר הַגּוֹלָן , lit . Gate of the Golan ) is a kibbutz situated at the foot of the Golan Heights in the Jordan Valley area of north - eastern Israel .
Juan Perez Sound is a sound off the east coast of Moresby Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia , Canada .
Kasma Science Fiction Magazine ( ISSN 1920 - 5686 ) is a free online science fiction magazine based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , founded in 2009 by Alex Korovessis .
Saarburg ( pop . ~6,700 ) is a city of the Trier - Saarburg district in the Rhineland - Palatinate state of Germany , on the banks of the Saar River in the hilly country a few kilometers upstream from the Saar 's junction with the Moselle .
Sankt Ruprecht - Falkendorf is a small village of about 534 inhabitants in the District Murau , Styria in central Austria .
Nivsky ( Russian : Ни́вский ) is a rural inhabited locality under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of Kandalaksha , Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Hoseynabad - e Mish Mast ( Persian : حسين ابادميش مست‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Mīsh Mast ; also known as Ḩasanābād - e Mīsh Mast , Ḩoseynābād , and Husainābād ) is a village in Qanavat Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Mompach ( Luxembourgish : Mompech ) is a commune and village in eastern Luxembourg .
Kameng Elephant Reserve is an 1,894 km2 ( 731 sq mi ) Elephant Reserve established June 19 , 2002 in the Himalayan foothills of West Kameng and East Kameng Districts of Arunachal Pradesh , India .
Malbazar subdivision , also known as Mal subdivision , is a subdivision of the Jalpaiguri district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Deh - e Sohrab ( Persian : ده سهراب‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Sohrāb and Dehsohrāb ) is a village in Rigan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gabrsko ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbəɾskɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trbovlje in central Slovenia .
Mazraeh - ye Fathabad ( Persian : مزرعه فتح اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Fatḩābād ) is a village in Rahmat Rural District , Seyyedan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 10 , in 4 families .
The Marlborough Sounds Important Bird Areas are four distinct sites comprising several small , rocky islets contained within an area with a maximum linear extent of 40 km , in New Zealand .
Poreč , Poreče or Porečje , is a region in the Republic of Macedonia which includes the Makedonski Brod Municipality , and the western part of the Prilep Municipality .
Cham Nuzdeh ( Persian : چم نوزده‎ , also Romanized as Cham Nūzdeh ; also known as Cham Nūzdeh - ye Olyā ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Collooney railway station serves the town of Collooney in County Sligo , Ireland .
Westerdeichstrich is a municipality belonging to the Amt ( `` collective municipality '' ) Büsum - Wesselburen in the district Dithmarschen in Schleswig - Holstein on the West Coast of Germany .
San Esteban de Gormaz is a municipality in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile - Leon , Spain .
Nosara Airport ( IATA : NOB , ICAO : MRNS ) is an airport that serves Nosara , Costa Rica .
Cham Jamal Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چم جمال‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The National Museum of Computing is a museum in the United Kingdom dedicated to collecting and restoring historic computer systems .
The San Giorgio Monastery ( English : St. George Monastery ) was a Benedictine monastery in Venice , Italy , located on the island of San Giorgio Maggiore .
Sigve and Aksel is a mountain , located in Vingsand , Norway .
The Nagpur Central Museum , known as Ajab Bangla , is located in Nagpur , Maharashtra , India .
Kaziopole ( kaʑɔˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Indira Gandhi Arena or Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium , is located at the Indraprastha Estate in the eastern region of New Delhi , It is the largest indoor sports arena in India and the third - largest in Asia .
The Théniet El Had National Park is one of the 10 national parks of Algeria .
Lake Baskunchak ( Russian : Баскунчак ) is a salt lake of 115 km² in Astrakhan Oblast , Russia , located at 48 ° 10′N 46 ° 53′E , about 270 km north of the Caspian Sea , and 53 km east of the Volga .
Boumagueur ( Arabic : بــومقر‎ , Berber : ⴱⵓⵎⴰⴳⴻⵔ ) is a town in northeast of Algeria .
Karamürsel is a town and district located in northwestern Turkey , in the province of Kocaeli .
Xiangyun Airport is an airport , located west of Xiangyun ( Yunnan Province ) in the People 's Republic of China .
Bad Berka 's Zentralklinik has since gained a reputation as a center of medicinal expertise far beyond the boundaries of Germany .
Rovinj / Rovigno ( Croatian pronounced ( rǒʋiːɲ ) ; Italian : Rovigno , Ancient Greek : Ρυγίνιον ( Ryginion ) , Latin : Ruginium ) is a city in Croatia situated on the north Adriatic Sea with a population of 14,294 ( as of 2011 ) .
Barzanun ( Persian : برزنون‎ , also Romanized as Barzanūn and Borzenūn ) is a village in Barzanun Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sandton is an affluent area situated within the metro of Johannesburg , Gauteng , South Africa .
The Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa ( SNS ) is a public higher learning institution in Pisa , Italy .
Adony Subregion was a subregion in Fejér County , Hungary .
Castelo de Bode Dam is a concrete arch - gravity dam on the Zêzere River , a tributary of the Tagus River , located southwest of Tomar and north of Constância , in Santarém District , Portugal .
Šentlovrenc ( pronounced ( ʃɛnˈtloːu̯ɾɛnts ) or ( ʃənˈtloːu̯ɾɛnts ) ) is a village on the Temenica River in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Bremanger Church ( Norwegian : Bremanger kyrkje ) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Nahavand ( Persian : نهاوند‎‎ , also Romanized as Nahāvand and Nehāvend ; also known as Nīhāvand ) is a city in and capital of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Zarkadia ( Greek : Ζαρκαδιά ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Chrysoupoli in the Kavala regional unit , Greece .
Medvedovskaya ( Russian : Медведовская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Timashyovsky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Jihaeng Station is a ground - level metro station on Line 1 of the Seoul Subway in Jihaeng - dong , Dongducheon , South Korea .
Branksome Hall is an independent girls ' school for day and boarding students from Junior Kindergarten to Grade 12 in Toronto , Canada , that was founded in 1903 .
The Men 's 1995 World Amateur Boxing Championships were held in the Deutschlandhalle in Berlin , Germany from May 4 to May 15 .
The Rothmans Medal was the first official player - of - the - year award to be established in rugby league in Australia .
Myroodah or Myroodah Station is a pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but presently operates as a cattle station located in Western Australia .
Hazara Town ( Urdu : ہزارہ ٹاؤن , Hazaragi : آزره ٹاون ) is a lower- to middle - income area on the western outskirts of Quetta , Pakistan with a population of up to 70,000 , of which an estimated two thirds are ethnic Hazaras and the remaining portion are Pashtun and Baloch .
Nandi County is in North Rift of Kenya , occupying an area of 2,884.4 Km2 .
Landing Zone Sierra was a U.S. Marine Corps base located northwest of Cam Lộ , Quảng Trị Province in central Vietnam .
Rytele - Wszołki ( rɨˈtɛlɛ ˈfʂɔu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceranów , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Congregados Basilica in Portuguese , Igreja dos Congregados is a Portuguese 18th - century baroque Basilica in Braga , Portugal .
Carirriñe Pass is an international mountain pass in the Andes between Chile and Argentina .
Lower Shebelle ( Somali : Shabeellaha Hoose , Arabic : شبيلي السفلى‎ ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) in southern Somalia .
Wilkowuje ( vilkɔˈvujɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Frankfurter Wachensturm ( German : charge of the Frankfurt guard house ) on 3 April 1833 was a failed attempt to start a revolution in Germany .
Berlin Independent Film Festival is a film festival with a special emphasis on independent films , which annually takes place in Berlin , Germany .
Federation Peak is a prominent mountain ( elevation 1,224 metres ) located in the Southwest National Park of Tasmania , Australia .
Tauche ( Lower Sorbian Tuchow ) is a municipality on both sides of the river Spree in the Oder - Spree district , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Haltushan ( Persian : هلتوشان‎ , also Romanized as Haltūshān ) is a village in Sursur Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Barra de Carrasco is a residential neighbourhood and resort of Ciudad de la Costa in Canelones , Uruguay .
Kassita ( Berber language : Qasita / ⵇⴰⵙⵉⵜⴰ , Arabic : قاسيتا ) is a small town in the Driouch Province in northeastern Morocco , in the Oriental administrative region .
Sangre Grande Secondary School ( formerly Sangre Grande Junior Secondary School ) is a government - run secondary school in Sangre Grande , Trinidad and Tobago .
Batenburg Windmill is a post mill in Batenburg , Gelderland , Netherlands which was built in the 18th century and is under repair as of February 2014 .
Simon Kuznets Kharkiv National University of Economics ( Ukrainian : Харківський національний економічний університет імені Семена Кузнеця ) is the largest economic higher educational and research institution in Eastern Ukraine .
Hutchinson 's Hole is a large sinkhole ( located in Saint Ann in northern Jamaica ) named after the 18th century serial killer Lewis Hutchinson , who used the sinkhole to dispose of bodies .
The Gracefield Branch is a 1.6 km long , 3 ft 6 in ( 1,067 mm ) gauge industrial line from its junction with the Wairarapa Line at Woburn in the Wellington region of New Zealand 's North Island to its terminus at the southern end of the Hutt Workshops yard .
Lantzville is a coastal community on the east side of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada along the western shore of the Strait of Georgia and immediately north of the City of Nanaimo .
The German New Guinea Company ( German : Deutsche Neuguinea - Kompagnie ) was a German Chartered Company which exploited insular territory in and near present Papua New Guinea .
The Campeonato Alagoano is the football league of the state of Alagoas , Brazil .
Rujan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рујан ) or Rujen ( Рујен ) , is a mountain in southern Serbia , near the town of Bujanovac .
The Ministry of Immigrant Absorption of Israel ( Hebrew : המשרד לקליטת העלייה‎ , HaMisrad LiKlitat HaAliyah ) , known until 1951 as the Ministry of Immigration ( Hebrew : משרד העלייה‎ , Misrad HaAliya ) , a ministry in the Israeli government .
Cham - e Mir Beyg ( Persian : چم ميربيگ‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Mīr Beyg and Cham - e Mīr Bak ) is a village in Zirtang Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lamwo is a town in the Northern Region of Uganda and the political and administrative center of Lamwo District .
Bijnavand Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بيجنوند‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Zagros District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Ubay Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Bayan ng Ubay , Cebuano : Tugpahanan sa Lungsod sa Ubay ) ( ICAO : RPSN , formerly RPBY ) is an airport serving the general area of Ubay , in the northeastern part of the island province of Bohol in the Philippines .
The Pagaibamba Protection Forest is a catchment area in Peru .
The Via Praenestina ( modern Italian : Via Prenestina ) was an ancient Roman road in central Italy .
The ruins of Grünenberg Castle , Schnabelburg Castle and Langenstein Castle are a complex of three interconnected castles on a hill above the municipality of Melchnau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Institute of Technology , Guru Ghasidas University ( a Central University ) , also known as ITGGU or ITGGV , is a public engineering institute located in Bilaspur , Chhattisgarh , India .
Imerovigli ( Greek : Ημεροβίγλι ) is a village on the island of Santorini , Greece , adjacent to the north of the island capital Fira .
Inangahua Junction is a small town in the northwest of New Zealand 's South Island .
Al Ghazieh ( الغازية ) is a small city in South Lebanon , near the South 's capital , the famous city Saida ( Sidon ) .
Narga Selassie is a church on the western shores of Dek Island , the largest island of Lake Tana in northern Ethiopia .
Tumsisiro is located near Saratamata on east Ambae , Vanuatu and is the headquarters of the Southern Region of the Melanesian Brotherhood , an Anglican religious community .
Sladaja ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сладаја ) is a village in Despotovac municipality , in the Pomoravlje District of Serbia .
Uzmani ( in older sources also Uzmane , German : Usmane ) is a settlement west of Rob in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Traditionally , it is said that the Rhine enters the Netherlands at Lobith , although in reality , this happens about 4 km further upstream , near Spijk .
Miskolc - Avas TV Tower ( in colloquial speech Avasi kilátó , Avas Lookout Tower ) is a 72 metre tall TV tower with an observation deck on the Avas hill in Miskolc , Hungary .
Mursena Madari is a village of Pilibhit City , UP , India , the population is about 2000 and new generation of this village is so talented , this village produce 5 to 10 engineers at every year .
Unitary Front ( Greek : Ενωτικό Μέτωπο ) was a short - lived center - left party in Greece .
Mamu Kanjan ( or spelled as Mamukanjan ) is a town of Faisalabad District in Punjab , Pakistan .
Wheelock Place ( Chinese : 伟乐坊 ; pinyin : Wěilèfāng ) , ( Tamil வீல்லாக் ப்லேஸ் ) is a 21-floor office tower and shopping mall on Singapore 's Orchard Road .
Thiên Đường Cave is located on an elevation of 200 meters above the sea level , near the west branch of Ho Chi Minh Highway , in Son Trach Commune , Bố Trạch District , Quảng Bình Province , Vietnam .
Mashallah Kol ( Persian : ماشاء الله کل‎ , also Romanized as Māshāllāh Kol ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Khurais Airport ( old ) is a small airport near the oil complex of Khurais in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia .
Clackline Bridge is a road bridge in Clackline , Western Australia , 77 kilometres ( 48 mi ) east of Perth in the Shire of Northam , that carried the Great Eastern Highway until 2008 .
The Royal Coin Cabinet ( Swedish : Kungliga Myntkabinettet ) is a museum located on Slottsbacken , Gamla stan , in central Stockholm , Sweden , dedicated to the history of money .
Τhe Museum of Anthropology , University of Athens is an educational museum in Athens , Greece .
Guénimanzo ( also spelled Gbénimanzo ) is a village in western Ivory Coast .
The Vienna Symphony ( German : Wiener Symphoniker ) is an orchestra in Vienna , Austria .
The Lasithi Plateau ( Greek : Οροπέδιο Λασιθίου , Oropedio Lasithiou ) is a high endorheic plateau , located in the Lasithi regional unit in eastern Crete , Greece .
Abutilon Island is located approximately 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) off the coast from Onslow in the Pilbara region of Western Australia .
Ras Acrata is a cape located in Algeria , about 16 kilometres ( 9.9 mi ) from Algiers .
The basilica of San Nazaro in Brolo or San Nazaro Maggiore is a church in Milan , northern Italy .
Stadio Angelo Massimino ( previously known as Stadio Cibali ) is a multi - use stadium in Catania , Italy .
Vlahina ( Bulgarian : Влахина ) or Vlaina ( Macedonian : Влаина ) , meaning `` Vlach ( mountain ) '' is a mountain range on the border of southwestern Bulgaria and eastern Republic of Macedonia .
Brhlovce ( Hungarian : Borfő , pronounced ( ˈborføː ) ) is a municipality and village in the Levice District in the south - west of Slovakia , in the Nitra Region .
Alto Verá is a district and town in the Itapúa Department of Paraguay .
Böön Tsagaan Lake ( Mongolian : Бөөн Цагаан нуур ) is a large saline lake in Bayakhongor province in the Gobi Desert of southern Mongolia .
The Vitra Slide Tower is a 30.74 meter high observation tower located in the Vitra Campus in Weil am Rhein , Germany .
Santa Bárbara del Zulia is a city of some 80,000 inhabitants in Zulia State in Venezuela .
Markhal ( Persian : مرخال‎ , also Romanized as Markhāl ) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Teseney ( Tigrinya : ተሰነይ ? ) , also spelled Tessenei or Tesseney , is a market town in western Eritrea .
Sandnes Sentrum Station ( Norwegian : Sandnes sentrum stasjon ) is a railway station located in downtown Sandnes in Rogaland , Norway .
Saigon Centre is a complex building in Ho Chi Minh city , Vietnam , invested by Keppel Land Watco I. The building is located at Le Loi road in District 1 , Ho Chi Minh City .
Hala MOSiR ( acronym for Miejskiego Ośrodka Sportu i Rekreacji ) is an indoor arena in Łódź , Poland .
Aaron Arm is an unincorporated community near Burgeo in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Björknäshallen , is an indoor arena in Boden , Sweden .
Puncak Regency is one of the regencies ( kabupaten ) in Papua province of Indonesia ; it is not to be confused with Puncak Jaya Regency , which is within the same province , and from which the districts now forming Puncak Regency were separated in 2008 .
The Cégep Garneau is a public French - language college in Quebec , Canada .
Kostanjek ( pronounced ( kɔˈstaːnjək ) ) is a settlement north of Zdole in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Blasieholmen is a peninsula in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Mount Parnassus ( /pɑːrˈnæsəs/ ; Greek : Παρνασσός , Parnassos ) is a mountain of limestone in central Greece that towers above Delphi , north of the Gulf of Corinth , and offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside .
Adjamé is one of the 10 urban communes of Abidjan , Ivory Coast .
Subkowskie Pole ( supˈkɔfskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Subkowy , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Maspi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ماسبي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Nejdek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnɛjdɛk ) ; German : Neudek ) is a town in the Karlovy Vary Region , Czech Republic .
Bristol Aerodrome ( TC LID : CDA6 ) , is a small private airfield located adjacent to Bristol , New Brunswick , Canada .
Deh - e Khamruduiyeh ( Persian : ده خمرودوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Khamrūdū’īyeh ; also known as Deh - e Khamrūd ) is a village in Kavirat Rural District , Chatrud District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Poręba Sobaków ( pɔˈrɛmba sɔˈbakuf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Rolfsån is a river in Sweden , the main outflow of lake Lygnern .
Seojeong - ri Station is a station in Seojeong - dong , Pyeongtaek , South Korea .
Jrarbi ( Armenian : Ջրարբի ) ; formerly known as Jrarati trchnafabrika ( meaning `` Jrarat poultry factory '' ) , is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
Kommetjie ( Afrikaans for `` small basin , '' approximately pronounced cawma - key ) is a small town near Cape Town , in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Yamgan District is one of the 29 districts of Badakhshan Province in eastern Afghanistan .
Nukufetau is an atoll that is part of the nation of Tuvalu .
FK Mladost Podgorica ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : ФК Младост Подгорица ; pronounced ( mlâdoːst pǒdɡorit͡sa ) ) is a professional football club based in Podgorica , Montenegro .
Lala Tulpan ( `` Tulip in Bloom '' ) in Ufa is one of Russia 's largest mosques with 53-metre - tall twin minarets .
The Brant - Argyle School ( formerly Brant Consolidated School # 1703 ) is an educational facility located in the village of Argyle , Manitoba , Canada .
The Pasir Gudang Corporation Stadium ( Malay : Stadium Perbadanan Pasir Gudang ) is a multi - use stadium in Pasir Gudang , Johor Bahru District , Johor , Malaysia .
Tomaros ( Greek : Τόμαρος , also Ολύτσικας - Olytsikas or Tomaros ) is a mountain in southwestern Ioannina regional unit , Greece .
Motovilci ( pronounced ( mɔtɔˈʋiːltsi ) or ( mɔtɔˈʋiːu̯tsi ) ; Hungarian : Mottolyád , Prekmurje Slovene : Motovöuci ) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Kholus ( Persian : خلوص‎‎ , also Romanized as Kholūş and Kholoos ; also known as Kholū and Khulu ) is a village in Harang Rural District , Kukherd District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Suai Church massacre happened on 6 September 1999 , in Suai , Cova Lima District in southwestern East Timor , two days after the results of the independence referendum were announced .
Qeshlaq - e Hadli ( Persian : قشلاق هدلي‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Hadlī ) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District , in the Central District of Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Anguil is a village and rural locality ( municipality ) in the Capital Department , in La Pampa Province in Argentina .
The Jardin des Plantes Sauvages du Conservatoire botanique national de Bailleul ( 1 hectare ) is a garden of protected local plants maintained by the Conservatoire botanique national de Bailleul in Haendries , northwest of Bailleul , Nord , Nord - Pas - de - Calais , in France , the world 's largest country .
Puerto San Julián is a natural harbour in Patagonia in the Santa Cruz Province of Argentina located at 49 ° 18′S 67 ° 43′W. In the days of sailing ships it formed a stopping point , 180 km ( 112 mi ) south of Puerto Deseado ( Port Desire ) .
Dutch wine ( Dutch : Nederlandse wijn ) is wine made in the Netherlands .
Čavaš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чаваш ) is a village in the municipality of Ravno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
A. S. Rao Nagar , also known as Dr. A. S. Rao Nagar , is a major suburb of Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Kilmacrehy ( Irish : Cill Mhic Creiche ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Bacoor Bay is a large inlet of southeastern Manila Bay , situated within Cavite province of Luzon Island in the the Philippines .
Kavilo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кавило , Hungarian : Rákóczitelep or Kavilló ) is a village in Serbia .
Dotsiko ( Greek : Δοτσικό ) is a village and a former community in Grevena regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
Delap ( Marshallese : Teļap , ( tˠʌ͡ɛɛ̯ɫɑ͡æpʲ ) ) is an island district in the Marshall Islands .
Loimaan kunta ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈloimɑːŋˈkuntɑ ) , Swedish : Loimaa kommun , literally `` Municipality of Loimaa '' ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Zari Zi ( Persian : زرعزي‎ , also Romanized as Zariʿ Zī ) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District , in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Cantabrian Mountains or Cantabrian Range ( Spanish : Cordillera Cantábrica ) are one of the main systems of mountain ranges in Spain .
Singapore School Manila is an international school in Aseana City , Parañaque City , Philippines , that follows the education of the Singaporean educational system .
Cesena ( Italian pronunciation : ( tʃeˈzɛːna ) ) is a city and comune in the Emilia - Romagna region of northern Italy , south of Ravenna and west of Rimini , on the Savio River , co - chief of the Province of Forlì - Cesena .
Filfla is a small , mostly barren , uninhabited islet 5 kilometres ( 3.1 miles ) south of Malta , and is the most southerly point of the Maltese Archipelago .
The Batrakhan Forest Reserve ( or Baltyrkan Forest Reserve ) is located in Aksy District of Jalal - Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan at the area of Aflatun Forestry .
The Philippine Republic ( Spanish : República Filipina , Filipino : Republikang Pilipino ) , more commonly known as the First Philippine Republic or the Malolos Republic , was a nascent revolutionary government in the Philippines .
The Quadiriki Caves ( Guadirikiri Caves , Quadirikiri Cave ) are located in Arikok National Park on the island of Aruba .
Stade Pacy - Ménilles is a multi - use stadium in Ménilles , near Pacy - sur - Eure , France .
Weingut Wittmann is a German wine grower and producer based Westhofen , in the Wonnegau district of the wine - growing region of Rheinhessen , Germany .
Anykh - Kishlag ( also , Əniqqışlaq ) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Fourth Battle of Gao was fought in the city of Gao on 20 - 22 February 2013 , during the Northern Mali Conflict .
Lakselvbukt Church ( Norwegian : Lakselvbukt kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county , Norway .
As - Suwayda ( Arabic : السويداء‎ / ALA - LC : as - Suwaydā '' ) , also spelled Sweida , is a mainly Druze city located in southwestern Syria , close to the border with Jordan .
The Museum of Folk Art and History of Pelion ( Greek : Μουσείο Λαϊκής Τέχνης και Ιστορίας του Πηλίου ) is a museum in the village of Makrinitsa ( Volos ) , Magnesia , Greece .
CDI College is a private college in Canada .
The Bode Valley Gondola Lift ( German : Bodetal - Seilbahn ) is a gondola lift built between 1969 and 1970 by the Czechoslovak collective combine Transporta Chrudim as a joint project with PGH Elektrotherm Quedlinburg in the vicinity of Thale in the Harz mountains in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Batočina ( Serbian : Баточина , pronounced ( bâtɔtʃina ) ) is a small town and municipality located in the Šumadija District of Serbia .
Tugdan Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Tugdan , Romblomanon ( Onhan ) : Paluparan it Tugdan ) ( IATA : TBH , ICAO : RPVU ) is an airport located in the province of Romblon in the Philippines .
Sally Horsfall Eaton Centre , in Toronto , Canada , is home to Ryerson University 's Studies for Community Health .
Killeany or Kilhenny , Kilheny ( Irish : Cill Éinne ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Guards ' Grave is a military cemetery near Villers - Cotterêts in northern France , maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission .
The church of Sant'Aponal is a deconsecrated Roman Catholic church in the sestiere of San Polo in Venice , Italy .
The Western Ring Route is a motorway system being constructed in Auckland , New Zealand .
Istgah - e Fariman ( Persian : ايستگاه فريمان‎ , also Romanized as Istgāh - e Farīmān ) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Radowo Wielkie ( raˈdɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Raddow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Corporation `` Proekt - technika '' ( Russian : ООО `` Корпорация `` Проект-техника '' ) is one of Russia 's largest machine - manufacturing companies , and a part of the Russian military - industrial complex .
Klebas ( pop . 91 ) is one of the 31 localities belonging to the municipality of Lesachtal in Carinthia ( Austria ) .
Australia and New Zealand both have Anzac Day Acts providing for the commemoration of Anzac Day in those countries .
The Guava River rises just north of the Grand Ridge of the Blue Mountains on the border of Portland Parish in Jamaica .
Interprint has eight production locations worldwide - in Germany , Poland , Russia ( 2 ) , Malaysia , China , Brazil and the USA - and six sales offices - in Italy , Spain , South Africa , Russia , China and Turkey .
The Holy Spirit University of Kaslik ( in French : Université Saint - Esprit de Kaslik ( USEK ) ; in Arabic : جامعة الرّوح القدس -- الكسليك Jāmi'aẗ Al Rūḥ Al Qudus -- Al Kaslīk ) , is a private Catholic university in Mount Lebanon , founded in 1950 by the Lebanese Maronite Order ( LMO ) .
Kerava railway station ( Finnish : Keravan rautatieasema , Swedish : Kervo järnvägsstation ) is located in the town of Kerava , Finland .
Tunka ( Russian : Тунка ) is a village ( selo ) in Tunkinsky District of the Buryat Republic , Russia , located southwest of Irkutsk in the Tunka Valley .
Gvozdansko ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гвозданско ) is a village in the Sisak - Moslavina county , Croatia .
Wonna ( ˈvɔnna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Imperial Towers are a pair of residential towers in Tardeo that are the tallest complete buildings in India .
Col de Tende Road Tunnel is a 3182 metre long road tunnel running under Col de Tende between France and Italy .
Sunwing Airlines Inc. is a Canadian low - cost airline headquartered in the Etobicoke district of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Səbətkeçməz ( also , Sabatkechmaz and Sabetkechmaz ) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Khidkali temple or the Khidkaleshwar Mandir is a Hindu temple located in Dombivli , Maharashtra , India .
Tutayev ( Russian : Тута́ев ) is a town in Yaroslavl Oblast , Russia .
Garaši ( Serbian : Гараши ) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac , Serbia .
Mampatti(Tamil : மாம்பட்டி ) is a Village in Thiruppathur Taluk in Sivagangai District of Tamil Nadu State , India .
Monselice is a town and municipality ( comune ) located in northeastern Italy , in the Veneto region , in the province of Padua .
Fiplingdal Church ( Norwegian : Fiplingdal kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county , Norway .
Aparekka is a village in Matara District , a southern province of Sri Lanka .
Atlit Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת עתלית‎ , Taḥanat HaRakevet Atlit ) is an Israel Railways passenger station serving the town of Atlit as well as the surrounding rural communities and military bases .
The Madrid Metro ( Spanish : Metro de Madrid ) is a metro system serving the city of Madrid , capital of Spain .
Kavian ( Persian : كاويان‎ , also Romanized as Kāvīān ; also known as Gābnān , Gāv Nān , and Govnān ) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District , in the Central District of Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Sulicha ( suˈlixa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vasleh ( Persian : وصله‎ , also Romanized as Vaşleh , Vaslah , and Wasleh ) is a village in Kuhin Rural District , in the Central District of Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Curtici ( Hungarian : Kürtös , German : Kurtitsch ) is a town located in Arad County , far western Romania .
The Academy of Mary Immaculate is a Roman Catholic girls ' secondary school , situated in Fitzroy , Victoria , Australia .
Jankov Most ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јанков Мост , Romanian : Iancăid ) is a village in Serbia .
After the end of the Napoleonic Era , Portoferraio returned to Tuscany , and became part of the Kingdom of Italy in 1860 .
The Swiss Guide and Scout Movement ( SGSM ) ( Pfadibewegung Schweiz ( PBS ) , Mouvement Scout de Suisse ( MSdS ) , Movimento Scout Svizzero ( MSS ) , Moviment Battasendas Svizra ( MBS ) ) is the national Scouting and Guiding association of Switzerland .
The Šiauliai Biomass Power Plant is a biomass combined heat and power plant in Šiauliai , Lithuania .
The Goldene Aue ( German : `` golden shire '' ) is a valley in eastern Germany , in the states Thuringia and Saxony - Anhalt .
Mouloudia Club d'Oran ( Arabic : نادي مولودية وهران‎ , Arabic pronunciation : ( Nādi Mûlûdiyyat Wahrān ) ) , referred to as MC Oran or MCO for short , also known as Mouloudia d'Oran , is a football club based in Oran , Algeria .
Ponte Galeria is a zona ( suburban administrative area ) in the comune of Rome , Italy .
Mount Samat National Shrine ( Tagalog pronunciation : ( samat ) ) or Dambana ng Kagitingan ( Shrine of Valour ) is a historical shrine located near the summit of Mount Samat in the town of Pilár , Province of Bataan , in the Republic of the Philippines .
Kungshatt is a small island in Lake Mälaren , Stockholm , Sweden .
Uthman Mosque ( also known as ' Othman ' Mosque or ' Mosquée de Othmane ' ) is a mosque for Muslims of all traditions and ethnic groups inaugurated on 1 April 2006 in Villeurbanne , France , near Lyon .
Kislovodsk ( Russian : Кислово́дск , lit . sour waters ) is a spa city in Stavropol Krai , Russia , in the North Caucasus region of Russia which is located between the Black and Caspian Seas .
Kakul is a town situated in the Kakul Valley at an elevation of 1300 metres , 5 km northeast of Abbottabad city near the Thandiani Hills , in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
International School São Lourenço ( ISSL ) is an international school located in Almancil in Algarve , Portugal .
Laj Chimel or Chimel is a community located in the cloud forest of the municipality of San Miguel Uspantán , Department of El Quiché , Guatemala .
The Garafiri Dam is an embankment dam on the Konkouré River which forms the boundary between the Kindia and Mamou Regions of Guinea .
Karikkakom Sree Chamundi Devi Temple or Karikkakom Devi Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Goddess Chamundi located in Thiruvananthapuram , India .
The Takao Railway Museum ( Chinese : 打狗鐵道故事館 ; pinyin : Dǎgǒu Tiědào Gùshìguǎn ) is a museum in Gushan District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
El Plateado de Joaquín Amaro or Joaquín Amaro , also known as El Plateado and as General Joaquín Amaro , is a community in Zacatecas , Mexico , located 105 km SW of Zacatecas City .
Croajingolong National Park , with the adjoining Nadgee Nature Reserve in New South Wales , forms one of only twelve World Biosphere areas in Australia .
New York University Abu Dhabi ( NYUAD , Arabic : جامعة نيويورك أبوظبي‎ ) is a degree - granting liberal arts and research university , located in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
Krzepiszyn ( kʂɛˈpiʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Cuetlajuchitlán is a mesoamerican archaeological site located 3 kilometers southeast of Paso Morelos , northeast of the State Guerrero , Mexico .
The Westeinderplassen ( `` West End Lakes '' ) are a complex of lakes belonging mostly to the territory of Aalsmeer , Netherlands .
Bussy - Saint - Georges ( pronounced : ( bysi sɛ̃ ʒɔʁʒ ) ) is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Belharat Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بلهرات‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pol - ka Producciones is a television and film production company in Buenos Aires , Argentina , commonly referred to as Pol - ka .
Tiswadi or Ilhas de Goa ( Islands of Goa ) is a taluka of North Goa district in the state of Goa , India .
Veintiséis de Octubre District is one of the districts of the province Piura in Peru .
Hoveysh ( Persian : حويش‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoveysh ; also known as Khvīsh ) is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Imeni Tairova is a neighbourhood in the Yerevan Province of Armenia .
San Mango Piemonte is a village and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southern Italy .
Traralgon is a city located in the east of the Latrobe Valley in the Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Dizaj - e Hatam Khan ( Persian : ديزج حاتمخان‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj - e Ḩātam Khān ) is a village in Hajjilar - e Jonubi Rural District , Hajjilar District , Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
In 1794 it was at St. Thomas Manor that John Carroll was invested in his robes as the first Catholic bishop of the United States of America , after the nation gained independence in the Revolutionary War .
Nerkin Sasnashen ( Armenian : Ներքին Սասնաշեն ) ; formerly known as Nerkin Karakoymaz and Nerkin Sasunashen , is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Er - Rich is a town in Midelt Province , Meknès - Tafilalet Region , Morocco .
The Mahale Mountains are a mountain range in western Tanzania , on the eastern shore of Lake Tanganyika .
Napęków ( naˈpɛŋkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Medicinal Plants Orito Ingi - Ande Flora Sanctuary ( Spanish : Santuario de Flora Plantas Medicinales Orito Ingi - Ande ) is the newest protected area in Colombia .
Treetops Hotel is a hotel in Aberdare National Park in Kenya near the township of Nyeri , 1,966 m ( 6,450 ft ) above sea level on the Aberdare Range and in sight of Mount Kenya .
The Waitomo Caves is a village and solutional cave system forming a major tourist attraction in the northern King Country region of the North Island of New Zealand , 12 kilometres northwest of Te Kuiti .
The Kuran Islands ( Kepulauan Kuran ) are an island group of small scattered islands off the southwestern coast of Yapen Island , Cenderawasih Bay , eastern Indonesia off the northern coast of New Guinea .
The Christian Popular Union ( Unione Popolare Cristiana , UPC ) is a Christian - democratic political party , based in Sardinia , Italy .
Wigram Aerodrome ( ICAO : NZWG ) is a former Royal New Zealand Air Force base located in the Christchurch suburb of Wigram .
Jeseydan ( Persian : جسيدان‎ , also Romanized as Jeseydān ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Telul eth - Thalathat is an archaeological site located 40 miles ( 64 km ) west of Mosul and just east of Tal Afar in Nineveh Province ( Iraq ) .
Sibut ( pronounced : ( sibut ) ) , formerly Fort Sibut ( French : Fort - Sibut ) is the capital of Kémo , one of the 14 prefectures of the Central African Republic .
Mackenzie West is a former territorial electoral district , that elected Members to the Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly in Canada .
Muhabran ( pronounced ( ˈmuːxabɾan ) ) is a small dispersed settlement just south of Šentlovrenc in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Bnei Atarot ( Hebrew : בְּנֵי עֲטָרוֹת , lit . Sons of Atarot ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Killiniq Island ( English : ice floes ) is a small , remote island in northeastern Canada .
Torbenfeldt Castle is a manor house located 15 km south - west of Holbæk on the island of Zealand in eastern Denmark .
The Brindabella Range , commonly called The Brindabellas , is a mountain range located in Australia , on a state and territory border that separates New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory ( ACT ) .
The Druid Order is a contemporary druidry group in the United Kingdom .
Grčić ( Serbian : Грчић ) is a village in Serbia .
The Misgav Regional Council ( Hebrew : מועצה אזורית משגב‎ , Mo'atza Azorit Misgav ISO 259 - 3 Moˁaça ʔazorit Miśgabb ) is a regional council in the Galilee region in northern Israel .
The Rías Baixas ( Galician for `` Lower Rias '' ) are a series of four estuarine inlets located on the southwestern coast of Galicia , Spain .
Otakiri School is a primary school located just outside the town of Edgecumbe , New Zealand .
Karis ( Swedish pronunciation : ( kɑːrɪs ) ; Finnish : Karjaa , pronounced ( ˈkɑrjɑː ) ) is a former Finnish town and Finnish municipality in Finland .
Hathazari Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in Bangladesh used during the Burma Campaign 1944 - 1945 .
Coimbatore International Airport ( IATA : CJB , ICAO : VOCB ) is the primary airport serving the city of Coimbatore in South India .
Veľká Fatra ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈʋeʎkaː ˈfatra ) ; also Great Fatra or Greater Fatra ) is a mountain range in the Western Carpathians in Slovakia .
Tenglo Island is separated from Puerto Montt by the Tenglo Channel in Reloncaví Sound , Los Lagos Region , Chile .
Bait Bakhtiari is a small village located in the Punjab province of Pakistan , 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) from Uch Sharif , Bahawalpur .
Tour Europlaza ( previously known as tour Septentrion ) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense business district situated west of Paris , France .
The Hambantota Solar Power Station ( also known as the Buruthakanda Solar Park ) is the first commercial - scale solar power station in Sri Lanka .
Orkanger is a city and a former municipality in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Saint - Affrique ( Occitan : Sant Africa ) is a commune in the Aveyron department in Southern France .
German submarine U-1195 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine .
McDougall Falls is a waterfall on the Murtle River in Wells Gray Provincial Park , east - central British Columbia , Canada .
Zigerbergkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2,051 metres ( 6,729 ft ) .
Bizhbulyaksky District ( Russian : Бижбуля́кский райо́н ; Bashkir : Бишбүләк районы ; Chuvash : Пишпӳлек районĕ ; Tatar : Бишбүләк районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifty - four in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
The Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center ( TSLC ) also known as Base 25 ( Chinese : 二十五基地 ) , is a People 's Republic of China space and defence launch facility ( spaceport ) .
The Flinders Street Viaduct is a railway bridge in Melbourne , Australia .
Kafr Nabudah ( Arabic : كفر نبودة‎ , also spelled Kafar Nabuda ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located northwest of Hama .
Nettuno is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Lazio region of central Italy , 60 kilometres ( 37 miles ) south of Rome .
Göbler - Hirthmotoren GmbH is an aircraft engine manufacturer based in Benningen , Germany .
Turun Urheiluliitto ( TuUL ) is a sports club from Turku , Finland that was founded in 1901 .
El Barco Lake ( Laguna El Barco or Lago El Barco ) is a lake in the Bío Bío Region of Chile , near the Callaqui stratovolcano .
Gorumara National Park ( Pron : ˌgɔ : rʊˈmɑ : rə ) ( Bengali : গরুমারা জাতীয় উদ্যান Gorumara Jatio Uddan ) is a National Park in northern West Bengal , India .
Jablanac is a village in Lika - Senj County , Croatia , located on the Adriatic Sea underneath the Velebit mountain , overlooking the island of Rab .
Yoshkar - Ola Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Йошкар-Ола ) ( IATA : JOK , ICAO : UWKJ ) is an airport in Mari El Republic , Russia located 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) north of Yoshkar - Ola and 800 kilometres ( 500 mi ) from Moscow Domodedovo Airport ( DME ) .
Badin ( Sindhi : بدين‎ Urdu : بدین‎ ) is the main city and capital of Badin District in Sindh , Pakistan .
The Communist Party of Byelorussia ( Russian : Коммунистическая партия Белоруссии , Belarusian : Камуністычная партыя Беларусі ) , known as Communist Party ( bolsheviks ) of Byelorussia ( Russian : Коммунистическая партия ( большевиков ) Белоруссии ) until 1952 , was a communist party in Belarus 1918 - 1991 , created following the Russian Revolution of 1917 .
Boughrara ( Tunisian Arabic : بوغرارة‎ ) is a coastal town in central - eastern Tunisia .
The Große Kulmke is one of the two headstreams of the Kulmke in central Germany .
Oude IJssel ( Dutch ) , literally old IJssel , or Issel ( German ) is a river in Germany and the Netherlands approximately 80 km long .
The Rouen Castle is a historical castle of the town in Rouen , capital of the duchy of Normandy , now in France .
Požnica ( pronounced ( ˈpoːʒnitsa ) ) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Pavullo nel Frignano is a town and comune in the province of Modena , Emilia - Romagna , Italy , in the Modenese Apeninnes .
Mannur is a village and gram panchayat in the Palakkad district , state of Kerala , India .
Garden Reach is a neighbourhood of Kolkata in West Bengal , India .
Sloboda - Bushanska ( Ukrainian : Слобода-Бушанська ) is an urban - type settlement in Vinnytsia Oblast , Ukraine located at 48 ° 21N 28 ° 05E.
Apart from Spain , Enagás has presence in Mexico , Perú , Chile , Sweden and in the Trans Adriatic Pipeline ( TAP ) European project .
The Independent Regionalist Party ( Spanish : Partido Regionalista Independiente , PRI ) is a centrist political party in Chile .
The Commission for Health Improvement ( CHI ) was a non - departmental public body sponsored by the Department of Health of the United Kingdom from 2001 until 2004 , when its functions were subsumed by the Healthcare Commission .
Mount Talang ( Indonesian : Gunung Talang ) ( 2,597 m ) is an active stratovolcano in West Sumatra , Indonesia .
Fremantle District Cricket Club is a cricket club which competes in the Western Australian Grade Cricket competition , the highest level of club cricket in Western Australia .
Ilioupoli ( Greek : Ηλιούπολη , lit . `` Sun City '' ) is a suburban municipality in the southeastern part of the Athens metropolitan area , Greece .
Montbau is a neighborhood in the Horta - Guinardó district of the city of Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Moravška Gora ( German : Moräutschberg ) is a settlement immediately north of Gabrovka in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
Vallen Castle is in Våxtorp in the county of Halland , Sweden .
The Meesenkopf , also called the Mesenkopf , is a hill in the Wiehen range , south of the town of Lübbecke in Northern Germany .
Dahlerups Pakhus ( English : Dahlerup Warehouse ) , originally known as Pakhus 1 ( English : Warehouse 1 ) , is a former Warehouse situated on the west side of the Langelinie Pier , opposite the Middle Pier , in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Shivkhori is a famous cave shrine of Hindus devoted to lord Shiva , situated in the Reasi district of Jammu and Kashmir state in India .
The Madrid Royal Conservatory ( Spanish : Real Conservatorio Superior de Música de Madrid ) is a music college in Madrid , Spain .
Amirabad - e Now ( Persian : اميرابادنو‎ , also Romanized as Amīrābād - e Now and Amīrābād Now ; also known as Amīnābād - e Now , Amīrābād , and Amīrābād - e Kohneh ) is a village in Sagezabad Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Górecko Stare ( ɡuˈrɛt͡skɔ ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Daleq Tappeh ( Persian : دالق تپه‎ , also Romanized as Dāleq Tappeh ; also known as Deleq Tappeh ) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jalan Malioboro ( English : Malioboro Street ) is a major shopping street in Yogyakarta , Indonesia ; the name is also used more generally for the neighborhood around the street .
The Citizens ' Convergence ( Convergencia Ciudadana ) is a progressive political party in Colombia .
Belyov ( Russian : Белёв ) is a town and the administrative center of Belyovsky District in Tula Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Oka River .
Prem Nagar railway station ( Urdu : پریم نگر ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Prem Nagar village , Kasur district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Berezniaky ( Ukrainian : Березняки ) is a historical neighbourhood , on the left bank of Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Selice ( in Slovak ; Seleuch in German , Sókszelőce in Hungarian , Šókselécéňa or Šóka in Romani ) is a village and municipality in Šaľa District , in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Kurentovanje is one of Slovenia 's most popular and ethnologically significant carnival events .
The Four Mile River , also called the Tiropahi River , is a river in the Buller District of New Zealand .
The Mosul Museum is the second largest museum in Iraq after the National Museum of Iraq in Baghdad .
Tiruvirkolam ( also Cooum ) is an ancient temple town on the banks of the Koovam River in Tamil Nadu , India .
Čeplez ( pronounced ( ˈtʃeːplɛs ) ) is a small settlement in the hills east of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Svay Don Kêv is a small town in Moung Ruessei District in Battambang Province , central - western Cambodia .
The Prime Minister of Zimbabwe - Rhodesia was a short - lived office in Zimbabwe - Rhodesia .
Əlməkolu ( also , Almagovlu and Almakuyuly ) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Navi Mumbai International Airport is a proposed greenfield international airport , to be built in the Kopar - Panvel area of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region in India .
Primera Plana was a weekly glossy political , cultural and current affairs magazine published in Buenos Aires , Argentina , between 1962 to 1973 .
The National Polytechnic School ( Spanish : Escuela Politécnica Nacional ) , also known as EPN , is a public university in Quito , Ecuador .
Sycowice ( sɨt͡sɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwieńsk , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Amukhanzi - ye Olya ( Persian : عموخانزي عليا‎ , also Romanized as `` Amūkhānzī - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 90 , in 21 families .
Kyurdamir Air Base is a military airbase in Kyurdamir ( also known as Kurdamir or Kürdəmir ( Кюрдамир ) ) , the capital of the Kurdamir district ( rayon ) in Azerbaijan .
Quchali ( Persian : قوچعلي‎ , also Romanized as Qūch``alī ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 145 , in 27 families .
Tamatea High School is a state secondary co - educational school located in Napier , New Zealand .
Palaichori ( Greek : Παλαιχώρι ) is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus on the E 903 road .
Écully is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne - Rhône - Alpes region in eastern France just west of Lyon .
Badgall ( Cornish : Bos Galla , meaning Calla 's dwelling ) is a hamlet in the parish of Laneast , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Guils de Cerdanya is a municipality in the comarca of Cerdanya , province of Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
The Marshalleck Stadium is a football stadium which is located in Benque Viejo Town , Belize .
Hanoi University of Science and Technology ( Abbreviated as HUST ; Vietnamese : Đại học Bách khoa Hà Nội , `` Hanoi University of Technology ( HUT ) '' ) , founded 1956 , is the first and largest technical university in Vietnam .
Gałkowice Stare ( ɡau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tréguier ( Breton : Landreger ) is a port town in the Côtes - d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France .
John Rennie High School ( JRHS ) , located in Pointe - Claire , Quebec , Canada , is an English language secondary school which opened in 1955 .
Museum de Speeltoren is a museum in Monnickendam , North Holland , in the Netherlands .
Šavnik ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Шавник , pronounced ( ʃǎv̞niːk ) ) is a small town in Montenegro , on the Šavnik River .
Laitumkhrah ( Khasi : lait meaning `` free '' and umkhrah which is the name of a river Umkhrah ) is a census town in Shillong , Meghalaya , India .
Austur - Skaftafellssýsla was a county of Iceland , located in the Eastern Region of the country .
Medlog ( pronounced ( ˈmeːdlɔk ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
The Orang Asli Museum is a museum in Gombak , Selangor , Malaysia that showcases the history and tradition of the indigenous Orang Asli people .
Junqan ( Persian : جونقان‎ , also Romanized as Jūnqān , Jūnaqān , Jūneqān , and Jūnoqān ; also known as Jooneghan ) is a city in the Central District of Farsan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Akbarabad - e Nivesht ( Persian : اكبرابادنيوشت‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Nīvesht ; also known as Akbarābād ) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Altagène ( Altaghjè pronounced ( al.ta.ˈɟe ) in Corsican ) is a French commune in the Corse - du - Sud department in the Corsica region of France .
The Brampton Jail , also known as the Peel County Jail , is located in the city of Brampton , Ontario , Canada at the intersection of Wellington and Main Streets .
Häverö Church ( Swedish : Häverö kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Stockholm County , Sweden .
Nowy Korczyn ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔrt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Gradara is a town and comune in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino ( PU ) , in the region of Marche in central Italy .
Zhashkiv ( Ukrainian : Жашків ; Russian : Жашков , tr . Zhashkov ; IPA : ( ˈʐaʂkəf ) ) is a city in Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv ( Bulgarian : ПФК Локомотив Пловдив ) is a Bulgarian football club from the city of Plovdiv , which competes in Bulgaria 's top football league , the A Group .
Torbehgudeh ( Persian : تربه گوده‎ , also Romanized as Torbehgūdeh ; also known as Nazbagūdeh , Torbehkūdeh , and Torobgūdeh ) is a village in Licharegi - ye Hasan Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Anzali County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope ( WSRT ) is an aperture synthesis interferometer near camp Westerbork , north of the village of Westerbork , Midden - Drenthe , in the northeastern Netherlands .
Rangipo Desert is a barren desert - like environment in New Zealand , located in the Ruapehu District on the North Island Volcanic Plateau ; to the east of the three active peaks of Mount Tongariro , Mount Ngauruhoe , and Mount Ruapehu , and to the west of the Kaimanawa Range .
Taungoo District ( Taungngu , Toungoo , Burmese : တောင်ငူခရိုင် ) is a district of the Bago Division in central Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Otívar is a municipality located at 267.80 metres above sea level in the Province of Granada , Spain .
South Pagai ( Indonesian : Pagai Selatan ) is one of the Mentawai Islands off the west coast of Sumatra in Indonesia .
Forum The Shopping Mall ( Chinese : 福临购物中心 , Tamil : பாரம் அங்காடி ) is a shopping mall on Singapore 's main shopping belt , Orchard Road .
Tramaced is a municipality located in the province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
Saint - Mathieu - de - Beloeil Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSB3 ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) northwest of Saint - Mathieu - de - Beloeil , Quebec , Canada .
Siemyśl ( ˈɕemɨɕl ) ( German Simötzel ) is a village in Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
67 Spencer Street is the former head offices of the Victorian Railways , located on Spencer Street , Melbourne , Australia .
Rasheedabad ( Urdu : رشيد آباد ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Baldia Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Nova Ushytsia ( Ukrainian : Нова Ушиця ) is an urban - type settlement in the Khmelnytskyi Oblast of western Ukraine .
Tepanje ( pronounced ( ˈteːpanjɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Slovenske Konjice in eastern Slovenia .
Rażny ( ˈraʐnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Canton of Cherbourg - Octeville - Sud - Ouest in France was situated in the department of Manche and the region of Basse - Normandie .
Wat Chetawan ( Thai : วัดเชตวัน ) is the famous Buddhist Thai temple complex in Klang Valley , Malaysia .
R.B. Govt . High School ( Bengali : রামদেও বাজলা সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় , also known as zila school or Bazla School ) is a Govt . high school in Joypurhat , a city in Bangladesh .
Long Forest Nature Conservation Reserve is a 600 hectare reserve situated 50 kilometres to the west of Melbourne , between Melton and Bacchus Marsh in Victoria , Australia .
Krosna is a town in Lazdijai district municipality in eastern Lithuania , located 18 km away from Lazdijai .
Palamuse is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Jõgeva County , Estonia , located about 12 km ( 7 mi ) southeast of the town of Jõgeva .
Sampierdarena ( also Sampiardarena ; Ligurian : San Pè d'ænn - a ) is a major port and industrial area of Genoa , in northwest Italy .
Mulhe ( pronounced ( ˈmuːlxɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Sava Hills ( Slovene : Posavsko hribovje ) in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
The University of the Holy Quran and Islamic Sciences is a university in the state of Khartoum , Sudan .
Kinuso is a hamlet in northern Alberta , Canada within Big Lakes County , and surrounded by the Swan River First Nation reserve .
Wronki ( ˈvrɔŋki ) ( German : Wronke ) is a town in the Szamotuły County , western - central Poland , situated in the Greater Poland Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Piła Voivodeship ( 1975 - -1998 ) .
The Medieval Market of Turku ( Finnish : Turun keskiaikaiset markkinat , Swedish : Åbo medeltidsmarknad ) is an annual historical reenactment event organised in the historic city centre of Turku , Finland .
Zichem is a village in Belgium , part of the municipality Scherpenheuvel - Zichem .
Daeng Parani ( died ca . 1726 ) was one of the five Bugis brothers from Makassar , Sulawesi , who established political dominance over the royal houses of Peninsular Malaysia .
Frank W. Stahnisch is a historian of medicine and neuroscience at the University of Calgary in Canada , where he holds the endowed Alberta Medical Foundation / Hannah Professorship in the History of Medicine and Health Care .
Lennart Koskinen ( born November 12 , 1944 in Helsinki ) , is a clergyman in the Church of Sweden , serving as Bishop in Visby .
Aroti Dutt ( 1924 - -2003 ) was a social worker from India of International repute .
Jens Peter Hansen , alternatively spelled Jens Peder Hansen ( 15 March 1927 -- 16 November 1996 ) was a Danish amateur football ( soccer ) player , who played 465 games and scored 150 goals for Esbjerg fB in Denmark .
Pavel Huťka ( born 28 February 1949 ) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic who competed for Czechoslovakia , and is now a tennis trainer .
Erik Guay ( born August 5 , 1981 ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Canada .
Roberto Cueva del Río ( born April 28 , 1908 in Puebla City , Mexico as Rodolfo Roberto De La Cueva Del Río ) was a Mexican muralist .
Leono ( Born September 18 , 1982 in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico ) is a Mexican luchador , or professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) portraying a tecnico ( `` Good guy '' ) wrestling character .
Beata Szalwinska ( Polish : Beata Szałwińska ) , is a Polish pianist , known for her classical music concerts in Poland , Germany , Belgium , Denmark , France , Luxembourg , and Switzerland living since 1999 in Luxembourg .
Svenja Huth ( born 25 January 1991 ) is a German footballer , currently playing for Turbine Potsdam and the Germany women 's national football team .
Manuel José Luís Bucuane ( born 16 August 1973 in Lourenço Marques ( now Maputo ) ) , best known as Tico - Tico , is a Mozambican football striker who plays for Desportivo de Maputo in Mozambique .
Masooma Junaid Farooqi known as Masooma Junaid ( born 21 November 1989 ) is an international cricketer from Pakistan .
Rubén Noceda ( born 11 May 1931 in Asunción -- 8 April 2007 ) is a former football goalkeeper from Paraguay .
Martyn LeNoble ( Dutch : Martijn LeNoble ; born 14 April 1969 , Vlaardingen , The Netherlands ) is a Dutch bassist and a founding member of Porno for Pyros .
Mimi Belete Gebregeiorges ( born 9 June 1988 ) is an Ethiopian middle- and long - distance runner who competes internationally for Bahrain .
Dave Dederer ( born October 5 , 1964 ) is an American guitarist and singer best known as a member of the 2x GRAMMY - nominated , multi - platinum - selling musical group The Presidents of the United States of America , .
Emelie Öhrstig , born 27 February 1978 in Borås , Sweden , is a Swedish cross - country skier and road racing cyclist .
Harald Fairhair ( Old Norse : Haraldr Hárfagri , Norwegian : Harald Hårfagre ; c. 850 -- c. 932 ) is remembered by medieval historians as the first King of Norway .
Sean O'Malley ( born 4 June 1992 ) , most commonly known by his stage name Seán Óg ( meaning Young Seán ) , is a singer and musician from Milltown Malbay , County Clare , Ireland .
John Bosworth ( May 1836 -- 27 September 1917 ) was a politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia .
Zenon Nowosz ( born 6 February 1944 in Warsaw ) is a Polish sprinter who participated in world athletics for Poland in the late 1960s and 1970s .
David MacNish ( c. 1807 -- 10 April 1863 ) was a New Zealand interpreter , labourer , bricklayer , farmer and Pākehā Māori .
Nic Chagall ( born Claus Terhoeven ; 10 November 1972 in Krefeld , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany ) is a German trance music producer and DJ best known for being one half of the German trance duo Cosmic Gate .
James Munro Bertram ( 11 August 1910 -- 24 August 1993 ) was a New Zealand Rhodes scholar , a journalist , writer , relief worker , prisoner of war and a university professor .
In J. R. R. Tolkien 's Middle - earth legendarium , Dúnhere was the lord of Harrowdale in Rohan ( Middle - earth ) and Chieftain of the folk of Dunharrow .
www.naqqialikhan.com Early life and background Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan was born in Kasur a small town near Lahore the Punjab province in British India after partition , Kasur became a part of Pakistan .
Fanny Osborne ( née Malcolm , 29 January 1852 -- 12 March 1934 ) was a prominent New Zealand artist .
John Anastasiadis ( born 13 August 1968 in Melbourne , Australia ) is a former Australian football ( soccer ) player of Greek background .
Xie Shiguang ( 謝士光 ) was a bishop of People 's Republic of China 's underground Roman Catholic Church .
Henry Edward Hickmott was born at Mount Barker in South Australia on 17 May 1853 , the only son of Henry Hickmott ( 1825 - -1914 ) and Sophia Goldsmith ( 1828 - -1853 ) .
Joseph - Alfred Mongrain was a politician from Quebec , Canada .
Hone Pihama Te Rei Hanataua ( ? --1890 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , assessor , coach proprietor , hotel proprietor and land developer .
Daniel Valenzuela ( born May 5 , 1956 in Misiones , Argentina ) , is a prolific film and television actor .
Jamie Mathiou ( born in Queensland , Australia ) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Mostafa Mahdavikia ( born 16 September 1984 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian football player and nephew of Mehdi Mahdavikia .
Florian Homm was born on 7 October in 1959 in Oberursel , Germany .
Ke Zhao or Chao Ko ( Chinese : 柯召 ; pinyin : Kē Zhào ; Wade -- Giles : K'o Chao , April 12 , 1910 -- November 8 , 2002 ) was a Chinese mathematician born in Wenling , Taizhou , Zhejiang , People 's Republic of China .
M. P. Saminathan is the EX - Minister for Highways in Tamil Nadu state of India .
Joss Fritz ( about 1470 - about 1525 ) was a late fifteenth and early sixteenth century insurgent who lived in Germany .
Theo Timmer ( born 6 March 1949 ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from the Netherlands .
Franziska Liebing ( 6 February 1899 -- 3 January 1993 ) was a Swedish - born actress who for most of her career was based in West Germany .
Mahabal Mishra was a Member of Parliament of India from West Delhi .
The Blessed Hermann Lange ( 16 . April 1912 -- 10 November 1943 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and martyr of the Nazi period in Germany .
Pierluigi Cappello is an Italian poet , born in Gemona del Friuli , Italy , in 1967 , and raised in Chiusaforte .
Angel Brunell ( born February 2 , 1945 in Tacuarembó , Uruguay ) is a former Uruguayan footballer currently playing for clubs of Uruguay , Brazil and Chile .
Bryce Hallett is a Canadian independent animator living and working in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Mzé Abdou Soulé Elbak ( pronunciation AHB - doo SOO - lay ehl - BACK born 1954 ) was president of the autonomous island of Grande Comore in the Comoros from 2002 to 2007 .
Born in Duesseldorf ( Germany ) as the son of Elisabeth Brüggemann and Karl Grashof , who taught at an upper secondary school , Franz Grashof visited the elementary and lower secondary school in Duesseldorf and the industrial school in Hagen .
Percy Ronald Stevens ( 1893 - -1963 ) was a notable New Zealand mechanic and radio broadcaster .
Théo Mey ( 1912 - -1964 ) was a Luxembourg photographer who worked as a photojournalist for various national and foreign newspapers and magazines .
Hyun Hee ( born October 4 , 1976 in Seongnam , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea ) is a retired South Korean épée fencer .
Mário Sérgio appeared with Portugal at the 2004 Olympic Games .
Héctor García Ribeyro was a Peruvian politician and businessman born in Lima , Peru on February 16 , 1909 and died in Arequipa , Peru on May 12 , 1963 .
Henri Cartier - Bresson was born in Chanteloup - en - Brie , Seine - et - Marne , France , the oldest of five children .
Alí Manuel Manouchehri Moghadam Kashan Lobos ( more commonly known as Alí Manouchehri ( Persian : علی مانوئل منوچهری مقدم کاشان لابوس‎‎ ) , born August 2 , 1986 in Vienna ) is an Iranian - Chilean football player who currently plays for Unión San Felipe in the Primera División de Chile .
Fabian Marcaccio ( Born 1963 Rosario , Argentina ) is an Argentine - Italian born artist living and working in the United States whose trans - genre works including `` Paintants '' and ' `` Draftants '' have been exhibited worldwide .
Hendra Ridwan ( born in Makassar , Indonesia , December 1 , 1985 ) is an Indonesian footballer .
Ao Man Long ( born in Macau , December 1956 ) was the first Secretary for Transport and Public Works of the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China , from 20 December 1999 to 6 December 2006 .
Arnulf Solvoll ( Chinese : 蘇超生 , Pinyin : Sū Chāoshēng , born August 28 , 1908 , date of death unknown ) was a Norwegian evangelist and missionary associated with the Pentecostal Movement in Norway .
Born Friedrich Franz Albert Klein in Bandung , Indonesia , he was known in the Netherlands under the name of Frits Klein and in France under the name of Fred Klein .
Anton Gordonoff ( 3 February 1893 in Russia - 1960s ) was a Swiss pharmacologist and toxicologist of Russian origin .
John Henniker - Major , 4th Baron Henniker ( 3 February 1801 -- 16 April 1870 ) , also 1st Baron Hartismere in the Peerage of the United Kingdom , was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
Crosbie Ward ( 10 February 1832 -- 10 November 1867 ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament in Canterbury , New Zealand .
Dr Ranjith Laxman Wijayawardana ( Sinhala:රංජිත් ලක්ෂ්මන් විජේවර්ධන ) ( born 15 January 1955 ) is a Sri Lankan physicist and the Chairman of Atomic Energy Authority ( AEA ) of Sri Lanka .
Hong Khaou was born in Cambodia , but his family moved to the United Kingdom in the 1980s as political refugees .
Banarasidas ( Hindi : बनारसीदास ) ( b. Jaunpur 1586 - 1643 ) was a Shrimal Jain businessman and poet of Mughal India .
Rajmohan Pillai was born in Kollam , Kerala , South India , and educated in the state capital Trivandrum .
Okkyung Lee ( born 1975 in Daejeon , South Korea ) is a South Korean cellist , improviser , and composer .
Shobha Fadnavis is a member of Maharashtra Legislative Council and a former minister in Government of Maharashtra in India .
Kia Joorabchian was born in Tehran , Iran , the son of Iranian car - dealer businessman , Mohammed Joorabchian .
Monique Fessl has a master 's degree in Astrophysics at the Karl Franzens University Graz , Austria , and a degree for media- and interaction design at the University of Applied Sciences Joanneum Graz .
MzVee is signed to the award - winning record label Lynx Entertainment and was the winner of the New Artiste of the Year award at the 2015 Ghana Music Awards .
Nicolaus Hinrich Rieman ( d. 1759 ) was an architect and master builder in Denmark during the 1700s .
Alex Sylvester Lindsay ( 28 May 1919 - -5 December 1974 ) was a New Zealand violinist , conductor and orchestra leader .
Anni Frind ( 2 February 1900 - 7 April 1987 ) was one of the most highly recorded lyric sopranos in Germany during the 1920s and 30s .
Ransford Osei ( born 5 December 1990 ) is a professional footballer , who plays as a striker for Asante Kotoko and the Ghana national football team .
Gary Osborne ( born in London ) is an English singer and songwriter from the United Kingdom .
Sune Eriksson ( born 19 March 1939 ) is a politician who served as the Premier of Åland Islands , an autonomous and unilingually Swedish territory of Finland .
Janina Uhse ( born 2 October 1989 in Husum , West Germany ) is a German Actress .
María Olivia Pinheiro Menacho ( born October 29 , 1983 ) is a Bolivian beauty pageant titleholder and model who was crowned Miss Bolivia 2010 , and would have represented her country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant .
During her biographical research , she found out that Willy Moog 's relatives are directly related to the US - American pioneer of synthesizer Robert Moog ( whose grandfather came from the region around Marburg in Germany ) .
Ricardo Rossel was born in Lima to the French immigrant Eugenio Rossel , a gentleman from Nîmes , region of Languedoc , who arrived to Peru in 1826 , and established one of the first French imports stores in Lima , and Carmen Sirot , a distinguished lady from Lima .
Bhikkhu Jagdish Kashyap was born in 1908 in Ranchi , Bihar , India ; he died 28 January 1976 .
Aakanksha Jachak ( born 7 November 1990 ) is a vocalist from Indore , India .
Klemen Kosi ( born 19 June 1991 in Maribor ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Slovenia .
Imaye Taga was born in the Beta Israel community in Ethiopia and his family emigrated to Israel in 1991 during the Operation Solomon .
Valdemar Borovskij ( also known as Valdemaras Borovskis ; born 2 May 1984 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian footballer who currently plays as a right - back for Bulgarian A Football Group side Beroe Stara Zagora and the Lithuania national football team .
Étienne Nivard Saint - Dizier ( ca 1766 -- May 16 , 1820 ) was a merchant and political figure in Lower Canada .
By the end of the 17th century the Republic of Venice was losing ground in its constant diplomatic and military struggle with the Turkish Empire , so there was great need for diplomats such as Carlo Ruzzini who had both the education and the requisite personal fortune to qualify for the diplomatic service .
Francisco Menéndez Valdivieso ( 3 December 1830 -- 22 June 1890 ) was Provisional President of El Salvador from 22 June 1885 to 1 March 1887 , then President of El Salvador from 1 March 1887 until his death on 22 June 1890 .
Jorge Meyer Long is an Uruguayan diplomat and the current Ambassador of Uruguay to Russia , presenting his credentials to Russian President Vladimir Putin on 13 April 2007 .
Satoshi Yagisawa ( born 3 April 1975 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese composer .
Fredrik Wallumrød ( born 21 September 1973 in Kongsberg , Norway ) is a Norwegian drummer and composer , known for his collaborations with musicians like Karl Seglem , Trygve Seim , Solveig Slettahjell , Jarle Bernhoft , Lene Marlin , Maria Mena , and the band Span .
Thomas William Porter ( 1843 - -1920 ) was a New Zealand soldier and land purchase officer .
Ahmet Koç is a bağlama artist from Turkey .
Gunilla Sköld - Feiler ( born 1953 ) , born in Norrköping , Sweden , is a Swedish artist .
Mohammed Chhel was born in 1850 in Ningala , a small village and a railway junction in Gadhada Taluka of Bhavnagar district in Saurashtra , Gujarat ( India ) .
Hoàng Danh Ngọc ( born 3 April 1990 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Left winger for V - League ( Vietnam ) club Vissai Ninh Binh F.C ..
Dissanayake Mudiyanse Ralahamilage Lionel Gamini Dissanayake ( known as Gamini Dissanayake ; Sinhalese : ලයනල් ගාමිණි දිසානායක,Tamil : காமினி திஸாநாயக்க ; 20 March 1942 -- 24 October 1994 ) was a prominent Sri Lankan politician , a powerful minister of the United National Party , the presidential candidate of Sri Lanka and Leader of the Opposition .
Catherine Charlotte de Gramont ( 1639 -- 4 June 1678 ) was a French noblewoman and Princess of Monaco as the wife of Louis I of Monaco and a mistress of Louis XIV of France .
Bhavna Pani was born and brought up in Mumbai , India .
Woon Sui Kut ( Chinese : 温瑞吉 ; pinyin : Wēn Ruì Jí ) was one of Singapore 's longest - serving veteran swimming officials and a known figure in the international sporting arena .
Salvator Léonardi ( born Catania , Italy 1872 -- died 1938 ) was a mandolin virtuoso , teacher and composer .
Kim Il - chol ( born 1933 ) is a former member of the North Korean National Defence Commission of North Korea and former Minister for Defence .
The seventh of eight children born to radio broadcasters Eve van der Byl and Paddy Dowling , Finuala Dowling obtained an MA in English from the University of Cape Town before lecturing in English at the University of South Africa for eight years .
The company did exist under new management as Lars Knutsen and Clode , but in 2011 , the owner David Thompson , sold the company to Hutton 's and Co. Lars Knutsen was born in Arendal , Norway .
Sander Berge is the grandson of Ragnar Berge who played as a left - back for Vålerenga from 1945 until 1957 , and was capped once by Norway ( in 1955 ) .
Hans - Jörg Voigt ( born Dresden , East Germany , 7 June 1962 ) is a German Lutheran bishop .
Luang Pu Thuat is mentioned in the early regional histories of southern Thailand , but his life is mainly preserved in oral traditions .
Born in Oguta , in south - eastern Nigeria , eldest of the six children of Christopher Ijeoma ( an agent with the United Africa Company ) and Martha Nwapa , a teacher of drama , Flora Nwapa attended school in Oguta , Port Harcourt and Lagos .
Born in Altamura , Italy , Giacinto Berloco was ordained to the priesthood on 19 March 1966 , and was active in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Altamura - Gravina - Acquaviva delle Fonti .
Leonel Martiniano de Alencar , Baron of Alencar ( December 5 , 1832 -- March 26 , 1921 ) was a Brazilian lawyer and diplomat , who served as the ambassador of Brazil in many occasions .
Derold Page ( born South Africa 1947 ) After working in Johannesburg as an interior designer , he went into fashion design in 1972 .
Andy Luotto ( born 30 July 1950 ) is an Italian - American actor and television personality , mainly active in Italy .
On 11 February 2010 , Bianca Gonzalez was appointed a UNICEF Philippines Child Rights Supporter .
Huang Chunsen ( Chinese : 黄春森 , born 1991 ) is a Chinese ski mountaineer , and member of the national selection of the People 's Republic of China .
James Coutts Crawford ( 19 January 1817 -- 8 April 1889 ) , known as Coutts Crawford , was a Naval officer , farmer , scientist , explorer and public servant in New Zealand .
Prince Purachatra Jayakara , the Prince of Kamphaengphet ( Thai : บุรฉัตรไชยากร ; rtgs : Burachat Chaiyakon ; 23 January 1881 -- 14 September 1936 ) was a Prince of Siam and a member of the Siamese Royal Family ( later Thailand ) .
Lyn Philp was a New Zealand professional boxer , and New Zealand 's Bantamweight Champion from 1947 - 1954 .
Herman Ponsteen ( born 27 March 1953 in Hellendoorn , Overijssel ) is a retired track cyclist from the Netherlands , who represented his native country twice at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1972 ( Munich , West Germany ) .
Camila Vezzoso is a model from Uruguay and a beauty queen titleholder who was crowned Miss Uruguay 2012 and represented Uruguay in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant .
Evelyne Schneider ( married name : Scharf ; born February 23 , 1950 in Waidhofen an der Ybbs , Lower Austria ) is an Austrian pair skater .
The older brother , Adolfo , became head of the family , which left in search of a better life to Puebla , Mexico , where Abraham Ángel spent his childhood .
Nicolas Grunitzky ( April 5 , 1913 -- September 27 , 1969 ) was the second president of Togo and its third head of state .
Fata - a - iki ( died 1896 ) was a patu - iki ( king ) of the Pacific Ocean island of Niue .
Nacer Chadli ( Arabic : ناصر الشاذلي‎ ; born 2 August 1989 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur and the Belgium national team as a winger .
Lindy Kelly ( born 1952 ) is a children 's author , short story writer , playwright and thriller writer who lives in Nelson , New Zealand .
Gabriel Batz is a progressive house and trance producer and DJ from Montreal , Canada .
Anderson Santos is a Paralympic athlete from Brazil competing mainly in category F37 throwing events .
Yuttajak Kornchan(Thai : ยุทธจักร ก้อนจันทร์ , born May 31 , 1982 ) , simply known as Nhon ( Thai : หนอน ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Lawrence Waya ( born 25 May 1963 in Mphonde , Nyasaland ) is a former Malawi international football player and manager .
Chantal Réga ( born August 7 , 1955 in Nîmes ) is a retired track and field sprinter and hurdler from France , best known for winning the bronze medal in the women 's 400 m hurdles at the 1982 European Championships .
Berty Premalal Dissanayake ( 15 July 1954 -- 27 September 2013 ) was the chief Minister of the North Central Province of Sri Lanka from June 1999 to 2012 .
Sandro Dias , known as Mineirinho , is a Brazilian professional vert skateboarder who was born on April 18 , 1975 in Santo André , São Paulo , Brazil and currently resides in Santa Ana , California .
Benny Wahyudi is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Arema Cronus and the Indonesia national football team .
Since 1984 , Namananda Giri maintained PandurangaTemple in Thennangur , India and continued Swami Haridhos Giri - Guruji 's goal of spreading Namasankeerthan - The only easiest way to attain `` Moksha '' He also establish ashrams and continued charity work in the name of Swami Haridhos Giri and Swami Gnanananda Giri .
Panayiotis Panayiotou ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Παναγιώτου ; born 27 September 1988 in Nicosia , Cyprus ) is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays as a full - back for PAEEK in the Cypriot Second Division .
Lee Yock Suan ( born 30 September 1946 ) is a former politician from Singapore .
Xu Shiying ( 許世英 ; 1873 -- October 13 , 1964 , also romanized as Hsu Shih - ying ) was a Chinese Kuomintang politician of the Republic of China .
Henry Wilcoxon ( 8 September 1905 -- 6 March 1984 ) was an actor born in Roseau , Dominica , British West Indies , and best known as a leading man in many of Cecil B. DeMille 's films , also serving as DeMille 's associate producer on his later films .
Justus Frantz ( born May 18 , 1944 in Inowrocław , Poland , then Hohensalza , Germany ) is a German pianist , conductor , and television personality .
Jacek Gollob ( born 27 October 1969 in Bydgoszcz , Poland ) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who has twice won the individual Polish Championship ( in 1998 and 2000 ) , and has also won the team and pairs championships several times .
Gomez das Mariñas , who came from San Miguel das Negradas , Galicia , Spain , was firstly a Comendador in Spain and later was appointed Spanish Governor ( `` Virrey '' ) of the Philippines from 1590 - -1593 .
Adrian Neritani is the permanent representative of Albania to the United Nations .
Saleh bin Abdul - Aziz Al ash - Sheikh is a Saudi cleric who served as the minister of Islamic affairs , endowments , call and guidance of Saudi Arabia between 1996 and 2014 , and from 2015 to the present .
Silvia Baraldini ( born in Rome , Italy , December 12 , 1947 ) is an Italian activist .
Ariadne Hernández Rodríguez is a paralympic track and field athlete from Mexico competing mainly in category F53 middle to long distance events .
Eoin McCarthy ( born 1963 , Dun Laoghaire , County Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish actor .
Salomé Ureña de Henríquez ( October 21 , 1850 - -March 6 , 1897 ) better known as Salomé Ureña , was a revered poet and pedagogist of the Dominican Republic .
Major General Athar Abbas is a two - star general and a former military spokesperson for the Pakistan Defence Forces who served as the Director General of Inter Services Public Relations ( DG ISPR ) from January 2008 to June 2012 .
Josaiah Ndubuisi Wachuku was king , paramount chief , servant leader and Eze of Ngwa - land -- in the then Aba Division of Eastern Nigeria -- during British colonial times .
During his lifetime , Lorenzo Lotto was a well - respected painter and certainly popular in Northern Italy .
Jozef Obert ( born 4 January 1938 in Veľké Bielice , Czechoslovakia ) , nicknamed Joschi during his career in Austria , is a former Slovak football striker and later coach .
Gagamaru Masaru ( born 23 February 1987 as Teimuraz Jugheli , Georgian : თეიმურაზ ჯუღელი ) is a professional sumo wrestler from Georgia .
Ramesh Bikal ( Nepali : रमेश बिकल ) ( born 1932 , near Gokarna , Nepal in the Kathmandu Valley ) is a Nepalese writer who is known for his works portraying rural life and the lives of common people in Nepal .
Maureen Belky Ramírez Cardona , better known by her stage name Marbelle ( born in Buenaventura , Valle del Cauca , Colombia on 19 January 1980 ) is a Colombian singer singing pop and romantic ballads .
José Mestre ( born 26 of February 1956 in Lisbon , Portugal ) is a man known for having a 40 cm ( 16 in ) , 5 kg ( 11 lb ) haemangioma tumor on his face .
After a year in the National People 's Army , Thomas Heise worked as a director 's assistant between 1975 and 1978 in East Germany 's DEFA Film Studios , finishing his final exams at night school .
As soon as he had finished at the School of Fine Arts , Bernard Barillot held multiple exhibitions , first in France and then abroad .
Ivar Schmidt ( born 28 December 1946 ) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Mawson for the Liberal Party of Australia from 1979 to 1982 .
Yahya A. Muhaimin or Jahja Muhaimin ( born 17 May 1943 in Bumiayu , Central Java ) is a former Education Minister of Indonesia in the Gotong Royong Cabinet , established during Megawati Soekarnoputri 's presidency .
Mohammad Reza Soleimani ( Persian : محمدرضا سلیمانی‎ , born 3 August 1995 ) is an Iranian football midfielder , who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran 's Premier League football .
Dani Díez has played 7 times with the Spain national basketball team .
Isidore van Kinsbergen was born in Bruges in 1821 ( at that time , Bruges was part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands ) .
Shri Ram Narayan Sahu a politician from Samajwadi Party is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Uttar Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Helena Pilejczyk ( born 1 April 1931 in Zieluń , Poland as Helena Majcher ) , is a Polish speed skater with a remarkably long career .
Dániel Garas ( born 23 February 1973 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian cinematographer , director of photography .
Pierre - André Boutin ( born December 2 , 1934 in Ste - Marguerite , Quebec , Canada ) is a former Canadian politician and teacher .
Yamilé Aldama Pozo ( known as Yamilé Aldama , جميلة الداما ) ( born 14 August 1972 ) is an international triple jumper currently competing for Great Britain after formerly representing Cuba and Sudan .
Francis Peter Cusack ( 4 February 1919 - -14 December 1990 ) was a New Zealand labourer and character .
Hanno Coldam ( real name Heinz Matloch : 25 October 1932 -- 13 April 1992 ) was a Circus Animal Trainer from East Germany .
Niankoro Yeah Samake ( Pronunciation ) ( born February 27 , 1969 ) is a social entrepreneur and politician from Ouelessebougou , Mali .
Reginald Clifton Firth ( 1904 - -1980 ) was a New Zealand graphic designer and photographer .
Syed Tariq Hussain اردو : طارق حسین , born 23 April 1976 in Karachi , is an Pakistan - born Omani cricketer .
Renske Vellinga ( 26 October 1974 , Heerenveen -- 19 February 1994 , Sneek ) was an ice speed skater from the Netherlands , who won a bronze and a silver medal at the 1993 Dutch distance championships .
Hamidreza Divsalar ( Persian : حمیدرضا دیوسالار ; born June 25 , 1990‎‎ ) is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays for Paykan in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Raphael Tuju , EGH ( born 30 March 1959 ) is a Kenyan politician and a Presidential Candidate in Kenya 's forthcoming general elections .
Alireza Naghizadeh ( Persian : علیرضا نقی زاده‎‎ , born March 3 , 1993 in Tabriz , Iran ) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Siah Jamegan in the Iran Pro League and also for the Iran U-23 team .
Topal Osman Pasha was one of the key perpetrators of the Greek Genocide particularly in the north eastern region of Turkey historically known as Pontus .
Charles Johnson Pharazyn ( 11 October 1802 -- 16 August 1903 ) was a runholder , merchant , and member of the New Zealand Legislative Council .
Peter Mesheau ( born in Sackville , New Brunswick ) is a politician in New Brunswick , Canada .
Fahim Ashraf ( born 16 January 1994 ) is a Pakistani first - class cricketer who plays for National Bank of Pakistan .
Bodin Phala ( Thai : บดินทร์ ผาลา , born December 20 , 1994 ) simply known as Dom ( Thai : โดม ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Haxhi Selim Muça was an Albanian Muslim cleric who served as the Grand Mufti of Albania from 2004 to 2014 .
Scot Project ( born Frank Zenker , 29 May 1973 , Frankfurt , Germany ) is a German hard trance DJ and producer .
Sebastian Harnisch ( * 3 February 1967 in Germany ) is Professor of International Relations and Foreign Policy at the Faculty of Economic and Social Sciences of the University of Heidelberg .
Lieutenant General Lê Văn Nghiêm was an officer of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam .
Efisio Arru played a role in the study of parasitology in Italy , in particular the study and the fight against Echinococcus .
She belonged to the Béjart family , a famous theatre family in 17th - century France .
Maurizio Zaccaro ( born May 8 , 1952 , in Milan , Italy ) , is an Italian film director , cinematographer , film editor and screenwriter .
Lynn Beyak ( born February 18 , 1949 ) is a Canadian politician , who was named to the Senate of Canada to represent Ontario on January 25 , 2013 .
William James Broughton ( 6 January 1913 -- 23 September 1990 ) was a New Zealand jockey .
Guido Masiero was born into a middle - class family in Padova in the Kingdom of Italy on 24 August 1895 .
Juarez Machado ( born 1941 in Joinville , Santa Catarina , Brazil ) is a Brazilian painter .
Charles F. Rousseau ( 1908 -- 22 October 1976 ) was a Luxembourg philatelist who was added to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1973 .
Kerrie Byles ( born 17 July 1948 in Kingston , Jamaica ) , also known as `` Junior Byles '' , `` Chubby '' , or `` King Chubby '' , is a Jamaican reggae singer .
Wiremu Patara Te Tuhi ( ? --1910 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , newspaper editor , warrior and secretary to the maori king .
Liván Hernández is a baseball player from a poor family in Cuba .
Nguyễn Qúy An ( born January 18 , 1943 ) is a former Major in the Republic of Vietnam Air Force who risked his life to rescue four Americans in a downed chopper while he was on a different mission .
San Miguel del Arroyo is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid , Castile and León , Spain .
Gunnar S. Gundersen was born in Førde , in the county of Sogn og Fjordane , Norway .
Jamila Afghani ( born 1974 ) is a feminist and an activist for women 's rights and education in Afghanistan .
Sue Foley ( born March 29 , 1968 , Ottawa , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian blues singer and guitarist .
Ivan Demidov ( Russian : Ива́н Деми́дов , IPA : ( ɪˈvan dʲɪˈmʲidəf ) ; born 1981 ) is a professional poker player from Moscow , Russia .
Nicola Pettit ( née Cooney ) ( born 27 May 1978 ) is a New Zealand netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Waikato / Bay of Plenty Magic .
Shokat Ali ( born 4 March 1970 ) is an English snooker player of Pakistani descent , who represents Pakistan in international tournaments .
Changoleón ( 1941 ) AKA Changolion ( MonkeyLion in English ) , ( his name is Samuel Gonzalez Quiroz -see in El Universal Mexico news on line- ) was a Mexican celebrity , famous for his participation in the popular TV shows Toma Libre and Incógnito , both hosted by Facundo .
Gottfried Bammes ( 26 April 1920 -- 14 May 2007 ) was a professor of art at the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts , Germany .
Bernward Malaka ( born 1962 in Düsseldorf , West Germany ) is an internet entrepreneur and consultant .
Francesca Segat ( born January 21 , 1983 in Vittorio Veneto , Province of Treviso ) is a butterfly swimmer from Italy , who won the silver medal in the 200 m butterfly at the European Short Course Swimming Championships 2003 .
Mario Mandžukić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( mârjo mǎnd͡ʒukit͡ɕ ) ; born 21 May 1986 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Juventus and the Croatia national team .
Born in Nebraska , Randall Garrison eventually moved to Canada in 1973 .
Peter Malm ( September 22 , 1800 -- August 7 , 1868 ) was a major ship owner and merchant in Finland in the 19th century , and the father of Otto A. Malm .
Adandozan was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey , in present - day Benin , from 1797 until 1818 .
Francisco Morales Lomas ( b. Campillo de Arenas ( Jaén - Spain ) 1957 ) is a Poet , novelist , playwright , essayist and literary critic and member of the Generation of Transition .
Julia Sarr is a Mezzo - soprano born in Dakar ( Senegal ) from the Serer ethnic group .
Helen Gregory ( born 1946 ) is a prominent historian , author and retired public servant in and of Brisbane , Queensland Australia and its surrounds .
Andrés Navarro Haeussler ( born in Santiago de Chile , November 30 , 1948 ) is a Chilean businessman .
José Antonio Bottiroli was born in Rosario , Argentina on 1 January 1920 and died in Rosario on 15 March 1990 .
Farshad Janfaza ( Persian : فرشاد جانفزا‎‎ ) is an Iranian Football Forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Khuzestan in the Iran Pro League .
Maurice Blair ( born 16 October 1984 in Maryborough , Queensland , Australia ) is an Indigenous Australian professional rugby league player for Hull KR of the Super League .
Noppon Saengkham ( born July 15 , 1992 ) is a professional snooker player from Thailand .
A native of Paris , Olivier Ochanine began music studies in France .
Charles Livingstone Mbabazi ( born 18 October 1980 ) is a football coach and former footballer from Uganda who achieved fame at St Patrick 's Athletic Football Club in Ireland .
In January 2011 , David Lega started his new career as Deputy Mayor of Gothenburg , Sweden 's second largest city .
Alejandro Gil Pinedo , better known as Alejandro de Pinedo ( Cadiz , Andalusia , Spain 1965 ) is a Spanish composer , author , musical producer and chill - out music artist .
Robert Abigail ( born 1981 ) is a Dutch DJ from Rotterdam in The Netherlands .
Arnaud Sutchuin - Djoum ( born 2 May 1989 ) , also known as Arnaud Djoum or Arnaud Sutchuin , is a Cameroon - born Belgian footballer who plays for Scottish club Heart of Midlothian .
Chaehoi Fatihou ( 15 July 1971 ) he is a Comoros weightlifter , who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in the light heavyweight but he failed to lift his opening weight and therefore failed to advance .
Géza Gyimóthy ( born March 12 , 1952 ) is a former Hungarian politician , who served as one of the Deputy Speakers of the National Assembly of Hungary from June 18 , 1998 to September 19 , 2001 .
He is the ambassador for Golf Australia 's Crown Lager Social Golf Club and patron for Stuart Appleby Junior Golf .
Teiichi Okano ( Japanese : 岡野貞一 Okano Teiichi ; 16 February 1878 , Tottori , Tottori , Japan -- 29 December 1941 ) was a Japanese composer .
Giotto Bizzarrini ( 6 June 1926 in Quercianella , Livorno Province , Italy ) is an Italian automobile engineer active from the 1950s through the 1970s .
Nour Aka Sayed ( 6 October 1944 ) is a retired Afghanistan Greco - Roman wrestler , who competed at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games in the featherweight event .
Gilles Epié finished the first season ( 16 episodes ) of his reality show in France for Canal+/Cuisine+ , Dans La Vraie Vie D’un Grand Chef ( the true life of a grand chef ) that features his restaurant where he works alongside his wife Elizabeth and son Renald .
Shri Dattatreya Rama Rao Parvatikar , ( pronunciation:(d̪ət̪t̪ɑːt̪reːj ə rɑːmə rɑːʋ pərʋət̪ikɑːr ) ; दत्तात्रेय राम राव् पर्वतिकार् ) ( 1916 - 1990 ) , was prominent Hindu saint and a sanyasi of India .
Paddy Andrews was an Irish soccer player in the League of Ireland .
Peter Chelcicky or Petr Chelčický ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpɛtr̩ ˈxɛltʃɪtskiː ) ) ( c. 1390 -- c. 1460 ) was a Christian spiritual leader and author in 15th century Bohemia ( modern Czech Republic ) .
Hande Dalkılıç ( born in 1974 , Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish concert pianist .
Otto Acron was born 12 May 1935 as Alexander James Alsop in Sydney , Australia to Lilly Elizabeth and James Gess Alsop .
Audrius Butkevičius ( born September 24 , 1960 in Kaunas ) is a Lithuanian politician , a signatory of the Act of the Re - Establishment of the State of Lithuania , member of the Seimas ( parliament of Lithuania ) from November 25 , 1996 till October 18 , 2000 .
Hennie Top ( born 23 August 1956 ) is a former professional cyclist from Wekerom , Netherlands .
Adam Elliot ( born 2 January 1972 in Berwick , Victoria , Australia ) is an independent Australian stop - motion animation writer , director and producer based in Melbourne , Australia .
Percy Reid ( 1874 - November 14 , 1927 ) was Gold Commissioner of the Yukon Territory , Canada , between 1925 and 1927 .
Chandra Saradavara , the Princess of Phichit ( Thai : จันทราสรัทวาร ; rtgs : Chanthrasaratthawan ; 15 April 1873 -- 21 February 1905 ) , was the Princess of Siam ( later Thailand ) .
Michèle Rakotoson ( born 1948 ) is a writer , journalist , and film maker from Madagascar .
David Wilson Beaubier ( May 2 , 1864 in St. Mary 's , Province of Canada -- September 1 , 1938 ) was a Canadian politician .
Steve Makoni is a comedian , songwriter and solo guitarist from Zimbabwe .
Maria Podgorbunskaya ( a.k.a . Мария Подгорбунская ) is the editor - in - chief of the Kazakhstan edition of the monthly fashion magazine Harper 's Bazaar .
Mohammad Hatta ( listen ; 12 August 1902 -- 14 March 1980 ) was Indonesia 's first vice president , later also serving as the country 's prime minister .
Jivya Soma Mashe ( born 1934 ) is an artist of the Maharashtra state in India , who popularised the Warli tribal art form .
John Jacob Hess was born in Wald , Zurich , Switzerland on May 17 , 1584 to Hans Heinrich Hess , a bailiff , ( 1534 - -1587 ) and Adelheid Kuntz ( 1546 - -1585 ) .
Branislav Ivanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранислав Ивановић , pronounced ( brǎnislaʋ iʋǎːnoʋitɕ ) ; born 22 February 1984 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for English club Chelsea and the Serbia national team , which he captains .
Mariana Larrabure de Orbegoso is a Peruvian beauty queen born in Lima city who became `` Miss Peru World '' in 1998 at the age of 22 years .
The Cokossi , or Tchokossi is a traditional monarchy in northern Togo that has existed since at least the 17th century .
Juan Alfredo Pinto Saavedra ( born 2 November 1953 ) was Ambassador of Colombia to India with concurrent accreditation to Iran , Nepal , Sri Lanka , Bangladesh , and until 2011 , to Indonesia .
After emigration from Russia to Germany in 1992 , Boris Kerner worked for the Daimler company in Stuttgart .
Rauf Ceylan ( * June 19 , 1976 , in Duisburg , Germany ) is a sociologist and author .
Mika Kojonkoski ( born April 19 , 1964 in Rauma , Finland ) is a Finnish ski jumping coach and politician .
Osman Kürşat Duman ( born March 13 , 1987 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish professional footballer .
Margit Senf ( born 25 November 1945 in Leipzig , Germany ) is a former pair skater who represented East Germany and the Unified Team of Germany in competition .
Dharamvir Singh ( Hindi : धरमवीर सिंह ; born 5 August 1990 ) represented India in Men 's Hockey during the 2012 London Olympics .
Miguel Capuccini ( January 5 , 1904 in Montevideo -- June 9 , 1980 ) was an Uruguayan footballer who was part of the team that won the first ever World Cup in 1930 for Uruguay , but he did not play any matches in the tournament .
Kristoffer Ericson ( born 23 October 1978 , in Sweden ) is a Swedish Linux coder best known for his work on embedded systems .
Ahmad Balal ( born 1958 in Lahore , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani government official and diplomat who was formerly Pakistan 's Consul General in Hong Kong .
Yuli Gusman was born in Baku , Azerbaijan to military physician Solomon Gusman and professor Lola Barsuk , who later became a translator and professor at the Azerbaijan University of Languages .
Hamed Rezaei ( Persian : حامد رضایی‎ , was born 1983 in Urmia , West Azerbaijan ) is a volleyball player from Iran , who plays as a Middle - blocker & Central defender for Shahrdari Urmia VC in Iranian Volleyball Super League .
Filippo Palizzi was named commendatore of the Order of the Crown of Italy and of the Austrian Order of Franz Joseph , and honorary Associate of numerous Academies .
Necdet Darıcıoğlu ( b. May 4 , 1926 in Antalya , Turkey ) was a Turkish judge .
Belal Mansoor Ali ( Arabic : بلال منصور علي‎ ; born 17 October 1988 ) is a middle distance runner now representing Bahrain after changing nationality from Kenya .
Dan Sociu is a writer born May 20 , 1978 , in Botoşani , Romania .
Vladan Marković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владан Марковић ; born March 20 in Belgrade , Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian swimmer also considered to be one of the country 's all - time best .
Daniel Nazareth ( born 8 June 1948 in Bombay , India ; died 19 June 2014 ) was an Indian composer and conductor .
T. K. S. Elangovan ( Tamil : தி.கோ.சீ இளங்கோவன் ) ( born 30 August 1954 in Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu , India ) is a member of parliament in India .
Art mac Cuinn ( `` son of Conn '' ) , also known as Art Óenfer ( literally `` one man '' , used in the sense of `` lone '' , `` solitary '' , or `` only son '' ) , was , according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition , a High King of Ireland .
Purusottam Poudel , a member of Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) , assumed the post of the Minister of Youth and Sports of Nepal on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala - led government .
Benjamin Thomas Watt ( born June 13 , 1992 , Greenhithe , New Zealand ) is the world 's first openly gay professional boxing judge .
Georges Lakhovsky ( September 17,1869 in Russian Empire -- 1942 in New York City , USA ) was a Russian engineer , scientist , author and inventor .
Gábor Vető ( born December 19 , 1988 in Várpalota , Hungary ) is an undefeated professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division and is the former WBC Youth World Lightweight Champion .
Andrés Manzanares ( born November 26 , 1984 in Bariloche , Argentina ) is an Argentine association football defender .
Elisa Barnard ( born 27 May 1993 in Sydney , Australia ) is a recurve Australian archer .
Anne - Marie Lizin - Vanderspeeten ( 5 January 1949 -- 17 October 2015 ) was a Belgian politician , who served as the President of the Senate of Belgium from 2004 to 2007 .
Mbiganyi Thee ( born 26 May 1962 ) is a retired athlete from Botswana who specialised in the middle - distance events .
Andreas Christian Iversen ( 25 February 1834 - -6 September 1911 ) was a New Zealand goldminer , orchardist and irrigator .
Baron Cecil de Strycker ( 1915 - -2004 ) was a Belgian economist , civil servant , and former governor of the National Bank of Belgium ( NBB ) from 1975 until 1982 .
Mario Bellatin ( born July 23 , 1960 , Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican novelist .
Lino Guzzella , born in 1957 , is a binational ( Swiss and Italian ) professor at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich , Switzerland .
Anahera Herbert - Graves ( born June 12 , 1956 ) is the current Chief Executive Officer of Te Runanga - a - Iwi o Ngāti Kahu , the tribal parliament of the New Zealand - based Māori tribe known as Ngāti Kahu .
Petra Olli ( born June 5 , 1994 ) is a freestyle wrestler from Finland .
Savenaca Tokula ( born 6 June 1985 in Fiji ) is a Fijian - born New Zealand rugby union player .
Andrej Budal ( 31 October 1889 -- 7 June 1972 ) was a Slovene language writer , poet , journalist and translator from Italy .
Andrej Krementschouk ( Russian : Андрей Кременчук , Andrei Krementschuk ; born 2 May 1973 in Gorki , Soviet Union ) is a photographer who is based in Leipzig .
Ravi Gossain along with actor Priya Arya also heads a production house called Spicy Smile India Pvt Ltd.
Ruth Dolores Weiss ( Hebrew : רות דולורס וייס‎ ; born February 23 , 1978 , in Ashkelon , Israel ) is an Israeli musician .
Paul - Marie Yembit ( 22 December 1917 -- 1979 ) was a vice president of Gabon under Léon M'ba .
Necdet Kent was born in Istanbul , Turkey and got his secondary education from Galatasaray Lycee , as did some of his colleagues in the foreign ministry .
Ágnes Kaczander ( also known as Kaczander - Kiss ) ( born November 21 , 1953 in Budapest ) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Hungary , who competed at the Summer Olympics for her native country in 1972 .
Salomon Deyling was a Lutheran theologian , born on September 14 , 1677 , at Weida , in south - eastern Germany .
Enrique Cahen Salaberry ( born 12 October 1911 -- 29 June 1991 in Buenos Aires ) was a prolific Argentine film director whose career in the Cinema of Argentina as a movie director spanned five decades .
Oscar González Loyo ( born April 11 , 1959 in Mexico City ) is a comic book artist , author of Karmatrón y Los Transformables .
Lulzim Basha ( listen ; born 12 June 1974 ) is a prominent Albanian politician who was Mayor of Tirana , the capital of Albania , from 2011 to 2015 .
Mahmoud Taleghani ( alt . transliteration : Mahmud Taleqani ) ( 4 March 1911 -- 9 September 1979 ) was an Iranian theologian , Muslim reformer , democracy advocate and a senior Shi'a cleric of Iran .
Rebecca Smart has worked with some of Australia 's most renowned directors of Film , Television and Theatre .
Alberto Salom Echeverría ( born June 10 , 1952 -- in San José , Costa Rica ) is a Costa Rican politician .
Louie Ignacio ( born Luisito Lagdameo Ignacio in 1968 in Laguna ) is a television director in the Philippines .
Alessandro Stefano Cugurra Rodrigues ( known as Stefano Cugurra Teco ) , ( born July 25 , 1974 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a football manager and former player from Brazil .
Matthieu Hartley ( born 4 February 1960 ) is an English musician born in Smallfield , England .
Sergio Díaz - Granados Guida ( born 3 October 1968 ) was the 3rd Minister of Commerce , Industry and Tourism of Colombia .
Diego Oyarbide ( born in Rosario , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentina , Chile , Colombia , Venezuela and El Salvador .
João Pedro Pais ( born 1971 ) is a singer and musician from Portugal .
Catya Maré ( pronunciation : catya maree ) is a multiple award winning composer , music producer , classical crossover violinist , visual artist and writer from Germany , now located in California .
Salam al - Zaubai is an Iraqi politician who was the Deputy Prime Minister of Iraq from 2006 to 2007 .
Hans Mathisen ( born 27 July 1967 in Sandefjord , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz guitarist , educated on the Jazzprogram at Trondheim musikkonservatorium ( 1988 - -90 ) , well known for his Pat Metheny and Wes Montgomery inspired performances .
Manuel Alejandro Carrasco de la O , ( b. January 21 , 1983 , Chihuahua , Mexico ) commonly known as Menny , is a Mexican singer / songwriter , and former contestant of the popular Mexican reality television series La Academia and Segunda Oportunidad .
Kit Chan ( Chinese : 陈洁仪 ; pinyin : Chén Jiéyí , born 15 September 1972 , Singapore ) is a Chinese singer and actress of Singaporean nationality .
Sheikh Ahmad bin Ali bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani , ( 1920 - -1977 ) ( Arabic : أحمد بن علي بن عبد الله بن جاسم بن محمد آل ثاني‎ ) , also known as Sheikh Ahmad bin Ali Al Thani for short , was the eighth emir of Qatar who ruled from 1960 to 1972 .
Recently Johar Ali Khan represented India at the 60 years UNESCO celebration in Paris , where he had composed music for melody of dialogue among Civilizations Association .
Christine Lauterburg ( born March 12 , 1956 in Bern , Switzerland ) is a Swiss singer , yodeler , and actress .
Bela Duarte is an artist from Cape Verde , Born in the island of São Vicente and was studied decorative arts in Lisbon , Portugal .
Joris Vanvinckenroye began studying contrabass when he was 16 at the Music Academy of Lier in Belgium .
The Ellgaard family therefore moved to Munich , where Helmuth Ellgaard participated in starting the illustrated magazine Revue , which was one of the many new weekly magazines in post - war West Germany .
Emilia Solórzano Alfaro ( December 8 , 1835 -- July 18 , 1882 ) was the First Lady of Costa Rica during the periods of 1870 - -1876 and 1877 - -1882 .
Markus Wasmeier ( born 9 September 1963 in Schliersee , Bavaria , Germany ) is a former alpine ski racer and twice Olympic gold medalist .
Rabbi Chaim Kreiswirth ( 1918 - 2001 ) זצוק``ל was an Orthodox rabbi who served as the longtime Chief Rabbi of Congregation Machzikei Hadass Antwerp , Belgium .
Ian Bermingham , ( born 6 June 1989 in Dublin ) is an Irish professional footballer currently playing with League of Ireland club , St Patricks Athletic .
Luis Eduardo Matta , of Roman Catholic Lebanese origin , is considered one of the most important mystery and suspense authors in Brazil .
John Pohe ( 10 December 1914 - - 31 March 1944 ) , was a New Zealand Māori Royal New Zealand Air Force officer and bomber pilot who was taken prisoner during the Second World War .
Nantapol Supathai ( Thai : นันทพล ศุภไทย ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Jon Montgomery started skeleton racing when he lived in Calgary where he worked as an auctioneer not far from Canada Olympic Park in Calgary .
Vicente Zarazúa was born at Tacubaya ( Mexico ) in 1944 .
Adam Nawałka ( born 23 October 1957 in Kraków ) is a retired Polish football player and current manager of the Poland national football team .
Siositina Hakeai ( born March 1 , 1994 in Otahuhu ) is a New Zealand athlete .
Arnault Tzanck 's name is attached to an apparatus he invented that was widely used for transfusing blood in France between the wars , as well as a simple test he devised using the microscopic analysis of scrapings from skin cancer lesions , different ganglia , and some forms of dermatitis especially pemphigus .
Annie Rudman ( 1844 - -1928 ) was a notable New Zealand salvation army officer and social worker .
Maria Jacobsen was born in Denmark in the town of Siim near Ry on 6 November 1882 and as a child , she lived in Horsens with her father Jens Jacobsen and mother Ane Kristine Pedersen .
Noah Meisel ( 1891 - -1956 ) was a Jewish Bundist politician and doctor in Latvia .
Iuliana Gorea - Costin ( born November 28 , 1957 ) is a diplomat and politician from the Republic of Moldova .
Ellen Elizabeth Ferner ( 13 September 1869 -- 3 November 1930 ) was a New Zealand artist , photographer and community leader .
Amlan Datta ( Bengali : অম্লান দত্ত ) ( 1924 - -2010 ) was an economist and educationist from West Bengal , India .
Col . Charles Duncan McPherson ( April 11 , 1877 --1970 ) was a soldier , journalist and politician from Manitoba , Canada .
Hilde Hefte ( born 1 September 1956 in Kristiansand , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz singer .
Giovanni Maria Bernardoni ( 1541 - -1605 ) was a Jesuit monk and an Italian architect who was the first to design the Baroque style in Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania .
Tom McBeath is a Canadian actor living in Vancouver , Canada and is the winner of three Jessie Awards .
Tene Waitere ( 1853 - -1931 ) was a notable New Zealand Māori carver .
The Lhotshampa people inhabit Southern Bhutan ; thus , are also referred to as Southerners .
Mauro Canali is a full professor of contemporary history at the University of Camerino in Italy .
Ruth Hohmann ( born 19 August 1931 in Eisenach , Thuringia , Germany ) is a German jazz singer and university lecturer .
Flores Chaviano ( n. Caibarién , Villa Clara Province , Cuba 1946 ) is an accomplished Cuban composer , guitarist , professor and orchestral conductor that has achieved great international recognition .
Pierre Louki also appeared as stage author and actor and broadcast on France - Culture , while on television he took part in programmes of Jean - Christophe Averty .
Chaudhary Yashpal Singh ( c. 1921 -- 12 December 2015 ) was an Indian politician and Member of Parliament of India .
Mehmet Tahsini ( 1864- ? ) was an Albanian politician , active in the Ottoman Empire and Albania .
Chris Liebing ( born Christopher Liebing on 11 December 1968 in Gießen , Hesse , Germany ) is a techno DJ , music producer , radio host and founder of the record label CLR .
Daniel Faitaua is a New Zealand television news reporter of Samoan descent , currently working for One News .
Bach Made in Germany Vol . 1 - Cantatas II - Boy soprano , Hans - Joachim Rotzsch ( tenor ) , Hans Hauptmann , Thomanerchor , Gewandhausorchester , conductor Günther Ramin , Leipzig Classics Bach :
Horace Bastings ( 1831 - -1909 ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament from the Southland region of New Zealand .
Christine Werner was born in 1954 in Vienna , Austria ; today she is living in Vienna and Styria .
Nuno Montenegro ( born in1970 , Lisbon , Portugal ) is architect from the University of Lisbon ( 1995 ) having studied in Italy with Vittorio Gregotti and Aldo Rossi at Università Iuav di Venezia ( IUAV ) .
Patrice Otha is a Gabonese political figure who has been Director of the Cabinet of the President of Gabon since 2010 .
Simone Robertson ( 28 May 1975 in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian actress best known for her 1991 - -1993 role as Phoebe Gottlieb in the TV series Neighbours .
Khalil Jalil Hamza ( died August 11 , 2007 ) was the governor of Al - Qādisiyyah province , Iraq .
Georg Emil Hansen ( 1833 - -1891 ) was one of Denmark 's pioneering photographers in the second half of the 19th century .
Sara Groen ( born 6 March 1981 in Perth , Western Australia ) is an Australian actress and television presenter .
Kang Youwei ( Chinese : 康有為 ; Wade -- Giles : K'ang Yu - wei ; March 19 , 1858 -- March 31 , 1927 ) was a Chinese scholar , noted calligrapher and prominent political thinker and reformer of the late Qing dynasty .
Mrs W. H. Foley is best known for her major contribution to early theatrical entertainment in New Zealand between 1855 - 1867 .
Colonel Bolívar Urrutia Parrilla ( December 1 , 1918 - June 6 , 2005 ) was a Panamanian soldier and former President of Panama .
Ernst Loof ( 4 July 1907 -- 3 March 1956 ) was an automotive engineer and racing driver from Neindorf , Germany .
Utaiwan Kaensing ( Thai : อุทัยวรรณ แก่นสิงห์ ; RTGS : Uthaiwan Kaensing ) is a member of the Thailand women 's national volleyball team .
Afroditi Frida is a Greek singer , best known for representing Greece in the ESC 1988 .
As of 26 November 2014 Mariyan Ognyanov was the player with most assists during the season so far in Bulgaria .
He also leads the Brett Budgeon Band and has headlined music festivals alongside some of Australia 's leading popular music acts .
Manuel Menéndez Gorozabel ( 1793 -- May 2 , 1847 ) was President of Peru on three occasions , from 1841 to 1842 and twice in two brief periods in August 1844 and finally on October 1845 .
Mokhtar Nourafshan is a paralympic athlete from Iran competing mainly in category F53 throwing events .
Friedel de Wet ( born 26 June 1980 in Durban , Natal Province , South Africa ) is a retired South African first - class and Test cricketer .
Eria Tutara - Kauika Raukura ( 1834 - -1938 ) was a New Zealand tribal tohunga .
Harout Chitilian ( TAO : Հարութ Շիթիլեան , RAO : Հարութ Շիթիլյան ) ( born in 1980 ) is a city councillor from Montreal , Quebec , Canada , and chairman of the council .
She has several great Jazz musicians from Denmark in her bands , the Thulla 's Organic Orchestra and since 2005 also the Thullabandulla Band .
Amba Bongo is a writer and advocate for refugees from the Democratic Republic of the Congo - Kinshasa .
Arthur R. Richardson ( May 13 , 1862 -- January 7 , 1936 ) was a pilot , farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Renee Gartner is an entertainment personality and television presenter from Australia , and daughter of rugby league player Russel Gartner .
Francesco Buhagiar ( 7 September 1876 -- 27 June 1934 ) , son of Michele Buhagiar and Filomena Mifsud , was the second Prime Minister of Malta ( 1923 - 1924 ) .
He was born in Stanstead Plain , Lower Canada , the son of Charles McClary and Betsy Cass , was educated in Compton and settled on a farm at Sainte - Edwidge - de - Clifton .
Janet Gillies ( 31 January 1864 - -24 July 1947 ) was a New Zealand civilian and military nurse , army nursing administrator .
Jocelyne Savard better known as JoJo Savard , is a medium , or psychic , in Canada .
Tom Northcott ( born August 29 , 1943 in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada ) is a Canadian folk - rock singer with hits in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Aart Kemink ( 1914 - -2006 ) ( variant names Arie Kemink , Art Kemink ) was a Dutch - Canadian painter , born May 30 , 1914 in Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
Clive Boughton ( born 4 August 1956 ) is an Australian computer science professor residing in Canberra , Australia .
Rachel Traets ( born 16 August 1998 ) is a singer from the Netherlands .
Lindsey Collen ( born 1948 Mqanduli , Umtata , Transkei , South Africa ) is a Mauritian novelist , and activist .
Abner Clough ( 13 September 1840 - -22 April 1910 ) was a New Zealand farm worker and character .
Captain Franciszek Błażej ( noms de guerre `` Roman '' , `` Bogusław '' ) was born 1907 in an unknown location , in southeastern Poland .
Pål Jackman ( born 20 September 1967 , Haugesund , Norway ) is a Norwegian film director and musician .
Olusegun Mimiko ( Yoruba : Olúṣẹ́gun Mímikò ; born 3 October 1954 ) is the current governor of Ondo State , Nigeria .
Jan Pronk was born in Scheveningen in the Netherlands on March 16 , 1940 .
Bar Hebraeus was born in the village of ʿEbra ( Izoli , Turk . : Kuşsarayı ) near Malatya , Sultanate of Rûm ( modern Turkey , now in the province of Elazig ) .
Martin Tranmæl grew up in a middle - sized farm in Melhus , in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The October Cherries were a late 1960s group from Singapore .
Maria Jansson , known in history as Kisamor ( English : The Mother of Kisa ) , ( 1788 - -1842 ) , was a Swedish natural doctor , one of the most notable and well - known of 19th century physicians in Sweden .
Nian Gengyao ( simplified Chinese : 年羹尧 ; traditional Chinese : 年羹堯 ; pinyin : Nián Gēngyáo ; 1679 -- January 13 , 1726 ) , courtesy name Lianggong ( 亮功 ) , was a Chinese military commander of the Qing dynasty .
Marcelo Figueras ( born 1962 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a writer and a screenwriter .
Kyle Cerminara is a United States of America Olympic wrestler .
In 2007 Italy 's Rai Uno presented the TV film St. Giuseppe Moscati :
Gregory James Tristran Hegglun ( born 7 August 1984 ) , aka Greg Hegglun , is a New Zealand cricketer who plays for Central Districts Stags in the State Shield .
Marshal Choe Kwang ( July 17 , 1918 -- February 21 , 1997 ) was a prominent military leader in North Korea .
Björling was born on 19 October 1871 in Stockholm , Sweden and was the son of Johan Alfred Björling and Lydia Kastengren .
N. Leelakrishnan , also known as Leela in Indian motorsport circles , is a six - time INRC Motor Rally Champion and one time Formula 3 ( India ) champion from Coimbatore , India .
Barbara Kemp was born in Cochem , Germany and studied singing at the Strasbourg Conservatory .
Bolota Asmerom ( born 12 October 1978 in Asmara , Eritrea ) is a long - distance runner who competed for Eritrea before gaining a US visa in 2002 .
Percy Beveridge was ( 1875 -- 31 July 1947 ) was a New Zealand cricketer who played two first - class matches for the Auckland Aces in the Plunket Shield .
Alexander Pointner ( born January 1 , 1971 in Grieskirchen , Oberösterreich ) is the former head coach of Austria ski jumping team .
Tom Molloy ( Australia ) , was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) , Australia 's major rugby league competition .
Zita Görög ( in Hungarian : Görög Zita ) ( born September 27 , 1979 in Nagybátony , Hungary ) is a Hungarian actress and model , often credited as Zita Gorog .
Orou Gabé Orou Sego is a member of the Pan - African Parliament from Benin , beginning in 2004 .
João Bernardo Vieira II , born in Bissau in August 17 , 1977 is the Secretary of State for Transport and Communications of Guinea - Bissau and the spokesperson of the biggest party in Guinea - Bissau .
August William Kolehmainen ( December 30 , 1887 -- June 26 , 1967 ) , known in Finland as Viljami Kolehmainen , was a Finnish - American long - distance runner and track and field coach .
Mallam Aliyu Mai - Bornu ( 1919 - 23 February 1970 ) was a Nigerian economist , and the first indigenous Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria .
Heikki L , real name Heikki Liimatainen , is a house music producer , DJ and remixer from Finland .
The Venerable Chanmyay Sayadaw U Janakābhivaṃsa , ( Burmese : ချမ်းမြေ့ဆရာတော် ဦးဇနကာဘိဝံသ , pronounced : ( tɕʰáɴmjḛ sʰəjàdɔ̀ ú za̰nəkàbḭwʊ̀ɴθa̰ ) ; born 24 July 1928 ) is a Theravada Buddhist monk from Myanmar .
Njoki Susanna Ndung'u ( born , 20 September 1965 ) is a Kenyan lawyer and an Associate justice of the Supreme Court of Kenya .
Mestre Cobra Mansa ( born Cinézio Feliciano Peçanha , 1960 in Duque de Caxias , Brazil ) commonly known as Cobrinha , Cobrinha Mansa , is a mestre or master of Capoeira Angola .
Ángel Martínez Casado ( Retuerto , León Province , Spain , 1947 ) is a Dominican friar and PhD ( doctor ) in History and Theology .
Giovanni Passannante ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒoˈvanni ˈpassanˈnantɛ ) ; February 19 , 1849 -- February 14 , 1910 ) was an Italian anarchist who attempted to assassinate king Umberto I of Italy , the first attempt against Savoy monarchy since its origins .
Neeta Kadam ( Devanagari : नीता कदम ) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India .
Sergey Ivanovich Morozov ( Russian -- Серге́й Ива́нович Моро́зов ) ( born 6 September 1959 , Ulyanovsk ) is the governor of Ulyanovsk Oblast in Russia .
Elin Rosseland ( born April 5 , 1959 in Norway ) is a singer , bandleader , and composer who studied at the Norwegian Academy of Music and is known from collaborations with Vigleik Storaas , Johannes Eick , Sidsel Endresen , Eldbjørg Raknes , Christian Wallumrød , and Johannes Eick .
Bageshwori Dutt Chataut ( Nepali : बागेश्वरी दत्त चटौत ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) .
On 7 May 2012 , Storebrand announced that Idar Kreutzer would leave Storebrand and join Finance Norway as managing director .
Wilson Bugembe is a Ugandan gospel musician and pastor at `` Light the World Ministries '' in Kampala , Uganda
After the war , Nikitaras was jailed with his uncle Kolokotronis as strong opponents of the Bavarian King Otto of Greece .
Touch Pancharong ( born 5 March 1990 , in Koh Kong , Cambodia ) is Cambodian footballer who plays for home town club Boeung Ket Angkor in Cambodian League .
Xu Zhongxing , Encyclopedia of China ( Chinese Literature Edition ) , 1st ed .
Eric Rijkaert also written Eric Rijckaert ( 1943 --27 January 2001 ) was born in Oostwinkel , Belgium .
Luis Mena Vado was the President of Nicaragua from 27 to 30 August 1910 , after the fall of the government of General José Santos Zelaya .
Michael Sagmeister ( born 27 July 1959 in Frankfurt , Germany ) is a German Jazz guitarist .
Hannah Monyer ( born 3 October 1957 , in Laslea , Romania ) is a Romanian - born ( Transylvanian Saxon ) German neurobiologist and , since 1999 , she has been Director of the Department of Clinical Neurology at the University Hospital in Heidelberg .
Abdul - Basit Adam ( born 13 February 1995 , Kumasi , Ghana ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer , who plays as a striker for Free State Stars .
Arthur Fairchild Pearce ( 18 December 1903 -- 6 March 1990 ) was a New Zealand clerk , jazz specialist , broadcaster and pianist .
Vũ Anh Tuấn ( born on September 15 , 1987 in Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a Midfielder for Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C ..
Bomb Girls is a Canadian television drama that debuted on January 4 , 2012 on Global and Univision Canada in Spanish .
The Legend of the Sky Kingdom is a 2003 animated feature film from Zimbabwe - the country 's and Africa 's first .
Fat Choi Spirit ( traditional Chinese : 嚦咕嚦咕新年財 ; simplified Chinese : 呖咕呖咕新年财 ) is a 2002 Hong Kong comedy film produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka - fai , and starring Andy Lau , Lau Ching - wan , Louis Koo , Gigi Leung and Cherrie In .
Gattu released in India on 20 April 2012 .
Cincin ( which literally translates to ' ring cakes ' in English ) is a traditional kuih for the Bruneian Malay people in the states of Sabah in East Malaysia .
South Asian Veggie Table is a cooking show first produced for the Omni Television , an Ontario television network in Canada .
AT5 ( Amstel Television 5 ) is a local television station in Amsterdam , The Netherlands .
The London Mathematical Society ( LMS ) is one of the United Kingdom 's learned societies for mathematics ( the others being the Royal Statistical Society ( RSS ) and the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications ( IMA ) ) .
It is set in France , centering on the character Brice of Nice ( `` Brice de Nice '' ) originally created by Dujardin for a stage sketch .
Krotekaker is a traditional flatbread from the Hardanger region of Norway .
Chakka prathaman is a traditional payasam ( pudding ) of Kerala , India .
Two months later on December 17 , Just Friends ? was theatrically released in South Korea .
Najbolje godine ( English : The best years ) was the popular Croatian television drama series produced by Nova TV ( Croatia ) .
The Constitution of the Year VIII ( French : Constitution de l'an VIII ) was a national constitution of France , adopted December 24 , 1799 ( during the Year VIII of the French Revolutionary Calendar ) , which established the form of government known as the Consulate .
Dong Puno Live is a live , debate program of ABS - CBN shown late nights in the Philippines .
The Truth About Jane and Sam ( Chinese : 真心話 ; Simplified Chinese : 真心话 ) is a 1999 Hong Kong film co - produced by Hong Kong 's Film Unlimited and Singapore 's Raintree Pictures .
The Prêmio Jabuti ( the `` Tortoise Prize '' ) is a well - known literary award in Brazil .
Leblon Cachaça is a premium artisanal brand of the spirit cachaça ( pronounced ka - SHA - sa ) produced at the Destilaria Maison Leblon in the Minas Gerais region of Brazil .
Pour Un Maillot Jaune is a French 1965 documentary -- described as a cinematic tribute -- about the 1965 Tour de France .
Pièces à Conviction ( French for `` incriminating evidence '' ) is a monthly French investigative journalism TV program that airs on France 3 .
Sang Penari touches on the history of communism in Indonesia , focusing on the nation 's communist party spreading its ideology and the government 's purge of the Communist Party 's members from 1965 - -1966 , which is thought to have killed several hundred thousand .
Henry 's World is a Canadian animated children 's series produced for Canada 's Family Channel by Cuppa Coffee Animation and Alliance Atlantis Communications .
Our Rice House ( Chinese : 我们的饭店 ) is a modern Singaporean Chinese 8 episode family drama which is telecast on Singapore 's free - to - air channel , MediaCorp TV Channel 8 .
Produced in partnership with the Canadian Film Centre , the Canada Council , Telefilm Canada and the Ontario Film Development Corporation , Zero Patience opened to mixed reviews but went on to win a number of prestigious Canadian film awards .
Ekbar Bolo Bhalobashi ( Bengali : একবার বল ভালবাসি ; English : Just One Time , say you love me ) is a Dhallywood Bengali film that released on August 31 , 2011 in Eid ul - Fitr and went on to become a box - office success in Bangladesh .
Boxer 's Adventure , also released as Militant Eagle , is a 1979 Taiwan martial arts action film starring Tao - liang Tan and Jack Lung Sai - Ga .
Kick - Heart was the first successful anime project from a major commercial animation studio in Japan to use crowdfunding ( via Kickstarter ) to finance its production .
Sensing Murder is a television series in New Zealand , Australia , and the United States , in which alleged psychics are asked to act as psychic detectives to help provide evidence that might be useful in solving famous unsolved murder cases in each country by communicating with the deceased victims .
Weekendavisen ( meaning The Weekend Newspaper in English ) is a Danish weekly broadsheet newspaper published on Fridays in Denmark .
Fantasy Mission Force ( Chinese : 迷你特攻隊)(Min ne te gong - dui ) is a 1983 Hong Kong action - comedy film directed by Chu Yen - ping and starring Jackie Chan ( who got top billing ) in a supporting role , Brigitte Lin , Jimmy Wang Yu .
David der Tolhildan is a 2007 documentary film directed by Mano Khalil and produced in Switzerland .
The .303/25 , sometimes known as the .25/303 is a wildcat centrefire rifle cartridge , based on the .303 British , necked down to fire a .257 projectile , originating in Australia in the 1940s as a cartridge for sporterised rifles , particularly on the Lee--
Ed 's Nite In is a Canadian short - lived TV series on Citytv in Toronto , Canada , hosted by Ed the Sock .
Elders with Andrew Denton is a television interview show broadcast on ABC1 in Australia .
At the End of My Leash also airs in Canada on Global , HGTV and The National Geographic Channel .
The Bar Ilan Responsa Project ( the Global Jewish Database ) is a collection of Jewish texts in Hebrew , released on CD by the Bar - Ilan University ( in Ramat Gan , Israel ) .
Potter Puppet Pals is a puppet show web series parodying the Harry Potter novel series by JK Rowling , created by Neil Cicierega .
The Alchemist Discovering Phosphorus is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby originally completed in 1771 then reworked in 1795 .
The A - Team was created by writers and producers Stephen J. Cannell and Frank Lupo at the behest of Brandon Tartikoff , NBC 's Entertainment president .
Operation Dropshot was the United States Department of Defense codename for a contingency plan for a possible nuclear and conventional war with the Soviet Union and its allies in order to counter the anticipated Soviet takeover of Western Europe , the Near East and parts of Eastern Asia expected to start around 1957 .
The World of Null - A , sometimes written The World of Ā , is a 1948 science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt .
White House at Night is an oil on canvas painting created on 16 June 1890 at around 8:00 PM in the small town of Auvers - sur - Oise by Vincent van Gogh , a mere six weeks before his death .
John from Cincinnati is the result of a collaborative effort between writer / producer David Milch and author Kem Nunn , whose novels have been termed `` surf noir '' .
Tom Strong is a comic book created by writer Alan Moore and artist Chris Sprouse , initially published bi - monthly by America 's Best Comics , an imprint of DC Comics ' Wildstorm division .
Nip / Tuck is an American television drama series created by Ryan Murphy ; it aired on FX in the United States from July 18 , 2003 to March 3 , 2010 .
The Zoka - ol - Molk I is a painting by the Iranian realism painter Kamal - ol - molk with oil on cotton duck .
The Portrait of Giovanni de ' Medici as a Child ( c. 1545 ) is an oil on panel painting by the Florentine artist Agnolo Bronzino .
The Creation of Adam is a fresco painting by Michelangelo , which forms part of the Sistine Chapel 's ceiling , painted c. 1511 - -1512 .
O Glorioso Retorno de Quem Nunca Esteve Aqui is the first studio album by the Brazilian rapper Emicida .
Arc de 124,5 ° is an outdoor sculpture by the French conceptual artist Bernar Venet , installed in Tempelhof - Schöneberg , Berlin , Germany .
Seven Easy Pieces was a series of performances given by artist Marina Abramović in New York City at the Guggenheim Museum in November 2005 .
Evil Con Carne is an American animated series / spin - off of Grim & Evil and sister show of The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy , created by Maxwell Atoms .
Johnny Bravo is an American animated television series created by Van Partible for Cartoon Network , and the second of the network 's Cartoon Cartoons .
The Expulsion of Heliodorus from the Temple is a fresco of the Italian renaissance painter Raphael .
L'Homme au hamac , also referred to as Man in a Hammock , is a painting created in 1913 by the French artist , theorist and writer Albert Gleizes .
The Following is an American television drama series created by Kevin Williamson , and jointly produced by Outerbanks Entertainment and Warner Bros. Television .
The Woody Woodpecker Show is a long - running 30-minute American television series mainly composed of the animated cartoon escapades of Woody Woodpecker and other Walter Lantz characters including Andy Panda , Chilly Willy , and Inspector Willoughby released by Walter Lantz Productions .
The Eidophusikon ( Greek : Ειδωφυσικον ) was a piece of art , no longer extant , created by 18th century English painter Philip James de Loutherbourg .
The Sock Knitter is a 1915 painting by the Australian artist Grace Cossington Smith .
Impression , Sunrise ( French : Impression , soleil levant ) is a painting by Claude Monet .
A Winter Scene with Skaters near a Castle is an oil on oak painting undertaken between 1608 and 1609 by the Dutch artist Hendrick Avercamp .
Created by Gene Deitch under the Terrytoons studio ( which by that time was a subsidiary of CBS , the network that broadcast Captain Kangaroo ) , Tom Terrific ran in a series of five - minute cartoons created specifically for the Captain Kangaroo show from 1957 - 1959 , and was rerun on Kangaroo for years thereafter .
Portrait of Mariana of Austria is an oil - on - canvas painting by Diego Velázquez completed in 1652 - -53 .
Taste in High Life is an oil - on - canvas painting ( engraving seen on the right ) from around 1742 , by William Hogarth .
Femme aux Bras Croisés ( Woman with Folded Arms ) , is a painting by Pablo Picasso done in 1902 during his Blue Period .
Happy Tree Friends ( HTF ) is an American flash cartoon created and developed by Aubrey Ankrum , Rhode Montijo , Kenn Navarro and Warren Graff for Mondo Media .
Brenda Walker ( born in Grafton , New South Wales in 1957 ) is an Australian writer .
Maher Sabry ( in Arabic ماهر صبري , born 11 April 1967 ) is an Egyptian theater director , playwright , film director , producer and screenwriter , poet , writer and cartoonist .
Ebenezer Henderson ( 17 November 1784 -- 17 May 1858 ) was a Scottish minister and missionary .
Mark Wildman ( born 25 January 1936 ) is an English snooker and pool commentator and a retired professional snooker and English billiards player .
Paul Earley ( born 3 July 1964 ) is a former Irish sportsman who played Australian rules football for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and Gaelic football for Roscommon .
Dave Holby ( born 25 December 1980 ) is a British indoor rowing endurance world record holder .
Prince Abdi ( born 21 July 1982 ) is a Somali - born British stand - up comedian and actor .
Ofer Lellouche ( Hebrew : עופר ללוש‎ , born 1947 ) is an Israeli painter , sculptor , etcher and video artist
Herbert Hall Winslow ( 1865 - -1930 ) was an American stage actor and playwright .
John Nugent , 5th Earl of Westmeath ( 1671 -- 3 July 1754 ) .
Jeff Rein ( born 1953 ) is a former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens , a drug store chain in the United States .
Bob Shaheen ( born 1933 as Robert A. Shaheen ) is a retired American businessman of Syrian descent who worked in Saudi Arabia starting in the early 1960s .
Violet Tweedale , née Chambers ( 1862 -- 10 December 1936 ) , was a Scottish author , poet , and spiritualist .
Liu Yue ( Chinese : 刘越 born 12 July 1975 ) is a former Chinese international football defender who played for Shandong Luneng , Yunnan Hongta F.C. and Chongqing Lifan F.C. while also representing China in the 1996 Asian Cup .
Conor O'Grady ( born 27 May 1980 ) is a former Irish footballer who last played for Ballinamallard United .
Jacques - Louis Copia , a French engraver , was born at Landau in 1764 .
Simon Maina Munyi ( born 18 March 1978 ) is a Kenyan former long - distance runner who competed in track and road running events .
Gary M. Burge ( born 1952 ) is an American author and professor .
Atif Butt ( born 28 November 1969 ) is a Pakistani - born former Danish cricketer .
Liu Shueh - Shuan ( Chinese : 劉學軒 ; pinyin : Liú Xuéxuān ) ( 4 March 1969 in Chang - hua , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese composer .
Jelena Mihailović , also known as Jela Mihailovic ( born 6 October 1987 ) , is a Serbian cellist based in Belgrade and Los Angeles who performs classical and contemporary music under the artistic name JelaCello .
Joe Oloka - Onyango ( born 16 September 1960 in North London , England ) is a Ugandan lawyer and academic .
Ben Helfgott ( born 22 November 1929 ) is a Polish born British Holocaust survivor and former champion weightlifter .
Tan Wei Shu ( born 8 February 1956 ) was the Member of the State Assembly of Kedah for the seat of Bakar Arang from 2008 to 2013 .
Azis ( Cyrillic : Азис ) ( born Vasil Trayanov Boyanov ; Cyrillic : Васил Трaянов Боянов ) ( born 7 March 1978 ) is a Bulgarian Chalga ( pop - folk ) singer , of Roma ( Gypsy ) descent .
Ekaterina Karsten ( Belarusian : Кацярына Карстэн , Kaciaryna Karsten ; Russian : Екатерина Карстен ; born 2 June 1972 ) is a Belarusian rower , an Olympic champion and world champion in single sculls .
Annica Dahlström ( born 1941 ) is a Swedish physician and Professor Emerita of Histology and Neuroscience at the Department of Medical Chemistry and Cell Biology at Gothenburg University .
Gabriel Thomson ( born 27 October 1986 ) is an English actor , best known for his role as Michael Harper in the British situation comedy series My Family .
`` Grace '' Peng Yun ( Chinese : 彭云 ; born 15 July 1974 ) is a former international badminton player from China , now representing the United States .
Cheryl Anne Lorance ( born 1969 in Muncie , Indiana ) is an American sculptor , painter , goldsmith , and intaglio printmaker .
Katarína Kachlíková ( born 2 June 1985 in Žilina , Czechoslovakia ) is a former professional Slovak tennis player .
Aki Ra is unsure of his age , but believes he was born in 1970 or 1973 .
Aleksander Konjajev ( born 3 June 1909 ) was a Russian born Slovene agronomist and dean of the Biotechnology Faculty at the University of Ljubljana .
Kwon Sang - ha(1641 - September 2 , 1712 ) was a politician and Neo - Confucian scholar of Joseon Dynasty .
Yu Guoxing ( Chinese : 俞国行 ; born December 1944 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China and the former chairman of Zhejiang People 's Congress .
Huang E ( Chinese : 黄峨 ; 1498 - -1569 ) was a Chinese poet of the Ming dynasty and is also known as Huang Xiumei ( 黄秀眉 ) .
Patrick Doyle ( born 6 April 1953 ) is a Scottish film composer .
Sir John Allen Johnson - Walsh , 1st Baronet ( c. 1745 -- December 1831 ) was an Irish landowner and Member of Parliament .
Augusto Alberici ( born September 1846 , Trastavere , Rome ) was an Italian painter and antiquarian .
Nam Le ( born 1978 ) is a Vietnamese - born Australian writer , who won the Dylan Thomas Prize for his book The Boat , a collection of short stories .
Slavo Kukić ( born 1954 in Vinjani , Posušje , Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian Croat sociologist and politician .
Gumpe Rime ( born 12 October 1975 in Aalo Arunachal Pradesh ) is a former Indian footballer and is the current Head of Youth DevelopementSLFC .
Colin Tommis ( born 1958 ) is a composer , song writer , session guitarist and teacher .
Joseph Bentwich ( Hebrew : ' יוסף בנטוויץ‎ ; born 3 February 1902 , died 1982 ) was an Israeli educator .
Rabbi Yaakov Yitzchok Ruderman ( 1901 , Daŭhinava - July 11 , 1987 ) was a prominent Talmudic scholar and rabbi who founded and served as rosh yeshiva ( yeshiva head ) of Yeshiva Ner Yisroel in Baltimore .
Boyan Tabakov ( Bulgarian : Боян Табаков ) ( born on 2 February 1990 ) is a Bulgarian footballer .
Horia Brenciu ( born 27 August 1972 in Brașov ) is a Romanian singer , television host for the Romanian version of Dancing with the Stars , successful entertainer , and philanthropist .
Joralf Gjerstad ( born 11 April 1926 ) is a Norwegian self identified psychic and faith healer .
Trefor Puw ( born 1958 ) Is a Welsh politician and member of Plaid Cymru .
Israr Ahmad ( 19 December 1940 -- 2 April 2010 ) was an Indian theoretical nuclear physicist and professor at Aligarh Muslim University since 1961 .
Sir James Anderson ( 1824 - 1893 ) captained the SS Great Eastern on the laying of the Transatlantic telegraph cable in 1865 and 1866 .
Christoffer Karlsson ( born 27 January 1988 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Linköping City He was bought by Djurgårdens IF from Åtvidaberg at the start of the 2005 season , and was loaned out to Åtvidaberg for 2005 and 2006 and joined Djurgården in 2007 .
Sergent Blandan ( 9 February 1819 -- 12 April 1842 ) was a French soldier , Jean Pierre Hippolyte Blandan , known for his historic resistance on the battlefield at Boufarik in Algeria .
Rosamunde Pilcher , OBE ( née Scott ; born 22 September 1924 ) is a British writer of several short - stories and 28 romance novels and mainstream women 's fiction from 1949 to 2000 , when she retired from writing .
Julian Jeanvier ( born 31 March 1992 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Red Star F.C in the Ligue 2 on loan from Ligue 1 side Lille OSC .
Hans Warren Christie ( born 4 November 1975 ) is a Northern Irish - born Canadian television and film actor known for his roles as Ray Cataldo on the ABC drama October Road and as Aidan `` Greggy '' Stiviletto on the ABC series Happy Town .
Matija Ahacel , also known in German as Matthias Achazel ( 24 February 1779 -- 23 September 1845 ) , born Matija Kobentar , was a Carinthian Slovene philologist , publicist , and collector of folk songs .
Mansooreh Hosseini ( Persian : منصوره حسینی ; born 1926 -- 13 June 2012 ) was an Iranian contemporary artist and one of the pioneers of the country 's modern art .
Jürg Federspiel ( 28 June 1931 -- 12 January 2007 ) was a Swiss writer , born in Kemptthal , Canton Zurich .
Éva Tétényi ( born 25 December 1961 ) is a Hungarian politician , who served as the mayor of Esztergom between 2010 and 2014 .
Sokratis Dioudis ( Greek : Σωκρατης Διουδης ; born 3 February 1993 ) is a Greek footballer .
Zenobius Membre , O.M.R. ( 1645 - -c.1687 ) , was a French Franciscan Recollect friar and missionary in North America .
Polhané Sönam Topgyé ( Tibetan : ཕོ་ལྷ་ནས་བསོད་ནམས་སྟོབས་རྒྱས , Wylie : Pho lha nas bsod nams stobs rgyas ) ( 1689 -- 12 March 1747 ) was one of the most important political personalities of Tibet in the first half of the 18th century .
Madeleine Rosca ( born Madeleine Bensley ; 1977 ) is an Australian artist and author .
Mieczysław Gocuł ( born 21 May 1963 ) is a Polish General and the Chief of General Staff of the Polish Armed Forces since May 2013 .
Enrique Boned Guillot ( born 4 May 1978 ) , commonly known as Kike , is a former Spanish futsal player who plays for ElPozo Murcia FS as a Defender .
Charles John Brydges ( 23 February 1827 in London , England -- 16 February 1889 in Winnipeg ) the son of Thomas and Mary Brydges .
Michal Šlesingr ( ˈmɪxal ˈʃlɛsɪŋɡr̩ ) ( born 3 February 1983 ) is a Czech biathlete .
Mark Calderwood ( born 25 October 1981 in Greenwich , London ) is an English professional rugby league footballer .
Jesús Aarón Soto Sánchez ( born 2 July 1985 ) is a Mexican former football goalkeeper who played for Chiapas reserve team .
Chao Yat ( 草日 , 21 May 1968- ) is a Hong Kong comics artist , his comics first appeared in Ming Pao in 1991 .
Ola Schubert ( formerly Ola Bergner ) ( born 19 March 1972 in Täby ) is a Swedish Flash animator whose films have won awards in film festivals and on popular internet sites such as Newgrounds and FWA .
Igone de Jongh ( born 9 September 1979 ) is a Dutch ballerina and principal dancer with the Dutch National Ballet .
Jody Arnol ( born 25 September 1968 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played for St Kilda in the Australian Football League during the 1990 and 1991 AFL seasons .
Yanis Sahraoui better known by his stage name Sliimy , pronounced like `` Jimmy '' , ( born 16 September 1988 ) is a French pop musician of Moroccan - Algerian descent who in 2009 released the album Paint Your Face , which reached number 2 in the French charts .
Marvin Klegman ( c. 1938 - April 13 , 1949 ) was a member of the school safety patrol at Lowell Elementary School in Tacoma , Washington who was killed during the 1949 Olympia earthquake .
Karolis Bauža ( born 24 April 1987 ) is a Lithuanian judoka from city of Jurbarkas .
Frank Brannon ( born 1965 ) is a book and paper artist living near Dillsboro in North Carolina .
Tom Boonen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈtɔm ˈboːnə(n ) ) ; born 15 October 1980 ) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who won the 2005 world road race championship .
Borislav Dević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борислав Девић , born 9 January 1963 ) is a Serbian retired track athlete and marathoner who specialized in various disciplines in middle - distance and long - distance races .
Nigel Burch ( born 1954 , Braintree , Essex ) is an east London songwriter , musician , poet , and graphic artist now based in the London Borough of Hackney .
Fehmi Alpay Özalan , known as Alpay , ( born 29 May 1973 ) is a former Turkish footballer , who is currently a member of the management committee of Siirtspor .
Aliou Coly ( born 10 December 1992 ) is a Senegalese footballer playing as a striker for Kristiansund in the Adeccoligaen .
Willard Wigan , MBE ( born June 1957 ) is an English sculptor from Ashmore Park Estate , Wednesfield , England , who makes microscopic art . His sculptures are typically placed in the eye of a needle or on the head of a pin .
Robert Cleveley ( 1747 , Deptford -- 28 September 1809 , Dover ) was an English maritime painter .
Otto Friedrich Bernhard von Linstow ( 17 October 1842 -- 3 May 1916 ) was a German high - ranking medical officer ( Oberstabsarzt und Regimentsarzt ) and helminthologist .
Nick Butterworth ( born 15 April 1946 ) is a British children 's author and illustrator .
Meghdad Ghobakhlou ( Persian : مقداد قباخلو‎‎ , pronounced ( mɛɢdɑd ɛ ɢobɑxlu ) ; born 23 August 1982 ) is an Iranian football player .
Denny Johnstone ( born 9 January 1995 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Greenock Morton on loan from English club Birmingham City .
Fran Cosgrave ( born 30 December 1977 ) is an Irish nightclub owner , famous for appearing on reality television programmes and being the former Westlife bodyguard .
John Montagu , 4th Earl of Sandwich , PC , FRS ( 13 November 1718 -- 30 April 1792 ) was a British statesman who succeeded his grandfather , Edward Montagu , 3rd Earl of Sandwich , as the Earl of Sandwich in 1729 , at the age of ten .
Natasha Sagardia ( born 1986 ) , is a top - ranked International Bodyboarding Association ( IBA ) world tour competitor and is the 2008 International Surfing Association ( ISA ) World Gold Medalist in the Women 's Bodyboard category .
Rainie Yang ( traditional Chinese : 楊丞琳 ; simplified Chinese : 杨丞琳 ; pinyin : Yáng Chénglín ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Iû Sêng - lîm ; born 4 June 1984 ) is a Taiwanese singer , actress and TV host .
Tudor Aaron Istodor ( born 24 May 1984 , sometimes credited as Tudor Istodor ) is a Romanian actor .
Sycerika McMahon ( born 11 April 1995 ) is an Irish swimmer from Portaferry , County Down McMahon won a bronze medal in the 400 m freestyle at the 2010 European Junior Swimming Championships in Helsinki with a time of 4:15.92 , an Irish junior record .
Yavuz Yapıcıoğlu ( born 1967 ) is a Turkish serial killer and arsonist .
Michelle Tea ( born Michelle Tomasik , 1971 ) is an American author , poet , and literary arts organizer whose autobiographical works explore queer culture , feminism , race , class , prostitution , and other topics .
Jason Withe ( born 16 August 1971 ) is an English former football player , turned coach and manager .
Saša Ivković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Ивковић ; born 13 May 1993 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Voždovac , on loan from SuperLiga side Partizan .
Boris Romanovich Rotenberg ( Russian : Ротенберг Борис Романович , born 3 January 1957 ) is a Russian business man and oligarch .
Edward George Richardson ( 15 April 1903 -- 29 December 1987 ) , known as Eddie Richardson , was an Irish politician who was a member of the Nationalist Party .
Markus Beyer ( born 28 April 1971 ) is a German former professional boxer who won the WBC super middleweight title .
María Inés Falconi ( Buenos Aires , 1954 ) is an award - winning Argentine writer and theatre director for children and young adults .
Sidney Blunt ( 13 April 1902 -- 1965 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Port Vale .
Carmen Luvana ( born 23 August 1981 ) is the stage name of a retired American pornographic actress .
Arne Nøst ( born 17 July 1962 ) is a Norwegian graphic artist and theatre director .
Major General Emilio Díaz Colón ( born c. 1950 ) , is a former United States National Guard officer who served as the Adjutant General of the Puerto Rican National Guard .
James Henry Govier was born in Britain on 1 August 1910 , at Oakley , Buckinghamshire , the only son of Henry Govier and Mary Ann Measey .
Nelson W. Winbush ( born 1929 ) , is an educator and retired assistant principal .
Manoel Tobias da Cruz Júnior ( born 7 April 1971 ) , commonly known as Manoel Tobias , is a former futsal player .
Valery Nikolayevich Popov ( Russian : Валерий Николаевич Попов ) ( born 6 July 1942 ) is a Russian diplomat and from 24 May 1990 to 25 December 1991 was the Ambassador of the Soviet Union to Austria , and from 25 December 1991 to 30 August 1996 was Ambassador of Russia to Austria .
Walter Haefner ( 13 September 1910 -- 19 June 2012 ) was a Swiss businessman and a thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder in Ireland .
Carlo Ancelotti OSI ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkarlo antʃeˈlɔtti ) ; born 10 June 1959 ) is an Italian football manager and former footballer .
Frank Tannenbaum ( 4 March 1893 -- 1 June 1969 ) was an Austrian - American historian , sociologist and criminologist .
Richard J. Wills Jr ( born 3 August 1942 ) is a bishop of the United Methodist Church , elected in 2004 .
Michael Heckert ( born 29 October 1950 in Halle an der Saale ) is a contemporary painter who dedicates himself to abstract expressionism .
Cindy Lynn Brown ( born 1973 ) is a Danish - American poet .
Giannis Stathas ( Greek : Γιάννης Σταθάς ; 1758 - -1812 ) was a Greek armatolos during the pre - Greek Revolution era in Greece .
Jean E. Sammet ( born March 23 , 1928 in New York City ) is an American computer scientist who developed the FORMAC programming language in 1962 .
Rob Heinsoo ( born 1964 ) is an American tabletop game designer .
John Halpin ( born 15 November 1961 ) is a Scottish football player and coach , best known for his long association with Carlisle United .
Remke van Veelen ( 1978 ) is a Dutch fiction writer .
Gladys Staines ( born c. 1951 ) is the widow of Australian missionary Graham Staines .
Gertrud Svensdotter ( 1656 - -1675 ) was a Swedish peasant girl .
Jason Leland Adams ( born 7 February 1963 ) is an American actor and scenic designer based in Los Angeles .
Sharon Kovacs ( born 15 April 1990 ) , known professionally as Kovacs , is a Dutch singer from Eindhoven .
Nisar Khan ( born 20 September 1982 ) is an amateur Pakistani boxer who fights in the middleweight ( 75 kg ) class .
Waliur Rahman Bhuiyan , OBE ( born 2 July 1952 ) is a Bangladeshi businessman .
Noah Bridges ( fl . 1661 ) , was a stenographer and mathematician .
Tej Narayan Pandey Alias Pawan Pandey ( born 18 March 1981 ) represents Ayodhya as the Members of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly .
Hamad Khalaily ( Arabic : حمد خلايلة‎ , Hebrew : חמד חלאילה‎ ; 1928 - May 13 , 2014 ) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment from 1981 until 1984 .
Katrina Hart ( born 17 May 1990 ) is an English athlete who won a gold medal for England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games competing in women 's 100 m T37 ( athletes with cerebral palsy ) .
Dr Andreas Anagnostakis ( 1826 -- March 27 , 1897 ) was a Greek physician .
Angela Washko ( born 1986 ) is a New York - based new media artist and facilitator who works to mobilize communities and creates new forums for discussions of feminism where they do not exist .
Ulfert Wilke ( 1907 - -1987 ) was an internationally recognized painter , calligrapher and art collector connected to the abstract expressionism movement .
Sir Edward Dillwyn Williams FRCP , FRCPath , FMedSci ( born 1 April 1929 ) is a British medical scientist and a Fellow of the Learned Society of Wales .
Sidney Weighell ( pronounce `` weal '' ; 31 March 1922 -- 13 February 2002 ) was a British footballer , trade unionist and the General Secretary of the National Union of Railwaymen from 1975 to 1983 .
Slobodan Rajčević ( born 28 February 1985 ) in Zrenjanin in Serbia , is a Serbian futsal player who plays for Al Mayadeen Futsal Team and the Serbia national futsal team .
Mark E. Rogers ( April 19 , 1952 -- February 2 , 2014 ) , was an American author - illustrator .
Eino Oksanen ( born 7 May 1931 ) was a Finnish marathon runner who won the Boston Marathon three times ( 1959 , 1961 and 1962 ) .
Roman Waschuk ( also Roman Vashchuk , ukr . : Роман Ващук ) , ( born 1962 in Toronto , Ontario ) , ethnic Ukrainian , Canadian diplomat , Ambassador of Canada to Ukraine .
Joice Maduaka ( born 30 September 1973 ) is a British track and field athlete , who competes over the 100 , 200 and occasionally 400 metres .
Fan Yun ( 451 - -503 ) ( simplified Chinese : 范云 ; traditional Chinese : 范雲 ) was born in Wuyin ( 舞阴 ) ( in the northwest of today 's Biyang County ( 泌阳县 ) , Zhumadian Prefect , Henan Province ) and lived during the Southern Qi dynasty .
Sanjeev Bikhchandani ( born 1963 ) is an Indian businessman , who is the founder and executive vice chairman of Info Edge ( India ) which owns Naukri.com , a job portal .
Patrick Zwaanswijk ( born 17 January 1975 ) is a semi - professional Dutch footballer who currently plays for and captains Southern & Ettalong United in Australia 's Central Coast Premier League .
Michael Tunn ( born 18 January 1974 ) is an Australian radio announcer and television presenter .
Hemal Gunasekara ( born 25 December 1959 ) is a Sri Lankan politician educated at St Sylvester 's College , Kandy and a current Member of Parliament for Matara District .
Bishop Teodor Martynyuk ( born 1 February 1974 in Yaremche , Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) became Auxiliary bishop of Ternopil --
Donald W. Burgess ( born 1947 ) is an American meteorologist who has made important contributions to understanding of severe convective storms , particularly tornadoes , radar observations and techniques , as well as to training other meteorologists .
Matthew Keller or Mathew Keller ( 1810 - -81 ) was an early agriculturalist , vintner and distiller in Los Angeles , California , shortly after it became part of the United States following the Mexican War .
Simon Girty ( November 14 , 1741 -- February 18 , 1818 ) ( a / k / a Katepacomen ) was an American colonial of Scots - Irish birth who served as a liaison between the British and their Indian allies during the American Revolution .
Stefan Erixon ( born 1 December 1977 ) is a Swedish bandy player who until 15 December 2008 played in Russia .
Denis Pagan ( born 24 September 1947 ) is a former Australian rules football coach and player in the VFL / AFL .
Mio Isayama ( 諫山実生 , Tokyo , 7 June 1980 ) is a Japanese singer .
Marwan Mabrouk Mansour , sometimes referred to as Marwaan Mabrouk Mansour,(Arabic : مروان المبروك‎ ) ( born 15 December 1989 ) is a Libyan footballer .
Anas Zubedy ( born 4 February 1964 in Georgetown , Penang ) is a businessman , author , and blogger .
Feyse Tadese Boru ( born 19 November 1988 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who competes in the half marathon .
Marco Kurz ( born 16 May 1969 ) is a retired German footballer and currect coach of Fortuna Düsseldorf .
Marvin Liebman ( July 21 , 1923 -- March 31 , 1997 ) , was an American conservative activist and fundraiser , and later in his life , a gay rights advocate .
David Robert Coker ( 20 November 1870 -- 28 November 1938 ) was an agricultural reformer and a son of Major James Lide Coker , founder of Coker College and Sonoco , Inc.
Arno Neumann ( 7 February 1885 - 7 March 1966 ) was a German international footballer .
Dr Rakhshanda Jalil ( born 21 July 1963 ) ) is a well known Indian writer , critic and literary historian .
Carl Tacy ( born c. 1933 ) is a former college basketball coach at Wake Forest , a university in North Carolina , USA .
Bernd Gummelt ( born 21 December 1963 , in Neuruppin ) is a retired East German race walker .
Graham Dudman ( born 2 October 1963 ) is the current Managing Editor of The Sun newspaper .
Tamsin West ( born 7 March 1974 ) is an Australian actress and singer , who played Linda Twist , during the first series in the children 's television show Round the Twist .
Kathleen Jannette Anderson ( 1927 - July 5 , 2002 ) , known as Jannette , was appointed deputy principal of Edinburgh Napier University in 1983 , becoming the first woman to be appointed to such a senior post in Scotland .
Wilfred Kibet Kigen ( born 23 February 1975 ) is a Kenyan long distance runner who primarily competes in marathon races in Germany .
Lieutenant General Edward Cornwallis ( 5 March 1713 -- 14 January 1776 ) was a British military officer who was the first Governor of Nova Scotia at Halifax , Nova Scotia .
William Heaton ( born 1978 ) is the former chief of staff for former Rep. Bob Ney ( R - Ohio ) , and a supporting figure in the Abramoff scandal .
Erik Aaes ( 27 April 1899 -- 19 March 1966 ) was a Danish set designer and art director .
Anna Belle Francis ( born 1978 ) is a Singaporean entertainer and singer of Eurasian ethnicity .
Helen Carruthers ( 1892 - 1925 ) was an American actress of the silent film era .
David Daiches ( 2 September 1912 -- 15 July 2005 ) was a Scottish literary historian and literary critic , scholar and writer .
Bill Harrigan ( born 24 May 1960 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian former rugby league football referee , and former head of refereeing for the National Rugby League .
Jill Sparrow ( born 3 October 1971 ) , has been active as a socialist in Melbourne since 1991 .
Sven Erlander ( born 1934 ) is a Professor Emeritus of Mathematics ( Optimization ) at Linköping University in Sweden .
Freya Blackwood ( born 1975 ) is an Australian illustrator and special effects artist .
Ted Grouya ( 31 July 1910 - 14 April 2000 ) born Theodor Grouya in Bucharest , Romania , was a composer who studied composition with Nadia Boulanger .
Folmer Bonnén ( 1885 - -1960 ) was a Danish painter and journalist .
Rabson Mucheleng'anga ( born 14 September 1989 ) is a Zambian football goalkeeper and plays for Nchanga Rangers F.C. in the Zambian Premier League .
Pelageya Sergeyevna Khanova ( Russian : Пелагея Серге́евна Ханова ) or Pelageya , ( born 14 July 1986 ) , is а Russian singer .
Colin Channer ( born 13 October 1963 ) is a Jamaican writer , often referred to as `` Bob Marley with a pen , '' due to the spiritual , sensual , social themes presented from a literary Jamaican perspective .
Hermes Carleial ( 30 March 1904 -- 6 July 1954 ) , was a Brazilian poet , lawyer , accountant and writer .
Sander Kleinenberg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsɑndər ˈklɛi̯nə(n)ˌbɛr(ə)x ) ; born 29 December 1971 ) is a Dutch disc jockey , VDJ , and record producer .
Slavko Kremenšek ( born 21 April 1931 ) is a Slovene historian and ethnologist .
Bernhard Kelm ( born 23 December 1967 ) is a retired German long jumper .
Nicholas Rinaldi ( born in Brooklyn , New York in 1934 ) is an American poet and novelist .
Kweku Sarpong Plahar ( born 26 October 1988 ) , better known by his stage name Zigi , is a Ghanaian singer .
Alan S. Kaufman ( born April 1944 ) is an American psychology professor known for his work on intelligence testing .
Lau Nai - keung SBS ( Chinese : 劉迺強 , born 1947 ) is a Hong Kong academic , businessman , and politician .
Hermann Friedrich Bonorden ( 28 August 1801 -- 19 May 1884 ) was a German physician and mycologist .
Hercules Brabazon Brabazon ( born Hercules Brabazon Sharpe ; 27 November 1821 -- 14 May 1906 ) was an English artist , accomplished in Turner manner watercolours .
Harold Fortuin ( born 1964 in Mount Clemens , Michigan ) is an American composer , pianist , and designer of hardware and software for electronic music .
Mandy Burrekers ( born 10 January 1988 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch team handball goalkeeper .
Keisuke Ogawa ( Japanese : 圭佑小川 ; born 5 September 1986 ) is a Japanese footballer , who plays for PKNS in the Malaysia Premier League .
Eugene Friesen ( born 1952 ) is an American cellist and composer .
Reinhard Fabisch ( 19 August 1950 -- 12 July 2008 ) was a German football manager who was last employed as manager of the Benin national side , a position he took up in December 2007 and left in May 2008 .
Miltiadis Iatridis ( Greek : Μιλτιάδης Ιατρίδης ; 1906 - -1960 ) was a Greek naval officer active during World War II . He was born in the village Sofiko in the Peloponnese .
Fernando Marcelo Campagnolo ( born 29 January 1974 ) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played mostly in Portugal for ten years as a defender mainly for Naval for eight years where he is currently one of the all time appearance leaders .
Kim Deok - hyeon ( born 8 December 1985 in Kwangju ) is a South Korean triple jumper and long jumper .
Mårten Boström ( born 3 August 1982 in Kirkkonummi ) is a Finnish orienteering competitor and long distance runner .
Katy Kung ( born 5 December 1989 ) is a Hong Kong actress under the contract of TVB .
Danny Greefhorst ( born 31 December 1972 ) is a Dutch enterprise architect and consultant at ArchiXL , known for his work in the field of enterprise architecture .
David Treacy ( born 21 November 1989 ) is a senior hurler with Dublin and Cuala .
June Olkowski ( born ca . 1960 ) is a former college basketball player and coach , who was head coach of the women 's teams at the University of Arizona , Butler University , and Northwestern University .
Stipe Božić ( born 2 January 1951 ) is a Croatian mountaineer , documentary filmmaker , photographer and writer .
Menduh Thaçi ( born 3 March 1965 ) is the leader of the Macedonian political party Democratic Party of Albanians .
Oliver Biney ( born 8 August 1983 ) is a British professional wrestler currently working under the ring name Rampage Brown .
Mustafa Arif Deymer ( 1874 - -1954 ) was a Turkish politician who served both the Ottoman government and the Turkish Republic .
Mustafa Akgül ( born 10 May 1948 ) is the key figure of acceptance of Internet to large masses in Turkish .
Irina Margareta Nistor , born 26 March 1957 , is a Romanian translator and film critic .
Ian Crossley ( born 1951 ) , better known by the stage name Fine Time Fontayne , is an English actor and stage director .
José del Castillo ( 14 October 1737 -- 5 October 1793 ) was a Spanish painter and a leader of the artistic movement Illustrious Absolutism .
Peter Robert Drummond ( 1802 - -1879 ) was a Scottish businessman and biographer .
Geri X ( born 6 May 1989 ) is a Bulgarian - born singer - songwriter whose music shows influences of several genres including folk , psychedelic rock , Americana , and post - rock .
Vince Driver ( 7 January 1908 -- 17 November 1970 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Tyrell Cuffy ( born 6 September 1988 ) is a Caymanian sprinter of Trinidadian descent .
Moyra Tamsin Dunwoody ( born 3 September 1958 ) , sometimes known as Tamsin Dunwoody - Kneafsey , is a British politician .
Gillian Mann ( born 1939 ) , English / Australian artist who won the Blake Prize for Religious Art with the woodcut print on paper titled The Chest in 1990 .
Josef Štěpánek Netolický ( c. 1460 - -1539 ) was a Czech fishpond builder and architect .
Lieutenant - General Sir Charles William Doyle , CB , GCH ( 1770 -- 25 October 1842 ) was a British Army officer who served during the Napoleonic Wars .
Sebastian Lang ( born 15 September 1979 , in Sonneberg ) is a former German professional road bicycle racer and time trialist , who rode as a professional between 2002 and 2011 .
Maurizio Bidinost ( born 10 January 1959 ) is a retired Italian cyclist who was active on the road and track between 1979 and 1986 , turning professional in 1981 .
Torben Piechnik ( born 21 May 1963 ) is a Danish former professional football player who was a defender .
Neil Fanning ( born 12 April 1967 ) is an Australian voice actor , stuntman and actor .
Hani Awijan ( 1977 -- July 29 , 2006 ) was an Islamic militant in the Palestinian Islamic Jihad ( PIJ ) military wing , The Al - Quds brigades .
Jonathan Gathorne - Hardy ( born 1933 in Edinburgh ) is a British author , known for biographies , including one of Alfred Kinsey , and books of social history on the British nanny and public school system .
Max Bing ( 15 March 1885 -- 7 February 1945 ) was a German actor and director of radio plays .
Brad Boyd ( born 10 August 1971 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League during the 1990s .
Abdulaziz bin Turki Al Saud ( born 4 June 1983 ) is a Saudi athlete and a businessman as well as a member of the House of Saud .
Leah Purcell ( born 14 August 1970 ) is an Indigenous Australian actress , director and writer .
Jan Hřebejk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjan ˈɦr̝ɛbɛjk ) ; born 27 June 1967 ) is a Czech film director .
Aliaksandr Viarutsin ( Belarusian : Аляксандар Вяруцін ; born 18 November 1979 ) is a retired Belarusian high jumper .
Sophie Thornhill ( born 9 February 1996 ) is a visually impaired English racing cyclist who competes in para - cycling tandem track events .
Giovanni Di Clemente ( born in 1948 ) is an Italian television and film producer .
Shubha Mudgal ( born 1959 ) is a well - known Indian singer of Hindustani classical music , Khayal , Thumri , Dadra , and popular Indian Pop music .
William G. Bassler ( born March 6 , 1938 ) is a former judge on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey , serving from 1991 until 2006 .
Ann Sheppard Mounsey , or Ann Mounsey Bartholomew on marriage ( 1811 - -1891 ) , was born on 17 April 1811 at 21 Old Compton Street , Soho , London , the eldest child of Thomas Mounsey , a licensed victualler , and his wife , Mary , née Briggs .
Petra Buzková ( born 7 December 1965 ) was a former Minister of Education , Youth and Sports in the Czech cabinet .
Johann Gottlieb Georgi ( 31 December 1729 -- 27 October 1802 ) was a German botanist , naturalist and geographer .
Siim Avi ( born 22 July 1984 ) is an Estonian lawyer and current elder of Piirissaare Parish .
David Frey ( born 8 December 1991 ) is a Swiss footballer ..
Rab Noakes ( born Robert Noakes , 13 May 1947 , St Andrews , Fife , Scotland ) is a Scottish singer - songwriter .
Doug Lennox ( January 21 , 1938 -- November 28 , 2015 ) was a Canadian actor , writer , and radio personality who is perhaps best known for his book Now You Know , The Big Book of Answers and his many appearances in movies such as X - Men and Police Academy .
Christian Sugiono ( born 25 February 1981 ) also known as Tian is an Indonesian actor and tech entrepreneur .
Duvier del Dago Fernandez ( born 1976 ) is a Cuban from Zulueta , in the central Cuban province of Villa Clara .
Avni Spahiu ( born 12 March 1953 in Mitrovica , Kosovo ) is a Kosovar diplomat and former television director .
Ruben Kristiansen ( born 20 February 1988 ) is a Norwegian international footballer who plays professionally for SK Brann , as a left back .
Elsa Pooley ( born Elsa Susanna Bond , 1947 Johannesburg ) , is a South African botanist , landscaper , tour guide , and artist .
Elisha Lim ( born 1978 ) is an artist and graphic novelist living in Montreal .
Eszter Mátéfi ( born Eszter László ; 14 February 1966 in Band , Magyar Autonomous Region , SR Romania ) is a handball coach and former handball player who works as the head coach of Dunaújvárosi Kohász KA .
Archibald Douglas , 8th Earl of Angus and 5th Earl of Morton ( 1555 -- 4 August 1588 ) was the son of David , 7th Earl of Angus .
Alexander Dicsone ( also Dicson and Dickson , Italian : Alessandro Dicsono ) ( 1558 - -by 1604 ) was a Scottish writer and political agent .
Conal Keaney ( born 24 September 1982 ) is an Irish footballer and hurler who plays for Dublin and Ballyboden St. Enda 's .
Stig Svante Stockselius ( born 31 December 1955 in Hudiksvall ) is a Swedish journalist and television executive , former Head of Song Contests at the European Broadcasting Union , executive supervisor of the Eurovision Song Contest ( ESC ) and the Junior Eurovision Song Contest .
Dick Brass ( born 1951 ) is a technology investor and executive , and a former newspaper reporter and editor .
Nila Madhab Panda ( born 18 October 1973 ) ) is an Internationally acclaimed Film Maker and Producer .
Goh Swee Swee ( Chinese : 吴瑞瑞 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ngôo Suī - suī ; born 2 June 1986 ) is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Hougang United in the S - League .
Chen Yulu ( simplified Chinese : 陈雨露 ; traditional Chinese : 陳雨露 ; pinyin : Chen Yǔlù ; born November 1966 ) is a Chinese economist , educator , author , and politician who has been deputy governor of People 's Bank of China since October 2015 .
Johanna van Beethoven ( née Reiß ( Reiss ) ; 1786 - -1869 ) was the sister - in - law of the composer Ludwig van Beethoven .
George Torakis ( born 11 December 1989 in Herakleion , Greece ) is a Greek water polo player representing Canada .
Marisa Olson ( born 1977 in Augsburg ) is a new media artist , curator , critic , and media theorist .
Eje Elgh ( born 15 June 1953 ) is a Swedish racing driver and television reporter .
Claus Hjort Frederiksen ( born 4 September 1947 ) is Danish Minister for Finance since June 2015 , having previously served in that capacity from 7 April 2009 to 3 October 2011 , as member of the Lars Løkke Rasmussen I Cabinet .
Alessandro Gassmann ( Alessandro Gassman until 2011 ; born 24 February 1965 ) is an Italian actor .
Rex Murphy ( born March 1947 ) is a Canadian commentator and author , primarily on Canadian political and social matters .
Kjetil Ruthford Pedersen ( born 22 May 1973 ) is an earlier Norwegian footballer playing for FK Mandalskameratene .
Stephan Mathieu ( born 11 October 1967 ) is a German musician and sound artist whose work is based on digital and analog processing techniques .
Damien Whitehead ( born 24 April 1979 ) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Macclesfield Town .
Luis Antonio Robles Suárez ( 24 October 1849 -- 22 September 1899 ) also known as `` El Negro Robles '' , was a Colombian lawyer and politician .
Lt . Colonel Charles Joseph Newbold DSO ( 12 January 1881 -- 26 October 1946 ) was an English rugby union international who played club rugby for Cambridge University and Blackheath .
Simon Eishold ( born 26 March 1967 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Richmond in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Jatin Bora ( Assamese : যতীন বৰা , born 25 April 1970 ) is an Indian film actor who has appeared in many Assamese language movies .
Sir John Shipley Rowlinson FREng ( born 12 May 1926 ) is a British chemist .
Petros Karatroupkos ( 1929 -- January 31 , 2012 ) was the Greek Orthodox bishop of Zambia 2001 - 2003 .
Ivanka Bonova ( Bulgarian : Иванка Бонова , born 4 April 1949 ) is a retired Bulgarian sprinter and middle - distance runner who specialized in the 400 and 800 metres .
Fraser Cartmell ( born 16 June 1982 in Inverness , Scotland ) is a professional triathlete , multiple Scottish champion , three time Ironman 70.3 UK winner , and Ironman UK 2010 winner .
Tomas Vaitkus ( born 4 February 1982 ) is a Lithuanian professional road racing cyclist riding for UCI Continental team Rietumu - Delfin .
Noël Godin ( born 13 September 1945 ) is a Belgian writer , critic , actor and notorious pie thrower or entarteur .
Sebastian Westcott ( also spelt Wescott or Westcote ) ( c. 1524 -- 1582 ) was an English organist at St. Paul 's Cathedral .
Eon McKai ( born 1979 ) is an American director of alt porn - themed pornographic films .
Uwe Freiler ( born 2 May 1966 in Limbach ( Saarland ) ) is a retired German football player .
Joscelyn Eve Stoker ( born 11 April 1987 ) , better known by her stage name Joss Stone , is an English singer , songwriter and actress .
Dale Frank ( born 1959 ) is a contemporary Australian artist best known for his biomorphic abstract paintings .
Stephen Bainbridge ( born 1958 , in Doylestown , Pennsylvania ) is the William D. Warren Professor of Law at UCLA , teaching courses on corporations and business law .
The UK Pitbulls were a professional wrestling tag team that consisted of brothers Bulk ( Mike Waters , born 1978 ) and Big Dave ( Dave Waters , born 1971 ) .
Noel Mkandawire ( born 25 December 1978 ) is a Malawian football ( soccer ) player with Super ESCOM of the Malawi Premier Division .
Pauline Ng Chow May - lin JP ( born 1947 , in Hong Kong ) is a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Stephen Hendrie ( born 8 January 1995 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Southend United , on loan from West Ham United .
Thavius Beck ( born 1979 ) is an electronic musician , producer and rapper based in Los Angeles , California .
Keyvan Andres Soori ( born 8 March 2000 , in Cologne , Germany ) is a German racecar driver .
Gwak Dong - han ( Hangul : 곽동한 ; born 20 April 1992 ) is a South Korean judoka .
Maria Justeau ( born 1912 ) , was a member of the French Resistance during World War II . Along with her husband , Eugene Justeau , she saved the lives of many American , Canadian and French soldiers in the area of Saint - Seglin , Brittany , France .
Olegar Fedoro ( born 6 March 1958 ) is a Ukrainian - born former Soviet performer who later became a Spanish and then English actor .
Tommy Möller ( born 1958 ) is a Swedish professor of Political science at Stockholm University , and a frequent political commentator in the Swedish media .
June Webb was born on 22 September 1934 in L'Anse , a village in the northern County of Baraga in Michigan , USA .
Benjamin Gummow ( 1766 - -1840 ) was an architect who worked from Ruabon near Wrexham in Wales .
Patrick Michael Duffy ( born 1943 ) is a Senior District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina .
Ahmed Akkari ( b. 1978 in Lebanon ) ( Arabic : أحمد عكاري‎ ) is a Danish political activist who became known for his involvement in the Jyllands - Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy .
Mickaël Buscher ( born 11 January 1987 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker and winger for Canterbury United .
Damayanthi Dharsha - Kobalavithanage ( born 13 February 1975 ) is a retired Sri Lankan athlete who competed in the 200 and 400 metres race .
Robert Goethals ( 16 June 1922 -- 7 July 2011 ) was a Belgian soccer player who was best known as coach .
Piran Bishop ( born 1961 ) is a British portraitist .
Braulio Castillo , Jr. ( born c. 1958 ) in Santurce , Puerto Rico is a Puerto Rican actor and radio host .
Sofia Jarl ( born 1977 with the last name Karlsson ) is a Swedish politician .
Carla Scaletti ( born 1956 ) is an American harpist , composer , music technologist and the inventor of the Kyma Sound Design Environment as well as president of Symbolic Sound .
Francis Travis ( born 9 July 1921 ) is an American - born Swiss orchestral conductor .
Dave Routledge ( born 7 April 1964 ) is an English darts player .
Jeff Maluleke ( born 1977 ) is an award - winning South African musician of the M'nwanati people .
Giorgos Tzifos ( Greek : Γιώργος Τζιφός ; 1918 -- May 27 , 1986 ) was a Greek actor in theater and movies .
Attilio Colonello ( born 9 November 1930 ) is an Italian scenic designer and stage director who is active within the field of opera .
Khano Smith ( born 10 January 1981 , in Paget ) is a Bermudian retired footballer .
Ray Gibb ( 5 December 1928 -- 10 September 1953 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Angela V. Shelton ( born 4 March 1970 in Detroit , Michigan ) is an American comedian and actress .
Dom Anselmo Costadoni , O.S.B. Cam . , ( 1714 - -1785 ) was an Italian Camaldolese monk , historian and theologian .
Medardas Čobotas pol . Medard Czobot ( born 26 May 1928 - died 30 August 2009 in Vilnius ) was a Polish - Lithuanian politician .
Laura Hillman ( born 16 October 1923 ) is German - born survivor of Holocaust concentration camps , including Auschwitz - Birkenau with the help of Oskar Schindler .
Dr. Edward Johnson Bellerby LRAM ( 28 March 1858 -- 2 April 1940 ) was an English organist , composer and teacher .
Kimberley Dayle Edwards ( born 15 November 1984 ) , known by her stage name Kitty Brucknell , is a British singer - songwriter .
Dennis Gamsy ( born 17 February 1940 in Glenwood , Natal ) is a former South African cricketer who played in two Tests as a wicketkeeper in 1970 against Australia .
Ruairí Deane ( born 3 September 1991 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Cork senior team .
Veloo a / l Sinnathamby , better known as S. Veloo ( born 9 November 1966 ) is a Malaysian football head coach , formerly in charge of USM FC .
Archbishop Stanislaus Lo Kuang ( 羅光 ; Hanyu pinyin : Luo Guang ; 1 January 1911 - -28 February 2004 ) is the archbishop emeritus of Taipei .
Inbee Park ( Korean : 박인비 , Hanja : 朴仁妃 , pronounced ( baːk in bi ) ; born 12 July 1988 ) is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the LPGA Tour and the LPGA of Japan Tour .
Ralph Heskett , C.Ss . R. ( born 3 March 1953 , Sunderland , England ) is an English Roman Catholic prelate who has been the Bishop of Hallam since July 2014 , having immediately before that been Bishop of Gibraltar from 2010 to 2014 .
Saud al - Hashimi ( Arabic : سعود الهاشمي‎ , born c. 1963 ) is a Saudi Arabian human rights activist .
Pepe Ozan ( 1939 - -2013 ) was an Argentine sculptor , artistic director and a filmmaker .
Jon Johanson ( born 1956 in Warburton , Victoria ) is a world - record setting Australian aviator .
Susie Rugg ( 17 January 1982 ) is an Australian actress best known for her role as Brodie Hanson in the TV series Home and Away .
John Ehret ( born in 1971 in Karlsruhe ) is the mayor of Mauer , elected in 2012 .
Pietro Biginelli ( 25 July 1860 -- 15 January 1937 ) was an Italian chemist , who discovered a three - component reaction between urea , acetoacetic ester and aldehydes ( Biginelli reaction ) .
Steven Poole ( born in 1972 ) is a British author and journalist .
Zoran Lemajić ( Cyrillic : Зopaн Лeмajић , born 8 November 1960 ) is a former Montenegrin association footballer who is recently a goalkeeping coach of Bharat FC .
Cris Mazza ( born 1956 ) is an American novelist , short story and non - fiction writer .
Susan Brigden , FRHistS , FBA ( born 26 June 1951 ) is a historian and academic specialising in the English Renaissance and Reformation .
Stephen Boxer ( born 19 May 1950 ) is an English actor who has appeared in films , on television and on stage and is perhaps best known for appearing as Joe in the BBC One daytime soap opera Doctors .
Telémachos Alexiou ( born 3 January 1989 in Evvoia , Greece ) is a Greek film maker and visual artist .
Leah Kauffman ( born c. 1986 ) is an American singer and songwriter who is responsible for singing and writing four popular viral videos : `` My Box in a Box '' , `` I Got a Crush ... on Obama '' , `` Obama Girl vs. Giuliani Girl '' and `` I Like a Boy '' .
Michael Ballam ( born 1952 ) is the general director of the Utah Festival Opera , a professor of music at Utah State University , an accomplished operatic singer , pianist and oboist .
Ulpiano Colóm y Ferrer ( b. 3 April 1861 - ca . 1920 ) was Mayor of Ponce , Puerto Rico , during part of 1898 .
Mohamed Abdel - Shafy ( Arabic : محمد عبد الشافي‎ ; born on 1 July 1985 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a Left - back for Saudi Professional League side Al - Ahli on loan from Zamalek .
Tommi Roininen ( 1 February 1984 ) is a Finnish former volleyball player .
Zeev Ben - Zvi ( Hebrew : זאב בן - צבי‎ ) ( 1904 - -1952 ) was an Israeli sculptor born in Ryki , Poland , whose work influenced a generation of sculptors .
Kalevi Kiviniemi ( born 30 June 1958 in Jalasjärvi ) is a Finnish concert organist .
Eadaoin Ní Challarain ( born 19 September 1975 in Spiddal ) is an Irish slalom canoer who competed in two Olympic Games .
Albert Gamaliel Jones ( 1812 -- c. 1880 ) was a notable `` house carpenter '' from Warren County , North Carolina .
Sydney Percy - Lancaster , F.L.S. , F.R.H.S. , M.R.A.S. was born on 19 July 1886 at Meerut , India .
Frederic Aldin Hall ( 1854 - -1925 ) served as chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis from 1913 until 1923 .
Virdy Megananda ( born 6 September 1974 ) , known popularly as Bebi Romeo , is an Indonesian musician .
Charles Goddard Weld ( 1857 - -1911 ) , was a Boston - area physician , sailor , philanthropist , and art lover .
Marcin Białobłocki ( born 2 July 1983 ) is a Polish professional cyclist .
Sōkokurai Eikichi ( born 9 January 1984 ) is a professional sumo wrestler from Inner Mongolia , China .
Ronald Bradford ( born 6 January 1970 ) , is a recognized MySQL expert , author and speaker .
Iryna Glibko ( born Ukrainian : Ирина Глибко , 18 February 1990 ) is a Ukrainian handballer who plays for the Romanian club HCM Roman and the Ukrainian national team .
Guy Browning ( born 1964 in Chipping Norton ) is a humourist , after - dinner speaker and film director .
Julie Goodyear , MBE ( born Julie Kemp ; 29 March 1942 ) is an English television actress and media personality .
Konstantinos Pringos ( 1892 in Constantinople -- 1964 in Athens ) was a protopsaltes ( leading cantor ) in the Great Church of Constantinople from 1939 until 1959 .
Nigel Hollis ( born 1958 ) is an author , analyst , researcher , speaker , and commentator on marketing .
David Komnenos ( Greek : Δαβίδ Κομνηνός ) ( c. 1184 -- 1212 ) was one of the founders of the Empire of Trebizond and its joint ruler together with his brother Alexios until his death .
Moazzam Begg ( Urdu : مُعَظّم بیگ‎ ; born 1968 , Sparkhill , Birmingham ) is a British Pakistani who was held in extrajudicial detention by the US government in the Bagram Theater Internment Facility and the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp , in Cuba , for nearly three years after being arrested in Pakistan in February 2002 .
Pavlo Movchan ( Ukrainian : Мовчан Павло Михайлович ; born 13 July 1939 in Velyka Vilshanka ( in Kiev Oblast ) ) is a Ukrainian poet and public figure , head of the `` Prosvita '' Society .
Tsugeo Ozawa ( Japanese : 小沢 嗣央 ; born 6 February 1935 ) is a Japanese fencer .
Jakub Sylvestr ( born 2 February 1989 ) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for SC Paderborn on loan from 1 .
Han Yong ( Chinese : 韩勇 ; born October 1956 ) is a Chinese politician , serving since April 2015 as the Political Commissar of the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps .
Asko Künnap ( born 6 September 1971 ) is an Estonian poet , artist , graphic designer and marketer .
Mary - Jérôme Vaudan ( born 1965 ) from Bagnes - Montagnier is a Swiss ski mountaineer , long - distance runner and marathon mountain biker .
Lucky Akhand ( born 18 June 1956 ) is a Bangladeshi singer - composer .
Peter Hanning ( born 9 April 1945 ) was the Connétable of the Parish of St Saviour , in Jersey , from 2007 until 2011 .
Thelma Young ( born 8 September 1972 ) is a Paralympic swimmer from Great Britain .
Wendy Hoyte ( née Clarke , born 17 December 1957 ) is a former British sprinter , who won a 1982 Commonwealth Games gold medal and a 1982 European Championships silver medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay .
André Breitenreiter ( born 2 October 1973 ) is a German football manager and former player , currently managing Schalke 04 .
Professor Harry Dym ( born 1938 , Hebrew : הארי דים‎ ) is a mathematician at the Weizmann Institute of Science , Israel .
Esteve was born in Valencia , in the province of the same name , on the 12 May 1753 , possibly the son of a Valencian sculptor also named Agustín Esteve .
Yuri Komelkov ( Ukrainian : Юрій Комельков , Ukrainian pronunciation : ( ' urij kɔmɛlʲ'kɔβ̞ ) ; born 30 September 1962 ) is a Ukrainian publisher , gallerist , art collector , and art patron .
Mauro Galindo ( 1958 -- May 9 , 2007 ) was a Spanish dancer and choreographer and instructor of Spanish dance .
Kiki Gyan ( 7 June 1957 -- 10 June 2004 ) , also known as Kiki Djan , was a Ghanaian musician .
Robert T. Siegel ( 1928 - -2000 ) graduated from Carnegie Tech ( now Carnegie Mellon University ) in 1948 , and attained a D.Sc in 1952 .
Heinz Hoenig ( born 24 September 1951 ) is a German actor who participated in over 100 feature films and TV productions .
Nirley da Silva Fonseca ( born 9 April 1988 ) , simply known as Nirley , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Centre Back for Figueirense .
Sophia of Rheineck , also known as Sophie of Salm , Countess of Bentheim ( c. 1120 -- 26 September 1176 in Jerusalem ) was a German noblewoman .
Roderich von Erckert ( 15 December 1821 -- 12 December 1900 ) was a German ethnographer and officer .
Luigi Musso ( 28 July 1924 -- 6 July 1958 ) was an Italian racing driver .
Torkom Saraydarian ( 1917 - -1997 ) was an Armenian musician and religious author .
Abu ' Ali ( Persian : ابو علی‎ ) , better known by his laqab of Musharrif al - Dawla ( 1003 -- May 1025 ) , was the Buyid amir of Iraq ( 1021 - -1025 ) .
Thomas D. Walker ( 1956- ) is an Associate Professor at the University of Wisconsin--
Tatiana Anodina was born on 16 April 1939 in Leningrad ( then Soviet Union ) to a family of a Soviet Air Force pilot .
Jovanka Stanojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јованка Станојевић , born 11 June 1979 ) is a Serbian painter .
Tenaya Darlington ( born 1971 ) is an American poet as well as Associate Professor at Saint Joseph 's University in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Kuldip Singh Brar ( born 1934 ) is a retired Indian Army officer , who was involved in the Indo - Pakistani War of 1971 .
Te Ariki Terau Mana Strickland ( born 22 June 1918 ) was a Cook Island educator and politician .
Kiron Skinner ( born 1961 ) is an author , associate professor of international relations and political science at Carnegie Mellon University , and founding director of the Institute for Politics and Strategy .
Jamie Leigh Jones ( born 1985 ) is a former employee of KBR , an American engineering , construction and private military contracting company .
Georg Franz Ebenhech ( c. 1710 - -February 21 , 1757 ) was a German sculptor known for his mastery of marble technique .
Reena Esmail ( born 11 February 1983 ) is an American pianist and composer .
Hans Kummetz was born on 29 April 1890 in Illowo , then part of the German Empire but now in Poland .
Joris Maarten de Man , known as Joris de Man ( born 30 June 1972 ) is a Dutch composer and sound designer , well known for his work on the video game Killzone .
Patrick Lundborg ( 1967 -- June 7 , 2014 ) was a writer on psychedelic culture and author of the books Psychedelia and The Acid Archives .
Carl von Than or Károly Than ( 20 December 1834 -- 5 July 1908 ) was a Hungarian chemist who discovered carbonyl sulfide in 1867 .
Isaac Isinde ( born 16 April 1991 ) is a Ugandan footballer who currently plays for Saint George in Addis Abeba as a centre - back .
Erich Barke ( born 28 December 1946 ) is a German emeritus professor of microelectronics .
Muhammad Khayr Bey ( Arabic : محمد خيربك‎ ) ( born 5 April 1937 ) is a Syrian major general and the Deputy Vice President for Security Affairs of Syria .
Anna - Maria Müller ( 23 February 1949 -- 23 August 2009 ) was an East German luger who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Basant Mohanty ( born 24 November 1986 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays as a medium - pace bowler for Odisha in domestic cricket .
Marilyn Scott - Waters ( born 1958 ) is a children 's book illustrator and author living in Southern California .
Sara García ( 8 September 1895 -- 21 November 1980 ) was a Mexican actress who made her biggest mark during the `` Golden Age of Mexican cinema '' .
Andrew Nabbout ( born 17 December 1992 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player of Lebanese who currently plays for NS Matrix F.C. in the Malaysian Premier League .
John Clifford , 9th Baron de Clifford , also 9th feudal baron of Skipton ( 8 April 1435 -- 28 March 1461 ) , was a Lancastrian military leader during the Wars of the Roses .
Mriganka Sur ( born 1953 in Fatehgarh , India ) is an Indian - born neuroscientist working in the United States .
Norman George ( born 2 July 1946 ) is a Cook Islands politician and former Speaker of the Cook Islands Parliament , Deputy Prime Minister , and Cabinet Minister .
Thomas Samuel Zilly ( born 1935 ) is a United States federal judge at the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington in Seattle , Washington .
Eddie Avoth ( born 2 May 1945 ) is a former boxer and actor .
James Taft Hatfield ( 15 June 1862 -- 3 October 1945 ) was an American philologist and professor at Northwestern University where for many years he was the head of the German Department .
Paul James Martin , known professionally as Paul Merton ( born 9 July 1957 ) is an English writer , actor , comedian , radio and television presenter .
Anita Liepiņa ( born 17 November 1967 ) is a former Latvian race walker and long - distance runner .
Mousa Kraish ( born 1975 ) is an American actor and director , who has appeared in several Hollywood films including Steven Spielberg 's 2005 film `` Munich '' .
Barbara Bielecka ( 1 January 1931 , Chełm ) is a Polish Functionalist architect and a member of the Faculty of Architecture at the Gdańsk University of Technology .
Ferenc Mikulás ( 17 August 1940 , Dunapataj ) is a figure in the Hungarian animation film culture .
R. C. T. Lee ( Lee Chia - Tung Chinese : 李家同 ; born 1939 in Shanghai , China ) , also known as Richard C. T. Lee , received his B.Sc .
Arabella Goddard ( 12 January 1836 -- 6 April 1922 ) was an English pianist of the middle to late 19th century .
Nigel Pulsford ( born 11 April 1963 ) is a Welsh guitarist , best known as the original lead guitarist of the alternative rock band Bush .
Costa Cordalis ( Greek : Κώστας Κορδαλής ; born 1 May 1944 ) is a German schlager singer of Greek origin .
Zachi Noy ( Hebrew : צחי נוי‎ ; born 8 July 1953 ) is an Israeli actor .
Jens Kramer Mikkelsen ( born in 1951 ) was the Lord Mayor of Copenhagen for the Social Democratic Party from 1989 to 2004 .
Johnny Mak Ip - sing ( Chinese : 麥業成 ; born 1960 ) is a pro - Taiwan and pro - democracy politician in Hong Kong .
Therence Sinunguruza ( born 2 August 1959 ) is a Burundian Tutsi politician and active member of Union for National Progress ( UPRONA ) , who served as First Vice President of Burundi , in charge of political , administrative and security matters , from 2010 to 2015 .
Jim Vickers - Willis ( 16 July 1918 -- 30 December 2008 ) was a popular Australian journalist and square dance caller in the 1950s .
Hui Chung - shing ( Chinese : 許宗盛 ) , BBS , MH , JP ( born 1951 ) , anglicised as Herman Hui , is a former chairman of the World Scout Committee , the executive board for the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 2005 to 2008 .
Stephen Brunauer ( 1903 -- 1986 ) was an American research chemist , government scientist , and university teacher .
Aschlin Ditta ( born 20 June 1968 ) is a British television and film writer .
Frederick John Freshwater Shaw ( 16 December 1885 - 29 July 1936 ) was a British botanist and mycologist who worked briefly in India where he died of heat stroke during a trip to Agra .
Barry Spikings ( born 23 November 1939 ) is a British film producer who worked in Hollywood .
Themba Muata - Marlow ( born 30 April 1994 ) is an Australian footballer of Jamaican ancestry who plays as a Central Defender for Newcastle Jets in the A - League .
Claude Champy ( b. September 12 , 1944 ) is a French ceramist .
Thomas Boyd , 6th Lord Boyd ( c. 1547 - -1611 ) was a Scottish noble and politician .
Subangkit ( born 29 November 1960 ) is an Indonesian football head coach who recently coached Persela Lamongan of the Indonesian Super League .
Hanka Paldum ( born 28 April 1956 ) is a Bosnian folk and sevdalinka singer and founder of the record label Sarajevo Disk .
Georg Ehrnrooth ( born 1966 ) is the major owner with his brothers of Finnish HEX exchange stock companies EQ Bank , YIT and Pöyry .
Patrice Halgand ( born 2 March 1974 in St - Nazaire ) is a French professional road racing cyclist , who is not currently signed to any team .
Johann Jakob Dorner the Younger , a Bavarian landscape painter , the son of Johann Jakob Dorner the Elder , was born at Munich in 1775 .
Mick Dennis ( born 10 May 1952 in Isleworth , Middlesex , England ) is an editor and author and a retired sports writer and broadcaster .
Ben Canaider ( born in 1967 ) is an Australian writer specializing in drinks and alcoholic beverages - and their broader cultural and historical significance and meaning .
Olajumoke Bodunrin ( born 7 February 1945 ) is a retired Nigerian sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres , 400 metres and 4 x 100 metres relay .
Janne Virtanen ( born 16 November 1969 ) is a Finnish former strongman who won the World 's Strongest Man championship in 2000 .
Barbara Pickersgill ( born 1940 ) is a British botanist with a special interest in the domestication of crops , the genetics , taxonomy , and evolutionary biology of cultivated plants , and the preservation of crop diversity .
Monika Kostera ( born 28 February 1963 ) is a Polish organization theorist , known for her contributions to postmodern business studies , myths , storytelling and narrative analysis in anthropology of organization .
Ben Relles ( b. 1975 ) is Head of Comedy at YouTube , as part of the YouTube Originals program .
Frank Madigan ( 1908 - -1979 ) was sheriff the Alameda County Sheriff 's Office in Alameda County , California from 1963 to 1975 .
Febiolla Ramlan ( born 15 February 1980 ) or better known as Olla Ramlan , is an Indonesian presenter , model , TV personality and socialite .
Petar Stoychev ( Bulgarian : Петър Стойчев ; born 24 October 1976 in Momchilgrad ) is a Bulgarian swimmer who is one of the most successful long distance marathon swimmers of the last decade .
Rajendra Bahadur Bhandari ( Nepali : राजेन्द्र बहादुर भण्डारी ) ( born 14 November 1975 ) is a Nepalese long - distance runner and soldier who has won two silver medals at the 9th Asian Games and two gold medals at the 10th Asian Games .
Denis Maguire ( also known as Dennis or Dionysius Maguire ) , DD , O.F.M. , ( 1721 - -1798 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic churchman who served as Bishop of Dromore from 1767 to 1770 and Bishop of Kilmore 1770 to 1798 .
Till Gerhard ( born 1971 ) is a German artist based in Hamburg .
John Pym Yeatman ( 1830 - 1910 ) was a barrister and influential proponent of British Israelism .
Morten Jørgensen ( born 23 June 1985 ) is a Danish lightweight rower .
Mike Cahen ( born 29 October 1959 ) London , England is a guitarist , songwriter and producer .
Mr. Robert Hernreich , ( born 1945 ) , is a previous owner of the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association , the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball , the Sacramento Monarchs of the WNBA , the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League , and the Sacramento Knights of the World Indoor Soccer League .
Jean Taché , ( b. 1698 -- April 18 , 1768 ) made his first trip to Canada in 1727 to deal in furs and engage in other business activities .
Matthew Michalewicz ( born 1976 ) is an entrepreneur and author with experience in the fields of technology , commercialization and supply chain management .
Chris Rokos ( Christopher Charles Rokos , born 21 September 1970 ) is a British hedge fund manager and philanthropist .
Rob Maas ( born 17 December 1969 ) is a Dutch football manager and former player , currently interim manager of Vitesse .
Michael F. Scholz ( born Berlin 13 September 1958 ) is a German university professor in modern and contemporary history , currently ( 2015 ) based in Sweden .
Amin Wardak ( born in 1951 ) was a major Afghan mujahideen leader who mostly fought against the Afghan communist regime and the Soviet invaders in his home region of Wardak Province during the Soviet war in Afghanistan in the 80 's .
Peter Bales ( 1547 - -1610 ? ) was an English calligrapher and one of the inventors of shorthand writing .
Giuseppe Bonno ( 29 January 1711 -- 15 April 1788 ) was an Austrian composer of Italian origin .
Scott Hamilton Kennedy ( born 1965 ) is an American film director , producer , writer and editor primarily known for his work in directing documentary films .
Michael Stilo ( born 8 November 1951 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , and Brunswick in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) , during the 1970s .
Lynne Franks ( born 16 April 1948 ) founded one of the UK 's best - known public relations consultancies in the early 1970s and is currently an advocate , communications strategist , writer and spokeswoman on women 's issues , sustainability and consumer lifestyles .
Povilas Vanagas ( Lithuanian pronunciation : ​(ˈpôːvʲɪɫɐs ˈväːnɐɡɐs ) ; born 23 July 1970 ) is a Lithuanian ice dancer .
Ulla Agneta Jones ( née Andersson ; born 18 June 1946 ) , known professionally as Ulla Andersson and Ulla Jones is a former high fashion model , actress , singer , songwriter and photographer .
Timothy Schedl ( b. 1955 in Iowa City , Iowa ) is a professor of genetics at Washington University in St. Louis .
Robert Stoltenberg ( born 17 April 1965 ) is a Norwegian actor and comedian known for his various impressions in different comedy series .
Latifa Baka ( born 1964 ) , is a Moroccan author of novels and short stories .
Ernesto Maguengue ( born 2 August 1964 ) is a Mozambican clergyman , who is the Auxiliary Bishop of Nampula . He was ordained as a priest on 14 May 1989 in Maputo .
Zachariah T. Woodall ( September 1849 -- September 12 , 1899 ) was a soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 6th U.S. Cavalry during the Red River War , and later in the Spanish--
Joe Crowther ( born 1913 ) was an English motorcycle speedway rider who had his greatest success in the period immediately after World War II . Crowther was born in Stanley , County Durham and after early ambitions of becoming a jockey , initially pursued a career as a footballer with Crook Town .
Richard B. Frank ( born 1947 in Kansas ) is an American lawyer and military historian .
Pop Levi ( born Jonathan James Mark Levi 22 September 1977 in Surrey ) is an English singer , multi - instrumentalist and record producer .
Dr. Arthur Thomas Doodson ( 31 March 1890 -- 10 January 1968 ) was a British oceanographer .
Omid Sekenari ( Persian : امید سکناری‎ , born 24 April 1988 ) is an Iranian handball player for Magnesium Ferdows and the Iranian national team .
Alice Lamb ( born 5 October 1984 ) plays for Great Britain women 's national ice hockey team as defenceman .
He Shikai ( 和士開 ) ( 524 - -571 ) , courtesy name Yantong ( 彥通 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Northern Qi .
Simon Whelehan ( born 27 July 1976 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a full - back for the Offaly senior hurling team .
John F.W. Rogers ( born 1956 ) is a partner at Goldman Sachs .
Sonaram Sutiya was born into an ethnic Assamese Sutiya family on 8 June 1915 to Jagiram Sutiya and Phuleswari Sutiya in Jorhat district of Assam .
Sarah Wu ( born 1977 ) is an American elementary school teacher who went undercover in 2010 to `` raise awareness about school lunch food in America . ''
John Runnings ( 22 August 1917 -- 25 April 2004 ) was a peace protester also known as the `` Wall Walker '' .
Alan Kamara ( born 15 July 1958 ) is an English former footballer who played 339 matches in the Football League for York City , Darlington , Scarborough and Halifax Town .
Loeiz Honoré ( born 26 January 1961 at La Guerche de Bretagne , France ) is a violin maker living in Cremona , Italy since 1978 .
Ellen Frankel ( born 1951 ) was the editor - in - chief of The Jewish Publication Society from 1991 until 2009 , and also served as CEO of the JPS for 10 years .
Luis Miró Doñate ( born 3 March 1913 ; died 15 September 1991 ) was a Spanish footballer and coach .
Uwe Meierhenrich ( born 23 October 1967 in Detmold ) is a German Physico - Chemist .
Evan Mandery ( born 1967 ) is an American author and criminal justice academic at John Jay College of Criminal Justice .
Clara Aurora Liljenroth ( 7 June 1772 -- 28 February 1836 ) , also incorrectly referred to as Charlotta Liljeroth , was a Swedish scholar .
Victoria Monks ( 1 November 1884 -- 1927 ) was a British music hall singer of the early 20th century .
Tamrat Desta ( born 1978 ) is an Ethiopian singer and vocalist .
Raya Zeineddine ( Arabic : راية زين الدين‎ born 8 March 1988 ) is a Syrian sports shooter .
Shama Sikander Gesawat ( born 4 August 1981 ) is an Indian actress who is best remembered for her lead role in the celebrated TV series Yeh Meri Life Hai ( 2003 - 2005 ) .
Goran Čolak ( born in Zagreb , 24 April 1983 ) is a Croatian free - diver .
Sam Nzima ( Born : 8 August 1934 , Lillydale , Transvaal ) is the South African photographer who took what became the iconic image of Hector Pieterson for the Soweto uprising , but struggled for years to get the copyright .
Osvaldo Cavandoli ( 1 January 1920 -- 3 March 2007 ) , also known by his pen name Cava , was an Italian cartoonist .
Jozef Jarabinský ( born 12 March 1944 ) is a former Czechoslovak football player and later a football manager of Slovak origin .
Simon LeVay ( born 28 August 1943 ) is a British - American neuroscientist .
Paul Abdel Sater ( born 20 September 1962 in Ain El Remmaneh , Lebanon ) is a Curial bishop of the Maronite Catholic Patriarchate of Antioch .
Marabel Morgan ( 25 June 1937- ) is an American author of self - help books for married women , including The Total Woman ( 1973 ) , Total Joy ( 1983 ) , The Total Woman Cookbook ( 1980 ) and The Electric Woman ( 1986 ) .
Andriy Mykhailovych Danylko ( Ukrainian : Андрі́й Миха́йлович Дани́лко ; born 2 October 1973 ) , better known as his drag character Verka Serduchka ( Ukrainian : Вєрка Сердючка ) , is a Ukrainian comedian and pop and dance singer .
Jan Kalabiška ( born 22 December 1986 ) is a Czech footballer player who currently plays for FK Mladá Boleslav as a winger .
Gabriel Villa ( born 1965 , El Paso , Texas , USA ) is a Pilsen , Chicago - based artist and muralist .
Stephen Paisley ( born 28 July 1983 ) is an Irish professional football player currently without a club .
Yeranuhi Karakashian ( Armenian : Երանուհի Գարագաշյան ; 1848 in Uskudar , Ottoman Empire - 1924 in Tiflis , Georgia ) was an ethnic Armenian actress .
Amnon Yariv ( born 1930 ) is an Israeli - American professor of applied physics and electrical engineering at Caltech , known for innovations in optoelectronics .
Jean - François Rossignol is an American scientist , a medicinal chemist and a physician , born in France on September 5 , 1943 .
Ashley Allanson ( born 13 November 1986 ) is a footballer , who plays in midfield at Bridlington Town .
Ali Al Hajj ( born 1955 ) is the former major general and director of the Lebanese Internal Security Forces .
Haider Ackermann ( born 29 March 1971 ) is a Colombian designer of ready - to - wear fashion .
Alyaksandar Lukhvich ( Belarusian : Аляксандар Лухвіч ; Russian : Александр Анатольевич Лухвич ; born 21 February 1970 ) is a Belarusian professional football coach and a former player .
El Viejín , ( born José Jiménez in 1963 in Madrid ) , is a Spanish flamenco guitarist .
Nayanthara ( born Diana Mariam Kurian on 18 November 1984 ) is an Indian film actress from Kerala , who appears in South Indian films .
Prodromos Meravidis ( Greek : Πρόδρομος Μεραβίδης,born in 1910 and died August 12 , 1981 ) was a pioneer of Greek cinema .
Trent Hotton ( born 1 December 1973 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Carlton in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ahmed Marzooq ( born 1 September 1976 in Addu Feydhoo , Republic of Maldives ) , also known as Mare , is the Secretary General of Maldives Olympic Committee .
Edwin Chesley Estes Lord ( born 1868 ) was an American geologist and petrographer .
Kevin McManamon ( born 9 December 1986 ) is a Gaelic footballer for Dublin who plays for St Judes alongside his elder brother Brendan McManamon and has been a member of the Dublin since 2010 .
Jannie Engelbrecht ( born 10 November 1938 ) was a Springbok rugby player who represented his country from 1960 to 1969 .
Selena Fox ( born 20 October 1949 in Arlington , Virginia ) is a Wiccan priestess , interfaith minister , environmentalist , pagan elder , author , and lecturer in the fields of pagan studies , ecopsychology , and comparative religion .
Brian Drysdale ( born 24 February 1943 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back .
Martin Losu ( also Marthin Losu , born 15 March 1987 ) is an Indonesian athlete .
Marina Anna Eich ( born 17 December 1976 ) is a German film actress and producer .
Elizabeth Mongudhi ( born 15 June 1970 in Windhoek ) is a retired Namibian athlete competing in the long - distance events .
Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha or Hasan Pasha of Algiers ( 1713 - -19 March 1790 ) was an Ottoman captain , Grand Admiral ( 1770 - 1790 ) , Grand Vizier ( 1790 ) , and general of the late 18th century .
Miklós Korondi ( born 16 April 1955 ) is a Hungarian politician and a member of parliament between 2010 and 2014 .
Ardal O'Hanlon ( /oʊˈhænlən/ ; born 8 October 1965 ) is an Irish comedian and actor .
Gary Ramsden ( born 2 March 1983 , Dewsbury , Yorkshire , England ) is an English first - class cricketer , who played in one first - class match , and one one day match , for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 2000 .
Anastas Avramidhi - Lakçe or Anastas Avram - Lakçe ( 1821 - -1890 ) was an Albanian businessman and benefactor .
Adrian Papahagi ( born 20 March 1976 , Cluj ) is a Romanian philologist , essayist and politician .
Derek Burnett ( born 27 October 1970 ) is an Irish sport shooter from County Longford , who specialises in the trap .
Richard Anthony Burke ( born 19 February 1949 ) was a prelate in the Roman Catholic Church .
Georgi Chomakov ( Bulgarian : Георги Чомаков ) ( born 6 April 1959 ) is a Bulgarian fencer .
Semisi Masirewa ( born 9 June 1992 ) is a Fijian rugby union footballer who currently plays as an outside back for the Force in the international Super Rugby competition .
Arvid Nilssen ( 25 December 1913 , Alvdal , Hedmark -- 24 March 1976 ) was a Norwegian actor , revue artist and singer .
Michelangelo Faggioli ( 1666 - -1733 ) , was an Italian lawyer and celebrated amateur composer of humorous cantatas in Neapolitan dialect .
Ingrid Wendt ( born 1944 ) , is an American writer and poet .
Yosef Tamir ( Hebrew : יוסף תמיר‎ , 5 March 1915 -- 10 August 2009 ) was an Israeli journalist , politician , lawyer and a professional javelin thrower .
Mark Milloff ( born 1953 in Miami , Florida ) is an internationally exhibited American painter and art professor .
Robin Tilbrook ( born 1958 ) is a solicitor and English politician , the chairman and a founder member of the English Democrats , a political party that advocates English independence .
Boris Blacher ( 19 January ( O.S. 6 January ) 1903 -- 30 January 1975 ) was a German composer and librettist .
Llywelyn Siôn ( 1540 -- c.1615 ) was a Welsh language poet .
Damien Lock ( born 1 October 1978 ) is a former Australian rules footballer & current Professional Boxer , who played with Carlton in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
George Arthur Keartland ( 11 June 1848 -- 21 May 1926 ) was an Australian typographer and ornithologist notable for his collecting work on the Horn and Calvert scientific exploring expeditions .
Bernard Benesh ( 17 August 1891 in Graben -- 17 September 1964 in Burrville in Morgan County , Tennessee ) was an American entomologist who specialised in Lucanidae .
Thomas Piermayr ( born 2 August 1989 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Békéscsaba in Nemzeti Bajnokság I in Hungary .
Marta Chrust - Rożej ( born 29 September 1978 in Namysłów ) is a Polish athlete who specializes in the 400 metres hurdles and 4x400 m relay .
Jiří Kormaník ( born 26 March 1935 ) is a retired wrestler .
Anurag Anand ( born 2 November 1978 ) is an Indian author with ten published titles in the self - help , general fiction and historical fiction genres .
Maud Frizon de Marco ( born Danielle Maud Frizon 1941 , Paris , France ) is a fashion designer specializing in women 's shoes .
Jurica Grabušić ( born 28 March 1983 ) is a Croatian athlete who specializes in the 110 metre hurdles .
Jeroni Fajardo ( born 5 April 1985 ) , is a Spanish International motorcycle trials rider .
Kamal G ( born 22 July 1989 ) is an Indian film director , film editor and film producer from Kovilpatti in Thoothukudi District , Tamil Nadu , who works in the South Indian film industry .
Jungil Hong also known as Jung - li Hong ( 1976 born in Seoul , Korea ) is an Korean - American artist based in Providence , Rhode Island .
Amalie Hofer , née Weissenrieder ( 12 September 1820 , Gengenbach , Baden - 18 February 1872 ) was the German wife of Johann Hofer ( 18 August 1810 in Önsbach - 4 August 1880 in Offenburg ) Both were agitators and revolutionaries in the 1848 Revolution .
Kamini Kadam ( born Manik Kadam ; 1933 -- 2000 ) was an Indian actress who appeared in Marathi and Hindi films in the 1950s and 1960s .
Johannes Winnertz ( 11 February 1800 - 24 July 1890 ) was a German entomologist specialising in Diptera .
Rombaut Pauwels or Rombout Pauwels ( or Pauli ) ( Mechelen , 1625 -- Ghent , 4 January 1692 ) was a Flemish architect and sculptor who worked in a moderate Baroque style .
Ada of Huntingdon ( c. 1146 -- after 1206 ) was a Scottish noblewoman and Countess of Holland by marriage .
Serges Flavier Mbilla Etame ( 22 June 1988 ) , also known as Mbilla Etame , is a Cameroonian professional football player , as of 2015 , who is a part of Antalyaspor squad competing at Süper Lig .
Merveille Lukeba ( born 30 March 1990 ) is a Congo born , British actor , best known for his role as Thomas Tomone in double BAFTA - winning E4 teen drama Skins .
St Basil of Pavlovsky Posad , born Vasily Gryaznov ( 1816 -- February 16 , 1869 ) , also known as Holy Vasily , is a Russian saint , glorified in 1999 for living a righteous life .
Allan Bresland ( born 16 August 1945 , Dunamanagh , County Tyrone ) is a unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Shaul Shats ( born 1944 ) ( variant names Shaul Shatz , Saul Shatz ) is an Israeli painter , printmaker and illustrator , born in 1944 in Kibbutz Sarid , Israel .
Savannah Smith Boucher ( born October 28 , 1943 ) , known professionally as Savannah Smith prior to 1985 , is an American actress originally from Springhill in Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana .
N. Sikki Reddy ( born 18 August 1993 ) is an Indian badminton player who plays doubles and mixed doubles .
Keith Miles ( born 1940 ) is a writer of historical fiction and mystery novels .
Gregory Dexter ( 1610 - -1700 ) was a printer , Baptist minister , and early President of the combined towns of Providence and Warwick in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations .
Karen Ignagni ( b. 1954 , Providence , RI ) is the President and Chief Executive Officer of EmblemHealth as of 9/1/2015 , until which time she was the President and Chief Executive Officer of America 's Health Insurance Plans ( AHIP ) , formerly HIAA ( Health Insurance Association of America ) .
Purushottam Nagesh Oak ( 2 March 1917 -- 4 December 2007 ) , commonly referred to as P. N. Oak , was an Indian writer , notable for his Hindu - centric brand of historical revisionism .
Nancy Murdoch ( born 17 October 1969 in Dumfries ) is a Scottish curling coach from Lockerbie .
Sir Brian McMaster ( born 9 May 1943 ) CBE in Hitchin is an English arts administrator .
Jaromír Ježek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjaromiːr ˈjɛʒɛk ) ; born 13 November 1986 ) is a Czech judoka .
Elizabeth Jeffreys ( born 22 July 1941 ) was Bywater and Sotheby Professor of Byzantine and Modern Greek Language and Literature , University of Oxford , and Fellow of Exeter College , Oxford , 1996 - -2006 .
Roland Kökény ( born 24 October 1975 ) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 2000s in European and World Championships as well as the Olympics Games .
Joseph Ingraham ( 1762 - -1800 ) was an American sailor and maritime fur trader who discovered several islands of the Marquesas Islands while on his way to trade along the west coast of North America .
Claudine Wallet ( born 20 August 1932 ) is a Belgian Olympic fencer .
Geertjan Lassche ( born in Zwolle , 17 August 1976 ) is a Dutch reporter and documentary film maker .
Thor Gjermund Eriksen ( born 2 October 1966 ) is a Norwegian journalist and editor who has been Director - General of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation since 12 March 2013 .
William Lucas Root ( 1919 -- April 22 , 2007 ) was a noted American information theorist .
Irfan Kolothum Thodi ( born 8 February 1990 ) is an Indian athlete from Malappuram , Kerala .
Amanda Burton ( born 10 October 1956 ) is a Northern Irish actress , active from 1981 .
Robert Allwood ( 1803 - -1891 ) was an English - born cleric and academic in colonial Sydney , who served as rector of St James ' Church , Sydney for 44 years .
He Depu ( Chinese : 何德普 ; pinyin : Hé Dépǔ ; born 28 October 1956 ) is a dissident in the People 's Republic of China .
Eli Johana Moreno Valencia ( born 15 April 1985 in Carepa , Antioquia ) is a Colombian track and field athlete who specialises in the hammer throw .
Günther Mund Borgs ( 1934 -- March 27 , 2011 ) was a competitive diver who represented Chile at two Olympic Games .
Magie Dominic ( born 1944 ) is a Canadian poet , author , and artist who was born in Corner Brook , Newfoundland .
Noel Tovey AM ( born 25 December 1934 ) is an Australian dancer , actor , mentor , director and choreographer .
Arthur Stanton ( 1892 -- after 1917 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham .
Kristian Norheim ( born 19 April 1976 ) is a Norwegian politician who has been a member of the Stortinget as an alternate for State Secretary Bård Hoksrud .
Donna Fox ( born 22 October 1984 ) , is a British Women 's International motorcycle trials rider . Fox was a member of the winning British Women 's TDN team in 2006 - 2007 and 2015 .
Elizabeth de Comyn ( 1 November 1299 - 20 November 1372 ) was a medieval noblewoman and heiress , notable for being kidnapped by the Despenser family towards the end of the reign of King Edward II .
John V. Robinson ( born 1960 ) is an American writer and photographer who specializes in photographing heavy construction work with a focus on bridge construction and the men and women who do the work .
Dennes De Kegel ( born 7 January 1994 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a right back for Belgian football association Cercle Brugge .
Alexander M. Schweitzer ( born 7 April 1964 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German theologian and musician .
Raymond Rahme ( Born in 1945 ) is a South African professional poker player .
William K. Sessions III ( born 1947 in Hartford , Connecticut ) is serving as senior judge on the United States District Court for the District of Vermont and has served as the Vice Chair and eventually as Chair of the United States Sentencing Commission .
Raymond Beegle was born in Los Angeles in 1942 , and received a bachelor of arts degree from UCLA .
Robert M. Allan ( born 1880 ) was a member of the City Council in Los Angeles , California from 1921 to 1927 .
Bhanu Bharti ( born 1947 ) is an eminent Indian theatre director and playwright , and the founder - director of Aaj Rangmandal theatre group .
Engineer Benson Abounu who was born on 3 July 1949 , attended the Methodist Primary School , Upu - Icho in Otukpo , his birthplace , from 1957 to 1963 .
Gary Svee ( born 1943 ) is an American author and journalist , known for his Westerns .
Peter McCabe ( born Peter Henry McCabe ; 7 November 1945 -- April 1998 ) was an English author and music journalist , who wrote in a variety of genres .
Marianne Suhr MRICS ( born c. 1969 ) is an English Chartered Building Surveyor , writer , and expert on historic buildings .
Rosa Torre González ( 1896 ) in the state of Yucatán , Mexico .
Terry Jackman ( born 1943 in Brisbane ) is a businessman involved in media , sports , and tourism in Australia .
Nikos Iordanidis ( Greek : Νίκος Ιορδανίδης ; born 17 July 1980 ) is a professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Kavala .
Babak Masoumi Daraki ( 13 July 1972 -- 10 August 2011 ) was an Iranian futsal player and coach who was former captain of the Iranian national team .
Andreas Loverdos ( Greek : Ανδρέας Λοβέρδος ( anˈðreas loˈverðos ) ; born 15 May 1956 ) is a Greek politician who was Minister for Education and Religious Affairs from 2014 to 2015 .
Doris A. Davis ( born circa 1935 ) is a former mayor of Compton , California , who earned a place in history as the first African - American woman mayor of a metropolitan city in the United States .
China Marks ( born 1942 , Kansas City , Missouri ) is an American artist creating process - directed sewn drawings and one - of - a - kind books .
Růžena Krásná ( born 22 June 1921 ) is a Czech liberal politician and human rights advocate , who was a political prisoner under the Communist regime in Czechoslovakia for eleven years .
Ahmed Kotiev ( born 15 January 1968 ) is a Russian former professional boxer and a former WBO World Champion in the Welterweight class .
Arthur Pickles OBE JP ( December 1901 -- April 3 , 1984 ) , was a British architect and Liberal Party politician who was Mayor of Halifax .
Philip II , Count of Nassau - Weilburg ( 14 March 1418 -- 19 March 1492 in Mainz ) was Count of Nassau in Weilburg and shared briefly the regency of the County of Saarbrücken .
Fawwaz Haddad ( Arabic : فواز حدّاد ) ( born 1947 ) is a Syrian novelist .
Derek Fordjour ( born 1974 in Memphis , TN ) is an interdisciplinary artist who works in video / film , sculpture and painting .
Frankie Armstrong ( born 13 January 1941 in Workington , Cumberland , England ) is a singer and voice teacher .
Dahr Jamail ( born 1968 ) is an American journalist who was one of the few unembedded journalists to report extensively from Iraq during the 2003 Iraq invasion .
Wang Enge ( born January 1957 ) is a Chinese physicist and academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences .
Vladimir Milenković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Bлaдимиp Mилeнкoвић , born 22 June 1982 ) is a Serbian football striker who plays for Sinđelić Beograd .
Kesiraju Srinivas ( born 14 October 1966 in Tekkali , Srikakulam district , Andhra Pradesh ) , popularly known as Ghazal Srinivas , holds the Guinness world record for most languages sung .
Harold Edward Bindloss ( 1866 - December 30 , 1945 ) was an English novelist who wrote many adventure novels set in western Canada .
Alec Bregonzi ( 21 April 1930 , London -- 4 June 2006 ) was an English actor who appeared in a number of stage and television roles .
Sanjida Islam ( Bengali : সানজিদা ইসলাম ) ( born : 1 April 1996 in Rangpur ) is a Bangladeshi women cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women 's cricket team .
Charlie Slowes ( born c. 1961 ) is a longtime American sportscaster who is the radio play - by - play announcer for the Washington Nationals .
Daniel Huňa ( born 25 June 1979 ) is a former professional Czech football player .
Sarah Stephens ( born 7 June 1990 ) is an Australian model , best known for winning Girlfriend magazine 's Model Search 2006 and walking in the 2008 Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show at the age of 18 .
Kevin Cheung ( born Cheung Ho Yan on 23 February 1990 ) is a Mauritian swimmer .
Penny Layden ( born 1969 ) is a British actress who has performed at the National Theatre - Table , Timon of Athens , Edward II , with the Royal Shakespeare Company ) , the Old Vic Theatre Shakespeare 's Globe and with Shared Experience and the Royal Exchange Theatre amongst other theatre companies .
Smaragde Mbonyintege ( born 2 February 1947 ) is the Catholic Bishop of Kabgayi , in Rwanda .
Richard K. Fleischman ( born 1941 ) is an American accounting scholar and Emeritus Professor of Accounting at the John Carroll University , known for his work on accounting history .
Ahmed Qessab ( born on 15 April 1981 in Marrakech ) is a Moroccan footballer who usually plays as a defender .
Li Kongzheng ( Chinese : 李孔政 ; pinyin : Lǐ Kǒngzhèng ; born 4 May 1959 ) is a Chinese diver .
Dainius Razauskas ( born 1960 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian mythologist , historian of religions , writer , and translator .
Dave Dillewaard ( born 16 October 1983 ) is an Australian BMX Dirt and Freestyle rider .
Sister Jesme , born 1956 , is an academician from Kerala , India .
Ethelbert White was an English wood engraver who was born on 26 February 1891 .
Josef Steindl ( 14 April 1912 -- 7 March 1993 ) was an Austrian - born Post - Keynesian economist .
Yun Wang ( born 1964 ) is a poet and cosmologist .
Anette Gleichmann , née Skaugen ( born 1964 ) is a Norwegian investor and publisher .
Nicholas Daniel ( born 9 January 1962 ) is a British oboist and conductor .
Fabio De'Longhi ( born 1967 ) is an Italian businessman , CEO of De'Longhi .
Alan Basil de Lastic ( 24 September 1929 -- 20 June 2000 ) was a prominent Catholic ( Latin Rite ) clergyman in India who was installed as the fourth Archbishop of Delhi in November 1990 .
Muhammad Mansoor Afaq ( Urdu : محمد منصور آٖفاق‎ ) born 17 January 1962 , known as Mansoor Afaq ( Urdu : منصور آفاق‎ ) , is a Pakistani Urdu poet , playwright , columnist and religious scholar .
Nicholas Sutton ( born 18 August 1969 ) is an English property developer .
Pertemba ( born 1949 ) , also called Pertemba Sherpa , is a professional Nepalese mountaineer , trek leader and businessman .
Ellery Akers ( born 1946 ) is an award - winning American writer and artist living on the Northern California Coast .
Davis Schneiderman ( born 1974 ) is an American writer and academic , known for the unusual packaging of his novels .
Yuliana Doncheva Petkova ( Bulgarian : Юлияна Дончева Петкова ) ( born 25 June 1965 ) is a Bulgarian politician , businesswoman and television personality .
Arif Ozakca ( Turkish : Arif Özakça ) ( born 1979 in London , United Kingdom ) is a British artist who combines montages with painting .
Warren Scott ( born 28 September 1971 in Bishop 's Stortford , Hertfordshire ) is a British race driver .
Mark Justice ( born c. 1970 ) is a former Magic :
Pierre - Jules Boulanger , often known simply as Pierre Boulanger ( 10 March 1885 - 12 November 1950 ) was a French engineer and businessman .
Pål Johannessen ( born circa 1960 ) is a Norwegian former child actor .
Dudu Twito ( born 6 February 1994 , in Be'er Sheva ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Maccabi Petah Tikva as a left back .
Arnaldo Faustini ( 1872 - -1944 ) was an Italian polar geographer , writer , and cartographer .
Jodocus Crull , M.D. , FRS ( 1660 - -1713 ) was a late 17th - century and early 18th - century `` miscellaneous writer '' on historical subjects , with political and sociological insights .
Ryder Britton ( born 21 December 1985 ) is a retired Canadian film and television actor .
Michel Tremblay , CQ ( born 25 June 1942 ) is a Canadian novelist and playwright .
Vern Sarsfield ( 10 December 1905 -- 21 January 1984 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Yashodhara Ray Chaudhuri ( born 1965 ) is a poet residing in Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Judith Levine ( born 1952 ) is an American author , journalist , civil libertarian and co - founder of the National Writers Union , a trade union of contract and freelance writers , and No More Nice Girls , a group dedicated to promoting abortion rights through street theater .
Chen Shiwei ( Born 26 January 1997 ) is a Chinese track and field sprint athlete who competes in the Men 's 4x100 m relay event .
Amirthanathan Adaikalanathan ( Tamil : அமிர்தநாதன் அடைக்கலநாதன் ; born 10 June 1962 ; commonly known as Selvam Adaikalanathan ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil militant turned politician and Member of Parliament .
Luigi Arditi ( 16 July 1822 -- 1 May 1903 ) was an Italian violinist , composer and conductor .
Markus Hoffmann ( 2 January 1971 -- 16 January 1997 ) was a German actor , most famous for his portrayal of Henning von Anstetten in the soap opera Verbotene Liebe .
Richard Ritter ( born 1940 ) is an American studio glass artist who lives in North Carolina .
Andrea Sottil ( born 4 January 1974 ) is an Italian former footballer turned coach .
Vishnu Govind Jog , better known as V. G. Jog ( 22 February 1922 -- 31 January 2004 ) , was an Indian violinist .
Emma Moffatt ( born 7 September 1984 ) is an Australian professional triathlete .
Simon de Pury ( born 1951 ) is a Swiss art auctioneer and collector .
Gao Zhilin ( Chinese : 高志林 ; Pinyin : Gāo Zhìlín ; born 8 January 1991 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Meizhou Kejia in the China League Two .
Tony Bilbow ( born 17 April 1932 ) is a British television interviewer , film expert and writer .
Derek John Blundell ( born 1933 ) is a British geologist , now Emeritus Professor of Geophysics , Royal Holloway , University of London .
Donald J. Hall Sr . ( born 1929 ) is the chairman of the board and majority shareholder of Hallmark Cards , the world 's largest greeting card manufacturer and one of the world 's largest privately held companies .
Jan Talich , Jr. ( born 1967 ) is Czech violinist and conductor .
Harold Spina ( 21 June 1906 -- 18 July 1997 ) was an American composer of popular songs .
Maja Zebić ( born 31 May 1982 ) is a Croatian handballer playing in the left wing position for the Croatian national team and ŽRK Vardar .
Shaun Dingwall ( born 1970 ) is an English actor and is known for his roles on film , television and stage .
Thomas Woolfall ( born 1871 , date of death unknown ) was an English professional footballer who played as a right - back .
René Le Hir , Reun an Hir in Breton , ( 1920 - -1999 ) was a Breton nationalist .
Su Liangsi ( 蘇良嗣 ) ( 606 -- February 24 , 690 ) , formally the Duke of Wen ( 溫公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as chancellor during the first reign of Emperor Ruizong .
An Jae - jun ( Hangul : 안재준 ; born 8 February 1986 ) is a South Korean football centre - back , who plays for Ansan Police .
Erol Evgin ( born 1947 in Istanbul ) , is a Turkish pop singer , composer , and film actor .
Gleb Vladimirovich Nosovsky or Nosovskiy ( Russian : Глеб Владимирович Носовский ) ( born 26 January 1958 ) is a Russian mathematician .
O Muel ( born Oh Kyung - heon in 1971 ) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter .
Sir Uday Chand Mahtab KCIE the Maharajadhiraja Bahadur of Bardhaman Raj , K.C.I.E. , ( 14 July 1905 -- 10 October 1984 ) was the last ruler of Burdwan Raj , who ruled from 1941 till 1955 , when the zamindari system was abolished in India .
Yang Kuan ( Chinese : 杨宽 , 1914 − September 1 , 2005 ) was a Chinese historian specializing in pre - Qin Dynasty Chinese history .
Guus Hupperts ( born 25 April 1992 ) is a Dutch professional footballer , who currently plays for Willem II , on loan from AZ , in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Ammiel Alcalay ( born 1956 ) is an American poet , scholar , critic , translator , and prose stylist .
Reverend Paula Niukula was born in April , 1937 in Dobuilevu , Ra where his father , the late Ratu Epeli Niukula , was stationed as an Agricultural officer .
Suzanna Arundhati Roy ( born 24 November 1961 ) is an Indian author who is best known for her novel The God of Small Things ( 1997 ) , which won the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 1997 .
Philippe Boisse ( born 18 March 1955 ) a French fencer .
The Sucklord ( born Morgan Phillips circa 1969 in New York City ) is a New York pop artist .
Vishwambhar Dayalu Tripathi ( born 5 October 1899 , Died : 18 November 1959 ) was an Indian lawyer and politician .
Ihor Yastrebov ( born 7 November 1989 ) , better known as Jimmy X Rose , is a Ukrainian musician and designer .
Mayur Puri ( born 28 May 1974 ) is an Indian screenwriter , lyricist , actor and film - maker working in Mumbai .
Raja Farah Binti Raja Aziz ( born 5 July 1988 ) , is a Malaysian actress and model .
Brent Sherwin ( born 20 March 1978 in Greenacre , New South Wales ) is an Australian professional rugby league player .
Kim Hyo - joo ( Korean 김효주 , born 14 July 1995 ) , also known as Hyo Joo Kim , is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the LPGA of Korea Tour .
Wolfgang Giegerich ( born 1942 ) is a psychologist , trained as a Jungian analyst .
Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Rabiah ( born 11 November 1954 ) is a Saudi surgeon and former minister of health .
Nina Katchadourian ( Armenian : Նինա Խաչատուրյան ; born 1968 , Stanford , California ) is an Armenian - American artist .
Li Zuocheng ( Chinese : 李作成 ; born October 1953 ) is a general ( shang jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Tomasz Sobecki ( born 1952 in Toruń ) , active fine art photographer since 1981 .
Thiago Augusto Fernandes ( born 20 May 1990 ) is a Striker / Forward who is currently playing for Felda United F.C. in the Malaysia Super League .
David M. Lampton ( born 1946 ) is George and Sadie Hyman Professor and Director of China Studies at the Johns Hopkins Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies ( SAIS ) and Chairman of The Asia Foundation .
Rabbi Eliyahu Essas ( Hebrew : אליהו אסאס‎ , Hebrew : Илья Эссас‎ ; born 1946 ) is a former leader of Soviet Jewry and one of the founders of Baal Teshuva movement in the Soviet Union .
Boris Divjak ( born 31 October 1972 in Zagreb , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is economist by training and an anti - corruption activist who founded the Bosnia and Herzegovina ( BiH ) branch of the non - governmental organisation Transparency International ( TI ) in 2000 .
Colette Rossant ( born 1932 ) is a French - American cookbook author , journalist , translator , and restaurateur .
Victor Shepherd ( born 1944 ) is a Canadian Presbyterian minister , theology professor and author living in Toronto .
Patrick Ottoz ( born 15 June 1971 ) is an Italian former athlete who competed in the 400 metres hurdles .
Paul Karslake FRSA ( born 1958 ) is an artist , primarily a painter .
Leung Chi Wo Warren ( born 1968 ) is a Hong Kong visual artist and a current associate professor at the School of Creative Media , City University of Hong Kong His forms of works mainly range from photography , installation , paintings and videos .
Robert Millis ( born 1974 ) is an American online media producer .
Chandra Sekhar Yeleti ( born 4 March 1973 ) is an Indian film director , known for his works in Telugu cinema .
José Alesio da Silva ( born 27 September 1968 ) , commonly known as Alesio , is a retired Brazilian futsal player and coach .
Andrei Ivanovich Bogdanov ( Russian : Андрей Иванович Богданов ) ( 1692 -- September 11 , 1766 ) was one of the first Russian bibliographers and ethnographers .
Paula Barila Bolopa ( born 12 October 1979 ) , nicknamed ' The Crawler ' , is a retired Equatoguinean football player and swimmer .
Lucien Abenhaim ( born 1951 in Casablanca ) is a pharmacoepidemiologist and an expert in public health .
Gavin Fraser ( born 23 February 1972 in Liverpool , England ) is an English - born , former Scotland Under 21 international , Scottish rugby union player who played for Glasgow Warriors at the Wing positions Gavin Fraser was Scottish - Qualified as his father , Gordon , was born in Scotland .
Fan Hongbin ( born 1975 ) is a Chinese gymnast .
Ángel Cappelletti ( 1927 - -1995 ) was a philosopher and university professor .
Mehmet Aktaş ( born 1966 in Iğdır , Turkey ) is a Kurdish filmmaker , producer , author and journalist born in Turkey but living in Germany .
Conor McPherson ( born 6 August 1971 ) is an Irish playwright and director .
Michiko Sellars ( born 7 April 1985 ) , known by her stage name MiChi , is a Japanese - British pop singer .
Wilhelmina Weber Furlong ( 1878 - 1962 ) was a German American artist and teacher .
Nolberto Molina Flórez ( born 5 January 1953 ) is a former Colombian football defender and manager .
Annie Ross ( born 25 July 1930 ) is a British - American singer and actress , best known as a member of the jazz vocal trio Lambert , Hendricks & Ross .
Gumercindo España Olivares ( born 1935 ) is a Mexican artisan who specializes in traditional toys hand carved from wood .
William Henry Barlow FRS FRSE FICE MIMechE ( 10 May 1812 --12 November 1902 ) was an English civil engineer of the 19th century , particularly associated with railway engineering projects .
Adel Zawati ( Arabic : عادل زواتي ; born Zawata , Nablus , 1920 ; died 1984 ) was a Palestinian statesman and politician .
Horace Wolcott Robbins ( 21 October 1842 -- 1904 ) was an American landscape painter known for his watercolors .
Nikita Naumov ( Belarusian : Мiкiта Навумаў ; Russian : Никита Наумов ; born 15 November 1989 ) is a Belarusian footballer playing currently for Vitebsk .
Martin Ehrenreich ( born 10 May 1983 ) is an Austrian football defender for SK Sturm Graz .
Seán Clohessy ( born 27 October 1931 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team .
Robert Adam Lyon ( baptized 4 October 1829 -- June 6 , 1901 ) was a Canadian businessman and Liberal member of the Ontario Provincial Parliament from 1878 to 1884 and from 1885 to 1890 .
Steven Martens ( Lier , 25 May 1965 ) is a Belgian sports executive and the ex - CEO of the Royal Belgian Football Association .
Daniel Yankelovich ( born December 29 , 1924 ) is a public opinion analyst and social scientist .
Umapati Kumar was born on 8 February 1898 in Chagram located in the Burdwan district of West Bengal .
John Yorkston ( born 13 July 1954 in Dunfermline ) was previously Chairman of Scottish First Division side Dunfermline Athletic .
Angela Groothuizen ( born 28 September 1959 ) is a Dutch singer , artist and television personality .
Guan Zhe ( Chinese : 关喆 ; pinyin : Guān Zhé ; born 23 April 1981 ) is a Chinese pop singer and songwriter .
Ragnar Bohlin is a Swedish conductor born in 1965 .
Maxine Chernoff ( born 1952 ) is an American novelist , writer , poet , academic and literary magazine editor .
Korene Hinds ( born 19 October 1976 ) is a Jamaican long - distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metre steeplechase .
Andrea Calcese ( 1595 - -1656 ) , also called Ciuccio , was an Italian comic actor of the Baroque era .
Kirsten Münchow ( known as Kirsten Klose from 2002 until 2007 ; born 21 January 1977 ) is a German hammer thrower who won the Olympic bronze medal in 2000 with a personal best throw of 69.28 metres .
Teklemariam Medhin Weldeslassie ( born 24 June 1989 in Hazega ) is an Eritrean long - distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres and 10,000 metres .
Bernhard Cullmann , ( born 1 November 1949 ) nicknamed `` Bernd '' , is a former German footballer .
Isaac Slover ( 1780 - -1854 ) was an American 19th century fur trader .
Joann Aalfs ( born March 29 , 1923 ) is an American women 's rights and LGBT rights activist .
Barry Geraghty ( born 16 September 1979 in Pelletstown , County Meath , Ireland ) is an Irish jockey .
Enedina Alves Marques ( 13 January 1913 - 1981 ) is a Brazilian engineer and teacher .
Chantal Janzen ( born 15 February 1979 ) is a Dutch musical actress .
Wojciech Cejrowski ( born 27 June 1964 Elbląg ) is a Polish traveler , television and radio journalist , writer , Catholic publicist , satirist , and photographer .
Born in 1950 , Jeanna Petyarre ( also known as Jeannie Petyarre ) is a member of a family of well - known artists that includes Kathleen Petyarre , Ada Bird Petyarre and Emily Kame Kngwarreye .
Keith Michael Fiels ( born 1949 ) is an American librarian .
Helen Perlstein Pollard ( born 1946 ) is an American academic ethnohistorian and archaeologist , noted for her publications and research on pre - Columbian cultures in the west - central Mexico region .
Wu Xianghu ( c. 1964 -- February 2 , 2006 ) was a Chinese journalist who became the editor of the Taizhou Evening News or Taizhou Wanbao before being severely beaten by traffic police in 2005 .
Andrea Sedláčková ( born 22 July 1967 ) is a Czech film director , editor and screenwriter .
Hristo Lemperov ( Bulgarian : Христо Лемперов ; born 22 April 1988 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for OFC Pomorie as a left back .
Radek Haman ( born 22 December 1969 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey center who most recently played with HC Breclav of the Czech 4 , Liga .
Tomaž Nose ( born 21 April 1982 ) is a Slovenian retired racing cyclist .
Marion Cohen ( born 1943 ) is an American poet whose pen name is Marion Deutsche Cohen .
William Mudd Martin Haskell ( born 1946 ) is an American physician who , in 1992 , described an abortion procedure known clinically as intact dilation and extraction ( D&X ) , and popularly by the controversial , non - medical , non - technical term `` partial - birth abortion '' .
George Ayoub ( born 23 October 1963 ) is an Australian professional rugby union referee .
Henry Hugh Peter Deasy ( 1866 -- February 1947 ) was an Irish army officer , founder of the Deasy Motor Car Company and a writer .
Ola Didrik Saugstad ( born 5 March 1947 ) is a Norwegian pediatrician and neonatologist , who is internationally recognized for his research on resuscitation of newborn children and his contribution to reduce child mortality .
George Roy McWilliam ( July 21 , 1905 -- May 15 , 1977 ) was a Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons for the constituency of Northumberland--
Michael Deane ( born 19 March 1961 ) is a chef from Lisburn , Northern Ireland .
Pete Wiggs ( born Peter Stewart Wiggs , 15 May 1966 , Reigate , Surrey , England ) is an English musician and DJ .
Sam Buntrock ( born 19 September 1975 ) is an English stage director .
Denise Bode ( born 1954 , Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is a nationally recognized energy policy expert and a former Corporate Commissioner of that state .
Charles Kinkead OD ( 3 October 1913 -- 1 June 2007 ) was a Jamaican photojournalist and journalist , whose career spanned more than four decades .
Rev Dr Chris Tsui Hesse was born on 29 August 1932 at Osu , Accra .
Virak Dara ( born Kim Hiek in Kampot province , 1947 ) is a Cambodian actress primarily known for her roles in the 1960s and early - to - mid-1970s .
Teresa Saponangelo ( born in 1973 ) is an Italian film , television and stage actress .
Paul Gauselmann ( born 26 August 1934 ) is a German businessman , the founder and CEO of Gauselmann , a German company that produces slot machines , and runs gambling arcades .
Brandon Victor Dixon ( born 1981 ) is an American actor , singer and theatrical producer .
Lino Banfi ( born Pasquale Zagaria 11 July 1936 ) is an Italian film actor and presenter .
Safia Farkash ( born 1952 ) is the widow of the former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi , and mother of seven of his eight biological children .
Herman Waldmann FRS FMedSci ( born 27 February 1945 ) is a British immunologist known for his work on therapeutic monoclonal antibodies .
Daniel Birt ( 23 June 1907 -- 15 May 1955 ) was an English film director and editor .
Ladislav Lipič ( born 30 November 1951 in Murska Sobota ) is a Slovene major general , who in his career was :
Detlef Wiedeke ( born 5 July 1950 ) is a German singer , songwriter and record producer .
Tenzing Sonam ( born 16 January 1959 ) is a Tibetan film director , writer and essayist .
Sachiko Murata ( 村田幸子 , born 1943 ) is a professor of religion and Asian studies at the State University of New York at Stony Brook .
Pamela Evans ( born 1949 ) is a British author who is also trained as a medical doctor and a published academic .
Mohammad Said Hamid Junid ( 17 June 1902 -- after 1962 ) , often credited as Moh .
Han Ye - seul ( born Leslie Kim on 18 September 1981 ) is an American - born South Korean actress .
Ricky Wells ( born 27 July 1991 in Auckland , New Zealand ) , is an American international motorcycle speedway rider who was the 2009 US National Champion .
Robert S. Leiken ( born March 19 , 1939 ) is an American intellectual , political scientist , and historian who has worked at several U.S. universities and policy centers .
Samuel Boutal ( born 22 November 1969 ) is a former French football ( soccer ) striker or offensive midfielder .
Lawrence Macdonald sometimes Laurence Macdonald ( 15 February 1799 -4 March 1878 ) was a Scottish sculptor , operational in the 19th century .
Enrico dal Covolo SDB ( born 5 October 1950 ) is the current rector of the Pontifical Lateran University since his appointment on 30 June 2010 .
António Chainho ( born Santiago do Cacém , 1938 ) is a Portuguese fado guitarist .
Arthur Hallworth ( 1884 -- after 1906 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the First Division of the Football League for Birmingham .
John Haden Badley ( 21 February 1865 -- 6 March 1967 ) , author , educator , and founder of Bedales School , which claims to have become the first coeducational public boarding school in England in 1893 .
Paul Herzberg ( born 1953 ) is a South African - born actor and playwright .
Alice Shalvi ( Hebrew : אליס שלוי , born 16 October 1926 ) is an Israeli professor and educator .
Lee Blackett ( born 21 November 1982 in Chester , Cheshire , United Kingdom ) is an English rugby union footballer named the new Backs Coach for the 2015/2016 by the Wasps .
Ramona Koval ( born 1954 , Melbourne ) is an Australian broadcaster , writer and journalist .
Jimmie Macgregor ( born 10 March 1930 ) is a Scottish folksinger and broadcaster , best known as half of a singing duo with Robin Hall .
Rowenna Davis ( born 28 February 1985 ) is a British political journalist and wrote Tangled Up in Blue about the Blue Labour movement .
Peter McKenna ( born 27 August 1946 in Brunswick West , Victoria ) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Collingwood and Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1960s and 1970s .
John Anthony Derrington , CBE , FREng ( 1921 -- 9 February 2008 ) was a British civil engineer .
Anne - Lise Kielland ( 28 October 1919 -- 21 July 2005 ) was a Norwegian equestrian .
Mikhail Lakhitov ( born c. 1981 ) is a Russian professional poker player .
Samuel Adjei ( born 18 January 1992 ) is a Swedish footballer who is currently plays for Jönköpings Södra IF after being released by Newcastle United .
Ezra Squier Tipple ( 1861 - -1936 ) was the fifth president of Drew Theological Seminary from 1912 to 1929 .
Deborah Hertz ( born February 9 , 1949 ) , is an American historian whose specialties are modern German history , modern Jewish history and modern European women 's history .
Farid El Alagui ( born 28 August 1985 ) is a French - born Moroccan football striker who plays for Scottish Championship club Hibernian .
Tom Oliver ( born 12 June 1938 , Hampshire , England ) is an English - Australian television , film and theatre actor best known today for playing the role of Lou Carpenter in the Australian soap opera Neighbours .
Christian Falk ( 25 April 1962 -- 24 July 2014 ) was a Swedish record producer and musician .
Michael ' Mike ' Gilbert ( 20 July 1947 -- 14 August 2000 ) was a prolific fan artist in the late ' ' 60s in Locus and other fanzines as well as an author , and publishing professional .
Bobby Stokes ( 30 January 1951 -- 30 May 1995 ) was an English footballer , well known for scoring the winning goal in the 83rd minute of the FA Cup Final for Southampton F.C. against Manchester United in 1976 .
Hedevig Johanne Bagger ( 1740 - -1822 ) was a Danish inn - keeper and postmaster .
John II , Count of Ziegenhain ( died 14 February 1450 ) was the second son of Count Gottfried VIII of Ziegenhain and his wife Agnes of Brunswick .
Edwin Wilkins Field ( 12 October 1804 -- 30 July 1871 ) was an English lawyer and painter who committed much of his life to law reform .
Odd Solli ( 8 August 1924 -- 29 March 2007 ) was a Norwegian bobsledder .
Diana Barnato Walker MBE FRAeS ( 15 January 1918 -- 28 April 2008 ) was an English aviator and horse rider , the first British woman to break the sound barrier .
Penelope Barker ( June 17 , 1728 , Edenton , Chowan County , North Carolina − 1796 ) was an activist in the American Revolution who in 1774 organised a boycott of British goods known as the Edenton Tea Party .
Lei Tong ( died 218 ) was a military general serving under the warlord Liu Zhang during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Gyeon Singeom ( r. 935 - -936 ) was the second and final king of Hubaekje , one of the Later Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Leo Lankinen ( Langinen ) ( Russian : Лео Фомич Ла́нкинен , Leo Fomich Lankinen ) ( 13 July 1926 -- 17 December 1996 ) was a Karelian sculptor and painter .
Larry DuPraz ( 1919 - -2006 ) was the long - time production supervisor of The Daily Princetonian and Princeton University 's unofficial `` professor of journalism . ''
Rudolf Krčil ( 5 March 1906 -- 3 April 1981 ) was a former Czech football player and later manager .
William Pattison ( 1706 - -1727 ) was a short - lived English poet , now mostly remembered for his erotic poems .
Baron Victor Frédéric Chassériau ( 19 October 1774 -- 18 June 1815 ) was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars , who served as chief of staff to general Comte Milhaud .
Val Rosing ( 1910 - -1969 ) was the British `` Dance Hall '' and British dance band singer best known as the vocalist with the BBC in the BBC Dance Orchestra directed by Henry Hall .
Sebastian Sebastiani , ( died 1626 ) was an Italian sculptor and founder .
Saw O died in September 1323 , and was succeeded by his brother Saw Zein .
Robert Desmond ( 1923 - 2002 ) was a British film and television actor of the 1950s and 1960s .
Charles James Watkin Williams ( 23 September 1828 -- 17 July 1884 ) was a Welsh judge , doctor and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1880 .
Ide Pedersdatter Falk ( 1358 - 15 August 1399 ) , was a powerful Danish noble landholder and the founder of a convent .
Dr. John van Salee de Grasse ( 1825 - -1868 ) was the first African - American to be formally educated as a doctor in the United States .
Scipione Dentice ( 29 January 1560 -- 21 April 1633 ) was a Neapolitan keyboard composer .
Apollinaris William Baumgartner , O.F.M. Cap . , D.D. , ( 24 July 1899 -- 18 December 1970 ) was a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church , serving as Bishop of Agaña , Guam , from 1945 to 1970 .
Ram Nath Kak ( 1917 - -1993 ) ( Kashmiri : राम नाथ काक ( Devanagari ) ) ( born in Srinagar and died in Honolulu ) was a Kashmiri veterinarian whose autobiography Autumn Leaves is one of the most vivid portraits of life in 20th century Kashmir and has become a sort of a classic .
Alfred John Keene ( 1864 - -1930 ) was a British watercolour artist working in Derby .
Christine Buckley ( 1946/1947 -- 11 March 2014 ) was the director of the Aislinn support and education group for survivors of Industrial Schools in Ireland .
Johann Stössel ( also spelled Stoessel , 24 June 1524 -- 18 March 1576 ) was a Lutheran Theologian and Reformer .
Saints Digna and Emerita ( died 259 AD ) are venerated as saints by the Catholic Church .
Sir Patrick Heron Watson ( 1832 -- 1907 ) was an eminent 19th century Scottish surgeon and pioneer of anaesthetic development and modern dentistry .
Ilseong of Silla ( died 154 , r. 134 - -154 ) was the seventh ruler of Silla , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Ferdinand Paul Wirtgen ( 7 January 1848 , Koblenz -- 26 January 1924 , Bonn ) was a German pharmacist and botanist .
Frederick Sidney Cotton OBE ( 17 June 1894 -- 13 February 1969 ) was an Australian inventor , photographer and aviation and photography pioneer , responsible for developing and promoting an early colour film process , and largely responsible for the development of photographic reconnaissance before and during the Second World War .
Frank Barson ( 10 April 1891 -- 13 September 1968 ) was an English footballer from Grimesthorpe who played for several English football clubs including Barnsley , Manchester United , Aston Villa and Watford .
Herbert Brereton Baker , CBE , FRS ( 25 June 1862 -- 27 April 1935 ) was a British inorganic chemist .
Auguste Dreyfus ( 28 June 1827 -- 25 May 1897 ) was a French businessman who made his fortune by financing the Peruvian trade in guano .
Theophilus Philip ( 23 March 1926 -- 24 December 1960 ) , better known as Mighty Spoiler , was a Trinidadian calypsonian .
George Cholmondeley , 2nd Earl of Cholmondeley , PC , FRS ( 1666 -- 7 May 1733 ) , styled The Honourable from birth until 1715 and then known as Lord Newborough to 1725 , was an English soldier .
Nahum Tate ( /ˈneɪ.əm ˈteɪt/ NAY - əm TAYT ; 1652 -- 30 July 1715 ) was an Irish poet , hymnist and lyricist , who became England 's poet laureate in 1692 .
Simon Rozgonyi ( died March 1414 ) was a Hungarian nobleman and judge royal , who supported Ladislaus of Naples against Sigismund , Holy Roman Emperor .
Johann Gottlieb Goldberg ( before 14 March 1727 -- 13 April 1756 ) , also known as Johann Gollberg or Johann Goltberg , was a German virtuoso harpsichordist , organist , and composer of the late Baroque and early Classical period .
Nikolaus Krell ( c. 1551 -- 9 October 1601 ) , chancellor of the elector of Saxony , was born at Leipzig , and educated at the university of his native town .
Antonio Castriani ( surname also given as Crastini ) ( c.1460 -- August 11 , 1510 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop .
Mutlu Çerkez ( 17 September 1964 -- 10 December 2005 ) was a British - born Australian - Turkish Cypriot conceptual artist .
Sir Richard Young , 1st Baronet ( died 1651 ) was an English courtier and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1624 .
Andrea Mocenigo ( after 1471 -- 1542 ) , son of Lunardo , was a Venetian senator of the republic and a historian and in 1495 Protonotary apostolic .
Ali Dost Khan , often referred to as Dost Ali Khan , was the Mughal Empire 's Nawab of the Carnatic from 1732 to 1740 .
Anita Gregory ( née Kohsen , 9 June 1925 to 7 November 1984 ) was a German - born British psychologist and parapsychologist .
Texas artist Royston Nave ( 1886 - -1931 ) is the namesake of the Nave Museum , an art museum in Victoria , Texas .
Albert Bartha de Nagyborosnyó ( 12 August 1877 - 2 December 1960 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician , who served as Minister of Defence twice : in 1918 and , almost thirty years later , between 1946 and 1947 .
Dr Annie McCall L.R.Q.C.P. ( Ireland ) and L.M. , MD Berne ( 23 September 1859 -- 1949 ) was one of the first women to qualify as a doctor and was a significant contributor to the modern practice of midwifery .
A. Vaidyanatha Iyer ( 1890 - 1955 ) , also known as Madurai Vaidyanatha Iyer or Ayyar was an Indian activist , politician and freedom - fighter who spearheaded the temple entry movement in Madras Presidency in 1939 .
Edward Robert Armstrong ( 1876 - -1955 ) was a Canadian born engineer and inventor who in 1927 proposed a series of `` seadrome '' floating airport platforms for airplanes to land on and refuel for transatlantic flights .
Alexis Tendil ( 12 August 1896 , Le Teil , Ardèche -- 5 October 2005 ) was , at age 109 , one of the last few surviving French veterans of the First World War .
Sir William Rough ( c.1772 - -1838 ) was an English lawyer , judge and poet .
Saint Eanswith ( Old English : Ēanswīþ ; born c. 614 , Kent , England . Died c. 640 , Folkestone , England ) , also spelled Eanswythe or Eanswide , was an Anglo Saxon princess .
Henry John Horstman Fenton ( 18 February 1854 -- 13 January 1929 ) was a British chemist who , in the 1890s invented Fenton 's reagent , a solution of hydrogen peroxide and an iron catalyst that is used to oxidize contaminants or waste waters .
Charles Howard Curran ( 20 March 1894 at Orillia in Ontario - 23 January 1972 in Leesburg in Florida ) was a Canadian entomologist who specialised in Diptera .
Professor Eugene Byron Smalley ( 1926 - -2002 ) was an American plant pathologist .
Ugo Tognazzi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈuːɡo toɲˈɲattsi ) ; 23 March 1922 -- 27 October 1990 ) was an Italian film , TV , and theatre actor , director , and screenwriter .
Hendrik Adamson ( 6 October ( O.S. 24 September ) 1891 -- 7 March 1946 ) was an Estonian poet and teacher .
Ivor Watts ( 28 December 1924 -- 19 March 2006 ) was a Welsh postman , and professional rugby league footballer for Hull from 1945 - -1960 and also represented Cumberland from 1952 - -1953 .
Nissim Ezekiel ( 16 December 1924 -- 9 January 2004 ) was an Indian Jewish poet , actor , playwright , editor and art - critic .
Dr. Ivy Williams ( 7 September 1877 -- 18 February 1966 ) was the first woman to be called to the English bar in 1922 .
Miroslav Šalom Freiberger ( Hebrew : שלום פרייברגר‎ ; January 9 , 1903 Zagreb , Croatia -- c. May 8 , 1943 Auschwitz ) was chief rabbi of Zagreb , catechist , translator , writer and spiritual leader .
George Mackaness ( 1882 - 1968 ) , born in Sydney , was a distinguished Australian educator , historian and bibliophile .
Robert Venables Vernon Harcourt ( 7 May 1878 -- 8 September 1962 ) was a British diplomat , playwright , farmer and Liberal Party politician .
James Grand ( 8 March 1857 -- 7 November 1921 ) was a Canadian businessman who founded the stationery store Grand & Toy with his brother - in - law , Samuel Martin Toy , in 1883 .
Bedros Magakyan ( 1826 - -1891 ) , was an Ottoman - Armenian actor and theater director .
Agnes Miller Parker ( 1895 - -1980 ) was an engraver and illustrator .
Sergius Gamerius ( or Sarkis al - Gamri , born in 1610 in Ehden , Lebanon - died in 1668 in Marseille , France ) was an Arabist and Maronite bishop .
Cornelis Johannes van Houten ( February 18 , 1920 -- 24 August 2002 ) was a Dutch astronomer , sometimes referred to as Kees van Houten .
Shiu - Ying Hu , BBS ( 1910 -- 22 May 2012 ) was a Chinese botanist .
Agnes Catherine Maitland ( 1850 - -1906 ) was principal of Somerville College , Oxford .
William Keith , 4th Earl Marischal ( died 7 October 1581 ) was a Scottish nobleman and politician .
John Coombs ( 1 February 1922 -- 3 August 2013 ) was a British racing driver and racing team owner .
Tuluva Narasa Nayaka a Nadava Chieftain ( died 1503 ) was Vijayanagar commander as his father Tuluva Ishvara Nayaka .
Viggo Widerøe ( 13 August 1904 -- 8 January 2002 ) was a Norwegian aviator and entrepreneur .
Hendrick Sorgh ( baptized 6 November 1666-buried 23 January 1720 ) was a broker and art collector in Amsterdam .
Jim Dorgan ( 26 November 1930 -- 30 January 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the VFL during the 1950s .
Brian Duppa ( also spelled Bryan ; 10 March 1589 -- 26 March 1662 ) was an English bishop , chaplain to the royal family , Royalist and adviser to Charles I of England .
Luíz Cruls or Luís Cruls or Louis Ferdinand Cruls ( 21 January 1848 -- 21 June 1908 ) was a Belgian - born Brazilian astronomer and geodesist .
Angelita Helena Margarita de Silva Ferro , Lady Martin - Harvey ( 28 August 1865 -- 29 March 1949 ) was an English actress better known by her stage name Miss N. de Silva or Nell de Silva .
Peter Beverley ( 1668 - -1728 ) was a Speaker of the House of Burgesses and Treasurer of Virginia .
Kunigunde of Eisenberg ( also known as Kunne ; c. 1245 -- before 31 May 1286 ) , was a German noblewoman and the second wife of Landgrave Albert II of Thuringia .
Alwyn MacArchill never appears in records with a title of earl ; and that he does not appear in records after the year 1155 , yet Alwyn I first appears in record in 1193 .
Matthew Maty ( 1718 - -1776 ) , originally Matthieu Maty , was a Dutch physician and writer of Huguenot background , and after migration to England secretary of the Royal Society and the second principal librarian of the British Museum .
Tanneke Sconyncx ( 1560 -- 2 June 1603 ) was an alleged Flemish witch from Gottem in Flanders .
Sir Gilbert Elliot , 1st Baronet , of Minto ( c. 1650 -- 1 May 1718 ) was a Scottish writer , lawyer , politician and judge from Minto in the Scottish Borders .
Rabbi Natan David Rabinowitz ( 1814-Szydłowiec , 1865 ) , the son of Rabbi Yerachmiel of Przysucha , was a Polish rabbi who established a local Hasidic court .
Ivar Formo ( 24 June 1951 -- 26 December 2006 ) was a Norwegian cross - country skier who competed during the 1970s .
Sir Thomas Vesey , 1st Baronet ( 1668?--1730 ) , was an Irish clergyman .
William Rice Mulliner ( 11 June 1834 -- 25 July 1863 ) was a British officer who was the acting governor of the Lagos Colony in 1863 .
Ernest Cable , 1st Baron Cable ( 1 December 1859 -- 28 March 1927 ) was an Indian - born British merchant and financier .
Rebekah Gibbs ( 17 March 1973 -- 11 November 2014 ) was an English television and musical theatre actress .
Arthur Henry Cheatle CBE ( 4 December 1866 -- 11 May 1929 ) was an English surgeon who made important contributions to understanding of the anatomy and diseases of the mastoid region .
Alexander Dimitry ( 1805 - 1883 ) was an American diplomat , linguist and scholar .
Janusz Tyszkiewicz Łohojski of Leliwa ( lit . Janusz Tyszkiewicz of Łohojsk ; 1590 - -1649 ) was a magnate and politician of the Polish--
William George Ainslie MP JP ( 9 January 1832 -- 10 February 1893 ) was a British Conservative politician , magistrate , ironmaster and stockbroker .
Patricio Peralta Ramos ( May 17 , 1814 -- April 25 , 1887 ) was an Argentine businessman and landowner prominent in the foundation of the seaside city of Mar del Plata .
Jerry Pacht ( ca . 1922 -- April 3 , 1997 ) was a California Superior Court judge who proclaimed himself a `` liberal '' and an `` activist '' and was known for dismissing a charge of public drunkenness against a defendant , ruling that alcoholism was a disease and not a crime .
Captain Ramón Arnaud Vignon ( 1877 - -1916 ) was an officer in the Mexican Army and the last Mexican governor of Clipperton Island .
John Montgomery Traherne ( 5 October 1788 -- 5 February 1860 ) , FRS , FSA , FGS , FLS , was a Welsh Anglican priest , antiquarian , magistrate and Deputy Lieutenant of County of Glamorgan .
Frederick Francis I , Grand Duke of Mecklenburg - Schwerin ( 10 December 1756 -- 1 February 1837 ) ruled over the German state of Mecklenburg - Schwerin , first as Duke ( 1785 - -1815 ) , and then as Grand Duke ( 1815 - -1837 ) .
Samuel Beazley ( 1786 - -1851 ) was an English architect , novelist and playwright .
Thomas Wenman , 2nd Viscount Wenman ( 1596 -- 25 January 1665 ) , was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1660 .
Richard Lemon Lander ( 8 February 1804 -- 6 February 1834 ) was a Cornish explorer of western Africa .
Simon Geller ( 1919/1920 - 1995 ) was an American classical music station radio personality who ran a one - man radio station in Gloucester , Massachusetts .
Dr Arthur Thomas Myers ( 16 April 1851 -- 10 January 1894 ) was a British physician and sportsman .
Avis Bunnage ( 22 April 1923 , Ardwick , Manchester , Lancashire -- 4 October 1990 , Thorpe Bay , Southend - on - Sea , Essex ) was an English actress of film , stage and television .
Frans Langhemans ( Mechelen , 1661 - 1720 ) was a sculptor from Mechelen
Adolf Martin Pleischl ( born 10 October 1787 , in Hossenreith , Bohemia ; died 31 July 1867 , in Dorf an der Enns ) was a chemist and medical doctor .
Oddbjørn Hagen ( 3 February 1908 , Ytre Rendal , Hedmark -- 25 June 1983 ) was a Norwegian skier who competed in nordic combined and cross - country skiing .
Dionysius Ó Mórdha , Bishop of Clonfert , died 1534 .
Magnus Heinason ( or Mogens Heinesøn ) ( 1548 -- 18 January 1589 ) was a Faroese naval hero , trader and privateer .
Blessed Franz Jägerstätter , O.F.S. , ( in English also spelt Jaegerstaetter ) ( 20 May 1907 - 9 August 1943 ) ( born as Franz Huber ) was an Austrian conscientious objector during World War II . Jägerstätter was sentenced to death and executed .
Daniel Showalter ( 1830 - -1866 ) , was California miner , state legislator , duelist , secessionist , soldier for the Confederate States of America in Texas .
Alexander Seton , 1st Earl of Dunfermline ( 1555 - -1622 ) was a Scottish lawyer , judge and politician .
Thomas Badger ( 1792 - -1868 ) was an artist in Boston , Massachusetts , in the 19th - century .
James Andrew Seddon ( 7 May 1868 -- 31 May 1939 ) was a British trades unionist and politician .
Tadeusz Gosiewski ( 1900 - -1969 ) was a Polish noble szlachcic .
Amy Marie Charles ( December 12 , 1922 -- 1985 ) was professor of English literature at The University of North Carolina at Greensboro and a scholar of the seventeenth - century English poet George Herbert .
William Balfour Baikie ( 21 August 1824 -- 30 November 1864 ) was a Scottish explorer , naturalist and philologist .
Olga Syahputra ( born Yoga Syahputra ; 8 February 1983 -- 27 March 2015 ) was an Indonesian actor , comedian , singer , and television presenter .
David FitzGerald ( sometimes David Fitz Gerald or David fitz Gerald ; c. 1106 -- 8 May 1176 ) was a medieval Bishop of St David 's in Wales .
Liang Xing ( died 212 ) was a general from Liang Province ( 涼州 ; covering present - day Gansu ) during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Sir Clipsby Crewe ( 1599 - June 1648 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1624 to 1626 .
Camilo Cienfuegos Gorriarán ( Spanish : ( kaˈmilo sjemˈfweɣoz ɣorjaˈɾan ) ; 6 February 1932 -- 28 October 1959 ) was a Cuban revolutionary born in Havana .
Alexander Gault MacGowan ( 7 February 1894 -- 30 November 1970 ) was a leading war correspondent during World War II . Born to Scottish parents in Manchester , England , he was educated at Manchester Grammar School .
Gao Bing ( 高棅 , 1350 to 1423 ) flourished during the newly established Ming Dynasty ( 1368 - -1644 ) as an author and poetry theorist .
Johannes Aanderaa ( 6 November 1927 -- 2 June 1991 ) was a Norwegian librarian , theatre critic , publisher and civil servant .
Sir William Derek Pattinson ( 31 March 1930 -- 10 October 2006 ) was Secretary - General of the General Synod of the Church of England from 1972 until 1990 .
Joseph Whipple , III ( 3 July 1725 - 1761 ) was a merchant in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , and a Deputy Governor of the colony .
Martin Mehkek ( 7 August 1936 ; Novačka -- 1 July 2014 ; Koprivnica ) was a Croatian painter .
Wilson Earnshaw ( 20 September 1867 -- 24 November 1941 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1893 and 1896 .
Fabio Albarelli ( 26 June 1943 -- 4 October 1995 ) was an Italian competitive sailor .
Georgios Panou ( Greek : Γεώργιος Πάνου , 1770 -- 1 June 1863 ) was a Greek ship - owner , member of the Filiki Eteria , fighter and politician of the Greek War of Independence from Spetses .
Edgar Viies ( 12 January 1931 , Simititsa , Leningrad Oblast - 20 September 2006 ) was an Estonian sculptor .
Anders Rambech ( 2 September 1767 -- 14 September 1836 ) was a Norwegian district stipendiary magistrate and politician .
Giuseppe Bernardo Lecchi ( b. Felizzano 20 August 1895 - - d. Genoa 24 August 1967 ) was an Italian violin maker .
Muin Musavvir ( Persian : معین مصور‎ ) ( 1638 - -1697 ) was an Iranian painter .
Paul Heider ( 21 June 1868 -- 25 January 1936 ) was the 60 Grand Master of the Teutonic Order from 1933 to 1936 .
Rhoda Coffin , ( 1826 - -1909 ) , was a Quaker reformer .
Bernardo O'Connor y Ophaly , Spanish - Irish General , ( Strasbourg , 1696 - -1780 ) .
Alexander Minto Hughes ( 2 May 1945 -- 13 March 1998 ) , better known as Judge Dread , was an English reggae and ska musician .
Arthur Storer ( c. 1648 -- 1686 ) was America 's first colonial astronomer .
Andrew , Duke of Slavonia ( Hungarian : András szlavóniai herceg ; 1268 -- 1278 ) was the youngest son of King Stephen V of Hungary and his wife , Elizabeth the Cuman .
Raoul Hafner , ( 1905 - -1980 ) FEng , FRAes , was an Austrian - born British helicopter pioneer and engineer .
Mathias James O'Conway , aka Maitias O Conmhai ( 3 February 1766 -- 28 November 1842 ) was a linguist and lexicographer .
John Brislin ( May 12 , 1838- March 27 , 1907 ) was an American inventor who invented moveable rolling tables used for rolling large steel beams .
Edward Alexander Newell Arber ( 5 August 1870 , London - 14 June 1918 , Cambridge ) was an English botanist and paleontologist .
Sir John Beals Chandler ( 21 February 1887 -- 19 January 1962 ) was the Lord Mayor of Brisbane from 1940 to 1952 , and the Member for the Legislative Assembly of Queensland district of Hamilton from 1943 to 1947 .
Sir Adeyemo Alakija , KBE ( 25 May 1884 -- 1952 ) was a Nigerian lawyer , politician and businessman .
Terence Soall ( 22 March 1920 - 10 August 2006 ) was an English actor who appeared in numerous television productions over a 50-year period and in over 100 films .
Gideon Hausner ( Hebrew : גדעון האוזנר‎ , 26 September 1915 -- 15 November 1990 ) was an Israeli jurist and politician .
Annie Porter , married name Fantham ( 1880 - -8 May 1963 ) was an English zoologist and Honorary Parasitologist to the Zoological Society of London .
Karl Brandner ( 1898 - -1961 ) was born in Oak Park , Illinois and trained as an artist at the Art Institute of Chicago and the Chicago Fine Art Academy , Brander is best remembered as a regional artist who worked primarily in landscapes .
Lynn Caine ( 1924 - -1987 ) was an American author and publishing agent at Little , Brown and Company from 1967 to 1976 .
Franjo Kluz ( 19 September 1913 -- 14 September 1944 ) was a Yugoslav pilot from Bosnia and a People 's Hero of Yugoslavia .
Weng Tonghe ( Chinese : 翁同龢 ; pinyin : Wēng Tónghé ; Wade -- Giles : Weng T'ung - ho ; 1830 - -1904 ) , courtesy name Shuping ( 叔平 ) , was a Chinese Confucian scholar and imperial tutor who lived in the Qing dynasty .
Thomas Archer Hirst FRS ( 22 April 1830 -- 16 February 1892 ) was a 19th - century mathematician , specialising in geometry .
Mark Fredriksen ( 18 November 1936 -- 25 August 2011 ) was a French extreme right figure and the founder , in 1966 , of the neo - Nazi Fédération d'action nationaliste et européenne .
Archduke Joseph Ferdinand of Austria ( 24 May 1872 -- 28 August 1942 ) was an Austro - Hungarian Archduke and the titular Grand Duke of Tuscany from 17 January 1908 to 2 May 1921 , military commander , from 1916 Generaloberst , and early advocate of air power .
Roy Kellino ( 22 April 22 , 1912 -- 18 November 1956 ) was an English film director , producer and cinematographer .
Rolando Arcadio Masferrer Rojas ( 1918 - -1975 ) , born in Holguín , July 12 , 1918 , in former Oriente Province , better known simply as Rolando Masferrer , was a Cuban guerrilla leader , lawyer , congressman , newspaper publisher , member of the Cuban Communist Party and political activist .
Thomas Graham Howarth ( 15 February 1916 -- 8 April 2015 ) was an English entomologist of the National History Museum and Royal Army Medical Corps who spent three years as a Japanese prisoner during the Second World War , first at Changi and then at Jinsen in Korea .
Tomás Ó Dubhghaill ( ( ˈt̪ˠʊmˠaːsˠoːˈd̪ˠʊwəlʲ ) , born Thomas ( Tom ) Doyle ; 1917 -- 12 March 1962 ) was President of Sinn Féin from 1952 to 1954 and a Sinn Féin vice - president until his death .
Sir Gilbert Heathcote , 1st Baronet ( 2 January 1652 -- 25 January 1733 ) , was a Governor of the Bank of England and Lord Mayor of London in the early 18th Century .
Francis Samuel Williamson ( 18 January 1865 -- 6 February 1936 ) was an Australian poet who was published under the name Frank S. Williamson .
Professor Harold J. Grimm ( 1901 -- 1983 ) was an academic , historian and writer and an expert on the Reformation .
Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo ( c. 1837 -- May 27 , 1914 ) was an American heiress known for commissioning the Rhinelander Mansion located in Manhattan at 867 Madison Avenue on the south - east corner of 72nd Street , designed in the 1890s by Kimball & Thompson and completed in 1898 .
Frederick Foster Gough ( bapt . 7 February 1825 ; died 1 June 1889 ) was a Protestant Christian missionary who served with the Church Missionary Society during the late Qing Dynasty in China .
Eugene B. Van Camp ( March 31 , 1838 - June , 1904 ) was an espionage agent for the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War , assisting his father Dr. Aaron A. Van Camp in his spying activities .
Peter Benoit ( 17 August 1834 -- 8 March 1901 ) , was a Flemish composer of Belgian nationality .
Admiral George Vandeput ( Died 14 March 1800 ) was an English naval officer , the illegitimate son of Sir George Vandeput , 2nd Baronet ( c.1717 -- 17 June 1784 ) and an unknown mother .
Eagle of Delight , also called Hayne Hudjihini in Chiwere ( b. c. 1795 - d. 1822 ) , was one of the five wives of Chief Shaumonekusse of the Otoe tribe in the first quarter of the 19th century .
Basilio Repilado ( 4 March 1944 in Havana -- 4 December 2012 in Havana ) was a Cuban musician .
George Brodrick , 4th Viscount Midleton ( 1 November 1754 -- 12 August 1836 ) was a British nobleman .
Ymer Prizreni ( 1826−1887 ) was an Albanian political leader in the 19th century .
Bchira Ben Mrad ( بشيرة بن مراد ; 1993 - -1913 ) was a Tunisian women 's rights activist .
Antonio Benítez Fernández ( 2 June 1951 -- 19 February 2014 ) was a Spanish footballer who played as a left back .
Henri Grasso ( 1864 - -1944 ) was the son of Willem Grasso , founder of Grasso 's Royal Machine Factories Ltd. Henri was born to step in his father 's shoes .
Spencer Compton , 2nd Earl of Northampton ( May 1601 -- 19 March 1643 ) , styled Lord Compton from 1618 to 1630 , was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622 .
Hans Krumminga ( 6 May 1920 − 28 November 1943 ) was killed on 6 November 1943 , when straffed on take - off by 15 IAP Yakovlev Yak-1s led by Kpt Leontiy .
Noah Mann junior ( 1783 at Northchapel , Sussex -- 1825 in London ) was an English professional cricketer .
Franciszek Fesser ( born 16 August 1885 in Rogi , died 23 October 1956 in Piotrowice ( Katowice ) , was a Polish miner , union activist , Upper Silesian politician , insurgent , and deputy of the Silesian Parliament from 1930 - 1939 .
Aurore von Haxthausen ( Gustava Charlotta Märta Aurora : 1830 in Daretorp in Västergötland -- 7 February 1888 in Stockholm ) , known also by her artist pseudonym as Klara Kuhlman , was a Swedish author , composer , pianist and lady in waiting .
Paul Scriptoris ( c. 1460 -- October 21 , 1505 ) was a German Franciscan mathematician , Scotist , and professor at the University of Tübingen .
Diego Caballero ( died 1560 ) was a Spanish merchant and minor Conquistador in the Caribbean area and in the islands off the coast of Venezuela .
The Belgian born Émile Fernand - Dubois ( 1869 - -1952 ) was a sculptor and medallist .
Gao Kaidao ( 高開道 ) ( died 624 ) , at one point known as Li Kaidao ( 李開道 ) , was an agrarian rebel leader who rose against Sui Dynasty rule at the end of Emperor Yang 's reign .
Geirmund the Noisy ( died c. 978 ) was a Viking adventurer of the 10th century .
Ernest Frederick , Duke of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld ( Saalfeld , 8 March 1724 -- Coburg , 8 September 1800 ) , was a Duke of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld .
Ahtahkakoop ( Cree : Atāhkakohp , `` Starblanket'')(c . 1816 - -1896 ) was a Chief of the House Cree ( Wāskahikaniwiyiniwak ) division of the Plains Cree , who led his people through the difficult transition from hunter and warrior to farmer , and from traditional indigenous spiritualism to Christianity during the last third of the 19th century .
Ruaidri Ó Cellaigh ( died 1339 ) was King of Uí Maine and Chief of the Name .
Frank Broeze ( 18 August 1945 -- 4 April 2001 ) was a Professor of History at the University of Western Australia .
Mathilda Grabow ( 23 May 1852 -- 29 May 1940 ) , was a Swedish opera singer ( soprano ) .
Archie Skym ( 12 July 1906 -- 15 June 1970 ) was an international rugby union player for Wales and played club rugby for Llanelli and Cardiff .
Sebastian Aguilera de Heredia ( August 1561 -- 16 December 1627 ) was a Spanish monk , musician and composer .
John Swinfen ( 19 March 1613 -- 12 April 1694 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1645 and 1691 .
Jon Finch ( 2 March 1942 -- 28 December 2012 ) was an English actor who performed in many Shakespearean plays on stage , and made many films .
Edward Renz ( October 14 , 1891 -- March 1976 ) was an American racewalker .
James Clemens ( fl . 1750 - 1775 ) was a Liverpool , England merchant and shipowner , and Lord Mayor of Liverpool .
Pieter Groenhart ( February 21 , 1894 -- November 3 , 1965 ) was a Dutch lichenologist known for his research into tropical Asian lichens .
Jules White ( born Julius Weiss ) ( 17 September 1900 -- 30 April 1985 ) was a Hungarian - born American film director and producer best known for his short - subject comedies starring The Three Stooges .
Helmut Niedermeyer ( 28 February 1926 -- 3 February 2014 ) was an Austrian businessman and entrepreneur .
Robert Archibald Armstrong , LL.D. ( 1788 - -1867 ) , was a Gaelic lexicographer .
Walter Hough , Ph.D. ( 1859 - -1935 ) was an American ethnologist .
Ram Gopal Vijayvargiya ( 1905 -- 2003 ) was an Indian painter .
Herbert George Flaxman Spurrell ( 20 June 1877 -- 8 November 1918 ) , the biologist , physician and author , was the only son of the architect Herbert Spurrell and Harriet Rebecca Blaxland .
Burton Edward Livingston ( 1875 -- 1948 ) was an American plant physiologist , born at Grand Rapids , Michigan .
József Kürschák ( 14 March 1864 -- 26 March 1933 ) was a Hungarian mathematician noted for his work on trigonometry and for his creation of the theory of valuations .
Stephen III Báthory ( Hungarian : Báthory István ) ( died 11 November 1444 , Varna ) was a Hungarian nobleman and commander .
Edward C. Boyle ( died 1981 ) was the Allegheny County District Attorney in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania from January 3 , 1956 until January 6 , 1964 .
Francis Edwardes ( died 15 December 1725 ) was a British Member of Parliament .
Kusaka Genzui ( 久坂 玄瑞 , 1840 -- 20 August 1864 ) was a samurai of the Japanese domain of Chōshū who was active during the Bakumatsu period and a key proponent of the sonnō jōi movement .
Antonio Siddi ( 16 June 1923 -- 21 January 1983 ) was an Italian athlete , who mainly competed in the 100 metres .
Khetcho ( Armenian : Խէչո ; 1872 -- July 1915 ) was a renowned Armenian activist and combatant .
The Moroccan Younis Mohammad Ibrahim al - Hayyari ( 1969 - -2005 ) was # 1 on Saudi Arabia 's list of 36 `` most wanted terrorist suspects '' published on 28 June 2005 .
Henri Christophe ( French pronunciation : ​(ɑ̃ʁi kʁistɔf ) ; 6 October 1767 -- 8 October 1820 ; used the anglicized version of Henry Christopher ) was a former slave of Bambara ethnicity , and key leader in the Haitian Revolution , which succeeded in gaining independence from France in 1804 .
Ellis Stones ( Ellis Andrew Stones , October 1 , 1895 -- April 9 , 1975 ) , was a constructor of private and public gardens -- many displaying naturalistic rockwork -- and a conservationist whose work and ideas profoundly influenced approaches to public landscaping in Australia .
Paul Curry ( 1917 - -1986 ) was the vice - president of the Blue Cross Insurance Company of New York , and a famous amateur magician who became well known in the magic community for inventing highly - original card magic .
Maria Flechtenmacher ( born Maria Mavrodin ; 1838 - -1888 ) was a Romanian writer , publicist and pedagogue , married to composer Alexandru Flechtenmacher .
Flavia Maxima Constantia ( 361/362 -- 383 ) was the first Empress consort of Gratian of the Western Roman Empire .
Mary Alment ( 9 April 1834 -- 11 April 1908 ) was a Northern Irish landscape and portrait artist .
Hannes Schmidhauser ( 9 September 1926 -- 29 January 2000 ) was a Swiss actor and footballer .
Wilhelm Schneemelcher ( Berlin 21 August 1914 -- 6 August 2003 in Bad Honnef ) was a German Protestant theologian and expert on the New Testament Apocrypha .
Govinda IV ( 930 - -935 CE ) was the younger brother of Amoghavarsha II . He became the Rashtrakuta emperor in 930 as described in the Kalasa record of Chikmagalur .
Emilio Polli ( 1901 - -1983 ) was an Italian swimmer .
Louis the Stammerer ( French : Louis le Bègue ) ( 1 November 846 -- 10 April 879 ) was the King of Aquitaine and later King of West Francia .
Zbigniew Firlej ( c. 1613 - -1649 ) , of Lewart coat of arms , was a noble of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Dennis deLeon ( 16 July 1948 -- 14 December 2009 ) was an American human rights lawyer , HIV / AIDS activist and Latino community leader .
King Daemusin of Goguryeo ( 4 - 44 , r. 18 - 44 ) was the third ruler of Goguryeo , the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
William Archer Porter ( c. 1825 - d. 16 July 1890 ) was a British lawyer and educationist who served as the Principal of Government Arts College , Kumbakonam and tutor and secretary to the Maharaja of Mysore .
Sir George Webbe Dasent ( 1817 - -1896 ) was a translator of folk tales and contributor to The Times .
Basil Hall Chamberlain ( 18 October 1850 -- 15 February 1935 ) was a professor of Japanese at Tokyo Imperial University and one of the foremost British Japanologists active in Japan during the late 19th century .
Domhnall Caomhánach ( Domhnall mac Murchada or Domhnall Caomhánach mac Murchada , anglicized as Donal Kavanagh ) is the ancestor of the Caomhánach line of the Uí Ceinnselaig dynasty and was King of Leinster from 1171 to 1175 .
Małgorzata Szewczyk ( 1828 - -1905 ) , a Polish nun , founded the Congregation of the Daughters of the Sorrowful Mother of God --
Bartolomé González de Villaverde ( 1512 - -1589 ) was an Spanish notary and conquistador .
Jan van Hulst ( 18 December 1903 -- 1 August 1975 , Amersfoort ) was an engineer who was active in the Dutch resistance during the Second World War .
Louise af Forselles ( 1850 - 1934 ) , was a Finnish philanthropist .
René Labusquiere ( 26 September 1919 -- 22 September 1977 ) was a French doctor who pioneered and led the implementation of preventive medicine to combat tropical diseases in Central and West Africa .
Jonathan Samuel ( 28 February 1853 -- 22 February 1917 ) was a British manufacturer and Liberal Party politician .
Diego López I de Haro ( died 1124×6 ) was the third Lord of Biscay , and also the ruler of Álava , Buradón , Grañón , Nájera , Haro , and perhaps Guipúzcoa : the most powerful Castilian magnate in the Basque Country and the Rioja during the first quarter of the twelfth century .
Vincent Nolan ( baptised Matthew J.V. Nolan ) , Garda Síochána and recipient of the Scott Medal , 27 August 1936 -- 25 January 1980 .
Colonel Douglas Clifton Brown , 1st Viscount Ruffside PC , DL , JP ( 16 August 1879 -- 5 May 1958 ) was a British politician .
Candace Wheeler ( 1827 - -1923 ) , often credited as the `` mother '' of interior design , was one of America 's first woman interior and textile designers .
Henry Bynneman 's career as a printer lasted from 1566 , when he became free of the Stationers ' Company , until 1583 .
Wally Fielding ( 26 November 1919 -- 18 January 2008 ) was a professional footballer from 1945 until 1960 .
Ibn al - Arif ( nickname ) or Abul Abbas Ahmad Ibn Mohammed Ibn Musa Ibn Ata Allah al - Mariyyi al - Sanhaji , also known as Al - Urruf ( born July 23 , 1088 in Almeria and died 1141 in Ceuta ) was a famous Andalusian Sufi .
Fergus mac Colmáin ( died 618 ) was a King of Uisnech in Mide , Ireland , of the Clann Cholmáin .
Jane Scott , Duchess of Buccleuch and Queensberry , née McNeill ( 19 December 1929 -- 18 April 2011 ) , was a fashion model for Norman Hartnell before marrying John Scott , Earl of Dalkeith , the future 9th Duke of Buccleuch and 11th Duke of Queensberry .
Anatoly Kaigorodov ( 1878 - 1945 ) was a Russian painter , .
James Edward Davis ( 1817 - 1887 ) was called to the bar at the Middle Temple in 1842 , was stipendiary magistrate at Stoke upon Trent from 1864 to 1870 , was police magistrate at Sheffield from 1870 to 1874 , was a friend of Leigh Hunt , and was the author of the following works :
Alioune Dramé ( born c. 1921 -- died 1 March 1977 ) was a Guinean economist and politician .
Mark Guy Pearse ( 1842 -- 1 January 1930 ) was a Cornish Methodist preacher , lecturer and author who , during the last quarter of the 19th century and the first of the 20th , was a household name throughout Britain and beyond .
Nathaniel Hooke ( died 1763 ) was an English historian .
Baburao Paranjpe ( बाबूराव परांजपे , 1922 - -1999 ) was an Indian politician .
Teresa Maxwell - Conover ( September 26 , 1884 -- September 1968 ) was an actress in Broadway productions in the early 20th century .
Aleksander Branicki ( 1821 - 1877 ) was a member of the Polish aristocratic family :
Pope Innocent XII ( Latin : Innocentius XII ; 13 March 1615 -- 27 September 1700 ) , born Antonio Pignatelli , was Pope from 12 July 1691 to his death in 1700 .
José de los Reyes Berreyesa , also spelled Berrelleza ( 6 January 1785−28 June 1846 ) , was born at Mission Santa Clara de Asís in Las Californias province of the Spanish Viceroyalty of New Spain ( colonial México ) .
' Abd Allah ibn ' Amr ibn al-'As ( died 684 CE/65 AH , the son of ' Amr ibn al-'As ) was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
John Barrard ( 1924 -- 13 October 2013 ) was a British character actor who had a career spanning five decades and who perhaps is best known for playing Dooley , Santa 's # 2 , in Santa Claus :
Hubert Dickson ( 14 July 1895 -- 1965 ) , generally known as Hugh or Hughie Dickson , was an English footballer who scored 37 goals from 402 appearances in the Football League playing for Darlington .
Hu Zhengyan ( Chinese : 胡正言 ; c. 1584 -- 1674 ) was a Chinese artist , printmaker and publisher .
Erhart Aten ( 1932 - -2004 ) was a Micronesian politician who served as the first elected Governor of Chuuk State ( then called Truk ) .
Gerald FitzGerald , 5th Duke of Leinster ( 16 August 1851 -- 1 December 1893 ) was an Irish peer .
Alexander Gilchrist ( 1828 -- 30 November 1861 ) was the biographer of William Blake .
Rear Admiral William Furlong Wise , CB ( 21 August 1784 -- 29 April 1844 ) was a British naval officer .
Ian McNaught - Davis ( 30 August 1929 -- 10 February 2014 ) was a British television presenter mainly known for presenting the BBC TV series The Computer Programme , Making the Most of the Micro and Micro Live in the 1980s .
Cheung Po Tsai ( simplified Chinese : 张保仔 ; traditional Chinese : 張保仔 ; pinyin : Zhāng Bǎozǎi ; Wade -- Giles : Chang Pao Tsai ; 1783 -- 1822 ) was a 19th - century Chinese pirate .
Karl Wilhelm von Kupffer ( 14 November 1829 -- 16 December 1902 ) was a Baltic German anatomist who discovered stellate macrophage cells that bear his name .
Fortunatus Wright ( 3 May 1712 -- 16 April 1757 ) was an English privateer .
Henri Verbrugghen ( 1 August 1873 -- 12 November 1934 ) was a Belgian musician , who directed orchestras in England , Scotland , Australia and the United States .
André Aliker ( Roches - Carrées , Lamentin , 10 February 1894 - 10 , 11 or 12 January 1934 ) was a militant Martiniquais communist journalist who was abducted and murdered .
Alexander Lorne Campbell ( 1871 - -1944 ) was a Scottish architect , who practised across Scotland .
Sextus Julius Africanus ( c. 160 -- c. 240 ) was a Christian traveller and historian of the late 2nd and early 3rd century AD .
Peter Pratt ( 21 March 1923 -- 11 January 1995 ) was an English actor and singer who is best remembered for his comic roles in the Gilbert and Sullivan comic operas .
Francesco Agello ( 27 December 1902 -- 24 November 1942 ) was an Italian test pilot .
Nils Kjær ( 11 September 1870 -- 9 February 1924 ) was a Norwegian playwright , short story writer , essayist , literary critic and theatre critic .
Denis McLoughlin ( 15 April 1918 -- 22 April 2002 ) was a well - known British illustrator .
Henry Edward Watts ( 1826 - -1904 ) was a British journalist and author on Spanish topics .
Francis Holcroft ( 1629?--1693 ) was an English ejected minister .
Clark Eldridge ( 1896 - -1990 ) was one of the engineers who designed the first Tacoma Narrows Bridge .
Honor Frost ( 28 October 1917 -- 12 September 2010 ) was a pioneer in the field of underwater archaeology , who led many mediterranean archaeological investigations , especially in the Lebanon , and was noted for her typology of stone anchors and skills in archaeological illustration .
Professor Li Huatian ( 1922 - -2007 ) was one of the first few computer scientists in China and was well known for his early contributions to the areas of computer science and computer networks .
On 31 October 2006 Mother Irini died .
Leo Fall ( 2 February 1873 -- 16 September 1925 ) was an Austrian composer of operettas .
Cathal Cú - cen - máthair mac Cathaíl ( died 665 ) , often known as Cú - cen - máthair , was an Irish King of Munster from around 661 until his death .
Samuel Gale ( 1682 - -1754 ) was an English antiquary , a founder of the Society of Antiquaries of London .
Domenico Salvatori ( 27 September 1855 - 11 December 1909 ) along with Alessandro Moreschi , Domenico Mustafà and Giovanni Cesari , was one of the famous castrati singers of the late 19th century .
Nathaniel Foy , D.D. ( died 1707 ) , was an Irish religious figure .
Walter Stevens ( 1877 - 1939 ? ) was a freelance enforcer and `` hitman , '' popularly known as , `` dean of the Chicago gunmen , '' during Prohibition .
Adrien Ries ( 14 July 1933 -- 10 October 1991 ) was a Luxembourgian economist .
Norman Hackforth ( 20 December 1908 -- 14 December 1996 ) was a British musician and radio broadcaster , who worked as accompanist to Noël Coward and gained fame as the `` mystery voice '' on the BBC 's Twenty Questions radio programme .
Alfred Cheetham ( 6 May 1867 -- 22 August 1918 ) was a member of several Antarctic expeditions .
Maurice Bevan ( 10 March 1921 - -20 June 2006 ) was a British bass - baritone and composer , who sang with The Deller Consort ( founded by Alfred Deller on 1948 ) , St Paul 's Cathedral in London , and the BBC .
Peter van der Bosch ( 19 October 1686 , Brussels--14 November 1736 ) was a Bollandist ( Jesuit hagiographer ) .
William Herbert Higginbottom JP ( 1868 - 6 December 1929 ) was an architect based in Nottingham .
Frederick Glyn , 4th Baron Wolverton ( 24 September 1864 -- 3 October 1932 ) , was a British banker and Conservative politician .
Simon I , Count of Tecklenburg ( c. 1140 -- 8 August 1202 ) was Count of Tecklenburg from 1156 until his death .
Walter Traill Dennison ( 1825 - -1894 ) was a farmer and folklorist .
Blessed Luigi Novarese ( 29 July 1914 - 20 July 1984 ) was the co - founder ( with Sister Elvira Myriam Psorulla ) of the Apostolate of the Suffering and The Silent Workers of the Cross .
Kenji Takaki ( 10 March 1894 -- May 1984 ) was a merchant seaman and actor in both the theatre and cinema .
St. Eleutherius of Nicomedia ( died 303 ) was a soldier who was martyred under Diocletian .
Gerald O'Halloran ( 13 May 1902 -- 6 January 1950 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sarah Feigin ( 1 July 1928 - 24 April 2011 ) was a Latvian music educator and composer who lived and worked in Israel .
Hasse Ekman ( 10 September 1915 -- 15 February 2004 ) was a Swedish director , actor , writer and producer for film , stage and television .
Rai Purdy ( born Horatio John Purdy in November 1910 - May 1990 ) was a Canadian television director and producer .
Krzysztof Korwin Gosiewski de armis Ślepowron ( died 1643 ) --
Shaye Cogan ( 20 September 1923 -- 12 June 2009 ) was an American singer and film actress who appeared in several popular movies in the early 1950s .
Pratap Singh Nabha ( 21 September 1919 - 22 July 1995 ) was the last ruling Maharaja of Nabha .
Michael Cusack ( /ˈkjuːzæk/ ; Irish : Mícheál Ó Cíosóg ; 20 September 1847 -- 27 November 1906 ) was an Irish teacher and founder of the Gaelic Athletic Association .
Hammad ibn Buluggin ( died 1028 ) was the first ruler of the Hammadids in what is now Algeria ( 1014 - -1028 ) .
Richard Sault ( died 1702 ) was an English mathematician , editor and translator , one of The Athenian Society .
Solomon Etting ( 28 July 1764 -- 6 August 1847 ) was a merchant , and politician of Jewish faith in Baltimore , Maryland .
Winchell Smith ( 5 April 1871 -- 10 June 1933 ) was an American playwright , known for smash hits such as Brewster 's Millions ( 1906 ) and Lightnin ' ( 1918 ) .
C. H. Sibghatullah ( 4 November 1913 - 14 May 1985 ) was an Indian politician who served as mayor of Madras from 1951 to 1952 .
Flora Mure - Campbell , Marchioness of Hastings and 6th Countess of Loudoun ( 1780 -- 8 January 1840 ) was a British peer , second daughter of James Mure - Campbell , 5th Earl of Loudoun and Lady Flora Macleod .
James Duport ( 1606 , Cambridge -- 17 July 1679 , Peterborough ) was an English classical scholar .
Stanley Berkeley ( 1855 - -1909 ) was an English painter of animal , sporting and historical subjects , especially military scenes .
Wu Liuqi ( 1607 - -1665 ) , courtesy names Jianbo ( 鑒伯 ) and Geru ( 葛如 ) , was a general of the Qing dynasty .
Dewan Farid Gazi ( 1924 -- 19 November 2010 ) was a Bangladeshi politician born in Devpara , Nabiganj Upazila , Sylhet .
Heulhae of Silla ( r. 310 - -356 , died 356 ) , titled Heulhae Isageum , was the sixteenth ruler of the Korean kingdom of Silla .
Frederick Thomas Bidlake ( June 1867 -- 17 September 1933 ) was an English racing cyclist of the late 19th century who became one of the most notable administrators of British road bicycle racing during the early 20th century .
Risdon Archibald Beazley ( 1904 - -1979 ) was the founder of Risdon Beazley Ltd , a Marine salvage company that operated from 1926 to 1981 in Southampton , England .
John Lowin ( baptized 9 December 1576 -- buried 16 - -18 March 1659 ) was an English actor .
Christian Albert Theodor Billroth ( 26 April 1829 -- 6 February 1894 ) was a Prussian - born Austrian surgeon and amateur musician .
Jóhannes Geir Jónsson ( born 24 . June 1927 , d. 29 . June 2003 ) was an Icelandic painter .
Allart Pieter van Jongestall , also spelled Allard Pieter van Jongestal ( 12 August 1612 in Stavoren -- 9 November 1676 in Hallum ) was a Dutch jurist and diplomat .
Richard Green Moulton was a professor , author & lawyer born in England , 1849 and died in America on 15 August 1924 .
Lawrence Kemys or Keymis ( died 1618 ) was a seaman and companion of Sir Walter Raleigh in his expeditions to Guiana in 1595 and 1617 - 18 .
Julian Nelson Frank ( 1906 - -1974 ) was a journalist , anti - communist , a special agent with U.S. Naval Intelligence , an investigator for the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee , and a bookstore owner .
Nick Origlass ( 13 January 1908 -- 17 May 1996 ) was an Australian Trotskyist who served as mayor of Leichhardt in Sydney , New South Wales .
Nikiforos Vrettakos ( Greek : Νικηφόρος Βρεττάκος ; 1 January 1912 -- 4 August 1991 ) was a Greek writer and poet .
Egil Helle ( 28 April 1923 -- 2006 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor , information worker and biographer .
Tine Debeljak ( 27 April 1903 -- 20 January 1989 ) was a Slovenian literary critic , translator , editor , and poet .
Wang Chengzong ( 王承宗 ) ( died 820 ) was a general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who served a military governor ( Jiedushi ) of Chengde Circuit ( 成德 , headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang , Hebei ) .
Alene Lee ( 1931 - -1991 ) was an African - American member of the Beat generation in New York City whose romantic relationship with Jack Kerouac was the central theme in his novel The Subterraneans .
Judit Rumy de Rum et Rábadoroszló ( 11 January 1606 -- 1663 ) was a Hungarian noblewoman , wife of Dániel Esterházy , the founder of the Csesznek branch of the House of Esterházy .
Laimbu ( Manchu : ; Möllendorff : Laimbu ; Abkai : Laimbu ; 26 January 1612 - 23 June 1646 ) was a Manchu noble of the early Qing Dynasty .
Humphrey Cavell ( by 1525 - -1558 ) , was an English politician .
Dr George Darby Haviland ( 1857 - -1901 ) was a British surgeon and naturalist .
Giuseppe Sigismondo Ala Ponzone ( 21 March 1761 - 2 May 1842 ) was an Italian collector and entomologist .
Indubala Sukhadia(1 July 1921 -- 9 May 1999 ) , wife of late Mohanlal Sukhadia , was a social and political leader of Rajasthan .
John Argentine ( died 1507 ) was an English physician who attended Edward V of England and later Arthur , Prince of Wales , and was Provost of King 's College , Cambridge .
Sir Geoffrey Summers , 1st Baronet CBE , DL , JP , CStJ ( 2 September 1891 -- 17 January 1972 ) , was a British businessman .
Saintin de Meaux ( or Saint Santin also known as Saint Sanctin , fr . Saint - Santin de Meaux , lat . Sanctinus , c. 270 - 356 , Meaux ) was a French bishop and missionary .
Uqba ibn Abu Mu'ayt ( Arabic : عقبة بن أبو معيط‎ ) ( died 624 ) was one of the principal adversaries of Islam .
Thomas Fane , 8th Earl of Westmorland ( March 1701 -- 25 November 1771 ) , MP for Lyme Regis and a lord commissioner of trade .
Allen Edward Everitt ( 1824 -- 11 June 1882 ) was an English architectural artist and illustrator .
Deacon Chiu Te - ken , JP ( Chinese : 邱德根 ; 1 May 1924 -- 17 March 2015 ) was a Hong Kong entrepreneur .
Pagolo Arsago ( died 1563 ) was a member of the Goldsmith 's Guild .
Donald Macaulay , Baron Macaulay of Bragar , QC ( 14 November 1933 -- 12 June 2014 ) was a British Labour politician and member of the House of Lords .
Dimitar Kondovski ( Macedonian : Димитар Кондовски ) ( 1927 - 1993 ) was a Macedonian painter , critic and professor .
William Samuel Jones ( May 28 , 1920 -- November 15 , 2007 ) was a Welsh language author , playwright and scriptwriter better known as W. S. Jones or Wil Sam .
Thoralf Strømstad ( 13 January 1897 -- 10 January 1984 ) was a Norwegian Nordic skier who was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 1923 .
Joseph McKenzie ( 19 March 1929 -- 5 July 2015 ) was a Scottish photographer known as the `` father of modern Scottish photography '' .
Robert Caswell ( 13 July 1946 - 29 October 2006 ) was an Australian screenwriter of films and television .
Sándor Bejczy ( 1920 - -2004 ) was a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from FKGP National List between 1990 and 1994 .
Amadeus Aba or Amade Aba ( Hungarian : Aba Amadé ; ? -- 5 September 1311 ) was a Hungarian oligarch in the Kingdom of Hungary who ruled de facto independently the northern and north - eastern counties of the kingdom ( today parts of Hungary , Slovakia and Ukraine ) .
Rinaldo degli Albizzi ( 1370 - -1442 ) was an Italian nobleman , a member of the Florentine family of the Albizzi .
Walter Franklyn Barrett ( 1873 -- 16 July 1964 ) , better known as Franklyn Barrett , was an Australian film director and cinematographer .
Sallustius Lucullus ( d. c. 89 ) was a governor of Roman Britain during the late 1st century , holding office after Gnaeus Julius Agricola although it is unclear whether he directly inherited the post or if there was another unknown governor in between .
Henry James Richter ( 1772 - -1857 ) , artist and philosopher , was born in Middlesex , possibly at 40 Great Newport Street , Soho , on 8 March 1772 and baptised at St Anne 's Church , Soho , on 5 April at that same year .
Leonhard Schiemer ( c. 1500 -- 14 January 1528 ) was an early pacifist Anabaptist writer and martyr whose work survives in the Ausbund .
Lieutenant Colonel William Gordon Perrin , OBE ( 1874 - -1931 ) was an R.A.F. and Navy officer , and the Admiralty librarian from 1908 to 1931 .
Gerhard I , Count of Holstein - Itzehoe ( 1232 -- 21 December 1290 ) was the only count of Holstein - Itzehoe .
Niccolò Gualtieri ( 9 July 1688 -- 15 February 1744 ) was an Italian doctor and malacologist .
Thomas Christian ( 1754 - -1828 ) was the translator of John Milton 's Paradise Lost into Manx , an author of Manx carols , and vicar of Marown parish , Isle of Man .
Vrindavana Dasa Thakura or Brindaban Das ( 1507 - 1589 CE ) was the author of the Chaitanya Bhagavata , the first full - length biography of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu written in the Bengali language .
John Cennick ( 12 December 1718 -- 4 July 1755 ) was an early Methodist and Moravian evangelist and hymnwriter .
Stańczyk ( c. 1480 - -1560 ) ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈstaɲt͡ʂɨk ) ) was the most famous court jester in Polish history .
George Lewis Becke ( or Louis Becke ; 18 June 1855 -- 18 February 1913 ) was an Australian Pacific trader , short - story writer and novelist .
Johann Samuel Drese ( c. 1644 -- 1 December 1716 ) was a German composer and member of the musical Drese family .
Étienne Jacob ( c. 1648 -- 1726 ) was a Canadian court officer , sergeant of the Sovereign Council of New France , seigneurial notary and a judge of the bailiff 's court of Beaupré and Île d'Orléans .
William Alexander Young MB , CHB , DPH , DTM ( 5 November 1889 -- 28 May 1928 ) was a Scottish doctor and surgeon who specialised in tropical medicine .
Marmaduke Stone ( 28 November 1748 -- 22 August 1834 ) was an English Jesuit , in a position of leadership when the Order was dissolved .
David Pears ( 8 August 1921 -- 1 July 2009 ) was a British philosopher renowned for his work on Ludwig Wittgenstein .
Joseph Kenny Meadows , ( November 1790 - -August 1874 ) better known as Kenny Meadows , was a British caricaturist and illustrator .
Razadarit ( Burmese : ရာဇာဓိရာဇ် ( jàza̰dəɹɪ̀ʔ ) ; Thai : ราชาธิราช , rtgs : Rachathirat ; Sanskrit : राजाधिराज Rājādhirāja `` King of Kings '' ; 1368 - -1421 ) was the ninth king of the Hanthawaddy Pegu Kingdom in Burma from 1384 to 1421 .
Ditmar Meidell ( 24 January 1826 -- 13 July 1900 ) is a Norwegian magazine and newspaper editor .
Tony Kellow ( 1 May 1952 -- 20 February 2011 ) was an English professional footballer .
Martin Copley ( 1940 -- 30 July 2014 ) was a British - born Australian conservationist and philanthropist who established the Australian Wildlife Conservancy ( AWC ) , an organisation which purchases and manages large areas of land , mainly former pastoral properties , as nature reserves ( called ' sanctuaries ' ) for the conservation of biodiversity .
Evo Anton DeConcini ( March 25 , 1901 -- 1986 ) was Attorney General of Arizona , and a Justice of the Arizona Supreme Court from 1949 to 1953 .
Sidney Greenberg ( September 27 , 1917 -- March 31 , 2003 ) was an American rabbi and author .
Magdalo Mussio ( 1925 - -12 August 2006 ) was an Italian author , artist , animator and editor .
Gilbert Ashton MC ( 27 September 1896 -- 6 February 1981 ) was an English cricketer who played 62 first - class matches between the wars , mostly for Cambridge University ( whom he captained in 1921 , and also captained at football ) and Worcestershire .
Maharaja Sir Rameshwar Singh Thakur Bahadur GCIE KCB ( 16 January 1860 -- 3 July 1929 ) was the Maharaja of Darbhanga from 1898 to his death .
Justice William Alfred Wearing QC ( 12 November 1816 -- 24 February 1875 ) was a prominent jurist in the Colony of South Australia , who lost his life in the wreck of S.S. Gothenburg
Saint Ampelus ( died 302 ) is a martyr venerated by the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches .
John Byron , 1st Baron Byron ( 1599 , Newstead , Nottinghamshire -- 23 August 1652 ) was an English Royalist and supporter of Charles I during the English Civil War .
Murray Nicoll ( 20 July 1943 -- 2 May 2010 ) was an Australian journalist and broadcaster whose career spanned more than 45 years .
Margrete Aamot Øverland ( 11 February 1913 - 1978 ) was a Norwegian resistance member during the Second World War , and later editor of the Riksmål newspaper Frisprog .
Lin Xu ( 1875 -- 28 September 1898 ) , courtesy name Tungu ( 暾谷 ) , was a Chinese politician , scholar , songwriter and poet who lived in the late Qing dynasty .
Luís do Rego Barreto , Viscount Geraz Lima , ( 28 October 1777 , Viana do Castelo - 7 September 1840 , Vila Real ) better known as General Luis Rego , was a military and Portuguese colonial administrator who distinguished himself in the fight against the French invasion .
Leonard MacClain ( September 8 , 1899 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- September 1967 , Devault , Pennsylvania ) was an American keyboardist and composer who was prominent as an organist in the Philadelphia area .
Giuseppa Iolanda Menichelli ( 10 January 1890 -- 29 August 1984 ) , known as Pina Menichelli , was an Italian actress and silent film star .
Katharine Coman ( 23 November 1857 -- 11 January 1915 ) was an American social activist and economist .
Arthur Bertram St Hill ( 1872 - 25 August 1911 ) was an early cricketer in the West Indies .
Fatima Soltan ( died 1681 ) was the last khanbika ( queen ) of Qasim Khanate ( 1679 - -81 ) .
Hong Chengchou ( 1593 - -1665 ) , courtesy name Yanyan and art name Hengjiu , was a Chinese official who served under the Ming and Qing dynasties .
Sir Edward Anwyl ( 5 August 1866 -- 8 August 1914 ) was a Welsh academic , specializing in the Celtic languages .
Roger Scott ( 23 October 1943 -- 31 October 1989 ) was a British radio disc jockey .
Nguyễn Cửu Đàm ( died 1777 ) was a Vietnamese general under the Nguyễn lords who built the citadel in Saigon in 1772 to protect the newly acquired southern territories against the Siamese army .
Hormizd IV ( Middle Persian : 𐭠𐭥𐭧𐭥𐭬𐭦𐭣 ; New Persian : هرمز چهارم ) , was king of the Sasanian Empire from 579 to 590 .
Frederik Alexander Adolf Gregory ( Doesburg , 13 May 1814 - ' s - Gravenhage , 16 July 1891 ) was a Dutch viceadmiraal .
David Lindo Alexander ( 5 October 1842 in the City of London -- 1922 ) was an English barrister and Jewish community leader .
Louis Dominique Girard ( 1815- Paris , 1871 ) was a French hydraulic engineer .
Charles - Édouard Brown - Séquard FRS ( 8 April 1817 -- 2 April 1894 ) , also known as Charles Edward , was a Mauritian physiologist and neurologist who , in 1850 , became the first to describe what is now called Brown - Séquard syndrome .
John Skirrow Wright ( 1822 -- 15 April 1880 ) was one of the prominent pioneers and social improvers of the 19th century in Birmingham , England ; and inventor of the Postal Order .
The Rt Rev Thomas Dealtry ( 1795 - 1861 ) was an Anglican Bishop in the 19th century .
Kenny Craddock ( 18 April 1950 - 30 May 2002 ) was an instrumentalist , composer and producer .
Joseph - A. Fowler ( 14 November 1845 -- 4 January 1917 ) was a Canadian composer , organist , choirmaster , pianist , and music educator .
Isidore Isaac Hirschman , Jr. ( 1922 - 1990 ) was an American mathematician at Washington University in St. Louis working on analysis .
Maria Cristina of Naples and Sicily ( Maria Cristina Amelia Teresa ; 17 January 1779 -- 11 March 1849 ) was a Princess of Naples and Sicily and later Queen of Sardinia as wife of King Charles Felix .
Charles von Hügel ( born Carl Alexander Anselm Baron von Hügel ; 25 April 1795 -- 2 June 1870 ) was an Austrian noble , army officer , diplomat , botanist , and explorer , now primarily remembered for his travels in northern India during the 1830s .
Osbert Parsley ( 1511 -- 1585 ) was an English renaissance composer .
Henry White Warren ( 1831 - -1912 ) was an American Methodist Episcopal bishop and author , brother of William Fairfield Warren .
Björn Hjörtur Guðmundsson ( 14 January 1911 -- 14 July 1998 ) , also known as Bjössi , was an Icelandic craftsman , master carpenter , idealist and environmental pioneer .
Jane Chabria ( 1940 - -2004 ) was an education pioneer in Columbus , Ohio .
Kakeda Toshimune ( died 1548 ) was a Japanese samurai of the Sengoku period , who served the Date clan .
James Verne Dusenberry ( 7 April 1906 -- 16 December 1966 ) was well educated and a publicly acclaimed scholar .
Beate Hermelin , affectionately known as Ati , ( 7 August 1919 -- 14 January 2007 ) was a German - born Experimental Psychologist , who worked in the UK and was a pioneer in the experimental study of autism .
Adolf Streckeisen ( 1857 - 1916 ) was professor of medicine at Basel University , first forensic physician ( Gerichtsarzt ) of Basel ( a post created in 1895 ) and president of the Basel Mission .
Ridgwell Cullum ( pseudonym of Sidney Groves Burghard ) ( 13 August 1867 -- 3 November 1943 ) was a British writer who wrote a large number of adventure novels over more than 30 years , usually set in sparsely populated regions of the USA or Canada .
John de Courcy ( also John de Courci ) ( 1150 - -1219 ) was an Anglo - Norman knight who arrived in Ireland in 1176 .
Datuk Seri Dr. Burhanuddin bin Muhammad Nur al - Hilmi , commonly known as Burhanuddin al - Helmy ( 1911 - -6 November 1969 ) was a Malaysian politician .
Georgije Magarašević ( Adaševci , 10 September 1793 -- Novi Sad , 6 January 1830 ) , Serbian writer , historian , editor and publisher , dramatist , translator and collector of folk proverbs .
Eric Lloyd Williams ( 1915 - -1988 ) was a South African - born journalist and war correspondent who covered World War II for the South African Press Association and Reuters .
Henry Shalofsky , better known as Hank Shaw ( 23 June 1926 -- 26 October 2006 ) was an English bebop jazz trumpeter .
Beatrix Havergal ( 1901 - 1980 ) was an English horticulturist .
Prof John Kaye Charlesworth FRSE FRGS FGS CBE ( 1889 - 1972 ) was a British geologist and academic author .
Joseph Baggaley ( c. 1884 -- 19 October 1918 ) was a trade unionist , born in England , who came to Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada with his wife and four children in 1911 .
Robert Louden ( died 1867 ) was a Confederate messenger and partisan in the American Civil War .
Johan Andreas Hallén ( 22 December 1846 -- 11 March 1925 ) was a Swedish Romantic composer , conductor and music teacher , primarily known for his operas , which were heavily influenced by Richard Wagner 's music dramas .
Peter Bander van Duren ( Cologne , 30 July 1930 -- 21 April 2004 ) was a British writer on heraldry and orders of knighthood .
Lauri Nissinen ( 31 July 1918 in Joensuu - 17 June 1944 in Kaukjärvi ) was a World War II flying ace in the Finnish Air Force .
Sir Ernest Gray ( 27 August 1856 -- 6 May 1932 ) was a British educational reformer and Conservative politician .
Sir John Cordell , 3rd Baronet ( baptized 11 November 1677-died 8 May 1704 ) was an English politician .
Pedro de Atarés ( c. 1083 , Borja -- 21 February 1151 ) was a Spanish noble and member of the House of Aragón .
Vincenzo Catena ( c. 1470 -- 1531 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance Venetian school .
Ladislav Kralj - Međimurec ( Čakovec , 24 April 1891 -- 9 February 1976 ) was a Croatian painter and engraver .
William Thomas Oldrieve ( 15 December 1853 -- 12 January 1922 ) was a British architect and scholar primarily associated with public buildings in his role as Architect for Scotland within the Office of Works .
Cyril Harcourt ( 1872 - -1924 ) was a noted writer for the London and New York stages who appeared in his own plays .
Alfons Spielhoff ( July 3 , 1912 -- December 9 , 1987 ) was a German politician , serving as minister of cultural affairs for Dortmund in the 1970s .
Charles François Duhoux d'Hauterive ( 13 August 1736 -- May 1799 ) fought in the War of the Austrian Succession and Seven Years ' War , rising in rank to become a lieutenant colonel of cavalry .
Paul Hausser ( 7 October 1880 -- 21 December 1972 ) was an officer in the German Army , achieving the rank of lieutenant - general in the inter - war Reichswehr .
Major General Sir Michael O'Moore Creagh KBE , MC ( 16 May 1892 -- 1970 ) was a British soldier who served in both the First and Second World Wars .
Galeazzo I Visconti ( 21 January 1277 -- 6 August 1328 ) was lord of Milan from 1322 to 1327 .
Giles Strangways ( 3 June 1615 -- 20 July 1675 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1640 and 1675 .
Wamsutta ( c.1634 - -1662 ) , also known as Alexander Pokanoket , as he was called by New England colonists , was the eldest son of Massasoit ( meaning Great Leader ) Ousa Mequin of the Pokanoket Tribe and Wampanoag nation .
Anna Sprengel ( allegedly died in 1891 ) , countess of Landsfeldt , love - child of Ludwig I of Bavaria and Lola Montez , is a person whose existence was never proven , and who it now seems was invented by William Wynn Westcott to confer legitimacy on the Golden Dawn .
Rev. Samuel Spring ( 1746 - -1819 ) was an early American Revolutionary War chaplain and Congregationalist minister .
Vladimir Kren ( 8 December 1903 -- 2 December 1948 ) was a Croatian major general and commander of the Air Force of the Independent State of Croatia ( ZNDH ) during World War II . He was an officer in the Royal Yugoslav Air Force ( VVKJ ) before the war .
Peter de Leia , O.S.B. ( died 16 July 1198 ) , was Bishop of St David 's from 1176 until his death .
Robert D. Kohn ( 1870 - 1953 ) was an American architect most active in New York City .
Juan Luis de Camarena ( d. 1642 ) was a Spanish soldier and colonial administrator who was governor of the Province of Margarita from 18 February 1638 until 1642 .
Sir William Talbot , 1st Baronet ( died 16 March 1633 ) , was an Irish lawyer and politician .
Karl Rudolph Koenig ( German : Rudolf Koenig ; 26 November 1832 -- 2 October 1901 ) , known by himself and others as Rudolph Koenig , was a German physicist , chiefly concerned with acoustic phenomena .
General Sir Anthony Farrington , 1st Baronet ( 6 February 1742 - -3 November 1823 ) was a British Army officer of the Royal Artillery .
Evan Tom Davies ( 24 September 1904 -- 8 October 1973 ) was a Welsh mathematician and linguist .
Imre Sulyok de Lekcse et Alsószopor ( ? -- 25 January 1578 ) was a Hungarian politician in the Principality of Transylvania , who served as Chancellor of Transylvania from 1576 until his death .
Frank Sayers ( 1763 - -1817 ) was an English poet and metaphysical writer .
Matsunobori Shigeo ( 20 July 1924 - 21 April 1986 ) was a sumo wrestler from Matsudo Chiba , Japan .
Konstantinos Zappas ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Ζάππας 1814 - -1892 ) was a Greek entrepreneur and national benefactor .
Liu Qiong ( Chinese : 刘琼 ) ( 1913 - -2002 ) was a Chinese film director and actor .
Filippo Bigioli ( San Severino Marche , June 4 , 1798 - 1878 ) was an Italian painter , active in a late neoclassical style
Juan García de Salazar ( 12 February 1639 ( baptized ) -- 8 July 1710 ) was a Spanish baroque composer best remembered for his choral works in the stile antico , though a few Spanish works in a more modern style have also survived .
Lew Bradford ( 24 December 1916 -- 1984 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half .
John Davies Gilbert ( 5 December 1811 -- 16 April 1854 ) was a land owner , born in Eastbourne the son of Davies Gilbert and Mary Ann Gilbert .
Alfred Benjamin Butts ( 1890 -- 1962 ) was an American political scientist and university administrator .
Jacob Groenewegen ( died 22 May 1609 ) was a Dutch merchant , who was the leading merchant ( opperkoopman ) on the fleet under Pieter Willemsz .
Sir Robert John Price ( 26 April 1854 -- 18 April 1926 ) was a British surgeon , barrister and Liberal Party politician .
Thomas John Newbold ( 8 February 1807 -- 29 May 1850 ) was an English soldier in the service of the East India Company , known as a traveller and orientalist .
Charles Courant ( 14 April 1896 -- 26 June 1982 ) was a Swiss freestyle wrestler and Olympic medalist .
John Scott Porter ( 1801 - -1880 ) was an Irish biblical scholar and Unitarian minister .
Benjamin Briscoe ( May 1867 - -26 June 1945 ) was born in Detroit , Michigan , and was an automobile pioneer and industrialist .
Sejdo Bajramović ( 1927 - -1993 ) was a Yugoslav soldier and politician of the former Yugoslavia , who was the acting head of state of Yugoslavia for a brief time in 1991 .
Jan Tesánek ( Latin : Joannis Tessanek ) ( 1728 - -1788 ) was a Bohemian scholar and author of scientific literature .
Mikhail Vasilyevich Bocharov ( Russian : Михаил Васильевич Бочаров , 1872 -- 29 April 1936 ) was a Russian opera singer .
Cornelius Bongey ( or Bungey ) ( died 19 September 1555 ) was an English Protestant martyr who was burnt at Coventry in September 1555 .
Robert Thistlethwayte ( baptized 16 December 1690 -- c. January , 1744 ) was a Warden of Wadham College , Oxford and clergyman in the Church of England .
João Lourenço Rebelo died at Apelação ( Loures ) on 16 November 1661 .
Frances Tipton Hunter ( 1896 - -1957 ) was an illustrator who created covers for The Saturday Evening Post and many other magazines between the 1920s and 1950s .
Abbad ibn Bishr ( Arabic : عباد بن بشر‎ ) ( c.606 - -632 ) was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Jean - Paul Hétu ( 1932 -- 30 July 2012 ) was a Quebec trade unionist .
Félicien Henry Caignart de Saulcy ( 1832 - 1912 ) was a French entomologist specialising in Coleoptera .
Giovanni Fouchetti ( 1757 - 1789 ) published one of the earliest method books for the mandolin , c. 1771 .
Dasarathi Tah ( 1911 - -1980 ) was a politician and journalist in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Kathleen Haddon ( 1888 - 1961 ) was an English zoologist , photographer , and scholar of string - figures .
Joseph Kincaid MICE ( 1834 - 1907 ) was an engineer responsible for the construction of a significant number of tramways in Great Britain .
Roger Montgomery ( 1925 - -2003 ) was an American architect , and Professor at Washington University in St. Louis .
Bienvenido Granda , born Rosendo Bienvenido Granda Aguilera ( Havana , August 30 , 1915 - Mexico City , July 9 , 1983 ) , was a Cuban vocalist / musician , singing boleros , son montunos , guarachas and other Cuban rhythms .
Alan Pentland ( 3 October 1883 -- 15 December 1952 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Thomas Gerard , 1st Baronet ( 1560 -- 16 February 1621 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1621 .
Newman E. Drake ( 16 December 1860 -- 17 March 1930 ) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist who founded Drake 's , an American baking company now owned by McKee Foods
Lodowicke Muggleton ( 1609 - -1698 ) was an English plebeian religious thinker , who gave his name to Muggletonianism .
Hunsur Krishnamurthy ( 9 February 1914 -- 13 February 1989 ) was an Indian playwright , film director , producer , actor , screenwriter and lyricist in Kannada cinema .
Émile Zermani , ( 25 September 1911 -- 10 May 1983 ) was a French football player .
Sir Richard Garth PC QC ( 11 May 1820 -- 23 March 1903 ) was Member of Parliament for Guildford from 1866 to 1868 and Chief Justice of Bengal from 1875 to 1886 .
Francis Otto , Duke of Brunswick - Lüneburg ( 1530 - -1559 ) was the Prince of Lüneburg from 1555 to 1559 .
Bernard Codd ( d. 29 July 2013 , aged 79 ) was an English professional motorcycle road racer .
Gibson Nyandoro ( born in 1954 or 1955 , died in 2008 ) was a Zimbabwean war veteran and political dissident who died in military custody in Zimbabwe in May 2008 .
Sri Prakasa ( 3 August 1890 -- 23 June 1971 ) was an Indian politician , freedom - fighter and administrator .
Victor Jacobi , Jakobi Viktor ( 22 October 1883 -- 10 December 1921 ) was a Hungarian operetta composer .
Sir Rubert William Boyce ( 22 April 1863 -- 16 June 1911 ) was an English pathologist and hygienist , known for his work on tropical medicine .
William Alder Strange ( 1813 -- 1874 ) was a headmaster and author .
Blessed John Larke ( died 7 March 1544 ) was an English priest and martyr , who was executed during the reign of Henry VIII . He was a personal friend of Thomas More .
Zhang Tianran ( 張天然 ) ( 8 August 1889 -- 29 September 1947 ) was the eighteenth patriarch as well as the founder of the I - Kuan Tao religious sect .
Otto Liebermann ( 24 November 1898 - 6 April 1974 ) was a chemist who invented a synthesis of dolomite .
Sir Charles Hanbury Williams , KB ( 8 December 1708 -- 2 November 1759 ) was a Welsh diplomat , writer and satirist .
H. H. Swami Santhananda Saraswati Avadhoota Swamigal ( 28 March 1921 - 27 May 2002 ) born as Subrahmanyam was a Hindu spiritual leader and teacher who established the worship of Devi Bhuvaneswari in Tamil Nadu .
Peter K. Palangyo ( 1939 - 18 January 1993 ) was a Tanzanian novelist and diplomat .
William H. Sylvis ( 1828 - -1869 ) was a pioneer American trade union leader .
Colonel Humphrey Mews ( 1941 - 1990 ) was Deputy Private Secretary to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales 1986 - 1988 .
Pierre Gaspard Marie Grimod d'Orsay ( 14 December 1748 -- 3 January 1809 , Vienna ) , comte d'Orsay , was a collector of sculptures , paintings and drawings ( which he left to the Louvre ) .
Winslow Lewis ( 1770 - -1850 ) was a sea captain , engineer , inventor and contractor active in the construction of many American lighthouses during the first half of the nineteenth century .
Sir Richard Aluwihare , KCMG , CBE , CCS , JP ( 23 May 1895 -- 22 December 1976 ) was a Sri Lankan civil servant and diplomat .
Mailin mac Tanaide Ó Maolconaire , Ollamh Síol Muireadaigh , c.1360 - 1441 .
Rothari ( or Rothair ) , ( c. 606 -- 652 ) , of the house of Arodus , was king of the Lombards from 636 to 652 ; previously he had been duke of Brescia .
Józef Chaciński ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjuzɛf xaˈt͡ɕiɲskʲi ) ; 13 March 1889 , Warsaw -- 6 May 1954 , Góra Kalwaria ) was a Polish lawyer and politician .
Arthur Douglas Peppercorn ( 28 February 1847 - 1926 ) was a London - born landscape painter who has been likened to Corot .
Dennis Hargrove Cooke ( February 23 , 1904 -- March 1982 ) was the fourth president of what is now East Carolina University .
Sefer Reis ( Ottoman Turkish:سفر ) ( died 1565 ) was a Turkish privateer and Ottoman admiral who was active against the Portuguese in the Indian Ocean in the 16th century .
Paulus Verschuur ( 1606 -- 1667 ) , was a Dutch mayor of Rotterdam , known today for his portrait by Frans Hals .
Gerrard Andrewes ( 1750 - -1825 ) was an English churchman , Dean of Canterbury from 1809 .
Emile Bernheim ( 1886 -- 1985 ) was a Belgian industrialist .
Ahmad ibn Tawoos ( Arabic : أحمد بن طاووس‎ ) , also known as `` Tawoos '' or `` al - Taus '' ( died 673 ) , was one of the Tabi``in , and one of the narrators of hadith .
Giuseppe Torelli ( 22 April 1658 -- 8 February 1709 ) was an Italian violist , violinist , teacher , and composer .
Pribislav - Henry ( German : Pribislaw - Heinrich ; d. 1150 ) was a Slavic Christian prince and the last ruler of the Hevelli ( Stodorani ) tribe in the Northern March of Brandenburg .
Sir Giles Rolls Loder , 3rd Baronet ( 1914 - -1999 ) was an English aristocrat , WWII veteran , public official , horticulturalist and yachtsman .
Islwyn Ffowc Elis ( Welsh pronunciation : ( ˈɪslʊɨn foʊk ˈɛlɪs ) ; 17 November 1924 -- 22 January 2004 ) was one of Wales 's most popular Welsh - language writers .
Adriaan Pauw , knight , heer van Heemstede , Bennebroek , Nieuwerkerk etc . ( 1 November 1585 -- 21 February 1653 ) was Grand Pensionary of Holland from 1631 to 1636 and from 1651 to 1653 .
Sarah Maria Wilson ( died 1786 ) was an English actress .
Hazrat Khwaja Syed Mohammad Badshah Qadri - ul - Chishti Yamani Raichuri Rahmatullah'alaih ( 1903 ( 1324 Hijri ) -- 1978 ) , was a Sufi saint of the Chisti order in India , known commonly as Badshah Quadri or Badesha Qadri , who preached universal brotherhood and peace .
Ken Ogata ( 緒形拳 Ogata Ken ; 20 July 1937 -- 5 October 2008 ) was a Japanese actor .
Andy Cowie ( 11 March 1913 -- 1972 ) was a professional footballer who played for Dundee , Aberdeen and Swindon Town .
Ralph Stob ( 1894 -- 1965 ) was an educator , academic , and former president of Calvin College in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Susan Feilding , Countess of Denbigh ( née Villiers ; 1583 -- 1652 ) was an English courtier .
Jayakant Mishra ( 20 November 1922 -- 3 February 2009 ) was an Indian scholar and author .
Anthony Tuckney ( September 1599 , Kirton - in - Holland -- February 1670 ) was an English Puritan theologian and scholar .
John Every ( c 1643 - 1679 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1679 .
Dixon Edward Hoste ( 23 July 1861 -- 11 May 1946 ) was a British Protestant Christian missionary to China and the longest lived of the Cambridge Seven and successor to James Hudson Taylor as General Director of the China Inland Mission , ( from 1902 to 1935 ) .
Isaac Habrecht II ( 1589 - 1633 ) was a professor of astronomy and mathematics in Strasbourg .
Wrisley Brown ( 1883 - 1943 ) was Washington , DC lawyer and a soldier .
Joan Winfield ( 24 September 1918 -- 16 June 1978 ) was an Australian - born actress and talented violinist , who appeared in Hollywood films in the 1940s , mostly in uncredited roles .
Lloyd Kenyon , 3rd Baron Kenyon ( 1 April 1805 -- 14 July 1869 ) , was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
Yudhvir Singh ( Hindi : युद्धवीर सिंह , b. 1897 , Jaipur , d. 1983 , New Delhi ) was an Indian freedom fighter , politician and homeopathic doctor .
James Gordon Melville Turner GC ( 1907 - 5 November 1967 ) was a British merchant seaman .
Gabriel von Seidl ( 9 December 1848 -- 27 April 1913 ) was a German architect and a representative of the historicist style of architecture .
Oda of Haldensleben ( ca . 955/60 -- 1023 ) was a German noblewoman and by marriage Duchess of the Polans .
Ernst Leopold Prinz von Sachsen - Coburg und Gotha ( Ernst Leopold Eduard Wilhelm Josias ; 14 January 1935 -- 27 June 1996 ) was the elder son of Johann Leopold , Hereditary Prince of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha and Baroness Feodora von der Horst .
Joe Brophy ( 5 April 1890 -- 25 September 1972 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Niketas Triphyllios ( Greek : Νικήτας Τριφύλλιος , died 30 April 803 ) was one of the highest officials of the Byzantine Empire during the reign of Byzantine empress Irene of Athens ( 797 - -802 ) , holding the position of Domestic of the Schools .
Thomas Wrightington ( c. 1797 - -July 8 , 1853 ) was an early settler of San Diego , California .
Epiphanius of Pavia ( 438 - -496 ) , later venerated as Saint Epiphanius of Pavia , was Bishop of Pavia from 466 until his death in 496 .
Dr. Albert Plesman ( 7 September 1889 -- 31 December 1953 ) was a Dutch pioneer in aviation and the first president of KLM , the oldest airline in the world still operating under its original name .
Arthur Ashley Sykes ( 1684 - -1756 ) was an Anglican religious writer , known as an inveterate controversialist .
Dr. Rudolphina Menzel ( 1891 - -1973 ) was a cynologist , best known for her work in the field of animal behavior , from Vienna , Austria .
Sven Roger Blomquist ( 25 September 1956 -- 15 September 2014 ) was a Swedish sports journalist , working for state broadcaster SVT .
Lilian Doris Thompson MBE OBE ( née Bean ; 12 January 1903 -- 23 June 2004 ) was a British businessperson who was the managing director and chairman of Blackpool Pleasure Beach .
Stella Sutherland ( 7 October 1924 -- 15 October 2015 ) was one of the prominent Shetland writers of the later 20th and early 21st century .
Jasodhara Bagchi ( born 1937 in Kolkata -- 9 January 2015 ) was a leading Indian feminist critic and activist .
Dov Karmi ( Hebrew : דב כרמי‎ ; ‎1905 -- 14 May 1962 ) was a renowned Israeli architect of the pre - statehood era .
Theophilus Cazenove , or Theophile Cazenove ( 13 October 1740 -- 6 March 1811 ) , was a Dutch financier and one of the agents of the Holland Land Company .
Bartholomew Newsam ( died 1593 ) , was clockmaker to Queen Elizabeth I , probably born at York .
Bill Raidler , known as `` Little Bill '' Raidler ( 1870 ? - 1904 ) was an outlaw of the Old West , and member of the Doolin - Dalton gang .
Fleetwood Churchill M.D. ( 1808 - -1878 ) was an English physician , known as an obstetrician and medical writer .
Gustav Sule ( 10 September 1910 -- 3 April 1942 ) was an Estonian javelin thrower .
John Newton Waddel ( born Willington , South Carolina , April 2 , 1812 ; died 1895 ) was the Chancellor of the University of Mississippi from 1865 to 1874 .
John William Kitson ( 1846 -- February 1888 ) was an English - born architectural sculptor who worked in the United States .
Harry Fenn ( 1837 -- April 22 , 1911 ) was an English - born American illustrator , landscape painter , etcher , and wood engraver .
Kanō Naonobu ( 狩野 尚信 , 25 November 1607 -- 7 May 1650 ) was a Japanese painter of the Kanō school of painting during the early Edo period .
Christopher T. Gonzalez , also known as Chris Gonzalez , was an activist who succumbed to AIDS in May 1994 .
Mary Leigh ( née Brown , 1885 - -1978 ) was an English political activist and suffragette .
Marie Perolz ( 7 May 1874 -- 12 December 1950 ) was also known as Mary Perolz and Máire Perolz , and as Miss Peroze in one crucial document .
Charles Burlingame Waite ( born in Wayne County , New York , 29 January 1824 ; died 1909 ) was a United States lawyer , jurist and author .
Simon - Pierre Denys de Bonaventure ( 22 June 1659 -- 7 February 1711 ) was an officer in the colonial troupes de la marine of New France and was heavily involved with the events of Acadia from 1685 until his death .
Moriz Benedikt ( sometimes spelled Moritz ) ( 27 May 1849 -- 18 March 1920 ) , a Viennese Jew born in Krasice , was a long - time editor of Neue Freie Presse and a powerful figure in Austrian politics and society .
John Isaac Hawkins ( 1772 - -1855 ) was an inventor who practised civil engineering .
William Sanford La Sor ( 1911 - -1991 ) was professor emeritus of Old Testament at Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena , California .
Henry of Ghent ( c. 1217 -- 29 June 1293 ) was a scholastic philosopher , known as Doctor Solemnis ( the Solemn Doctor ) , and also as Henricus de Gandavo and Henricus Gandavensis .
Thomas Johannes Lauritz Parr ( 13 May 1862 -- 12 August 1935 ) was a Norwegian educator and psychologist .
Chris Baldo ( real name Christian Baldauff , 24 June 1943 - 24 January 1995 ) was a Luxembourgish singer .
Rabbi Yosef Eliyahu Henkin ( 1881 - -1973 ) was a prominent Orthodox rabbi in the United States .
Bekri Mustafa Pasha ( known by the epithet Tekirdağlı , meaning `` from Tekirdağ '' ; died January 1690 ) was an Ottoman grand vizier during the Great Turkish War .
Sir Andrew Riccard ( c. 1604 -- 6 September 1672 ) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1654 .
Jens Christian Hauge ( 15 May 1915 -- 30 October 2006 ) , often written Jens Chr .
The Reverend John Galbraith Graham MBE ( 16 February 1921 -- 26 November 2013 ) was a British crossword compiler , best known as Araucaria of The Guardian .
Camilla Martelli ( c. 1545 -- 30 May 1590 ) was first the lover and then the second wife of the Grand Duke of Tuscany , Cosimo I de ' Medici .
Pierre Woeiriot de Bouzey ( 1532 - -1599 ) was a French engraver , goldsmith , painter , sculptor and medallist .
Friedrich Hustedt ( 1886 -- 1 April 1968 ) was a German teacher and botanist , best known for his diatom systematics research .
John Doull ( November 1 , 1878 -- 1969 ) was a lawyer , judge and politician .
Spyrydon Lytvynovych ( Ukrainian : Спиридон Литвинович , Polish : Spirydion Litwinowicz ; 6 December , 1810 -- 4 June , 1869 ) was the Metropolitan Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from 1864 until his death in 1869 .
Devendra Goel ( 3 March 1919 - 26 February 1979 ) was an Indian film director and producer of Bollywood films and best known for his work in the 1950s and early 1960s .
John S. Gibson , Jr. ( 1902 - -1987 ) was a powerful San Pedro , California , politician who was on the Los Angeles City Council for thirty years between 1951 and 1981 .
Richard Newport , 1st Baron Newport ( 7 May 1587 -- 8 February 1651 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1629 .
Henry Almond ( 1850 - -1910 ) helped form Stoke Ramblers ( now Stoke City ) in 1863 .
Filippo Coppola was an Italian composer , maestro di cappella of the Chapel Royal of Naples from 1658 to 1680 .
Charles A. Zimmermann ( 1861 -- 16 January 1916 ) was an American composer of marches and popular music .
Mary Thomas née Harris ( 30 August 1787 -- 10 February 1875 ) was a diarist , poet and early settler of South Australia .
Betty Bolton ( 7 January 1906 -- 2 April 2005 ) was a British actress , beginning as a child star during World War I and continuing her career in the 1920s and 1930s .
Zhang Gui ( Chinese : 張軌 , 255 - -314 ) was the governor of Liang province and first Duke of Xiping under Western Jin .
Edward John Cobbett ( 1815 - -1899 ) was an English watercolour and oil painter , a pupil of Joseph William Allen .
Giuseppe Aprile ( 28 October 1731 -- 11 January 1813 ) was an Italian castrato singer and music teacher .
Rosaura Andreu ( 1 January 1918 -- 21 November 2010 ) was a Cuban - born actress who found wide fame in Puerto Rico as a children 's television show host .
Andrew Dalgleish ( 1853 -- 1888 ) on Karakoram Pass , between Ladakh , India and China was a Scottish trader , traveller and government agent during the Great Game .
Dov Zakin ( Hebrew : דב זכין‎ , 1922 -- 4 September 1986 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Mapam between 1969 and 1977 and again from 1981 until 1984 .
Brigadier General James Roy Andersen ( 10 May 1904 -- 26 February 1945 ) was a United States Army Air Forces officer .
Seweryna Szmaglewska ( 1916 - -1992 ) was a Polish writer , known for both books for children and adults alike .
Jorge Alberto Garramuño ( 14 September 1953 -- 7 September 2015 ) was an Argentine politician who was a Senator for the Fueguino People 's Movement between 2013 and 2015 .
Richard Carmarden ( died 1603 ) was an English merchant , member of the Merchant Taylors Company , and Surveyor of the Customs for London .
Gerino da Pistoia , also Gerino di Antonio Gerini , ( 1480 - 1529 ) was an Italian painter and designer of the Renaissance .
Dušan Zbavitel ( 7 May 1925 -- 7 August 2012 ) was a world - renowned Czech Indologist .
Benjamin Ingham ( 11 June 1712 ( O.S. ) - 1772 ) , was born and raised in the Yorkshire and Humber region of England .
Maud de Lacy , Baroness Geneville ( 1230 -- 11 April 1304 ) was a Norman - Irish noblewoman and wealthy heiress who upon the death of her grandfather , Walter de Lacy , Lord of Trim and Ludlow inherited half his estates .
Giuseppe Salvatore Bellusci ( 31 May 1888 -- 26 December 1972 ) was an Italian politician of Arbëresh descent .
Jean Baptiste Édouard Verreaux ( 16 September 1810 -- 14 March 1868 ) was a French naturalist , collector and dealer .
Jorge R. Acosta ( 1904 - -5 March 1975 ) was a Mexican archaeologist who worked on numerous major archaeological sites in Mesoamerica , including Chichen Itza , Teotihuacán , Oaxaca , Palenque , Monte Albán and Tula .
George Tierney PC ( 20 March 1761 -- 25 January 1830 ) was an Anglo - Irish Whig politician .
Erik Sjöqvist ( 15 July 1903 -- 16 July 1975 ) was the director of Swedish Cyprus Expedition and director of Swedish Institute at Rome , Italy and professor of classical archaeology at Princeton University .
Cai Xiang ( Chinese : 蔡襄 ; pinyin : Cài Xiāng ; Wade -- Giles : Ts'ai Hsiang ) ( 1012 - -1067 ) was a Chinese calligrapher , scholar , official , structural engineer , and poet .
Dem I. Dobrescu ( usual rendition of Demetru Ion Dobrescu ; 1869 - -1948 ) was a Romanian left - wing politician who served as Mayor of Bucharest between February 1929 and January 1934 .
Sultan Ahmad Shah of Malacca ( died 1513 ) was a sultan of what is now Malaya .
Rose Hacker ( 3 March 1906 -- 4 February 2008 ) was a British socialist , writer , sex educator and campaigner for social justice .
Eli Uzan ( Hebrew : אלי אוזן‎ ) ( 21 March 1963 -- 23 November 2009 ) was an Israeli footballer who played for Hapoel Be'er Sheva , Hapoel Tel Aviv and Tzafririm Holon .
Sam Bernard ( 5 June 1863 - 16 May 1927 ) was an English stage , film and vaudeville star .
William Raymond Dommersen , also ( van ) Dommersheusen and ( van ) Dommersheuzen , ( London , Stratford West Ham , end 1859 -- London , 1927 ) was an English painter of Land- and Seascapes , Villages and Towns .
Sir Henry Gough , 1st Baronet ( 1709 -- 1774 ) , also known as Sir Harry , was a British politician .
Enrique Enríquez the Younger ( died 1366 ) was a nobleman of Castile , son of Enrique Enríquez the Elder .
Helen Crawfurd Anderson ( 9 November 1877 -- 18 April 1954 ) was a Scottish suffragette and Communist activist .
Louis Oppenheim ( 1879 - -1936 ) was a German graphic artist , painter and type designer .
Johan Vilhelm Gertner ( 10 March 1818 -- 28 March 1871 ) was a Danish painter , best known for his portraiture .
Manzo Iwata ( 9 February 1924 -- 4 June 1993 ) was a Japanese martial artist .
Constantin Marselis or Constantijn Marselis ( 28 November 1647 - 16 June 1699 ) was a nobleman of the wealthy Dutch Marselis family .
John Bancks ( 1709 -- 19 April 1751 ) , also known as John Banks , was an English writer .
Rudolf Bürger ( 31 October 1908 -- 20 January 1980 ) was a Romanian international footballer of German ethnicity in the 1920s and 1930s who is one of a few men who participated in each of the three pre - War FIFA World Cups .
Thanas Floqi ( 14.01.1884 - 1945 ) was an Albanian educator and patriot , and one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence .
Stan Lawler ( 19 November 1909 -- 26 March 1958 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Abraham Rapoport ( Schrenzel ) was a Polish Talmudist ; born at Lemberg ( currently Lviv , Ukraine ) in 1584 ; died in 1651 ( June 7 ) ; son of Rabbi Israel Jehiel Rapoport of Cracow and son - in - law of R. Mordecai Schrenzel of Lemberg .
David Robert Wingate ( February 20 , 1819 -- 1899 ) was an American lumber businessman and plantation farmer who served in the Confederate Army as the commissioner of defense for Jefferson County , Texas , during the American Civil War .
Dr. John Oswald Sanders ( October 17 , 1902 - -October 24 , 1992 ) was a general director of Overseas Missionary Fellowship ( then known as China Inland Mission ) in the 1950s and 1960s .
Jacob Senleches ( fl . 1382/1383 -- 1395 ) ( also Jacob de Senlechos ( i.e. Senleches ) and Jacopinus Senlesses ) was a Franco - Flemish composer and harpist of the late Middle Ages .
Frank M. Casto ( 30 May 1875 -- 25 April 1965 ) was an American orthodontist who attended Angle School of Orthodontia in 1902 .
William Brodie Gurney ( 1777 - -1855 ) was a famed English shorthand writer and philanthropist of the 19th century .
Ezer Griffiths OBE , FRS ( 27 November 1888 -- 14 February 1962 ) was a Welsh physicist most noted for his work on the insulation properties of metals , heat transference , evaporation and refrigiration .
John MacDougall Hay ( 1879 - -1919 ) was a Scottish novelist , best known for his work Gillespie .
John Howard Van Amringe ( 1836 - -1915 ) was an educator and mathematician from the United States .
Tomislav Pinter ( 16 June 1926 -- 15 August 2008 ) was a Croatian cinematographer , regarded as the most significant cinematographer in Croatian cinema due to the artistic quality of his work and his prolific career spanning almost five decades .
Dr Shimon Kanovitch ( Hebrew : שמעון כנוביץ'‎ , born 6 July 1900 , died 25 July 1961 ) was an Israeli physician and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Progressive Party and Liberal Party between 1959 and 1961 .
Tony Sheridan ( Anthony Esmond Sheridan McGinnity ; 21 May 1940 -- 16 February 2013 ) was an English rock and roll singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Henrietta Catherine Agnes of Anhalt - Dessau ( born 5 June 1744 in Dessau ; died : 15 December 1799 in Dessau ) was a princess of Anhalt - Dessau by birth , Dean of Herford Abbey and by marriage Baroness of Loën .
Arthur Bartholomew ( 3 December 1833 Bruton , Somerset -- 19 August 1909 Melbourne ) was an English - born Australian engraver , lithographer and natural history illustrator .
Leonardo de Figueroa ( c. 1650 , Utiel -- 1730 , Seville ) was a Spanish architect active in Seville .
Sir George Arthur Harwin Branson PC ( 11 July 1871 -- 23 April 1951 ) , known professionally as G. A. H. Branson , was an English barrister who became a judge of the High Court of Justice .
Lorna Wing , OBE , FRCPsych ( 7 October 1928 -- 6 June 2014 ) was an English psychiatrist and physician .
Willie Kemp , King of the Cornkisters ( born 1888 in Oldmeldrum -- 1965 ) is best known as a singer and writer of Doric comic songs .
Hector Alastair Hetherington ( 31 October 1919 -- 3 October 1999 ) was a British journalist , newspaper editor and academic .
Ippolito de ' Medici ( 1511 -- 10 August 1535 ) was the illegitimate only son of Giuliano di Lorenzo de ' Medici .
Ioan Hristea ( 17 March 1897 -- 1972 , Sibiu ) was a Romanian Officer during World War II .
Bahram Alivandi ( 1928 - 21 May 2012 ) was an Iranian - born Modern artist living in Vienna , Austria .
James Ross , 4th Lord Ross of Halkhead ( died 2 April 1581 ) was a Scottish nobleman and an adherent to the cause of Mary , Queen of Scots .
Thanassis Skordalos ( Greek : Θανάσης Σκορδαλός ; born 10 December 1920 -- 23 April 1998 ) was a musician from Crete , noted for playing the lyra , the bowed string instrument of Crete and most popular surviving form of the medieval Byzantine lyra .
Ishbel MacAskill ( née MacIver , 14 March 1941 -- 31 March 2011 ) was a heritage activist and traditional Scottish Gaelic singer and teacher , often referred to as the `` Gaelic diva '' .
Abu al - Khaṭṭāb ʻAbd al - Ḥamīd ibn ʻAbd al - Majīd ( Arabic : أبو الخطاب عبد الحميد بن عبد المجيد ; died 177 AH/793 CE‎ ) , commonly known as Al - Akhfash al - Akbar ( Arabic : الأخفش الأكبر‎ ) was a notable Arab grammarian .
Andreas Murray ( 9 August 1695 - 1771 ) was a German - born Swedish priest , founder of the Swedish Murray family .
Said Sheikh Samatar ( Somali : Saciid Sheekh Samatar , Arabic : سعيد الشيخ سمتر‎‎ ; 1943 - -24 February 2015 ) was a prominent Somali scholar and writer .
John O'Connor Power ( 13 February 1846 -- 21 February 1919 ) was an Irish Fenian and a Home Rule League and Irish Parliamentary Party politician and as MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland represented Mayo from June 1874 to 1885 .
Ann Macbeth ( Bolton 1875 - -1948 ) was a British embroideress and author , a part of the Glasgow Movement and an associate of Charles Rennie Mackintosh .
Conrad Frederick Sauer ( October 13 , 1866 - 1927 ) was a German American pharmacist from Richmond Virginia who founded the C.F. Sauer Company on October 13 , 1887 , his 21st birthday .
Sir Henry Spurrier ( 16 June 1898 -- 17 June 1964 ) was a British engineer and industrialist , and the third generation of the Spurrier family to head Leyland Motors .
Richard Ernest Kunze ( b. in Altenburg , Germany , 7 April 1838 ; d. 1919 ) was a physician .
Julius Brammer ( 9 March 1877 -- 18 April 1943 ) was an Austrian librettist and lyricist .
Mr Tiz ( 2 February 1984 -- 30 January 2014 ) was a champion New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse .
Joseph Johann Kauffmann ( 27 February 1707 -- 11 January 1782 ) ; other first name spellings in references :
Prince Nikolai Leonidovich Obolensky ( 1878 - 1960 ) was a Russian governor .
Pietro Antoniani ( Milan , circa 1740 - 1805 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of sea- and landscapes , often animated with figures , but also of historical subjects .
Sigmund Hemmel ( 1520 - -1565 ) was a German composer , tenor , and Kapellmeister in Stuttgart , Württemberg .
William Turner Alchin ( 1790 -- 3 February 1865 ) was an English antiquarian and solicitor .
Nicolas Martiau ( 1591 - -1657 ) was a Frenchman who immigrated to the English colony of Virginia in the 17th century .
Charles Andrew Dyce ( 1816 - -1853 ) was born in St Nicholas , Aberdeen , Scotland to parents William Dyce and Margaret Chalmers who were married on 8 Feb 1798 .
Kamalabai Hospet also known as ( Kamalatai Hospet ) ( 1896 - -1981 ) was a co - founder of Matru Sewa Sangh , a non - profit social organization based in Nagpur , Maharashtra , India .
Group Captain Nicolas Tindal - Carill - Worsley RAF ( known as Nicolas Tindal ) ( 7 March 1911 -- 28 January 2006 ) , was a bomber pilot during the Second World War who helped plan and execute the Great Escape from Stalag Luft III , where he was imprisoned between 1940 and 1945 .
Robert Roper ( 1757 - -1838 ) was an English architect who practised from an office in Preston , Lancashire .
Ignacio Luis Arcaya Rivero ( Santa Ana de Coro , 3 May 1912 - Caracas , 4 September 1990 ) , was a Venezuelan lawyer and politician .
Harold Mathews Brett ( 1880 - -1955 ) was an American illustrator and painter best known for his New England scenes and portraits .
Eleanor Allen Moore ( 26 July 1885 -- 17 September 1955 ) was a British painter who was born in Northern Ireland , but became one of the group of painters known as the `` Glasgow Girls '' .
Ahmad Khonsari , also Aḥmad Khvānsārī , or Khvunsārī ( Persian : احمد خوانساری‎‎ , 1887 - -1985 ) was an Iranian Grand Ayatollah and attained marja status after the death of marja Boroujerdi in 1961 .
Thomas Wignell ( 1753 -- February 21 , 1803 ) was an English - born actor and theatre manager in colonial United States .
Charles Lindley ( 1865 - -1957 ) , born Carl Gustaf Lindgren , was a Swedish socialist and trade union activist .
Alfredo Parga ( 11 December 1924 in Buenos Aires -- 2 June 2004 ) was an Argentine writer and journalist linked to motor racing .
Reşat Amet ( largely known by his official Russified name : Reşat Medatovych Ametov , also transliterated in Russian as : Решат Медатович Аметов , also anglicized as : Reshat Ametov ) ( 24 January 1975 -- 15 March 2014 ) was a Crimean Tatar activist for ethnic Tatar causes and a Crimean Tatar hero .
Theodore Havermeyer Northrup ( 1866 - 1919 ) composed one of the earliest rags , `` Louisiana Rag '' in 1897 .
Edward Bamber ( alias Reading ) ( b. at the Moor , Poulton - le - Fylde , Lancashire ; executed at Lancaster 7 August 1646 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest .
Sydney Edmund Tolchard Evans ( 20 September 1901 - 12 March 1978 ) was a British songwriter , composer , pianist and bandleader , whose works were popular from the 1920s to the 1960s .
Nils Frøis Frøisland ( 4 February 1883 -- 29 January 1930 ) was a Norwegian newspaper correspondent and editor .
My Phone is an online service with a companion mobile client application from Microsoft .
In May 2015 , WooThemes and WooCommerce were acquired by Automattic , operator of WordPress.com and core contributor to the WordPress software .
Active Lancer is a 2D shoot 'em up video game created by Freeverse for Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X. It plays in the style of many old school computer games and features little plot line or story development .
Daria 's Sick , Sad Life Planner is a 1999 software program developed by Hypnotix and published by Simon & Schuster Interactive .
Company of Heroes 2 is a real - time strategy video game developed by Relic Entertainment and published by Sega for Microsoft Windows , OS X , and Linux .
In summer 2004 the project became an Apache Software Foundation project and later officially renamed to Apache SpamAssassin .
The Dreadnaught Factor is a video game produced by Activision in 1983 for the Mattel Intellivision , Atari 5200 video game system and Atari 8-bit family .
Greed Corp is a turn - based strategy video game developed by W ! Games .
Rugby Challenge is a Rugby video game , developed by Sidhe and published by Tru Blu Entertainment .
Cosmic Carnage , known in Japan as Cyber Brawl ( サイバーブロール ) , is a 1994 2-D fighting video game released for the Sega 32X , developed by Givro and published by Sega .
Wild Woody is a game released by Sega of America for the Sega CD in 1995 , towards the end of the system 's lifespan .
Dragon Age II is an action role - playing video game developed by BioWare , and published by Electronic Arts .
Ubisoft Montreal began development on Watch Dogs in 2009 .
Family Card Games ( Titled Okiraku Daifugō Wii ( おきらく大富豪Wii ) in Japan ) is a video game developed by Arc System Works for the Wii .
Enigmo and Enigmo 2 are respectively 2.5D and 3D arcade - style computer games for personal computer ( PC ) , Mac OS 9 , Mac OS X , iOS and PlayStation Minis developed by Pangea Software .
Speedball 2 Tournament is a sequel to the Commodore Amiga futuristic sports video game Speedball originally created by The Bitmap Brothers , published by Frogster Interactive Pictures and developed by Kylotonn .
DrawRace 2 is a racing video game developed by RedLynx and published by Chillingo .
NBA Baller Beats is a rhythm game developed by HB Studios and released by Majesco on the Xbox 360 for use with the Kinect motion sensing controller .
Mendeley was purchased by the Elsevier publishing company in 2013 .
Swordquest is an unfinished series of video games produced by Atari , Inc. in the 1980s as part of a contest , consisting of three finished games and a planned but never released fourth game .
Shadowbane was a free fantasy role - playing video game ( MMORPG ) created by Wolfpack Studios and published on March 25 , 2003 by Ubisoft for Windows and Mac platforms .
Apache Directory is an open source project of the Apache Software Foundation .
Driveclub ( stylised as DRIVECLUB and sometimes stylised as # DRIVECLUB ) is a 2014 racing video game for the PlayStation 4 , developed by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Far Cry 3 is an open world action - adventure first - person shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal in conjunction with Ubisoft Massive , Red Storm Entertainment , Ubisoft Shanghai , and Ubisoft Reflections , published by Ubisoft for Microsoft Windows , Xbox 360 , and PlayStation 3 .
Kinatay ( English : Butchered , The Execution of P ) is a 2009 Filipino independent drama film directed by Brillante Mendoza .
Calcutta 71 is a 1972 Bengali film directed by noted Indian art film director Mrinal Sen. This film is considered to be the second film of Mrinal Sen 's Calcutta trilogy , the others being Interview , and Padatik .
Follow the Stars Home is a 2001 television film directed by Dick Lowry .
Prem Patra is a 1962 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Bimal Roy .
Ninne Pelladata ( English : I will marry you ! ) is a 1996 Telugu , Romance film , produced by Nagarjuna Akkineni on Annapurna Studios banner , directed by Krishna Vamsi .
Bride of the Wind is a 2001 period drama directed by Academy Award - nominee Bruce Beresford and written by first - time screenwriter Marilyn Levy .
The White Bird Marked with Black ( Ukrainian : Білий Птах З Чорною Ознакою , Russian : Белая птица с чёрной отметиной trans . Bilyi Ptakh z Chornoyu Oznakoyu , Belaya ptitsa s chornoy otmetinoy ) is a 1971 Ukrainian - Soviet drama film , directed by Yuri Ilyenko .
`` When Silambarasan and director Tarun Gopi came together in Kaalai we expected a racy masala entertainer .
Do I Have to Take Care of Everything ? ( Finnish : Pitääkö mun kaikki hoitaa ? ) is a 2012 Finnish short film by Selma Vilhunen .
Unsettled Land ( Hebrew : החולמים , lit . The Dreamers ; also known as Once We Were Dreamers ) is a 1987 Israeli drama directed by Uri Barbash .
Ranbhool is a Marathi movie released on 14 May 2010.The movie has been produced by Pratibha Mendhekar and directed by Sanjay Surkar .
The Godless Girl ( 1928 ) is a drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille , shown for years as his last completely silent film .
Kosh ba kosh is a 1993 Russian - Tajik film directed by Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov .
Chicken Every Sunday is a 1949 American comedy film directed by George Seaton .
Replacing Dad is a 1999 American television film directed by Joyce Chopra .
The Likely Lads is an English sitcom created and written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais , and produced by Dick Clement .
The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby is the collective title of three films written and directed by Ned Benson .
Little Malcolm is a 1974 British comedy drama film directed by Stuart Cooper .
La Secta del trébol ( English : The clover Sect ) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film , directed by Mario Soffici and written by Tulio Demicheli and José Ramón Luna .
The Giant Gila Monster is a 1959 hot rod / monster / science fiction film , directed by Ray Kellogg and produced by Ken Curtis .
Sabas , ang barbaro is a 1952 Filipino drama film directed by Eddie Romero and Enrique Moreno and written by Francisco Coching .
Turn on to Love is a 1969 film directed by John G. Avildsen and marks his directorial debut .
Johnny the Giant Killer aka Johnny vs the Giant ( French : Jeannot l'intrépide ) is a 1950 French animated film directed by Jean Image .
Captain Macklin is a 1915 American short drama film directed by John B. O'Brien .
Biohazard 4D - Executer was directed by Koichi Ohata , and written by Daisuke Okamoto , who was supervised by the game series developers .
The Final Kiss , also known as Blood on the Guitar , is a 2005 drama film that was directed by Scott Shaw .
The Kid Rides Again is a 1943 American western directed by Sam Newfield .
Baadasssss ! is a 2003 American biopic , written , produced , directed by , and starring Mario Van Peebles .
Deadly Hero is a 1976 thriller movie starring Don Murray , Diahn Williams , James Earl Jones , Lilia Skala , Treat Williams , and directed by Ivan Nagy from a screenplay by George Wislocki and Don Petersen .
Boína blanca is a 1941 Argentine drama film directed and written by Luis Moglia Barth based on the script by Carlos Goicochea and Rogelio Cordone .
Breathful is a 2007 gangster - comedy film directed by Daryush Shokof .
Burning the Wind is a 1929 American romance film , directed by Herbert Blaché and Henry MacRae , starring Hoot Gibson and featuring Boris Karloff .
According to C. V. Sridhar 's autobiography , Sivandha Mann had evolved from Andru Sinthiya Rattam , a script originally written for actor M. G. Ramachandran .
Mimic 2 is a 2001 science fiction horror film , directed by Jean de Segonzac , with a script inspired by a short story of the same name by Donald A. Wollheim .
The Hellion is a 1924 American Western film directed by Bruce M. Mitchell and featuring Boris Karloff .
The Lane That Had No Turning is a lost 1922 American silent film that was directed by Victor Fleming .
Did You Hear the One About the Traveling Saleslady ? is a 1968 American comedy film directed by Don Weis and written by John Fenton Murray .
She Demons is an independently produced 1958 black - and - white science fiction film directed and co - written by Richard E. Cunha .
Do Be Quick ( Czech : Běž , ať ti neuteče ) is a 1977 Czech drama film directed by Stanislav Strnad .
Wives and Obscurities ( Italian : Moglie e buoi ... ) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Leonardo De Mitri and starring Gino Cervi , Walter Chiari and Enrico Viarisio .
Champagne for Caesar is a 1950 American comedy film about a television quiz show , directed by Richard Whorf and written by Fred Brady and Hans Jacoby .
The Last Play at Shea is a 2010 documentary film written by Mark Monroe , directed by Paul Crowder , produced by Steve Cohen and Nigel Sinclair , in conjunction with Billy Joel 's Maritime Pictures and Spitfire Films .
Diary of a Cannibal ( also known as Cannibal ) is a 2007 United States production horror film directed by Ulli Lommel .
Boulevard du Rhum also known as Rum Runners is a 1971 French - Italian - Spanish adventure film directed by Robert Enrico and produced by Alain Poiré .
Vaniusha and The Space Pirate ( Russian : Ванюша и космический пират ) is a 1991 Soviet Russian stop - motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich .
Mexicali Shmoes is a 1959 Looney Tunes cartoon short directed by Friz Freleng and starring Speedy Gonzales and the singing cats Jose and Manuel .
Ninnindale ( English : Because of You ) is an Indian Kannada romance , comedy , drama film directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee , a popular Tollywood film director making his debut in Kannada cinema .
A Dangerous Age is a 1958 film directed by Sidney J. Furie .
Marked for Murder is a 1945 American film directed by Elmer Clifton .
The Raindrop ( Turkish : Güle Güle ) is a 2000 Turkish comedy - drama film , directed by Zeki Ökten , which chronciles the friendship of five elderly residents of Bozcaada .
Clinic Exclusive ( UK theatrical title : Clinic Xclusive , also known as With These Hands and Sex Clinic ) is a 1971 British comedy film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Georgina Ward , Alexander Davion , Carmen Silvera and Windsor Davies .
Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai is a 2010 Indian period gangster film directed by Milan Luthria and produced by Ekta Kapoor .
Rathna Manjari ( Kannada : ರತ್ನ ಮಂಜರಿ ) is a 1962 Indian Kannada film , directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy and produced by Hunsur Krishnamurthy and D Puttaswamy .
Show Biz Bugs is a 1957 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes animated short directed by Friz Freleng and featuring Mel Blanc as the voices of Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck .
I.K.U. ( pronounced ai - kei - ju , abbreviated as iku ? ) is a 2001 independent film directed by Taiwanese - American experimental filmmaker Shu Lea Cheang .
Rêves de poussière ( English : Dreams of Dust or Buried Dreams ) is a 2006 film by director Laurent Salgues .
Delhi in a Day is a 2011 Hindi independent film directed by Prashant Nair .
The Last Ones Shall Be First ( German : Die Letzten werden die Ersten sein ) is a 1957 West German crime film directed by Rolf Hansen , based on the short play The First and the Last by John Galsworthy .
Sith Apprentice is a Star Wars fan film that made its debut on the internet on March 29 , 2005 , directed by John E. Hudgens and co - written by Hudgens , Denny Humbard , and Men in Black creator Lowell Cunningham .
First Knight is a 1995 medieval film based on Arthurian legend , directed by Jerry Zucker .
The FP is a 2011 American comedy film written and directed by Brandon and Jason Trost .
Shikkar ( English : The Hunt , Malayalam : ശിക്കാര്‍ ) is a 2010 Malayalam mystery - thriller film directed by M. Padmakumar and written by S. Suresh Babu which was produced by Sreeraj Cinema .
White House Down is a 2013 American action thriller film directed by Roland Emmerich about an assault on the White House by a paramilitary group and the Capitol Police Officer who tries to stop them .
Bleak Night ( Hangul : 파수꾼 ; RR : Pasuggun ; lit . `` The Lookout '' ) is a 2010 South Korean coming - of - age drama film written and directed by Yoon Sung - hyun .
The Scarlet Pumpernickel is a animated Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short released in 1950 , directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese .
The Employer is an award - winning psychological thriller written and directed by Frank Merle .
Battle for the City ( Finnish : Taistelu Turusta ) is a 2011 Finnish documentary film directed by Jouko Aaltonen about the city of Turku .
An Honourable Murder is a 1960 British drama film directed by Godfrey Grayson and starring Norman Wooland , Margaretta Scott and Lisa Daniely .
Co - written by several House producers and directed by Greg Yaitanes , `` House 's Head '' premiered on May 12 , 2008 on Fox .
Roarin ' Lead is a 1936 American film directed by Sam Newfield and Mack V. Wright and was the third entry of the 51-film series of Western `` Three Mesquiteers '' B - movies .
The Hypo - Chondri - Cat is a 1949 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies short , released on April 15 , 1950 , directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese .
The Left Ear is a 2015 Chinese coming of age film directed by Alec Su .
Cow Country is a 1953 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Adele Buffington and Thomas W. Blackburn .
Spain Again ( Spanish : España otra vez ) is a 1969 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Camino .
You Are My Adventure ( Swedish : Du är mitt äventyr ) is a 1958 Swedish comedy film directed by Stig Olin .
The Magnificent Cuckold or Il magnifico cornuto is a 1964 Italian film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli and based on the Belgian play Le Cocu magnifique .
Fight for the Dardanelles ( 1915 ) is a British silent documentary film , directed by F. Percy Smith and produced and edited by Charles Urban .
Danger List is a 1959 British short film directed by Leslie Arliss for Hammer Film Productions .
Assassinio al cimitero etrusco ( internationally released as Scorpion with Two Tails and Murder in an Etruscan Cemetery ) is a 1982 Italian thriller - horror film directed by Sergio Martino ( credited as Christian Plummer ) .
Da Possessed is a Filipino horror , comedy film directed by Joyce Bernal starring Vhong Navarro and Solenn Heussaff .
The Duff ( stylized as THE DUFF ) is a 2015 American teen comedy film directed by Ari Sandel and written by Josh A. Cagan , based on the novel of the same name by Kody Keplinger with music by Dominic Lewis and produced by Susan Cartsonis , McG and Mary Viola .
Crooked Arrows is a 2012 American sports drama film directed by Steve Rash and written by Brad Riddell .
Sudden Manhattan was a 1996 low - budget comedy film in which Adrienne Shelly wrote , directed , and starred .
Appointment for Murder ( Italian : Amo un assassino ) is a 1951 Italian crime film drama directed by Baccio Bandini .
Wide - Eyed and Legless ( also known as The Wedding Gift ) is a 1993 made - for - TV British drama film directed by Richard Loncraine .
The Heart of the World is a short film written and directed by Guy Maddin , produced for the 2000 Toronto International Film Festival .
The Draft Horse is a Warner Bros. cartoon released in 1942 , directed by Chuck Jones .
Office Killer is a comedy - horror film directed by Cindy Sherman .
In the Valleys of the Southern Rhine ( German : Die vom Niederrhein ) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Rudolf Walther - Fein and Rudolf Dworsky and starring Albert Steinrück , Erna Morena and Ernst Hofmann .
The Long , the Short , the Cat ( Italian : Il lungo , il corto , il gatto , also known as The Tall , the Short , the Cat ) is a 1967 Italian comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci .
Zoop in Africa ( Dutch : Zoop in Afrika ) is a 2005 Dutch adventure film , directed by Johan Nijenhuis .
Should Ladies Behave is a 1933 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Harry Beaumont and written by Bella Spewack and Sam Spewack .
Gentlemen Prefer Nature Girls is an American 1963 nudist film produced and directed by Doris Wishman .
Naanum Oru Thozhilali ( English : I am also a Worker ) is a 1986 Tamil - language drama film directed and produced by C. V. Sridhar .
All the Wrong Clues for the Right Solution ( Chinese : 鬼馬智多星 ; pinyin : Gui ma zhi duo xing ) is a 1981 Hong Kong comedy film directed and co - written by Tsui Hark .
La Route impériale ( `` the imperial road '' ) is a 1935 French film directed by Marcel L'Herbier .
Barnen från Frostmofjället is a 1945 Swedish film , directed by Rolf Husberg .
Glass Chin is a 2014 American independent crime drama film written and directed by Noah Buschel , starring Corey Stoll , Billy Crudup , Marin Ireland , Yul Vazquez and Kelly Lynch .
72 Meters ( Russian : 72 метра ) is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by Vladimir Khotinenko based on the short stories from the collection of stories of the same name by Alexander Pokrovsky .
Cry Blood , Apache is a 1970 western film directed by Jack Starrett and assistant director Robert Tessier .
Alphabet of Fear ( Croatian : Abeceda straha ) is a Croatian film directed by Fadil Hadžić .
The House That Never Dies ( simplified Chinese : 京城81号 ; traditional Chinese : 京城81號 ; pinyin : Jing Cheng 81 Hao ) is a 2014 Chinese 3D thriller film directed by Raymond Yip .
Kranthiyogi Basavanna ( Kannada : ಕ್ರಾಂತಿಯೋಗಿ ಬಸವಣ್ಣ ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. L. Swamy ( Ravee ) .
Dealin ' with Idiots is an 2013 American film written and directed by Jeff Garlin , who also stars .
Live Once , Die Twice is a 2006 television drama film directed by Stefan Pleszczynski .
Diszel ( Tapolica Diszel ( ˈtɒpoltsɒ ˈdisɛl ) ) is a village in Veszprém county , Hungary , merged with the town of Tapolca administratively since 1977 .
Swedish Pomerania ( Swedish : Svenska Pommern ; German : Schwedisch - Pommern ) was a Dominion under the Swedish Crown from 1630 to 1815 , situated on what is now the Baltic coast of Germany and Poland .
In February 1945 the 3rd Panzer Army was one of the armies that made up the new Army Group Vistula .
The Bavarian Peasants ' League ( German : Bayerischer Bauernbund , or BB ) was an agrarian political party in Bavaria , Germany , from 1870 - 1933 .
The Kreis Birnbaum ( Polish : Powiat międzychodzki ) was an administrative district in Prussia ( Kreis ) in the west of the Grand Duchy of Posen and the succeeding Province of Posen , part of Regierungsbezirk Posen between 1815 and 1920 .
Originally ruled by Truchesses ( Stewards ) , Waldburg - Zeil was elevated to a County in 1628 , and a Principality in 1803 shortly before being mediatised to Württemberg in 1806 .
The French Fourth Republic was the republican government of France between 1946 and 1958 , governed by the fourth republican constitution .
The States ' Rights Democratic Party ( usually called the Dixiecrats ) was a short - lived segregationist political party in the United States in 1948 .
The Deutscher Fußball - Verband der DDR ( DFV ) was from the 1950s the football association of the ( East ) German Democratic Republic , fielding the East Germany national football team until 1990 before rejoining its counterpart , the German Football Association ( DFB ) , which had been founded in 1904 .
Lekem , ( also pronounced `` Lakam '' ) an acronym for ha - Lishka le - Kishrei Mada ( Hebrew : הלשכה לקשרי מדע‎ , Bureau of Scientific Relations ) , was an Israeli intelligence agency headed by Benjamin Blumberg ( 1957 - -1981 ) , and Rafi Eitan ( 1981 - -1986 ) .
The case then led Silicon Knights to multiple lawsuits that led the company to bankruptcy on May 16 , 2014 .
The only Prime Minister of Zimbabwe - Rhodesia was Abel Muzorewa who ruled from 1 June 1979 until 12 December 1979 when the country was taken into administration .
The Free Trade Party which was officially known as the Australian Free Trade and Liberal Association , also referred to as the Revenue Tariff Party in some states and renamed the Anti - Socialist Party in 1906 , was an Australian political party , formally organised between 1889 and 1909 .
First Active was an Irish bank , and former building society which was merged into Ulster Bank in late 2009 , ceasing trading in February 2010 .
Dunedin East was a parliamentary electorate in the city of Dunedin in the Otago region of New Zealand from 1881 to 1890 .
The Turkish military subsequently defeated the Republic of Ararat in September 1930 .
In 1998 the Reformists for Europe merged with the Democratic Party of the Left ( PDS ) and other groups to form the Democrats of the Left ( DS ) .
The Mountainous Republic of the Northern Caucasus ( MRNC ; also known as the Mountain Republic or the Republic of the Mountaineers ; 1917 - -1920 ) was a short - lived state situated in the Northern Caucasus .
In 828 , Carantania became a margraviate of the Frankish empire .
Stephen Fleet was educated at Brentwood School , Essex , Lewes County Grammar School , Sussex and St John 's College , Cambridge , where he received his doctorate .
William Allot was a Catholic student of the University of Cambridge .
Born in Karachi in 1961 , Sabiha Sumar studied Filmmaking and Political Science at Sarah Lawrence College in New York from 1980 - -83 and then read History and Political Thought at Cambridge University .
Isaac H. Snowden was one of the first three African - American students admitted to Harvard Medical School , in 1850 , along with Martin Delany and Daniel Laing , Jr. Snowden and Laing were sponsored by the American Colonization Society in doing so and had previously been connected with the Young Men 's Literary Society in Boston .
Oliver Bevan ( born 28 March 1941 ) is an English artist , who was born in Peterborough and educated at Eton College .
Mohit Banerji 's formative years were spent in West Bengal , having been educated at Midnapore Collegiate School followed by tertiary undergraduate study at the University of Calcutta .
Dugald Stewart Walker was a native of Richmond , Virginia , and studied drawing at the University of Virginia and the New York School of Art .
Gustavo Turecki , MD , PhD ( born May 11 , 1965 ) is an award - winning Canadian psychiatrist and professor at McGill University .
James Whitbourn was born in Kent and educated at Skinners ' School before winning a scholarship to Magdalen College , Oxford , where he gained his first two degrees .
Born in Paterson , New Jersey to John I. and Henrietta DeKorte , Richard W. DeKorte was educated at Amherst College and the University of Chicago Law School .
Born in South Africa , David Freedberg was educated at South African College High School in Newlands , Cape Town ( 1961 - -65 ) , the University of Cape Town ( 1966 ) , completed a Bachelor of Arts at Yale ( 1966 - -69 ) , and accomplished the D.Phil .
Max Crawford was educated at Sydney Boys High School , the University of Sydney and Balliol College , Oxford , where he studied English , history , philosophy and fine art ( he was an accomplished painter and poet ) .
Brosl Hasslacher obtained a bachelor 's in physics from Harvard University in 1962 .
From 1991 to 1994 , Dag Herbjørnsrud studied political science at the University of Oslo .
From 1948 to 1955 Zou Jiahua studied first at the Harbin Institute of Technology , then later attended the Bauman Moscow State Technical University School of Mechanical Manufacturing , becoming proficient in Russian .
Roger Mudd received a B.A. degree from Washington and Lee University in 1950 -- where one of his classmates was author Tom Wolfe -- and an M.A. degree from the University of North Carolina in 1953 .
Eric W. Kaler ( born 23 September 1956 ) is the 16th president of the University of Minnesota , succeeding Robert Bruininks on July 1 , 2011 .
After returning to Germany in 1947 , Edzard Reuter studied mathematics and theoretical physics at the University of Berlin ( now known as Humboldt University of Berlin ) , later transferring to the Georg August University of Göttingen .
Carel Boshoff spent much of his youth at his father 's ranch in the Waterberg District in the northern Transvaal , attended the University of Pretoria and attained his doctorate in theology in 1951 after doing missionary work throughout the old Transvaal Province .
John Wesley Gilbert ( July 6 , 1864 -- November 19 , 1923 ) was the first African - American archaeologist , the first graduate of Paine College , the first African - American professor of that school , and the first African - American to receive a master 's degree from Brown University .
Sue Hartley attended University of Oxford , England , where she undertook an undergraduate BA degree in biochemistry .
John Meriwether earned an undergraduate degree from Northwestern University and an MBA degree from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business .
Riaz Hassan AM , FASSA is an Australian Research Council Professorial Fellow and Emeritus Professor in the Department of Sociology , Flinders University .
Ilya Schor first trained as an apprentice in metalcrafts and engraving before enrolling at the Warsaw Academy of Fine Arts in 1930 where he studied painting .
Henry George Purchase was the son of George and Victoria Purchase of Weymouth in Dorset He was educated at King 's College , London where he received the law degree , LL.B. In 1902 , he married Kathleen Roberts the daughter of a Justice of the Peace from Hollybrook in County Cork .
Hüseyin Dündar studied Physical Training and Sports at the Çukurova University in Adana .
Javad Etaat ( born 20 April 1963 in Darab County , Shiraz ) is an Iranian politician and professor at Shahid Beheshti University .
Eli Ginzberg ( April 30 , 1911 -- December 14 , 2002 ) was born in New York , New York and earned an A.B. , an A.M. , and a Ph.D. from Columbia University between 1931 and 1934 .
Samuel Brooke was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College , Cambridge , where he was admitted in 1596 ; he proceeded M.A. 1604 , B.D. 1607 , and D.D. 1615 .
C. T. K. Chari ( 5 June 1909 -- 5 January 1993 ) was Head of the Department of Philosophy at Madras Christian College from 1958 to 1969 and the most prominent among contemporary Indian philosophers who paid close attention to psi phenomena .
'' Lois Marshall was a graduate of the University of Toronto .
Peter Jenni , Swiss , born in 1948 , obtained his Diploma for Physics at the University of Bern in 1973 and his Doctorate at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zürich ( ETHZ ) in 1976 .
David J. Hayes is a Distinguished Visiting Lecturer at Law at Stanford Law School .
The son of Lee and Virginia Symonds , Craig Symonds attended Anaheim High School then University of California , Los Angeles , where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1967 .
Born in Ripley , Derbyshire and educated at Worcester College , Oxford , where he read PPE , Alec Horsley entered and later abandoned the Colonial Service .
Kathy Fagan holds an M.F.A. from Columbia University and a Ph.D. from the University of Utah .
Born in the Caroline County town of Denton , Maryland , in 1880 , Sophie Kerr graduated from Denton High School in 1895 and went on to earn a bachelor 's degree from Hood College and a master 's degree from the University of Vermont .
Arindam Chaudhuri ( Hindi:अरिंदम चौधुरी ) is an Indian author and the director of IIPM Think Tank at Indian Institute of Planning and Management .
Hours later , Wayne State University in Detroit discontinued the Helen Thomas Spirit of Diversity in Media Award , which it had been granting for more than ten years , citing what it called her anti - Semitic remarks .
Arnie Fielkow received his Bachelor of Arts from Northwestern University and his Juris Doctor from the University of Wisconsin School of Law in 1981 .
Mary Patterson McPherson ( born c. 1935 ) has served as the President of Bryn Mawr College ( 1978 - 1997 ) , the Vice President of the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation ( 1997 - -2007 ) , and the Executive Officer of the American Philosophical Society ( 2007 - 2012 ) .
Hassan Makaremi holds a diploma from the Polytechnic University of Tehan , Amirkabir University of Technology and École centrale Paris .
Brad Hendricks attended Arizona State University and obtained his Bachelor of Science degree in 1977 , graduating cum laude .
Fadwa El Guindi , born in Egypt in 1941 , is a professor of anthropology with a PhD in anthropology from the University of Texas at Austin ( 1972 ) .
George Gaskell graduated from University College London in 1969 , and completed his PhD in social psychology under the supervision of Professor Rob Farr .
Maria Ogedengbe , née Creyts , is an American artist whose production straddles disciplines of photography , design , assemblage , and installation art . Ogedengbe , who earned her BFA at Kansas City Art Institute and her MFA from Yale University School of Art , signs her work with the alias mariaurora .
Fazal Sheikh was born in New York City , 1965 , and attended Princeton University , graduating in 1987 .
Born in Sylacauga , Alabama , United States , Van Allen Plexico graduated from Auburn University with Bachelor 's and Master 's Degrees in 1990 and 1994 , doing additional graduate work at Georgetown University and at Emory University .
Dire Tladi is a professor of international law at the Department of Public Law and the Institute for International and Comparative Law in Africa at the University of Pretoria .
Roland Moyle was educated in Bexleyheath and Llanidloes , and at the University College of Wales , Aberystwyth and Trinity Hall , Cambridge , where he chaired the Labour Club in 1953 .
Sudhir Shivaram grew up in Karnataka and got into wildlife photography in 1993 when studying engineering in Malnad College of Engineering in Hassan , Karnataka .
John Ewart Wallace Sterling ( August 6 , 1906 -- July 1 , 1985 ) was an American educator who served as President of Stanford University between 1949 and 1968 .
Clem Tisdell obtained his bachelor 's degree in Commerce ( majoring in Economics ) from the University of New South Wales in 1961 and his doctorate in Economics from the Australian National University in 1964 .
Patty Kazmaier - Sandt ( January 8 , 1962 - February 15 , 1990 ) was a four - year varsity letter - winner for the Princeton University women 's ice hockey team from 1981 through 1986 .
Olga Esina ( in Russian Ольга Есина ) is a Russian ballerina who was educated at the Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
The daughter of Pål Kraby , Ida Hjort Kraby graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.jur .
Dean Allemang has a formal background , with an MSc in Mathematics from the University of Cambridge , England , and a PhD in Computer Science from The Ohio State University , USA .
Marion Edwards Park was the American alumna and the third president of Bryn Mawr College , following alumna M. Carey Thomas .
Neely Bruce ( born January 21 , 1944 ) , Professor of Music and American Studies at Wesleyan University , is a composer , conductor , pianist and scholar of American music .
Lawrence Shulman ( born May 17 , 1937 ) is the former Dean of the University at Buffalo , The State University of New York .
Ann Ferguson ( born 6 March 1938 ) , is an American philosopher , and Professor Emerita of Philosophy and Women 's Studies at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
Yves Bot ( born August 22 , 1947 ) is a French magistrate and currently serves as Advocate General at the European Court of Justice .
Gregor Schoeler is a contemporary non - Muslim Islamic scholar He has served the chair of Islamic studies at the University of Basel since 2009 .
Virginia Walbot born in 1946 , is an American agriculturalist and botanist who is a biology professor at Stanford University .
Lars Skattebøl FRSC ( born 16 July 1927 in Bærum ) is a Norwegian scientist and professor emeritus at the University of Oslo .
Commander William Ibbett ( 1886 - 1975 ) was an English submariner , and later a BBC Radio broadcaster .
Arun Sundararajan ( Tamil : அருண் சுந்தர்ராஜன் ) ( born in the United Kingdom ) is the NEC Faculty Fellow , Professor of Information , Operations and Management Sciences and a Doctoral Coordinator at the Stern School of Business , New York University .
Franco Imoda , S.J. is an Italian Jesuit priest , who served as Rector of the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome from 1998 to 2004 .
Alastair Leithead is a British journalist working as a foreign correspondent for the BBC .
Nathaniel David Mermin ( /ˈmɜrmɪn/ ; born 1935 ) is a solid - state physicist at Cornell University best known for the eponymous Mermin--
Alexander Deichsel ( born 23 February 1935 ) is a German sociologist and professor at the University of Hamburg ( Germany ) .
Anthony Cohen was a research fellow at the Memorial University of Newfoundland ; assistant professor at Queen 's University and lecturer and senior lecturer in social anthropology at the University of Manchester .
Thor Rhodin , late Professor Emeritus , Applied and Engineering Physics at Cornell University , is credited with pioneering work in the birth and evolution of surface science beginning with his research on surface sensitivity using auger electron spectroscopy .
Gabriele Klein ( born 1957 ) is a sociologist , dance theorist and professor at the University of Hamburg .
Choi Young - jin ( Hangul : 최영진 , Choe Yeongjin ; born 29 March 1948 ) is a South Korean politician who is the former Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary - General for Côte d'Ivoire ( UNOCI ) .
Megan Duffy ( born July 13 , 1984 ) is an American women 's basketball coach , currently assistant coach with the University of Michigan .
Xiaowei Zhuang ( simplified Chinese : 庄小威 ; traditional Chinese : 莊小威 ) ( b. January , 1972 ) is a Chinese - American biophysicist , and the David B. Arnold Jr. Professor of Science , Professor of Chemistry and Chemical Biology and Professor of Physics at Harvard University , and an Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
William E. Bentley is the Robert E. Fischell Distinguished Professor of Engineering and founding Chair of the Fischell Department of Bioengineering located in the A. James Clark School of Engineering at the University of Maryland .
Edward S. Davidson is a professor emeritus in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
Steven Lamy is a professor of international relations and a Vice Dean for the USC Dana and David Dornsife College of Letters , Arts and Sciences at the University of Southern California .
Michael Batty CBE , FBA , FRS , FAcSS ( born 11 January 1945 ) is a British urban planner and geographer , and a Professor in The Bartlett at University College London ( UCL ) .
Judith T. Zeitlin is a professor in Chinese literature and East Asian Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago .
Henry Rapoport ( November 16 , 1918 -- March 6 , 2002 ) was an internationally renowned organic chemist and Professor of Chemistry at the University of California , Berkeley .
Hubert Wolf ( born 26 November 1959 in Wört , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German church historian and professor at the University of Münster .
Carol Smart ( born 20 December 1948 ) , is a feminist sociologist and academic at the University of Manchester .
Deborah Lynn Steinberg is a Professor of Gender , Culture and Media Studies in the Department of Sociology at the University of Warwick , UK .
Klaus Oeggl studied biology and Earth sciences at the University of Innsbruck , where he graduated in 1981 .
Charles McLelland ( 19 November 1930 -- 2 December 2004 ) was the controller of BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 2 from 1976 to 1978 , and the controller solely of BBC Radio 2 from 1978 to 1980 , when the two stations ' management teams were separated .
Lizabeth Cohen is the current Howard Mumford Jones Professor of American Studies at Harvard University , as well as the Dean of Harvard 's Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study .
Fred L. Block is an American sociologist , and Professor of Sociology at the University of California , Davis .
Dimitri Gutas ( born 1945 ) is an American Arabist and Hellenist and professor of Arabic and Islamic Studies in the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations at Yale University .
Winifred Robinson ( born 7 December 1957 ) is a BBC Radio presenter working on the You and Yours programme .
Xuemei Chen ( Chinese : 陈雪梅 ) is a Chinese professor of plant cell and molecular biology at University of California , Riverside .
Manfred G. Schmidt ( born 25 July 1948 in Donauwörth , Germany ) is Professor of Political Science at the Faculty of Economic and Social Sciences of the University of Heidelberg .
Harold I. Hansen ( 1914 - 1992 ) was a major theatre professor at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and the director of the Hill Cumorah Pageant from 1937 - 1977 , excluding the years during World War II in which it was not held .
Jordi Folch Pi ( March 25 , 1911 -- October 3 , 1979 ) was a Catalan biochemist at Harvard University ( McLean Hospital ) who is recognized universally as one of the founders of the field of structural chemistry of complex lipids and as a leader in the development of Neurochemistry as a distinct discipline within the Neurosciences .
Dr. Allan Abbass ( born February 22 , 1962 ) is professor , psychiatrist , and founding Director of the Centre for Emotions and Health at Dalhousie University in Halifax , Canada .
Richard D. Alexander ( born 1930 ) is an Emeritus Professor and Emeritus Curator of Insects at the Museum of Zoology of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor , Michigan , USA .
Helen O'Rahilly ( born in Dublin ) is a London - based Irish television producer and executive who has worked for RTÉ , the BBC and in commercial broadcasting .
Knut Jørgen Røed Ødegaard ( born 6 May 1966 ) is a Norwegian astronomer formerly employed as a media contact at the University of Oslo 's Institute of Theoretical Astrophysics .
Alison Hastings is the member for England on the BBC Trust , the governing body of the British Broadcasting Corporation , and a Vice President of the British Board of Film Classification .
Herbert Quandt was born in Pritzwalk , the second son of Günther Quandt ( 1881 - -1954 ) and Antonie `` Toni '' Quandt ( née Ewald ) .
Gabriel - Elzéar Taschereau was born at Quebec City , the son of Thomas - Jacques Taschereau .
Meng Yi 's father , Meng Wu ( 蒙武 ) , served as a general during the reign of King Zhuangxiang 's son , Ying Zheng .
Évrard Chauveau ( 1660 - -1739 ) was a French painter , the son of François Chauveau .
Esther Cleveland ( September 9 , 1893 -- June 25 , 1980 ) was the second child of Grover Cleveland , 22nd & 24th President of the United States , and his wife Frances Folsom Cleveland .
Fleeting Spirit 's sire Invincible Spirit was a sprinter who won the Haydock Sprint Cup in 2002 .
Italic people believed Picus was the son of the god of war Mars and attributed his avine transformation to his skills at interpreting bird omens .
Jishnu Raghavan Alingkil , known mononymously as Jishnu , is an Indian film actor who appears in Malayalam films .
Gustave Flourens ( 4 August 1838 in Paris -- 3 April 1871 ) was a French Revolutionary leader and writer , son of the physiologist Jean Pierre Flourens ( who was Professor at the Collège de France and deputy in 1838 - 1839 ) .
Ur - Nungal of Uruk was the sixth Sumerian ruler in the First Dynasty of Uruk ( ca . 26th century BC ) , and son of Gilgamesh according to the Sumerian king list .
Lin Liguo ( Chinese : 林立果 , 1945 - September 13 , 1971 ) was the son of the Chinese Communist military leader Lin Biao and the person in charge of Project 571 Outline , a plotted coup against Mao Zedong .
He was foaled on 10 September 2006 , and bred by Tony Santic 's Makybe Racing & Breeding Pty Ltd. Starspangledbanner is by international race winner and successful sire , Choisir , his dam is the race winner , Gold Anthem who has produced five named foals for two other winners , by different sires .
Gwladus Ddu , ( `` Gwladus the Dark '' ) , full name Gwladus ferch Llywelyn ( died 1251 ) was a Welsh noblewoman who was a daughter of Llywelyn the Great of Gwynedd and married two Marcher lords .
While he was nearing Scutari , Kadan heard of the death of his father , Ögedei Khan .
Sarah Miriam Peale ( Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , May 19 , 1800 -- February 4 , 1885 , Philadelphia ) was an American portrait painter , one of the notable family of artists descended from the miniaturist and still - life painter James Peale , who was her father and Mary Claypoole , who was her mother .
Li Renfu was said to be from the same Tuoba clan as the late - Tang Dynasty warlord Li Sigong ( né Tuoba Sigong ) , the first Dangxiang military governor of Dingnan , and therefore was ethnically Dangxiang .
Phut or Put ( Hebrew : פוט pûṭ ; Septuagint Greek Φουδ Phoud ) is the third son of Ham ( one of the sons of Noah ) , in the biblical Table of Nations ( Genesis 10:6 ; cf . 1 Chronicles 1:8 ) .
Miguel Zamacoïs , born in Louveciennes on September 8 , 1866 , and died in Paris on March 20 , 1955 , was a writer , poet and journalist , son of the Spanish Basque painter Eduardo Zamacois y Zabala and Marie Louise Perrin .
Iddo Netanyahu was born in Jerusalem , the son of Zila ( née Segal ; 1912 - -2000 ) and professor Benzion Netanyahu ( 1910 - -2012 ) , and spent part of his childhood in the United States .
Lady Margaret Butler ( c. 1454 or 1465 -- 1539 ) was an Irish noblewoman , the daughter and co - heiress of Thomas Butler , 7th Earl of Ormond .
Princess Caroline - Mathilde of Denmark ( Danish : Caroline - Mathilde Louise Dagmar Christine Maud Augusta Ingeborg Thyra Adelheid ) ( 27 April 1912 -- 12 December 1995 ) was a daughter of Prince Harald of Denmark and granddaughter of King Frederick VIII of Denmark .
Leontiades of Thebes , son of Eurymachus , and apparently a grandson of the Theban commander Leontiades in the Battle of Thermopylae .
Teodato Ipato ( also Diodato or Deusdedit , Latin : Theodatus Ursus ) was the doge of Venice after a brief interregnum following the death of his father , Orso Ipato , in 742 .
Eucleidas ( Greek : Εὐκλείδας ) reigned Sparta from 227 BC up until 222 BC . He was an Agiad , son of Leonidas II , in the place of the Eurypontid king .
Wertheim & Co. was an investment firm founded in 1927 by Maurice Wertheim and Joseph Klingenstein , who met when they worked together at Hallgarten & Company .
City Year was founded in 1988 by Michael Brown and Alan Khazei , then - roommates at Harvard Law School , who felt strongly that young people in service could be a powerful resource for addressing America 's most pressing issues .
Mirage Enterprises was an American film production company founded by director and producer Sydney Pollack in 1985 .
Defective by Design is an anti - DRM initiative by the Free Software Foundation .
Founded in 1901 by John Francis Queeny , Monsanto initially produced food additives like saccharin and vanillin , expanded into industrial chemicals like sulfuric acid and PCBs in the 1920s , and by the 1940s was a major producer of plastics , including polystyrene and synthetic fibers .
The Birmingham News was launched on March 14 , 1888 by Rufus N. Rhodes as The Evening News , a four - page paper with two reporters and $ 800 of operating capital .
Adrian Kinderis is the CEO of AusRegistry Pty Ltd.
Apollo Computer Inc. , founded 1980 in Chelmsford , Massachusetts by William Poduska ( a founder of Prime Computer ) and others , developed and produced Apollo / Domain workstations in the 1980s .
Mecanoo was founded in 1984 by Francine Houben , Henk Döll , Roelf Steenhuis , Erick van Egeraat and Chris de Weijer .
Crown Media Holdings , Inc. ( a.k.a . Crown Media ) is a United States media production company with corporate headquarters located in Studio City , California , and is controlled by Hallmark Cards .
Huobi ( 火币网 ) is a Chinese digital currency trading platform and exchange based in Beijing .
Verifone is an American multinational corporation headquartered in San Jose , California that provides technology for electronic payment transactions and value - added services at the point - of - sale .
Stagecoach in Bassetlaw is the brand name for Stagecoach East Midlands operations in the Bassetlaw district , with operations be run out of their depot on Central Avenue / Hardy Street in Worksop .
Smurfit - Stone Container Corporation was a global paperboard and paper - based packaging company based in Creve Coeur , Missouri , and Chicago , Illinois , with approximately 21,000 employees .
Scanline VFX is a visual effects company with offices in Los Angeles , Vancouver and Munich .
In 1998 , due to the rapid expansion of the company , Imavision 21 became Imavision Distribution and the offices moved to their present location , on Saint - Jacques Street in Montreal .
The German Patent and Trade Mark Office ( German : Deutsches Patent- und Markenamt ; abbreviation : DPMA ) is the German national patent office , with headquarters in Munich , and offices in Berlin and Jena .
Constellation Energy Group ( former NYSE ticker symbol CEG ) , headquartered in Baltimore , Maryland , was an energy producer , trader , and distributor .
Randstad Holding NV is a Dutch multinational human resource consulting firm headquartered in Diemen , Netherlands .
Post Properties is headquartered in Atlanta , and has operations in nine markets across the country .
Maurices is an American women 's clothing retail chain based in Duluth , Minnesota .
Liceo Pablo Neruda ( English : Pablo Neruda High School ) is a Chilean municipal high school located in Navidad , Cardenal Caro Province , Chile .
In April 2011 , Max Myanmar won a government auction bid to buy the Department of Population office in Yangon 's Kyauktada Township , at the cost of K15 billion .
HSBC Argentina is one of the largest financial organizations in Argentina and comprises HSBC Bank Argentina , HSBC MAXIMA AFJP , HSBC La Buenos Aires and HSBC New York Life .
Williams & Connolly LLP is a prominent litigation firm based in Washington , D.C. , United States .
ATP architects engineers is an international architecture- and engineering office for integrated design with a headquarters in Innsbruck , Austria and further design offices in Vienna , Munich , Frankfurt , Zürich , Budapest , Zagreb and Moscow .
The Brickskeller ( officially The Brickskeller Dining House and Down Home Saloon ) was a tavern in Washington , D.C. , located near Dupont Circle across from Rock Creek Park and on the edge of Georgetown , in the Marifex Hotel ( now the Brickskeller Inn ) building .
Lending Club is a US peer - to - peer lending company , headquartered in San Francisco , California .
Boca Grande Taqueria is a chain of Mexican restaurants in the Boston , Massachusetts area .
Independent Fabrication ( IF ) is a bicycle company located in Newmarket , New Hampshire , USA .
Cadila Pharmaceuticals Limited is an Indian multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , founded in 1951 with a mission to make affordable healthcare for humanity .
The Gulf Organization for Industrial Consulting ( GOIC ) is a market research organization headquartered in Doha , Qatar whose activities involve preparing economic feasibility studies , researching socio - economic statistics , and promoting regional co - ordination between industrial institutions .
Tuxedo Source for Sports is a Canadian retailer of sports equipment , mainly hockey and bicycles , based in Calgary , Alberta .
CoTherix , Inc. was a biopharmaceutical company located in South San Francisco , California .
Cala Foods was a supermarket chain operating in San Francisco , California .
New York Restoration Project , a non - profit organization , is the private partner of Michael Bloomberg 's MillionTreesNYC campaign to plant one million new trees in New York City by 2015 .
Lithgows Limited , is a family - owned Scottish company that had a long involvement in shipbuilding , based in Kingston , Port Glasgow on the River Clyde in Scotland .
BandPage is a music startup based in San Francisco , California that produces the application BandPage , which powers over 500,000 artists ' Pages .
Charles - François Galand ( 1832 - -1900 ) was a French gunsmith who worked in Liege and Paris , France .
The corporation of A. Schaaffhausen'scher Bank Association ( German : A. Schaaffhausen'scher Bankverein ) was a bank based in Cologne and was the first joint stock company legally recognised as a bank in Germany .
Birds Jute and Export Limited ( BJEL ) is a Public Sector Undertaking ( PSU ) of the Government of India and is Headquartered in Kolkata , West Bengal .
Buquebus is an Argentine company that operates ferry services from Buenos Aires to Montevideo , Colonia and Piriapolis .
Kirkegaard Associates is an American acoustics design firm based in Chicago , Illinois , with an office in Denver , Colorado .
The Petrini 's market chain was established in San Francisco and run as a family owned business until 1989 , when it was sold to a large corporation , Provigo .
NTT Europe Ltd was founded in 1988 and has its headquarters in London , UK with branch offices in many European locations .
Hinari is based at Elstree office along with Bush and Grundig UK .
The Marine Toys for Tots Foundation , a 501(c)(3 ) not - for - profit public charity located in Triangle , Virginia , serves to fund , raise funds for , and support the program .
Hyundai Glovis Co. , Ltd. is a logistics company headquartered in Seoul , Korea and part of the Hyundai Kia Automotive Group .
Smule is an American mobile app developer headquartered in San Francisco .
Furness Building Society is a British building society , which has its headquarters in Barrow - in - Furness , Cumbria , England .
The London Youth Support Trust is a youth enterprise charity in the United Kingdom founded in 2000 to help young people from disadvantaged backgrounds .
Southern Scrap Recycling first open up in New Orleans , Louisiana in 1900 where the headquarters still remain .
The official name of the company is Sepanta Communication Development Co. This private company has been held in 2003 by providing dial - up Internet for home users in Tehran .
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p . A. ( INWIT ) is an Italian company headquartered in Milan .
Fairfax Financial is a financial holding company based in Toronto , Ontario , which is engaged in property , casualty , and life insurance and reinsurance , investment management , and insurance claims management .
Turner & Townsend plc is a construction and project management consultancy with headquarters in Leeds , United Kingdom .
Shuttleworth & Ingersoll P.L.C. is a law firm located in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Nuklonas ( PO Box M-5621 ) is a former military manufacturer of integrated circuits in Šiauliai , Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic .
Chronoswiss is a Swiss watch manufacturer based in Lucerne .
In 1984 , CP Ships entered a joint venture with Compagnie Maritime Belge called Canada Maritime to secure North Atlantic container traffic for its rail facilities at the Port of Montreal .
By 1968 there was a total of three stores trading , Putney , Croydon and Streatham , also in the same year Superdrug acquired its first distribution centre , which was situated in Wimbledon .
The Shearwater Aircraft Company is an airplane manufacturing corporation headquartered in Auckland , New Zealand .
Zoom Vacations is a gay travel provider based in the Chicago , Illinois , United States specializing in high - end group travel for gay men and lesbians .
Greenfield Advisors LLC is a real estate and business consulting firm headquartered in Seattle , Washington .
Girardin Minibus Inc. based in Drummondville , Quebec , Canada manufactures buses exclusively for the smaller Type A market ; these buses are based on chassis provided from Ford or General Motors .
Based in Dallas , Texas , Ritual Entertainment was formerly known as Hipnotic Interactive , during which period they began development of their signature video game SiN.
Dermalogica is an American personal care company headquartered in Carson , California .
It was renamed Türk Ticaret Bankası A.Ş in 1937 , and relocated its head office to Istanbul in 1952 .
TD Banknorth , formerly just Banknorth , was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Toronto - Dominion Bank which conducted banking and insurance activities , primarily serving the northeastern area of the United States , headquartered in Portland , Maine .
Equal Exchange is a for - profit Fairtrade worker - owned , cooperative headquartered in West Bridgewater , Massachusetts .
Turkey Party ( Türkiye Partisi , TP ) is a liberal conservative party in Turkey , which was founded on 25 May 2009 by Abdüllatif Şener in Çankaya , Ankara .
Started in 1973 by a small group of women in Toronto who wanted to produce books for Canadian children , the mandate broadened within a few years and Kids Can Press was creating books for kids around the world .
Swanson Health Products ( SHP ) is a natural health catalog and Internet marketing company headquartered in Fargo , North Dakota .
Pritt is a brand of adhesives , tapes , KidsArt , correction , and fixing products designed and marketed by Henkel , an international company with its headquarters in Düsseldorf , Germany .
Wizart Animation is a Russian computer animation studio headquartered in Voronezh , Russia .
The date of incorporation is listed as 1999 by Companies House of Gibraltar , who class it as a holding company ; however it is understood that SIMPLE Group 's business and trading activities date to the second part of the 90s , probably as an incorporated body .
Lyon & Lyon LLP was a Los Angeles - based law firm that specialized in domestic and international intellectual property law matters , with over 100 patent lawyers in six offices in California , New York , and Washington D.C.
In its Series A round , Voxy received $ 4.1 million in funding from investors including Weld North , New York City Investment Fund ( NYCIF ) , Seavest Inc. , Contour Venture Partners , and ff Venture Capital .
Adur and Worthing Councils refers to two local government bodies , Adur District Council and Worthing Borough Council , in West Sussex , England , who have operated under a joint management structure , with a single Chief Executive , since 1 April 2008 .
Founded in 2012 by Sebastian Diemer and Alexander Graubner - Müller , Kreditech is headquartered in Hamburg , Germany ; it particularly focuses its efforts on emerging markets .
Kronenbourg Brewery ( Brasseries Kronenbourg ) is a brewery founded in 1664 by Geronimus Hatt in Strasbourg ( Straßburg ) , Holy Roman Empire .
W. H. Malcolm Ltd ( trading as the Malcolm Group ) is a logistics company based in Linwood , Renfrewshire , Scotland .
Nextpoint is a privately held Chicago based technology company that develops and supports a cloud - based , software as a service , multi - tenant platform enabling corporations , governments and law firms to gain command of electronically stored information .
Tayo Rolls Limited ( formerly Tata - Yodogawa Limited ) is a metal fabrication and processing company headquartered in Jamshedpur , India and a subsidiary of Tata Steel .
PacifiCare Health Systems ( former NYSE symbol PHS ) was a Fortune 500 healthcare company based in Cypress , California .
Eaves Housing for Women ( Eaves ) is a charitable company based in London .
Ulster Savings Bank is a state - chartered mutual savings bank headquartered in Kingston , New York , with 14 branches located in the Hudson Valley counties of Ulster , Dutchess , and Greene .
In Australia , Transurban is the full owner of CityLink in Melbourne , which connects three of the city 's major freeways ; and has stakes in five tolled motorways in Sydney , and , in five of the six tolled motorways in Brisbane .
Under Armour 's global headquarters is located in Baltimore , Maryland with additional North American corporate office locations in Austin and Houston Tex .
Corexcel has one location : 201 Webster Building 3411 Silverside Road Wilmington , DE 19810
Acer Records is an independent record label , based in Hazel Grove , Greater Manchester , England , United Kingdom .
Reaxion Corp is a Seattle - based mobile game publishing company .
Covansys Corporation was a global consulting and technology services company , specializing in outsourcing of personnel and services , headquartered in Farmington Hills , Michigan .
Le Courrier d'Orient ( Courier of Orient ) was a French language newspaper that was published in Greece , first in Patras then in Aegina .
TopWare Interactive is a video game publisher and developer located in Karlsruhe , Germany .
Daxcon Engineering , Inc. , is a company headquartered in Bartonville , Illinois , that provides engineering and manufacturing consultation to the Defense & Aerospace , Mining & Construction , Automotive , Consumer Products , and Agriculture industries .
Kundu Special ( Bengali : কুন্ডু স্পেশ্যাল ) is a Kolkata based Bengali family owned Indian tour operator company that organizes railway - based tours all over India .
Marvin Glass and Associates ( MGA ) was a toy design and engineering firm based in Chicago .
Management Systems International ( MSI ) is an international development consulting firm based in Washington , D.C. and founded in 1981 by Marina Fanning and Larry Cooley .
Vulcanair is an Italian aircraft manufacturer based in Casoria near Naples .
Harry & David was founded in 1910 by Samuel Rosenberg in Medford , Oregon , as a premium fruit company .
Robbinex was founded in 1974 by Doug Robbins in Hamilton , Ontario but since then has expanded to include offices throughout Canada and the United States .
The Deutsche Oper am Rhein ( German Opera on the Rhine ) is an opera company based in Düsseldorf and Duisburg .
Actv S.p . A. ( Azienda del Consorzio Trasporti Veneziano ) is a public company responsible for public transportation in Venice and Chioggia municipalities and for interurban bus services in province of Venice .
It manages its research and development programs through a public company , Poultry CRC Ltd. The Poultry CRC is headquartered at the University of New England in Armidale , New South Wales , and has an extensive collaborative network comprising researchers , educators and support staff from its participating organisations .
Chandos Records is a British independent classical music recording company based in Colchester .
Cambia Health Solutions is a nonprofit health insurance corporation based in Portland , Oregon .
Sunday Communications Limited ( Former stock number : SEHK : 866,NASDAQ : SDAY ) was Hong Kong 's smallest mobile communication operator .
Teavana is a specialty tea and tea accessory retailer based in Atlanta , Georgia .
Meru Cabs is a taxi aggregator company based in Mumbai , India .
SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited ( Chinese : 數碼通 ) ( 0315.HK ) is a major telecommunications company , with operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Macau .
ArdShinBank , is an Armenian bank with headquarters in Yerevan .
Islamica is an Islamic company founded in Chicago , Illinois that sells apparel , accessories and media marketed towards Muslim youth and cultural fusion .
New York Times ' technology columnist David Pogue describes Zello 's channels , `` Like most of the best applications , Zello lets you create groups so that you can carry on something like a party - line phone call among a handful -- or hundreds -- of friends or collaborators . ''
The Staver was an American automobile manufactured at 76th and Wallace Streets in Chicago , Illinois , by the Staver Carriage Company from 1907 until 1914 .
HGGC is based in Palo Alto , California , and has over $ 2.4 billion of cumulative capital commitments .
The seat of the Riksdag is at Parliament House ( Swedish : Riksdagshuset ) , on the island of Helgeandsholmen in the central parts of Stockholm .
2 Sisters Food Group is a privately owned Birmingham , England - based food manufacturing company .
Time Bomb Recordings is a Laguna Beach , California based record label founded by artist manager Jim Guerinot in a 1994 joint - venture agreement with Arista Records .
The Christian Social People 's Party ( Luxembourgish : Chrëschtlech Sozial Vollekspartei , French : Parti populaire chrétien social , German : Christlich Soziale Volkspartei ) , abbreviated to CSV or PCS , is the largest political party in Luxembourg .
PSECU or the Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union is a credit union headquartered in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
The Gatineau River Yacht Club ( GRYC ) is located on Gatineau River in Chelsea , Quebec , Canada .
P. P. Werlein was an American music publisher based in New Orleans , Louisiana .
HeroCraft is a Russian video game developer and publisher headquartered in Kaliningrad and with offices in Saint Petersburg , Krasnodar , Donetsk and Novokuznetsk .
Türkiye Demiryolu Makinaları Sanayi A.Ş. or TÜDEMSAŞ is a rail car builder headquartered in Sivas , Turkey .
The Ryan Aeronautical Company was founded by T. Claude Ryan in San Diego , California in 1934 .
John Nosler sold the production facilities to his son in 1988 , and died at his home in Bend , Oregon , on 10 October 2010 .
Rockwell made numerous changes , including phasing out the Porter - Cable name , relocating the company 's base of operations to Jackson , Tennessee , and creating a lower end of power tools to compete with Black & Decker .
The Ten Thousand Villages headquarters is currently located in Akron , Pennsylvania .
Capital City Distribution was a Madison , Wisconsin - based comic book distributor which operated from 1980 to 1996 when they were acquired by rival Diamond Comics Distributors .
Platfora , Inc. is a big data analytics company based in San Mateo , California .
Rádio Clube do Mindelo is a local radio station in Cape Verde broadcast in the Portuguese language .
SoftMaker Software GmbH is a software company that produces office software and is located in Nuremberg , Germany .
Löwenbräu ( /ˈlɜrvənbrɔɪ/ ( without rhoticity ) , US /ˈloʊ.ənbraʊ/ ; German pronunciation : ( ˈløːvn̩bʁɔʏ ) ) is a brewery in Munich owned by Anheuser - Busch InBev .
The Black Fish is an international marine conservation organisation based in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Frey Wille GmbH & Co KG , usually branded as FREYWILLE , is an enamel jewellery manufacturer based in Vienna , Austria founded in 1951 .
The National Motor Vehicle Company was an American manufacturer of automobiles in Indianapolis , Indiana between 1900 and 1924 .
Today , Airbus Helicopters has four main plants in Europe ( Marignane and La Courneuve in France , and Donauwörth and Kassel in Germany ) , plus 32 subsidiaries and participants around the world , including those in Brisbane , Australia , Albacete , Spain and Grand Prairie , USA .
Canwest Global Communications Corporation , which operated under the corporate brand Canwest , was a major Canadian media company based in Winnipeg , Manitoba , with its head offices at Canwest Place .
Merchandize Liquidators has two warehouses in Miami Gardens , Florida , and a warehouse solutions company in North Carolina .
PowerGenix is a San Diego - based company developing rechargeable batteries , Nickel - zinc ( NiZn ) and recycling batteries .
Rabobank ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈraːboːbɑŋk ) ; full name : Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. ) is a Dutch multinational banking and financial services company headquartered in Utrecht , the Netherlands .
Ventions , LLC is a launch vehicle development company based out of San Francisco , California , that has been working to develop pump - fed , liquid bipropellant propulsion engines for DARPA and NASA .
Somali Energy Company ( SECO ) is a private energy firm based in Mogadishu , Somalia .
Golden Emperor International Ltd. or commonly known as GeIL is a manufacturer of computer hardware components , based in Taipei , Taiwan with focus in DRAM and flash based memory products since 1993 .
FXpansion is a company that develops music software , and was founded in 1999 in London , United Kingdom .
Sigma Kappa ( ΣΚ ) is a sorority founded in 1874 at Colby College in Waterville , Maine .
The California Film Commission ( CFC ) was founded in 1985 by then California Governor George Deukmejian to act in an economic development capacity for the state .
Ormskirk School is a secondary comprehensive in West Lancashire , England , created in September 2001 by the amalgamation of two schools in Ormskirk --
The Arctic Corsair ( H320 ) is a deep - sea trawler that was converted to a museum ship in 1999 .
The Black Sash was a non - violent white women 's resistance organization founded on 19 May 1955 in South Africa by Jean Sinclair , Ruth Foley , Elizabeth McLaren , Tertia Pybus , Jean Bosazza , and Helen Newton - Thompson .
Steel Seal is an Italian Neoclassical Power Metal band that formed in 2003 by guitar player and main songwriter , Marco Valerio Zangani ( Sacer Tiber ) , and vocalist Bruno Baudo , bassist Roberto Fasciani and the keyboardist Adriano Rossi .
Aqua Books Lansdowne Prize for Poetry / prix Lansdowne de poésie , established in 2007 , is awarded annually to the best full length adult book of poetry in either French or English by a resident of Manitoba , Canada .
The Order of Christ Sophia ( OCS ) is an organization that was founded in 1999 and went through a major reorganization in 2012 .
Penola Catholic College is the result of the amalgamation in 1995 of three Catholic secondary schools - Therry College , Geoghegan College and Sancta Sophia College .
Be'er Ora was founded in 2001 as part of a program to populate the Arava and to bring people from central Israel to the Negev , which was determined to be a preferred place for new settlement .
ABN Andhra Jyothi is a Telugu news channel which was launched on 15 October 2009 from the stable of the Telugu daily --
Founded in 1961 by three friends ( painter Desmond Knox - Leet , set designer Yves Coueslant , and Christiane Gautrot , who was working in an architecture firm ) , Diptyque originally produced printed fabrics , but in 1963 they introduced a line of scented candles which eventually became the focus of their business .
The former Ogden Air Logistics Center was re - designated as the Ogden Air Logistics Complex on 12 July 2012 .
In 1999 the old G. Heileman Brewing Company 's former brewery buildings in La Crosse were bought by a group of investors who founded the City Brewing Company .
Keystone State Skinheads was founded in late 2001 by five men from Harrisburg , PA .
The Edinburgh Medal is a scientific medal given at the Edinburgh Science Festival since 1989 .
Lehigh County Historical Society is a nonprofit organization , founded in 1904 , dedicated to collecting , preserving , and exhibiting the history of Lehigh County , Pennsylvania and the Lehigh Valley .
The 19th Algerian Parachute Battalion ( Fr : 19e bataillon de parachutistes algériens ) was a French paratroop battalion formed in French Algeria in 1950 .
Fort Knocks Entertainment is an American East Coast hip hop and R&B record label founded in 2004 by record producer , Just Blaze .
Life 's Blood was a hardcore punk band formed by four first year college students in New York City in 1987 .
OK Soda was a soft drink created by The Coca - Cola Company in 1993 that aggressively courted the Generation X demographic with unusual advertising tactics , including endorsements and even outright negative publicity .
Likhoslavl developed on the spot where localities of Ostashkovo ( Осташково , founded in 1624 ) and Likhoslavl ( first mentioned in the early 19th century ) once stood .
Destroy ! was an American crust punk band from Minneapolis from 1988 to 1994 .
Ingles began in 1963 when Robert P. Ingle opened its first location in Asheville , North Carolina .
Tiger Racing ( Tiger Sportscars ) is a kit car manufacturer , formed as Tiger Cars Ltd in London in 1989 by Jim Dudley .
CS Balotești is a Romanian football club from Balotești , Ilfov County founded in 2006 .
The Venice Marathon ( Italian : Maratona di Venezia ) is a marathon road race that has been held each year in Venice since 1986 , usually in October .
Blonde Redhead is an alternative rock band composed of Kazu Makino ( vocals , rhythm guitar ) and twin brothers Simone and Amedeo Pace ( drums and lead guitar / vocals , respectively ) that formed in New York City in 1993 .
Capone - N - Noreaga ( also known as C - N - N ) is an American hip hop duo formed in 1995 , from Queens , New York City , New York .
The Swing Sisters originally was formed to take part in the musical Swing Sisters in Denmark in the autumn of 1992 .
The Association of British Counties ( ABC ) is a non - party - political society formed in 1989 by television personality Russell Grant to promote the historic counties of the United Kingdom .
Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport is an Australian motor racing team , established late in 2009 , which competes in V8 Supercars .
Brick Mower ( sometimes stylized brick mower ) are a punk rock band formed in 2009 in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
The Pete Walter Band are a pop group formed by the singer and songwriter Pete Walter in 2009 .
The first Maramfest was held on 16 January 2009 at Helipad Ground , Maram Centre , .
CSTVT began in 2009 under the name Castevet .
Cal Air International was initially conceived in early 1982 after the sudden demise of Laker Airways which had left a large gap in the UK Inclusive tour / charter market .
It was founded in 1943 and incorporated as a nonprofit association in 1981.PEN Center USA incorporated as a non - profit organization in 1981 .
Saint Brendan 's College is a Christian Brothers secondary school founded in 1956 , and located in Woodbrook , Bray , Dún Laoghaire--
`` Woodchopper 's Ball '' , also known as `` At the Woodchopper 's Ball '' is a 1939 jazz composition by Joe Bishop and Woody Herman .
The co - creator of the now popular netbook , Xandros was founded in May 2001 by Linux Global Partners ( Will Roseman and Dr. Frederick Berenstein ) , the company is headquartered in New York City .
Ocean View Hills School opened in temporary buildings in 2001 with a capacity of about over 1,000 students students .
The Crown Estate now is a statutory corporation run on commercial lines by the Crown Estate Commissioners under the provisions of the Crown Estate Act 1961 .
The Chicago Mosaic School was founded in 2005 by mosaic artist Karen Ami .
The Democratic Patriotic Alliance of Kurdistan ( DPAK ) sometimes referred to simply as the Kurdistan Alliance ( KA ) is the name of the electoral coalition first presented as a united Kurdish list in the January 2005 election in Iraq .
Sociological Association of Aotearoa ( New Zealand ) ( SAANZ , or SAA(NZ ) ) was established in February 1988 from the transformation of the New Zealand Sociological Association , a branch of the Sociological Association of Australia and New Zealand ( SAANZ ) .
Official permission of Incheon Science High School foundation 1 March 1994 :
Oceania Cruises was founded in 2002 by luxury cruise industry veterans Joe Watters and Frank Del Rio , the latter being the former vice president of Renaissance Cruises .
The Cockburn Association ( Edinburgh 's Civic Trust ) is one of the world 's oldest architectural conservation and urban planning monitoring organisations , founded in 1875 .
The Pontifical Equestrian Order of St. Gregory the Great ( Latin : Ordo Sancti Gregorii Magni , Italian : Ordine di San Gregorio Magno ) was established on 1 September 1831 , by Pope Gregory XVI , seven months after his election to that seat by the College of Cardinals .
The Reichsuniversität Straßburg ( RUS ) was founded 1941 by the National Socialists in Alsace , annexed to Nazi Germany , while the regular University of Strasbourg had moved to Clermont - Ferrand since 1940 .
Musica a Palazzo is a cultural association of classical musicians who , since 2005 , have produced opera performances staged in the Palazzo Barbarigo Minotto , a Venetian Gothic palace facing the Grand Canal .
Kanbar Entertainment is an independent film production studio founded by private investor Maurice Kanbar and Disney animation veteran Sue Bea Montgomery in 2002 .
The Kosovo Police has grown steadily since 1999 , and in 2004 reached its planned full size of nearly 7,000 officers .
In 1985 , it was granted full university status , and was renamed Kenyatta University .
The Bluescasters is an American , Michigan - based blues band formed in 2004 in Ann Arbor , Michigan , United States , who play in a style somewhat reminiscent of the Allman Brothers ' Trouble No More .
Established in 1993 after the Queensland Government purchased Diamantina Lakes Station in 1992 and gazetted the property as a national park with an area of 507,000 ha ( 1,250,000 acres ) , Diamantina National Park received an award in March 2007 from the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) for being among the top 10 reserves of the decade .
National Sorry Day is an annual event that has been held in Australia on 26 May , since 1998 , to remember and commemorate the mistreatment of the country 's indigenous population .
31 G Records , or Three One G , is a San Diego , California based independent record label , started by hardcore musician Justin Pearson in 1994 .
Tipe - X is a ska band formed in Jakarta , Indonesia in 1995 .
Richer Unsigned was set up by Julian Richer in association with Q magazine in 2014 as a not for profit organisation with the aim of supporting all musicians who may be just getting started , have been in the industry a while or simply do n't have a great label deal .
18 April 1988 Many political , logistical , administrative and most of all financial hurdles had to be overcome before the official foundation of Luxembourg Air Rescue ( LAR A.s.b.l . )
AppDynamics was founded in 2008 by Jyoti Bansal , a former lead software architect at Wily Technologies , a provider of application performance management technology .
In September 2010 , the five - star Lotte Hotel Moscow opened its doors for guests .
The Military Museum of the Legion was established in 1940 to celebrate the Spanish Legion .
Lonely Crowd has existed in different forms since 1995 , when singer Stig Jakobsen left the wildly eccentric Vampire State Building and immediately formed the band , with former members of De Press and Holy Toy .
The Church of Euthanasia ( also known as CoE ) is a religious organization founded by Reverend Chris Korda and Pastor Kim ( Robert Kimberk ) in the Boston , Massachusetts area of the United States Of America in 1992 .
The Iraqi National Accord ( Arabic : الوفاق الوطني العراقي Al - Wifaq Al - Watani Al-'Iraqi ) known inside Iraq as Wifaq is an Iraqi political party founded by Iyad Allawi and Salah Omar al - Ali in 1991 .
The Music were an English alternative rock band , formed in Kippax , Leeds in 1999 .
THAI Airways has its origins in 1960 as a joint venture between Scandinavian Airlines ( SAS ) , which held a 30 percent share of the new company valued at 2 million Thai baht , and Thailand 's domestic carrier , Thai Airways Company ( Thai : เดินอากาศไทย ) .
MSD Capital was formed in 1998 to manage the wealth of Michael Dell and his family .
WLTO originally signed on the air in 1988 as a Urban Contemporary outlet with the call letters WCKU ( U102 ) , but by the early 1994 they would flip to Classic Rock as WLRO , only to switch directions to oldies as WLTO .
Once just the vision of four UVa students in the winter of 1988 , the Sil'hooettes are now the most award - winning women 's group at UVa and continue to be one of the premier women 's groups in the country .
Accelerated Christian Education is an American educational products company founded in 1970 by Dr. Donald R. Howard which produces the Accelerated Christian Education ( ACE ) school curriculum .
Silent Orchestra was formed in 1998 to bring live music and sound design to classic and contemporary silent films .
Th ' Faith Healers were a UK indie rock group who were active between 1990 and 1994 and part of the so - called Camden lurch scene .
Overseas Containers Limited ( OCL ) was a container shipping company formed by a consortium of British shipping companies in 1965 .
The first Babetta mopeds to see the light of day in 1970 featured very large 23-inch wheels , but these were soon swapped out in favour of smaller 16-inch wheels .
Headquartered in the Silicon Valley , Zultys Technologies was founded by Ian Milnes in 2001 as a privately held company .
Mikroelektronika was founded in 1997 by Nebojša Matić , Serbian entrepreneur , owner and general manager .
The WPA World Eight - ball Championship ( W8BC ) was a professional eight - ball pocket billiards ( pool ) tournament held in Fujairah , United Arab Emirates , since 2004 till 2012 .
3 G Capital is a Brazilian multibillion - dollar global investment firm , founded in 2004 by principals Jorge Paulo Lemann , Carlos Alberto Sicupira , Marcel Herrmann Telles and Roberto Thompson Motta .
The Cover Girls began its musical career in 1986 , at a time when other American and British girl groups such as Exposé , Bananarama , Seduction , Sweet Sensation and Company B were scoring hit singles on the pop and dance charts .
The MLB Japan All - Star Series is a set of games played since 1986 between All - Star teams from North America 's Major League Baseball ( MLB ) and Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) , except 2014 , where the Japanese national team competed against the MLB All - Stars .
HubSpot was founded by Brian Halligan and Dharmesh Shah out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2006 .
Founded in 2003 , Petrohawk grew rapidly through mergers and acquisitions .
Nokas Cash Handling was established in 2001 , when services previously provided by the Bank of Norway and several individual banks were taken over by a third party .
Devil Sold His Soul are an ambient influenced metalcore band from London , formed in 2004 and signed to Basick Records .
Founded in 1997 , Cincinnati Public Theatre was a professional theatre company in Cincinnati , Ohio dedicated to producing `` edgy '' and challenging works such as the plays of Nicky Silver and Robert Schenkkan 's dramatic marathon , The Kentucky Cycle .
The President , Directors and Company , of the Bank of the United States , commonly known as the First Bank of the United States , was a national bank , chartered for a term of twenty years , by the United States Congress on February 25 , 1791 .
Hallingskarvet National Park ( Norwegian : Hallingskarvet nasjonalpark ) is a national park in central Norway that was established by the government on 22 December 2006 .
Mashable was created by Pete Cashmore from his home in Aberdeen , Scotland , in July 2005 .
Legend Production Holdings , LLC predecessor , Legend Natural Gas LP , was formed in 2001 by James A. Winne III and Michael Becci , serving as President and CEO and Vice President and CFO , respectively .
Tuareg militias of Ghat are ethnic Tuareg tribal militias , operating in West Libya desert areas during the Libyan Crisis ( 2011-present ) .
Frosthardr is a Norwegian Christian unblack metal band , formed in 1997 .
The Spokane Spokes were a minor league professional ice hockey team that operated from 1958 - 1960 in the Western Hockey League .
National Resource Centre for Free / Open Source Software ( NRCFOSS ) is an organisation created and financed in India by the Department of Information Technology , Ministry of Communication and Information Technology , Government of India in April 2005 .
The Geffen Award is an annual literary award given by the Israeli Society for Science Fiction and Fantasy since 1999 , and presented at the Annual Science Fiction and Fantasy Convention , ICon Festival .
Named after its founder , the company was established in 1984 when James Currey , originally from South Africa , left his position at Heinemann Educational Books to set up an Africa - focused publisher .
By 1981 , the centralized system became too burdensome and the decision was made to re - establish the three separate institutions : the University of Kinshasa , Kisangani University , and the University of Lubumbashi .
The June Movement ( Danish : JuniBevægelsen ) was a Danish eurosceptic political organisation founded 23 August 1992 .
The United Alignment of Nationalists ( Greek : Ηνωμένη Παράταξις Εθνικοφρόνων ) was a right - wing political alliance in Greece formed to contest the 1946 elections .
Nine Pound Hammer is an American cowpunk band formed in 1985 by vocalist Scott Luallen and guitarist Blaine Cartwright ( later of Nashville Pussy ) in their hometown of Owensboro , Kentucky .
Finnwatch started operating November 1 , 2002 as a cooperation project of some civic organisations and trade unions .
Matra BAe Dynamics was formed in August 1996 by merger of half the missile business of Matra Defense of France and BAe Dynamics ( a division of British Aerospace ) of the UK and was Europe 's largest manufacturer of missiles and UAVs .
JazzKamikaze ( established 2005 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is an award winning Contemporary jazz band with members from Denmark , Norway and Sweden , known for a series of albums and appearances on international jazz festivals like the North Sea Jazz Festival and Moldejazz .
Spokane Shine is an American women 's soccer team , founded in 2010 in the city of Spokane .
The State Basketball League was founded in 1989 and was the brain - child of the then CEO of BWA , Alan Marshall .
The Nikon F5 is a 35 mm film - based single - lens reflex camera body manufactured by Nikon from 1996 through 2004 .
A. Korkunov ( Russian : А.Коркунов ) is a luxury chocolate maker in Russia , founded in 1999 by two entrepreneurs , Andrey Korkunov and Sergey Lyapuntsov .
Sunscreem released a 12 `` promo of ' ' Love U More `` on the Sony Soho Square record label in 1991 , a song that went on to spend two weeks at # 1 on the U.S. Dance chart in March 1993 .
The Nikon D90 is a 12.3-megapixel digital single - lens reflex camera model announced by Nikon on August 27 , 2008 .
Street Dogs are an American punk rock band from Boston , MA , formed in 2002 by former Dropkick Murphys singer Mike McColgan .
Natural Resources Wales ( Welsh : Cyfoeth Naturiol Cymru ) is a Welsh Government sponsored body , which became operational from 1 April 2013 , when it took over the management of the natural resources of Wales .
Art of Anarchy is an American hard rock supergroup formed in 2011 .
Anesrif was founded by the government of Algeria on 20 July 2005 , in order to plan and invest in the expansion and modernisation of the country 's railways , under the supervision of the Minister of Transport .
Alcorn McBride was founded in Southern California in 1986 by Steve Alcorn , an engineer who worked on Epcot and served as vice president of engineering for Linn Electronics , an electronic musical instrument manufacturer .
Office of Future Plans is a music project that was started in 2009 by J. Robbins , the former bassist of Government Issue and frontman / guitarist of Jawbox , Burning Airlines and Channels .
In June 2014 , the Ottawa Champions team name was announced followed by the unveiling of the team logo that August .
Soulcage are a heavy metal band formed in Helsinki , Finland in 1999 .
Aeolian Airlines was founded in February 2011 , and commenced operations in March 2011 with a single McDonnell Douglas MD-83 .
In 1045 Emperor Henry III granted Schänis Abbey royal immunity and free election of its abbesses .
Daybehavior is a Swedish indie - pop trio , founded in Stockholm , in 1993 by Tommy Arell , Paulinda Crescentini and Carl Hammar .
Wales Centre for Health ( Canolfan Iechyd Cymru in Welsh ) is a statutory organisation established on 1 April 2005 , under the Health ( Wales ) Act 2003 , as a Welsh Assembly Sponsored Public Body .
The New Swears was formed in 2012 in Ottawa , Ontario and is comprised of brothers Beej Eh and Sammy J. Scorpion , Nick Nofun , and Scru Bar .
The Newbery Medal was inaugurated in 1922 , considering books published in 1921 .
The Marine Corps Security Guard Ribbon is a Marine Corps military award that was established by order of Secretary of the Navy John Howard Dalton on July 15 , 1997 .
The Negros Slashers also known as the RCPI - Negros Slashers was a professional basketball team in the Metropolitan Basketball Association from 1998 to 2002 .
Lucilectric was a German pop / rock duo founded in 1993 by Luci van Org and producer Ralf Goldkind .
Baltos lankos ( literally : white plains originating from a popular folk riddle white plains , black sheep ) , founded in 1992 , is a Lithuania - based publishing house specializing in the humanities and literature .
In 1994 , Country Leather opened its own shop in Redondo Beach , California and Ugg Holdings began sourcing ugg boots directly from Jackson 's , who had changed their name to EMU Australia when surf veteran Andrew Raggett took over ownership of the company .
Gatas Parlament started out in 1993 , taking the name Kveldens Høydepunkt ( Highlight of the Evening ) .
Created in 1997 , the MadHatters are the first established a cappella group on the UW - Madison campus .
Brussels Jazz Orchestra is a Belgian jazz orchestra with big band line up founded in 1993 by saxophonist and composer Frank Vaganée , Serge Plume , Marc Godfroid and Bo van der Werf .
The Advance Bank was an Australian bank that existed from 1985 until 1997 , when it merged with St George Bank .
Fox Life Greece is a television network , launched by the Fox International Channels , which launched on 1 December 2008 and is currently available to the subscribers of NOVA Greece , OTE TV and Cyta TV .
I.P. Mission High School Jhalod was established by Irish missionary Dr. Jean Shaom in 1987 .
Shamrock Holdings Inc. was founded in 1978 as an investment company by Roy E. Disney .
Guylian ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ' ɡilijan ) ) is a Belgian chocolate manufacturer founded by Guy Foubert in 1960 .
Bob Forbes Racing was an Australian motor racing team that competed in the Australian Touring Car Championship between 1988 and 1993 .
Chloride Group was founded in 1891 as The Chloride Electrical Syndicate Limited to manufacture batteries .
Exodus Global Alliance was formed out of Exodus International in 2004 .
Dead Swans is an English hardcore punk band from Brighton , formed in 2006 .
The Golden Centennaires were a Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) aerobatic flying team that performed in 1967 , the Canadian Centennial year .
The college began as the Ilkeston College of Further Education on 14 September 1953 , the official opening ceremony took place on 25 June 1954 , the college became South East Derbyshire College of Further Education in 1966 .
Metropolitan University Prague ( Czech : Metropolitní univerzita Praha ) is a private university in the Czech Republic founded in 2001 as the University of Public Administration and International Relations .
The Shops at Columbus Circle is an urban shopping mall in the Time Warner Center in Manhattan , New York City -- a complex of skyscrapers that was completed in 2003 .
The Swiss Bowl is the annual national championship game in the sport of American football in Switzerland , first held in 1986 .
Hamster Theatre was formed by multi - instrumentalists Dave Willey and Jon Stubbs in 1993 .
The station that is now KDGS was assigned a construction permit for 93.9 FM on July 23 , 1993 , and issued as KOAS .
The CUNY Aviation Institute ( AI ) at York College , City University of New York , United States was established in 2003 by a grant from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to promote education and research for the aviation industry .
Infineon Technologies AG is a German semiconductor manufacturer founded on 1 April 1999 , when the semiconductor operations of the parent company Siemens AG were spun off to form a separate legal entity .
The University of Warwick Science Park ( also known as UWSP and Warwick Science Park ) was one of the first university based science parks in the United Kingdom when it was opened by the Rt . Hon . Margaret Thatcher in 1984 .
United Dairy Farmers ( UDF ) is an American chain of shops offering ice cream and other dairy products started by Carl Lindner , Sr . and his children , Carl , Jr. , Robert , Richard and Dorothy , in 1938 .
Myxer was a streaming internet radio company founded in Deerfield Beach , Florida in 2005 .
Nirvan Mullick and Harley Cross founded the Imagination Foundation in 2012 inspired by the viral global response to Mullick 's short film , `` Caine 's Arcade '' .
The Panathinaikos Movement ( Greek : Παναθηναικό Κίνημα ) is a Greek political party , founded in 2012 .
Tealium is an American company founded in 2008 in San Diego , California that sells enterprise tag management and marketing software .
The Kyrgyz Trans Avia fleet is the following aircraft ( as of April 2012 ) : 1 Airbus A300B4 ( operated for Mahan Air ) 1 Airbus A310 - 300 ( operated for Mahan Air ) As of May 19 , 2009 , the average fleet age is 18.5 years .
The Excellence League ( a.k.a . E9 League ) ( simplified Chinese : 卓越联盟 ; traditional Chinese : 卓越聯盟 ; pinyin : Zhuóyuè Liánméng ) is an alliance of 10 Chinese universities established in 2010 .
The Coalition for Comprehensive Immigration Reform ( CCIR ) , also known as CCIR / NAOC or New American Opportunity Campaign is a non - profit immigrant rights advocacy organization based in Washington , DC , established in 2003 to pass comprehensive immigration reform .
Max Design was founded in 1991 by the brothers Albert Lasser and Martin Lasser together with Wilfried Reiter .
A Thousand Horses is an American country music group formed in 2010 in Nashville , Tennessee .
Valitor was founded in 1983 by five banks and thirteen savings banks under the name Visa Iceland .
ACOLOP ( acronym for Associação dos Comités Olímpicos de Língua Oficial Portuguesa ; English : Association of the Portuguese Speaking Olympic Committees ) , is an Olympic - related non - profit organisation officially established on June 8 , 2004 , in Lisbon .
The original Angelika Film Center & Café opened in New York City 's NoHo neighborhood in 1989 .
The Hague Jazz is an annual jazz festival held since 2006 in the World Forum Convention Center in The Hague .
Run the Jewels is an American hip hop supergroup formed by New York City - based rapper - producer El - P and Atlanta - based rapper Killer Mike in 2013 .
The Prix Combourg - Chateaubriand is a French literary award founded in 1998 by Herve Louboutin , Philippe de Saint Robert and Sonia de La Tour du Pin .
The New Symphony Orchestra was founded in 1991 in Sofia , Bulgaria by the music critic Julia Hristova as an alternative to the existing Bulgarian musical institutions ( which had been financially supported and controlled by the state until the fall of Communism in 1989 ) .
The Hammond Clock Company of Chicago , Illinois , produced electric clocks between 1928 and 1941 .
Darius Films is a film and television production founded in 1996 .
Fort Hope are a British rock band formed in 2013 after the disbandment of electronic rock band My Passion in 2012 .
Salt the Wound is an American deathcore band from Cleveland , Ohio , formed in 2001 .
Founded in the summer of 1997 , FutureSource.com was an information and analysis provider for the metals markets , providing users with real - time quotes and news displays to charting , technical analysis and options analysis and simulation .
Woodfest Wales ( Welsh : Gŵyl Coed Cymru ) is an annual wood carving event that was first held on 8 - -9 June 2002 in St Asaph , and attracted more than 18,000 visitors in 2004 .
AirTouch Communications was a U.S .- based wireless telephone service provider , created as a spin - off on Pacific Telesis on April 1 , 1994 .
The brand OMORÉ was introduced in 2009 .
The Euro Pop Contest ( German : Euro Pop Contest `` Berliner Perle '' ) , often shortened to Euro Pop or EPC , is an annual song competition for young people held in Berlin , Germany by the non - profit organization Music , Accuracy and Veranstaltulgen eV since 2003 .
Cold Meat Industry was a Swedish independent record label established in 1987 , which specializes in Dark ambient , Death Industrial , Noise music and Neo - Classical .
The Kentucky Thoroughblades were a minor professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League , who existed from 1996 to 2001 .
It is the result of the merger , on 1 January 2015 , of the communes of Saint - Offenge - Dessous and Saint - Offenge - Dessus .
Feiyr is a digital music distribution service founded in 2005 .
Since their foundation on 2 March 1914 Enköpings SK has participated mainly in the middle and upper divisions of the Swedish football league system .
TV 2 Zulu is a Danish television station which started broadcasting on 15 October 2000 .
Bergamot Station held its official opening on September 17 , 1994 .
Balsam Range is a bluegrass and acoustic music group founded in 2007 in Haywood County , N.C. They are the 2014 IBMA `` Entertainer of the Year '' recipients as well as the 2014 IBMA `` Vocal Group of the Year '' winners .
Real Ones also known as Reelones , is a Folk / rock band from Bergen , Norway , which was formed in 1994 when the members were 14 and 15 years of age .
The Burji dynasty ( Arabic : المماليك البرجية‎ ) was a Circassian Mamluk dynasty which ruled Egypt from 1382 until 1517 , during the Mamluk Sultanate .
Always Active Technologies ( AAT ) is a Wireless Application Service Provider ( WASP ) established in August 2001 and based in Durban , South Africa .
Jacob Rothschild left the Board of N M Rothschild & Sons and took sole control of the Rothschild Investment Trust , which he renamed `` RIT Ltd. '' In 1988 , Jacob Rothschild transformed RIT Ltd. into a publicly traded investment trust with the name `` RIT Capital Partners plc . ''
Baltimore Heritage , Inc. was founded in 1960 , and is Baltimore 's nonprofit and historical preservation organization .
R - Mall is a mall situated in Mulund and Thane , a suburb of Mumbai , India was opened in 2003 .
At the direction of Air Marshal Sir George Jones , the RAAF Museum was formed in 1952 and fell under the administration of Headquarters Point Cook until 1988 when it became a separate unit of the RAAF .
Sun Red Sun was an American heavy metal supergroup active from 1992 - -1993 .
The Human Rights Data Analysis Group was founded in September 2002 by Patrick Ball as a part of the Science and Human Rights Program within the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
The Harvey Lee Ross House is a two - story frame , side - gabled house built in approximately 1858 on the farm of Harvey Lee Ross near Vermont , Illinois .
Empire Orienteering Club ( EMPO ) was founded in 1987 to promote the sport of orienteering and develop suitable maps in the Capital District of New York State .
Ansan OK Savings Bank Rush & Cash ( Korean : 안산 OK저축은행 러시앤캐시 ) is a South Korean professional volleyball team founded in 2013 .
The North - Western Provinces succeeded the Ceded and Conquered Provinces and existed in one form or another from 1836 until 1902 , when it became the Agra Province within the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh ( or U.P. ) .
The Butte Daredevils were a basketball team in the Continental Basketball Association that played from 2006 to 2008 .
The Starkey International Institute for Household Management , commonly known as Starkey and nicknamed Butler Boot Camp , is a vocational school for Household Manager butlers founded in 1990 by Mary Louise Starkey and based in a Georgian - style mansion in Denver , Colorado , United States .
The first Pittsburgh Fashion Week was held in 2010 , with events held in Heinz History Center and the Omni William Penn Hotel .
Lloyd and Mary Anderson founded REI in Seattle , Washington in 1938 .
Euroblast Festival is a progressive metal music festival , staged in Cologne , Germany since 2008 .
During the recording for the 1995 season , Michael Rhein ( alias Das letzte Einhorn , engl . `` The Last Unicorn '' ) found the project name `` In Extremo , '' Latin for `` At The Edge . ''
Kids in Jazz ( established 2012 in Norway ) is an international jazz festival where children perform .
The National Security Network was founded in 2006 by counter - terrorism expert and two - decade White House veteran Rand Beers .
The Granadine Confederation ( Spanish : Confederación Granadina ) was a short - lived federal republic established in 1858 as a result of a constitutional change replacing the Republic of New Granada .
In 1840 , it was decided to once again split Holland into North and South Holland , because the province of Holland was deemed too dominant in area , population and wealth .
The Berlin Sluggers , officially named `` Sluggers eV Berlin '' , is a baseball club founded on October 1 , 1985 in Berlin , Germany , making it the oldest baseball club in Berlin .
Dead Heavens is a New York - based blues rock band formed in 2015 .
The Scottish Green Party was created in 1990 when the former Green Party split into separate parties for Scotland , Northern Ireland , and England and Wales .
Bedwetters are an Estonian pop punk band formed in September 2004 .
Destiny Church Groningen is a neo - charismatic church denomination which was founded in 1992 in Groningen , the Netherlands , by Johan and Tessa Proost .
The Boys and Youth Choir of the P. Tchaikovsky National Music Academy of Ukraine The Choir was established in 2001 as an educational and artisticcollective sector practices of the P. Tchaikovsky National Music Academy of Ukraine .
The Birkenstock brand traces its roots to the Johann Adam Birkenstock , registered in 1774 as a `` vassal and shoemaker '' in local church archives in small Hessian village of Langen - Bergheim .
Focus Learning Trust was first formed in 2003 and has a head office in Warwick , England .
Wabtec Corporation ( derived from Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation ) is an American company formed by the merger of the Westinghouse Air Brake Company ( WABCO ) and MotivePower Industries Corporation in 1999 .
Normahl is a German punk band formed in 1978 in Winnenden near Stuttgart by four high school students .
Orange Business Services was founded on 1 June 2006 , through a rebranding and consolidation of the existing France Telecom businesses of Equant and Wanadoo .
Opened in 1836 by the Bristol , Clifton and West of England Zoological Society , Bristol Zoo is the world 's oldest provincial zoo .
On 31 December 2015 , the former commune of Dionay was merged into Saint - Antoine - l'Abbaye .
National Liberation Party of Unity ( Partai Persatuan Pembebasan Nasional , also known as PAPERNAS ) is an Indonesian left - wing party founded in 2006 by the merger of several smaller parties .
Khalifa Airways ( Arabic : الخطوط الجوية الخليفة‎ ) was a passenger and cargo airline based in Algiers , Algeria which was founded in June 1999 by Rafik Khalifa and ceased flying in 2003 .
On January 19 , 2010 , Groupe Serdy announced that it was ready to launch the channel in March , and on February 24 , Serdy unveiled the channel 's identity , including the channel 's new name ( Zeste ) , and programming to the media .
RecentChangesCamp was conceived at WikiSym 2005 as a way to replicate online wiki collaboration in the face - to - face world , using Open Space Technology , which enables participants to create the agenda on the fly , guaranteeing that all issues that participants were willing to take responsibility for were worked on to the extent possible .
University of Gour Banga ( Bengali : গৌড়বঙ্গ বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) is a university established in 2008 in Malda , West Bengal , India .
On 18 June 1958 , the first Foodtown supermarket of 1,400 square metres was opened on a 1.1-hectare site at Otahuhu .
Tahoe Air made its first flight to Los Angeles on June 25 , 1999 .
Waterlogic , founded in 1992 , is a designer , manufacturer and distributor of bottleless drinking water purification and dispensing systems .
On 17 April 1989 , Bao Youxiang 's armed forces announced their separation from the Burmese Communist Party , and formed the United Myanmar Ethnics Party , which later became the United Wa State Party .
Sylencer is an American thrash metal group from Chicago , Illinois , formed in 2006 by Markus Johansson ( vocals , guitar ) and Johnny Rox ( bass guitar ) .
The resulting resort , 9 Beaches , opened in April 2005 .
The Flint Firebirds are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) who began play during the 2015 - -16 season .
Carrier Air Wing Seven was originally commissioned 20 July 1943 at Naval Air Station Alameda , California , as Carrier Air Group Eighteen .
Brite Semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company founded in 2008 to develop custom ASIC design solutions to electronics customers worldwide .
Founded in 2003 , The Translation Project ( TTP ) is a nonprofit , nonpartisan 501 C 3 umbrella organization for bringing innovative Iranian - inspired ( Iranian Literature ) , ( Iranian Culture ) projects to audiences through literary and multimedia events .
On February 21 , 1975 , the settlements of Maklakovo and Novomaklakovo were merged into the new town of Lesosibirsk .
The movement was infused with a new radicalism when Santhal leader Shibu Soren formed the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha ( JMM ) in league with the Marxist co - ordination Committee in 1972 .
Limmen National Park , announced in 2012 , is the second largest in Australia covering 10,000 square kilometres ( 3,900 sq mi ) in the Northern Territory .
SV Mehring was formed on 13 December 1921 and played , for the most part of its history as a local amateur side .
Oklahoma Christian University ( OC ) is a private comprehensive coeducational Christian liberal arts university founded in 1950 by members of the Churches of Christ .
The Gorgeous were a Canadian metalcore band formed in the summer of 2003 in Montreal .
The Upper Harz National Park was established as part of GDR 's national park programme on 1 October 1990 , two days before the reunification of Germany , on the basis of a ministerial decision by the East German government .
Enthroned is a black metal band formed in Charleroi in 1993 by Cernunnos .
Vromb has been international active since 1992 .
The franchise started as the Eastern Kentucky Drillers and joined the Continental Indoor Football League in 2013 after playing their first two seasons as a charter member of the Ultimate Indoor Football League for its inaugural 2011 season .
Superheist are an Australian nu metal band , which formed in 1993 .
Duo Alterno 's made its debut in February 1997 at the Vancouver Italian Contemporary Music Festival , where it held concerts and masterclasses for the University of British Columbia , the Simon Fraser University and the Vancouver Academy of Music .
Point - Afrique was a short - lived French airline based in Niger , operating flights between France and North and West Africa on behalf of French tour operators , using leased aircraft between 2005 and 2006 .
The Société des alcools du Québec was created in 1921 under the name Commission des liqueurs du Québec .
Wannianquan Road Station ( Chinese : 万年泉路 ) is a station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 3 , which opened on 16 December 2015 .
Immudex is a Danish Reagents and Diagnostics company established in 2009 .
The Northern Storm Brigade ( Arabic : لواء عاصفة الشمال‎ , Liwa Asifat al - Shamal ) is a Syrian rebel group formed in 2011 and based in Azaz in northwestern Syria , near the border with Turkey .
PCJ Radio ( PCJ ) is a private international radio station and syndicator and relay service founded in 2008 and based in Taipei , producing and transmitting programs for local and international audiences .
Straight Lake State Park was established in 2002 , making it Wisconsin 's newest state park .
Christian Michelsen , a shipping magnate and statesman , and Prime Minister of Norway from 1905 to 1907 , played a central role in the peaceful separation of Norway from Sweden on 7 June 1905 .
Bardo State started producing in 2004 and their debut album Mariposa was released in 2008 .
The Young British Artists , or YBAs -- also referred to as Brit artists and Britart -- is the name given to a loose group of visual artists who first began to exhibit together in London , in 1988 .
Wilocity was a fabless semiconductor company based in California founded in 2007 developing 60 GHz multi - gigabit wireless chipsets for both the mobile computing platform and peripheral markets .
Samyang Optics Company Limited is a Korean company founded in 1972 , manufacturing optical equipment , CCTV and photographic accessories .
Punkt Ø AS is a Norwegian art institution founded in 2006 with Østfold county as largest shareholder .
Garissa University College was founded in 2011 as a constituent college of Moi University , in the facilities of the former Garissa Teachers Training College .
The Turkish Historical Society also known as Turkish Historical Association or Turkish History Foundation ( Turkish : Türk Tarih Kurumu , TTK ) is a research society studying the history of Turkey and the Turkish people , founded in 1931 by the initiative of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk , with headquarters in Ankara , Turkey .
The United Soccer Conference was an NCAA Division I conference founded in 2005 whose members competed in the sport of women 's soccer .
My Sister 's Machine was an American grunge band from Seattle , Washington , formed in 1989 .
Kälarne IK is a sports club in Kälarne , Sweden , established on 14 February 1920 .
World Tamil Movement ( WTM ) is a non - profit organization created in 1986 run by Canadians of ethnic Tamil heritage .
Islamabad Traffic Police is a `` model traffic police force '' formed under the Capital Territory Police in 2006 to `` bring a new and healthy change in the traffic system '' in Islamabad , the capital of Pakistan .
The Security Council Working Group on Children and Armed Conflict ( CAAC ) was introduced in July 2005 to recommend methods of protecting children impacted by armed conflicts .
On August 1 , 1927 , the uyezds were abolished , and Novosokolnichesky District was established , with the administrative center in the town of Novosokolniki .
The Detroit Cobras are an American garage rock band from Detroit , Michigan , formed in 1994 .
Gladstone Region came into being on 15 March 2008 as a result of the report of the Local Government Reform Commission released in July 2007 .
D'Arcy Broderick is a Newfoundland - Irish musician who plays fiddle , guitar , mandola , banjo , accordion and mandolin .
Tim Chandler ( born February 3 , 1960 ) is a bass guitar player , best known for his work with the rock bands Daniel Amos , The Swirling Eddies ( credited as Berger Roy Al ) and The Choir .
Minoru Muraoka ( Japanese : 村岡福夫 , born Muraoka Fukuo ; 1924 in Miyakonojo -- January 2 , 2014 ) was a popular Japanese shakuhachi player .
Buster Benton ( July 19 , 1932 -- January 20 , 1996 ) was an American blues guitarist and singer , who played guitar in Willie Dixon 's Blues All - Stars , and is best known for his solo rendition of the Dixon - penned song `` Spider in My Stew . ''
Sin Quirin is a two - time Grammy nominated guitar player from LA .
Jan Cober ( born 1951 ) is a Dutch conductor and clarinet player .
Claude Gordon , the `` King of Brass '' , was a trumpet virtuoso , band director , educator , lecturer , and author .
The 1941 Claude Thornhill piano composition `` Snowfall '' has been recorded and performed by the following artists :
John Horler began on piano at age six , and learned jazz from his father , a trumpeter .
Terry Cottam is a guitar player , composer and teacher , who has played with several various bands in his career .
Buddy Merrill ( born July 16 , 1936 ) , born Leslie Merrill Behunin , Jr. , is an American guitar player and musician , best known as a regular on The Lawrence Welk Show .
Old Man Luedecke is the recording name of two - time Juno Award - winning Canadian singer - songwriter and banjo player Chris Luedecke of Chester , Nova Scotia .
Henryk Jabłoński ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈxɛnrɨk jaˈbwɔɲskʲi ) ; 27 December 1909 -- 27 January 2003 ) was a Polish Socialist .
Romolo Murri ( Monte San Pietrangeli , 27 August 1870 -- Roma , 12 March 1944 ) was an Italian politician and ecclesiastic .
Šime Starčević ( April 18 , 1784 -- May 14 , 1859 ) was a Croatian priest and linguist .
Thích Nhất Hạnh ( /ˈtɪk ˈnjʌt ˈhʌn/ ; Vietnamese : ( tʰǐk ɲɜ̌t hɐ̂ʔɲ ) ; born as Nguyen Xuan Bao on October 11 , 1926 ) is a Vietnamese Buddhist monk , teacher , author , poet and peace activist .
Giuseppe Garampi ( 29 October 1725 -- 4 May 1792 ) was an Italian scholar and collector of documents and books .
Joonas Kokkonen ( pronunciation ) ( November 13 , 1921 -- October 2 , 1996 ) was a Finnish composer .
John Wallis ( 23 November 1616 -- 28 October 1703 ) was an English mathematician who is given partial credit for the development of infinitesimal calculus .
Johann Ludwig Uhland ( 26 April 1787 -- 13 November 1862 ) , was a German poet , philologist and literary historian .
Roberto Pacini ( born 1967 in Florence , Italy ) is an Italian director , author and theatre and film producer .
Giovanni Battista Guarini ( 10 December 1538 -- 7 October 1612 ) was an Italian poet , dramatist , and diplomat .
Ferdinando Palasciano ( June 13 , 1815 - November 28 , 1891 ) was an Italian physician and politician , considered one of the forerunners of the foundation of the Red Cross .
Mohammed Aziz Lahbabi ( born December 25 , 1922 , Fes , died on August 23 , 1993 , Rabat ) was a Moroccan philosopher , novelist and poet writing in Arabic and French .
Arnold Eucken ( 3 July 1884 -- 16 June 1950 ) was a German chemist and physicist .
María Elisa Camargo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maˈɾi.a eˈlisa kaˈmarɣo ) ; born December 21 , 1985 in Guayaquil , Ecuador ) is an Ecuadorian actress .
Iván Helguera Bujía ( Spanish pronunciation : ( iˈβan elˈɣera βuˈxija ) ; born 28 March 1975 ) is a Spanish retired footballer .
Thomas Hylland Eriksen ( born February 6 , 1962 ) is a Norwegian anthropologist .
Wolfgang Rosenthal ( 8 September 1882 -- 10 June 1971 ) was a German Oral surgeon .
Wojciech Belon ( born March 14 , 1952 in Kwidzyn - May 3 , 1985 in Kraków ) , also known as Wojtek Bellon , was a Polish poet , songwriter and folksinger .
Domenico Fontana ( 1543 -- 28 June 1607 ) was an Italian architect of the late Renaissance , born in today 's Ticino .
Nakul Chandra Bhuyan ( Assamese : নকুলচন্দ্ৰ ভূঞা ; 1895 - 1968 ) was an Assamese historian , playwright , essayist and a short story writer .
Jacques Heim ( 8 May 1899 -- 8 January 1967 ) was a French fashion designer and costume designer for theater and film , and was a manufacturer of women 's furs .
Cedric Price FRIBA ( 11 September 1934 -- 10 August 2003 ) was an English architect and influential teacher and writer on architecture .
Luigi Bartolini ( February 8 , 1892 -- May 16 , 1963 ) was an Italian painter , writer , and poet .
Ferdinand Rudio ( born August 2 , 1856 in Wiesbaden , died June 21 , 1929 in Zurich ) was a German and Swiss mathematician and historian of mathematics .
Rasul Gamzatovich Gamzatov ( Avar : ХӀамзатил Расул , IPA : ( ħamzatil rasul ) ; Russian : Расу́л Гамза́тович Гамза́тов ; IPA : ( rɐˈsul ɡɐmˈzatəvʲɪtɕ ɡɐmˈzatəf ) ; 8 September 1923 -- 3 November 2003 ) was probably the most famous poet writing in the Avar language .
Carlo Giorgio Garofalo ( 5 August 1886 -- 6 April 1962 ) was an Italian composer , conductor and organist .
José Eduardo Franco ( born 1969 , Ribeira Grande , Machico ) is a Portuguese historian , journalist , poet and essayist .
In addition , Ahmed Lutfi el - Sayed held positions such as the minister of education , the minister of interior , the director of the Arabic language assembly , a member of the senate , and the director of House of Books .
Erri De Luca ( born 1950 , Naples ) is an Italian novelist , translator and poet .
Henri - Paul Deyvaux - Gassier ( 1883 - -1951 ) was a French caricaturist and illustrator .
The Blessed Jean - Martin Moye ( written later in his life as Moyë ) was a French Catholic priest who was served as a missionary in China and was the founder of the Sisters of the Congregation of Divine Providence .
Piotr Michałowski ( July 2 , 1800 -- June 9 , 1855 ) was a Polish painter of the Romantic period , especially known for his many portraits , and oil studies of horses .
Paul - Émile Lecoq de Boisbaudran , also called François Lecoq de Boisbaudran ( 18 April 1838 -- 28 May 1912 ) , was a French chemist known for his discoveries of the chemical elements gallium , samarium and dysprosium .
Akshaya is a Tamil film actress , who has appeared in Tamil films .
Hu Qiuyuan ( Chinese : 胡秋原 ; pinyin : Hū Qiūyuán ; 11 June 1910 - 24 May 2004 ) is a Chinese author , educator and politician from Taiwan .
Leszek Podhorodecki ( 1934 -- December 7 , 2000 ) , was a Polish historian and writer .
Katharina Thalbach ( born 19 January 1954 in Berlin ) is a German actress and film director .
Léon Vaganay ( Saint - Étienne , 22 October 1882 - Vernaison , 30 March 1969 ) was a French Roman Catholic priest and biblical scholar .
Ludwig Hohl ( 9 April 1904 -- 3 November 1980 ) was a Swiss author writing in the German language .
Farkas Bolyai ( Hungarian : ( ˈfɒrkɒʃ ˈboːjɒi ) ; 9 February 1775 -- 20 November 1856 ; also known as Wolfgang Bolyai in Germany ) was a Hungarian mathematician , mainly known for his work in geometry .
Keiko Mukaide ( born 1954 in Tokyo ) is a Japanese artist who lives and works in the UK .
Klaus Mollenhauer ( 31 October 1928 -- 18 March 1998 ) is one of the most important German pedagogical theorists of the post - war era .
François Cyrille Grand'Eury ( 9 March 1839 , Houdreville -- 22 July 1917 , Malzéville ) was a French geologist , paleontologist and mathematics teacher .
Predrag Milošević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Предраг Милошевић ; Knjaževac , February 4 , 1904 -- January 4 , 1988 , Belgrade ) was a composer , conductor , pianist , pedagogue , and music writer .
Walt Wolfram ( born February 15 , 1941 ) is a sociolinguist at North Carolina State University , specializing in social and ethnic dialects of American English .
Giusto Gervasutti ( 17 April 1909 -- 16 September 1946 ) , was an Italian mountain climber , Alpini officer and skier .
Otto Skorzeny ( 12 June 1908 -- 5 July 1975 ) was an Austrian SS - Obersturmbannführer ( lieutenant colonel ) in the German Waffen - SS during World War II . After fighting on the Eastern Front , he accompanied the rescue mission that freed the deposed Italian dictator Benito Mussolini from captivity .
Frédéric - Auguste Demetz ( 1796 - -1873 ) was a French penal reformer and jurist .
Fritz Angst ( 10 April 1944 -- 2 November 1976 ) was a German - language Swiss author better known as Fritz Zorn .
Hansjürgen Matthies ( 6 March 1925 -- 22 August 2008 ) was a German pharmacologist and neuroscientist .
Arnold Cassola is a Maltese politician , an Associate Professor in Comparative Literature at the University of Malta and the author and editor of various books and academic papers .
Nasteh Dahir Farah ( born 1972 or 1973 , died June 7 , 2008 ) was a Somali reporter , and vice - president of the National Union of Somali Journalists .
Jürgen Roth ( born 1945 ) is a German publicist and investigative journalist .
Ignacio Rupérez Rubio ( October 17 , 1943 -- December 25 , 2015 ) was a Spanish diplomat , journalist , and writer .
Isabel Mundry ( born 20 April 1963 ) is a German composer .
Zoltán Gárdonyi ( 25 April 1906 -- 27 June 1986 ) was a Hungarian composer and musicologist .
Hans Leip ( 22 September 1893 -- 6 June 1983 ) , was a German novelist , poet and playwright , best remembered as the lyricist of Lili Marleen .
Marie - Gabrielle Capet ( 1761 - -1818 ) was a French Neoclassical painter .
Guillaume Fichet ( French : ( fiʃɛ ) ; 21 September 1433 -- c. 1480 ) was a French scholar who cooperated with Johann Heynlin to establish the first printing press in France in 1470 .
Zeev Sternhell ( Hebrew : זאב שטרנהל‎ , born 10 April 1935 ) is a Polish - born Israeli historian , political scientist , commentator on the Israeli--
Christina Ochoa ( born Cristina Ochoa Lopez , on January 25 of 1985 , in Barcelona , Spain ) is a Spanish actress , scientist and author .
Jerónimo Mihura ( 1902 - 1990 ) was a Spanish film director who made a number of documentary films .
Christopher Fifield ( born 1945 ) is an English conductor and classical music historian and musicologist based in London .
Jean - Jacques Becker is a French historian , born 14 May 1928 in Paris .
Victor Horta ( French : ( ɔʁta ) ; Victor , Baron Horta after 1932 ; 6 January 1861 -- 8 September 1947 ) was a Belgian architect and designer .
Sheryfa Luna ( born Chérifa Babouche ; 25 January 1989 ) is a French R&B singer born to an Algerian father and a French mother .
Jean Edith Camilla Läckberg Eriksson ( born August 30 , 1974 ) is a Swedish crime writer .
Juan Fernández Navarrete ( 1526 -- 28 March 1579 ) , or `` de Navarrete '' , called El Mudo ( The Mute ) , was a Spanish Mannerist painter , born at Logroño .
Christian Godard ( born March 24 , 1932 in Paris ) is a French comic artist and writer of the comic series Martin Milan for Tintin magazine .
Adrien Barthe ( born Grat - Norbert Barthe , June 7 , 1828 -- August 13 , 1898 ) was a French classical composer .
Ann Yearsley , née Cromartie ( 1753 - -1806 ) , was an English poet and writer .
Josep Mir i Llussà ( Spanish José Mir y Llussá , also José Mir y Lusa ) ( c. 1700 - -1764 ) was a Catalan composer , and maestro de capilla at Segovia , then Valladolid and Madrid .
Sir William Peter Griggs ( 1849 - -1920 ) was an English Member of Parliament for Ilford in north - east London .
Leiv Amundsen ( 30 May 1898 -- 25 June 1987 ) was a Norwegian librarian and philologist .
Roman Maciejewski ( 28 February 1910 in Berlin , Germany -- 30 April 1998 in Göteborg , Sweden ) , Polish composer .
Antoine Varillas ( 1624 - -1696 ) was a French historian , best known for his history of heresy .
Albert Viksten ( born 8 April 1898 in Vojen , Grangärde parish , Västernorrland , Sweden ) was a Swedish writer of the proletarian school .
Hans Christian Ørsted ( /ˈɜrstɛd/ ; Danish : ( hans kʰʁæsd̥jan ˈɶɐ̯sd̥ɛð ) ; often rendered Oersted in English ; 14 August 1777 -- 9 March 1851 ) was a Danish physicist and chemist who discovered that electric currents create magnetic fields , an important aspect of electromagnetism .
Georg von Frundsberg ( 24 September 1473 -- 20 August 1528 ) was a South German military and Landsknecht leader in the service of the Imperial House of Habsburg .
Alain Pompidou ( born April 5 , 1942 in Paris , France ) is a French scientist and politician .
Sir Benjamin Hobhouse , 1st Baronet ( 1757 - -1831 ) was an English politician .
Giorgio Pressburger ( born 1937 ) is an Italian writer of novels and short stories .
Vivian Naefe ( b. March 21 , 1953 in Hamburg ) is a German film director .
Valentina Pinelo was a Spanish poet and writer at the beginning of the 17th century , during the Spanish Golden Age of politics and culture .
Alberto Gasparini ( born January 13 , 1940 , in Modena , Italy ) is an Italian sociologist and professor of urban and rural sociology , of sociology of international relations and of techniques of forecasting .
Henri Cartier - Bresson ( French : ( kaʁtje bʁɛsɔ̃ ) ; August 22 , 1908 -- August 3 , 2004 ) was a French photographer considered the master of candid photography , and an early user of 35 mm film .
Francisco Luque Palma ( Santaella , Spain , 1948 ) is a Spanish sculptor .
George Julius Poulett Scrope FRS ( 10 March 1797 -- 19 January 1876 ) was an English geologist and political economist as well as a magistrate for Stroud in Gloucestershire .
Richard Bowdler Sharpe ( 22 November 1847 - 25 December 1909 ) was an English zoologist who worked as curator of the bird collection at the British Museum and published extensively on ornithology .
Alexandre Gustave Eiffel ( born Bonickhausen dit Eiffel ; /ˈaɪfəl/ ; French pronunciation : ​(efɛl ) ; 15 December 1832 -- 27 December 1923 ) was a French civil engineer and architect .
Lőrinc Szabó de Gáborján ( Hungarian : gáborjáni Szabó Lőrinc , pronounced ( ˈgaːborjaːni ˈsɒboː ˈløːrint͡s ) ; Miskolc , 31 March 1900 -- Budapest , 3 October 1957 ) was a Hungarian poet and literary translator .
Étienne Bazeries ( 21 August 1846 -- 7 November 1931 ) was a French military cryptanalyst active between 1890 and the First World War .
Johann Conrad Dippel ( August 10 , 1673 -- April 25 , 1734 ) was a German pietist theologian , alchemist and physician .
Charles de Gontaut , duc de Biron ( 1562 -- 31 July 1602 ) was a French soldier whose military achievements were accompanied by plotting to dismember France and set himself up as ruler of an independent Burgundy .
Valentin Thalhofer ( January 20 , 1825 -- September 17 , 1891 ) was a German Roman Catholic clergyman and theologian .
Nikahang Kowsar ( Persian : نیک‌آهنگ کوثر‎‎ , born 1969 ) , also known as Nik Kowsar is an Iranian - Canadian cartoonist , journalist , and blogger , currently living in Washington DC , US .
Gunther Plüschow ( February 8 , 1886 -- January 28 , 1931 ) was a German aviator , aerial explorer and author from Munich , Bavaria .
Rafael Ballesteros ( born 1938 ) is a Spanish poet living in Málaga , Spain .
Jan Sawka ( December 10 , 1946 -- August 9 , 2012 ) was a Polish - born American artist and architect .
Wendelin Weißheimer ( 26 February 1838 , Osthofen -- 16 June 1910 ) was a 19th - century German composer , conductor , essayist , teacher and music writer .
Peter Ernst von Lasaulx ( German pronunciation : ( laˈsoː ) ; March 16 , 1805 -- May 9 , 1861 ) was a German philologist and politician .
Count Stanisław Tarnowski ( 7 November 1837 -- 31 December 1917 ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) , historian , literary critic , publicist .
John Frewen - Turner ( 1 August 1755 -- 1 February 1829 ) was an English landowner and politician .
Hans Paasche ( 3 April 1881 -- 21 May 1920 ) was a German politician and pacifist .
Giovanni Battista Salvi da Sassoferrato ( August 25 , 1609 -- August 8 , 1685 ) , also known as Giovanni Battista Salvi , was an Italian Baroque painter .
Filippo Corridoni ( August 19 , 1887 , Pausula today Corridonia , Italy -- October 23 , 1915 , San Martino del Carso , Italy ) was an Italian trade unionist and syndicalist .
Sebastián Vizcaíno ( 1548 - -1624 ) was a Spanish soldier , entrepreneur , explorer , and diplomat whose varied roles took him to New Spain , the Philippines , the Baja California peninsula , the California coast and Japan .
Alan Sinfield ( born 1941 ) is an English theorist in the fields of Shakespeare and sexuality , modern theatre , gender studies , queer theory ( queer studies ) , post-1945 politics and cultural theory .
Stefan Zweig ( /zwaɪɡ , swaɪɡ/ ; German : ( tsvaɪk ) ; November 28 , 1881 in Vienna -- February 22 , 1942 in Petrópolis ) was an Austrian novelist , playwright , journalist and biographer .
S. A. Ashokan ( died 1982 ) , born as Antony and often simply referred to as Asokan , was an Indian film actor , who worked mainly in Tamil cinema .
Belén Arjona ( Madrid , May 10 , 1981 ) is a Spanish singer .
Massimo Popolizio ( born July 4 , 1961 ) is an Italian actor and voice actor .
Athanase Jean ( born 1861 in Saint - Césaire , died 1932 at Rouffiac , Charente - Maritime ) was a French country doctor and writer .
Wiebke Eden ( born 1968 in Jever , Lower Saxony ) , is a German writer .
Granville Sharp ( 10 November 1735 -- 6 July 1813 ) was one of the first English campaigners for the abolition of the slave trade .
Tatjana Doll ( born 1970 in Burgsteinfurt ) is a contemporary German painter .
Feliks Młynarski ( 20 November 1884 -- 13 April 1972 ) was a Polish banker , philosopher and economist .
Ferenc Móra ( 19 July 1879 -- 8 February 1934 ) was a Hungarian novelist , journalist , and museologist .
David Cesarani OBE ( 13 November 1956 -- 25 October 2015 ) was an English historian who specialised in Jewish history , especially the Holocaust .
Samuel Bogusław Chyliński ( 1631 - -1668 ) was the translator and publisher of the first translation of the Bible into Lithuanian .
Nino Oxilia ( 1889 - -1917 ) was an Italian playwright , screenwriter and film director .
Louis Giry ( 8 February 1596 -- 28 July 1665 ) was a French lawyer , translator and writer .
Félix Legueu ( 12 August 1863 -- 2 October 1939 ) was a French urologist and gynecologist born in Angers .
Wilhelm Ehmann ( 5 December 1904 -- 16 April 1989 ) is a German musicologist , musician , and conductor .
Kurt Julius Goldstein ( November 3 , 1914 -- September 24 , 2007 ) was a German journalist and a former broadcast director .
Francisco Llano de la Encomienda ( 1879 - -1963 ) was a Spanish soldier who served in Africa and was promoted to General in 1931 .
Serge Collot ( 27 December 1923 -- 11 August 2015 ) was a French violist and music educator .
Phyllis Dorothy James , Baroness James of Holland Park , OBE , FRSA , FRSL ( 3 August 1920 -- 27 November 2014 ) , known as P. D. James , was an English crime writer .
Bothaina Kamel ( Arabic : بثينة كامل‎ ) ( born in Cairo , 18 April 1962 ) is an Egyptian television anchor , activist , and politician .
Wilhelm Hausenstein ( 17 June 1882 - -3 June 1957 ) was a German politician , writer , journalist , art critic , historian and diplomat .
Bernard Guerrien is a French economist and the author of La Théorie des jeux ( 2002 ) , Dictionnaire d'analyse économique ( 2002 ) , and La théorie économique néoclassique .
Viju Khote ( Vittal Bapurao Khote ) ( born 17 December ) is an Indian actor who has worked as character actor in more than 300 films in Hindi cinema and Marathi cinema .
Ralph Hodgson ( 9 September 1871 -- 3 November 1962 ) , Order of the Rising Sun ( Chinese 旭日章),was an English poet , very popular in his lifetime on the strength of a small number of anthology pieces , such as The Bull .
Joan Brudieu ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈan bɾuðiˈew ) ) ( 1520 - -1591 ) was a Catalan Spanish composer .
Iván Luengo Robles ( Granollers , Barcelona , 3 June 2003 ) is an actor Spanish .
Sir Harold Jeffreys , FRS ( 22 April 1891 -- 18 March 1989 ) was an English mathematician , statistician , geophysicist , and astronomer .
Liu Jianwei ( simplified Chinese : 柳建伟 ; traditional Chinese : 柳建偉 ; pinyin : Liǚ Jiànweǐ ; born October 1963 ) , also known by his pen name Liu Shengyuan ( 柳盛元 ) , is a Chinese novelist .
Ignacio Gallego Bezares ( 1914 - 1990 ) , was a Spanish communist politician , General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Peoples of Spain ( PCPE ) .
Sir Charles Scott Sherrington OM GBE PRS ( 27 November 1857 -- 4 March 1952 ) was an English neurophysiologist , histologist , bacteriologist , and a pathologist , Nobel laureate and president of the Royal Society in the early 1920s .
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe ( German : ( miːs ) MEES ; born Maria Ludwig Michael Mies ; March 27 , 1886 -- August 17 , 1969 ) was a German - American architect .
Anders Paulrud ( 14 May 1951 -- 6 January 2008 ) was a Swedish writer and journalist , born in Karlskrona .
Jean - Baptiste de Sénac ( 1693 - -1770 ) was a French physician born in the town of Lombez .
Abdelatif Benazzi ( Arabic : عبد اللطيف بن عزي‎ ; born 20 August 1968 ) is a French - Moroccan rugby union footballer who represented both Morocco and France .
Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada ( 1509 -- 16 February 1579 ) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador in Colombia .
Hermann Pöschel ( 28 September 1919 -- 30 December 2007 ) was a politician and an important official in the German Democratic Republic 's ruling Socialist Unity Party ( SED / Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands ) .
Vicente García González was a General in the Cuban Ten Years ' War ( Spanish : Guerra de los Diez Años , also known as the Great War ) and later a Cuban President who was assassinated by the Spanish after the war .
John Birchensha ( c.1605 - -1681 ) ( sometimes spelled Birkenshaw or Berkenshaw ) was an English Baroque music theorist .
Giulio Giorello ( Italian : ( ˈdʒuːljo dʒoˈrɛllo ) ; born 14 May 1945 , Milan ) is an Italian philosopher , mathematician , and epistemologist .
Alfonso or Alonso Manrique de Lara y Solís , ( 1476 -- 28 September 1538 ) , Bishop of Badajoz ( September 1499 until before 1516 ) , was a Spanish churchman .
Gonzalo de Céspedes y Meneses ( 1585 ? -- January 27 , 1638 ) was a Spanish novelist .
Sidney Woolf ( 16 June 1837 -- September , 1918 ) was an English pottery manufacturer and a Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1885 .
Jules - François - Paul Fauris de Saint - Vincens ( 1718 - 1798 ) was a French lawyer , politician , historian and numismatist .
Waldemar Łysiak ( born 22 March 1944 ) is a bestselling Polish writer , art historian and journalist , who has written under his own name as well as the pseudonyms ' Valdemar Baldhead ' ( a rough translation of his name ) , ' Archibald ' , ' Mark W. Kingden ' , ' Rezerwowy Ł.
The USA Today bestselling author of over 40 historical romance novels and novellas , Margaret Moore graduated with distinction from the University of Toronto with a degree in English literature .
Aristide Cavaillé - Coll ( French : ( aʁistid kavaje kɔl ) ; 4 February 1811 -- 13 October 1899 ) , was a French organ builder .
José María Díaz ( 1813 - -1888 ) was a Spanish journalist and playwright whose work is linked to Romanticism .
William Bernard Ullathorne ( 7 May 1806 -- 21 March 1889 ) was an English prelate who held high offices in the Roman Catholic Church during the nineteenth - century .
Günter Ropohl ( born 14 June 1939 in Cologne , Germany ) is a German philosopher of technology .
Wenceslaus Hajek of Libočan ( Czech : Václav Hájek z Libočan ; German : Wenzeslaus Hajek von Libotschan ; Latin : Wenceslai Hagecii , Wenceslai Hagek a Liboczan ; d. 18 March 1553 ) was a Bohemian chronicler , author of the Annales Bohemorum ( Kronyka Czeská or Kronika Česká ( in modern Czech ) ) .
Gisbertus Voetius ( Latin pronunciation : ( ' vu.ʃi.us ) , Latinized version of the Dutch name Gijsbert Voet ; 3 March 1589 -- 1 November 1676 ) was a Dutch Calvinist theologian .
V. I. S. Jayapalan is an Indian writer , political commentator and actor who has appeared in Tamil language films .
Joseph Chitty ( 12 March 1775 -- 17 February 1841 ) was an English lawyer and legal writer , author of some of the earliest practitioners ' texts and founder of an important dynasty of lawyers .
Nesrin Şamdereli ( born 1979 ) is a Turkish - German screenwriter of Zaza origin and film director .
Jacques - François Blondel ( 8 January 1705 -- 9 January 1774 ) was a French architect and teacher .
Upendrakishore Ray Chowdhury ( Bengali : উপেন্দ্রকিশোর রায়চৌধুরী ) , also known as Upendrokishore Ray ( উপেন্দ্রকিশোর রায় ) ( 12 May 1863 -- 20 December 1915 ) was a famous Bengali writer , painter , violin player and composer , technologist and entrepreneur .
Marie There s Fögen ( born October 10 , 1946 , Lüdinghausen , West Germany ; d. January 18 , 2008 , Zürich , Switzerland ) was a German jurist and historian .
Natacha Polony ( born 15 April 1975 ) is a French journalist and essayist of Polish origin specialised in education .
Anna Fárová ( 1 June 1928 -- 27 February 2010 ) was a Czech art historian who specialized and catalogued Czech and Czechoslovak photographers , including František Drtikol and Josef Sudek .
Can Xue ( Chinese : 残雪 ; pinyin : Cán Xuě ) , née Deng Xiaohua ( Chinese : 邓小华 ; pinyin : Dèng Xiǎohuá ) , is a Chinese avant - garde fiction writer , literary critic , and tailor .
Martin Warnke ( born October 12 , 1937 in Ijuí , Brazil ) is a German art historian .
Pierre Moulin du Coudray de La Blanchère ( 1821 - -1880 ) , sometimes known as Henri de La Blanchère , was a French ichthyologist , naturalist and photographer .
Stine Andresen ( née Jürgens ) ( 1849 - -1927 ) was a German poet from the North Frisian island of Föhr .
Dan Margalit ( Hebrew : דן מרגלית‎ , born 1938 ) is an Israeli journalist , author and television host .
José Antonio González de Salas ( 1588 , Madrid -- 1654 ) was a Spanish humanist and writer .
Giuseppe Tatarella ( 1935 -- 8 February 1999 ) was a neo - fascist Italian politician who served as deputy prime minister in the first cabinet of Silvio Berlusconi from 1994 to 1995 .
Ovid S. Crohmălniceanu ( born Moise Cahnor Cohn ; 16 August 1921 , in Galați , Romania -- 27 April or 28 April 2000 , in Berlin , Germany ) was a Romanian literary critic and science fiction writer .
Niklas Krog is a Swedish author of a number of young - adult novels within the High Fantasy genre .
Louis Bertignac ( born 23 February 1954 in Oran , French Algeria ) is a French guitarist , vocalist and songwriter .
Walter Boehlich ( 16 September 1921 -- 6 April 2006 ) was a German journalist , literary critic , literary editor and translator .
Marco Boschini ( 1613 - -1678 ) was an Italian painter and engraver of the early Baroque period in Venice .
Richard Hobert ( born 1 December 1951 in Kalmar ) is a Swedish scriptwriter and film director .
Jean - François Fournel ( 1745 - 21 juli 1820 ) was a French jurisprudent .
Tabish Khair ( Hindi : ताबिश खैर ) is an Indian English author and associate professor in the Department of English , University of Aarhus in Denmark .
Agostino Magliani ( 1824 - 22 February 1891 ) , Italian financier , was a native of Laurino , near Salerno .
John McHardy Sinclair ( 14 June 1933 -- 13 March 2007 ) was Professor of Modern English Language at Birmingham University , 1965 to 2000 .
Stephan Hermlin ( April 13 , 1915 -- April 6 , 1997 ) , real name Rudolf Leder , was a German author .
Pierre Bazy ( 28 March 1853 -- 22 January 1934 ) was a French surgeon and urologist born in Sainte - Croix - Volvestre .
Louis - Nicolas Clérambault ( 19 December 1676 -- 26 October 1749 ) was a French musician , best known as an organist and composer .
Antonio Arbiol y Díez ( 1651 - -1726 ) was a Spanish franciscan and writer .
Lucy Redler ( born August 17 , 1979 in Hann . Münden , Lower Saxony ) is a German politician , Socialist Alternative activist , and member of the Left Party .
Ursula Schaeppi or Ursula Schäppi ( born 22 June 1940 ) is a Swiss comedian , radio personality , and stage , voice and film actress starring usually in Swiss German language stage productions and as voice actress in children 's literature .
Denis Villeneuve ( French : ( dəni vilnœv ) ; born October 3 , 1967 ) is a Canadian film director and writer .
Eustachio Manfredi ( 20 September 1674 -- 15 February 1739 ) was an Italian mathematician , astronomer and poet .
Guadalupe Victoria ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ɡwaðaˈlupe βikˈtoɾja ) ; 29 September 1786 -- 21 March 1843 ) , born José Miguel Ramón Adaucto Fernández y Félix , was a Mexican general and political leader who fought for independence against the Spanish Empire in the Mexican War of Independence .
P. S. Veerappa ( Tamil : பி. எஸ். வீரப்பா ; 10 September 1911 -- 11 September 1998 ) was a villain actor and a producer of Tamil Cinema .
Yana Yazova ( Bulgarian : Яна Язова ) was the pen name of Lyuba Todorova Gancheva ( Bulgarian : Люба Тодорова Ганчева ) ( 1912 -- August 1974 ) , a Bulgarian intellectual and writer .
Giuseppe La Farina ( 20 July 1815 in Messina -- 5 September 1863 in Torino ) was an influential leader of the Italian Risorgimento .
John Dunning , 1st Baron Ashburton ( 18 October 1731 -- 18 August 1783 ) was an English lawyer and politician .
Walther Neye ( 24 July 1901 -- 12 August 1989 ) was a German lawyer .
Abhijit Pandya ( born 19 January 1980 in Harrow , England ) is an English solicitor , best known for his representation in the seminal art case concerning the gifted drawings of Francis Bacon in the UK courts .
Denzil Holles , 1st Baron Holles PC ( 31 October 1599 -- 17 February 1680 ) was an English statesman and writer , best known as one of the Five Members whose attempted unconstitutional arrest by King Charles I in the House of Commons of England in 1642 sparked the Civil War .
Östen Dahl ( born 4 November 1945 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish linguist and professor best known for pioneering a marker - based approach to tense and aspect in linguistic typology .
Hristo Tatarchev ( Bulgarian : Христо Татарчев , Macedonian : Христо Татарчев , December 16 , 1869 - January 5 , 1952 ) was a Bulgarian revolutionary and first leader of the revolutionary movement in Macedonia and Eastern Thrace ( the organization was renamed to IMARO in 1906 and IMRO in 1920 ) .
László Kövér ( Kövér László , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkøveːr ˈlaːsloː ) , born on 29 December 1959 ) is a Hungarian politician and the current Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary .
Daniel Múgica ( born 4 April 1967 , San Sebastián ) is a writer and film director , son of the Spanish politician Enrique Múgica Herzog and Faustina Díaz Azcona .
Gernot Böhme ( January 3 , 1937 , Dessau ) is a German philosopher and author , contributing to the philosophy of science , theory of time , aesthetics , ethics , and philosophical anthropology .
Bogdan Zakrzewski ( born 25 September 1916 in Poznań , died 23 October 2011 in Wrocław ) was a Polish historian and researcher of Polish literature .
Albert Ndongmo was born on 26 September 1926 in Bafou , French Cameroons , near Dschang , to a Christian family of Bamiléké people .
Otto Wallburg ( 1899 - -1944 ) was a German actor and Kabarett performer .
Claudio Burlando ( Genoa , 27 April 1954 ) is an Italian politician , and was President of Liguria , until March 31 , 2015 .
Tullia d'Aragona ( c. 1510 - -1556 ) was a 16th - century Italian poet , author and philosopher .
Eberhard Schrader ( January 7 , 1836 -- July 4 , 1908 ) , was a German orientalist primarily known for his achievements in Assyriology .
Alphonse Bertillon ( French : ( bɛʁtijɔ̃ ) ; 24 April 1853 -- 13 February 1914 ) was a French police officer and biometrics researcher who applied the anthropological technique of anthropometry to law enforcement creating an identification system based on physical measurements .
Eugène Freyssinet ( French : ( øʒɛn fʁɛsinɛ ) ) ( 13 July 1879 -- 8 June 1962 ) was a French structural and civil engineer .
Horst Knörrer ( born 31 July 1953 , in Bayreuth ) is a German mathematician , who studies algebraic geometry and mathematical physics .
Daniel Pulteney ( c. 1684 -- 7 September 1731 ) was an English government official and Member of Parliament .
Debaki Bose ( Bengali : দেবকী বোস ) ( 1898 -- 1971 ) , also known as Debaki Kumar Bose , was a top director , writer , and actor of Bengali cinema / Indian cinema .
In 2013 , Nyla Usha debuted in the Malayalam film industry with Salim Ahamed 's Kunjananthante Kada , opposite Mammootty .
Susana Dosamantes ( Spanish pronunciation : ( suˈsana ðosaˈmantes ) ; born Susana Rue Riestra on January 9 , 1948 in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress .
Professor Vytautas Landsbergis ( ˈvʲîːt̪ɐʊt̪ɐs̪ ˈɫɐ̂ˑn̪ʲd͡zʲbʲɛrʲɡʲɪs̪ ) ( born 18 October 1932 ) is a Lithuanian conservative politician and Member of the European Parliament .
Alexander Louis Teixeira de Mattos San Payo y Mendes ( April 9 , 1865 -- December 5 , 1921 ) , known as Alexander Teixeira de Mattos , was a Dutch - English journalist , literary critic and publisher , who gained his greatest fame as a translator .
Rudolf Battěk ( November 2 , 1924 -- March 17 , 2013 ) was a Czech sociologist , politician , and political dissident during Czechoslovakia Communist era .
Jarle Simensen ( born 23 March 1937 , in Os , Hedmark ) is a Norwegian historian .
Théodule Tellier ( circa 1856 -- March 1922 ) was a French printer and the co - founder with Louis Yvert of French philatelic publisher Yvert et Tellier .
Yunus Nadi Abalıoğlu ( 1879 , Fethiye -- 28 June 1945 ) was a renowned Turkish journalist and founder of the newspaper Cumhuriyet .
Giorgio Benvenuto ( Gaeta December 8 , 1937 ) is an Italian trade unionist politician and syndicalist .
Conrad Vetter ( 1547 -- October 11 , 1622 ) was a German Jesuit preacher and polemical writer .
John Gully ( 21 August 1783 -- 9 March 1863 ) was an English prize - fighter , horse racer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1832 to 1837 .
Tamar Golan ( Hebrew : תמר גולן‎ ; ‎18 December 1933 -- 30 March 2011 ) was an Israeli journalist and diplomat , who was known especially for her work to promote relations between Israel and African nations , and for her effort to increase knowledge and awareness to African culture in Israel .
Giovanni Filoramo ( born 18 May 1945 ) is an Italian scholar of gnosticism .
Milovan Danojlić ( born 1937 in Ivanovci village near Ljig , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) , is a Serbian writer , who lives and works in France .
Milan Radulović ( born 1948 in Malo Polje near Han Pijesak ) was the Serbian Minister of Religion .
Jean Crespon ( 14 October 1797 , Nîmes -- 1 August 1857 ) was a French zoologist and naturalist .
Lee Bul ( Korean : 이불 , born in Yeongju , Gyeongsangbuk - do , South Korea in 1964 ) is a contemporary sculpture and installation artist who appeared on the art scene in the late 1980s .
WWKB ( formerly WKBW ) is an AM radio station in Buffalo , New York , operating on a frequency of 1520 kHz .
WPOS - FM is licensed to Holland , Ohio , United States , and is currently owned by The Maumee Valley Broadcasting Association .
WOKH ( 102.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Springfield , Kentucky , as well as Bardstown , Kentucky .
KPLC , channel 7 , is an NBC - affiliated television station located in Lake Charles , Louisiana , USA .
WLVM ( 98.3 FM ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Chickasaw , Alabama , and broadcasting to the Mobile metropolitan area .
WRRV is a modern rock radio station licensed to Middletown , New York and serving the mid Hudson Valley and Catskills of New York state plus nearby areas in New Jersey and Pennsylvania .
KHHK , also known as `` HOT 99.7 '' , is a Rhythmic Contemporary Hit Radio station licensed to Yakima , Washington .
KRAB ( 106.1 FM , `` 106 - 1 KRAB Radio '' ) is a commercial Modern Rock music radio station in Greenacres , California , broadcasting to the Bakersfield , California , area .
Xpression FM is an award winning campus radio station for the University of Exeter , England .
CHSR - FM is a Canadian community radio station in Fredericton , New Brunswick with an effective radiated power of 250 watts .
WRRD ( AM 1510 ) is a radio station licensed to Waukesha and serving the Milwaukee area .
WCTW ( `` 98.5 The Cat '' ) is a hot adult contemporary music formatted radio station licensed to Catskill , New York , and serving Columbia and Greene counties as well as the upper Hudson Valley , the southern Capital District , and Berkshire County , Massachusetts .
CHEV was a Canadian radio station , which formerly broadcast at 1610 AM in Toronto , Ontario .
KSAS - FM ( 103.5 FM , `` Kiss - FM '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Caldwell , Idaho , broadcasting to the Boise , Idaho area .
WTOF ( 1110 AM , `` Tower of Faith '' ) is an American radio station licensed to serve Bay Minette , Alabama .
WHKP is a radio station broadcasting at 1450 on the AM dial in Hendersonville , North Carolina .
WUFF - FM is a commercial radio stations in Eastman , Georgia , U.S.A broadcasting on 97.5 FM .
The Germantown State Bank Building is a historic bank building located in the village of Garland , Nebraska .
Kalkownia ( kalˈkɔvɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Barbil is a town and a municipality in the Kendujhar district ( also known as Keonjhar district ) of the state of Odisha , India .
The Kennebec Valley is a region of the U.S. state of Maine , consisting of the Kennebec and Androscoggin Counties .
Hardan ( Persian : هردان‎ , also Romanized as Hardān ) is a village in Doab Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Just outside the north city limits of Topeka , Kansas , is a 12-acre ( 49,000 m2 ) lake that , according to a comment in the GoingOutside.com website , is called Menoken Lake or North Topeka Oxbow Lake .
Luís Eduardo Magalhães is a municipality in western Bahia , Brazil .
Hanakapiai Falls or Hanakapi'ai Falls is an approximately 300 feet ( 91 m ) high waterfall located in Hawaii on the Na Pali side of the island of Kauai .
Cogswell Dam is a rockfill dam on the West Fork of the San Gabriel River in Los Angeles County , California .
Kosmaczewo ( kɔsmaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Peyanvilai ( பேயன்விளை ) is a village in the taluk of Tiruchendur and in Thoothukudi district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Mindarie Senior College is an independent , state senior high school located in the northern suburb of Mindarie , Perth , Western Australia .
The area then was funded by the European Union and the Cato Manor Area Based Management was instituted by the eThekwini Municipality to overseeing the development of the area .
Koturi ( Persian : كتوري‎ , also Romanized as Kotūrī ) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District , in the Central District of Pasargad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mystery Fun House was an attraction in Orlando , Florida , USA .
Palmetto Island State Park is a recent addition to the Louisiana State Park system .
Bagh - e Anjir ( Persian : باغ انجير‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Anjīr ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Tri - City Herald is a daily newspaper based in Kennewick , Washington , in the United States .
Happy Isles is a group of small isles in the Merced River in Yosemite National Park , California , USA .
The Marucelliana Library or Biblioteca Marucelliana , is a public library , founded by the mid-18th century , and located on Via Camillo Cavour # 43 , in Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Ganoga Lake is a natural lake in Colley Township in southeastern Sullivan County in Pennsylvania , United States .
Curitiba ( Tupi : `` Pine Nut Land '' , Portuguese pronunciation : ( kuɾiˈtʃibɐ ) ) is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Paraná .
Varaki ( Persian : وركي‎ , also Romanized as Varakī ) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Afar Regional State ( Afar : Qafar ; Amharic : አፋር ክልል ? ) is one of the nine regional states ( kililoch ) of Ethiopia , and is the homeland of the Afar people .
Beaver Valley Mall opened in 1970 as a regional shopping mall , located in Center Township , Beaver County , Pennsylvania .
Minubar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مينوبار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Defiance Plateau , part of the geologic Defiance Uplift , is an approximately 75-mile ( 121 km ) long , mostly north - trending plateau of Apache County , Arizona , and its east and southeast perimeter , are parts of San Juan and McKinley Counties , New Mexico .
Lake Buckeye , a natural freshwater lake in eastern Winter Haven , Florida , United States , is somewhat oval in shape .
Lüganuse Parish ( Estonian : Lüganuse vald ) is a municipality of Ida - Viru County in northern Estonia .
Aldenhoven ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaldənhoːfən ) ) is a municipality in the district of Düren in the state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Kharasf ( Persian : خرسف‎ ) is a village in Rob - e Shamat Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Aleppo Citadel Museum ( Arabic : متحف قلعة حلب‎ ) is an archaeological museum located in the city of Aleppo , Syria , within the historic Citadel of Aleppo .
San Michele in Foro is a Roman Catholic basilica church in Lucca , Tuscany , central Italy , built over the ancient Roman forum .
Súdwest - Fryslân ( IPA : ( ˈsydʋɛst ˈfrislɔ̃ːn ) ) is a municipality in the northern Netherlands , in the province of Friesland .
Bekkelaget Church is a long church ( Norwegian : langkirke ) located in Bekkelaget in Nordstrand , a district of Oslo , Norway .
Elmstead Woods railway station is in Elmstead in the London Borough of Bromley in Greater London .
Bronisławów Duży ( brɔniˈswavuf ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Tudar - e Molla ( Persian : تودارملا‎ , also Romanized as Tūdār - e Mollā and Tūdār Mollā ; also known as Tūtdār - e Mollā and Tu - yi - Dar Mullah ) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District , Kalatrazan District , Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mount Salisbury is a peak in the Fairweather Range of Alaska , 6 miles ( 10 km ) southeast of Mount Fairweather .
Betws Garmon is a community and small hamlet outside Waunfawr and near Beddgelert in Gwynedd , Wales .
Ulvøysund is a village and an outport in Lillesand , Aust - Agder , Norway .
Daryabak ( Persian : دريابك‎ , also Romanized as Daryābaḵ ) is a village in Doboluk Rural District , Arjomand District , Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The High School of Music & Art , informally known as `` Music & Art '' , was a public high school at 443 - 465 West 135th Street , New York , New York , USA that existed from 1936 until 1984 , when it merged into the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & the Arts .
Canfield Casino and Congress Park is a 17-acre ( 6.9 ha ) site in Saratoga Springs , New York , United States .
Atasharan ( Persian : اتشاران‎ , also Romanized as Ātashārān ) is a village in Jey Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Bly Ranger Station is located in the upper Sprague River Valley of eastern Klamath County , Oregon surrounded by the Fremont National Forest .
Regis Jesuit High School is a Jesuit , Catholic , college preparatory high school located in Aurora , Colorado .
Shahrak - e Do Kuheh ( Persian : شهرک دوکوهه‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Do Kūheh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Arnot Art Museum , opened 1913 , is a municipal art museum located at 235 Lake Street in Elmira , New York .
The Islamic College of Brisbane ( ICB ) is a co - educational P-12 school in the suburb of Karawatha , Brisbane , Queensland Australia .
Malborghetto Valbruna ( Friulian : Malborghet - Valbrune , Slovene : Naborjet - Ovčja ves ; German : Malborgeth - Wolfsbach ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia .
KATT - FM ( 100.5 FM , `` ROCK 100.5 The KATT '' ) is an Active Rock radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by Cumulus Media .
The Coatesville Area High School is part of the Coatesville Area School District , a school district based in the city of Coatesville , in central Chester County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Nowy Kadłubek ( ˈnɔvɨ kadˈwubɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Borovak pri Podkumu ( pronounced ( bɔɾɔˈʋaːk pɾi pɔˈtkuːmu ) ) is a settlement east of Podkum in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Lugano railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Lugano ) is the main railway station of the city of Lugano , in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
Ab Rokhan ( Persian : ابرخان‎ , also Romanized as Āb Rokhān , Āb - e Rokhān , and Ābrakhān ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Easton Grey is a small village and civil parish in north Wiltshire , England .
Wompatuck State Park is a state - owned , public recreation area of about 3,500 acres ( 1,400 ha ) in size located primarily in the town of Hingham with portions in the neighboring towns of Cohasset , Norwell , and Scituate , Massachusetts , in the United States .
KUWL ( 90.1 FM ) is a jazzradio station licensed to Laramie , Wyoming , USA .
Bleckley County High School is a high school in Cochran , Georgia , USA , 120 miles south of Atlanta .
Seyf ol Din Kuh ( Persian : سيفالدين كوه‎ , also Romanized as Seyf ol Dīn Kūh , Seyf ed Dīn Kūh and Seyf od Dīn Kūh ) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Abel Stadium is a sports stadium for Nebraska Wesleyan University in Lincoln , Nebraska .
The Thomaston Central Historic District is a historic district in the town of Thomaston , Alabama , United States .
Greenwich Peninsula is an area of south east London , England , located in the Royal Borough of Greenwich .
Ringsfield is a village and civil parish in the English county of Suffolk located approximately 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south - west of Beccles in the District of Waveney .
The Rosewood Center was an institution for people with developmental disabilities located on Rosewood Lane in Owings Mills , Maryland .
Hilton Falls Conservation Area located in Campbellville , Ontario is a conservation area known for its ten - metre waterfall and hiking trails .
Gates of the Grove ( Shaarey Pardes ) , the sanctuary of the Jewish Center of the Hamptons , is a synagogue designed by noted architect Norman Jaffe and built in East Hampton , New York in 1989 .
The West Parish Center District encompasses the social and religious center of the part of Andover , Massachusetts , that is located west of the Shawsheen River .
Milwaukee Golf Course is a private 18 hole course at the Milwaukee Country Club located in the Milwaukee suburb of River Hills , Wisconsin that features a 6,875 yards of golf from the longest tees for a par of 72 .
Auwa is a village in the Marwar Junction tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan , India .
The Kirtlands Warbler Wildlife Management Area is administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service , and is located in northern Lower Michigan .
Pilitowo ( piliˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Château de Vaulogé is a château in Fercé - sur - Sarthe near Le Mans in the Sarthe department of France .
The Lava Mountains are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert , in San Bernardino County , California .
Grindleford is a village and civil parish in the county of Derbyshire , in the East Midlands of England .
The Midland Junction railway station was an important junction station on the Eastern Railway of Western Australia until its closure in 1966 .
Avon Dassett is a village and civil parish in the Stratford district of Warwickshire , England , nestling among the Burton Dassett Hills about four miles east of Kineton and seven miles north of Banbury in Oxfordshire .
Bortatycze ( bɔrtaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Loire - Atlantique is part of the current region of Pays - de - la - Loire and is surrounded by the department of Morbihan , Ille - et - Vilaine , Maine - et - Loire , and Vendée , with the Atlantic on the west .
Ferry Island Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia that is located on the south side of the Fraser River northeast of Rosedale .
The Willmar 8 were eight female employees of the Citizens National Bank in Willmar , Minnesota , USA who went on strike on December 16 , 1977 over charges of sex discrimination .
Shisuwa is a town and once a Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal .
The Saddle Mountains consists of an upfolded anticline ridge of basalt in Grant County of central Washington state .
Devich ( Persian : دويچ‎ , also Romanized as Devīch and Dovīch ; also known as Devīj , Duyuch , and Dyuyuch '' ) is a village in Kaghazkonan - e Markazi Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mynderse - Frederick House is a historic home and tavern located at Guilderland in Albany County , New York .
Burgruine Landsee is a castle ruin located in the Austrian state of Burgenland .
The Big Dipper Ice Arena , colloquially known as `` The Big Dipper '' , is a multi - purpose arena in Fairbanks , Alaska .
Banestan - e Sadat Mahmudi ( Persian : بنستان سادات محمودي‎ , also Romanized as Banestān - e Sādāt Maḩmūdī ; also known as Banestān and Bonestān ) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Gorno Krušje ( Macedonian : Горно Крушје ) , or simply Krušje , is a village in northern Resen Municipality , Republic of Macedonia , located roughly 7.7 kilometres ( 4.8 mi ) from the municipal centre of Resen .
Azud ( Persian : ازود‎ , also Romanized as Āzūd ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Pontechianale is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southwest of Turin and about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northwest of Cuneo , on the border with France .
Deh Ganji ( Persian : ده گنجي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Ganjī and Deh - e Ganjī ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Piotrkowice Wielkie ( pjɔtrkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
KLOS is a commercial FM album - oriented rock ( AOR ) radio station based in Los Angeles , California , that debuted in 1969 .
Mysłaki ( mɨˈswaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Malajnica ( Vlach / Romanian : Mălainiţa , Serbian Cyrillic : Малајница ) is a village in the municipality of Negotin , Serbia .
CICW - FM is a radio station broadcasting community radio programming and a variety of music on the frequency of 92.9 ( soon to be 101.1 ) MHz / FM in Elora and Fergus located in Centre Wellington , Ontario , Canada .
Tolombeh - ye Jehad - e Seh ( Persian : تلمبه جهاد3‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Jehād - e Seh ) is a village in Dashtab Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Belo Horizonte is the capital of the state of Minas Gerais , Brazil 's second most populous state .
Phantom Lake YMCA Camp is a YMCA camp located in Mukwonago , Wisconsin , United States .
The Standard Oil Service Station ( also known as the Daniel 's Standard Oil Service Station ) is an historic service station site in Plant City , Florida , United States .
The Nifty Theatre in Waterville , Washington is a small movie theater .
Kings Mountain National Military Park is a National Military Park near Blacksburg , South Carolina , along the North Carolina / South Carolina border .
Czelin ( ˈt͡ʂɛlin ) ( formerly German Zellin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
The Rembert Mounds ( 9EB1 ) is an archaeological site in Elbert County , Georgia in the area that is now under the Clark Hill Reservoir on the Savannah River .
Arcade Center Farm is a historic home and farm complex in Arcade , Wyoming County , New York .
Anaru - ye Yaieh ( Persian : انارو ئيه‎ , also Romanized as Anārū - ye Yaīeh ; also known as Anārū ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Paxon School for Advanced Studies ( PSAS ) is one of three International Baccalaureate senior high schools ( the others being Stanton College Preparatory School , and Jean Ribault High School ) in Duval County , Florida .
Crofton Park is a mainly residential suburb and electoral ward in the London Borough of Lewisham .
Ćwikły - Krajewo ( ˈt͡ɕfikwɨ kraˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Doane Academy is a coeducational independent private day school located in Burlington , New Jersey .
Al - Mazyunah is a settlement in the Dhofar Governorate of Oman , near the border with Yemen .
Kebagusan is administrative village ( kelurahan in Indonesian ) at Pasar Minggu subdistrict , South Jakarta .
Jedovnice is a market town ( městys ) in the Blansko District of the South Moravian Region in the Czech Republic .
Garrigill , Cumbria is a small village in the North Pennine region of the UK situated on the banks and close to the source of the River South Tyne .
Aniołka - Parcele ( aˈɲɔu̯ka parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Paul R. Wharton High School ( also known as Wharton ) is a public high school located on Bruce B. Downs Boulevard in New Tampa , Florida .
The Ennis House is a residential dwelling in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , United States , south of Griffith Park .
Woźnawieś ( vɔʑˈnavjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Chlewiszcze ( xlɛˈviʂt͡ʂɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Mirage is a 3,044 room Polynesian - themed hotel and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada , United States .
KDVL ( 102.5 FM , `` Cruiser 102 '' ) is an American commercial radio station licensed to serve Devils Lake , North Dakota .
Otowice ( ɔtɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mount Airy / Surry County Airport ( ICAO : KMWK , FAA LID : MWK ) is a public use airport located in the unincorporated Holly Springs community three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southeast of the central business district of Mount Airy , a city in Surry County , North Carolina , United States .
Reed Arena is a sports arena and entertainment venue located at the corner of Olsen Boulevard and Kimbrough Boulevard in College Station , Texas .
Yaft Rural District ( Persian : دهستان يافت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Griffith Breese Farm is a historic farmstead in southern Allen County , Ohio , United States .
Bear Creek Studio is a residential recording studio located in Woodinville , Washington situated in a barn on a 10 acre farm .
The M. A. Benton House is an historic landmark in Fort Worth , Texas ( USA ) , located on a four - lot corner at 1730 Sixth Avenue .
The James Scales House , built c.1885 in Kirkland , Tennessee , United States , along with the William W. Johnson House , another Williamson County house , are notable as late 19th century central passage plan residences that `` display period decoration at eaves and porch . ''
The Carey Farm Site ( 7K - D-3 ) is a prehistoric Native American archaeological site in central Kent County , Delaware , near Dover .
François Lake is a lake located in British Columbia about 30 kilometers south of Burns Lake and 10 kilometers west of Fraser Lake .
Cap Aurora is a small Romanian summer - time seaside resort in the Mangalia municipality , Constanţa County .
The Bronson Centre is a community facility in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada which provides office and meeting facilities for non - profit organisations .
Daya District ( Chinese : 大雅區 ; pinyin : Dàyǎ Qū ; Taiwanese : Tāi - ngé ) is a suburban district in Taichung , Taiwan .
Qalehlu ( Persian : قلعه لو‎ , also Romanized as Qal``ehlū ) is a village in Mulan Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 38 , in 8 families .
The Stamford Cone is a 14 metre high structural artwork in the shape of a cone built as a landmark feature for the headquarters building of UBS AG in Stamford , Connecticut .
Jedlno Pierwsze ( ˈjɛdlnɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ładzice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Copp 's Hill Terrace is an historic terrace and park between Commercial and Charter Streets west of Jackson Avenue on Copp 's Hill in the North End of Boston , Massachusetts near Copp 's Hill Burying Ground .
Torviscosa is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region of Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) south of Udine .
Ellis School is a school building in Ashland , Wisconsin which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 , 1980 .
Komory Dąbrowne ( kɔˈmɔrɨ dɔmˈbrɔvnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Beelu National Park is a national park east of Perth , Western Australia .
The Pine Bluff Arsenal ( PBA ) is a US Army installation located in Jefferson County , Arkansas , just northwest of the city of Pine Bluff .
Faro District ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈfaɾu ) , Portuguese : Distrito de Faro ) is the southernmost district of Portugal , coincident with the Algarve .
Blaich ( Scottish Gaelic : Blàthaich - noun buttermilk or verb to heat or warm ) is a small community , on the south shore of Loch Eil on the A861 road , near Fort William , in the Ardgour area , Highlands of Scotland .
West Meadows is a neighborhood located in the New Tampa district of Tampa , Florida .
Nantlle is a small village in the slate quarrying Nantlle Valley in Gwynedd , Wales .
KFLY is an American commercial adult album alternative music radio station in Eugene , Oregon , broadcasting to the Eugene - Springfield , Oregon area on 101.5 FM .
Siah Khaneh ( Persian : سياه خانه‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Khāneh and Sīyāh Khāneh ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Stołąż ( ˈstɔwɔ̃ʂ ) ( German : Stölitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brojce , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
St. Malachi Church is a historic Irish Roman Catholic mission church on St. Malachi Road in rural Londonderry Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Bakhsh Now Khas ( Persian : بخش نوخاص‎ , also Romanized as Bakhsh Now Khāṣ ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Metropolis Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : M30 ) is an airstrip 2 miles northwest of Metropolis , Illinois , United States .
Fort Dodge Regional Airport ( IATA : FOD , ICAO : KFOD , FAA LID : FOD ) is a city owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Fort Dodge , a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
Berry Head is a coastal headland at the southern end of Torbay , to the southeast of Brixham , Devon , England .
Continental Divide Raceways was a race track located in Castle Rock , Colorado .
Malaita Province is one of the largest provinces of the Solomon Islands .
Highland Village Shopping Center is a mixed - use shopping center on Westheimer Road in Houston , Texas .
Podlipce ( pɔdˈlipt͡sɛ ) ( German : Piepstock ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kahaloo Upazila ( Bengali : কাহালু উপজেলা ) is an upazila of Bogra District in the Division of Rajshahi , Bangladesh .
The Beaumont Civic Center , in downtown Beaumont , Texas , is a 6,500-seat arena where concerts , conventions , trade shows and exhibitions are held .
The Flathead Tunnel is a 7.01-mile ( 11.3-km ) railroad tunnel in the Rocky Mountains approximately 42 miles ( 67 km ) to the west of Whitefish , Montana .
Prusewo ( pruˈsɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bald River Gorge Wilderness is a 3,721-acre ( 15 km2 ) wilderness area of Cherokee National Forest that lies within Monroe County in the U.S. state of Tennessee , designated in 1984 .
Harris Switch Tower , also known as HG Tower or Harris Tower , is an interlocking tower in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Siasak ( Persian : سياسك‎ , also Romanized as Sīāsak ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Malinowice ( malʲinɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The University of Michigan ( U - M , UM , UMich , or U of M ) , frequently referred to simply as Michigan , is a public research university located in Ann Arbor , Michigan , United States .
Orangeburg Municipal Airport ( IATA : OGB , ICAO : KOGB , FAA LID : OGB ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the central business district of Orangeburg , a city in Orangeburg County , South Carolina , United States .
Aston Sandford is a small village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England , about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east of Haddenham and 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) northwest of Princes Risborough .
Arkley Lane and Pastures is a 50 hectare Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation , Grade II , in Arkley in the London Borough of Barnet .
Kelleth is a small village in Cumbria , England , containing around a dozen houses and a toy factory .
Relfs Bluff , Arkansas is a populated place in Lincoln County , Arkansas .
Bogdałów ( bɔɡˈdawuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sepidareh - ye Darmeh ( Persian : سپيداره دارمه‎ , also Romanized as Sepīdāreh - ye Dārmeh ; also known as Darmeh ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wampierzów ( vamˈpjɛʐuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Balmoral railway station is located in the townland of Ballygammon in south Belfast , County Antrim , Northern Ireland .
Dangtu County ( simplified Chinese : 当涂县 ; traditional Chinese : 當涂縣 ; pinyin : Dǎngtu Xiàn ) is the only county under the jurisdiction of Ma'anshan City in eastern Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China .
Sar Keyvan ( Persian : سركيوان‎ , also Romanized as Sar Keyvān and Sar - e Keyvān ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Airds of Kells is a village in the parish of Kells , Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
Beni Israel Cemetery , also known as Cemetery Beni Israel , is an historic Jewish cemetery located at 1301 E. 2100 Road in Eudora , Douglas County , Kansas .
Taraori or Tarori or Tarawari , as it is sometimes called in the local dialect , is a city ( Municipal committee ) and a Tehsil Nilokheri , 16 km north of Karnal in Karnal district in the Indian state of Haryana .
Esas ( Persian : اساس‎‎ , also Romanized as Esās ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Everett Station is an Amtrak train station serving the city of Everett , Washington .
Jashahr ( Persian : جاشهر‎ , also Romanized as Jāshahr ) is a village in Arad Rural District , Arad District , Gerash County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Estádio Carlos de Alencar Pinto , better known as Vovozão , is a football stadium located in Fortaleza , Ceará , Brazil .
Joussard is a hamlet in northern Alberta within Big Lakes County , located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) north of Highway 2 , approximately 182 kilometres ( 113 mi ) east of Grande Prairie .
Bakhtiaran ( Persian : بختياران‎ , also Romanized as Bakhtīārān ) is a village in Rahal Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vitulazio is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) north of Naples and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northwest of Caserta .
The Lurline Baths were public salt water baths built in 1894 in San Francisco , California at the corner of Bush and Larkin streets .
The Isle of May is located in the north of the outer Firth of Forth , approximately 8 km ( 5.0 mi ) off the coast of mainland Scotland .
The Riverbend Maximum Security Institution ( RMSI ) is a prison in Nashville , Tennessee , operated by the Tennessee Department of Correction .
Dastjordeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : دستجرده سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Dastjordeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Dastjerd - e Soflá ) is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Zollinger - Harned Company Building , now known as The Sovereign Building , is a historic department store building located at Allentown , Lehigh County , Pennsylvania .
Teymur Kuh ( Persian : تيموركوه‎ , also Romanized as Teymūr Kūh ) is a village in Aliyan Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Whittall Mills is an historic industrial complex off Brussels Street in southern Worcester , Massachusetts .
Obersulm is a municipality in the district of Heilbronn , Baden - Württemberg , Germany , formed in the 1970-s as a merger of the formerly independent municipalities Affaltrach , Eichelberg , Eschenau , Sülzbach , Weiler , and Willsbach .
Montauban ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃.to.bɑ̃ ) ; Occitan : Montalban ) is a commune in the Tarn - et - Garonne department in the Midi - Pyrénées region in southern France .
Marzandeh ( Persian : مرزنده‎ ) is a village in Natel - e Restaq Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Grabowo Gęsie ( ɡraˈbɔvɔ ˈɡɛ̃ɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mount Noel is a Miocene volcanic complex in the Chilcotin Group in British Columbia , Canada , located 7 km ( 4 mi ) southwest of Bralorne and north of a tributary of Noel Creek .
Les Cours Mont - Royal is an upscale shopping centre in Downtown Montreal , Quebec which was converted from the former Mount Royal Hotel .
Canadian Forces Base Toronto ( also CFB Toronto ) is a former Canadian Forces base in Toronto , Ontario .
North Grand Mall is a 340,000-square - foot shopping center serving the city of Ames , Iowa .
Cinisello Balsamo ( tʃiniˈzɛllo ˈbalsamo ) ( Lombard : Cinisell Balsom ) is a comune ( municipality ) of about 75,200 inhabitants in the Province of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy , about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) northeast of Milan city center .
Yantarni Volcano is an andesitic stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Lake Jed Johnson , named for Jed Johnson ( 1888 - -1963 ) , is third largest of thirteen small reservoirs in the Wichita Mountains National Wildlife Refuge , located in southwestern Oklahoma .
Westercelle is a suburb of the district town of Celle in Lower Saxony , Germany , that lies 3 kilometres south of the town centre on the river Fuhse .
Kungshamn ( King 's Harbour ) is a locality and the seat of Sotenäs Municipality in Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 3071 citizens ( in 2011 ) .
Villa Tehuelches is a Chilean village ( pop . 151 ) and capital of the commune ( Spanish : comuna ) of Laguna Blanca in the Magallanes Province , Magallanes and Antartica Chilena Region .
Budki - Rososz ( ˈbutki ˈrɔsɔʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Hoosier Park is a racino including a thoroughbred and standardbred racetrack located in Anderson , Indiana , United States .
Sar Qaleh - ye Ha ( Persian : سرقلعه ها‎ , also Romanized as Sar Qal``eh - ye Hā ) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District , in the Central District of Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 94 , in 16 families .
Olszewo - Tosie ( ɔlˈʂɛvɔ ˈtɔɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Farm to Market Road 1765 or FM 1765 is a 7.969-mile ( 12.825 km ) farm to market road in the U.S. state of Texas .
The Rushworth Box - Ironbark Region is a 510 km2 fragmented and irregularly shaped tract of land that encompasses all the box -- ironbark forest and woodland remnants used as winter feeding habitat by endangered swift parrots in the Rushworth - Heathcote region of central Victoria , south - eastern Australia .
The Arcadia Sawmill and Arcadia Cotton Mill ( also known as the Arcadia Mill Site or Escambia Manufacturing Company ) is a historic site a mile southwest of Milton , Florida , United States .
The Sarvant Glacier is a glacier located on the northern slopes of the Cowlitz Chimneys in Washington .
Travno is an urban settlement of the Croatian capital of Zagreb , located in a city district of Novi Zagreb -- istok .
Malekeh Duzaqeh ( Persian : مالکه دوزقه‎ , also Romanized as Māleḵeh Dūzaqeh ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Mills County Courthouse , built in 1913 , is an historic 3-story redbrick Classical Revival style courthouse building located at 1011 Fourth Street in Goldthwaite , Texas .
Chonodote was an 18th - century village of the Cayuga nation of Iroquois Indians in what is now upstate New York , USA .
Pashabad ( Persian : پشاباد‎ , also Romanized as Pāshābād ; also known as Pashehābād ) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gho Manhasan is a town and a Municipal committee in Jammu district in the state of Jammu & Kashmir , India .
Lee Metcalf National Wildlife Refuge is a 2,800-acre ( 1,100 ha ) National Wildlife Refuge ( NWR ) in southwestern Montana , U.S. Established in 1964 as Ravalli NWR , it was renamed in 1978 in honor of the late Senator Lee Metcalf , a native of Montana .
Naijabad ( Persian : نائيج اباد‎ , also Romanized as Nā’ījābād ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Romeyleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : رميله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Romeyleh - ye Soflá ; also known as Romeyleh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Azadeh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Jegher ( Persian : جغر‎ , also Romanized as Jaghar ; also known as Chigir , Chiqur , and Jeghīr ) is a village in Ujan - e Sharqi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gesvan - e Yek ( Persian : گسوان1‎ , also Romanized as Geşvān - e Yek , Gaswané Yek , and Gesvān Yak ; also known as Gīsovān - e Yek , and Gīsvān - e Yek ) is a village in Veys Rural District , Veys District , Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vinga is a commune in Arad County , western Romania , south of the county seat of Arad , with a population of 5,828 inhabitants ( as of 2011 ) .
Mohammad Safi ( Persian : محمدصافي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Şāfī ) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Zoar Norwegian Lutheran Church is a historic church in rural northeastern Day County , South Dakota .
Åsgreina or Åsgrenda is a village in Nannestad municipality , Norway .
Indian Lake High School is a public high school located in Washington Township , Logan County , Ohio , United States , near the village of Lewistown .
The Burwash Mine was a small gold property discovered in the fall of 1934 by Johnny Baker and Hugh Muir at Yellowknife Bay , Northwest Territories .
The Grafton State School on 6th St. , W. , in Grafton , North Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 .
China World Trade Center Tower III is a supertall skyscraper with 81 floors , 4 underground floors , and 30 elevators in Beijing , China .
Puget Sound Plaza is a 21-story skyscraper in the Metropolitan Tract of Seattle , Washington .
Jelcza ( ˈjɛlt͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica , within Miechów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Char Brahmanagar ( Bengali : চর ব্রহ্মনগর ) is a census town under Nabadwip police station of Krishnanagar Sadar subdivision in Nadia district in the state of West Bengal , India .
The Naff House is a historic house at the northwest corner of 3rd Avenue and Fir Street in Portland , Arkansas .
Jaśce ( ˈjaɕt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Bangs - Wineman Block on Fourth St. , Devils Lake , North Dakota , USA , was built in 1895 .
Jir Duzan ( Persian : جيردوزان‎ , also Romanized as Jīr Dūzān and Jīrdūzān ; also known as Jīr Dezdān ) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural National Historic Site preserves the Ansley Wilcox House , at 641 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York .
Bonyadabad ( Persian : بنياداباد‎ , also Romanized as Bonyādābād ; also known as Bonyābād and Mokīlān ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ojibway Provincial Park is about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southwest of Sioux Lookout on Highway 72 in Northwestern Ontario , Canada .
The Gilcrease Expressway is a highway in Tulsa County , Oklahoma , United States .
Ramleje ( ramˈlɛjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Botanic railway station serves the Botanic area in south Belfast , Northern Ireland and students for Queen 's University Belfast it is also near Shaftesbury Square which is along Botanic Avenue .
The George and Temperance Adams House on West 400 South in Orem , Utah was built in 1895 and was expanded in 1903 .
Bonkuiyeh ( Persian : بنكوييه‎ , also Romanized as Bonkū’īyeh ; also known as Bon Kūh ) is a village in Lalehzar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Friday Nite Improvs , or Friday Night Improvs ( FNI ) , is a long - running weekly improvisational comedy show staged on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Komehr Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كمهر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Catumbi is a neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil and includes the Morro da Mineira favela .
Makkada is a village in Kakkodi panchayath in Calicut district of Kerala state .
The Ashland Commercial Historic District is a designated historic district bounded by 13th Street , Carter Avenue , 18th Street , and Front Street in Downtown Ashland , Kentucky .
River East Center is a Chicago skyscraper that is a part of the larger River East complex .
Naknek Lake is a lake in southern Alaska , near the base of the Alaska Peninsula .
Mirokabad ( Persian : ميرك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mīrokābād ; also known as Mīrūkābād ) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Sarbhon is a village in the municipality of Bardoli in Surat district in the state of Gujarat , India .
The Pan Am Pool is an indoor swimming facility in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada built for the 1967 Pan American Games .
The Penobscot Marine Museum in Searsport , Maine , United States , is Maine 's oldest maritime museum and is designed to preserve and educate people regarding Maine 's and Searsport 's rich and unique maritime and shipbuilding history .
Zitácuaro , officially known as Heroica Zitácuaro , is a city in the Mexican state of Michoacán .
Annacis Island is an island located in the south arm of the Fraser River , in Delta , British Columbia .
Ontario Air National Guard Station is a former California Air National Guard facility located alongside Ontario International Airport in Ontario , California .
Nal Eshkanun ( Persian : نال اشكنون‎ , also Romanized as Nāl Eshkanūn ) is a village in Holayjan Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Beleh Keh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بله كه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Wesley Brethren Church is an historic church in Wesley , Texas , United States .
Mazraeh - ye Alvand ( Persian : مزرعه الوند‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ālvand ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District , Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Christ the Redeemer Catholic Separate Regional Division No . 3 or Christ the Redeemer Catholic Schools is a publicly funded Catholic school jurisdiction serving students in a number of communities across southern Alberta , Canada .
Bahrehana ( Persian : بهره عنا‎ , also Romanized as Bahrehʿanā ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Jay Bergman Field is a baseball stadium located on the main campus of the University of Central Florida in Orlando , Florida , USA .
Ma'alot Dafna ( Hebrew : מעלות דפנה‎ ) is an Israeli settlement and neighborhood in East Jerusalem .
Maerdy ( Welsh : Y Maerdy ) is a village and community in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , and within the historic county boundaries of Glamorgan , Wales , lying at the head of the Rhondda Fach Valley .
Hoseynabad - e Sheykh ( Persian : حسين ابادشيخ‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Sheykh ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
St Stephen of the Abyssinians ( Italian : Santo Stefano degli Abissini ) is a Roman Catholic church located in Vatican City .
Arnoltice ( German Arnsdorf ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
The Chockalog River is a river in the U.S. states of Massachusetts and Rhode Island .
Wülflingen is a district in the Swiss city of Winterthur , situated in the lower Töss Valley .
Clonyn Castle also known as Delvin Castle , is a Victorian country house situated in Delvin , County Westmeath , Ireland some 18 km from Mullingar along the N52 .
Eshkali Avaz Hoseyn ( Persian : اشكالي عوض حسين‎ , also Romanized as Eshkālī ʿAvaz̤ Ḩoseyn ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The J. W. Wood Building is a historic commercial building located at Lynchburg , Virginia .
Zatoń Dolna ( ˈzatɔɲ ˈdɔlna ) ( German : Nieder Saathen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Kholuzin ( Persian : خلوزين‎ , also Romanized as Kholūzīn , Khaloozīn , Khelowzīn , and Kholowzīn ; also known as Klujīn ) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District , in the Central District of Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Palazzo Orsini Pio Righetti ( also Palazzo Pio ) is a building in the Roman district of Parione .
Chilak ( Persian : چيلك‎ , also Romanized as Chīlak and Chīlek ) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Piss Pot Island is an island on the South Branch Potomac River west of Romney in Hampshire County , West Virginia .
Zwóz ( zvus ) ( German Zwoss ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Fort Erie Race Track is a horse racing facility in Fort Erie , Ontario , Canada built by the Fort Erie Jockey Club and inaugurated on June 16 , 1897 .
Qabr - e Ramezan ( Persian : قبررمضان‎‎ , also Romanized as Qabr - e Rameẕān ) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Beizaoxian Township ( simplified Chinese : 北早现乡 ; traditional Chinese : 北早現鄉 ; pinyin : Běizǎoxiàn Xiāng ) is a township of Zhengding County , Hebei , China , located around 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) northwest of the county seat .
The Homestead Seaboard Air Line Railway Station is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad depot in Homestead , Florida .
Menston is a village and civil parish in the county of West Yorkshire , England .
Camborne ( Cornish : Kammbronn , ' Crooked Hill ' ) is a town and civil parish in west Cornwall , England , UK .
The Curtis , also known as the Executive Tower , is a 350 ft ( 107 m ) tall skyscraper in Denver , Colorado .
Donghuamen Subdistrict ( Chinese : 东华门街道 ) is a subdistrict in Dongcheng District , Beijing , China .
The Genevieve E. Yates Memorial Centre houses two performance theatres in downtown Lethbridge , Alberta .
Nangli Sakrawati is a village on the outskirts of Najafgarh in South West Delhi district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi .
Goldhawk Road station is a London Underground station located in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham , on the south side of Goldhawk Road , about 250 m west of Shepherd 's Bush Green .
The Azerbaijan State Academic Drama Theatre ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Akademik Milli Dram Teatrı ) is an academic theatre of drama in Baku , Azerbaijan .
The House at 2212 W. River Drive is located in the West End of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Chestnut Hill College is a coeducational Roman Catholic college in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA within the Archdiocese of Philadelphia .
The North Point Light is a lighthouse located in Lake Park on the East Side of Milwaukee in Milwaukee County , Wisconsin , United States .
Lake Parramatta is a man - made reservoir located near Parramatta in the Western Sydney region of New South Wales , Australia .
Hegyhátszentjakab is a village in Vas County , in the west region of Hungary .
Earnscliffe is a Victorian manor in Ottawa , Ontario .
Khayiz ( Persian : خاييز‎ , also Romanized as Khāyīz ; also known as Khāvīz ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ford 's Theatre is a historic theatre in Washington , D.C. , used for various stage performances beginning in the 1860s .
Sokal Raion ( Ukrainian : Сокальський район , Sokal’s’kyi raion ) is a raion ( district ) of Lviv Oblast ( region ) in western Ukraine .
The Girard Public Library , a Carnegie library , was established in 1899 in Girard , Kansas , United States .
Fort Lowell was a United States Army post active from 1873 to 1891 on the outskirts of Tucson , Arizona .
The King Edward VII Memorial is a sculpture in memory of King Edward VII , located in Centenary Square , Birmingham , England .
Ruby Skye is a popular nightclub in the Tenderloin neighborhood of San Francisco , California .
Gelahak ( Persian : گل اهك‎ , also Romanized as Gelāhaḵ ) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District , Rudehen District , Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Covina massacre occurred on December 24 2008 , in Covina , a city in the suburbs of Los Angeles , California , United States .
Babyntsi ( Ukrainian : Бабинці ) is an urban - type settlement in Borodianka Raion ( district ) of Kiev Oblast ( province ) in northern Ukraine .
Parc Howard Museum & Art Gallery is a museum in a 19th - century Italianate country house , situated in 24 acres ( 9.7 ha ) of parkland , north of the town centre of Llanelli in Carmarthenshire , Wales .
Kruškik ( Serbian : Крушкик ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Berry High School is a high public high school located in Berry , Alabama .
Łask County ( Polish : powiat łaski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Łódź Voivodeship , central Poland .
Aligudarz County ( Persian : شهرستان الیگودرز‎‎ ) is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran .
Dzikówko ( d͡ʑiˈkufkɔ ) ( German : Neu Dieckow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Killantringan Lighthouse is a lighthouse located near Portpatrick in Dumfries and Galloway , south - west Scotland .
The Montée des Carmélites is one of the oldest streets of Lyon , dating from Roman times , located in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon .
Kuty ( Ukrainian : Кути translit . Kuty , Armenian : Կուտի , German : Kutten , Polish : Kuty , Yiddish : קוטוב translit . Kitev , Romanian : Cuturi ) is an urban - type settlement in Ukraine , on the Cheremosh river , located in Kosiv Raion of Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast .
Wainwright Air Station ( ICAO : PAWT , FAA LID : AK03 ) is a military airport located in Wainwright , Alaska .
Hajji Balkhan ( Persian : حاجي بلخان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Balkhān , Ḩājjī Belkhān , and Haji Balkhan ; also known as Bālā Khān Ḩājjī ) is a village in Fajr Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kampong Leaeng District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកំពង់លែង ) is a district ( srok ) in the north east of Kampong Chhnang Province , in central Cambodia .
Bestwiny ( bɛstˈfinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Still Creek Ranch or Still Creek Christian Academy is an accredited Christian school and fully functional ranch located 15 miles from Bryan , Texas on approximately 200 acres of land .
Nia Nia is a village in the extreme west of the Mambasa Territory of the Ituri Interim Administration in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Haraicha हरैंचा is a town center under Kosi Haraicha Municipality in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern Nepal .
Southern James Bay is a Canadian coastal wetland complex in northeastern Ontario bordering James Bay and Quebec .
There was a speculation going on that Meerpet may opt for its own Municipality as merging with the Greater Hyderabad would mean that there would be no more elected posts like Ward members etc . On December 24 , 2009 , a relatively peaceful Meerpet saw protests in the wake of the Telangana movement .
The East Texas Yamboree , a four - day event held annually during the third weekend of October in Gilmer , Texas , celebrates the sweet potato ( called a `` yam '' in the United States ) as a former cash crop , drawing thousands of tourists to the city for the occasion .
The Muskoday First Nation ( formerly the John Smith First Nation ) is a First Nation band government in Saskatchewan , Canada , composed of Cree and Saulteaux peoples .
Mildred B. Cooper Memorial Chapel is a chapel located in Bella Vista , Arkansas , designed by E. Fay Jones and constructed in 1988 .
Turew ( ˈturɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The O2 Arena , referred to as North Greenwich Arena in the context of the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics , is a multi - purpose indoor arena located in the centre of The O2 , a large entertainment complex on the Greenwich Peninsula in London .
Lechlade , or Lechlade - on - Thames , is a town at the southern edge of the Cotswolds in Gloucestershire , England .
Hajji Kamal ( Persian : حاجي كمال‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kamāl ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mankuzhipadi is a small place between Mallappally and Nedungadappally in Kerala , India .
Jowriz ( Persian : جوريز‎ , also Romanized as Jowrīz ; also known as Chow Rīz and Chowrīz ) is a village in Golshan Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Llanmadoc Hill is a 186-metre - high hill at the northwestern corner of the Gower Peninsula west of Swansea in South Wales .
Chah Morgh ( Persian : چاه مرغ‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Morgh ) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ayyubiyah ( Arabic : أيو‎ , also known as Ayyo ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located south of Hama .
Efail Isaf is a small village located to the south of Llantwit Fardre in south Wales and is located in the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf within the community of Llantwit Fardre .
The Station nightclub fire occurred on Thursday , February 20 , 2003 , in West Warwick , Rhode Island .
Hareh Dasht ( Persian : هره دشت‎ ; also known as ' Haradasht , Harah Dasht - e Jonūbī , and Kharadasht ) is a village in Lisar Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Shadingfield is a village in the English county of Suffolk located approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of Beccles along the A145 .
The Mark Morris Dance Center is located in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York , at 3 Lafayette Avenue , on the corner of Flatbush Avenue .
Aberdeen Art Gallery is the main visual arts exhibition space in the city of Aberdeen , Scotland .
Shahrak - e Saqaveh ( Persian : شهنك سقاوه‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Saqāveh ; also known as Sagawah , Sagaweh , Saqāveh , Seh Gāveh , and Seqāveh ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Rohnerville Airport ( ICAO : KFOT , FAA LID : FOT ) is a public airport located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) southeast of Fortuna in Humboldt County , California .
St George 's Church of England School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status , located in Gravesend in the English county of Kent .
Hale Springs Inn , built in 1824 on the Courthouse Square in Rogersville , Tennessee , was the oldest continuously - operated Inn in Tennessee .
Betchcott is a hamlet near the villages of Picklescott and Woolstaston in Shropshire , England .
Oudewater was an important border city between Holland and Utrecht .
San Francisco National Cemetery is a U.S. National Cemetery , located in the Presidio of San Francisco , California .
Jones Gap State Park is a South Carolina state park in northern Greenville County , near Marietta .
Stoke Lyne is a village and civil parish about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north of Bicester , Oxfordshire in southern England .
The Whiting is a performing arts venue located on the Flint Cultural Center campus in Flint , Michigan .
Dehradun district ( pronunciation ) is a district of Uttarakhand state in northern India .
The name Inwa ( အင်းဝ ) literally means `` mouth of the Lake '' , reflecting its geographical location at the mouth of lakes in the Kyaukse District .
Santa Cruz das Flores ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsɐ̃tɐ ˈkɾuʒ ðɐʃ ˈfloɾɨʃ ) ) is a municipality in Portugal , located across from the island of Corvo on the island of Flores , in the western part of the autonomous region of Azores .
Rita Ranch is a masterplanned community located in southeastern Tucson , Arizona .
Camp Logan was a World War I - era army training camp in Houston , Texas .
Gostynie ( ɡɔsˈtɨɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków - Kolonia , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kirkintilloch Town Hall is a category B listed building in Kirkintilloch , East Dunbartonshire , Scotland .
Le Régiment de la Chaudière came ashore at Bernières - sur - Mer along with The Queen 's Own Rifles of Canada , surprising the locals who had n't expected to find francophone troops in the liberating forces .
KVNA - FM ( 100.1 FM , `` 100.One '' ) is a commercial radio station in Flagstaff , Arizona broadcasting an Adult Album Alternative format .
Wachusett Regional High School ( abbv . WRHS ) is located in Holden , Massachusetts and services the Wachusett Regional School District .
Mater Women 's and Children 's Hospital in Hyde Park Townsville , Queensland was established in 2007 when the Sisters of Mercy ( Mater Health Services North Queensland ) bought the competing private obstetric hospital , the Wesley / Park Haven Hospital .
Neyjeh ( Persian : نيجه‎ , also Romanized as Ney Jeh ; also known as Neyīeh and Nīyeh ) is a village in Rahjerd - e Sharqi Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
The Petit Palais ( small palace ) is an art museum in the 8th arrondissement of Paris , France .
KDST is a Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Dyersville , Iowa , serving Dubuque , Delaware counties in Iowa .
Żywki Małe ( ˈʐɨfki ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Luisenhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tynedale was a local government district in south - west Northumberland , England .
Togdheer ( Somali : Togdheer , Arabic : تُوجدَير‎ ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) in northwestern Somalia .
Dozdabad ( Persian : دزداباد‎ , also Romanized as Dozdābād and Duzdābād ) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The West Side Yard ( officially the John D. Caemmerer West Side Yard ) is a rail yard owned by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority on the west side of Manhattan in New York City .
Haftkhan ( Persian : هفت خان‎ , also Romanized as Haftkhān ; also known as Hafkūn and Haft Khvān ) is a village in Banesh Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Rio Grande Gorge is a geological feature in northern New Mexico where the watercourse of the Rio Grande follows a tectonic chasm .
Bettws Newydd ( Welsh : Betws Newydd ) is a small village in Monmouthshire , in southeast Wales located about 3 1⁄2 miles ( 5.6 km ) north of Usk , a few miles south of Clytha near Raglan , Monmouthshire .
Alakan ( Persian : الاكان‎ , also Romanized as Ālākān and Alākān ; also known as Ālkān ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Tameh ( Persian : طامه‎ , also Romanized as Ţāmeh ; also known as Tehāmi ) is a village in Karkas Rural District , in the Central District of Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Arengan ( Persian : ارنگان‎ , also Romanized as Ārengān ) is a village in Gohreh Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ses Salines is a small municipality of Majorca , one of the Balearic Islands , Spain .
Liuskasaari ( Swedish : Skifferholmen ) is an island located south of Helsinki , Finland .
Divrasai is a village in the Bharthana mandal of Etawah district in the state of Uttar Pradesh .
Sojec ( ˈsɔjɛt͡s ) ( German Falkenhorst ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Annean Station is a pastoral lease in Western Australia .
KGOU is a National Public Radio member News / Talk / Jazz music / Blues music radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by the University of Oklahoma .
Zwola Poduchowna ( ˈzvɔla pɔduˈxɔvna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cheshmeh Sorkheh Seyyed Reza ( Persian : چشمه سرخه صيدرضا‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sorkheh Seyyed Rez̤ā ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Więsławice - Parcele ( vjɛ̃swaˈvit͡sɛ parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Rasipalayam is a suburb in Coimbatore of panchayat under Sulur town in Coimbatore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
North Schell Peak is the highest mountain in the Schell Creek Range of White Pine County , Nevada , United States .
Bhilawadi ( Hindi : भिलवडी ) is a town ( Neighbourhood ) of Sangli City which is 27 km away from the heart of City Sangli in Sangli district , Maharashtra state , located on the bank of Krishna River .
The Quaker Manor House is a historic building located at 1165 Pinetown Road in Fort Washington , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Dhudike is a village in Moga - I Tehsil in Moga district of Punjab state , India .
Dhadgaon ( also known as Akrani or Akrani Mahal ) is a tehsil in Talode subdivision of Nandurbar district , Maharashtra , India .
Mir Kola ( Persian : ميركلا‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Kolā , ' Mīr Kalā , and Mirkola ) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hohokam Stadium , also known as Dwight W. Patterson Field and formerly Hohokam Park ( 1997 - -2013 ) , is a 10,500-seat baseball park located in Mesa , Arizona .
Golablu ( Persian : گلابلو‎ , also Romanized as Golāblū ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Broad Margin is a private residence in Greenville , South Carolina .
Dąbrowa - Dołęgi ( dɔmˈbrɔva dɔˈwɛnɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Han - sur - Lesse ( French pronunciation : ​(ɑ̃syʁˈlɛs ) , in Walloon : Han - so - Lesse ) is a village in the municipality of Rochefort , Namur Province , Belgium .
Isigny - sur - Mer ( pronounced : ( iziɲi syʁ mɛːʁ ) ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie region in northwestern France .
Pożarki ( pɔˈʐarki ) ( German Pohiebels ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Marshall Memorial Municipal Airport ( IATA : MHL , ICAO : KMHL , FAA LID : MHL ) is a city owned , use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the central business district of Marshall , a city in Saline County , Missouri , United States .
Ajab Shir ( Persian : عجب شير‎‎ ; also Romanized as `` Ajab Shīr ; also known as Ajabshahr ) is a city in and the capital of Ajab Shir County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . The city 's population is Azerbaijanis . At the 2006 census , its population was 26,235 , in 6,767 families .
Sievierodonetsk ( Ukrainian : Сєвєродонецьк ; Russian : Северодонецк , Severodonetsk ) is a city in the Luhansk Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine .
Szwaruny ( ʂfaˈrunɨ ) ( German : Gross Schwaraunen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Nerstrand - Big Woods State Park is a state park of Minnesota , USA , northeast of Faribault near the small town of Nerstrand .
Kingsway College is a high school in Oshawa , Ontario , Canada , with a Seventh - day Adventist environment .
Homewood Mountain Resort is a ski area located on the west shore of Lake Tahoe in the state of California , a few miles south of Tahoe City in the town of Homewood .
Sechna ( ˈsɛxna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laskowa , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Aryad is one of the main panchayaths in Alappuzha district in the Kerala state of southern India .
Community Hospital of Long Beach is an acute care hospital in Long Beach , California .
Pickering Airport is a proposed international airport to be built directly north - east of Toronto in Pickering , Ontario , Canada , approximately 65 km ( 40 mi ) east of Toronto Pearson International Airport .
Igłowice ( iɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German Haugendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bacone College is a private four - year liberal arts college in Muskogee , Oklahoma , United States .
Ystumtuen is a small village in northern Ceredigion , Wales above the valley of the River Rheidol .
The Dulles Technology Corridor is a business cluster containing many defense and technology companies , located in Northern Virginia near Washington Dulles International Airport .
Xalisco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xaˈlisko ) ) is a city and its surrounding municipality of the same in the Mexican state of Nayarit .
Karnówko ( karˈnufkɔ ) ( German : Altlinden ; until 1906 : Karnowke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Tinun ( Persian : تينون‎ , also Romanized as Tīnūn ; also known as Tīnūs and Tītūn ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
KTKK ( 630 AM ) is a news / talk radio station broadcasting out of Sandy , Utah , to the Salt Lake City area .
Little Baddow is a village to the east of Chelmsford , Essex .
Chiriaco Summit Airport ( FAA LID : L77 ) is a county - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) northeast of the central business district of Chiriaco Summit , in Riverside County , California , United States .
Laakso is neighbourhood # 18 in the official neighbourhood numbering of Helsinki , and belongs to the district of Reijola .
Chožov ( German : Koschow ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Louny District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Clatt ( Gaelic cleithe , ' concealed ' ) , is a village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Tribeca Grill is a New American restaurant located at 375 Greenwich Street ( at Franklin Street ) in Tribeca , Manhattan , in New York City , co - owned by Robert De Niro , Drew Nieporent and Lou Diamond Phillips , among others .
Mordar Keshan ( Persian : مردار كشان‎ , also Romanized as Mordār Keshān ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hermann Historic District in Hermann , Missouri is a historic district that dates from 1838 .
Grubsko ( ˈɡrupskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Tomyśl , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Charles C. Glover Memorial Bridge or Massachusetts Avenue Bridge in Northwest Washington , D.C. conveys Massachusetts Avenue over Rock Creek and Rock Creek Park .
The Bull Run Mountains are a mountain range of the Blue Ridge Mountains in northern Virginia in the United States .
Drożdżyce ( drɔʐˈd͡ʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Heule is a submunicipality of the city of Kortrijk in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Mah Banu ( Persian : ماه بانو‎ , also Romanized as Māh Bānū ) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Padovo pri Osilnici ( pronounced ( ˈpaːdɔʋɔ pɾi ɔˈsiːu̯nitsi ) ; in older sources also Padova , German : Padua ) is a small settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia .
Montezuma Castle National Monument protects a set of well - preserved Ancestral Puebloan cliff dwellings near the town of Camp Verde , Arizona , United States .
Makapanstad is a village and the seat of the Moretele Local Municipality , falling under Bojanala District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa .
Kartepe is a town and district of Kocaeli Province , Turkey .
Zard Khoshuiyeh ( Persian : زردخشوييه‎ , also Romanized as Zard Khoshū’īyeh ) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District , Bagh - e Bahadoran District , Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Located in Vershire , Vermont , The Mountain School was originally a four - year residential high school started in 1963 by Mac and Doris Conard .
Chotylub ( xɔˈtɨlup ) ( Ukrainian : Хотилюб , Khotyliub ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszanów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Chah - e Haji Issa ( Persian : چاه حاجی عیسی ‎ ) is a village in Shuru Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Matthias Church ( Hungarian : Mátyás - templom ) is a Roman Catholic church located in Budapest , Hungary , in front of the Fisherman 's Bastion at the heart of Buda 's Castle District .
Mir Khan ( Persian : ميرخان‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Khān , Mīghān , and Mīr Khūn ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Moqavemat ( Persian : مقاومت‎ , meaning `` resistance '' , a reference to the Iran - Iraq War ) is a city in the Central District of Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Banior is a village in Nalhati - i Block in Birbhum District in the Indian state of West Bengal near the West Bengal / Jharkhand border .
The Oeldorf Building , also known as Wetherell 's Jewelers , is a historic commercial building located at Parkersburg in Wood County , West Virginia , United States .
Lake Murchison is a man made water reservoir located in the Western region of Tasmania , Australia .
Dantaramgarh ( also Danta Ramgarh ) is a city and a municipality in Sikar district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
The Albert Kahn Building ( formerly New Center Building ) is an office building located at 7430 Second Avenue in the New Center area of Detroit , Michigan completed in 1931 .
The Richard J. Codey Arena at South Mountain ( formerly the South Mountain Arena ) is an ice hockey and ice skating arena in West Orange , New Jersey as part of the South Mountain Recreation Complex .
The Kennedy - Wade Mill , or Wade 's Mill , is a grist mill and national historic district located in Raphine , Virginia and listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Chenar Faryab ( Persian : چنارفارياب‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Fāryāb , Chenār - e Fāryāb , and Chenār Fārīāb ; also known as Chenār Pāryāb ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Basilica Palladiana is a Renaissance building in the central Piazza dei Signori in Vicenza , north - eastern Italy .
Qarah Gheybi ( Persian : قره غيبي‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Gheybī and Qareh Gheybī ; also known as Qara Kol ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Pipili ( also known as Pipli ) is a town and a NAC under jurisdiction of Puri district in the Indian state of Odisha .
Dort Federal Credit Union Event Center ( originally IMA Sports Arena and formerly Perani Arena and Event Center ) is a sports , entertainment and convention venue located in Flint , Michigan .
The Toano Range is a mountain range located in eastern Elko County , Nevada in the United States .
Ilard ( Persian : ايلرد‎ , also Romanized as Īlard ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Wilderness National Park , also called the Wilderness Section , is located around the seaside town of Wilderness between the larger towns of George and Knysna , in the Western Cape .
Yawning Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington , on the east slopes of Magic Mountain .
East Buckland is a small village and civil parish in the North Devon district of Devon , England , next to the village of West Buckland .
The Village of La Jolla , often simply referred to as the Village , is the center -- downtown area of La Jolla , a community within San Diego , on the South Coast of California .
Dardagny Castle is a castle in the municipality of Dardagny in the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland .
The New Granada Theater at 2007 Centre Avenue in the Hill District neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was built in 1927 and 1928 .
Podjezioro ( pɔdjɛˈʑɔrɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ruskołęka - Parcele ( ruskɔˈwɛŋka parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Weotinga ( or Weotenga ) is a town in the Zam Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso .
Castillo de Guardias Viejas is a castle located in the town of Los Baños de Guardias Viejas , within the municipality of El Ejido , Almería province , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
The Forward Wind Energy Center is a wind farm in Dodge and Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin near Brownsville , Wisconsin .
Burpee and Mills is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario .
Solon High School , founded in 1898 , is a public high school located in Solon , Ohio , a southeastern suburb of Cleveland in the Northeast Ohio Region , the 15th largest Combined Statistical Area in the United States .
Grove Hill New Mission Church ( also known as Omena Presbyterian Church ) is a historic church located at 5098 North West Bay Shore ( M-22 ) in Omena , Michigan .
Dong'an County ( simplified Chinese : 东安县 ; traditional Chinese : 東安縣 ; pinyin : Dōng'ān Xiàn ; literally : `` eastern peace '' ) is under the administration of Yongzhou , Hunan province , China .
Pana , Burkina Faso is a village in the Pompoï Department of Balé Province in southern Burkina Faso , Africa .
The Picket Range is a small , extremely rugged subrange of the North Cascades in the northwestern part of the American state of Washington .
Ružinov ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈruʒinow ) ) is a borough of eastern Bratislava .
Knobs State Forest is a state forest located in Bullitt County , Kentucky , United States .
George Harvey Collegiate Institute is a high school in Toronto , Ontario , Canada located at 1700 Keele Street .
Ramkrishnapur is a village in West Bengal , India , falling under the jurisdiction of Dakshin Dinajpur district .
Deh - e Naiyeh ( Persian : ده ناييه‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Nāīyeh ) is a village in Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kamchatka Oblast ( Russian : Камча́тская о́бласть , Kamchatskaya oblast ) was , until being incorporated into Kamchatka Krai on July 1 , 2007 , a federal subject of Russia ( an oblast ) .
Bodwannick Manor is a house north of Lanivet in mid Cornwall , England , Uk .
Nożynko ( nɔˈʐɨŋkɔ ) ( German Klein Nossin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Peter Jeppesen House is a house located in north Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Dasht - e Shur ( Persian : دشتشور‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Shūr , Dasht - i - Shūr , and Dasht Shūr ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ashland Theological Seminary ( ATS ) is an evangelical seminary located in Ashland , Ohio , with siteslocated in Cleveland , OH , Columbus , OH , and Detroit , MI .
The village of Montevecchio ( Gennas Serapis in Sardinian language ) is a frazione of the municipality of Guspini , while the mines are situated in the municipalities of both Arbus and Guspini .
Ipikil is a village nestled on Sulphur Bay on the island of Tanna in Vanuatu , set between New Guinea and Fiji .
Masełkowice ( masɛu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Garneau Theatre is a historic movie theatre located on 109 Street in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Apparao Palem is a village ( with a gram panchayat ) of Atmakur , Nellore district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Saint Vincent Academy ( SVA ) , is a four - year , Catholic , college preparatory school for women located on West Market Street in Newark , New Jersey , United States .
Neos Kosmos station is an interchange station between Athens Metro Line 2 and the Athens Tram .
Anteater Stadium is a 2,500 seat multi - purpose stadium on the campus of University of California , Irvine in Irvine , California .
Chahar Taq Bon ( Persian : چهارطاقبن‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Ţāq Bon ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Czermnica ( t͡ʂɛrmˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Rothenfier ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Spišská Stará Ves ( German : Alt(en)dorf ; Hungarian : Szepesófalu ; Polish : ( Stara ) Spiska Wieś ; Latin : Antiqua Villa ) is a small town and urban municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region of north Slovakia .
Pain Mahalleh - ye Keshteli ( Persian : پائين محله كشتلي‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh - ye Keshtelī ) is a village in Gatab - e Shomali Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sztombergi ( ʂtɔmˈbɛrɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
North Reading High School is the public high school serving students in grades 9 - 12 from the town of North Reading , Massachusetts .
WVPE ( 88.1 FM ) is the National Public Radio member station for the Michiana region of northern Indiana and southwest Michigan .
Sosenkowo ( sɔsɛŋˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ashperton is a small village about twelve miles east of Hereford , in Herefordshire , England .
Chapel Hill Mall is a one - story , 860,000 sq ft ( 80,000 m2 ) enclosed mall located at 2000 Brittain Road in Akron , Ohio .
Aimin District ( simplified Chinese : 爱民区 ; traditional Chinese : 愛民區 ; pinyin : Àimín Qū ) is a district of Mudanjiang , Heilongjiang , People 's Republic of China .
Zabór Wielki ( ˈzabur ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miękinia , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dr. Charles A. Foster House is a historic home located at Glens Falls , Warren County , New York .
Natham Patti ( Tamil : ta:நத்தம் பட்டி ) is a village in Srivilliputhur taluk , Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Alfred and Clara Sevareid House on 2nd St. , W. , in Velva , North Dakota was built in 1913 .
Goust is located on the territory of the commune of Laruns .
Meymand District ( Persian : بخش میمند‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Solovăstru ( Hungarian : Görgényoroszfalu , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɡørɡeːɲorosfɒlu ) ) is a commune in Mureş County , Romania that is composed of two villages , Jabeniţa ( Görgénysóakna ) and Solovăstru .
Four Gotes is a hamlet near Tydd St Giles in Cambridgeshire , England .
Green Springs Park is public park in Enterprise , Florida featuring a green - hued sulfur spring .
The Wheeler National Wildlife Refuge Warden 's Residence , known also simply as Warden 's Residence , is a house in Triana , Alabama .
The Pont d'Oxford is a cable - stayed road bridge over the Isère river in Grenoble , France .
Stade Mohamed Bensaïd is a multi - use stadium in Mostaganem , Algeria , it is a part of Complexe Commandant Ferradj .
The Lego - Brücke ( English : Lego Bridge ) is a concrete beam bridge which crosses over the Schwesterstraße in the North Rhine - Westphalian city of Wuppertal , Germany .
WURA is a Tejano broadcast radio station licensed to Quantico , Virginia , serving Metro Washington .
The Weslaco East High School ( established 2000 ) is a school in Weslaco , Texas , USA .
Pointe La Rue is an administrative district of Seychelles located in the eastern region of the island of Mahé .
Brookline High School is a four - year public high school in the town of Brookline , Massachusetts .
Butel Municipality ( Macedonian : Бутел ) is one of the ten municipalities that make up the city of Skopje , the capital of the Republic of Macedonia .
Eraines ( pro . Ehr - ehn ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie region in northwestern France .
Hnúšťa ( Hungarian : Nyustya ) is a town and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Daviri ( Persian : دويري‎ , also Romanized as Davīrī ) is a village in Senderk Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Coonawarra wine region is a wine region centred on the town of Coonawarra in the Limestone Coast zone of South Australia .
Shocks Mills Bridge carries tracks of the Norfolk Southern Railway ( formerly the Atglen and Susquehanna Branch of the Pennsylvania Railroad ) over the Susquehanna River between Marietta , Pennsylvania and Wago Junction , Pennsylvania .
Bardalssjøen or Bardal is a village in the municipality of Leirfjord in Nordland county , Norway .
The El Paso Museum of Archaeology is a museum which presents information about the prehistory of the area surrounding El Paso , Texas .
Qaleh Qafeh - ye Pain ( Persian : قلعه قافه پايين‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Qāfeh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 930 , in 233 families .
Bucciano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania , located about 40 km northeast of Naples and about 20 km southwest of Benevento on the southern slopes of the Monte Taburno .
Bard - e Morad Azma ( Persian : بردمردازما‎ , also Romanized as Bard - e Morad Āzmā ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kordkuy County ( Persian : شهرستان کردکوی‎ ) is a county in Golestan Province in Iran .
Arch of Triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and International Shrine of the Holy Innocents is a proposed Catholic shrine and monument in Buffalo , New York to honor the Virgin Mary and the Holy Innocents .
The Bärensteine is a massif in the state of Saxony in eastern Germany near Weißig .
Wimmera Highway is a 345 kilometre highway that connects the towns of Marong , Victoria and Naracoorte , South Australia , through the major junctions of Sunraysia Highway , Henty Highway and Western Highway .
Pleasant Harbor State Park is a Washington marine state park located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south of Brinnon off Highway 101 in Jefferson County .
The Trinity Hill is the oldest surviving district of Minsk , although it 's not part of the downtown , rather a suburb , hence another name , Trinity Suburb ( Trojeckaje Pradmiescie ) .
The Fort de Saint - Cyr , located in the commune of Montigny - le - Bretonneux , ( Yvelines ) , is one of the forts built at the end of the 19th century to defend Paris .
St Catherine 's Catholic School for Girls is a Roman Catholic girls ' secondary school with academy status , located in the Bexleyheath area of the London Borough of Bexley , England .
Yeylaqi - ye Ardeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ييلاقي ارده‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kenow Mountain is located in the Clark Range in the Flathead drainage of British Columbia .
Wilhelm Wagenfeld House ( German : Wilhelm - Wagenfeld - Haus ) is a design museum and exhibition centre in Bremen , Germany .
Zmyślanka ( zmɨˈɕlanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bjendag Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྦྱེད་ནག་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Wangdue Phodrang District , Bhutan .
The Andrew Crockett House , also known as the Crockett - Knox House , is a property in Brentwood , Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in 1988 .
Melbourne Town Hall is the central municipal building of the City of Melbourne , Australia , in the State of Victoria .
Uplift Community High School ( commonly known as simply Uplift ) is a public 4 - -year high school located in the Uptown neighborhood on the north side of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Lake Woytchugga is an ephemeral lake situated to the east of Wilcannia , New South Wales , Australia .
Lenham is a market village and civil parish in Kent situated on the southern edge of the North Downs , halfway between Maidstone and Ashford .
Wernigerode ( German pronunciation : ( ˌvɛɐ̯nɪɡəˈʁoːdə ) ) is a town in the district of Harz , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Razvandun ( Persian : رازوندون‎ , also Romanized as Rāzvandūn ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Women 's Rights National Historical Park was established in 1980 , and covers a total of 6.83 acres ( 27,600 m² ) of land in Seneca Falls and nearby Waterloo , New York , USA .
Reckendorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg , Bavaria , Germany .
Littlehempston is a village and civil parish in the South Hams District of Devon in England consisting of 83 households and a population of 207 ( total parish ) .
The Dohány Street Synagogue ( Hungarian : Dohány utcai zsinagóga / nagy zsinagóga , Hebrew : בית הכנסת הגדול של בודפשט‎ bet hakneset hagadol šel budapešt ) , also known as The Great Synagogue or Tabakgasse Synagogue , is a historical building in Erzsébetváros , the 7th district of Budapest , Hungary .
The Fitchburg Art Museum is a regional art museum based in Fitchburg , Worcester County , Massachusetts , USA .
The Château de Fonscolombe is a château , vineyard and winery in Le Puy - Sainte - Réparade .
Downtown Bentonville is the historic business district of Bentonville , Arkansas .
Akbarabad - e Pain ( Persian : اكبرابادپائين‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Kelarestaq - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Big Oaks National Wildlife Refuge is a 50,000-acre ( 202 km2 ) nature preserve in southeast Indiana , USA near Madison , Indiana .
Tallkrogen ( Swedish for the `` Pine Pub '' ) is a suburban city district located south of central Stockholm , Sweden , but within the Stockholm Municipality .
Algaida is a municipality on the Spanish Balearic island of Majorca .
North Layton Junior High School is a secondary school in Layton , Utah , serving parts of northern and northwestern Layton and Hill Air Force Base .
Tang - e Gur ( Persian : تنگ گور‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Gūr ; also known as Tang Gor ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Perry Avenue Bridge over the Silvermine River in the Silvermine section of Norwalk , Connecticut was built in 1899 .
Shek Uk Shan ( Chinese : 石屋山 ) is the highest spur ( 481 metres ) in Sai Kung Peninsula , Hong Kong .
KDCD - FM ( 92.9 FM , `` Lonestar 92.9 '' ) is a radio station that plays a `` True Country '' style of Texas Country Radio Music Format .
San Vito dei Normanni ( Santu Vitu in local dialect ) is an Italian town of 19,947 inhabitants of the province of Brindisi in Apulia .
The Kakisa River originates in northern Alberta , immediately south of the Northwest Territories border , from Creighton Lake , at an elevation of 570 meters ( 1,870 ft ) .
The St. Seraphim Chapel , in Lower Kalskag , Alaska , United States , in Bethel Census Area , is a historic Russian Orthodox church that may include a portion built in 1843 , or it may have all been built later .
Lubostronie ( lubɔsˈtrɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Zalavár is a village in Hungary , located in Zala County .
Safiyeh ( Persian : صفيه‎ , also Romanized as Şafīyeh , Şafeyeh , Safīyeh , and Safyeh ) is a village in Nayband Rural District , Chah - e Mobarak District , Asaluyeh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
KLJZ ( 93.1 FM , `` Z93 '' ) is a commercial radio station in Yuma , Arizona , USA .
The National War Museum is housed in Edinburgh , and forms part of National Museums Scotland .
The Johnston Gate is one of the several entrances to Harvard Yard in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Zolmabad - e Sofla ( Persian : ظلم ابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Z̧olmābād - e Soflá ; also known as Z̧olmābād - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District , Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Shovel Down is an area of Dartmoor in Devon that is covered in megaliths including the remains of several stone rows , the Fourfold Stone Circle , and several standing stones .
Ege University ( Ege Üniversitesi in Turkish ) is a public university in İzmir , Turkey .
The University of Missouri ( also , Mizzou , MU , or University of Missouri -- Columbia ) is a public , land - grant , research university located in the U.S. state of Missouri .
Mamadapur ( KL ) is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka , India .
The Kazoo Museum is a museum dedicated to the history of the kazoo , located in Beaufort , South Carolina .
Saraqib ( Arabic : سراقب‎ also spelled Saraqeb or Saraqueb ) is a city in northwestern Syria , administratively belonging to the Idlib Governorate , located east of Idlib .
Feyzianeh - e Sofla ( Persian : فيزيانه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Feyzīāneh - e Soflá ; also known as Feyzīāneh - e Pā’īn , Fezāneh Pā’īn , Fezāneh - ye Pā’īn , and Fezyāneh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Hendudur Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Alnarp Castle ( Swedish : Alnarps slott ) is located in Alnarp , Lomma Municipality , Scania , approximately 10 km north of Malmö in southern Sweden .
The Merritt Parkway ( also known locally as `` The Merritt '' ) is a historic limited - access parkway in Fairfield County , Connecticut , the first of its kind .
Larestan County ( Persian : شهرستان لارستان‎‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
Millarville is a hamlet in Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Foothills No . 31 .
Whitehouse Field is a baseball venue in Harwich , Massachusetts , home to the Harwich Mariners of the Cape Cod Baseball League .
Bukіvka ( Ukrainian : Буківка ; Romanian : Poieni or Poieni - Bucovina ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Hertsa Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
The Defiance Public Library is a historic Tudor Revival library located on Fort Street in Defiance , Ohio .
Toewang Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྟོད་ཝང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Punakha District , Bhutan .
The John Mackintosh Hall is the main cultural centre in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
Hilton High School is part of the 4,450-student Hilton Central School District , a public school system based in Hilton , a suburb of Rochester , New York .
The William Shay Double House is a residential duplex at Point Street and River Road in New Hamburg , New York , United States .
The Kennedy - Worthington Blocks are three historic commercial and industrial blocks on the east side of Main Street , a few blocks north of the downtown core of Springfield , Massachusetts .
Meems Bottom Covered Bridge ( also Meem 's Bottom Covered Bridge ) is a covered bridge in Shenandoah County , Virginia , United States .
Kington St Michael is a village and civil parish about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) north of Chippenham in Wiltshire , England .
Strzebiń ( ˈstʂɛbiɲ ) ( German Strzebien ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszęcin , within Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Cascade Canal is a canal located in Klamath and Jackson counties , in the U.S. State of Oregon .
Kustrawa ( kusˈtrava ) ( Ukrainian : Кустрава , Kustrava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszów , within Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Tukayevsky District ( Russian : Тукаевский райо́н ; Tatar : Тукай районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the forty - three in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia .
Dixie State University ( formerly Dixie State College ) is a public university located in St. George , Utah , United States .
Sumas Mountain is a mountain located in Whatcom County , Washington , 15 miles northeast of Bellingham and southwest of Vedder Mountain .
The Children 's Museum of Atlanta ( from 2003 - 2011 , known as `` Imagine It ! The Children 's Museum of Atlanta '' ) is a children 's museum located in Atlanta , Georgia , founded in 1988 as a `` Museum Without Walls '' and opened to the public in 2003 .
Nanur District ( Persian : بخش ننور‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Alma - ye Sofla ( Persian : الماسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Almā - ye Soflá ; also known as Almā ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Poplar Airport ( FAA LID : 42S ) is a public use airport located in Poplar , a town in Roosevelt County , Montana , United States .
225 Liberty Street , formerly Two World Financial Center , is one of the largest skyscrapers in New York City , located at 225 Liberty Street in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Balbi 's Arch ( Croatian : Balbijev luk ) , in Rovinj , Croatia , was built in 1678 - -79 .
Gilsland is a village in northern England about 20 miles ( 32 km ) west of Hexham , and about 18 miles ( 29 km ) east of Carlisle , which straddles the border between Cumbria and Northumberland .
Skeld , ( Old Norse : Skjolðr , Shield or shelter ) is a village on the south side of the West Shetland Mainland .
Charles C. Hovey House and Strong Leather Company Mill is a historic home and mill located at Bainbridge in Chenango County , New York .
The Stuttgart S - Bahn is a suburban railway system ( S - Bahn ) serving the Stuttgart Region , an urban agglomeration of around 2.7 million people , consisting of the city of Stuttgart and the adjacent districts of Esslingen , Böblingen , Ludwigsburg and Rems - Murr - Kreis .
League Field is a former American football stadium located in Canton , Ohio .
Mohammadabad - e Ashur Pashur ( Persian : محمداباداشورپاشور‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Āshūr Pāshūr ; also known as Āshūr Pāshūr and Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Australian Butterfly Sanctuary is a butterfly zoo and exhibit situated in the centre of Kuranda , Queensland , Australia .
The Thunderbolt Express was the only shuttle roller coaster in West Virginia .
Szymanowice Dolne ( ʂɨmanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Abraham Dickerson Farmhouse is a historic residence in the town of Montgomery in Orange County , New York , United States .
Yester House is an early 18th - century mansion near Gifford in East Lothian , Scotland .
Wing Park Golf Course in Elgin , Illinois is the `` oldest and best preserved nine - hole municipal golf course in Illinois . ''
Kambel Mohammad Azim ( Persian : كمبل محمدعظيم‎ , also Romanized as Kambel Moḩammad ʿAz̧īm ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Pensmore is a manor under construction in the Ozark Mountains of Highlandville , Missouri .
Dozdband ( Persian : دزدبند‎ ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wola Chruścińska ( ˈvɔla xruɕˈt͡ɕiɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łanięta , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Strączków ( ˈstrɔnt͡ʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Hoseynabad - e Khoda Bandeh ( Persian : حسين ابادخدابنده‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Khodā Bandeh ; also known as Hosein Abad and Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Abbots Bickington is a village and civil parish in the English county of Devon , located 7.7 miles north - northeast of Holsworthy and near the River Torridge .
Search Well is a historic home and farm complex located at Burtner , Washington County , Maryland , United States .
Ołużna ( ɔˈwuʐna ) ( German : Seefeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bala / Muskoka Float Flying Club Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CBA6 ) , is located on Lake Muskoka , 2.7 nautical miles ( 5.0 km ; 3.1 mi ) east northeast of Bala , Ontario , Canada .
Santo Stefano in Aspromonte is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria .
Noen Phoem ( Thai : เนินเพิ่ม ) is a subdistrict in the Nakhon Thai District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Camp Kiwanee is a summer camp and function facility at 1 Camp Kiwanee Road in Hanson , Massachusetts .
Spirit Mound Historic Prairie is a state park of South Dakota , USA , featuring a prominent hill on the Great Plains .
KHAK ( 98.1 FM ) is a radio station that broadcasts a country music format to the Cedar Rapids - Iowa City , Iowa area .
The Hannibal Locks and Dam are a United States Army Corps of Engineers concrete locks and lift gate dam , located at river mile marker 126.4 on the Ohio River at Hannibal , Ohio and New Martinsville , West Virginia .
Aqbal ( Persian : اقبال‎,also romanised as Āqbāl or Iqbāl and Eqbāl ) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
From 28 December to 2 January each year , Santikhiri hosts the annual cherry blossoms festival , which is organised by Mae Salong Nok Tambon Administration Organisation in association with Mae Fa Luang District .
The Boley Historic District ( BHD ) , in Boley , Oklahoma is the original business area of an all - black town founded in 1903 .
Jhalari झलारी is a Village Development Committee in Kanchanpur District in the Mahakali Zone of South - Far - Western Nepal .
Sardulgarh tehsil is one of the three tehsils ( or taluk ) of Mansa district of Punjab , India .
The Volunteer Park Conservatory is a botanical garden , conservatory , and Seattle landmark located in Seattle , Washington at the north end of Volunteer Park on Capitol Hill .
Vällingby ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈvɛllɪŋˌbyː ) ; by most Swedes today understood as `` Gruel Village '' , see history below ) is a suburban district in Västerort in the western part of Stockholm Municipality , Sweden .
Rue Pastourelle is a street in the third district ( or arrondissement ) of Paris .
The Bill Graham Civic Auditorium ( formerly San Francisco Civic Auditorium ) is a multi - purpose arena in San Francisco , California , currently named after promoter Bill Graham .
It is located next to the Lapua River in the province of Western Finland and is part of the Southern Ostrobothnia region .
Keshiary ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in Paschim Medinipur district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Soum , Boulkiemdé is a town in the Nanoro Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso .
Ebrahimabad - e Yazdani ( Persian : ابراهيم آباد يزداني‎ , also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād - e Yazdānī ; also known as Ebrāhīmābād ) is a village in Qohab - e Rastaq Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Eshkiyet ( Persian : اشكيت‎ , also Romanized as Eshkīyet ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Enchanted Rock ( 16710 Ranch Rd 965 , Fredericksburg TX ) is an enormous pink granite pluton batholith located in the Llano Uplift approximately 17 miles ( 27 km ) north of Fredericksburg , Texas and 24 miles ( 39 km ) south of Llano , Texas , United States .
The Beaches ( also known as `` The Beach '' ) is a neighbourhood in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
It is the location of the Regierungsbezirk Arnsberg 's administration and one of the three local administration offices of the Hochsauerlandkreis .
Puthencruz ( Malayalam : പുത്തൻകുരിശ് , Puttan kuriśŭ ) is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala near Kolenchery town .
Deh - e Kabuter Pirzal ( Persian : ده كبوترپيرزال‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Kabūter Pīrzāl ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Artichoke Joe 's Casino is a card club in San Bruno , California .
The Umpqua Basin is a watershed in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Old Tai Po Police Station ( 舊大埔警署 ) is a former Hong Kong police station at the top of Tai Po Wan Tau Tong Hill .
Wende Correctional Facility is a maximum security prison located in Town of Alden in Erie County , New York .
International Business District Station is a subway station on , and terminus of , Line 1 of the Incheon Subway .
Cooperative Village is a community of housing cooperatives on the Lower East Side of Manhattan , New York City .
The Tippecanoe County Courthouse is located on the public square in the city of Lafayette in Tippecanoe County , Indiana .
Sha Lan Tsuen ( Chinese : 沙欄村 ) is a small village in Hong Kong , to the east of the Tai Po New Town .
State Forest State Park is a Colorado State Park located in Jackson and Larimer counties east of Walden , Colorado .
Épiniac ( Breton : Sperneg , Gallo : Espeinyac ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
New Bullards Bar Reservoir is a large reservoir in northeastern Yuba County , California , at an elevation of 2,000 feet ( 610 m ) in the Tahoe National Forest and about 30 miles ( 50 km ) northeast of Yuba City , California .
Kivides ( Greek : Κυβίδες ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 10 km north of Erimi .
Dąbkowa Parowa ( dɔmpˈkɔva paˈrɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kizhuparamba or Keezhuparamba is a village and Panchayath on the northern boundary of Malappuram District In Kerala State of India .
Videle ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈvidele ) ) is a town in Teleorman County , southern Romania , with a population of 11,112 in 2011 .
Asfiukh ( Persian : اسفيوخ‎ , also Romanized as Asfīūkh ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yunlong County ( 云龙县 ; pinyin : Yúnlóng Xiàn ) is in the Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture located in Yunnan Province , China .
Sadshusef ( Persian : سدشوسف‎ , also Romanized as Sadshūsef ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Molla Arreh ( Persian : ملااره‎ , also Romanized as Mollā Arreh , Mollā Areh , and Mollā - ye Areh ; also known as Mol Yareh and Mulla Areh ) is a village in Famur Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Rima San Giuseppe ( Piemontese : Rima , Walser German : Arimmu or Ind Rimmu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) north of Turin and about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) northwest of Vercelli .
The Georgetown Hospital is a community hospital located in the Georgetown area of Halton Hills , Ontario .
The Prince Hall Mystic Cemetery , also known as the Prince Hall Cemetery , is a historic cemetery located on Gardner Street , Arlington , Massachusetts .
Norwich Town Hall is a historic town hall at Union Street and Broadway in Norwich , Connecticut .
Motorzyny - Leśniczówka ( mɔtɔˈʐɨnɨ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Marywell is a village in Angus , Scotland , that is north of Arbroath , in the parish of St Vigeans .
KUDU ( 91.9 FM , `` 91.9 KUDU '' ) is a commercial radio station airing religious programming in Tok , Alaska .
Gürün ( TAO : Կիւրին , RAO : Կյուրին ) is a town and a district of Sivas Province of Turkey .
Dürrröhrsdorf - Dittersbach ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdʏɐ̯ʁøːɐ̯sˌdɔɐ̯f ˈdɪtɐsˌbax ) ) is a municipality in the district of Sächsische Schweiz - Osterzgebirge , Saxony , Germany .
Dalmally ( Scottish Gaelic : Clachan an Dìseirt or Dail Mhàilidh ) is a village in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Silambinathanpettai is a village and panchayat of Cuddalore district , Tamil Nadu , India , located between Cuddalore and Panruti .
Hiv Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هيو‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Jarząbka ( jaˈʐɔmpka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Birčna Vas ( pronounced ( ˈbiːɾtʃna ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Birčna vas ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Thornton Steward is a small village and civil parish in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire , England , near Wensleydale , with a population of 100 - 200 , measured at 199 in the 2011 Census .
Gladys Porter Zoo is a zoological and botanical park located in Brownsville , Texas .
The McBride - Sims Garage at 600 N. State St. in Orem , Utah is a brick building built in c.1920 , in what is termed Early Commercial architecture .
Griggs Dam is located within the Columbus , Ohio city limits , on the Scioto River near Upper Arlington , Ohio , in Franklin County .
Fankerton is a small village which lies within the Falkirk council area of Scotland .
South Side Market Building ( or South Side Market House ) is a historic market house at 12th and Bingham Streets in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Pukeashun Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located north of the community of Scotch Creek , near the city of Salmon Arm .
The Silversmith Hotel & Suites is a boutique hotel located in downtown Chicago , Illinois , USA .
Perimeter Mall is an upscale super - regional shopping mall in Dunwoody , Georgia , just north of Atlanta , near the highway interchange of Interstate 285 ( the Perimeter , for which the mall was named ) and Georgia 400 .
Barbagallo Raceway is a motorsport circuit located in Wanneroo , approximately 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) north of Perth in Western Australia .
Manzariyeh ( Persian : منظریه‎ , also Romanized as Manz̧arīyeh ) is a city in the Central District of Shahreza County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kidatu is a town in southern Tanzania located in Kilombero District , Morogoro Region .
Purwantoro is one of the districts in Wonogiri Regency , Indonesia .
The Wortham Theater Center is a performing arts center located in downtown Houston , Texas , United States .
Goxhill is a large village and civil parish in North Lincolnshire , England .
Volčanski Ruti ( pronounced ( ʋɔu̯ˈtʃaːnski ˈɾuːti ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills to the south of Volče in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia , close to the border with Italy .
Mala Berezovytsia ( Ukrainian : Мала Березовиця ; Polish : Berezowica Mała ) is a village in Zbarazh Raion , Ternopil Oblast , western Ukraine .
The Thomas Creek Archeological District is an U.S. historic district located east of Chumuckla , Florida .
Shockoe Slip is a district in the downtown area of Richmond , Virginia .
Sohroki ( Persian : سهركي‎ , also Romanized as Sohrokī ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Cwmduad ( Welsh `` Cwm '' valley + `` duad '' ( river Duad ) ) is a village in Carmarthenshire , West Wales .
Pieszewo ( pjɛˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German Petermanns ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Sunathar is a village in Ganjam district , in Odisha state , India .
Cedarburg Bog is a bog located in Ozaukee County , Wisconsin owned by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources and the University of Wisconsin--
The DeWint House , or De Wint House , at Tappan , New York is one of the oldest surviving structures in Rockland County , New York and is an outstanding example of Hudson Valley Colonial Dutch architecture .
Bidarashan ( Persian : بيدرشان‎ , also Romanized as Bīdarashān ; also known as Berashān ) is a village in Gol - e Cheydar Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Brzezimierz ( bʐɛˈʑimjɛʂ ) ( German : Wüstebriese ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Starfire Sports is a sporting facility in Tukwila , Washington , on the banks of the Green River , near Seattle .
Laviana ( Asturian : Llaviana ) is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias , located in Spain .
Mill Bluff State Park is a state park in west - central Wisconsin , United States .
Amodra is a small village of Una Taluka of gir somnath District in Gujarat .
Gorenje Grčevje ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ɡəɾˈtʃeːu̯jɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Gooch Creek Arch is a natural sandstone arch in Rhea County , Tennessee .
Kirkstall Forge railway station was a railway station located on the Leeds to Bradford Line between Leeds and Shipley , West Yorkshire , England .
Tekkalakote also spelled as Tekkalakota ( Kannada : ತೆಕ್ಕಲಕೋಟೆ ) is a panchayat town in Bellary district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
The Burden Iron Works was an iron works and industrial complex on the Hudson River and Wynantskill Creek in Troy , New York .
Chehel Hojreh ( Persian : چهل حجره‎ , also Romanized as Chehel Ḩojreh ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rialton Grange was a grange in St Columb Minor in Cornwall , UK , belonging to the priors of Bodmin .
Duluth Denfeld High School , also known as Denfeld High School , is one of two high schools in Duluth , Minnesota , along with Duluth East as of 2011 after the closure of Duluth Central .
Kirchdorf am Inn ( English : Kirchdorf on the Inn ) is a municipality in the district of Rottal - Inn in Bavaria in Germany .
The Durham Farmers ' Market is a producer - only farmer 's market located in Durham , North Carolina , established in 1998 .
Waverly Junior and Senior High School , also known as Mary W. Muldoon High School , is a historic school located at Waverly in Tioga County , New York .
Kuna High School is a public secondary school in Kuna , Idaho , the only traditional high school in the Kuna Joint School District # 3 , located in southwest Ada County , west of Boise and south of Meridian .
Clarkson Corners Historic District is a national historic district located at the hamlet of Clarkson Corners in Monroe County , New York .
Zalabiye ( Arabic : زلبيّة‎ ) is an archaeological site on the left bank of the Euphrates in Deir ez - Zor Governorate , Syria .
The Uranquinty Power Station is a 640MW gas - fired power station located in Uranquinty , New South Wales , Australia , comprising four Siemens V94.2 gas turbines .
Helton Creek Falls is a series of two waterfalls located within the Chattahoochee National Forest in Union County , Georgia .
Fereydunshahr County ( Persian : شهرستان فریدونشهر‎ ) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran .
Gsies ( Italian : Valle di Casies ) is a valley and comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) northeast of Bolzano , on the border with Austria .
Koshlong Creek is a river in geographic Glamorgan Township in the municipality of Highlands East , Haliburton County in Central Ontario , Canada .
Jukebox Radio was a low power FM radio station in Dumont , New Jersey from 1993 to 2003 with the call letters W276AQ on 103.1 FM .
Aviation Mall is a major regional shopping mall in Queensbury , New York .
Kałkowskie ( kau̯ˈkɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Todok or Todog , known in Chinese as Tuotuo Township ( Chinese : 托托乡 , p Tuōtuōxiāng ) , is a rural township in Jinghe County in Xinjiang , the northwestern province of the China .
Judiciary Square is a neighborhood in Northwest Washington , D.C. , the vast majority of which is occupied by various federal and municipal courthouses and office buildings .
Red Deer College is a public comprehensive community college of approximately 7,000 students in credit programs and 10,000 in non - credit programming located in Red Deer , Alberta , Canada .
Krasnoborki ( krasnɔˈbɔrki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Soundrapandiapuram ( Soundra Pandia Puram ) is a village of Tirunelveli district in Radhapuram Taluk , Tamil Nadu , India .
Rajakeh ( Persian : رجاكه‎ , also Romanized as Rajākeh ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kutyłowo - Bródki ( kutɨˈwɔvɔ ˈbrutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Little Camas Dam is an earthfill type dam on Little Camas Creek , in Elmore County , Idaho , United States .
Reuland Castle is a castle in southeast Belgium , Burg - Reuland , near the border of Germany , probably built after 1148 by the von Reuland nobles .
Guishan District ( traditional Chinese : 龜山區 ; simplified Chinese : 龟山区 ; pinyin : Guīshān Qū ) is a rural district in northeastern Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Opoka - Kolonia Józefin ( ɔˈpɔka kɔˈlɔɲa juˈzɛfʲin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Riverside Polytechnic High School is a four - year public high school in Riverside , California , United States , and part of the Riverside Unified School District .
The Red Rock Indian Band ( also known as Lake Helen First Nation ) is an Ojibway First Nation band government in Northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Tahrui ( Persian : طاهرويي‎ , also Romanized as Ţāhrū’ī and Ţāherū’ī ; also known as Ţāherānī , Ţāherū , Tarū , and Turu ) is a village in Sirik Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Barwon Heads Bridge is a road bridge and a separate pedestrian bridge over the Barwon River between Barwon Heads and Ocean Grove , Victoria ( Australia ) , Australia .
Qader Khalaj ( Persian : قادرخلج‎ , also Romanized as Qāder Khalaj ; also known as Ghader Khalaj and Qādīr Khala ) is a village in Boghrati Rural District , Sardrud District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Amgachhi आमगाछी is a town and business center under Rangeli Municipality in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern Nepal .
Brevard Public Schools is a school district serving Brevard County , Florida , and based in Viera , Florida .
Hamidiya ( Persian : حميديا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamīdīyā ; also known as Shahr - e Ḩamīdīyā ) is a city in the Central District , of Yazd County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The National Emerging Infectious Diseases Laboratories , or NEIDL , is a biosciences facility of Boston University located near Boston Medical Center on Albany Street in the South End neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
The Aztec Ruins National Monument preserves Ancestral Puebloan structures in north - western New Mexico , United States , located close to the town of Aztec and northeast of Farmington , near the Animas River .
Sopieszyno ( sɔpjɛˈʂɨnɔ ) ( in Kashubian Sopieszëno ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Little Pine State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on 2,158 acres ( 873 ha ) in Cummings Township , Lycoming County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Jandiala Sherkhan , or Jandiala Sher Khan ( Urdu : جنڈيالہ شيرخان‎ ) , is a town of Sheikhupura District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The Tallahatchee Covered Bridge ( sometimes spelled ' Tallasseehatchee ' ) , also known as the Prickett Covered Bridge , was a privately owned wood and metal combination style covered bridge which spanned a pond near Nances Creek in Calhoun County , Alabama , United States .
Bardsey , West Yorkshire , England is a small village in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough , 8 miles ( 13 km ) north east of Leeds city centre .
Nowy Janków ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈjaŋkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Governor DeWitt Clinton Houses , also known as DeWitt Clinton Houses or Clinton Houses , is a public housing development built and maintained by the New York City Housing Authority ( NYCHA ) in the Spanish Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan .
The United States Army Logistics University ( ALU ) , a subordinate school of the United States Army Combined Arms Support Command , is located at Fort Lee , Virginia .
S - charl is a village in the municipality of Scuol , located in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
The West Side Highway ( officially the Joe DiMaggio Highway ) is a mostly surface section of New York State Route 9A ( NY 9A ) that runs from West 72nd Street along the Hudson River to the southern tip of Manhattan in New York City .
Płocie ( ˈpwɔt͡ɕe ) ( formerly German Plötzenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Unikowice ( unikɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Borawskie - Awissa - Kolonia ( bɔˈrafskʲɛ aˈvissa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Garevina ( Serbian : Гаревина ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac , Serbia .
Taleb Khan ( Persian : طالبخان‎ , also Romanized as Ţāleb Khān and Ţālebkhān ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
William F. Curtis Arboretum ( 84 acres ) , sometimes called Curtis Arboretum , is an arboretum located on the campus of Cedar Crest College , in Allentown , Lehigh County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Kosut ( Persian : كسوت‎ , also Romanized as Kosūt ) is a village in Garmab Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Pain Marznak ( Persian : پائين مرزناك‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Marznāk ) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The UCL Slade School of Fine Art ( informally The Slade ) is the art school of University College London ( UCL ) and is based in London , United Kingdom .
The Greater Green River Intergalactic Spaceport is a small public use airstrip about five miles south of Green River , Wyoming on a mountain known as South Hill .
Hendim ( Persian : هنديم‎ , also Romanized as Hendīm and Handīm ) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District , Pariz District , Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Beurs - World Trade Center is located on the Coolsingel and Beursplein in the centre of Rotterdam .
The Mozingo Lake Golf Course is a 7,137 yard long , 18-hole municipal golf course on the banks of Mozingo Lake in Nodaway County , Missouri .
Ruchna ( ˈruxna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The `` Roman Line '' was the informal name for the road formally known as Concession Six , Biddulph Township , Middlesex County , Ontario , Canada .
Finneytown High School is a public high school in Springfield Township ( Hamilton County , Ohio ) .
Morliny ( mɔrˈlinɨ ) ( German Mörlen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dowri ( Persian : دوري‎ , also Romanized as Dowrī ) is a village in Ruin Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Schmitt and Henry Manufacturing Company is a complex of three historic buildings located in downtown Des Moines , Iowa , United States .
Venlaw Castle , also known as Smithfield Castle , lies north of Peebles on the Edinburgh Road in the Borders of Scotland .
Lamerton is a village located 3 miles north - west of the town of Tavistock in Devon , England .
Deh Nazer ( Persian : ده نظر‎ , also Romanized as Deh Naẓer ) is a village in Dehsard Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Brandywine Creek State Park is a state park , located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) north of Wilmington , Delaware along the Brandywine Creek .
Innisfail State High School is one of two high schools situated in Innisfail , Queensland , Australia .
Dunecht ( Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Eicht ) is a slightly linear village on the A944 road in north - east Aberdeenshire in Scotland .
Patteeswaram is a village , eight kilometres from Kumbakonam in the state of Tamil Nadu in India .
Mojusz ( ˈmɔjuʂ ) ( Kashubian : Mòjsz ; German : Moisch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gunalda is a town in the Australian state of Queensland in the Gympie Region local government area , 196 kilometres ( 122 mi ) from the state capital , Brisbane .
Lumaco is a town and commune in Malleco Province in the Araucanía Region of Chile .
Glenns Ferry High School is a four - year public secondary school in Elmore County , Idaho , located in the city of Glenns Ferry .
Heldenplatz ( German : Heroes ' Square ) is a public space in front of Hofburg Palace in Vienna , Austria .
Bonny Lake State Park is a state park located in Yuma County , Colorado near Idalia .
Carpenter Island is a man - made , backward letter L - shaped island and boat launch area on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington .
Brooks Island Salt Marsh is a wetlands area on Brooks Island in Brooks Island Regional Shoreline a San Francisco Bay Area East Bay Regional Parks District preserve in Richmond , California .
Crookesmoor Road is a main road in Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England connecting the districts of Crookes , Crookesmoor and Broomhill .
WHYF ( 720 AM ) is a Catholic religious formatted radio station in Shiremanstown , Pennsylvania .
Podlesiec ( pɔdˈlɛɕɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Redlin Art Center is an art gallery located in Watertown , South Dakota where over 150 of artist Terry Redlin 's original paintings are displayed .
French Valley is a valley in southwestern Riverside County , near the cities and communities of Hemet , Winchester , and Temecula in the state of California , United States .
Occasionally known in English as The Scaw , it is situated on the east coast of the Skagen Odde peninsula in the far north of Jutland , it is part of Frederikshavn Municipality in Region Nordjylland .
Roszkowa Wola ( rɔʂˈkɔva ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczyca , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hoboken Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves children in Kindergarten through twelfth grade in Hoboken , in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Presbyterian Church in New Scotland and the New Scotland Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located at New Scotland in Albany County , New York .
Strojiči ( pronounced ( ˈstɾoːjitʃi ) or ( stɾɔˈjiːtʃi ) ; in older sources also Strojč , German : Stroitsch ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia , right on the border with Croatia .
The Richard B. Dunn Solar Telescope is a unique vertical - axis solar telescope , located at the National Solar Observatory at Sacramento Peak , New Mexico .
Noorderhaaks ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌnoːrdərˈɦaːks ) ) , also called Razende bol ( Raging ball in Dutch ) , is an uninhabited Dutch island in the North Sea , a few kilometres west of the Marsdiep which separates the island of Texel from mainland Netherlands .
The Robledo Mountains are a mountain range in Doña Ana County , New Mexico just northwest of Las Cruces .
Vadner is a town of about 30,000 people in Nashik district .
Kaumahina State Wayside Park or Kaumahina State Park , is located in Maui County , Hawaii , 28.3 miles ( 45.5 km ) East of Kahului and 22.4 miles ( 36.0 km ) West of Hana along the Hana Highway .
Vyhoda ( Ukrainian : Вигода , also Wygoda , Vigoda ) is an urban - type settlement located in Dolyna Raion in Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast , approximately 120 km from Lviv .
Issele Ukwu is a city in Nigeria 's Delta State and headquarters for the Local Government Area of Aniocha North .
Yingxiu ( Chinese : 映秀 ; pinyin : Yìngxiù ) is a town of southern Wenchuan County , northwestern Sichuan province of Southwest China .
Haas Hall Academy is a public charter secondary school located in Fayetteville , Arkansas , United States , and serving students in grades seven through twelve .
Stadion Rote Erde ( Red Earth Stadium ) is a 25,000 capacity ( 3,000 seated ) football and athletics stadium in Dortmund , North Rhine - Westphalia .
UL Bend National Wildlife Refuge is a 56,048 acres ( 22,682 ha ) protected area that is located in central Montana , United States .
Javkhede is village in Jalgaon district , tehsil Amalner in state of Maharashtra , India .
The New England Confectionery Company Factory , also known as the NECCO Candy Factory , is an historic factory complex at 250 Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Dar Balut - e Sofla ( Persian : داربلوطسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Dār Balūţ - e Soflá ; also known as Dār Balūţ - e Pā’īn , Dār Balūţeh Soflá , and Dār Balūt Pāīn ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Nyewood is a hamlet in the Chichester district of West Sussex , England situated in the Western Rother valley .
Shahrak - e Bidokht ( Persian : شهرك بيدخت‎ , also Romanized as Shahraḵ - e Bīdokht ; also known as Beydokht and Bīdokht ) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tihemetsa is a small borough ( alevik ) in Saarde Parish , Pärnu County in southern Estonia .
Abdia ( Persian : عبديا‎ , also Romanized as `` Abdīā ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 60 , in 20 families .
The Soberton and Newtown Millennium Walk 2000 is an 10-mile circular footpath through Hampshire , England around villages of Soberton and Newtown .
Hochatown State Park is an Oklahoma state park in far - southeastern Oklahoma , north of the city of Broken Bow .
The National Helicopter Museum is a non - profit museum focused on the history of the helicopter and aviation industry around Stratford , Connecticut in the United States .
Łopoń ( ˈwɔpɔɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Šutkovići ( Cyrillic : Шутковићи ) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tibbitt Lake is a lake in the Canadian Northwest Territories .
Zilet ( Persian : ذيلت‎ , also Romanized as Z̄īlet and Zīlet ; also known as Zelet and Zelīt ) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Jawoyn people are a group of Indigenous Australians living in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Brindabella Road , also known as Tumut Road , links Canberra and Tumut , New South Wales via the Brindabella Ranges .
Randleman Lake is a reservoir on the Deep River in Randolph and Guilford Counties in central North Carolina , extending from just northwest of Randleman to east of High Point .
The Opal Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Willamette National Forest in the U.S. state of Oregon , on the border of the Mount Hood National Forest .
Sinjoro is a taluka , an administrative subdivision , of Sanghar District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Hedesunda is a locality and a parish situated in Gävle Municipality , Gävleborg County , Sweden with 1,028 inhabitants as of 2010 .
West Caldwell Tech is a regional public high school located in West Caldwell , that offers occupational and academic instruction for students in ninth through twelfth grades in Essex County , New Jersey , United States , operating as part of the Essex County Vocational Technical Schools .
The Lukachukai Mountains are a mountain range in northeast Arizona , entirely within the Navajo Indian Reservation .
During the first intensive phase of the Spitsbergen whale fishery , Smeerenburg served as the centre of operations in the north .
Rancho Cañada de Herrera was a 6,658-acre ( 26.94 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present day Marin County , California given in 1839 by Governor pro tem Manuel Jimeno to Domingo Sais ( also spelled Saens or Saez ) .
The South Ferry Plaza , also called A Lighthouse At The Tip Of The Island , was a supertall skyscraper proposed in 1987 to rise right next to the East River on Manhattan Island in New York City .
Stöckheim - Leiferde is a Stadtbezirk ( city district ) in the southern part of Braunschweig ( Brunswick ) , Germany .
Bethen is a small town on the edge of the German city Cloppenburg in Lower Saxony .
Harbor Park is a stadium , used primarily for baseball , on the Elizabeth River , in downtown Norfolk , Virginia .
Hasanabad - e Gorji ( Persian : حسن ابادگرجي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Gorjī ; also known as Ḩasanābād - e Shāhrāh ) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Andersnatten is a mountain located in Eggedal in the municipality of Sigdal in Buskerud , Norway .
Halstead High School is a public high school located in Halstead , Kansas , USA , serving students in grades 9 - 12 .
Lynbrook High School ( also referred to as Lynbrook or LHS ) is a co - educational , public , four - year high school located in the West San Jose neighborhood of San Jose , California , USA .
The MacDonald Highlands are a series of highly affluent residential neighborhoods in Henderson , Nevada in the foothills of Black Mountain .
Bierdzany ( bjɛrˈd͡zanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Energy Efficiency Center is a research center on the Oregon State University campus that looks to promote renewable energies and energy efficiency in the industrial , agricultural and commercial sectors .
Bochówko ( bɔˈxufkɔ ) ( Kashubian : Bòchówkò ; German : Bochowke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Burghwallis is a small village and civil parish in rural South Yorkshire , England .
The Franklin Common Historic District is a historic district encompassing the traditional village center of Franklin , Massachusetts .
Konarestan - e Sofla ( Persian : كنارستان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Konārestān - e Soflá ; also known as Konārestān ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zavait ( Serbian Cyrillic : Заваит ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Sinnett Octagon House built in 1855 is an historic octagonal house in Muscatine , Iowa .
Ayot St Peter is a village and civil parish in the Welwyn Hatfield district of Hertfordshire , England , about two miles north - west of Welwyn Garden City .
Buxhall is a village and a civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district , in the county of Suffolk , England .
Gordonstoun school is a co - educational independent school for boarding and day pupils in Moray , Scotland .
Vanastra , Ontario , Canada , is located in the municipality of Huron East in Huron County , three kilometres south of the community of Clinton .
Petriș ( Hungarian : Marospetres ) is a commune in Arad County , Romania , is situated in the contact zone of Mureș Couloir with Metaliferi Mountains .
The Salt Lake Oil Field is an oil field underneath the city of Los Angeles , California .
The 1985 Nahanni earthquakes is the name for a continuous sequence of earthquakes that began in 1985 in the Nahanni region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
The King of Prussia Inn is a historic tavern in King of Prussia , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Boulevard Diner is a historic diner at 155 Shrewsbury Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Lake Steilacoom is a reservoir approximately 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) southwest of Tacoma in Pierce County , Washington , United States .
Czapury ( t͡ʂaˈpurɨ ) ( German : Staffelbach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Darreh - ye Khalk ( Persian : دره خلك‎ ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chełmica Duża ( xɛu̯ˈmit͡sa ˈduʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Sarpaniran Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سرپنيران‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Pasargad County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Musée des tramways à vapeur et des chemins de fer secondaires français ( Museum of French steam tramways and secondary railways -- MTVS ) is located alongside Valmondois railway station , in the small town of Butry - sur - Oise in the departement of Val - d'Oise , 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) north of Paris .
North Cove is a village and civil parish in the Waveney district in the north of the English county of Suffolk .
Zazeh ( Persian : ززه‎ ; also known as Zazz ) is a village in Ala - e Marvdasht Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Goldshöfe station is a station in the German state of Baden - Württemberg at the junction of the Aalen--
Fair Glacier is an alpine glacier located just west of Apache Peak , in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado .
The Hutchinson River Parkway ( also known as The Hutch ) is a north -- south parkway in southern New York in the United States .
Sarqul ( Persian : سرقول‎ , also Romanized as Sarqūl ) is a village in Shuy Rural District , in the Central District of Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Yuanjiang ( Chinese : 沅江 ; pinyin : Yuánjiāng ) is a county - level city under the administration of Yiyang , Hunan province , China .
Frondarola is a small town in the province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of Italy , population about 200 .
Coward Springs is a former settlement and railway station in the desert in the Far North of South Australia .
Bunibonibee Cree Nation , formerly known as Oxford House First Nation and as Oxford House Band of Indians , is a First Nation located along the eastern shoreline of Oxford Lake at theheadwatersof the Hayes River and is approximately 950 kilometres ( 590 mi ) northeast of Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Avaneeswaram is a small village located on Kunnicode - Pathanapuram road in Kollam district , Kerala .
Piraino ( Sicilian : Piràinu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east of Palermo and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) west of Messina .
Acadia Cliffs State Nature Preserve is a state nature preserve in Washington County , Ohio , United States , with a small neck extending into Athens County , Ohio .
Chah - e Astaneh ( Persian : چاه استانه‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Āstāneh ) is a village in Bakharz Rural District , in the Central District of Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bijargah - e Olya ( Persian : بيجارگاه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Bījārgāh - e `` Olyā ; also known as Bījārgāh - e Bālā ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 390 , in 99 families .
Pirakuh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پيراكوه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church , South in St. Louis , Missouri was built in 1869 .
Treskinnick Cross is a hamlet at Grid ref . SX2098 on the A39 main road near Poundstock in northeast Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Sariyeh Khatun ( Persian : ساريه خاتون‎ , also Romanized as Sārīyeh Khātūn ; also known as Emāmzādeh , Emāmzādeh Sārīyeh Khātūn , and Imāmzādeh ) is a village in Neyzar Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
The Lewis Textile Museum was bequeathed to the people of Blackburn by a local cotton industrialist , Thomas Boys Lewis ( 1869 - -1942 ) .
The Frances Canyon Ruin is a Navajo pueblito near Blanco in Rio Arriba County , New Mexico , United States .
The Musée de la Serrure , also known as the Musée de la Serrurerie or the Musée Bricard , is a private museum of locks and keys located in the 3rd arrondissement at 1 rue de la Perle , Paris , France .
Gartow - Höhbeck transmitter is a large facility for FM and TV transmission in Lower Saxony , Germany , situated behalf of the communities of Gartow and Höhbeck .
Khush Manzar ( Persian : خوش منظر‎ , also Romanized as Khūsh Manẓar ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
WZYP ( 104.3 FM , `` 104.3 ' ZYP '' ) is an adult - oriented Top 40 ( CHR ) music - formatted radio station licensed to serve Athens , Alabama , and broadcasting in the Huntsville , Alabama , area .
Borshchovychi ( Ukrainian : Борщовичі , Polish : Barszczowice ) is a village in Pustomyty Raion of Lviv Oblast in Ukraine .
Puerto Pirihueico or Pirehueico is a Chilean village ( Spanish : aldea ) in Panguipulli commune , of Los Ríos Region .
Battell Chapel is the largest chapel of Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
Chowtapalli is a village in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India , is in the Krishna district , in Gudivada Mandal .
Chatfield State Park is a state park located in Douglas and Jefferson counties of Colorado , United States .
Knob Noster State Park is a state - operated , public recreation area covering 3,934 acres ( 1,592 ha ) in Johnson County , Missouri , in the United States .
KOHI ( 1600 AM ) is a radio station in St. Helens , 29 miles north of Portland , Oregon on U.S. Route 30 .
Treptower Tollensewinkel ( pronounced ( tʁɛptoːɐ ) , with a silent w ) is an Amt in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Saravan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سراوان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sangar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Free State of Galveston ( sometimes referred to as the Republic of Galveston Island ) was a whimsical name given to the island city of Galveston in the U.S. state of Texas during the early - to - mid-20th century .
Maksar - e Vosta ( Persian : مكسروسطي‎ , also Romanized as Maksar - e Vostá ; also known as Maksar - e Mīānī ) is a village in Jarahi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Jefferson National Expansion Memorial is a park located in St. Louis , Missouri , near the starting point of the Lewis and Clark Expedition .
Chehelsavaran ( Persian : چهل سواران‎ , also Romanized as Chehelsavārān ) is a village in Fin Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Goląsza Górna ( ɡɔˈlɔ̃ʂa ˈɡurna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Aghcheh Hesar ( Persian : اغچه حصار‎ , also Romanized as Āghcheh Ḩeşār ) is a village in Ramjin Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Qasr - e Qand ( Persian : قصرقند‎ , also Romanized as Qaşr - e Qand and Qaşr Qand ; also known as Barqān and Borgan ) is a city in and the capital of Qasr - e Qand County , in Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gory Mahalleh ( Persian : گرئ محله‎ , also Romanized as Gory Maḩalleh ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dudez ( Persian : دودز‎ , also Romanized as Dūdez ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mima Mounds Natural Area Preserve is a state - protected Natural Area in southwest Washington state , USA .
Frankopan Castle ( Croatian : Frankopanski Kaštel ) is a castle located on the southwest coast of the island Krk , in the ancient town of Krk , which is one of the oldest towns in the Adriatic , in Croatia .
Budy Poryckie ( ˈbudɨ pɔˈrɨt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Little Shickshinny Creek is a tributary of Shickshinny Creek in Columbia County and Luzerne County , in Pennsylvania , United States .
Rameshi ( Persian : رمشي‎ , also Romanized as Rameshī ; also known as Rameh Shīr ) is a village in Mianrud Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tyniowice ( tɨɲɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Тиневичі , Tynevychi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Fay - Usborne Mill is a historic grist mill and feed store located at Westfield in Chautauqua County , New York .
Van - e Sofla ( Persian : وان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Vān - e Soflá ; also known as Vān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ebbsfleet International railway station is a railway station in Ebbsfleet Valley , in the Borough of Dartford , Kent , 10 miles ( 16 kilometres ) outside the eastern boundary of Greater London , England .
Heavenly Mountain Resort is a ski resort located on the California - Nevada border in South Lake Tahoe .
Barszczowa Góra ( barʂˈt͡ʂɔva ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Anjarak - e Paeen ( Persian : انجرک پایین ‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Grestain Abbey ( or Grestein Abbey , French : Abbaye Notre - Dame de Grestain ) was an 11th - Century Benedictine monastery near the town of Fatouville - Grestain , which is located in the modern - day Eure département of Upper Normandy , France .
Prince Edward 's Road is a one - way road in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
Lipowina ( lipɔˈvina ) ( German Lindenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Clonroche ( Irish : Cluain an Róistigh , meaning `` Roches ' pasture '' ) is a village in County Wexford , Ireland .
Junction Hollow is a small wooded valley bordering the west flanks of Schenley Park and the campus of Carnegie Mellon University and the southern edge of the University of Pittsburgh 's campus in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Artiče ( pronounced ( aɾˈtiːtʃɛ ) ; German : Artitsch bei Rann ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Vintage Aero Flying Museum ( VAFM ) , formally LaFayette1 Escadrille Flying Museum , is Colorado 's international aviation museum at Platte Valley Airpark , 4 miles north - west of Hudson , Colorado and 40 miles north - east of Denver , Colorado .
The Grays River Covered Bridge is a one - lane covered bridge over the Grays River in western Wahkiakum County , Washington .
The 2006 Westchester County tornado was the strongest and largest tornado in the history of Westchester County , New York .
Naropa University is a private liberal arts college in Boulder , Colorado , United States .
Div Darreh ( Persian : ديودره‎ , also Romanized as Dīv Darreh ) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Suddaby Public School , originally known as Central School , is a public elementary school in Kitchener , Ontario ( formerly known as Berlin ) .
Philippsburg is a town in Germany , in the district of Karlsruhe in Baden - Württemberg .
Darreh - ye Hard ( Persian : دره هرد‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Hard ; also known as Darhard and Darreh Har ) is a village in Gol - e Cheydar Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Plus City is a Shopping Centre in Pasching in Upper Austria .
Kruplin - Barbarówka ( ˈkruplin barbaˈrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Squak Mountain is the second most westerly mountain of the Issaquah Alps mountain chain in Washington state .
The Disappointment Islands ( French : Îles du Désappointement ) are a subgroup of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia .
Coenties Slip , originally an artificial inlet in the East River for the loading and unloading of ships that was land - filled in 1835 , is a historic street in Lower Manhattan , New York City , in the heart of the Financial District .
Clyro ( Welsh : Cleirwy ) is a village in Powys , Wales , with approximately 600 inhabitants ( 2005 ) .
The Denton Community Theatre is a local theatre located in Denton , Texas in the United States .
Abbott Run is a de facto river in the U.S. states of Massachusetts and Rhode Island .
King 's Point is a town on the north shore of the southwest arm of Green Bay in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
East Sheen Baptist Church is an evangelical church in East Sheen in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Wallcliffe House was a heritage listed two - storey stone , shingle and corrugated iron homestead located near Prevelly and the mouth of the Margaret River in Western Australia .
Atlantic City High School is a four - year public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Atlantic City , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States , operating as part of the Atlantic City School District .
Tam - e Rasul ( Persian : تام رسول‎ , also Romanized as Tām - e Rasūl ) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District , in the Central District of Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bedonia is a comune within the Province of Parma , in Emilia - Romagna ( Italy ) .
Bittenbender Covered Bridge was a historic wooden covered bridge in Huntington Township , Luzerne County , Pennsylvania .
Sahand - e Sofla ( Persian : سهندسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sahand - e Soflá ) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District , in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Androscoggin Wayside Park is located on the Androscoggin River in Errol , New Hampshire , along Route 16 .
Damirchi - ye Sofla ( Persian : دميرچي سفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Damīrchī - ye Soflá ; also known as Damīrchelū - ye Soflá and Damīrchī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Överkalix Municipality ( Swedish : Överkalix kommun , Finnish : Ylikainuun kunta ) is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden .
Gluzy ( ˈɡluzɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Gurkani Arpena ( Persian : گوركاني ارپنا‎ , also Romanized as Gūrḵānī Ārpenā ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Llechryd ( Welsh pronunciation : ( ɬɛxrɪd ) ) is a village on the A484 road approximately 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) from Cardigan , in Ceredigion , Wales .
Zajzdra ( ˈzai̯zdra ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Tauragė District Municipality ( Lithuanian : Tauragės rajono savivaldybė ) is a municipality in Tauragė County , Lithuania
Yanranay ( Russian : Янранай ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Chaunsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located just to the west of Pevek .
Buckhead Village is a neighborhood of Atlanta , Georgia , one of 42 neighborhoods in the larger Buckhead district and the community 's historic business section .
Hurley Mountain Inn is a restaurant / sports tavern in historic Hurley , New York .
Wyckoff Heights Medical Center is a 350-bed teaching hospital located in the Wyckoff Heights section of Bushwick , Brooklyn in New York City .
Surhów ( ˈsurxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśniczyn , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Qeysaraq ( Persian : قيصرق‎ , also Romanized as Qeyşaraq ; also known as Qeyşarīyeh ) is a village in Ardalan Rural District , Mehraban District , Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kivistö is a district and major region of the municipality of Vantaa , Finland , located within the northwestern part of the city .
The Soda Lakes are two lakes located northwest of Fallon , Nevada .
Le Lamentin is a French town , located in the Outre - Mer department of Martinique , in the French West Indies .
The Boris Trajkovski Sports Center ( Macedonian : Спортски центар Борис Трајковски , Sportski centar Boris Trajkovski ) in Skopje is a multi - functional indoor sports arena .
Town of Niagara District School No . 2 is a historic One - room school located at Niagara in Niagara County , New York .
Pas Kul ( Persian : پسكول‎ , also Romanized as Pas Kūl ) is a village in Seydun - e Jonubi Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Felsite Peak is an eroded volcanic outcrop in the Wrangell Volcanic Field , Yukon Territory , Canada , located 54 km south of Silver City , 8 km southwest of Snowshoe Peak and 30 km east of Pinnacle Peak .
Abaru Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ابرو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Kulów ( ˈkuluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Islamic Center of Murfreesboro ( ICM ) is an Islamic community organisation located in the town of Murfreesboro , Tennessee , United States .
Katehri ( Hindi : कटेहरी , Urdu : کٹحری ) is a town in Ambedkar Nagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Mohammadabad - e Sharqi ( Persian : محمدابادشرقي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Sharqī ; also known as Mo’ammadābād - e Sharqī and Bolverīān ) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Eugene W. Britt House is a three - story , red - brick Georgian Revival - Colonial Revival mansion built in 1910 in the West Adams district of Los Angeles , California .
Spioenkop Dam impounds the Tugela River in KwaZulu - Natal .
D'Agostini Winery refers to both a winery in Healdsburg , California ( Sonoma County ) owned by Armagan Champagne Cellars as well as the original vineyard and wine cellar located in Plymouth , Amador County , which are owned by Sobon Estate Winery .
Spenge is a town in the district of Herford , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany
Skaratki pod Rogóźno ( skaˈratki ˈpɔt rɔˈɡuʑnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniewice , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Greater Curitiba is the area of Brazil including and surrounding the city of Curitiba , Paraná state .
Kalakh ( Punjabi : ਕਾਲਖ਼ ) is a village in Ludhiana district , Punjab , India .
Knieja Łuczańska ( ˈkɲeja wuˈt͡ʂaɲska ) ( German : Waldgut Lötzen ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mina Khun ( Persian : ميناخون‎ , also Romanized as Mīnā Khūn ; also known as Mīnākhū ) is a village in Barakuh Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Andrew Carnegie Mansion is located at 2 East 91st Street at Fifth Avenue in Manhattan , New York City , New York .
Warriston Cemetery lies in Warriston , one of the northern suburbs of Edinburgh , Scotland .
Tup Derakht ( Persian : توپدرخت‎ , also Romanized as Tūp Derakht ) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Melgar de Fernamental is a municipality and town lying by the Pisuerga river , located in the province of Burgos , Castile and León , Spain .
Alagoinha ( Little Alagoas ) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco .
The Dragon 's Back ( Traditional Chinese : 龍脊 ) is a ridge in southeastern Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong , between Wan Cham Shan and Shek O Peak .
Hurand District ( Persian : بخش هوراند‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hameh Katan ( Persian : حمه كتن‎ , also Romanized as Ḩameh Katan ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Kittatinny Valley is a section of the Great Appalachian Valley in Sussex and Warren County in northwestern New Jersey that is bounded on the west by Kittatinny Mountain , and in the east by the Highlands region .
Yanliang District ( simplified Chinese : 阎良区 ; traditional Chinese : 閻良區 ; pinyin : Yánliáng Qū ) is one of nine districts of Xi'an , the capital of Shaanxi province , China .
Darlington School is an American private , coeducational , college - preparatory day and boarding school in Rome , Georgia .
Hualien Baseball Stadium ( Chinese : 花蓮縣立德興棒球場 ; pinyin : Huālián Xiànlì Déxìng Bàngqiúchǎng ) is a baseball stadium located in Hualien City , Hualien County , Taiwan .
Berikhun ( Persian : بريخون‎ , also Romanized as Berīkhūn and Bārīkhūn ) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
KKOW - FM `` 96.9 The Kow '' is a country station licensed to Pittsburg , Kansas , owned by American Media Investments .
Qalyubia Governorate ( Egyptian Arabic : محافظة القليوبية el - Alyobeyya Egyptian Arabic pronunciation : ( elʔæljoˈbejjæ ) ) is one of the governorates of Egypt .
Wolsko ( ˈvɔlskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miasteczko Krajeńskie , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Slesse Mountain , usually referred to as Mount Slesse , is a mountain just north of the US - Canada border , in the Cascade Mountains of British Columbia , near the town of Chilliwack .
Incahuasi District or Inkawasi ( Quechua Inka Inca , wasi house , `` Inca house '' ) is one of six districts of the Ferreñafe Province in the lambayeque Region in Peru .
Rabkavi Banhatti is a town situated at the bank river Krishna and a city municipal council in Bagalkot district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Kelak - e Sofla ( Persian : كلاك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kelāk - e Soflá ; also known as Kelāk - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Owzrud Rural District , Baladeh District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Borapa is small village located 20 km from Mathura in west and about 4 km from the town Sonkh in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Interstate 485 ( I-485 ) is an Interstate Highway loop encircling Charlotte , North Carolina .
Montauk Manor is a historic resort hotel located in the hamlet of Montauk in Suffolk County , New York , on Long Island .
Skyrush is an Intamin prototype Wing Coaster with winged seating at Hersheypark in Hershey , Pennsylvania .
Kwan Tei River ( 軍地河 ) is a river in northeastern New Territories , Hong Kong .
Haverfordwest ( /ˈhævərfərdˈwɛst/ ; Welsh : Hwlffordd ( ˈhuːlfɔrð ) ) is the county town of Pembrokeshire , Wales , and serves as the county 's principal commercial and administrative centre .
Wategaon ( Marathi : वाटेगांव ) is a town in Sangli district , Maharashtra , India . Wategaon ( pop . 4,255 ) is a village in walva taluka lying 16 km ( ten miles ) west of Islampur and 9.65 km ( six miles ) north - west of Peth .
The Mount Hood Freeway is a partially completed but never to be finished freeway alignment of U.S. Route 26 and Interstate 80N ( now Interstate 84 ) , which would have run through southeast Portland , Oregon .
Kolechowice Pierwsze ( kɔlɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Lubelski , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Saratoga Gap Open Space Preserve is a 1291-acre ( 5.224 km² ) regional park located near Saratoga Gap in the Santa Cruz Mountains of Santa Clara County , California .
The Pere Marquette 1223 is a steam locomotive on permanent display in Grand Haven , Michigan .
Ochłoda ( ɔˈxwɔda ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
WYYC ( 1250 AM ) is a religious radio station in York , Pennsylvania , and is owned by Steel City Radio , Inc.
Connetquot High School ( CHS ) is a public high school serving students from the communities of Bohemia , Sayville , West Sayville , Oakdale and Ronkonkoma in the ninth through twelfth grades located in Bohemia , New York and is part of the Connetquot Central School District .
Kalashi District ( Persian : بخش کلاشی‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Nawino ( naˈvinɔ ) ( formerly German Naffin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The West Midlands Police Museum is located in a wing of Sparkhill police station , Birmingham , England , which was formerly a courtroom .
CHQI - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting a tourist information format at 90.7 MHz ( FM ) in Niagara - on - the - Lake , Ontario .
Pir Hayati - ye Sofla ( Persian : پيرحياتي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Ḩayātī - ye Soflá ; also known as Pīr Ḩayātī , Pīr Ḩayātī - ye Pā’īn , Pīriāī , and Pīryal ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
WQKK is an FM radio station operating on 106.9 MHz licensed to Renovo , Pennsylvania ; the station is owned by Magnum Broadcasting .
The Magic Mile is an aerial chairlift at Timberline Lodge ski area , Mount Hood , Oregon , U.S. It was named for its unique location above the tree line and for its original length .
Fortosi ( Greek : Φορτόσι ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Katsanochoria , Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
The Mokelumne Wilderness is a 105,165-acre ( 425.59 km2 ) federally designated wilderness area located 70 miles ( 110 km ) east of Sacramento , California .
The Strathcona Public Building or South Edmonton Post Office is an historic building in the Old Strathcona heritage district of Edmonton .
Kowalowce ( kɔvaˈlɔft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Jonki ( ˈjɔnki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
WCXT ( 98.3 FM , `` The Coast '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format , serving the southwestern Michigan area .
Bridge in Lewis Township was an historic Pratt through truss bridge spanning Lycoming Creek at Lewis Township , Lycoming County , Pennsylvania .
Steel Winds ( or Steel Winds I & Steel Winds II ) is a wind energy project located on the coast of Lake Erie in Lackawanna , New York , just south of the City of Buffalo in Erie County .
Gerdu Nan ( Persian : گردونان‎ , also Romanized as Gerdū Nān ; also known as Gerd - e Nān ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Daniel Building is a 20 story , 238 foot ( 86 m ) office building located in downtown Birmingham , Alabama .
Casa Malpaís is an archaeological site of the Ancient Pueblo Peoples located near the town of Springerville , Arizona .
Stephanskirchen is a municipality in the district of Rosenheim , Upper Bavaria in Germany .
Hibbing High School is a public grade 7 - 12 high school in Hibbing , Minnesota , United States .
The Isartor at the Isartorplatz in Munich is one of four main gates of the medieval city wall .
The Safford City - Graham County Library is a public library in Safford , Arizona serving Graham County , Greenlee County and Gila County .
The Redington Museum is a historic museum in Waterville , Maine that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Kalewal Fattu is a small Indian village located in Hoshiarpur district .
The Peralta Adobe is the oldest building in San Jose , northern California .
Cragston Dependencies is a group of historic buildings located at Highlands in Orange County , New York .
Sierra Grande is an extinct shield volcano in northeastern New Mexico that rises 2,200 feet above the surrounding plain .
The Oak Creek Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Hasht Bandi ( Persian : هشت بندي يك or هشت بندی‎ , also Romanized as Hasht Bandī ) is a city in and the capital of Tukahur District , in Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Squam Lake is a lake located in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire , United States , south of the White Mountains , straddling the borders of Grafton , Carroll , and Belknap counties .
Olivet College is a coeducational , private liberal arts college located in Olivet , Michigan , United States , 29 miles ( 47 km ) south of Lansing and 125 miles ( 201 km ) west of Detroit .
Čatrnja ( Serbian : Чатрња ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Clark Round Barn was an historical structure located near Tyrone in rural Monroe County , Iowa , United States .
Cave Lake State Park is a state park in White Pine County , Nevada , USA , featuring a 32-acre ( 13 ha ) reservoir .
Czarne Wielkie ( ˈt͡ʂarnɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Schwarzsee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Fajãzinha is a civil parish in the municipality of Lajes das Flores located 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) from the main town of Lajes das Flores , on the western coast of Portuguese island of Flores .
WLTN - FM is an Adult Contemporary / Full - Service formatted radio station in New Hampshire licensed to Lisbon , serving northern New Hampshire and the Northeast Kingdom of Vermont .
Majdan - Grabina ( ˈmai̯dan ɡraˈbina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzówek , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Epsom Salts Monorail or Magnesium Monorail was a short - lived Lartigue Monorail in San Bernardino County , California , in the United States .
Piskorowice ( pʲiskɔrɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Пискоровичі , Pyskorovychi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk , within Leżajsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Fort H. G. Wright was a United States military installation on Fishers Island , just 2 miles off the coast of southeastern Connecticut , but technically in New York .
Wojcieszów ( vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕeʂuf ) ( German : Kauffung ) is a town in Złotoryja County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the German border .
Talleh Pasgah ( Persian : تله پاسگاه‎ , also Romanized as Talleh Pāsgāh ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Germania Building is an eight - story historic Beaux - Arts / Classical Revival building at 135 W. Wells St. in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Pushpavanam is a village in Vedaranyam subdistrict in Nagapattinam District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Clankelly ( from Irish Clann Cheallaigh , meaning `` Clan Kelly '' ) is a barony in County Fermanagh , Northern Ireland .
KPXI ( 100.7 FM ) is a radio station , based in Overton , Texas , serves the Tyler - Longview area .
Tarasivtsi ( Romanian : Tărăsăuți ; Ukrainian : Тарасівці ; Russian : Тарасовцы ) is a village in Ukraine in the Novoselytsia Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast .
The Schaulager is a museum in Newmünchenstein , a sub - district of Münchenstein in the canton of Basel - Country , Switzerland .
Ridgetown is a community located in south - east Chatham - Kent , Ontario , Canada .
KTBG ( 90.9 FM ) is a listener supported radio station in Kansas City , Missouri .
Pellissippi State Community College ( Pellissippi State or PSCC ) is one of 13 member community colleges operated by the Tennessee Board of Regents .
John Stoddert Haw House is a historic building , located at 2808 N Street , Northwest , Washington , D.C. , in the Georgetown neighborhood .
The Attawapiskat First Nation ( /ˌætəˈwɑːpᵻskæt/ Cree : ᐋᐦᑕᐙᐱᐢᑲᑐᐎ ᐃᓂᓂᐧᐊᐠ Āhtawāpiskatowi ininiwak , `` People of the parting of the rocks '' ; unpointed : ᐊᑕᐗᐱᐢᑲᑐᐎ ᐃᓂᓂᐧᐊᐠ ) is an isolated First Nation located in Kenora District in northern Ontario , Canada , at the mouth of the Attawapiskat River on James Bay .
The Bluemont Junction Trail is a 1.3 miles ( 2.1 km ) rail - trail in Arlington County , Virginia that the Arlington County government constructed along a former branch of the defunct Washington and Old Dominion Railroad .
Wyoming Highway 35 is a short north - south Wyoming state highway located in northwestern Big Horn County in Cowley .
Sarasota Memorial Hospital is the anchor of Sarasota Memorial Health Care System , a regional medical center located in Sarasota County on Florida 's Gulf Coast .
Kalha ( Persian : كلها‎ , also Romanized as Kalhā ) is a village in Adaran Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Sobiecin ( sɔˈbʲɛt͡ɕin ) ( Ukrainian : Соб'ятин , Sobyatyn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Vynohradiv Raion ( Ukrainian : Виноградівський район , Hungarian : Nagyszőlősi jaras , German : Rajon Wynohradiw , Romanian : Raionul Vînohradiv , Rusyn : Виноградівскый район , Russian : Виноградовский район , Slovak : Vynohradivský rajón ) is a raion in Zakarpattia Oblast in western Ukraine .
The Flats is a mixed - use industrial , entertainment , and increasingly residential area of Cleveland , Ohio , USA .
Schwatka Lake is a reservoir created by the damming of the Yukon River in Whitehorse , Yukon , completed in 1958 .
Rogowo - Folwark ( rɔˈɡɔvɔ ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ostrožská Lhota ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈostroʃskaː ˈlɦota ) ) is a village in the Uherské Hradiště District , Zlín Region , Czech Republic .
Warburton House , also known as the Warburton Hotel and The Lucy Eaton Smith Residence , is a historic hotel located in the Rittenhouse Square East neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Bobivtsi ( Ukrainian : Нові Бросківці ; Romanian : Broscăuții Noi ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Esary Lake is a small lake located east of Port Alberni , British Columbia , Canada .
The Copper Mountain Solar Facility is a 458 MWp solar photovoltaic power plant in Boulder City , Nevada .
Sikory - Piotrowięta ( ɕiˈkɔrɨ pjɔtrɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Red Oak Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KRDK , FAA LID : RDK ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) west of the central business district of Red Oak , a city in Montgomery County , Iowa , United States .
Levenwick is a small village about 17 miles ( 27 km ) south of Lerwick , on the east side of the South Mainland of Shetland .
Muiredach 's High Cross is a high cross from the 10th or possibly 9th century , located at the ruined monastic site of Monasterboice , County Louth , Ireland .
Champion Hill is a football stadium in East Dulwich in the London Borough of Southwark .
Laupen is a municipality in the Bern - Mittelland administrative district and its district capital , situated in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Bitter Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located in two separate sections in central Chaves County , New Mexico , United States , a few miles northeast of the city of Roswell .
Putno ( ˈputnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Pazurek ( paˈzurɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kapar Khani ( Persian : كپرخاني‎ , also Romanized as Kapar Khānī ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Old Blenheim Bridge was a wooden covered bridge that spanned Schoharie Creek in North Blenheim , New York , United States .
The Coombabah Lake Conservation Park is a conservation park that is an Important Wetland in Australia , located in the Gold Coast region of South East Queensland , Australia .
Darreh Naqdi ( Persian : دره نقدي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Naqdī , Darreh Naqd , and Darreh - ye Naqdī ) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Quechereguas is a Chilean village located in Molina , Talca Province , Maule Region .
Mount Westdahl is a stratovolcano of the Aleutian Range , in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Oxnard Airport ( IATA : OXR , ICAO : KOXR , FAA LID : OXR ) is a county owned , public airport a mile west of downtown Oxnard , in Ventura County , California .
Mount Wollaston Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 20 Sea Street in the Merrymount neighborhood of Quincy , Massachusetts .
Grünerløkka ( alternative spelling : Grünerløkken ) is a district of the city of Oslo , Norway .
The Wheaton Youth Center , also known as the Wheaton Community Recreation Center , is a building located on Georgia Avenue in Wheaton , Maryland .
Oglethorpe Mall is a super - regional shopping mall on the Southside of Savannah , Georgia .
The Beotibar fronton is a short fronton located in Tolosa , Gipuzkoa .
Reid Glacier is an 11-mile - long ( 18 km ) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Bedard Aspen Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located in the Cornwall Hills to the west of Cache Creek - Ashcroft in that province 's Thompson Country region .
Dulles , Virginia is an unincorporated area located in Loudoun County , Virginia , part of the Washington metropolitan area .
The Community Methodist Church of Ione , is a United Methodist church in Ione , California , United States .
Przerąb ( ˈpʂɛrɔmp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Seh Plan ( Persian : سه پلان‎ ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ficksburg is the seat of the Setsoto Local Municipality which includes the towns of Clocolan , Marquard and Senekal .
Hoseynabad - e Rumani ( Persian : حسين ابادرومني‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Rūmanī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Estabraq Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The 800 Westchester Avenue complex is a postmodern Class A office building located in Rye Brook , New York .
Harsimus ( also known as Harsimus Cove ) is a neighborhood within Downtown Jersey City , Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Zangivand ( Persian : زنگي وند‎ , also Romanized as Zangīvand ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Lewis T. Gilliland House is a house located in northeast Portland , Oregon , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Hildreth Cemetery is a small cemetery located on Hildreth Street at Sutherland and By Streets in the Centralville neighborhood of Lowell , Massachusetts .
Hassani Abdelkrim ( Arabic : حساني ﻋﺒﺪ اﻟﻜﺮﻳﻢ‎ ) is a town and commune in Debila District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
Savar - e Pain ( Persian : سوارپائين‎ , also Romanized as Savār - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District , Pishkamar District , Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Acharya N. G. Ranga Agricultural University ( ANGRAU ) is a public Agricultural university in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Gainford Hall is a privately owned Jacobean manor house at Gainford , County Durham .
Rozpacz ( ˈrɔspat͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Znakowo ( znaˈkɔvɔ ) ( Kashubian : Znakòwò ) is a village in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Novara di Sicilia ( Gallo - Italic of Sicily : Nuè ; Sicilian : Nuvara ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) east of Palermo and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southwest of Messina .
Wolsztyn County ( Polish : powiat wolsztyński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland .
Khalifeh Mahalleh ( Persian : خليفه محله‎ , also Romanized as Khalīfeh Maḩalleh ) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
KFSD ( 1450 AM ) is a Spanish Catholic religious radio station based in North County , San Diego , California .
Polson Pier , previously known as The Docks Waterfront Entertainment Complex or The Docks , is a multi - purpose entertainment venue in Toronto , Ontario .
Katterat Station ( Norwegian : Katterat stasjon ) is a railway station in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
Achrimsdale ( Scottish Gaelic : Achadh Rumasdail ) is a village in Highland , Scotland .
Babine Lake is the longest natural lake in British Columbia , Canada .
Zabłudów - Kolonia ( zaˈbwuduf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Talkh - e Ataher ( Persian : تلخ اطهر‎‎ , also Romanized as Talkh - e Āṭaher ; also known as Talkh ) is a village in Kukherd Rural District , Kukherd District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Niekrasy ( ɲeˈkrasɨ ) ( German : Niekrassen ( 1938 - 45:Krassau ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Flying Fruit Fly Circus School in Wodonga , Victoria is the only primary and secondary - level circus school in Australia .
Zarbaran ( Persian : زربران‎ , also Romanized as Zarbarān ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Congregation Beth Elohim ( Hebrew : בֵּית אֱלֹהִים ) , also known as the Garfield Temple and the Eighth Avenue Temple , is a Reform Jewish congregation located at 274 Garfield Place and Eighth Avenue , in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York City , United States .
Beygom Aqa ( Persian : بيگم اقا‎ , also Romanized as Beygom Āqā ; also known as Bagom , Bagom Āqā , Begīm Āghā , Begīm Āqā , and Pa yi Mega ) is a village in Karasf Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Beyg Oveysi ( Persian : بيگ اويسي‎ , also Romanized as Beyg Oveysī ; also known as Beyg Ovbast and Beyk Oveysī ) is a village in Torjan Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Skutz Falls is a waterfall on the Cowichan River on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Mazraeh - ye Las ( Persian : مزرعه لس‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Las ; also known as Lūs ) is a village in Hangam Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20 , in 4 families .
El Mirage Field is a private airport located 3 miles west of El Mirage , California .
Blanca Lake is located in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness Area in the Cascade Mountains of the U.S. state of Washington .
St. Peter 's Kierch , also called the Old Kierch or St. Peter 's Church , is a historic Lutheran church in Middletown , Dauphin County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
The Owen - Spalding route is a technical climbing route on Grand Teton ( 13,775 feet ( 4,199 m ) ) , the highest peak in the Teton Range in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Echo Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada range to the west of Lake Tahoe on the border of the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County , California .
Indianoor ( Malayalam : ഇന്ത്യനൂര്‍ ) is a village situated in Kottakkal , Malappuram district , Kerala , India .
Domrud - e Amir - e Sofla ( Persian : دمروداميرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Domrūd - e Amīr - e Soflá ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Marsham Street is a street in the City of Westminster in London , England .
Brooklyn Store and Post Office is a historic country store and post office located at Brooklyn , Halifax County , Virginia .
Southcentre Mall is one of the largest ( by area ) shopping malls in Calgary , Alberta , 97,743.9 m2 ( 1,052,107 sq ft ) , and contains approximately 190 stores and services over two floors .
Yuen Long Nullah ( 元朗渠 ) is a nullah across western Yuen Long , Hong Kong .
Sanhe ( Chinese : 三河 ; pinyin : Sānhé Shì ) is a county - level city administered by Langfang prefecture in eastern Hebei province , People 's Republic of China .
The Kagawong River is a river on Manitoulin Island in Manitoulin District , Ontario , Canada which flows from Lake Kagawong to empty into Mudge Bay on the North Channel Lake Huron .
The John H. Nichols House is a historic house in downtown Wapakoneta , Ohio , United States .
Pulavanchi is a village located in Madukkur Panchayat Union , Pattukkottai Taluk , in the Thanjavur District , of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Kaitaia is a town in the Far North District of New Zealand , at the base of the Aupouri Peninsula , about 160 km northwest of Whangarei .
The Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District , roughly bounded by Jackson , 15th , and 8th Streets , as well as the Union Pacific main line , is located in downtown Omaha , Nebraska .
Leszczyniec ( lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨɲɛt͡s ) ( German : Haselbach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra , within Kamienna Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
De Graaf van het Hoogveen was a restaurant located in Badhotel Zeerust in Noordwijk aan Zee , Netherlands .
Deq Padeh ( Persian : دق پده‎ ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Qaleh - ye Mir Ali ( Persian : قلعه ميرعلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Mīr Ālī and Qal``eh - ye Mīr``Alī ) is a village in Gerit Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 32 , in 8 families .
The Khaje Taj od - Din mausoleum is a historical structure in Kashan , Iran .
Lake Taylor High School is a public high school located in Norfolk , Virginia and is the `` Home of the Mighty Titans '' .
Tappeh Dar ( Persian : تپه دار‎‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Dār ) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Andadeh ( Persian : كلاته انداده‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Andādeh ; also known as Mīānābād - e Joveyn ) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District , in the Central District of Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Déleg Canton ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈdeleɣ ) ) is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Cañar Province .
The Susquehanna Steam Electric Station , a nuclear power station , is on the Susquehanna River in Luzerne County , northeastern Pennsylvania .
Krzywystok - Kolonia ( kʂɨˈvɨstɔk kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów - Osada , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Annobór - Piaski ( anˈnɔbur ˈpjaski ) is a village in east Poland near Lubartów in Gmina Lubartów , Lubartów County in Lublin Voivodeship .
The Lincolnshire is a grand mansion at 22 Hidden Road and 28 Hidden Way in Andover , Massachusetts .
Diman Regional Vocational Technical High School is a public vocational high school located in Fall River , Massachusetts .
Ybor City Museum State Park is a Florida State Park in Tampa , Florida 's Ybor City .
Annapolis Royal Regional Academy was a junior high school located in Annapolis Royal , Nova Scotia .
Jub Baghan - e Sofla ( Persian : جوبباغان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Jūb Bāghān - e Soflá ; also known as Barāftāb ) is a village in Direh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Biblis station is the only station of the town of Biblis in the German state of Hesse .
Rushmore Air Force Station , South Dakota , was a secure weapons administration , storage , and handling facility for atomic , and later thermonuclear weapons , located adjacent to Ellsworth Air Force Base on its north side , that was operational from 1950 to 1962 .
General Ulysses S. Grant Houses is a public housing project at the northern boundary of Morningside Heights in the borough of Manhattan , New York City .
Malinišče ( pronounced ( maˈliːniʃtʃɛ ) ; in older sources also Malinšek , German : Malinschek ) is a small settlement above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia .
Autzen Stadium is an outdoor football stadium in the northwest United States , in Eugene , Oregon .
The Valentine Soap Workers Cottages are a pair of adjacent historic houses in Cambridge , Massachusetts , that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Rększowice ( rɛnkʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopiska , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Duns ( historically Scots : Dunse ) is the county town of the historic county of Berwickshire , within the Scottish Borders .
Takhtgah - e Safi Yar Soltan ( Persian : تختگاه صفيارسلطان‎ , also Romanized as Takhtgāh - e Şafī Yār Solţān and Takhtgāh - e Şafīyār Solţān ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The San Ysidro Mountains are a mountain range in southern San Diego County , California .
Gedling is a local government district with borough status in the English ceremonial county of Nottinghamshire .
Załęże - Ponikiewka ( zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ pɔniˈkʲɛfka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Golden Spike National Historic Site is a U.S. National Historic Site located at Promontory Summit , north of the Great Salt Lake in Utah .
Stierjoch is a mountain at the border of Bavaria , Germany with Tyrol , Austria .
Livan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ليوان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Now Kandeh District , Bandar - e Gaz County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Bignor is a village and civil parish in the Chichester district of the English county of West Sussex , about six miles ( 10 km ) north of Arundel .
Maheshtala ( Bengali : মহেশতলা ) is a city and a municipality under Maheshtala , Rabindra Nagar , and ( some part of ) Metiaburz police stations of Alipore Sadar Subdivision in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Haft Yaran ( Persian : هفت ياران‎ , also Romanized as Haft Yārān ) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Sarposa prison is a high security prison in Kandahar , Afghanistan , used to hold Taliban militants and other criminals including drug traffickers .
Shiprock Airstrip ( FAA LID : 5V5 ) , also known as Shiprock Airport , is a public use airport located five nautical miles ( 6 mi , 9 km ) south of the central business district of Shiprock , in San Juan County , New Mexico , United States .
Biatorbágy ( German : Wiehall - Kleinturwall ) is a town in Pest County , Budapest metropolitan area , Hungary .
Phephana ( also Fefana ) is a village in Hanumangarh District of Rajasthan state in India .
Nanhu District ( Chinese : 南湖区 ; Pinyin : Nánhú Qū ) is a district in Jiaxing , Zhejiang Province of China .
Clive Berghofer Stadium ( officially known as Toowoomba Sports Ground and previously known as Athletic Oval ) is a stadium in Toowoomba , Queensland .
Torver is a hamlet and civil parish in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south west of the village of Coniston and 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) west of Coniston Water .
Filestan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان فيلستان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Ethel Apartment House is a historic apartment building at 70 Patton Street in the North End of Springfield , Massachusetts .
KTST ( 101.9 FM , `` 101 - 9 The Twister '' ) is a country music station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
The Laura Street Trio is a group of three historic buildings located on and near Laura Street in downtown Jacksonville , Florida .
Church of the Holy First Martyr Stephen ( Serbian : Црква светог Првомученика Стефана ) , better known as the Lazarica Church ( Црква Лазарица ) , is a Serbian Orthodox church in Kruševac , Serbia .
The Burns Building is a historic six - story building located in downtown Calgary , Alberta .
The Carbide & Carbon Building is a Chicago landmark located at 230 North Michigan Avenue .
Sao Hin ( Thai : เสาหิน ) is a river village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Sariang District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
Shipley Terrace , formerly known as Randle Heights , is a large residential neighborhood in Southeast Washington , D.C. , bordering Prince George 's County , Maryland .
Domecko ( dɔˈmɛt͡skɔ ) ( German Dometzko , 1936 - 45 Althaus ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komprachcice , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Castle of Fiddes is a 16th - century tower house in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , located around 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) south - west of Stonehaven .
Abbas Bazar ( Persian : عباس بازار‎ , also Romanized as ʿAbbās Bāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC Hotel or Hotel Gansevoort is a luxury hotel located at 18 Ninth Avenue between Little West 12th Street and 13th Street in the Meatpacking District neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
The Oakland Public School also known as the Holmes School in the South Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania was built in 1893 and expanded in 1899 .
Bzenice ( Serbian : Бзенице ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac , Serbia .
Wellesbourne is home to Wellesbourne Church of England primary school .
Ravasjan ( Persian : رواسجان‎ , also Romanized as Ravāsjān ) is a village in Azghan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hobson Lake is the uppermost lake on the Clearwater River in east - central British Columbia , Canada .
Long Street is a hamlet in the parish of Hanslope , in the Borough of Milton Keynes , ceremonial Buckinghamshire , England .
Ravenscraig Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium , in Greenock , Inverclyde , Scotland .
Fibiș ( German : Fibisch ; Hungarian : Temesfüves or Fibis ) is a commune in Timiș County , Romania .
Shulin District ( Chinese : 樹林區 ; pinyin : Shùlín Qū ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Chhiū - nâ - chhī ) is an inner city district in southwestern New Taipei City , Taiwan .
1800 Club is a residential skyscraper in the Edgewater neighborhood of Miami , Florida , United States .
St Swithin , London Stone , was an Anglican Church in the City of London .
Słowiki Stare ( swɔˈviki ˈstarɛ ) or Stare Słowiki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gibbonsdown , colloquially known as ' Gibbo ' , is an area situated in the north east of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan , Wales .
Rowley Lodge Field is a Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation , Grade II , in Arkley in the London Borough of Barnet .
The 23rd and 24th Streets Historic District is located in La Crosse , Wisconsin .
Ka Choun ( Khmer : កាចូន ) is a commune in Veun Sai District in northeast Cambodia .
Grassy Hill ( Chinese : 草山 ; pinyin : Cao Shan ) is the tenth highest hill in Hong Kong .
Riding Mountain Airport ( TC LID : CRM2 ) is a small private airport located near the community of Riding Mountain , Manitoba , Canada .
Lake St. Catherine State Park is a 117-acre ( 0.5 km2 ) state park located in Poultney , Vermont , at Lake Saint Catherine .
Ghoghardiha is a city and a notified area in Madhubani district in the state of Bihar , India .
Borzestowo ( bɔʐɛsˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielno , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Silverton Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm to be built in far western New South Wales by renewable energy group Conergy .
Cachambi is a middle - class and lower - middle - class neighborhood of the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
The Museum of the Image ( MOTI ) , previously known as the Graphic Design Museum , is a national museum for visual culture in Breda in the Netherlands .
Chester Springs Historic District , also known as The Old Art School , Orphan 's School , Yellow Springs Spa , and Good News Buildings , is a national historic district located in West Pikeland Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Doboy railway station was a former railway station on QR Citytrain suburban network in Brisbane , the state capital of Queensland , Australia .
Yuen Long Industrial Estate ( 元朗工業邨 , branded as 元朗工業園 ) is an industrial estate in Yuen Long District , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Shipton Hall is a large Elizabethan country house in the village of Shipton , Shropshire , England , which lies in the Corvedale valley some 7 miles south - west of Much Wenlock .
Cesarka ( t͡sɛˈsarka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Frink Park is a 17.2 acre ( 70,000 m² ) park in the Leschi neighborhood of Seattle , Washington .
Gimborn Castle ( German : Schloss Gimborn ) is a former moated castle situated in a remote valley of the upper Leppe in the municipality of Marienheide in the Oberbergischer Kreis of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Banzai Pipeline , or simply `` Pipeline '' or `` Pipe , '' is a surf reef break located in Hawaii , off Ehukai Beach Park in Pupukea on O'ahu 's North Shore .
General Zuazua Municipality is a municipality in the northeastern Mexican state of Nuevo León , it is located in the north - central part of the state , in the recently called peripheral region , because of its proximity to Monterrey metropolitan area .
The City of Thuringowa ( 19 ° 18′26``S 146 ° 43′54''E ) was a city and local government area in North Queensland , Australia covering the northern and western parts of what is now Townsville .
Talvat ( Persian : طلوت‎ , also Romanized as Ţalvat , Talūt , and Tolūt ) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Raleigh Springs Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving the city of Memphis , Tennessee , USA .
The Valley Falls Mill is an historic textile mill complex on Broad Street in Central Falls , Rhode Island .
Chrząstów ( ˈxʂɔ̃stuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielec , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Town East Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Mesquite , Texas , a suburb of Dallas .
Bhadrajun is a village in the Jalore district of the western part of Rajasthan , India , dating back to ancient times of the Mahabharata epic .
Tripod Rock is glacial erratic or `` perched boulder '' located in Kinnelon , New Jersey in the Pyramid Mountain Natural Historical Area .
Boogakabad ( Persian : بوگک‌آباد ‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Basin and Range National Monument is a national monument of the United States spanning approximately 704,000 acres of remote , undeveloped mountains and valleys in Lincoln and Nye counties in southeastern Nevada .
Harbybrow is a small settlement in the parish of Allhallows , Cumbria .
Meadowcreek High School is a secondary school in Norcross , Georgia , located outside of Atlanta and off I-85 .
Khoshk Bur ( Persian : خشكبور‎ , also Romanized as Khoshk Būr ; also known as Khoshkeh Būr ) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District , Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Litenčice ( German : Litentschitz ) is a market town ( městys ) in Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic .
The 102nd Street chemical landfill , is a former chemical landfill located on the Niagara River in Niagara Falls , New York .
The Ha - Iltzuk Icefield is an icefield in the central Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia , Canada .
Senerchia ( Sinerchia in the local dialect ) is an Italian municipality with 1370 registered voters , but only 1036 inhabitants , in the Province of Avellino , located in the upper valley of the Sele River in Campania .
Koilwar ( also spelt Koelwar ) is a notified area in Bhojpur district in the Indian state of Bihar .
Shahabiyeh ( Persian : شهابيه‎ , also Romanized as Shahābīyeh ) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District , Serishabad District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Grabiczki ( ɡraˈbit͡ʂki ) ( German : Geierseck ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The province of Samothrace ( Greek : Επαρχία Σαμοθράκης ) was one of the provinces of the Evros Prefecture .
The Moore - Webb - Holmes Plantation is a historic active plantation on Alabama State Route 14 near Marion , Perry County , Alabama .
Khordzor ( Armenian : Խորձոր ; formerly , Bekh , Bek’dash , Baydash , Baykht’ash , and Bebdash ) is a village in the rural community of Syunik , in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Remington Stables is a historic stable building located at Ilion in Herkimer County , New York .
Bronisławowo ( brɔniswaˈvɔvɔ ) ( German : Schinkenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Green River State Park is a state park of Utah , USA , located in the town of Green River .
The Channels Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located in Washington and Russell Counties , Virginia .
South Hill Heliport ( FAA LID : 4OR2 ) is a private Heliport located 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south of Salem in Marion County , Oregon , USA .
Dantkal is a village near Sirsi , Siddapura Taluk , North Kanara , State of Karnataka , India .
Nethy Bridge ( Scottish Gaelic : Cinn Drochaid or Drochaid Neithich ) is a small village in Strathspey in the Highland council area of Scotland .
Wielice ( vjɛˈlit͡sɛ ) ( German : Ferdinandshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Malladihalli is a village in the taluk of Holalkere in the Chitradurga district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Pokośno ( pɔˈkɔɕnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mobarakin ( Persian : مباركين‎ , also Romanized as Mobārakīn ) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District , Pish Khowr District , Famenin County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The House Range is a north - south trending mountain range in Millard County , of west - central Utah .
Aqa Mir Ahmad ( Persian : اقاميراحمد‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Mīr Aḩmad ) is a village in Dehrud Rural District , Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
San Bernardo del Viento ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sam beɾˈnaɾðo ðel βjento ) ) is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department , northern Colombia .
Birkholm is a small Danish island off the southern coast of Funen in Ærø Municipality .
Utansjö is a locality situated in Härnösand Municipality , Västernorrland County , Sweden with 209 inhabitants in 2010 .
Tarreh Dan ( Persian : ترهدان‎ , also Romanized as Tarreh Dān and Tareh Dān ) is a village in Kuhmareh Rural District , Kuhmareh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Suncook Village Commercial - Civic Historic District encompasses the civic and commercial heart of Suncook , New Hampshire , a village on the Suncook River in Pembroke and Allenstown .
WINV ( 1560 AM , `` Classic Hits the Fox '' ) was a radio station broadcasting a classic hits music format , simulcasting WXOF 96.3 FM Yankeetown , Florida .
St. George Regional Airport ( IATA : SGU , ICAO : KSGU , FAA LID : SGU ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located five nautical miles ( 5.8 miles ; 9.3 km ) southeast of the central business district of St. George , a city in Washington County , Utah , United States .
Lessing Field is a multi - purpose lacrosse and soccer stadium on the campus of Fairfield University in Fairfield , Connecticut .
Czółnów ( ˈt͡ʂuu̯nuf ) ( German : Zollen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Bell Aliant Tower , formerly known as the Aliant Tower and older still , the NBTel Tower , is a 127 metre high tower of reinforced concrete located in Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Saint Augustine Chapel and Cemetery is a historic church on Dorchester Street between West Sixth and Tudor Streets in the South Boston neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Mah Neshan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ماه نشان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Warren Z. Cole House , now known as Indenhofen Farm and also known as the Kidder - De Haven House , is a historic home located in Evansburg State Park at Skippack , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Beetham is a village and civil parish in Cumbria , England , situated on the border with Lancashire .
Melbourne Business School ( MBS ) is the graduate business school of the University of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
It lies in Stranda Municipality at the head of the Geirangerfjorden , which is a branch of the large Storfjorden .
Tullyton , also known as the Bolling - Stewart House , is a historic property located in Greenville County near Fountain Inn , South Carolina .
The Lee G. Simmons Conservation Park and Wildlife Safari is a drive - through park located in the Omaha area near the town of Ashland , Nebraska , United States .
Dar Abzar ( Persian : درابزار‎ , also Romanized as Dar Ābzār ; also known as Darreh Afrāz ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
KBIZ ( 1240 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Ottumwa , Iowa .
Binauli ( Hindi : बिनौली , Urdu : بنولي‎ ) is a small town in Baghpat district in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Deh Khinu ( Persian : ده خينو‎ , also Romanized as Deh Khīnū ) is a village in Balvard Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Museum of the Memory of the City ( Museo Memoria de la Ciudad ) is located in the Viola House ( Casa Viola ) , one of the nine buildings that make up the architectonic complex Manzana de la Rivera , in front the Government house , in Asunción , capital of Paraguay .
Bridgman 's View Tower is a proposed 66-story mixed use skyscraper in the Northern Liberties neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Mohammad Khan Tang - e Sepu ( Persian : محمدخان تنگ سپو‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Khān Tang - e Sepū ; also known as Moḩammad ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Les Houmets are to the east of Guernsey in the Channel Islands .
Qomrud ( Persian : قمرود‎ ; also Romanized as Qomrūd and Qumrūd ) is a village in and seat of Qomrud Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Skidniów ( ˈskidɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Aloe Ridge Game Reserve is a game reserve and conservation park in central Gauteng province in north - east South Africa , lying some 15 kilometres directly north - east of the Sterkfontein caves .
The Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation ( WHINSEC ) , formerly known as the US Army School of the Americas , is a United States Department of Defense Institute located at Fort Benning near Columbus , Georgia , that provides military training to government personnel in US - allied Latin American nations .
Salmon Bay is a portion of the Lake Washington Ship Canal -- a canal which passes through the city of Seattle , linking Lake Washington to Puget Sound -- that lies west of the Fremont Cut .
Gare du Champ de Mars ( or Champ de Mars -- Tour Eiffel ) is a railway station in Paris .
KLUX ( branded as `` Good Company 89.5 '' ) is a radio station serving the Corpus Christi area of Texas with a secular , light adult music format .
Northeast Boundary is a small neighborhood located in northeast Washington , D.C. It is Eastern Avenue to the northeast , Southern Avenue to the southeast , Marvin Gaye Park to the southwest , 55th Street NE to the west .
Wright Patman Lake is a reservoir in northeast Texas in the United States .
The Teaticket School is a historic former school building at 340 Teaticket Hwy ( Massachusetts Route 28 at Sandwich Road ) in Falmouth , Massachusetts .
Szczycionek ( ʂt͡ʂɨˈt͡ɕɔnɛk ) ( German : Szczycionnek ; 1938 - 45 : Waldsee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mañaria ( both in Basque and Spanish ) is an elizate , town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the Basque Country , Spain .
The Gloucester Township Public Schools is a community public school district serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Gloucester Township , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
Hsawlaw Township ( Burmese : ဆော့လောမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of Burma .
At the time of Washington , D.C. 's creation in 1791 , the land beneath present - day Meridian Hill Park was owned by Robert Peter , wealthy Georgetown merchant , and was known as Peter 's Hill .
Nowa Niedrzwica ( ˈnɔva ɲedʐˈvit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna , within Międzyrzecz County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Red Lake State Forest is a Minnesota state forest located primarily in Beltrami County , although portions extend into Koochiching County .
Errepalli is a small village which is located in the district of Chittoor and Mandal of Irala in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Cape Sable Island , locally referred to as Cape Island , is a small Canadian island located at the southernmost point of the Nova Scotia peninsula .
WRNO - FM ( 99.5 FM ) is a news / talk formatted radio station servicing New Orleans , Louisiana .
Hanönü , also Gökçeağaç , is a town and district of the Kastamonu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
The Advanced Technology College ( ATC ) is a four - year technical college located in Daytona Beach , Florida in the United States .
Mazanów ( maˈzanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Euharlee Covered Bridge , also known as the Euharlee Creek Covered Bridge or rarely the Lowry Bridge , is a wooden Town lattice covered bridge crossing Euharlee Creek in Euharlee , Georgia , United States , a small town west of Cartersville .
The Millicoma River is a coast stream , about 8.5 miles ( 13.7 km ) long , east of Coos Bay in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Desert Studies Center is a field station of the California State University located in Zzyzx , California , United States in the Mojave Desert .
On 1 January 2013 the municipalities of Ramosch and Tschlin merged to form the new municipality of Valsot .
The Stampede Corral is an ice hockey , rodeo , and tennis arena multi - purpose venue in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Chrishall ( pronounced Chris hall ) is a small village in the English county of Essex .
The Hotel Aragon was a six - story , 125-room hotel located 169 Peachtree Street NE , at the southeast corner of Ellis Street in Atlanta , in what is today the Peachtree Center area of downtown .
The Bill Rice Ranch is a Christian Summer Camp in Murfreesboro Tennessee that was founded by Bill Rice to provide a place for preaching the gospel to teens , especially the deaf .
Misterbianco ( Sicilian : Mustarjancu , Medieval Latin : Monasterium Album , meaning White Monastery or White Minster ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) west of Catania .
Athol Murray College of Notre Dame is an independent , private , Catholic , coeducational school located in Wilcox , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Jodanukar ( Persian : جدانوكر‎ , also Romanized as Jodānūkar ; also known as Jodānokar ) is a village in Divshal Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Two Mile Square Reservation or Two Mile Square Reserve was a tract of land in Ohio ceded by Native Americans to the United States of America in the Treaty of Greenville in 1795 .
The Passage Thiaffait is an urban area located on the slopes of La Croix - Rousse , in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon .
Khan Hayati ( Persian : خان حياطي‎ , also Romanized as Khān Ḩayāţī ) is a village in Chelevand Rural District , Lavandevil District , Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Tomoka River is a north - flowing river in Volusia County , Florida , United States .
Gezir ( Persian : گزير‎ , also Romanized as Gezīr , Gazīr , and Gozir ; also known as Gazīreh and Gezīreh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Lowlak - e Kaslian ( Persian : لولاك كسليان‎ , also Romanized as Lowlāk - e Kaslīān , Lūlak - e Keseleyān , and Lūlak - e Keselīān ) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Machias Valley Airport ( ICAO : KMVM , FAA LID : MVM ) is a town owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southwest of the central business district of Machias , a town in Washington County , Maine , United States .
Dustkuh ( Persian : دوستكوه‎ , also Romanized as Dūstkūh ; also known as Dūstkadeh and Dūstkū ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
El M'Ghair District ( also written El Meghaier District ) is a district of El Oued Province , Algeria .
The Buena Vista Park Historic District in Tulsa , Oklahoma is a 5-acre ( 2.0 ha ) historic district that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in 2007 .
Brunssum ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbrʏnsʏm ) ; Limburgish : Broensem ) is a municipality and a town in the province of Limburg in the Netherlands .
Ab Barik - e Bala ( Persian : اب باريك بالا‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bārīk - e Bālā ; also known as Āb Bārīk ) is a village in Bajestan Rural District , in the Central District of Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The municipality of Au in der Hallertau is located in the north of the district of Freising and in the southern part of the Hallertau , in Bavaria , Germany .
Aldesago is a village on the western slopes of the mountain of Monte Brè , in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
Chamaz Deh ( Persian : چمازده‎ , also Romanized as Chamāz Deh ) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District , Hezarjarib District , Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Terrasses de la Chaudière is a complex of government office buildings in Gatineau , Quebec , Canada .
Macquarie University railway station is located on the Chatswood to Epping line , serving the Sydney suburb of Macquarie Park including the nearby Macquarie University and Macquarie Centre .
Rural Special High School is a comprehensive public high school based in the rural , fringe community of Fox , Arkansas , United States .
Petersfield is a market town and civil parish in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire , England .
Cowichan Indian Reserve No . 1 is an Indian reserve in British Columbia , located south of the City of Duncan .
Knoxville Center , formerly East Towne Mall ; located in Knoxville , Tennessee , is a super - regional shopping mall serving the Knoxville metropolitan area .
Kincaid and Arnett Feed and Flour Building is a historic warehouse building located at Morgantown , Monongalia County , West Virginia .
Winton Woods City School District is a city school district in northern Hamilton County , Ohio , United States .
Milborne Port is a village , electoral ward and civil parish in Somerset , England , east of Sherborne , and in the South Somerset district .
Nowruzi Mosaic Blocks ( Persian : بلوك وموزاييك سازي نوروزي‎ -- Balūḵ va Mūzāīyīḵ Sāzī Bowrūzī ) is a village and company town in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Santana do Paraíso is a Brazilian municipality situated in the state of Minas Gerais which was founded in 1992 .
WRZZ is a Classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Parkersburg , West Virginia , United States , serving the Parkersburg / Marietta area .
Minnedosa Lake is a man - made lake in the Canadian province of Manitoba near Minnedosa , Manitoba .
Gurdigol ( Persian : گورديگل‎ , also Romanized as Gūrdīgol ; also known as Gūrdīgol - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 267 , in 65 families .
Zapato Chino Creek formerly known both as Arroyo de Las Polvarduras ( Creek of the Dust Clouds ) and Arroyo de Zapata Chino ( Chinese Shoe Creek ) , is a creek in Fresno County , California .
North Chicago School District 187 is an Illinois school district in the Lake County city of North Chicago .
Vila Olímpica Elzir Cabral , also known as Fortim do Ferrão ( Ferrão 's Fort ) or just Elzir Cabral , is a multi - use stadium located in Fortaleza , Brazil .
Located near Springerville , Arizona , Becker Lake is part of the 622-acre ( 252 ha ) Becker Lake Wildlife Area .
Vinderup is a railway town in Northwestern Jutland , Holstebro Municipality , Denmark at the railway between Holstebro and Skive .
Amol County ( Persian : شهرستان آمل‎‎ ) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran .
Doane Rock is a glacial erratic located in Eastham , Massachusetts on the grounds of the Cape Cod National Seashore .
Gownd ( Persian : گوند‎ , also Romanized as Jownd ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kuthpady is a village in the Udupi District in the state of Karnataka on the west coast of India .
The Canada Games Complex was constructed in 1981 to host the aquatic events of the 1981 Canada Summer Games in Thunder Bay , Ontario .
Andrés Ibáñez Province is one of the fifteen provinces of the Bolivian Santa Cruz Department , situated in the western part of the department .
The Savage Mill is a historic cotton mill complex in Savage , Maryland , which has been turned into a complex of shops and restaurants .
Panistruga ( panisˈtruɡa ) ( German : Panistrugga ; 1927 - 1945 : Herrnbach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Western Springs Water Tower is a museum and former water tower in Western Springs , Illinois .
Columbia National Forest was established in Washington by the U.S. Forest Service on July 1 , 1908 when it was established from part of Rainier National Forest with 941,440 acres ( 3,809.9 km2 ) .
Hornostaje ( xɔrnɔsˈtajɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Four Seasons Arena is a multi - purpose indoor sports and exhibition arena located in the city of Great Falls , Montana , in the United States .
The Perkins Buildings are a group of three historic industrial buildings located at 85 Sprague Street , 101 and 102 Westfield Street in Providence , Rhode Island .
Wólka Mieczysławska ( ˈvulka mjɛt͡ʂɨˈswafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Firlej , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Brookside Stadium is a natural amphitheatre stadium located in Cleveland , Ohio used for baseball , softball and American football and was the home of World Amateur Championship games in the early 20th century .
Kaminaria ( Greek : Kαμινάρια ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 2 km south of Treis Elies .
Cooee Bay is a seaside community on the tropical Central Queensland coast .
Segerstrom Center for the Arts , originally called Orange County Performing Arts Center , is a performing arts complex located in Costa Mesa , California , United States , which opened in 1986 .
The Institut Tessin , also known as the Centre Culturel Suédois , is a museum in Paris dedicated to the history of Franco - Swedish artistic exchanges .
Oormelalagiyan ( also transliterated as Oormenialagiyan , Urmenialagiyan , Urmelalagiyan , and Oormelalagian ) is a village in Tamil Nadu , India .
Błażejewko ( bwaʐɛˈjɛfkɔ ) ( German : Weißensee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kórnik , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Shangqiu ( Chinese : 商丘 ) , formerly romanized as Shangkiu , is a city in eastern Henan province , Central China .
The House at 10 Park Street , also known as the E.M. Clark House , is a historic house at 10 Park Street in Methuen , Massachusetts .
Hat Ngio ( Thai : หาดงิ้ว ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Uttaradit District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Gonbad Heq ( Persian : گنبدحق‎ , also Romanized as Gonbad Jeq and Gonbadjoq ) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Joel Lane House , also known as Wakefield , was built in 1769 , is a historic restored home and museum located in Raleigh , North Carolina .
The Mosman House at 324 E. Oak St. in Fort Collins , Colorado was designed by architect Montezuma Fuller and was built in 1892 or 1893 .
Kensington mine is a gold mine located 45 mi ( 72 km ) north of Juneau , Alaska .
The Americas Society is an organization dedicated to education , debate , and dialogue on the Americas and is located at 680 Park Avenue on the Upper East Side of Manhattan .
Orkan - e Kord ( Persian : اوركن كرد‎ , also Romanized as Orkān - e Kord ; also known as Orgān - e Kord ) is a village in Khandan Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Daryanil ( Persian : دريانيل‎ , also Romanized as Daryānīl ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Humana Building , also known as the Humana Tower , is a 1985 skyscraper in downtown Louisville , Kentucky , located at 500 West Main Street and headquarters of the Humana Corporation .
Bashari ( Persian : بشري‎ , also Romanized as Basharī ) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Sant Martí de Maçana , or simply Maçana , it is a core of the population situated in the municipality of Rubió , to the comarca of the Anoia , Catalonia , considered as a entity of population ( Code 081859 ) .
Qaleh Tork - e Sofla ( Persian : قلعه ترك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Tork - e Soflá ) is a village in Harasam Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 133 , in 29 families .
Lublica ( luˈblit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczyce , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Boynitsa Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Бойница ) is a small frontier municipality ( obshtina ) in Vidin Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located in the Danubian Plain about 20 km southwest of Danube river .
The Hadrian 's Villa ( Villa Adriana in Italian ) is a large Roman archaeological complex at Tivoli , Italy .
Sawyers Bar Catholic Church ( St. Joseph 's Catholic Church ) is a historic church building in Klamath National Forest in Sawyers Bar , California .
Amos Alonzo Stagg Memorial Stadium , previously known as Pacific Memorial Stadium , was a 28,000 seat , outdoor multi - purpose stadium on the campus of the University of the Pacific in Stockton , California .
Ajalvir ( Spanish pronunciation : ( axalˈβir ) ) is a town and municipality in the Autonomous Community of Madrid in central Spain , located 26 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north - east of Madrid and 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) from Alcalá de Henares .
Masłów Drugi ( ˈmaswuf ˈdruɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Kyarra was built at Dumbarton by William Denny and Brothers , and launched on 2 February 1903 on the River Clyde , Scotland .
The Mitsubishi FTO , is a front engined , front - wheel drive coupe produced by Mitsubishi Motors between 1994 and 2000 .
The Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution , also known as the Lancer Evo , Lan Evo , or just Evo , is a high performance sports sedan manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors that is based on the normal Lancer .
German submarine U-339 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The submarine was laid down on 7 July 1941 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as yard number 211 , launched on 30 June 1942 and commissioned on 25 August under the command of Kapitänleutnant Georg - Wilhelm Basse .
Based on the Concordia class design , Costa Fascinosa was constructed by Fincantieri 's Marghera shipyard in Venice .
Ariane 5 is operated and marketed by Arianespace as part of the Ariane programme .
HMS Kirkliston ( M1157 ) was a Ton - class minesweeper of the Royal Navy , built by Harland and Wolff and launched on 18 February 1954 .
The .700 Nitro Express ( 17.8×89mmR ) is a big game rifle cartridge made by Holland & Holland , London , England .
The Mitsubishi Minica is a kei car produced by Mitsubishi Motors for the Japanese domestic market since October 1962 .
Agni - V is an intercontinental ballistic missile developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) of India .
The British Rail Class 15 diesel locomotives , also known as the BTH Type 1 , were designed by British Thomson - Houston , and built by the Yorkshire Engine Company and the Clayton Equipment Company , between 1957 and 1961 .
Vaijnath Shinde is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress and currently a Member of Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) in the Maharashtra .
Zhao Hongzhu ( Chinese : 赵洪祝 ; born July 1947 ) is a Chinese politician and a member of the Communist Party of China 's national leadership .
Shreegopal Vyas ( born 15 February 1932 ) is an Indian politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party and a member of the Parliament of India representing Chhattisgarh in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament .
Sir Waldron Smithers ( 5 October 1880 -- 9 December 1954 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Brigadier - General Howard Clifton Brown ( 3 April 1868 -- 11 September 1946 ) was a British army officer and Conservative Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Newbury .
František Knapík ( born 17 October 1956 in Ľubotín ) was the mayor of the Slovak city of Košice until December 2010 , and a member of the Christian Democratic Movement ( KDH ) .
George Hewison ( born 1944 ) is a folk singer , trade unionist , and formerly a long - time member of the Communist Party of Canada and was briefly its general secretary from 1988 until 1992 .
Troy Singleton ( born June 30 , 1973 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly , representing the 7th Legislative District since November 21 , 2011 , when he was sworn in to fill the unexpired term of Jack Conners .
David Campbell Bannerman MEP ( born 28 May 1960 in Bombay ) is a Member of the European Parliament for East of England for the Conservative Party , having sat for the UK Independence Party until 24 May 2011 .
Christian Broda ( born 12 March 1916 in Vienna , died 1 February 1987 in Vienna ) was an Austrian lawyer and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Austria .
Henry Traphagen ( June 1 , 1842 - October 11 , 1918 ) was a lawyer and the Mayor of Jersey City , New Jersey for the Democratic Party from May 4 , 1874 to April 30 , 1876 .
John Christian Elden ( born 2 July 1967 ) is a Norwegian barrister and politician for the Conservative Party .
William Dean Howe ( 12 January 1916 -- 24 June 1982 ) was a New Democratic Party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Cheam Channy ( born 15 February 1961 ) is a Cambodian politician and member of parliament for the opposition Sam Rainsy Party ( SRP ) .
Wu Nai - ren ( Chinese : 吳乃仁 ; pinyin : Wú Nǎirén ) is a Taiwanese politician of the Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) .
Bimal Gurung was formerly a Gorkha Volunteers Corps member who fought for the creation of a Gorkhaland state in India during 1986 - 1988 under the Gorkha National Liberation Front ( GNLF ) .
Christian Gottfried Albert Traeger ( 12 June 1830 in Augsburg , Germany -- 26 March 1912 in Charlottenburg ) was a German privy councillor and parliamentarian of the Progressive People 's Party .
Anantrao Patil worked as Chief Editor of the Indian National Congress Party Journal in Pune .
William Douglas Workman , Jr. , known as W. D. Workman , Jr. ( August 10 , 1914 - November 23 , 1990 ) , was a journalist , author , and a pioneer in the development of the 20th century South Carolina Republican Party .
Netzahualcóyotl de la Vega García ( 8 January 1939 -- 6 September 2004 ) was a Mexican trade union leader and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Rolando Bojórquez Gutiérrez ( 12 August 1967 -- 8 March 2013 ) was a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Dr. Imre Pesti ( born September 16 , 1952 ) is a Hungarian physician and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz Budapest Regional List from 2006 to 2014 , and his party 's national list since 2014 .
Leif Castberg ( 23 April 1876 -- 3 March 1950 ) was a Norwegian lawyer and politician for the Radical People 's Party and the Conservative Party .
Raja Nareshchandra Singh ( 21 November 1908 -- 11 September 1987 ) , was ruler of Sarangarh Princely State in Raigarh District , Chhattisgarh , an Indian National Congress politician , and a Chief Minister of undivided Madhya Pradesh .
Ding Weifen ( Chinese : 丁惟汾 ; pinyin : Ding Weifen ; 1874 - 12 May 1954 ) was a founding father of the Kuomintang .
Johanna Wanka ( née Johanna Müller ; born 1 April 1951 ) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) and since 14 February 2013 the Federal Minister for Education and Research .
Wang Huning ( simplified Chinese : 王沪宁 ; traditional Chinese : 王滬寧 ; pinyin : Wáng Hùníng ; born October 6 , 1955 ) is Chinese political theorist and one of the top leaders of the Communist Party of China , and a current member of the party 's Politburo .
Hikmat Sulayman ( 1889 -- 16 June 1964 ) ( Arabic : حكمت سليمان‎ ) was prime minister of Iraq from October 30 , 1936 to August 12 , 1937 at the head of a Party of National Brotherhood government .
Charles Taylor Manatt ( June 9 , 1936 -- July 22 , 2011 ) was a U.S. Democratic Party political figure .
Angela Maraventano ( born on September 14 , 1964 in San Benedetto del Tronto ) is an Italian politician , senator of Northern League elected in Emilia - Romagna during the election of 2008 .
Hrant Markarian ( Armenian : Հրանտ Մարգարյան ; born 1958 ) is an Armenian politician and current head of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation party as chairperson of its top executive body , the Bureau .
Pamela Rosen Lampitt ( born December 19 , 1960 , Natick , Massachusetts ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly , where she represents the 6th legislative district , having taken office on January 10 , 2006 .
Sir John Owen , 1st Baronet ( 1776 -- 6 February 1861 ) , born John Lord , was a British Tory , later Conservative Party , politician from Wales who was a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for over fifty years .
Miron Constantinescu ( 13 December 1917 -- 18 July 1974 ) was a Romanian communist politician , a leading member of the Romanian Communist Party ( PCR , known as PMR for a period of his lifetime ) , as well as a Marxist sociologist , historian , academic , and journalist .
Herbert Tenzer ( November 1 , 1905 -- March 24 , 1993 ) was an American Democratic Party politician , who served two terms in the United States House of Representatives .
Mir Akbar Khyber ( sometimes spelled Khaibar ) ( 1925 -- April 17 , 1978 ) was an Afghan intellectual and a leader of the Parcham faction of People 's Democratic Party of Afghanistan ( PDPA ) .
Jonathan Toby Harris , Baron Harris of Haringey ( born 11 October 1953 ) is a Labour Party politician in the House of Lords .
Arturo de la Garza González ( 1 August 1936 -- 28 January 2011 ) was a Mexican politician and businessman from the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Wojciech Wierzejski ( pronounced ( ˈvɔjt͡ɕɛx vʲɛˈʐɛjskʲi ) , born on 6 September 1976 in Biała Podlaska ) is a Polish politician and former Member of the European Parliament for Warsaw with the League of Polish Families , part of the Independence and Democracy group , and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
William Stratford Dugdale DL ( 1 April 1800 -- 15 September 1871 ) was a British Tory ( and later Conservative Party ) politician .
Edward Brodie Hoare ( 30 October 1841 - 12 August 1911 ) was a British banker and Conservative Party politician .
Willem Doman ( born 1950 ) is a former South African politician , having served as the Shadow Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs , and a Member of Parliament for the opposition Democratic Alliance .
Anna Dora Gaitskell , Baroness Gaitskell ( née Creditor ; 25 April 1901 -- 1 July 1989 ) was a British Labour Party politician and wife of Hugh Gaitskell , leader of the Labour Party 1955 - -63 .
Jennifer Hilton , Baroness Hilton of Eggardon QPM , ( born 12 January 1936 ) is a British Labour Party politician and former police officer with the Metropolitan Police .
Michael Creed ( born 29 June 1963 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and has been a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Cork North--
Sir Claud Alexander , 1st Baronet ( 15 January 1831 -- 23 May 1899 ) was a Scottish Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885 .
Agung Laksono ( born March 23 , 1949 in Semarang , Central Java ) is an Indonesian politician and former Coordinating Minister for People 's Welfare in the Second United Indonesia Cabinet and a member of the Golkar Party .
Sven Bergström ( born 1951 ) is a Swedish Centre Party politician , member of the Riksdag since 1997 .
Geir Jørgen Bekkevold ( born 19 November 1963 ) is a Norwegian priest and politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Lykke Friis ( born 27 October 1969 ) is a Danish politician for the party Venstre and former Minister for Climate and Energy and equal rights .
Sir Isidore Salmon CBE DL JP ( 10 February 1876 -- 16 September 1941 ) was a British businessman and Conservative Party politician .
William J. Bate ( April 10 , 1934 -- January 29 , 2011 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as a state senator , assemblyman , and judge .
Petrie Bowen Wells ( born 4 August 1935 ) , known as Bowen Wells , is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Ilias Panagiotaros ( Greek : Ηλίας Παναγιώταρος ; born 1973 ) is a Greek far - right politician and member of the Hellenic Parliament since 2012 with the party of Golden Dawn .
Manda Jagannadham was elected in 2004 from Nagarkurnool constituency on a Telugu Desam Party ticket but he switched to the Indian National Congress party during the No Confidence Motion .
Ned O'Sullivan ( born 25 November 1950 ) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann on the Labour Panel .
Bonily Khongmen ( 25 June 1912 -- 17 March 2007 ) was an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress party .
Antonio Masip Hidalgo ( born May 3 , 1946 in Oviedo ) is a Spanish politician , lawyer and a Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party , part of the Socialist Group .
Paul Wessel ( b. 9 April 1904 in Plauen ; d. 20 January 1967 in Berlin ) was a member of the small secretariat of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany , the communist party of the former German Democratic Republic .
Diepreye Alamieyeseigha was elected as Governor of Bayelsa State in May 1999 as a member of the ruling People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) .
Syed Shah Mardan Shah - II widely known as Pir Pagara ( Urdu : پیر پگارا‎ , Sindhi : پير پاڳارو‎ ; 22 November 1928 -- 10 January 2012 ) was the spiritual leader of Hurs and president of political party Pakistan Muslim League ( F ) .
Françoise David , CQ ( born January 13 , 1948 ) is a spokesperson of Québec solidaire -- a left - wing , feminist and sovereigntist political party in the province of Quebec , Canada .
Jennifer McCann MLA ( born 1 March 1960 ) is an Irish republican politician in Northern Ireland , who was elected in 2007 to the Northern Ireland Assembly as a Sinn Féin member for Belfast West .
Ertuğrul Kürkçü ( born 5 May 1948 ) is a Turkish politician , socialist activist and the current Honorary President of the Peoples ' Democratic Party ( HDP ) as of 22 June 2014 .
Robert Sturdy ( born 22 June 1944 , in Wetherby , West Riding of Yorkshire ) is a British politician , and former Member of the European Parliament for the East of England constituency for the Conservative Party .
Mario Moya Palencia ( 14 June 1933 -- 9 October 2006 ) was a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Dmytro Zaderetskyi ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Вадимович Задерецький ; born 3 August 1994 in Chernihiv , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for the Ukrainian First League club FC Desna Chernihiv .
Christine Walters ( born 17 June 1991 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player , who played for Canberra United FC in the Australian W - League .
Akinsola Akinyemi ( born 12 July 1993 ) is a Norwegian footballer who is playing as a defender for Grorud IL .
Alessandro Salvatore Perez ( born March 31 , 1987 ) is an American - born Puerto Rican footballer who last played for the Baton Rouge Capitals of the USL Premier Development League .
Francis Lemieux ( born February 22 , 1984 in Sherbrooke , Quebec ) is a professional ice hockey centre , who has played 249 regular - season games in the American Hockey League for the Hamilton Bulldogs and Grand Rapids Griffins .
Jesús Morales ( born December 18 , 1985 in Uruapan ) is a Mexican professional footballer , currently playing as a striker for C.F. La Piedad , wearing jersey # 25 .
Beiker Graterol ( born November 9 , 1974 ) is a former Major League Baseball right - handed pitcher who pitched in one game for the Detroit Tigers in 1999 .
Jack Gale ( 28 August 1899 - 5 April 1975 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played three games in the VFL for Richmond Football Club in 1924 .
Roger Vick ( born August 11 , 1964 in Conroe , Texas ) is a former professional American football running back / fullback in the NFL for the New York Jets and Philadelphia Eagles from 1987 to 1990 .
Johannes Madsen is a Danish footballer who plays as a left winger for Fremad Amager in the Danish Second Division .
Zevon Archibald is a footballer from Saint Kitts and Nevis , who has played for Newtown United FC since 2011 .
Kim Byeom - yong ( 김범용 ; born 29 July 1990 in South Korea ) is a Korean footballer who since 2013 has played midfielder for Sanfrecce Hiroshima in the J. League Division 1 .
Marius Kazlauskas ( born 1 May 1984 , in Gargždai , Lithuania , is a Lithuanian football defender who currently plays for FK Atlantas .
William Harry Spilman ( born July 18 , 1954 in Albany , Georgia ) is a retired Major League Baseball first baseman for the Cincinnati Reds ( 1978 - -81 ) , Houston Astros ( 1981 - -85 and 1988 - -89 ) , Detroit Tigers ( 1986 ) , and San Francisco Giants ( 1986 - -88 ) .
Geroy Simon ( born September 11 , 1975 ) is a retired professional Canadian football slotback who played 15 seasons in the Canadian Football League , twelve of them with the BC Lions .
Jeff LoVecchio ( born August 26 , 1985 ) is an American professional ice hockey Left Wing who is currently playing for of the Nippon Paper Cranes of the Asia League Ice Hockey ( ALIH ) .
Álex Mumbrú Murcia ( born June 12 , 1979 ) , is a Spanish professional basketball player who plays for Bilbao Basket .
Ngweni Ndassi Kadiang ( born 12 July 1996 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Njala Quan Sports Academy in Cameroon , as a defender .
Rodolphe Hiden ( 9 March 1909 -- 11 September 1973 ) was an Austrian - French footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Grazer AK , Wiener AC and RC Paris .
Haydar Hassan Haj Al - Sidig known as Ali Gagarin ( born in Omdurman ) is a former Sudanese footballer who played with Al - Hilal Club .
Mahmoud Dashti is a football player playing for Al - Arabi SC in the VIVA Premier League and Kuwait national football team playing as a Winger and a Striker
Eyal Almoshnino ( Hebrew : אייל אלמושנינו‎ ; born April 10 , 1976 ) is an Israeli footballer who played for Ironi Ashdod , F.C. Ashdod , Maccabi Haifa , Hapoel Bnei Lod , Maccabi Be'er Sheva and Maccabi Kiryat Malakhi .
Jevohn Shepherd ( born April 8 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional basketball player for Victoria Libertas Pesaro of the Italian Serie A.
Everett McIver ( born August 5 , 1970 in Cumberland County , North Carolina ) is a former American football offensive guard in the National Football League that played for the New York Jets , Miami Dolphins and Dallas Cowboys .
Mārtiņš Porejs ( born July 6 , 1991 in Riga ) is a Latvian ice hockey player , currently playing for Dinamo Riga of Kontinental Hockey League .
Glensworth Elizee ( born 9 November 1989 ) is an international footballer from Dominica , who plays as a midfielder for Portsmouth Bombers and the Dominica national football team .
Reggie Berg ( born September 18 , 1976 ) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who played for the Florida Everblades of the ECHL .
Born in Portuguese Mozambique , Jorge Calado is a youth product from S.L. Benfica .
Carlos Carmona Bonet ( born 5 July 1987 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón as a right winger or attacking midfielder .
Aline Pellegrino ( born June 7 , 1982 ) , commonly known as Aline , is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a defender for Russian club WFC Rossiyanka and several clubs in her native Brazil .
Bobby Goepfert ( born May 9 , 1983 ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Düsseldorfer EG in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
During the 1962 season , New York Mets center fielder Richie Ashburn and Elio Chacón found themselves colliding in the outfield .
Anton Lutsyk ( Ukrainian : Антон Васильович Луцик ; born 25 March 1987 in Ivano - Frankivsk , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian First League club FC Lviv .
Antoine Philippon ( born 10 October 1989 ) is a French footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Ligue 2 side CA Bastia .
Oleh Holodyuk ( born 2 January 1988 in Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv .
Mohammed Faouzi ( born 3 September 1987 , Gouda ) is a Dutch footballer of Moroccan descent , who currently plays for VV Noordwijk .
Mike Siani ( born May 27 , 1950 ) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for nine seasons for the Oakland Raiders and Baltimore Colts .
Umapati Kumar is best remembered for his long and cherished career with Mohun Bagan A.C ..
Kağan Söylemezgiller ( born 4 March 1988 ) is a Turkish footballer attacking midfielder for Swiss Challenge League club FC Wil 1900 .
Sylvain Houles born in France is a rugby league player for Toulouse Olympique in the Co - operative Championship .
Rodrigo Rodrigues Ribeiro ( born 18 July 1978 in Itaboraí , Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Luxembourg club FC Jeunesse Canach as a central defender .
In July 2015 Lalchhawnkima was drafted to play for Atlético de Kolkata in the 2015 Indian Super League . In pre season in Spain it was reported that Lalchhawnkima had contracted a hamstring injury , which sidelined him the whole 2015 ISL season .
Mustapha Anane ( 1950 , Larbaâ Nath Irathen -- October 21 , 2010 ) , was a former Algerian international footballer who spent his entire career with JS Kabylie .
Lahaou Konaté ( born November 17 , 1991 in Creteil , France ) is a French basketball player who plays for Le Mans Sarthe Basket .
Sameh Saeed Mujbel Al - Mamoori ( Arabic : سامح سعيد مجبل‎ , born May 26 , 1992 in Baghdad , Iraq ) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as Right back for Baghdad FC in the Iraqi Premier League .
Adam Lowry ( born March 29 , 1993 ) is a Canadian - American ice hockey player with the Winnipeg Jets in the National Hockey League .
Aljmir Murati ( born 18 September 1985 ) is a Swiss football player of Kosovar Albanian descent who plays for Potenza S.C ..
Terrence Edwards ( born April 20 , 1979 ) is a former Canadian football wide receiver who played for nine seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League .
Santos Amador Quispe ( born April 6 , 1982 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra ) is a Bolivian professional footballer currently playing for Nacional Potosí in Bolivia .
Daniel Killer also had a short spell in Colombia with Bucaramanga , he finished his career in the lower leagues with Argentino de Rosario .
Robert Kron ( born February 27 , 1967 ) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey centre and scout for the Carolina Hurricanes .
Alexander Kadeikin ( born October 4 , 1993 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player , who is currently playing for SKA Saint Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Born in Zemun , Boris Sekulić joined MFK Košice team at the age of 19 .
Lucas González Amorosino ( born 2 November 1985 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine rugby union player who plays fullback or wing for the Argentina national rugby union team The Pumas and for Super Rugby franchise the Jaguares .
Lukáš Bielák ( born 14 December 1986 in Ružomberok ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Górnik Łęczna .
Yeyen Tumena ( born on May 16 , 1976 ) is an Indonesian footballer and manager who previously plays as defender for Persma Manado , Persija Jakarta , Persikota Tangerang , Persebaya Surabaya , Perseden Denpasar , PSMS Medan , PSM Makassar and the Indonesia national team .
Viktor Špišić ( born 8 June 1982 in Sisak , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian footballer , who currently plays as a midfielder for HNK Segesta .
Emeka Ononye is a Canadian soccer player who last played for Toronto FC II in the USL .
Robbie Tarrant ( born 25 April 1989 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Zinedine Ferhat ( born March 1 , 1993 ) is an Algerian football player who plays for USM Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 and the Algeria national team .
Brent Raedeke ( born May 29 , 1990 ) is a Canadian - German professional ice hockey player who is currently playing as an offensive centermen for the Adler Mannheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
In 2007 Halmstads BK goalkeeper Magnus Bahne got injured and missed the rest of the season , Halmstad then only had one fit goalkeeper , making the club looking for a new goalkeeper for the remainder of the season and the choice became Kazakhstan international David Loria .
David Odubel Herrera ( born December 29 , 1991 ) is a Venezuelan professional baseball center fielder for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Mark van der Maarel ( born on August 12 , 1989 in Arnhem ) , is a Dutch footballer who plays as a right back for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Mehdi Khalil ( born 19 September 1991 ) is a Lebanese Goalkeeper who is currently a player for Al - Safa ' SC in the Lebanese Premier League .
Thierry Zahui ( born 22 October 1987 ) is an Ivorian footballer , currently playing for Swedish side Assyriska BK .
Chasson Randle ( born February 5 , 1993 ) is an American basketball player with ČEZ Basketball Nymburk of the Czech National Basketball League .
Stephan Salger ( born 30 January 1990 in Düren , Germany ) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Arminia Bielefeld .
Peter Reekers ( born 2 June 1981 in Almelo ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a central defender for DETO in the Dutch Topklasse .
After spells with Rio Branco Esporte Clube and Associação Desportiva São Caetano , Fabiano Gadelha made a break - through with Marília Atlético Clube .
Aladár Virágh ( born 19 February 1983 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian football player who played for Balmazújvárosi FC .
Antonio Jakoliš ( born 28 February 1992 , in Varaždin ) is a Croatian footballer who can play as a winger or a midfielder for Liga I side CFR Cluj .
Alan Noonan ( 13 October 1947 -- 13 April 2011 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) for the Essendon Football Club from 1966 to 1976 and the Richmond Football Club in 1977 .
Mark Hartsell ( born December 7 , 1973 in Brockton , Massachusetts ) is a former quarterback for the Boston College Eagles and Chicago Bears .
Jarriel King ( born July 27 , 1987 ) is an gridiron football offensive tackle for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .
Nathan Craze ( born 26 November 1986 in Merthyr Tydfil , Wales ) is a professional ice hockey netminder currently playing for the Edinburgh Capitals in the Elite Ice Hockey League .
David Bigas Vargas ( born 19 June 1994 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet on loan from Girona FC as a left back or winger .
Daniele Gabriele ( born 16 December 1994 ) is a German - Italian footballer who plays as a forward for VfB Stuttgart II . Gabriele played his first match for VfB Stuttgart II on 25 July 2015 in the 3 .
Szymon Salski ( born September 13 , 1990 ) is a Polish footballer who plays for ŁKS Łódź .
Nuno Miguel Pereira Sousa ( born 8 March 1979 ) , known as Briguel , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.S. Marítimo as a right back .
Shéu , who has Chinese ancestry , was born in Inhassoro , Portuguese Mozambique and discovered by army lieutenant Manuel da Costa , arriving in Lisbon in 1970 and joining S.L. Benfica 's youth ranks .
George Glinatsis ( born June 29 , 1969 in Youngstown , Ohio ) is a former Major League Baseball player who pitched briefly for the Seattle Mariners in 1994 .
Adam Bighill ( born October 16 , 1988 ) is a Canadian football linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
Gary Famiglietti ( November 28 , 1913 -- July 13 , 1986 ) was a professional American football player who played running back for nine seasons for the Chicago Bears and Boston Yanks .
Tony Armstrong ( born 29 September 1989 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Adelaide Football Club , Sydney Swans and Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Alexis Koubroglou ( Greek : Αλέξης Κουμπρόγλου , born 14 August 1991 ) is a professional Greek football player , currently playing for Kavala F.C. in the Greek Football League .
As a member of the Boston Red Sox , Dustan Mohr filled in occasionally in outfield , either replacing Trot Nixon or Coco Crisp .
Chris Charles ( born 7 March 1976 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at representative level for England , and at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers , Salford , and Castleford Tigers ( twice ) , as a Hooker , Second - row , or Loose forward / Lock .
Dmitri Arhip ( born 12 November 1988 ) is a Moldovan rugby union player who plays for Ospreys regional team as a prop .
Silvio Schröter ( born June 29 , 1979 in Radebeul ) is former a German footballer , last contracted with FC Carl Zeiss Jena .
Matteo Nodari ( born May 23 , 1991 in Alzano Lombardo ) is an Italian professional footballer for Tritium Calcio 1908 .
Fwayo Tembo played for the Zambia national football team at the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations in Ghana .
Martín Montoya Torralbo ( born 14 April 1991 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Betis on loan from FC Barcelona as a right back .
Erivaldo Jorge Paulo Ferreira ( born 8 February 1994 ) simply Erivaldo , is an Angolan - born Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Braga B , as a forward .
Julia Wahlberg ( born 29 September 1995 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Kopparbergs / Göteborg FC in the fully professional Damallsvenskan , the highest Swedish women 's league , as a Midfielder .
Stanley Gene ( born 11 May 1974 in Goroka ) is a former Papua New Guinean rugby league player who currently coaches Gateshead Thunder as well coaching the academy team at Hull Kingston Rovers and served as the Papua New Guinea Kumuls head coach .
Yeşim Demirel ( born April 19 , 1990 ) is a Turkish - German women 's football forward currently playing in the 2nd Women 's Football Bundesliga South ( 2 . Frauen Bundesliga Süd ) for Karlsruher SC in Germany with jersey number 9 .
Stefan Glarner ( born 21 November 1987 in Meiringen ) is a Swiss footballer , who currently plays for FC Thun in the Swiss Super League .
Richard Lounder ( born 20 January 1967 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played four games for the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League .
Filip Bednarek ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈfilip bɛdˈnarɛk ) ; born 26 September 1992 in Słupca ) is a Polish football goalkeeper who currently plays for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Desmond N'Ze Kouassi ( born 17 April 1989 ) known as Desmond N'Ze or just Desmond in Japan , is a naturalized Italian footballer of Ghanaian descent who plays as a defender and is currently a free agent after leaving his most recent club , J3 League side Fujieda MYFC .
Bikash Malla is currently the goalkeeper of Nepal Army Club and Nepal National Team .
Pavel Mezlík ( born 25 June 1983 ) is a Czech football player , currently playing for FC Zbrojovka Brno .
Abdullah Musa Abdullah ( born 2 March 1958 ) is a footballer from UAE who played as a goalkeeper for Al - Ahli Club in Dubai , and the UAE national football team .
Cliff Rankin ( 4 December 1896 -- 12 February 1975 ) was an Australian rules footballer , who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) from 1915 to 1928 .
Kim Kwang - min ( Hangul : 김광민 ; born 25 December 1985 ) is a South Korean football defender , who plays for Duhok SC in Iraqi Premier League .
Olivier Lacoste - Lebuis ( born September 28 , 1990 in Mount Royal , Quebec ) is a Canadian soccer defender , who currently plays for RC Strasbourg .
Jim Cullen ( 9 June 1878 -- 9 May 1954 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Essendon Football Club , South Melbourne Football Club and Carlton Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Carl Monroe ( February 20 , 1960 -- April 26 , 1989 ) was a professional American football player who played running back for the San Francisco 49ers from 1983 to 1987 .
Clemens Walch ( born 10 July 1987 ) is an Austrian football player who plays for SV Ried .
Kyrylo Sydorenko ( Ukrainian : Кирило Володимирович Сидоренко ; born 25 July 1985 , Dnipropetrovsk , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol .
Ingrid Tanqueray ( born 25 August 1988 ) is a French basketball player for Basket Lattes and the French national team , where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship .
Mihály Nagymarosi ( 6 October 1919 , in Nagymaros -- 7 September 2002 , in Nagymaros ) was a Hungarian football midfielder , who played for Újpest FC , as well as representing 13 times the Hungarian national football team between 1942 and 1950 .
Sebastián Portigliatti ( born 1 March 1985 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as goalkeeper for C.D. Motagua in the Honduran Liga Nacional .
Ian Ironside ( born 8 March 1964 in Sheffield ) is a retired English football goalkeeper , who spent most of his playing career at Scarborough F.C. but since retiring has returned to Sheffield and is now working as a joiner .
Mark Brunnegger ( born November 1 , 1985 in Graz ) is an Austrian ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Graz 99ers of the Erste Bank Hockey League .
On 7 January 2013 Tonel returned to his homeland and joined top division club S.C. Beira - Mar , signing until June 2014 .
Garry Clark is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s , playing at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers , Scarborough Pirates and Hull , and at representative level for Great Britain and England , as a Wing , i.e. number 2 or 5 .
Taras Puchkovskyi ( Ukrainian : Тарас Миколайович Пучковський ; born 23 August 1994 in Novovolynsk , Volyn Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League .
Sergei Nemolodyshev ( born March 30 , 1985 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Bruce Kozerski ( born April 2 , 1962 in Plains , Pennsylvania ) is a former American football center who played twelve seasons with the Cincinnati Bengals in the National Football League .
Alessandro Ruggeri ( born November 16 , 1990 in Cantù ) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for Reggina Calcio .
Yaw Frimpong ( born 4 December 1986 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for TP Mazembe as a full back .
Mike Lansford ( born July 20 , 1958 in Monterey Park , California ) is a former National Football League placekicker from 1982 - 1990 for the Los Angeles Rams .
Petar Nadoveza started his youth and senior career at HNK Šibenik .
Joe Secord was a player in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers in 1922 as a center .
Aldo Visconti ( born March 26 , 1977 in Resistencia , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Chaco For Ever of the Torneo Argentino A , the regionalised third division in Argentina .
Joseph Schirripa ( born 9 October 1982 ) is a former professional Australian association footballer defender who has played for Northern Spirit FC , Newcastle Jets FC and Sydney FC .
Jean - Yves André ( born May 31 , 1977 ) is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for Cercle de Joachim in the Mauritian Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team as a midfielder .
Iñigo Barrenetxea García ( born 10 January 1994 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Vitoria as an attacking midfielder .
Matt Campanale ( born February 14 , 1988 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for Italian club , Hockey Milano Rossoblu in the Serie A. He is from Chester Springs , Pennsylvania .
Ambrose Askin ( birth registered January→March 1909 -- January 1979 ) was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s , playing at club level for Castleford , Keighley Cougars , and Featherstone Rovers , as a Wing , i.e. number 2 or 5 .
Jaba Lipartia ( Georgian : ჯაბა ლიპარტია ; born 16 November 1987 ) is a Georgian international footballer who plays professionally as a midfielder for FC Zorya Luhansk .
Tim Daniel ( born September 14 , 1969 ) is a former American football wide receiver who played two seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
René Henriksen ( born 27 August 1969 in Glostrup ) is a Danish former professional football player , who played as a defender for Danish club Akademisk Boldklub and Panathinaikos in Greece .
Tonic Chabalala ( born April 25 , 1979 in Giyani , Limpopo ) is a South African football ( soccer ) defender formerly for Orlando Pirates in the Premier Soccer League .
Major General Michael R. Lehnert is a retired major general of the United States Marine Corps .
Admiral of the Fleet Sir Lucius Curtis , 2nd Baronet , KCB , DL ( 3 June 1786 -- 14 January 1869 ) was a senior officer of the Royal Navy during the nineteenth century .
Captain John Quilliam RN ( born Marown , Isle of Man 29 September 1771 - died Michael , Isle of Man 10 October 1829 ) was a Royal Navy officer and the First Lieutenant on HMS Victory at the Battle of Trafalgar .
Thomas K. Chadwick is retired officer in the United States Navy and Chaplain of the United States Coast Guard .
Field Marshal John Colborne , 1st Baron Seaton GCB GCMG GCH PC ( Ire ) ( 16 February 1778 -- 17 April 1863 ) was a British Army officer and Colonial Governor .
Mariano Francisco Saynez Mendoza ( Veracruz , Veracruz , 20 September 1942 ) is an admiral in the Mexican Navy .
The 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit ( 13th MEU ) is one of seven Marine Expeditionary Units currently in existence in the United States Marine Corps .
Albert Sidney Johnston ( February 2 , 1803 -- April 6 , 1862 ) served as a general in three different armies : the Texian ( i.e. , Republic of Texas ) Army , the United States Army , and the Confederate States Army .
Field Marshal Colin Campbell , 1st Baron Clyde GCB KCSI ( 20 October 1792 -- 14 August 1863 ) was a British Army officer .
The 7th Queen 's Own Hussars was a cavalry regiment in the British Army , first formed in 1690 .
The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting the Navy Distinguished Service Medal to Aviation Pilot Floyd Bennett , United States Navy , for exceptionally meritorious and distinguished service in a position of great responsibility to the Government of the United States .
William Harrington Leahy ( October 27 , 1904 -- May 12 , 1986 ) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy .
Joy Bright Hancock ( 4 May 1898 -- 20 August 1986 ) , a veteran of both the First and Second World Wars , was one of the first women officers of the United States Navy .
Thomas J. Fiscus was a Major General in the United States Air Force who served as Judge Advocate General of the Air Force , the highest - ranking officer in the Judge Advocate General 's Corps .
Major - General Andrew Gilbert Wauchope ( 5 July 1846 -- 11 December 1899 ) was a British Army officer , killed commanding a brigade at the Battle of Magersfontein in the South African War .
Ingvar Fredrik Håkansson ( 4 September 1920 -- 9 July 1944 ) was a Swedish volunteer fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) during the Second World War .
William Marshall Roark ( 23 October 1938 -- 7 April 1965 ) was a United States Navy aviator , Lieutenant , recipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross and namesake of USS Roark ( FF-1053 ) .
Brigadier - General Guy Melfort Baldwin DSO was a British cavalry officer in the British Indian Army where he commanded the 25th Cavalry ( Frontier Force ) and later the Derajat Brigade .
Frederick Thomas Fisher , ( June 3 , 1872 -- April 15 , 1906 ) was a gunner 's mate in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for his actions aboard USS Philadelphia ( C-4 ) during the Philippine - American War .
William Troy ( 1848 - -March 8 , 1907 ) entered service in the US Navy from Massachusetts as a United States Navy sailor .
Francis Fessenden ( March 18 , 1839 -- January 2 , 1906 ) was a lawyer , politician , and soldier from the state of Maine who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Patricia Howard ( born 1947 ) was the first regular British Women 's Royal Air Force officer to wear an aircrew brevet ( `` wings '' ) and therefore the first to serve in the General Duties ( Flying ) Branch .
Clarice de ' Medici ( 1493 -- 1528 ) was the daughter of Piero di Lorenzo de ' Medici and Alfonsina Orsini .
Margaret Hamburg is the daughter of Beatrix Hamburg and David A. Hamburg , both physicians .
Princess Anna of Hesse and by Rhine , third child and only daughter of Prince Karl of Hesse and by Rhine , and his wife , Princess Elisabeth of Prussia , was born at Bessungen , Grand Duchy of Hesse .
Richard of Shrewsbury , Duke of York ( born on 17 August 1473 ) , was the sixth child and second son of King Edward IV of England and Elizabeth Woodville , born in Shrewsbury .
Born on 18 September 1709 ( New Style ) , to Michael Johnson , a bookseller , and his wife , Sarah Ford , Samuel Johnson often claimed that he grew up in poverty .
Robert Monckton was the second son of Elizabeth Manners and John Monckton ( later the first Viscount Galway ) and , like many second sons of British aristocrats , he entered military service .
Siemowit ( Polish pronunciation : ( ɕɛˈmɔvit ) , also Ziemowit ( ʑɛˈmɔvit ) ) was , according to the chronicles of Gallus Anonymus , the son of Piast the Wheelwright and Rzepicha .
Ali Sethi was born in Lahore , to Najam Sethi and Jugnu Mohsin .
Catherine of Valois was the youngest daughter of King Charles VI of France and his wife Isabeau of Bavaria .
John de Bohun , 5th Earl of Hereford ( 23 November 1306 -- 20 January 1336 ) was born in St Clement 's , Oxford to Humphrey de Bohun , 4th Earl of Hereford and Elizabeth of Rhuddlan , a daughter of Edward I of England .
The main branch of the Xi River flows southeast through the delta entering the South China Sea at Modao Men , just west of Macau .
The Black Pockau ( German : Schwarze Pockau or Schwarzwasser , Czech : Černá ) is a left tributary of the River Flöha in the Ore Mountains .
Derived from the Kaurna name ( Pandlotinga ) , Panalatinga Creek ( often mispronounced Panatalinga ) is a short creek that runs from the foothills in the southern Adelaide suburbs around Chandlers Hill through to Trott Park , South Australia as part of the Field River catchment zone .
Wilson Run ( also known as Wilsons Run or Wilson 's Run ) is a tributary of Kipps Run in Northumberland County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
The Nederrijn flows on to the city of Wijk bij Duurstede , from where it continues as the River Lek .
Kedron Brook then meanders through suburbs including Stafford , Grange , Lutwyche , Wooloowin , Kalinga Park , Toombul and Hendra before it empties into the Schulz Canal , which flows into Moreton Bay at Nudgee Beach .
The Black Ernz ( Luxembourgish : Schwaarz Iernz , French : Ernz noire , German : Schwarze Ernz ) is a river flowing through Luxembourg , joining the Sauer at Grundhof .
The Ubagan River is a river of Kazakhstan and Russia , a right tributary of the Tobol River .
Zbruch River ( Ukrainian : Збруч , Polish : Zbrucz ) is a river in Western Ukraine , a left tributary of the Dniester .
The Metolius River ( pronounced muh TOLL ee us ) is a tributary of the Deschutes River ( through Lake Billy Chinook ) in Central Oregon , United States , near the city of Sisters .
Aquashicola Creek ( pronounced Ahkwa - SHIK - ola ) , also known as Aquanchicola Creek , or Aquanshicola Creek , is a 20.8-mile - long ( 33.5 km ) tributary of the Lehigh River in the Poconos of eastern Pennsylvania in the United States .
The Luangwa River is one of the major tributaries of the Zambezi River , and one of the four biggest rivers of Zambia .
Szinva is a stream in northern Hungary , a tributary to the river Sajó .
The Abens is a river in Bavaria , Germany , and a right - bank tributary of the Danube .
The Lac qui Parle River is a tributary of the Minnesota River , 118 miles ( 190 km ) long , in southwestern Minnesota in the United States .
Castle Harlan was founded in 1987 by Leonard Harlan and John K. Castle , but its history goes back to the 1960s .
In numerical analysis , Newton 's method ( also known as the Newton -- Raphson method ) , named after Isaac Newton and Joseph Raphson , is a method for finding successively better approximations to the roots ( or zeroes ) of a real - valued function .
Barytocalcite is an anhydrous barium calcium carbonate mineral with the chemical formula BaCa(CO3)2 .
A Helmholtz coil is a device for producing a region of nearly uniform magnetic field , named after the German physicist Hermann von Helmholtz .
The Jubilee line is coloured silver / grey on the Tube map , to mark the Silver Jubilee of Elizabeth II after which the line was named .
In mathematics , the Bogomolov conjecture , named for Fedor Bogomolov , is the following statement :
Lutetium , derived from the Latin Lutetia ( Paris ) , was independently discovered in 1907 by French scientist Georges Urbain , Austrian mineralogist Baron Carl Auer von Welsbach , and American chemist Charles James .
The Panizzi Lectures are a series of annual lectures given at the British Library by `` eminent scholars of the book '' and named after the librarian Anthony Panizzi .
Risopatrón Base , also Luis Risopatrón Base , is a small Chilean Antarctic research base in the northwest of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica situated on the isthmus linking Coppermine Peninsula to Alfatar Peninsula and bounded by Carlota Cove to the north and Coppermine Cove to the south .
Pompeiu 's theorem is a result of plane geometry , discovered by the Romanian mathematician Dimitrie Pompeiu .
One of the Windward Islands , Saint Lucia was named after Saint Lucy of Syracuse by the French , the island 's first European settlers .
During its run , Take the High Road was always one of the highest - rated television programmes in Scotland , and had an extremely loyal following throughout the rest of the UK .
Disquiet Heart is an historical crime novel by the American writer Randall Silvis set in 1847 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The Hard Word grossed $ 2,957,456 at the box office in Australia .
Dragonwings features Chinese American experience in the United States , specifically San Francisco , shortly after the turn of the twentieth century .
Although it is now seen as belonging to the Italian Nouvelle Vague , Before the Revolution did not attract large audiences in Italy where it only received lukewarm approval from most of the critics .
A Tale of Two Cities ( 1859 ) is a novel by Charles Dickens , set in London and Paris before and during the French Revolution .
Mrs. Beautiful is an historical novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in 1909 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Wilhelm Ténint ( born 1817 ) was a minor French Romantic writer .
Peter Schulz ( 25 April 1930 -- 17 May 2013 ) was a German politician , member of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) and First Mayor of Hamburg ( 1971 -- 1974 ) .
Gwenaëlle Aubry ( born April 2 , 1971 ) is a French novelist and philosopher .
Tonie Marshall ( born 29 November 1951 ) is an actress , screenwriter , and film director in French cinema .
Heinz G. Konsalik , pseudonym of Heinz Günther ( May 28 , 1921 -- October 2 , 1999 ) was a German novelist .
Henri Ternaux - Compans ( born in Paris in 1807 ; died there in December 1864 ) was a French historian .
Jacques - Émile Blanche ( French : ( blɑ̃ʃ ) ; 1 January 1861 -- 20 September 1942 ) was a French artist .
Céline Émilie Seurre , known as Cécile Sorel or the Comtesse de Ségur , by marriage ( 7 September 1873 , Paris - 3 September 1966 , Trouville - sur - Mer ) was a French comic actress .
Liliane Bert is a French film and television actress .
Félicien Champsaur ( 1858 - -1934 ) was a French novelist and journalist .
Raymond Abellio is the pseudonym of French writer Georges Soulès .
Nadine de Rothschild ( née Nadine Lhopitalier ; born 18 April 1932 ) is a French author and actress .
Helene Weber ( born 17 March 1881 in Elberfeld ( now Wuppertal ) , Rhine Province , died 25 July 1962 in Bonn ) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union ( `` CDU '' ) .
Jacques Chastenet de Castaing ( April 20 , 1893 , Paris -- February 7 , 1978 ) was a French journalist , historian and diplomat .
Stanley Weber ( born 13 July 1986 ) is a French actor and theatre director .
Augustin de Lespinasse ( 8 October 1737 -- 23 November 1816 ) commanded French artillery during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Marie - France Pisier ( 10 May 1944 -- 24 April 2011 ) was a French actress , screenwriter , and director .
Jean Gallois ( 14 June 1632 -- 9 April 1707 ) was a French scholar and abbé .
Christian Lamothe ( born 1952 in Paris ) , better known with his pseudonym Christian Picquet , is a French activist and politician .
Heiner Geißler ( born March 3 , 1930 ) is a German politician with the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) party .
Louis Jacques Maurice de Bonald ( 30 October 1787 -- 23 February 1870 ) was a French cardinal ( 1841 ) .
François Cavanna ( 22 February 1923 -- 29 January 2014 ) was a French author and satirical newspaper editor .
Abdelwahab Meddeb ( Tunisian Arabic : عبد الوهاب المدب‎ ; 1946 -- 5 November 2014 ) was an award - winning French - language poet , novelist , essayist , translator , editor , cultural critic , political commentator , radio producer , public intellectual and professor of comparative literature at the University of Paris X - Nanterre .
Roger Martin du Gard ( French : ( dy gaʁ ) ; 23 March 1881 -- 22 August 1958 ) was a French author and novelist , winner of the 1937 Nobel Prize for Literature .
Roland Emmerich ( German : ( ˈʁoːlant ˈɛməʁɪç ) ; born November 10 , 1955 ) is a German film director , screenwriter , and producer .
María Casares ( 21 November 1922 -- 22 November 1996 ) was a Spanish - French actress and one of the most distinguished stars of the French stage .
Claude Boyer ( 1618 , Albi -- 22 July 1698 , Paris ) was a French clergyman , playwright , apologist and poet .
Suzanne Prou ( 1920 Grimaud , Var - December 29 - -30 , 1995 ) was a French novelist .
Louis Jacques Marie Collin du Bocage ( 14 May 1893 -- 3 November 1952 ) , better known by the pen name Louis Verneuil , was a French playwright , screenwriter , and actor .
Maximilien Sébastien Foy ( 3 February 1775 -- 28 November 1825 ) was a French military leader , statesman and writer .
Philips Baelde or Father Philippus Baldaeus , ( baptized on 24 October 1632 , Delft -- 1671 , Geervliet ) was a Dutch minister .
Roschdy Zem ( born 27 September 1965 ) is a French actor and filmmaker of Moroccan descent .
Alfred Mombert ( 6 February 1872 -- 8 April 1942 ) was a German poet , born in Karlsruhe , and educated at the universities of Heidelberg , Leipzig , Munich , and Berlin .
Julien Torma ( 6 April 1902 -- 17 February 1933 ) was a French writer , playwright and poet who was part of the Dadaist movement .
Ilja Leonard Pfeijffer ( born 17 January 1968 ) is a Dutch poet , novelist , polemicist and classical scholar .
Marie - Josée Roig ( born 12 May 1938 ) is a French politician
Étienne Manac'h ( later known as Étienne Manoël Manac'h ; February 3 , 1910 in Plouigneau , Brittany -- 1992 ) was a French career diplomat and author .
Victor André Cornil , also André - Victor Cornil ( 17 June 1837 -- 13 April 1908 ) was a French pathologist , histologist and politician born in Cusset , Allier .
Jean - Michel Bertrand ( born 6 June 1943 at Baccarat , Meurthe - et - Moselle , died 19 February 2008 at the Hôpital Saint - Louis in Paris ) was a French politician of the Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) .
Jean - Baptiste Say ( French : ( ʒãbatist sɛ ) ; 5 January 1767 -- 15 November 1832 ) was a French economist and businessman .
Max Hymans ( March 2 , 1900 ; Paris - March 7 , 1961 ; Saint - Cloud ) , was a notable leftist French politician , member of the resistance , and director of Air France .
Michèle Morgan ( pronounced : ( miʃɛl mɔʁɡan ) ; born 29 February 1920 ) is a French film actress , who was a leading lady for three decades .
Isabelle Christine Inès Léonore Girard ( born July 27 , 1944 ) , better known by the name Isabelle De Funès , is a French actress , singer , model and photographer .
Lucien Millevoye ( 1 August 1850 -- 25 March 1918 ) was a French journalist and right - wing politician , now best known for his relationship with the Irish revolutionary and muse of W.B. Yeats , Maud Gonne .
Louis Philippe I ( 6 October 1773 -- 26 August 1850 ) was King of the French from 1830 to 1848 as the leader of the Orléanist party .
Elmar Pieroth ( born 9 November 1934 in Bad Kreuznach ) is a German politician ( CDU ) .
Edmond Flegenheimer better known as Edmond Fleg , ( 26 November 1874 , Geneva -- 15 October 1963 , Paris ) was a Jewish French writer , thinker , novelist , essayist and playwright of the 20th century .
Saint Eugène de Mazenod ( born Charles - Joseph - Eugène de Mazenod ; 1 August 1782 -- 21 May 1861 ) , more commonly known as Eugène de Mazenod , was a French Catholic clergyman , beatified on 19 October 1975 by Pope Paul VI , and canonized on 3 December 1995 by Pope John Paul II .
Ivan Savitskiy ( born March 6 , 1992 in Grozny ) is a Russian cyclist riding for RusVelo .
Antonin Dubost ( 6 April 1842 , L'Arbresle , Rhône -- 16 April 1921 , Paris ) was a French journalist , State Councillor and Senator .
Bertrand Poirot - Delpech ( Paris , 10 February 1929 -- 14 November 2006 ) was a French journalist , essayist and novelist .
Dr. Lale Akgün ( born 17 September 1953 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a German politician of Turkish origin and member of the SPD .
Louis Pierre Manuel ( 1751 -- 17 November 1793 ) was a French writer and political figure of the Revolution .
Henri Béraud ( 21 September 1885 in Lyon -- 24 October 1958 in Saint - Clément - des - Baleines ) was a French novelist and journalist .
Dieter Möhrmann ( born 1948 ) is a German politician in the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) and deputy speaker in the Lower Saxony State Parliament .
André Léon Blum ( ɑ̃dʁe leɔ̃ blum ) ( BLOOM ) ( 9 April 1872 -- 30 March 1950 ) was a French politician , identified with the moderate left , and three times Prime Minister of France .
Pierre Alféri ( French : ( alfeʁi ) ; born 1963 ) is a French novelist , poet , and essayist .
Édouard Balladur ( French : ( e.dwaʁ ba.la.dyʁ ) ; born 2 May 1929 ) is a French politician who served as Prime Minister of France under François Mitterrand from 29 March 1993 to 10 May 1995 .
Antoine Jacques Claude Joseph , comte Boulay de la Meurthe ( 19 February 1761 -- 4 February 1840 ) , was a French politician and magistrate .
Franck Venaille ( born 1936 in Paris ) is a French poet and writer .
Pierre Mazeaud ( born 24 August 1929 in Lyon ) is a French jurist , politician and alpinist .
Franck Dubosc ( born 7 November 1963 ) is a French actor , comedian and stand - up artist .
Joséphine de Meaux ( born 23 January 1977 ) is a French actress and director .
Christine Fabréga ( April 8 , 1931 in Paris -- June 11 , 1988 ) was a French actress and television personality .
Joann Sfar ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒoan sfaʁ ) ; born 28 August 1971 ) is a French comics artist , comic book creator , novelist , and film director .
Jürgen Klimke ( born 2 July 1948 in Hamburg ) is a German politician and member of the conservative party CDU - Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( German : Christlich Demokratische Union Deutschlands ) .
Prince Jules de Polignac , 3rd Duke of Polignac ( Auguste Jules Armand Marie ; French pronunciation : ​(ʒyl.də.pɔ.li.ɲak ) ; 14 May 1780 -- 2 March 1847 ) , was a French statesman .
Hans Böckler ( 26 February 1875 -- 16 February 1951 ) was a German politician and union leader .
Roberto Juarroz ( Coronel Dorrego 1925 - -1995 Temperley ) was an Argentine poet famous for his `` Poesía vertical '' ( Vertical poetry ) .
Cathie Marsh ( 17 February 1951 - 1 January 1993 ) was a sociologist and statistician .
Abraham Kaplan ( June 11 , 1918 -- June 19 , 1993 ) was an American philosopher , known best for being the first philosopher to systematically examine the behavioral sciences in his book The Conduct of Inquiry ( 1964 ) .
Paul Mauffray is an American conductor and laureat of the 2007 Bartók International Opera Conducting Competition and 1996 Freedman Conducting Competition .
Maria Goodavage is a journalist and editor , and author of two New York Times Best Selling books about military dogs .
Sarah Stock ( born March 4 , 1979 ) is a Canadian professional wrestler , currently signed to WWE as a trainer .
Jonathan Mannion ( born December 3 , 1970 ) is a noted photographer and film director .
Christopher Richard Jones ( born June 23 , 1984 ) , better known by his stage name Jonezen , is an American rapper , songwriter , actor and guitarist .
Nacha Guevara ( born Clotilde Acosta , October 3 , 1940 ) is an Argentine singer - songwriter , dancer and actress from Mar de Plata , Buenos Aires province .
John Leland Atwood ( October 26 , 1904 -- March 5 , 1999 ) was a prominent engineer and executive in the aerospace industry .
Manuel Rivera - Ortiz ( born December 23 , 1968 ) is a stateside Puerto Rican photographer .
Stephan Weyte , is a voice actor in computer games , one of his more well known roles was as the voice for the main character Caleb in the computer game Blood and its sequel Blood II :
Mike South ( born December 26 , 1957 ) , is an American pornographic actor , director , blogger and pornography gossip columnist .
Mary Emilie Holmes ( April 10 , 1850 -- February 13 , 1906 ) was a 19th - century American geologist and educator who became the first woman to be elected a fellow of the Geological Society of America .
Josephine Riley , usually Jo Riley , is a British writer , translator , theatre actor , and schoolteacher .
James M. Northup ( October 8 , 1820 -- October 20 , 1899 ) was an American farmer , merchant , banker and politician from New York .
Gustaf Wilhelm Hammar ( Gustav Vilhelm Hammar ) ( June 22 , 1893 -- August 19 1954 ) was a Swedish - born American experimental physicist .
Manuel Ricardo Palma Soriano ( February 7 , 1833 -- October 6 , 1919 ) was a Peruvian author , scholar , librarian and politician .
Larry Nickel ( born March 12 , 1952 ) is a Canadian composer , conductor , music publisher and singer who devotes much of his focus to choral music .
Kinda Hibrawi ( Arabic : كندة هبراوي‎ ) ( born June 11 , 1978 ) is a Syrian American artist .
Vinal G. Good ( January 6 , 1906 - December 23 , 2000 ) was an American politician and lawyer from Maine .
Gordon Matta - Clark ( born Gordon Roberto Echaurren Matta ; June 22 , 1943 -- August 27 , 1978 ) was an American artist best known for his site - specific artworks he made in the 1970s .
Chris Sagona is an American journalist and the winner of the 2005 Society of Professional Journalists ' Award for Best Feature Writing .
Rock Allen ( born September 5 , 1981 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is a boxer in the Welterweight division .
Eri Jabotinsky ( Hebrew : ערי ז'בוטינסקי‎ , also transliterated Ari , December 26 , 1910 -- June 6 , 1969 ) was a Revisionist Zionist activist , Israeli politician and academic mathematician .
Allyson Kay Duncan ( born September 5 , 1951 , in Durham , North Carolina ) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit .
William Bradley Kincaid ( July 13 , 1895 -- September 23 , 1989 ) was an American folk singer and radio entertainer .
Ashley Turner is an American singer - songwriter , pianist , and vocal coach .
Phillip Nixon ( also known as Philip Nixon or Phil Nixon ) is a British composer and graphic designer for video games .
Hugo Falcandus was a historian who chronicled the reign of William I of Sicily and the minority of his son William II in a highly critical work entitled The History of the Tyrants of Sicily ( or Liber de Regno Sicilie ) .
Pablo Salazar Mendiguchía ( born in Soyaló , Chiapas , on August 9 , 1954 ) is a Mexican politician and ex - governor .
Arwut Chinnapasaen ( Thai : อาวุธ ชินนภาแสน ; born December 3 , 1980 ) is a Thai former swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Jean - Luc Bilodeau ( born November 4 , 1990 ) is a Canadian actor who has been acting since 2004 .
Hellmut Lantschner ( November 11 , 1909 -- July 4 , 1993 ) was an Austrian and German alpine skier and world champion .
Maestro Curtis , also known as Maestro Brian , is an American musician , composer , arranger , educator , author , and sound alchemist ( sound healing ) .
Shepperd Strudwick ( September 22 , 1907 -- January 15 , 1983 ) was an American actor of film , television and stage .
Edward Salisbury Dana ( November 16 , 1849 -- June 16 , 1935 ) was an American mineralogist and physicist .
John R. Buckley ( born January 1 , 1932 in Rockland , Massachusetts ) is an American politician who served as Massachusetts Secretary of Administration and Finance from 1975 to 1979 , member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1965 to 1975 , and Abington , Massachusetts Town Treasurer from 1961 to 1965 .
Pushkar Shrotri is a Marathi , Hindi film & theatre actor .
Lenny Von Dohlen ( born December 22 , 1958 ) is an American film , television and stage actor , known for his performance as architect Miles Harding in the film Electric Dreams and as the orchid - growing agoraphobic Harold Smith in the television series Twin Peaks .
Ann Wynia ( née Jobe , born September 29 , 1943 ) is an American politician who served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1977 - -1989 .
Jose De Jesus ( born August 8 , 1968 in Cayey , Puerto Rico ) is a retired professional boxer in the light flyweight ( 108 lb ) division .
Rupert Nigel Pendrill Hadow known as Pen Hadow ( born 26 February 1962 ) , is founding director of Geo Mission Ltd , an environmental sponsorship organisation , and British polar guide and explorer .
Rudolf Maria Holzapfel ( April 26 , 1874 , Cracow - February 8 , 1930 , Muri ( Kanton Bern ) ) was a Poland - born Austrian psychologist , philosopher .
Judith E. Glaser is an American author , academic , business executive and organizational anthropologist .
Robert Bice ( March 14 , 1914 -- January 8 , 1968 ) , was an American television and film actor .
Joseph Jastrow ( January 30 , 1863 -- January 8 , 1944 ) was a Polish - born American psychologist , noted for inventions in experimental psychology , design of experiments , and psychophysics .
Lev Navrozov ( Russian : Лев Наврозов ; born 1928 in Moscow ) is a Russian author , historian and polemicist and father of poet Andrei Navrozov .
Gina Catalino ( born in 1984 ) is a New Hampshire native singer - songwriter best known for her song , 11:32 PM .
Baldassare Calamai ( Florence , November 13 , 1797 - July 11 , 1851 ) was an Italian painter , active in a neoclassical style , painting mainly historical subjects .
Mohammad Shadab Kabir Siddiqi ( born November 12 , 1977 , Karachi , Sindh ) is a Pakistani cricketer who played in 5 Tests and 3 ODIs from 1996 to 2002 .
Damodran Nair is a former Fijian politician of Indian descent , who held the Tavua Open Constituency in the House of Representatives for the Fiji Labour Party ( FLP ) in a by election on 17 January 2004 following the death of the incumbent , Pravin Singh , in an automobile accident in late 2003 .
Galen Hadley ( born March 9 , 1942 , in Lincoln , Nebraska ) is an American politician who is a member the Nebraska Legislature , serving as Speaker of the Nebraska Legislature since January 2015 .
Aaron Feldman is an American professional photographer , best known as the founder and CEO of True Photography Weddings , the largest wedding photo business in San Diego , California .
Irvin Alberti is an actor and humourist from the Dominican Republic .
Seiran Khatlamadjian ( Armenian : Սեյրան Խաթլամաջյան or Սէյրան Խաթլամաճեան ; April 20 , 1937 - September 14 , 1994 ) was a prominent Armenian painter , graphic artist , and public figure .
Aleksander Lesser ( May 13 , 1814 -- March 13 , 1884 ) was a Polish painter , illustrator , sketch artist , art critic , and amateur researcher of antiquities who was of Jewish descent .
Tom Spezialy is an American television producer , director and screen writer .
Lucius Quinctius Flamininus ( died 170 BC ) was a Roman politician and general who served as consul in 192 BC alongside Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus .
Katherine Bucknell ( born 1957 in Saigon ) is an American scholar and novelist who resides in England .
Agostino Mitelli ( March 16 , 1609 -- August 2 , 1660 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period and best known as a fresco painter of quadratura or illusionistic perspectival architectural frameworks .
Lawrence Alan Eyre ( b . Leeds , 1930 ) is a British - born Jamaican geographer and environmentalist .
Yoni Cohen - Idov ( born May 31 , 1980 ) is an Israeli debater and journalist .
Sonia Marie De León de Vega ( born January 19 , 1964 ) is an American orchestral conductor .
Shirley Kellogg ( born 1888 ) was an American actress and singer who found greater success in Britain than in America , mostly in revue .
Pierre Clereau ( died before 11 January 1570 ) was a French composer , choirmaster , and possibly organist of the Renaissance , active in several towns in Lorraine , including Toul and Nancy .
Jared Hamman ( born March 7 , 1982 ) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the World Series of Fighting 's Middleweight division .
Arsen Gevorgyan ( Armenian : Արսէն Գևորգյան , born June 1 , 1975 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian retired judoka .
Abdulaziz Al - Hamidi ( born September 16 , 1987 in Kuwait ) is a Kuwaiti basketball player who plays for the Kuwaiti National team .
Zena Stein is a South African epidemiologist , activist and doctor .
Dody Weston Thompson ( April 11 , 1923 -- October 14 , 2012 ) was a 20th - century American photographer and chronicler of the history and craft of photography .
Amade Camal ( born 1956 ) is a Mozambican politician and Muslim activist .
Ron Oden ( born March 21 , 1950 ) is an American , openly gay politician .
Herbert Thomas Mandl ( August 18 , 1926 - February 22 , 2007 ) was a Czechoslovak - German - Jewish author , concert violinist , professor of music , philosopher , inventor and lecturer .
Sharon Gannon ( born July 4 , 1951 in Washington , D.C. ) is a yoga teacher , animal rights advocate , musician , author , dancer / choreographer and painter .
Carol Goar is a Canadian journalist and currently an editorial columnist for the Toronto Star .
Jared Potter Kirtland ( November 10 , 1793 -- December 10 , 1877 ) was a naturalist , malacologist , and politician most active in the U.S. state of Ohio , where he served as a probate judge , and in the Ohio House of Representatives .
Reymarvi Rojas Velazco , better known as Beba Rojas ( born September 25 , 1975 ) is a Venezuelan actress , model and comedian .
Tom Eyen ( August 14 , 1940 -- May 26 , 1991 ) was an American playwright , lyricist , television writer and theatre director .
Spookey Ruben ( born Alan Deil ) is a Canadian musician and experimental filmmaker .
Mike Kungl is an American painter of Disney Fine Art who has also worked as a graphic designer on many multinational advertising campaigns for companies like Panasonic , Johnson & Johnson , Toshiba , Sony , Warner Bros. Television and Bank of America .
Andrew Hindes ( born May 1 , 1958 ) is an American writer and former journalist who has worked for more than 30 years in the entertainment industry .
Suchitra Krishnamoorthi is an Indian actress , writer , painter and singer .
Jim J. Bullock ( sometimes credited as Jm J. Bullock ) ( born February 9 , 1955 ) is an American actor .
Jay Wade Edwards ( born September 12 , 1968 ) is an American film director and editor .
Charles La Rocque , also spelled Larocque , ( November 15 , 1809 -- July 15 , 1875 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and third Bishop of Saint - Hyacinthe from 1866 to 1875 .
Larri Passos ( born December 30 , 1957 ) is a Brazilian tennis coach most recognized for being coach of the tennis player Gustavo Kuerten .
Florence Warner ( born March 22 , 1947 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American singer who has worked mainly in recordings of TV commercials , including the `` Hello News '' image campaign from Gari Communications .
Artur Kuciapski ( born December 26 , 1993 ) is a Polish middle distance runner , who specializes in the 800 metres .
Edward H. Edgerton ( August 31 , 1863 -- July 7 , 1934 ) was a Vermont businessman , lawyer , judge , and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate .
Erick Ray Evans ( December 29 , 1945 -- August 21 , 1999 ) was an American actor best known for his part as David Theroux in the BBC science - fiction drama Star Cops .
Mourad Ait Ouarab is an Algerian handball coach of the Algerian national team .
Jouko Ahola ( born December 1 , 1970 ) is a Finnish former strongman , power - lifter and actor .
Mohamed Rabbae ( Berrechid ( Morocco ) , March 8 , 1941 ) is a Dutch politician and activist of Moroccan descent .
Alena Matejka ( Alena Matějková ) ( born January 26 , 1966 in Jindřichův Hradec ) is a Czech sculptor and glass designer .
Azeem Ghumman ( Urdu : عظیم گھمن‎)(born January 24 , 1991 ) is a Pakistani cricketer .
Tony Kehl ( born October 21 , 1942 ) is a college football coach , who served as the head coach of the Sonoma State Cossacks from 1982 to 1986 .
Glenn O'Loughlin ( born 4 July 1959 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Béla Dankó ( born May 13 , 1969 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Szarvas ( Békés County Constituency V ) from 2010 to 2014 , and for Békés ( Békés County Constituency II ) since 2014 .
Eliyahu Nawi ( Hebrew : אליהו נאוי‎ ; June 22 , 1920 -- November 16 , 2012 ) was a judge , lawyer , poet , politician , Bible investigator , and mayor of Beersheba .
Denisse Fajardo García ( born July 1 , 1964 in Lima ) is a former Peruvian volleyball player , and a three - time Olympian for her native country .
Gary Beals ( born October 25 , 1982 in Halifax , Nova Scotia ) is a Canadian singer who is best known for being the second - place finisher in the first season of the reality television series Canadian Idol .
Richard John Walters ( born November 15 , 1961 ) is an American film and television actor , best known for playing Harry Warden in the 2009 horror film , My Bloody Valentine 3D.
David Shore ( born July 3 , 1959 ) is a Canadian writer , and former lawyer , best known for his work writing and producing in television .
Felicity Kenvyn ( known as Lissa Evans ) is a British television director , producer and author .
Hizaki ( stylized as HIZAKI ) is a Japanese visual kei musician , songwriter and record producer .
Luigi Chinetti ( July 17 , 1901 -- August 17 , 1994 ) was an Italian - born racecar driver , who emigrated to the United States during World War II and became an American citizen .
Iraj Kaboli ( Persian : ایرج کابلی‎ ; born April 12 , 1938 ) is an Iranian writer , linguist and translator .
Colin Grzanna is a German international rugby union player , playing for the Berliner RC in the Rugby - Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team .
Pedro Luís Pereira de Sousa ( December 13 , 1839 -- July 16 , 1884 ) was a Brazilian poet , politician , orator and lawyer , adept of the `` Condorist '' movement .
Zhao Xijin ( 赵喜进 ) is a Chinese paleontologist notable for having named numerous dinosaurs .
FM Le Sieur is a Canadian musician and composer .
Ivo Lill ( born June 24 , 1953 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian glass artist .
Rick Brinkley is a minister and former Republican politician from Oklahoma who was a member of the Oklahoma Senate .
Nathan Altshiller Court ( 1881 - 1968 ) was a Polish - American mathematician , a geometer in particular and author of the famous book College Geometry - An Introduction to the Modern Geometry of the Triangle and the Circle .
Alberto Cobos Periañez is a Spanish paleontologist .
Graham Dorrington ( born in Chalfont St. Giles ) , is an English aeronautical engineer .
Fanny Pieroni - Davenport was an Italian painter , active mainly in Florence , mainly of portraits .
Gaston Briart was a Belgian geologist and mining engineer who worked and studied rock formations at Prince Léopold mine , Kipushi , Katanga , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Bachi Karkaria is an Indian journalist and columnist .
D. Yasodha is an Indian politician and four times Member of Legislative assembly .
James Thorington ( May 7 , 1816 - June 13 , 1887 ) was a frontiersman , lawyer , judge , and one - term U.S. Representative from Iowa 's 2nd congressional district .
Mariama Potts ( née Mariama Goodman ) is an English dancer and singer who has been a member of the bands Solid HarmoniE and the Honeyz .
Bruce Parkhill ( born June 16 , 1949 ) was a head college men 's basketball coach whose stops included William & Mary ( 1977 - -1983 ) and Penn State ( 1983 - -1995 ) .
Patricia Wentworth ( born Dora Amy Elles ; November 10 , 1878 -- January 28 , 1961 ) was a British crime fiction writer .
Carolyn Hurless ( November 24 , 1934 -- February 13 , 1987 ) was an American astronomer and an American Association of Variable Star Observers merit award winner .
In 1933 , Lütfi Kırdar took the post of an ophthalmologist at the State Hospital in Izmir .
Sir Leo Fernando was a Ceylonese businessman and politician .
David Stucke ( born April 9 , 1974 in Erie , Pennsylvania ) is a physics professor and poker player .
Colonel Fielding Hudson Garrison , MD ( November 5 , 1870 -- April 18 , 1935 ) was an acclaimed medical historian , bibliographer , and librarian of medicine .
Ismael Moreno Pino ( February 15 , 1927 -- August 15 , 2013 ) was a Mexican jurist , senior diplomat and author .
Marcus Whitman ( September 4 , 1802 -- November 29 , 1847 ) was an American physician and missionary in the Oregon Country .
Ali - Ollie Woodson ( September 12 , 1951 -- May 30 , 2010 ) was an American R&B singer , songwriter , keyboardist , drummer , and occasional actor who was best known for singing with The Temptations from 1984 to 1996 .
Justin Salter ( born August 6 , 1984 ) is an American musician , drummer , film composer , and record producer .
Francisco Mendes , nom de guerre Chico Té ( February 7 , 1939 -- July 7 , 1978 ) was a Guinea - Bissau politician .
Francisca Bazalo Gallego ( born May 5 , 1962 in Málaga ) is a Spanish wheelchair fencer .
Laurence Ballard is an American stage and screen actor , whose career has focused on regional theatre in the US .
Cindy Au Sin - yi began her entertainment career as a singer , and was famous for the theme song to the Cantonese version of the cartoon Chibi Maruko - chan .
Badia Masabni ( Arabic : بديعة مصابني‎ , born Wadiha Masabni Arabic : وديعة مصابني‎ ; 1892 - 1974 ) , was an actress and belly dancer born to a Lebanese father and a Syrian mother , best known for opening a series of influential clubs in Cairo from the 1920s onward .
Charles K. Feldman ( April 26 , 1905 -- May 25 , 1968 ) was a Hollywood attorney , film producer and talent agent .
Jay Curtis ( born 28 March 1986 ) is a Welsh broadcaster , columnist and actor .
Zsolt V. Németh ( born July 12 , 1963 ) is a Hungarian land surveyor and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Körmend ( Vas County Constituency V then III ) since 1998 .
Eftychios Vlahakis ( Greek : Ευτύχιος Βλαχάκης ; January 14 , 1935 -- April 6 , 2014 ) , known as Van Vlahakis , was an American entrepreneur of Greek origin , regarded as a pioneer of environment - friendly cleaning products .
Elkan Bauer was an Austrian composer and friend and contemporary of Johann Strauss II born in Nikolsburg , on April 4 , 1852 .
LiLana ( born 1985 ) is a Bulgarian singer and ex - TV host .
Mogaligundla Baga Reddy was an Indian politician who served as a Member of parliament for 4 terms and as a member of A.P Legislature for seven times .
Philip Riker , III ( born September 16 , 1946 ) is an American former competition swimmer .
N. Katravas ( Greek : Ν. Κατραβάς ) was a Greek swimmer .
Melissa Hauschildt ( née Rollison , born 13 April 1983 in Adelaide ) is an Australian professional triathlete and former middle distance runner , who specialised in steeplechase .
Fritz Eichenberg ( October 24 , 1901 -- November 30 , 1990 ) was a German - American illustrator and arts educator who worked primarily in wood engraving .
Maria Socorro Ledesma ( born March 16 , 1955 ) , better known as Kuh Ledesma , is a Filipino pop and jazz singer , actress , ( painter ) model and fashion designer .
Giusto di Alemagna ( or Justus d'Alemanno ) , a German painter , who practised at Genoa in the 15th century .
Dero Goi ( born April 16 , 1970 ) , is a German musician , poet , and writer .
Frances Rings is an Indigenous Australian dancer , choreographer and television presenter .
Dr. Elbert Dysart Botts ( January 2 , 1893 -- April 10 , 1962 ) was the California Department of Transportation ( Caltrans ) engineer credited with overseeing the research that led to the development of Botts ' dots and possibly the epoxy used to attach them to the road .
Daniel Brainard ( May 15 , 1812 -- October 10 , 1866 ) was a Chicago - based surgeon and founder of Rush Medical College .
Elmer Ambrose Sperry , Sr . ( October 12 , 1860 -- June 16 , 1930 ) was an American inventor and entrepreneur , most famous as co - inventor , with Herman Anschütz - Kaempfe of the gyrocompass .
Damon DiMarco ( born October 16 , 1971 ) , is a New York City author , actor , playwright , and historian .
Paul Rachman ( born in New York , New York , on September 13 , 1962 ) is an American film director who directed the highly praised 2006 documentary on punk music American Hardcore , which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and was released by Sony Pictures Classics .
Alicia Bridges ( born July 15 , 1953 ) is an American singer who co - wrote and performed her international hit `` I Love the Nightlife ( Disco ' Round ) '' in 1978 .
Yuri Foreman ( born August 5 , 1980 ) is an Israeli professional boxer and former WBA super welterweight champion .
Walter Bobbie ( born November 18 , 1945 ) is an American theatre director , choreographer , and occasional actor and dancer .
Hannspeter Winter ( born in Wels on August 22 , 1941 ; died in Vienna on November 8 , 2006 ) was an Austrian plasma physicist who did research on hollow atoms .
Hannah Wilke ( born Arlene Hannah Butter ; March 7 , 1940 -- January 28 , 1993 ) was an American painter , sculptor , photographer , video artist and performance artist .
Professor Edward Travers , played by Jack Watling , is a fictional anthropologist and explorer who appears in two serials of the BBC television series Doctor Who and a spin - off TV movie .
Sándor Kaló ( born March 16 , 1944 in Egyek ) is a Hungarian former handball player and coach .
S. Tharanga ( full name and details unknown ) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Singha Sports Club .
Bebe Zeva ( born May 7 , 1993 ) is the pseudonym of Rebeccah Hershkovitz , an American fashion blogger , model , and writer based in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Matt Brady ( born October 1 , 1965 ) is an American college basketball coach and the current men 's basketball coach at James Madison University .
Dan Deacon ( born August 28 , 1981 ) is an American composer and electronic musician based in Baltimore , Maryland .
Johan Henrich Berlin ( 1741 -- 1807 , Trondhjem ) was a Norwegian composer and organist .
Wendell P. Jones was a Canadian politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick and Mayor of Woodstock , New Brunswick .
Norberto Aroldi ( 1932 -- 1978 ) was an Argentine film actor , poet and screenwriter .
Taimak ( pronounced Tie - Mock ) Guarriello ( born June 27 , 1964 ) is a martial arts actor and stuntman , best known as Leroy Green in the 1985 martial arts film The Last Dragon .
Jonathan Yates is an American conductor of the Sarah Lawrence College , Yo - Yo Ma 's Silk Road Ensemble and a recipient of both Walter F. Naumburg 's Chamber Music Prize and American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers award .
George Park Fisher ( August 10 , 1827 - December 20 , 1909 ) was an American theologian and historian who was noted as a teacher and a prolific writer .
William Snider ( October 26 , 1845 -- March 1915 ) was a businessman and politician .
Vasiraju Prakasam is an Indian film critic , journalist and producer known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema , and has produced Tele - serials in Doordarshan .
Herbert Hoffmann ( December 19 , 1919 -- June 30 , 2010 ) was a tattoo artist and a photographer .
Jeremy Allison is a computer programmer known for his contributions to the free software community , notably to Samba , a re - implementation of SMB / CIFS networking protocol , released under the GNU General Public License .
Ishai Golan ( Hebrew : ישי גולן ; born on November 22 , 1973 ) is an Israeli film and television actor
Henry Machyn ( 1496/1498 -- 1563 ) was an English clothier and diarist in 16th century London .
Andy Karl ( born Andrew Cesewski ) is an American actor and singer , best known for performing in musical theatre .
Sunkara Venkata Adinarayana Rao ( born June 30 , 1939 ) is an Indian orthopaedic surgeon noted for his work with the poor and needy .
Steve Schalchlin ( born October 4 , 1953 ) is an American songwriter , actor and musician .
It was through Lord Ranelagh and the painter Frank Miles that I was first introduced to London society ...
Matt West is a choreographer and actor .
Drew Karpyshyn ( born July 28 , 1971 ) is a Canadian video game scenario writer , scriptwriter and novelist .
Davey Ray Moor is an England - based songwriter , singer , multi - instrumentalist , composer and producer .
John Goldston ( fl . 1397 ) , of Chichester , Sussex , was an English politician .
Maxim Kozlov is a Russian - born cellist who holds American citizenship and has held several principal cellist positions , including the Chamber Orchestra Kremlin , the South Dakota Symphony Orchestra , and has also occasionally served as principal cellist with various other orchestras .
William J. Cousins ( January 25 , 1924 -- July 31 , 2013 ) was an American sociologist who led international urban community development , taught sociology and race relations at several colleges , and wrote a number of books and articles on international community development .
Rohail Hyatt ( Urdu : روحیل حیات ) , is a Pakistani record producer , keyboardist , and composer .
Rob Woodard is a novelist , poet and painter who lives in Long Beach , California .
Danny Dayton ( born Daniel David Segall , November 20 , 1923 -- February 6 , 1999 ) was an American actor and television director .
Eddie Payne is an American college basketball coach and current head men 's basketball coach at the University of South Carolina Upstate .
Ted Casablanca ( born Bruce Wallace Bibby ; November 20 , 1960 ) is an American entertainment journalist and gossip columnist .
Thomas John Bentley ( May 3 , 1891 -- June 2 , 1983 ) was a Canadian politician , agrologist , farmer and organizer .
Rhys Bobridge , also known as Rhys , is an Australian pop singer , dancer and make - up artist based in Sydney , New South Wales .
Michael J. Wingfield is a South African botanist and pathologist .
Peter Lawson Jones is an African - American actor and politician of the Democratic party .
Dana Olsen is an American actor , film producer and screenwriter .
Faouze Barkati is a French music producer and songwriter working with Yanis Records France and credited for popularizing the kuduro music and dance in Europe worldwide .
Randy Parton ( born December 15 , 1953 ) is an American singer - songwriter , actor and businessman , best known as the brother of Dolly Parton and Stella Parton .
Didem Erol , also known as Dana Flynn is an Australian - born Turkish American actress , model , and TV host .
John Varoli is an American public relations practitioner , who worked as a journalist in Russia from 1997 to 2010 .
Aaron Sanders ( born April 16 , 1996 ) is an American actor , widely known for his roles as Morgan Corinthos in the soap - opera General Hospital and as Ethan in the movie No Greater Love .
Abraham Orellana ( born June 16 , 1989 ) , better known as his stage name AraabMuzik is an American record producer and disc jockey .
Yuni Shara is an Indonesian singer , she is the elder sister of singer Krisdayanti .
Timothy J. Anderson is a writer , classical singer , actor and composer .
Devon Lehr is an American television writer and screenwriter .
Sigurd Maseng ( born March 1 , 1894 - died April 20 , 1952 ) was a diplomat in the Norwegian Foreign Service .
John Michael Graham is an actor known for his role in the 1978 classic John Carpenter horror movie Halloween as Bob Simms , the boyfriend of P.J. Soles 's character .
Maha Hassan is a Syrian - Kurdish journalist and novelist .
Jill Rappaport ( born September 27 , 1964 ) is an American journalist , animal advocate , and author .
Francis Henry Maynard , known as Frank H. Maynard ( December 16 , 1853 -- March 28 , 1926 ) , was an old - time cowboy of the American West who claimed authorship of the revised version of the well - known ballad `` The Streets of Laredo '' .
T. F. Chen ( 陳錦芳 , Chen Tsing - fang ) , born June 2 , 1936 , is a painter , art historian , writer , and philosopher .
Ralph Sall is an American record producer , music supervisor , composer , songwriter , and screenwriter .
Carol Reardon is an American military historian with a concentration in Civil War and Vietnam eras .
Meenakshi Jain is an Indian political scientist and historian sympathetic to Hindu revivalism and Hindu nationalism .
Joan Kemp - Welch ( 1906 - -1999 ) was a British stage and film actress , who later went on to become a television director .
Nayef Rashed is a Middle - Eastern actor living in the United Kingdom .
Junes Ipaktschi ( born October 25 , 1940 in Tabriz , Iran ) is an Iranian - German organic chemist and professor of the Department of Organic Chemistry at the University of Giessen .
Mary Goldring OBE is a British business journalist and broadcaster .
Henry Fell ( fl . 1672 ) , was a Quaker missionary and writer .
Alexander Brattell is a British photographer best known for his abstract monochrome fine art prints which examine the role of visual perception in non - verbal thought .
Brad Michael Batory ( born January 16 , 1984 ) , known professionally as Indashio , is an international celebrity fashion designer , TV personality , entrepreneur , Humanitarian , and stylist .
Hamid Ullah Afsar was an eminent Indian Urdu poet and writer .
Dante Pazzanese ( December 31 , 1900 -- January 9 , 1975 ) was a noted Italian - Brazilian physician and cardiovascular surgeon of São Paulo , the founder of the Institute of Cardiology of the State of São Paulo , which now bears his name .
Olivio Sòzzi or Sozzi ( 1696 , Palermo -- 1765 , Spaccaforno ) was an Italian painter , active in Sicily during the Rococo period .
Justine Lumumba Kasule is a Ugandan educator and politician .
Toni Eggert is a German luger who has competed since 2008 .
William Bulkeley ( ca . 1500 - 1575/1576 ) , of Beaumaris , Anglesey , was a Welsh politician .
Rowby - John Rodriguez ( born 27 March 1994 ) is an Austrian darts player currently playing in the Professional Darts Corporation .
Ilana Avital ( Hebrew : אילנה אביטל‎ ; born February 18 , 1960 ) is an Israeli singer and actress .
Giles Reaves is a multi - instrumentalist sound artist and audio engineer who has composed albums of space music .
Paul Biondi , from Long Island , New York , USA , is a composer for television and guitar teacher .
Dena Landon , ( born November 18 , 1977 ) , is a children 's fiction fantasy writer , who wrote Shapeshifter 's Quest in 2005 .
Don Morrow ( born January 29 , 1927 ) is an American actor and announcer .
Puru Chibber is an Indian television actor best known for playing the role of Hameer Rizvi in Yash Raj Films 's crime drama Khotey Sikkey on Sony TV and Sachin Manav Deshmukh in television show Pavitra Rishta .
Mercedes de Acosta ( March 1 , 1893 -- May 9 , 1968 ) was an American poet , playwright , and novelist .
Corinne Gibbons , is an Australian singer - songwriter active in the global independent music scene .
Eric Fogel ( born July 8 , 1969 ) is an American director , writer , animator , producer , and voice actor who is best known as the creator of Celebrity Deathmatch .
Dusán Mukics ( Slovene : Dušan Mukič , born May 11 , 1981 ) is a Slovene reporter , journalist , musician , poet and translator .
Anthony Lun is a Hong Kong songwriter , arranger , musical director and singer who sings in Cantonese , Mandarin , Japanese and English .
Carol Wax ( born June 17 , 1953 ) is an American artist and author whom the New York Times called `` a virtuoso printmaker and art historian '' for her work in mezzotint and her writings on the history and technique of that medium .
Tony Fletcher ( born April 27 , 1964 ) is a music journalist best known for his biographies of drummer Keith Moon and the band R.E.M ..
Anastacia Lyn Newkirk ( born September 17 , 1968 ) is an American singer - songwriter , producer and former dancer .
Oreste Silvestri ( Pollone in Vercelli , September 5 , 1858 -- Milan , November 24 , 1936 ) was an Italian painter .
Claudia Lee ( born June 20 , 1996 ) is an American actress , singer and songwriter best known for her role as Magnolia Breeland on the CW comedy - drama , Hart of Dixie .
Sukumar Hansda is an Indian politician and the ex Minister for Paschimanchal Unnayan Affairs in the Government of West Bengal .
George Gaul ( September 22 , 1885 - October 6 , 1939 ) was an American stage actor in the first half of the 20th century .
Călin Gruia ( born Chiril Gurduz ; March 21 , 1915 -- July 9 , 1989 ) was a Romanian writer , author mainly of children 's fairy tales and poems .
Secundus the Silent ( 2nd century AD ) was a Cynic or Neopythagorean philosopher who lived in Athens in the early 2nd century , who had taken a vow of silence .
Barbro Holmberg ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈbarbroː ˈhɔlmˈbærj ) ; born April 7 , 1952 ) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician .
Joseph Kaven CBE is a Papua New Guinean physician who works at Nonga Base Hospital , Rabaul , East New Britain .
Dean Haglund ( born July 29 , 1965 ) is a Canadian actor , known for the role of Richard `` Ringo '' Langly , one of The Lone Gunmen on The X - Files .
Gopal Prasad Sinha is an Indian neurologist , politician and a member of the Institutional Ethical Committee of the Indian Council of Medical Research .
Nityalila Saulo , or plainly Nityalila , is an independent Filipino singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
Rudolf Buitendach ( or Rudolf B. ) is a South African born film director and editor .
Thomas Moigne ( by 1510 - 1537 ) , of Willingham , Lincolnshire , was an English politician , executed for his part in the Lincolnshire Rising .
Alma Joslyn Whiffen - Barksdale ( October 25 , 1916 -- July 5 , 1981 ) was a U.S. mycologist who discovered cycloheximide .
Visitacion Parado ( born July 2 , 1961 ) , better known by her screen name Tetchie Agbayani , is a Filipino movie and television actress , Mutya ng Pilipinas , psychology instructor and Playboy model .
Yisrael Mordecai Safeek ( i/ˈsɑːfɛk ˈɪzriːəl/ ) is an American physician , health care executive , and patient safety champion .
Harrison Tare Okiri ( born March 30 , 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Harrysong , is a Nigerian singer , songwriter and instrumentalist who rose to fame after his tribute song to Nelson Mandela won the `` Most Downloaded Callertune Award '' at The Headies 2013 .
Charlie Kemp is a British actor who is best remembered for playing the young character Max King in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale in 2005 .
Thomas Sterling North ( November 4 , 1906 -- December 21 , 1974 ) , who used Sterling North professionally , was an American writer .
Joe Louis Walker , also known as JLW ( born December 25 , 1949 ) is an American musician , best known as an electric blues guitarist , singer , songwriter and producer .
Juan Atilio Bramuglia ( January 1 , 1903 -- September 4 , 1962 ) was an Argentine labor lawyer who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs during the administration of President Juan Perón .
Craig Norris is a Canadian rock singer and radio personality .
Ilias Kanchan ( Bengali : ইলিয়াস কাঞ্চন ) is a Bangladeshi film actor who appeared in more than 300 films during the 1980s and 1990s .
Joana Hadjithomas ( Arabic : جوانا حاجي توما‎ ) is a Lebanese film director , screenwriter and producer .
Lavenia Padarath ( née Lavenia Wainiqolo ) is a former Fijian politician .
Shane McAnally ( born October 12 , 1974 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and record producer .
Michael Souther is a Canadian television director , producer and television writer .
Jimmy Velvit is an American rock and roll singer , who began his career in the 1960s .
Daniel Hesidence ( b. 1975 Akron , Ohio ) is an American painter who lives and works in Long Island City , New York .
Sonya Chervonsky ( born June 15 , 1983 in Moscow , Russian SFSR ) is an Australian judoka , who competed in the women 's extra - lightweight category .
Gennaro Papi ( December 21 , 1886 -- November 29 , 1941 ) was an Italian conductor known for his work in the field of opera .
Brent Key ( born August 1 , 1978 ) is an American college football coach and former player , currently the assistant head coach , offensive line coach , and recruiting coordinator of the UCF Knights .
Steve Blackman ( born September 28 , 1963 ) is an American martial artist and former professional wrestler .
Josip Novakovich ( Croatian : Novaković ) is a Croatian Canadian writer .
Tatiana DeMaria , is a British multi - instrumentalist , songwriter , singer and record producer .
Russ George is an American businessman and entrepreneur best known for founding the San Francisco based firm Planktos Inc. which claims to `` restore ecosystems and slow climate change '' .
Neville Brand ( born Lawrence Neville Brand ; August 13 , 1920 - -April 16 , 1992 ) was an American television and movie actor .
Anna May - Rychter ( 1864 -- 1955 ) was an early 20th century realist painter best remembered for her watercolors of the Holy Land .
Mitchell Whitmore ( born December 18 , 1989 ) is an American long track speed skater from Waukesha , Wisconsin .
Kaqusha Jashari ( Serbian : Каћуша Јашари/Kaćuša Jašari ; born 1945 ) , is a Kosovo Albanian politician and engineer by profession .
Ebony Alleyne is an English R&B and soul singer .
Micajah Coffin ( August 18 , 1734 -- May 25 , 1827 ) was an American mariner , trader in the whaling industry and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Tara Kirk ( born July 12 , 1982 ) is an American former competition swimmer and breaststroke specialist who is an Olympic silver medalist .
Mark Povinelli ( born August 9 , 1971 ) is an American stage , television , and movie actor who also does occasional stunt work .
Asad Ullah Khan Pathan is an Indian List A cricketer .
April Ferry ( born October 31 , 1932 ) is a costume designer .
Clayton Jones ( born June 1 , 1966 ) is an American editorial cartoonist based in Fredericksburg , Virginia .
Chris Schiller ( b. January 18 , 1977 in Rochester , New York ) is a lacrosse player for the Rochester Knighthawks in the National Lacrosse League .
Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek or Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek the elder ( September 25 , 1807 -- January 28 , 1868 ) was a 19th - century Dutch landscape painter .
Shery ( born August 18 , 1985 ) is a Guatemalan Latin pop singer and songwriter .
Marjorie Oelrichs Duchin ( June 23 , 1908 -- August 3 , 1937 ) , nicknamed `` Bubbles '' , was an American socialite .
Scott McCain ( born Jan 15 , 1958 , Woodland , California , United States ) is a former professional tennis player .
David Mendell is an American journalist who wrote for the Chicago Tribune until the summer of 2008 .
Baek Sung - hyun ( Hangul : 백성현 ; born January 30 , 1989 ) is a South Korean actor .
Bobby Gunn ( born December 25 , 1973 ) is a retired boxer from Ontario , Canada .
Thomas Sieverts ( born 1934 ) is a German architect and urban planner .
Win McCormack is an American publisher and editor from Oregon .
Ibn Abi Ramtha al - Tamimi ( Arabic : ابن أبي رمثة التميمي‎ ) , from Banu Tamim tribe , was a physician who lived during the lifetime of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Sir John Holland , 2nd Baronet ( ca . 1669 -- by July 1724 ) was a British politician .
Brad Peyton ( born May 27 , 1978 ) is a Canadian - born film director , writer and television producer .
Anushka Manchanda is an Indian singer , model , actress , an ex - Channel ( V ) -VJ and was a member of the Indian pop girl group Viva!.
Raminta Dvariškytė ( born February 1 , 1990 ) is a Lithuanian swimmer who specialized in breaststroke events .
Mahawaduge Dilruwan Kamalaneth Perera ( born July 22 , 1982 , Panadura ) , or Dilruwan Perera , is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer , who currently plays for Tests .
Allen McKenzie ( born January 1 , 1960 , Columbus , Ohio , USA ) is a rock musician .
Philip Deidesheimer was a mining engineer , active in the Western United States .
Dyer Brainerd Holmes ( May 24 , 1921 -- January 11 , 2013 ) , known professionally as D. Brainerd Holmes , was an American engineer and business executive .
Isaac Burns Murphy ( January 1 , 1861 - February 12 , 1896 ) was an African - American Hall of Fame jockey , who is considered one of the greatest riders in American Thoroughbred horse racing history .
Romano Kristoff was a Spanish - born B - movie actor , writer and director .
As a writer , Jim Goad has been called the `` poster boy for the transgressive school of writing . ''
Kirsten Broberg ( born April 16 , 1979 ) is an American composer from White Bear Lake , Minnesota .
José Cibrián ( February 25 , 1916 -- December 28 , 2002 ) , nicknamed Pepe , was an Argentine actor .
Gary Nodler ( born August 10 , 1950 ) is a Missouri politician who served as a Republican in the Missouri State Senate , where he chaired the Senate Appropriations Committee .
Judith Roche is a poet and the author of three collections of poetry .
Kendal Conrad ( born September 4 , 1991 ) is an American country music singer - songwriter and actress .
József Szakovics , Slovene Jožef Sakovič , German orthography Joseph Sakowitsch ( February 2 , 1874 -- September 22 , 1930 ) , was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest and author in the Prekmurje region ( then known in Hungarian as Vendvidék ) .
Berton Klaasen is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with Western Province in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup .
Benjamin Kidd ( 1858 - -1916 ) was a British sociologist whose first job was a civil service clerk , but who , by persistent self - education , became internationally famous by the publication of his book Social Evolution in 1894 .
Ron Stander ( born October 17 , 1944 ) is a former professional boxer .
Mark Lombardi ( March 23 , 1951 -- March 22 , 2000 ) was an American neo - conceptual artist who specialized in drawings that document alleged financial and political frauds by power brokers , and in general `` the uses and abuses of power '' .
Wesley Strick ( born February 11 , 1954 ) is an American screenwriter who has written such films as the comic - horror hit Arachnophobia , the Martin Scorsese remake of Cape Fear and the videogame adaptation Doom .
Sohail Khan ( born 20 December 1969 ) is an Indian film actor , director and producer who works predominantly in Hindi cinema .
Peter Schmidl ( born January 10 , 1942 ) is an Austrian clarinetist .
In Norse mythology , Domalde , Dómaldi or Dómaldr ( Old Norse possibly `` Power to Judge '' ) was a Swedish king of the House of Ynglings , cursed by his stepmother , according to Snorri Sturluson , with ósgæssa , `` ill - luck '' .
Dweezil Zappa ( born September 5 , 1969 ) is an American rock guitarist and occasional actor .
John Andrew Martin ( April 10 , 1868 -- December 23 , 1939 ) was an American journalist , attorney , soldier , and politician , who represented Colorado in the U.S. House of Representatives .
Harbans Lal Gupta was an Indian freedom fighter and Indian politician .
B.J. Crosby ( November 23 , 1952 -- March 27 , 2015 ) was an American jazz vocalist , singer , and actress .
Al Bertino ( July 15 , 1912 -- August 18 , 1996 ) , was an American animator best remembered for his work with the Walt Disney Company Born in California in 1912 , Bertino began work for Walt Disney in 1935 .
David Rovics ( born April 10 , 1967 ) is an American indie singer / songwriter and anarchist .
Grant Allford ( born 5 December 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1970s .
In 2001 Vyacheslav Butusov founded the U - Piter band with former Kino guitarist , Yuri Kasparyan .
Ignacio Ortiz is a Mexican painter and teacher noted for his depictions of women and his work in the development of the fine arts program at the Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León .
Paul Collaer ( June 8 , 1891 -- December 10 , 1989 ) was a Belgian musicologist , pianist , and conductor of Flemish background .
Trevor Metz ( born February 10 , 1972 ) is a Canadian journalist , documentary narrator , radio talk show host , and columnist .
Dwane Morrison is a retired American college basketball player and coach .
Fanene Leifi Pita Maivia ( April 6 , 1937 -- June 12 , 1982 ) , born Peter Fanene Anderson , was a Samoan professional wrestler better known as Peter Maivia .
Richmond Mayo - Smith ( February 9 , 1854 -- November 11 , 1901 ) was an American economist noted for his work in statistics .
Luigi Baccio del Bianco or Baccio del Bianco ( 31 October 1604 -- July 1657 ) was an Italian architect , engineer , scenic designer and painter .
Edward McWade ( January 14 , 1865 -- May 17 , 1943 ) was a writer , stage actor and an American film actor .
Rafe Furst is an entrepreneur , impact investor , writer , producer and poker player .
Lily Mazahery ( born October 10 , 1972 ) is a disbarred Iranian - American lawyer , formerly a human rights activist , and a source on Iran .
Besides the roles already mentioned of poet , historian , painter , illustrator , and anthropologist , Wendy Rose is also a teacher , researcher , consultant , editor , panelist , bibliographer , and advisor .
Herman Barron ( December 23 , 1909 -- June 11 , 1978 ) was an American professional golfer best known for being the first Jewish golfer to win a PGA Tour event .
Henk Wijngaard ( b. Stadskanaal , June 13 , 1946 ) is a Dutch country singer .
Thomas Lewinski ( abt . 1800 - -September 18 , 1882 ) was an architect in Kentucky .
Willi Schaeffers ( 1884 - -1962 ) was a German film actor and cabaret performer .
Nesta Carter OD ( born October 11 , 1985 ) is a Jamaican sprinter , who specializes in the 100 metres event .
Albert Frederick Macdonald ( June 13 , 1901 -- August 20 , 1976 ) was a railway employee , worked as a cashier and served as a Canadian federal politician .
Ravi Jhankal is an Indian television , stage and film actor , most known for working in Shyam Benegal 's film , including Welcome to Sajjanpur ( 2008 ) and Well Done Abba ( 2010 ) and for the role of P. V. Narasimha Rao in Pradhanmantri ( TV Series ) .
Marcos Orlando Letelier del Solar ( April 13 , 1932 -- September 21 , 1976 ) was a Chilean economist , Socialist politician and diplomat during the presidency of Salvador Allende .
Sucheta Dalal ( born 1962 ) is an award - winning business journalist and author .
As a stage and screen actor , Stacey Oristano graduated from College in London , England at Rose Bruford School of Speech and Drama .
Elliot Josephs , better known as Zebulon Dread , is a South African cultural icon ( or cultural terrorist , as he describes himself ) and writer .
Bruno Pizzul ( born March 8 , 1938 ) is an Italian journalist and a former professional football player .
The Mamaidev was a philosopher born in India in the 12th century .
Georg Norin was a Nazi pharmacist implicated in the genocidal killings at Auschwitz .
Charlie Hedley ( 1881 - -1942 ) was a pioneer Australian rugby league player .
Daniel Hauben ( born May 23 , 1956 , Bronx , NY ) is an American painter who grew up in the Bronx , and who often paints Bronx street scenes .
Dario Marianelli ( born June 21 , 1963 ) is an Italian composer of piano , orchestral , and film music .
Omari Ishmael Grandberry ( born November 12 , 1984 ) , better known as Omarion , is an American R&B singer , songwriter , dancer and actor .
Brett Lovett ( born 20 May 1966 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Želimir Žilnik ( Cyrillic : Желимир Жилник ; pronounced ( ʒɛ̌limiːr ʒîlniːk ) ) is a Serbian film director and one of the major figures of the Yugoslav Black Wave .
Gary Varvel is a political cartoonist for the Indianapolis Star .
Andre de Krayewski ( Polish : Andrzej Krajewski ) ( born June 20 , 1933 ) is an artist and Polish expatriate currently residing in Newark , New Jersey in the United States .
Jakob Kunz ( November 3 , 1874 -- July 18 , 1938 ) was an American physicist who pioneered the development and application of photoelectric cells .
Alan Ko , also known as Alan Kuo , is a Taiwanese singer and actor .
Jon Hassler ( March 30 , 1933 -- March 20 , 2008 ) was an American writer and teacher known for his novels about small - town life in Minnesota .
Sameer Rajda ( also called Sameer Razda ) is an Indian actor , mainly working in the Gujarati cinema .
Judith Rothman Rofé ( aka Judy Rothman Rofé ) is an American screenwriter , producer , lyricist and author specializing in comedy and literary adaptations for children .
Erskine Sanford ( November 19 , 1885 -- July 7 , 1969 ) was an American actor in films from the late 1930s .
Joseph Amos Milburn , Jr. ( April 1 , 1927 -- January 3 , 1980 ) was an American rhythm and blues singer and pianist , popular during the 1940s and 1950s .
Harry Magee Sparks III ( born September 25 , 1969 ) , known as Hal Sparks , is an American actor , comedian , musician and television personality .
Edward Ray Sharpe ( born February 8 , 1938 ) is an American R&B and rockabilly singer , guitarist , and songwriter .
Avraham Krinitzi ( Hebrew : אברהם קריניצי‎ ; December 26 , 1886 -- November 13 , 1969 ) was an Israeli politician who served as the first mayor of Ramat Gan between 1926 and 1969 .
His father , Eddie Heywood , Sr . was also a jazz musician from the 1920s and provided him with training from the age of 12 as an accompanist playing in the pit band in a vaudeville theater in Atlanta , occasionally accompanying singers such as Bessie Smith and Ethel Waters .
Marko Vego ( January 8 , 1907 -- February 26 , 1985 ) was a Herzegovinian , archeologist , epigrapher and historian .
Dee Shapiro is an American artist and writer associated with the Pattern and Decoration movement .
Monica Storrs ( February 12 , 1888 -- December 14 , 1967 ) was a British - born Canadian pioneer and missionary .
Karen Schmeer ( February 20 , 1970 -- January 29 , 2010 ) was a film editor who frequently collaborated with filmmaker Errol Morris .
William K. Howard ( June 16 , 1899 -- February 21 , 1954 ) was an American film director , writer , and producer .
Joseph George Megler ( March 10 , 1838 -- September 10 , 1915 ) , generally known as J.G. Megler , was a German - American salmon cannery owner and politician in Washington .
Roger Lowenstein ( born in 1954 ) is an American financial journalist and writer .
Judith Shulevitz is an American journalist , editor and culture critic .
David van Dantzig ( September 23 , 1900 -- July 22 , 1959 ) was a Dutch mathematician , well known for the construction in topology of the dyadic solenoid .
Kristin Thornton ( born 5 March 1988 ) is an Australian rules footballer .
Nancy Hodges ( October 28 , 1888 - December 15 , 1969 ) was a Canadian journalist , politician and Senator .
Tito Livio Frulovisi ( fl . 1430s - 1440s ) was a humanist scholar and author , who is best known for his biography of Henry V of England , the Vita Henrici Quinti .
Karl Schnabl ( born March 8 , 1954 in Achomitz , community Hohenthurn , Carinthia ) is an Austrian former ski jumper who competed during the 1970s .
Tim Rawle is an English architectural photographer and writer .
Traci Paige Johnson ( born April 21 , 1969 ) is an animator , television producer , and co - creator of the long - running Nickelodeon children 's television program Blue 's Clues .
Sherri Tenpenny is an American osteopathic physician and anti - vaccination activist from Ohio .
Ryan Mania is a Scottish / British National Hunt jockey from Galashiels , most famous for winning the 2013 Grand National on the Sue Smith - trained Auroras Encore , at starting odds of 66/1 .
Karl Kreil ( 1798 - -1862 ) was an Austrian meteorologist and astronomer , born in Ried .
John Edwin Luecke is an American mathematician who works in topology and knot theory .
Hamza Abu Faris ( Arabic : حمزة أبوفارس‎ ) , is a Libyan scholar and politician who was born in Msallata on 13 January 1946 .
Julie Murphy ( born 1961 ) is a Welsh singer who sings in Welsh and English .
Joseph Macmanus was appointed the new U.S. Ambassador to International Organizations in Vienna in 2012 , with 26 years experience as a diplomat behind him .
Oscar Hilt Tatum , Jr. ( born April 22 , 1934 ) is an American dentist notable for being the first clinician to perform a sinus lift procedure .
Mel Hankinson ( born January 10 , 1943 ) is a men 's basketball coach and author .
Reginald Mount ( 1906 - -1979 ) was a British graphic designer .
Allyn Ann McLerie ( born December 1 , 1926 ) is a Canadian - born , Brooklyn - reared actress , singer , and dancer who worked with many Golden - Age musical theatre 's major choreographers , including George Balanchine , Agnes de Mille , and Jerome Robbins .
Darren Reisig ( born March 23 , 1968 in Victoria , British Columbia ) is a former professional lacrosse player and was recently an assistant coach of the Victoria Shamrocks .
Izuru Takeuchi is a retired Japanese mixed martial artist who competed in the middleweight division .
Jean Vergnes ( November 29 , 1921 -- April 22 , 2010 ) was a prominent chef , a co - founder of the famed eatery Le Cirque in the borough of Manhattan in New York City , and an influence on American restaurant culture for more than four decades .
Jane Morgan ( born May 3 , 1924 ) is an American popular music singer .
Lida E. Harkins is a Massachusetts retired politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1989 - 2011 .
Tullio Lombardo ( c. 1455 -- November 17 , 1532 ) , also known as Tullio Solari , was an Italian Renaissance sculptor .
Ron Griggs is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico Senate representing District 34 since his December 11 , 2012 appointment by Governor of New Mexico Susana Martinez to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Vernon Asbill , having been elected to the seat in the November 6 , 2012 General election .
Georges Dor ( March 10 , 1931 -- July 24 , 2001 ) was a Québécois of romanian origin author , composer , playwright , singer , poet , translator , and theatrical producer and director .
James Domville ( November 29 , 1842 -- July 30 , 1921 ) was a Canadian businessman , militia officer and politician .
Marilyn Kaytor ( July 26 , 1929 -- October 20 , 2007 ) was an American journalist , editor and author internationally known for writing about cooking , style , and fashion .
Jacek Sempoliński ( March 27 , 1927 -- August 30 , 2012 ) was a Polish painter , draftsman , art professor , critic , and essayist .
Jackie Chavez ( born June 1 , 1983 in Albuquerque , New Mexico ) is an American former professional boxer in the Super Bantamweight division .
Harley Parker ( April 13 , 1915 -- March 3 , 1992 ) was a Canadian artist , designer , curator , professor and scholar - a frequent collaborator with fellow Canadian and communications theorist Marshall McLuhan .
Larry Klein ( born 1956 ) is an American musician , songwriter , record and soundtrack producer and head of Strange Cargo , an imprint with Universal Music Group .
Jeanne Robinson ( March 30 , 1948 -- May 30 , 2010 ) was an American - born Canadian choreographer , dancer , teacher and co - writer of three award - winning science - fiction novels , The Stardance Saga .
Aaron Elliott ( born May 20 , 1968 ) , better known as Aaron Cometbus , is an American drummer , lyricist , self - described `` punk anthropologist , '' novelist , and author of punk zine Cometbus .
Diana W. Bianchi is an American medical geneticist and neonatologist noted for her research on fetal cell microchimerism and prenatal testing .
Anjana Ahuja ( अंजना आहूजा ) is a British Indian science journalist and a former columnist for The Times .
Coosje van Bruggen ( June 6 , 1942 -- January 10 , 2009 ) was a sculptor , art historian , and critic .
Fritz Wendel ( February 21 , 1915 -- February 9 , 1975 ) was a German test pilot during the 1930s and 1940s .
Flip Simmons is an Australian actor and musician .
Kristin Armstrong ( born August 11 , 1973 ) is a professional road bicycle racer and two - time Olympic gold medalist , the winner of the women 's individual time trial in 2008 and 2012 .
Harry Landers ( born Harry Sorokin ; September 3 , 1921 ) is an American character actor .
Pooja Dhingra ( born 1986 ) is an Indian pastry chef and businesswoman .
K. Jeyakumar is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu .
Grady Booch ( born February 27 , 1955 ) is an American software engineer , best known for developing the Unified Modeling Language with Ivar Jacobson and James Rumbaugh .
Sheu Yu - jer ( Chinese : 許虞哲 ; pinyin : Xǔ Yúzhé ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Benjamin Irving Rouse ( August 29 , 1913 -- February 24 , 2006 ) was an American archaeologist on the faculty of Yale University best known for his work in the Greater and Lesser Antilles of the Caribbean , especially in Haiti .
George Tandy , Jr. is an American R&B - soul singer - songwriter .
Scott Shuster is a US broadcast journalist and a professional business and international policy event moderator and interviewer of C - suite and business unit executives at corporate events .
Palito ( born Reynaldo Alfredo R. Hipolito , September 4 , 1934 -- April 12 , 2010 ) was a veteran Filipino slapstick comedian and actor who was at the height of his career in the 1970s and 80s .
Thomas Luke Macfarlane ( born January 19 , 1980 ) , better known as Luke Macfarlane , is a Canadian actor and musician .
Julia Messenger is an Australian singer - songwriter and producer best known for her work in electronica and chill - out , although she has performed in a wide range of musical genres , including Jazz , rock , classical and blues .
Christoph Thomas Scheffler ( sometimes written Schäffler , December 20 , 1699 -- January 25 , 1756 ) was a German painter of the rococo period .
Bruce R. Korf is a medical geneticist , the director of the Heflin Center for Human Genetics and chairman of the Department of Genetics at the University of Alabama at Birmingham .
George Clifton Edwards , Jr. ( August 6 , 1914 -- April 8 , 1995 ) was a justice of the Michigan Supreme Court from 1956 until 1962 and judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit from 1963 to 1995 .
Erin Brown ( born Erin DeWright on October 16 , 1979 ) is an American film actress , filmmaker , model and musician .
James Leche ( born by 1518 - 54 ) of Newtown , Montgomeryshire , was a Welsh politician .
Wu Jia - qing ( simplified Chinese : 吴珈庆 ; traditional Chinese : 吳珈慶 ; pinyin : Wú Jiāqìng ; born February 9 , 1989 in Taiwan ) is a professional pool player .
Tito Rodríguez ( January 4 , 1923 -- February 28 , 1973 ) was a popular 1950s and 1960s Puerto Rican singer and bandleader .
In 2011 professor Dennis Cole , archaeologist Dan Warner and engineer Jim Parker from NOBTS , led another team in an attempt to finish the effort .
Lisa Mann is an American electric blues bassist , songwriter and singer .
Dharshini David is an English economist and broadcaster .
DiAnna Schimek ( born March 21 , 1940 ) is a politician from Nebraska who has served in the Nebraska Legislature and the Lincoln City Council .
Valentyn Sadovsky ( Ukrainian : Валентин Васильович Садовський ) was a politician , scientist , journalist , economist of Ukraine .
Arnold Skaaland ( January 21 , 1925 -- March 13 , 2007 ) was an American professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager .
Steven B. Jepson is an American opera singer , a baritone .
Peter Denz ( * born January 14 , 1940 , in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) is a German engineer , inventor , entrepreneur and Oscar winner .
Clay Aiken ( born Clayton Holmes Grissom ; November 30 , 1978 ) is an American singer , songwriter , television personality , actor , author , politician and activist .
Shamar Bailey is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Lightweight division .
John McLiam ( born John Williams ; January 24 , 1918 -- April 16 , 1994 ) was a character actor noted for his extensive work on film and television , and renowned for his skill at different accents .
Hieromonk Roman ( Russian : Иеромонах Роман , secular name Alexander Ivanovich Matyushin , Russian : Александр Иванович Матюшин ; born November 16 , 1954 , village Ryabchovsk , Trubchevsky District , Bryansk Oblast ) is a Russian poet , singer - songwriter and hieromonk of the Russian Orthodox Church .
Slavka Maneva ( Macedonian : Славка Манева ; February 2 , 1934 -- January 8 , 2010 ) was a Macedonian writer and poet .
Marion A. Trozzolo ( 1925 -- June 30 , 1992 ) was an innovator , inventor , entrepreneur , and professor of business at Rockhurst University in Kansas City , Missouri .
Cesare Siepi ( February 10 , 1923 -- July 5 , 2010 ) was an Italian opera singer , generally considered to have been one of the finest basses of the post - war period .
Milton C. Whitaker was a noted 20th - century chemist .
Ninad Kamat is an Indian Bollywood film actor .
Germaine Williams ( born December 9 , 1974 ) , better known by his stage name Canibus , is a Jamaican - American rapper , actor and member of The Hrsmn , Sharpshooterz , Cloak N Dagga , The Undergods , and one - half of T.H.E.M. Canibus rose to fame in the mid - nineties .
William Cowper Brann ( January 4 , 1855 -- April 1 , 1898 ) was an American journalist known as Brann the Iconoclast .
Malakai Yalimaiwai Tuiloa is a rugby league player for Milton Ulladulla his position is prop .
Tuvia Tzafir ( Hebrew : טוביה צפיר‎ ; born December 31 , 1945 ) is an Israeli actor and entertainer .
Kiatkamol Lata ( Thai : เกียรติกมล ล่าทา ) ( aka . Tui Thai : ตุ้ย ) ( born on May 7 , 1983 ) is a Thai singer , actor .
Valucha deCastro ( October 9 , 1930 -- February 12 , 2007 ) was a Brazilian - born singer , songwriter and artist .
Philip Proctor ( born July 28 , 1940 ) is an American actor , voice actor and a member of The Firesign Theatre .
Lance Taylor , known as OG Boo Dirty , is an American rapper from Memphis , Tennessee .
Sidney Leviss ( July 21 , 1917 - September 7 , 2007 ) was a Democratic politician and judge from Queens , New York City .
Justin Oakley is a bioethicist and moral philosopher .
Lee Arenberg ( born July 18 , 1962 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as Pintel , one of Captain Barbossa 's crew , in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series .
Adelbert Ames ( October 31 , 1835 -- April 13 , 1933 ) was an American sailor , soldier , and politician .
Theodore H. Schwartz ( born in New York City ) is an American medical scientist , academic physician and neurosurgeon .
James Lloyd ( born August 20 , 1977 ) , better known by his stage name Lil ' Cease , is an American rapper and member of hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A ..
Mungonzazal Janshindulam ( Mongolian : Янжиндуламын Мөнгөнцацал Yanjindulamyn Möngöntsatsal ; 1972 - -2007 ) , also known as `` Mungo '' , was a Mongolian pianist and music teacher who lived and taught up until her death in Düsseldorf and Dortmund , Germany .
Mohammad Nafees Iqbal Khan ( Bengali : মোহাম্মদ নাফিস ইকবাল খান ) ( born January 31 , 1985 , in Chittagong ) , better known as Nafees Iqbal , is a Bangladeshi cricketer .
Priti Rijal ( Nepali : प्रीति रिजाल ) , ( born December 25 , 1991 ) is a nationally ranked Nepali professional tennis player .
Benjamin Abdala Júnior ( born 1943 in Uchoa , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian writer , scholar , and literary critic .
Pistoleta ( Occitan : ( pistuˈlɛtɔ ) ; fl . 1185 - -1228 ) was a Provençal troubadour .
Steve Landesberg ( November 23 , 1936 -- December 20 , 2010 ) was an American actor , comedian , and voice actor known for his role as the erudite , unflappable police detective Arthur P. Dietrich on the ABC sitcom Barney Miller , for which he was nominated for three Emmy Awards .
Chandler Riggs ( born June 27 , 1999 ) is an American child actor , best known for his role as Carl Grimes on the The Walking Dead , an AMC television horror drama series ( 2010-present ) .
Serena Shim ( Arabic : سيرينا علي سحيم‎ , Serena Ali Suhaim ; October 10 , 1985 -- October 19 , 2014 ) was an American journalist for Press TV .
Stoney Burke ( January 17 , 1953 - ) is a California street performer and actor .
Nathaniel M. Minkoff ( February 14 , 1893 -- January 16 , 1984 ) was an American labor leader and politician from New York .
Dave Mazzoni ( born October 31 , 1979 ) is an American film director , producer , and screenwriter .
Walter Andreas Müller ( 3 September 1945 ) is a Swiss stage and film actor starring usually in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions .
Giovanni Vincenzo Forli ( Forlì del Sannio , c. 1580 -- c. 1625 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active in Naples .
Edmund O'Connor ( November 1848 near Mallow , County Cork , Ireland -- July 15 , 1898 , Binghamton , Broome County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Jordan Scott Gilbert is a Broadway / TV / film actor , singer , director , writer , and producer .
Virginia Healey Asher ( December 18 , 1869 -- February 2 , 1937 ) was a gospel singer and evangelist to women .
Hammad Husain ( born February 12 , 1970 ) is a Pakistani architect and writer , based in Islamabad .
Augustus Guy de Vaudricourt was a painter and lithographer active in the 1800s in France , the United States and Mexico , and is noted for his image contributions to the Report on the United States and Mexican Boundary Survey of 1848 - 1855 .
Sisir Kumar Ghosh ( 1840 - -1911 ) was a noted Indian journalist , founder of the Amrita Bazar Patrika , a noted Bengali language newspaper in 1868 and a freedom fighter from Bengal .
Chu Chin - peng ( Chinese : 朱景鵬 ; pinyin : Zhū Jǐngpéng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Robert M. Salter Jr. was an American engineer who worked for the RAND Corporation .
Edwin Othello Excell ( December 13 , 1851 -- June 10 , 1921 ) , commonly known as E. O. Excell , was a prominent American publisher , composer , song leader , and singer of music for church , Sunday school , and evangelistic meetings during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Hugh Berryman is a U.S. forensic anthropologist with areas of expertise in blunt force trauma , skeletal remains , and osteology .
Albert Au Shui Keung ( Chinese : 區瑞強 ) is a Hong Kong English pop and Cantopop singer - songwriter and DJ of RTHK .
Stephen Keim , SC is a Brisbane barrister who represented Indian - born doctor Mohamed Haneef in his application for judicial review of a decision to revoke his Australian visa .
Charles de Wolff ( 1932 - -2011 ) was a Dutch organist and conductor .
Catherine Popper ( born December 28 , 1973 ) is an American bass guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Chico Freeman ( born Earl Lavon Freeman Jr. ; July 17 , 1949 ) is a modern jazz tenor saxophonist and trumpeter and son of jazz saxophonist Von Freeman .
Jonathan Rabb ( born April 28 , 1964 ) is an American novelist , essayist , actor and writer .
Daniel Wycliffe Sargent ( born July 22 , 1850 , Birmingham , England . Died October 12 , 1902 , in Nigeria ) was an early explorer of Africa , Agent General of the British Government who signed treaties with many African chiefs which allowed the British to establish the Southern Nigeria Protectorate .
Betty Berzon ( January 18 , 1928 -- January 24 , 2006 ) was an American author and psychotherapist known for her work with the gay and lesbian communities .
Simon Watney is a British writer , art historian , and AIDS activist .
Claudio Castagnoli ( born December 27 , 1980 ) , better known by his ring name Cesaro ( shortened from Antonio Cesaro , used from 2012 to 2014 in WWE ) , is a Swiss professional wrestler who is currently signed to WWE , but is currently on hiatus due to injury .
Zilda de Carvalho Espíndola ( March 31 , 1904 -- January 8 , 1985 ) , professionally known as Aracy Cortes , was a Brazilian singer , dancer and actress .
Cynthia Moss ( born 1940 in Ossining , New York ) is an American conservationist , wildlife researcher and writer , who specializes in African elephant family structure , life cycle , and behavior .
James Blanding Sloan ( September 19 , 1886 -- October 5 , 1975 ) , also known as Blanding Sloan , was an American illustrator , engraver , set designer and painter .
Cliff Martinez ( born February 5 , 1954 ) is an American film score composer and former drummer known for his work with the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Captain Beefheart .
Lucius Aradius Valerius Proculus signo Populonius ( floruit 333 - -352 ) was a senator and a politician of the Roman Empire , twice praefectus urbi of Rome ( in 337 - -338 and in 351 - -352 ) and once consul ( in 340 ) .
Kareem Campbell ( born November 14 , 1973 in Harlem , New York ) is a professional skateboarder .
Medet Sadyrkulov ( Kyrgyz : Медет Садыркулов ; December 13 , 1953 - -March 13 , 2009 ) was a Kyrgyz politician and former chief of staff for presidents Askar Akayev and Kurmanbek Bakiyev .
Alexander Marshack ( April 4 , 1918 -- December 20 , 2004 ) was an American independent scholar and Paleolithic archaeologist .
Eliza Griswold ( born February 9 , 1973 ) is an American journalist and poet .
Bryson of Achaea ( or Bryson the Achaean ; Greek : Βρύσων , gen . : Βρύσωνος ; fl . 330 BCE ) was an ancient Greek philosopher .
Pavel Exner ( born March 30 , 1946 in Prague ) is a Czech mathematical physicist .
William Britton Baird ( August 15 , 1904 -- March 18 , 1987 ) , professional name Bil Baird , but often referred to as Bill Baird , was an American puppeteer of the mid- and late 20th century .
Abdul Ibrahim West , better known by his stage name AR - Ab ( also referred to as King Ab , Assault Rifle Ab , or simply Ab ) , is an American rapper from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Alice Aycock ( born November 20 , 1946 ) is an American sculptor and installation artist .
Brian Grellis ( born 1937 ) is a British actor , best known for his role in the television series Z - Cars as Det .
Tawn Mastrey ( August 20 , 1954 -- October 2 , 2007 ) was an American disc jockey , music video producer , one of rock radio 's top media personalities .
Silvia Rinka ( born July 27 , 1962 ) is an East German swimmer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Hovhannes Danielyan ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Դանիելյան , born April 11 , 1987 in Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian light flyweight amateur boxer .
Ulamila Kurai Wragg born 18 June 1968 is a Fijian journalist currently based in Rarotonga , Cook Islands .
Ian Bayley is a British computer scientist and quiz player who , despite his youth when compared with other leading players ( he was in his early thirties ) , won several medals in quizzing , both in singles and as a member of a team .
Kyle Sorensen ( born June 22 , 1986 ) is a Canadian lacrosse player who plays defense for the Washington Stealth of the National Lacrosse League and the Toronto Nationals of Major League Lacrosse .
Nikole Beckwith is a Massachusetts - born actress and playwright ; until 2006 Beckwith lived in Newburyport , Massachusetts where she was integral to the theater , music and art communities and in 2004 became the youngest recipient of The Johnson Award for excellence in and contributions to the arts in the Merrimack Valley .
George Pal ( born György Pál Marczincsak ; February 1 , 1908 -- May 2 , 1980 ) was a Hungarian animator and film producer , principally associated with the science fiction genre .
The Abbot of Tivoli ( Italian : Abate di Tivoli ) was an Italian poet of the thirteenth century .
Anna Mancuso ( born May 18 , 1971 ) is a Canadian former politician , lawyer , and businessperson .
Jan Zaor ( Zaur , Zaorowicz ) was a Polish baroque architect from Kraków who lived in the 17th century and was active from 1638 to 1676 .
Vittoria Bentivoglio was a singer in the 16th century Ferrarese court of Alfonso II d'Este and a member of the first period of the court 's concerto delle donne .
Andrew Culverwell is an English Contemporary Christian music artist and songwriter who recorded in the 1970s and 1980s .
Paul Q. Kolderie is a record producer , engineer , and mixer .
Michael Shawn Crahan ( born September 24 , 1969 ) , more commonly known by his stage persona `` Clown '' , is an American musician , music producer , and artist .
Birgit Peter ( born January 27 , 1964 ) is a German rower , and Olympic gold and bronze medalist .
Hale Smith ( June 29 , 1925 -- November 24 , 2009 ) was an American composer , pianist , educator , arranger , and editor .
Margot Lovejoy is a digital artist and historian of art and technology .
Issachar ben Mordecai ibn Susan ( fl . 1539 - -1572 ) ( Hebrew : יששכר בן מרדכי אבן שושן ) was a Jewish mathematician , living in Ottoman Palestine .
Christopher Clark Burckle , Jr. ( born February 23 , 1988 ) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in breaststroke and medley events .
Bill Kuisle ( born January 11 , 1958 ) is a Republican politician and farmer from Minnesota .
Joby Warrick ( born August 4 , 1960 ) is an American journalist who won a Pulitzer Prize .
Ibtisam Lutfi ( Arabic : ابتسام لطفي‎ ) is a blind Saudi singer .
Susan Finsen is an American philosopher , currently professor emeritus of philosophy and former chair of the department at California State University , San Bernardino .
Lauded by many as `` the most lonesome singer - poet '' , Zhang Chu has remained a prominent figure on Chinese rock scene despite not releasing a new album since 1997 .
Frederik Wilmann ( born 17 July 1985 in Viggja ) is a Norwegian professional road bicycle racer for team Christina Watches - Dana .
Emory Parnell ( December 29 , 1892 -- June 22 , 1979 ) was an American vaudevillian and actor who appeared in over 250 films in his 36-year career .
John Gillies Rennie ( November 14 , 1904 -- February 13 , 1952 ) was a Quebec politician and educator and a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1947 until his death in office .
Andranik Madadian ( Persian : آندرانیک مددیان‎‎ , Armenian : Անդրանիկ Մադադյան ) , better known by his stage name , Andy ( Persian : اندی‎‎ , Armenian : Անդի ; born 1958 ) is a famous Armenian - Iranian singer - songwriter and actor .
Rudolf Ehlers ( March 30 , 1834 -- August 7 , 1908 ) was a German theologian and clergyman born in Hamburg .
Hrólfr Kraki , Hroðulf , Rolfo , Roluo , Rolf Krage ( early 6th century ) was a legendary Danish king who appears in both Anglo - Saxon and Scandinavian tradition .
Alice Inoue is an astrologer , feng shui expert , author , and life coach from Hawaii .
The Herbert Olivecrona Award , also known as the `` Nobel Prize of Neurosurgery '' , is awarded annually by the Karolinska Institute to a neurosurgeon or neuroscientist who has made an outstanding contribution to the neurosurgical field .
John Newland ( November 23 , 1917 -- January 10 , 2000 ) was an American director , actor , television producer , and screenwriter .
Miguel Sidrauski ( October 12 , 1939 -- September 1 , 1968 ) was an Argentine economist who made important contributions to the theory of economic growth by developing a modified version of the Ramsey--
Abram Henson Meadows ( March 10 , 1859 -- December 9 , 1932 ) , also known as Charlie Meadows and Arizona Charlie , was an American showman and sharpshooter , and a contemporary of `` Buffalo Bill '' Cody whose Wild West Show inspired Meadows to pursue his own performing career .
Nicholas Amer , born Thomas Harold Amer ( 29 September 1923 ) in Tranmere , Birkenhead , Cheshire , is an English stage , film and television actor known for his performances in William Shakespeare 's plays .
Antal Kagerbauer ( July 5 , 1814 in Abrudbánya -- October 8 , 1872 in Torda ) was a Hungarian architect who worked in Cluj during the mid - nineteenth century .
Siva Prakasar ( also Ṣiva Prakāṣa or sometimes Ṣiva - prakāṣa Dēṣikar ) , was a Tamil ( துறைமங்கலம் சிவப்பிரகாசர் , கற்பனைக்களஞ்சியம் ) poet and philosopher lived during the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
Onesicritus ( Greek : Ὀνησίκριτος ; c. 360 BC -- c. 290 BC ) , a Greek historical writer , who accompanied Alexander on his campaigns in Asia .
Decimus Laberius ( c. 105 BC -- 43 BC ) was a Roman eques and writer of mimes ( farces ) .
William Francis James , more often known as W. Frank James , ( May 23 , 1873 -- November 17 , 1945 ) was a soldier and politician from the U.S. state of Michigan .
Rina Mor - Goder ( Hebrew : רינה מור‎ ; born Rina Messinger ; February 16 , 1956 ) is an Israeli lawyer , writer and beauty queen who won Miss Universe 1976 .
José Antonio Abreu Anselmi ( born May 7 , 1939 ) is a Venezuelan orchestra conductor , pianist , economist , educator , activist , and politician .
Oscar Ahnfelt ( 1813 - -1882 ) was a Swedish singer , composer and music publisher .
Terry Louise Fisher ( born February 21 , 1946 ) is an American television producer , screenwriter and novelist .
Gunnar Bovim ( born 2 February 1960 ) is a Norwegian physician and civil servant , and the current rector at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology .
Jineth Bedoya Lima ( born c. 1974 ) is a Colombian journalist who was abducted in May 2000 and August 2003 .
Fatma Şahin ( born 20 June 1966 in Gaziantep ) is a Turkish chemical engineer and politician .
Merritt Roe Smith ( 1940 ) is an American historian .
George McClellan Sebree III ( August 26 , 1932 -- March 7 , 2010 ) , better known as Mac Sebree , was an American journalist , writer and publisher whose area of expertise was urban mass transit , particularly urban rail transit .
Katt Hernandez ( born May 16 , 1974 ) is a violinist living in Stockholm , Sweden with strong connection to Boston , Massachusetts , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and Baltimore , Maryland .
Delroy Chuck is a Jamaican lawyer , journalist and politician .
Murali Sharma is an Indian film actor known for his works predominantly in Bollywood , Telugu cinema , and Television .
Mandy Niklaus ( born 1 March 1956 ) is a fencer , who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin / Sportvereinigung ( SV ) Dynamo during her career .
Martin Bresnick ( born 1946 ) is a composer of contemporary classical music , film scores and experimental music .
Ed Brubaker ( born November 17 , 1966 ) is an American comic book writer and cartoonist .
Josep Pons Rosell ( September 20 , 1918 - July 28 , 2013 ) is an anthropologist and professor at the Anthropology Department of the Biology Faculty of the University of Barcelona ( UB ) from 1973 to his retirement .
Lawrence Arnell is a rapper and singer from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Nina Rocheva born Nina Selyunina ( Russian : Нина Рочева ) ( born October 13 , 1948 ) was a former Soviet cross - country skier who competed from 1978 to 1980 .
Skip Frye ( b. Harry Richard Frye , September 7 , 1941 in San Diego , California ) is a surfer , surfboard designer and shaper , and environmental activist .
Steven Molony ( born March 16 , 1988 ) is an American actor , screenwriter , and film producer .
Tim DeBoom ( born November 4 , 1970 ) in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , is a professional triathlete from Boulder , Colorado .
Mythology and archeology are the foremost concerns of the painter Emilio Cruz .
Emanuel Gat is an Israeli choreographer of contemporary dance .
lansana Sheriff ( born on August 28 , 1966 in Daru , Kailahun District , Sierra Leone ) popularly known by his stage name Steady Bongo , is an internationally recognized Sierra Leonean musician and record producer .
Matt Moniz is an American mountaineer and speaker noted for his ascents of 8,000 meter peaks and several of the Seven Summits .
Brian McKnight ( born June 5 , 1969 ) is an American R&B singer - songwriter , arranger , producer , and musician .
Stephen Christian is an American singer and songwriter best known as the former lead vocalist of the alternative rock band Anberlin , as well as the vocalist of his acoustic side - project Anchor & Braille .
Jake Ward is a Filipino international rugby union player of New Zealand descent playing for Clifton RFC .
Denis Pitts ( January 6 , 1930 -- April 19 , 1994 ) journalist , film - maker and novelist .
Spiro Ksera ( Albanian : Spiro Ksera , Greek : Σπύρος Ξέρας , Spyros Xeras ) is an Albanian politician .
Rob Stefaniuk is a Canadian comedian , actor and writer who has worked in numerous television shows and films as both guest actor and series regular .
Mariam Najjemba Mbabaali , formerly known as Rosemary Najjemba Muyinda is a Ugandan politician .
Michael McClure ( born October 20 , 1932 ) is an American poet , playwright , songwriter , and novelist .
Hossein Amini ( Persian : حسین امینی‎‎ ; born January 18 , 1966 ) is an Iranian - British screenwriter and film director .
Joshua Clottey ( born October 6 , 1977 ) is a Ghanaian professional boxer and former IBF welterweight champion .
Alexander Nathan Skolnick ( born September 29 , 1968 ) , is an American metal and jazz guitarist who is the lead guitarist of the Bay Area thrash metal band Testament , and heads the jazz band Alex Skolnick Trio .
Patricia Louise Holt - Edwards ( born May 24 , 1944 ) better known under the stage name Patti LaBelle , is an American singer , author , and actress .
Claude Galopin is a French automotive engineer who currently works for Pescarolo Sport .
Karim Wagih is an Egyptian sport shooter who competes in the men 's 10 metre air pistol .
Hayford Akrofi was a Ghanian political activist and architect .
Ryan McPartlin ( born July 3 , 1975 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Devon `` Captain Awesome '' Woodcomb on the NBC action - comedy series Chuck .
Scott Berry is an American college baseball coach , And serves as head coach of the Southern Miss Golden Eagles baseball team .
Ferdinand Gottlieb ( October 5 , 1919 in Berlin , Germany -- October 27 , 2007 , in Dobbs Ferry , New York ) was a New York - based architect .
Michael Jenkins Moynihan ( born 17 January 1969 ) is an American journalist , publisher , and musician .
Ruth Barcan Marcus ( August 2 , 1921 -- February 19 , 2012 ) was an American philosopher and logician who developed the Barcan formula .
Rocky Marciano ( born Rocco Francis Marchegiano ; September 1 , 1923 -- August 31 , 1969 ) was an American professional boxer who held the world heavyweight title from September 23 , 1952 to April 27 , 1956 .
Juan de Espinosa , ( active 1628 and 1659 ) , Spanish Baroque painter specializing in still life painting .
Dr. Klaus Scharioth ( born October 8 , 1946 ) is a German diplomat .
John de Crannach ( c. 1386 -- 1453/1454 ) was a 15th - century Scottish scholar , diplomat and prelate .
France Joli ( born February 2 , 1963 ) is a Canadian singer , best known for the disco classic `` Come to Me . ''
Yen Chiu - lai ( Chinese : 顏秋來 ; pinyin : Yán Qiūlái ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Arthur C. Cope ( 1909 - 1966 ) was a highly successful and influential organic chemist and member of the National Academy of Sciences .
Frank Egan was a rugby league player in Australian leading competition - the New South Wales Rugby League .
David Ceperley is a theoretical physicist in the physics department at the University of Illinois Urbana - Champaign or UIUC .
Amuka is the stage name used by singer / songwriter Sheila Brody .
Badrul Hisham Shaharin ( born 23 September 1978 ) or better known as Chegubard is a Malaysian activist and politician from Parti Keadilan Rakyat in the Pakatan Rakyat coalition .
Joseph Jason Namakaeha Momoa ( born August 1 , 1979 ) , better known as Jason Momoa , is an American actor , model , director , writer , and producer .
Patrick Mameli ( born November 23 , 1966 ) is a Dutch death metal singer and guitarist who is best known for his work with technical death metal band Pestilence .
Bartolommeo Torre was an Italian fresco painter of Arezzo , who active c. the beginning of the 17th century , and died young .
Terry Fogerty was married to Cheryl , they had children ; the boxer , rugby league player and actor Adam Fogerty , and the basketball player , and rugby league player Jason Fogerty .
Chad Hundeby is an American long distance swimmer .
Brian Doyle - Murray ( born Brian Murray , October 31 , 1945 ) is an American comedian , screenwriter , actor and voice actor .
Dr. Lisa Klein is an American author known for her Shakesperean works including Ophelia and Lady Macbeth 's Daughter .
Ruth Paley is an English historian and author .
Nitsana Darshan - Leitner is an Israeli attorney , human rights activist and the founder of Shurat HaDin Israeli Law Center .
Juan Benavides Hermosilla ( born June 25 , 1975 in Madrid ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Spain , who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1996 .
Margaret Morse Nice ( December 6 , 1883 -- June 26 , 1974 ) was an American ornithologist who made an extensive study of the life history of the song sparrow and was author of Studies in the Life History of the Song Sparrow ( 1937 ) .
Gus Gaches is a tenor singer for the Southern Gospel quartet Legacy Five .
Edie Adams ( April 16 , 1927 -- October 15 , 2008 ) was an American businesswoman , singer , Broadway , television and film actress , and comedienne .
Jean Gery ( before 1638 -- 1690 ? ) ( also spelled Jean Jarry , Yan Jarri or Jean Henri ) was a French explorer and a deserter from the La Salle expedition of 1685 .
Gregorio Mariani ( Ascoli Piceno , August 24 , 1833 -- Rome , January 23 , 1902 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre and costume genre subjects in oil and watercolor , in addition to portraits .
Ronnie del Carmen ( born December 31 , 1959 ) is a Filipino animation film director , writer , story artist , story supervisor and production designer .
Annie Warburton Goodrich ( February 6 , 1866 -- December 31 , 1954 ) was an American nurse and academic .
Muhammad Qasim Khan Suri is a Pakistani politician who presides over the Baluchistan chapter of Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf .
He played the role of a toll booth worker who pretended to be the famous singer / musician Rick Springfield in an attempt to impress women .
Sardar Ghulam Muhammad Khan Mahar ( Urdu : سردار غلام محمد خان مهر ) was chief of the Mahar tribe , besides this he was a prominent politician and philinthropist of the Sukkur District .
Clarence Elvin Feltner , Jr , ( August 29 , 1929 -- May 31 , 2013 ) was an American film producer , television broadcaster and telecommunications entrepreneur .
Jane Wade ( also known as Holman ) ( born c1966 ) is a Tyneside multi - talented singer / actress from Newcastle .
Xenophon of Ephesus ( Greek : Ξενοφῶν ; fl . 2nd century -- 3rd century AD ) was a Greek writer .
Wendy Orr is a Canadian - born Australian writer born in Edmonton , Alberta .
Halldórr ókristni ( The Unchristian ) was a Norse skald , active around the year 1000 .
Brian D'Amato is an American author and sculptor .
Joe Pass ( born Joseph Anthony Jacobi Passalacqua , January 13 , 1929 -- May 23 , 1994 ) was an American virtuoso jazz guitarist of Sicilian descent .
Alberto Nelson `` Al Hurricane '' Sanchez ( born July 10 , 1936 ) is an American singer - songwriter , dubbed `` The Godfather '' of New Mexico music .
Huang Zhizhong , ( simplified Chinese : 黄志忠 ; traditional Chinese : 黃志忠 ; pinyin : Hǘang Zhìzhōng ) born 5 March 1969 in Tientsin , China is a Chinese actor .
Maria Cantemir ( 1700 - -1754 ) was a Romanian noblewoman , a lady in waiting and salonist , and a mistress of Peter the Great .
Stephen Busby FRS is a British biochemist , and professor at the University of Birmingham .
Damian Loeb ( born 1970 ) is an American painter and photographer .
Josh Sampo ( born July 24 , 1984 ) is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in Ultimate Fighting Championship 's flyweight division .
Martin Bernheimer ( born September 28 , 1936 , in Munich , Germany ) is an American music critic .
Kayrat Tuntekov ( Kaz : Қайрат Түнтеков ) ( born February 14 , 1986 in Shymkent , Kazakh SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Kazakh singer who rose to popularity after winning SuperStar KZ 2 , the Kazakh version of Pop Idol , shown by Perviy Kanal Evraziya .
V. Gowthaman ( Tamil : வ. கவுதமன் ) is a Tamil film director and actor .
Christian L. Poorman ( October 28 , 1825 -- March 6 , 1912 ) was a United States politician in the Ohio House of Representatives and Ohio Secretary of State from 1892 - 1893 .
Jenna Mattison is an American actress , screenwriter and producer .
John Byner ( born June 28 , 1937 ) is an American actor , comedian , and impressionist who has had a lengthy television and movie career .
Janet Blair ( April 23 , 1921 -- February 19 , 2007 ) was a big band singer who went on to become a popular American film and television actress .
Philip Lindholm ( 10 December ) is an American singer - songwriter , filmmaker , and academic from Seattle , Washington .
Maurizio Bevilacqua , PC , BA ( born June 1 , 1960 ) is a Canadian politician and mayor of Vaughan , Ontario .
Cory Bowles ( born August 27 , 1973 ) is a Canadian actor , director and choreographer .
Molcie Lou Halsell Rodenberger ( September 21 , 1926 -- April 9 , 2009 ) was a Texas author , educator , professor , and journalist .
Norah McCarthy was a Canadian figure skater who competed in single skating winning the 1940 national title , and pair skating .
Felix Cane ( born 9 December 1984 ) is an Australian professional dancer and world champion pole dancer .
Yusuf Cassim is a South African Democratic Alliance politician and Member of Parliament .
Miloš Korolija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Королија ) , ( November 21 , 1981 ) is a Serbian water polo player .
Naomi Schaefer Riley is an American journalist , syndicated columnist , lecturer , non - fiction writer , editor , and blogger , for , among other news outlets , The New York Post .
Garvin Thomas Snell , known professionally by his screen name Garvin Thomas is a television journalist currently with NBC Bay Area , KNTV , in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Raoul Pantin ( June 5 , 1943 -- January 15 , 2015 ) was a Trinidadian journalist , editor , poet and playwright .
Pietro Taglia ( fl . second half of the 16th century ) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance , active in Milan , known for his madrigals .
Sainkho Namtchylak ( born 1957 ) is a singer originally from Tuva , an autonomous republic in the Russian Federation just north of Mongolia .
James Boiling ( born April 8 , 1968 ) was an Indian - born English cricketer .
Robert A. Zarnoch ( born September 19 , 1945 ) is an American lawyer and jurist .
Robert Malone Bugg was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee 's 7th congressional district .
Scott Bradlee ( born September 19 , 1981 ) is an American musician , pianist , composer , and arranger .
Mary Ellen Rudin ( December 7 , 1924 -- March 18 , 2013 ) was an American mathematician known for her work in set - theoretic topology .
Jerry Mitchell is an American theatre director and choreographer .
Bill Roorbach ( born August , 1953 Chicago , Illinois ) is an American novelist , short story and nature writer , memoirist , journalist , blogger and critic .
Sarah Chen is a Taiwanese singer who became famous during the late-1980s and early-1990s .
Keren Mor ( Hebrew : קרן מור ; born December 30 , 1964 ) is an Israeli actress and comedian .
Ross Powers ( born February 10 , 1979 ) , is an American world champion halfpipe snowboarder from South Londonderry , Vermont .
Slavko Mijušković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Славко Мијушковић , June 28 , 1912 -- December 15 , 1989 ) was a Yugoslav historian , who studied the history of Montenegro and especially the Bay of Kotor .
Samad Seyidov Ismayil oglu ( Azerbaijani : Səməd Seyidov İsmayıl oğlu ; born on January 18 , 1964 ) is a professor and an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Member of National Assembly of Azerbaijan from the 36th Khatai electoral district .
Pisut Praesangeam ( Thai : พิสุทธิ์ แพร่แสงเอี่ยม , also Pisuth Praesaeng - Iam ) is a Thai actor , film director , film producer and screenwriter .
Jacqueline Royer ( 1884 -- 19 ? ? ) was a French opera singer who sang leading contralto and mezzo - soprano roles at the Opéra de Paris , London 's Royal Opera House , the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires , and the Opéra de Monte - Carlo .
Zdenko Hans Skraup ( March 3 , 1850 -- September 10 , 1910 ) was a Czech - Austrian chemist who discovered the Skraup reaction , the first quinoline synthesis .
Marjan Pejoski ( Macedonian : Марјан Пејоски ) is a Macedonian fashion designer who lives and works in the UK .
Roland van Benthem ( born February 24 , 1968 in Emmeloord ) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant .
Louis Chaudet was an American film director of the silent movie era .
Robert Hegyes ( pronounced Hedges ; May 7 , 1951 -- January 26 , 2012 ) was an American actor best known for his portrayal of high school student Juan Epstein on the 1970s American sitcom Welcome Back , Kotter and as detective Manny Esposito on the 1980s American crime drama Cagney & Lacey .
Tim Uppal , PC ( born November 14 , 1974 ) is a Canadian politician , banker , and radio host .
Jane Fulton Alt ( born May 26 , 1951 ) is an American photographer who explores issues of love , loss , and spirituality in her work .
Anne Windfohr Marion is an American rancher , horse breeder , business executive , philanthropist and art collector from Fort Worth , Texas .
Thomas Corwin Mendenhall ( October 4 , 1841 -- March 23 , 1924 ) was an American autodidact physicist and meteorologist .
Raseen Mohammed Imam is a Sri Lankan politician and former Member of Parliament .
Cleverdicks is a game show that originally aired on Sky Atlantic , hosted by Ann Widdecombe , now shown on Challenge .
Then Came Bronson is an American adventure / drama television series starring Michael Parks that aired on NBC from 1969 to 1970 , and was produced by MGM Television .
News Café is a now - defunct public affairs program produced by 9News and broadcast by 9TV ( formerly Solar News Channel ) from November 30 , 2012 until March 12 , 2015 .
Don Matteo is an Italian television series that has been airing since 2000 on the premier channel of Italian national television , Rai 1 .
Time Team Digs is a British television series that aired on Channel 4 in 2002 .
Mulligrubs was an Australian television series that aired on Network Ten from 3 October 1988 to 27 December 1996 .
Inside Politics is a television current news program on CNN .
Bad Robots is a British television prank show on E4 .
Ego Trip 's Miss Rap Supreme is an American reality television series that airs on the VH1 cable network .
The Nine Lives of Chloe King is an American fantasy drama television series which premiered on ABC Family on June 14 , 2011 , and ended on August 16 , 2011 .
Hulk Hogan 's Rock ' n ' Wrestling is an American animated television series that originally aired on CBS Saturday mornings from September 14 , 1985 to December 6 , 1986 , with reruns airing until June 27 , 1987 .
10vor10 ( literally `` 9.50 pm '' ) is the title of a current affairs show on German - speaking Swiss public television channel SRF 1 .
My Gym Partner 's a Monkey is an American animated television series that was created by Tim Cahill and Julie McNally - Cahill and produced by Cartoon Network Studios .
To Nisi ( Greek : Το Νησί ; English : The Island ) is a Greek television series based on the best - selling English novel The Island by Victoria Hislop airing on Mega Channel .
T - Bag is a witch - like character who appears in a television series that ran from 1985 to 1992 on Children 's ITV .
The Mysti Show was a British children 's television programme , produced by Mystical Productions for the BBC in 2004 - 2005 .
Flop Show is an Indian television sitcom that first aired on Doordarshan in 1989 .
24 Hours in the Past was a BBC One living history TV series first broadcast in 2015 .
See It Now was an American newsmagazine and documentary series broadcast by CBS from 1951 to 1958 .
Pair of Kings is an American television sitcom shown on the cable channel Disney XD .
Big Love is an American television drama that aired on HBO between March 2006 and March 2011 .
South of Sunset is an American TV detective series , starring musician / actor Glenn Frey , that only aired one episode on CBS in 1993 .
Dash Dolls is an American reality television series that premiered on the E ! cable network , on September 20 , 2015 .
Football Huddle was a Canadian sports talk show television series which aired on CBC Television in 1960 .
Kurt Vonnegut 's Monkey House is a Canadian television anthology series which aired on the Showtime network from 1991 to 1993 .
¡ Qué buena se puso Lola ! , it is a Venezuelan telenovela produced and broadcast by RCTV .
Gemini Man is an American action / adventure drama series that aired on NBC in 1976 .
The Paul Winchell Show , or The Paul Winchell and Jerry Mahoney Show , or The Spiedel Show , was a variety program which aired on NBC prime time from 1950 to 1954 , starring ventriloquist Paul Winchell and his dummy , Jerry Mahoney .
Kareena Kareena was a Zee TV comedy serial that aired from September 1 , 2004 to 17 October 2005 .
True Crime with Aphrodite Jones is an American documentary television series airing on Investigation Discovery , hosted by Aphrodite Jones .
Face the Nation is an American Sunday morning political interview show broadcast on the CBS television network .
Tough Cookies is a comedy television series that aired on CBS in 1986 ; six episodes were broadcast .
Special Unit 2 is an American sci - fi / comedy television series , filmed in Vancouver , BC that aired on UPN for two seasons from April 2001 through February 2002 .
New Zealand 's Top 100 History Makers was a weekly television programme first shown on Prime Television New Zealand on 6 October 2005 .
The Sunday Comics is a prime time showcase of comedy broadcast in the United States by Fox Broadcasting Company in 1991 and 1992 .
Grill Me is a USA Network game show that aired its pilot ( and only episode ) on September 9 , 1996 .
Buku Harian Nayla ( Nayla 's Diary ) is an Indonesian Christian television drama which aired on RCTI .
The Chevrolet Tele - Theatre is an American anthology series that aired live on NBC Mondays at 8 pm EST from September 27 , 1948 to June 26 , 1950 .
Broken News is a comedy programme shown on BBC Two in late 2005 .
Dhani Tackles the Globe was an American documentary television series hosted by NFL linebacker Dhani Jones of the Cincinnati Bengals , currently airing on the Travel Channel ; the series followed Jones around the globe as he learned how to play international sports and simultaneously explored the culture of each location .
The Voice of Vietnam ( Vietnamese : Giọng hát Việt ) is a reality television singing competition created by John de Mol . It is scheduled to premiere in Vietnam in July 2012 on Vietnam Television .
Next Caller is an unaired American television comedy series that was scheduled to premiere mid - season on NBC as part of the 2012 - -13 television schedule .
The Arena Football League on ESPN is a presentation of the league with games airing on ESPN , ESPN2 , ESPNEWS , and ESPN3 as with all other sports the ESPN family of networks all Arena Football games air on The WatchESPN App also .
Naked Josh was a Canadian television series broadcast on Showcase .
69 Sexy Things 2 Do Before You Die ( stylized 69 Sexy Things 2 Do B4U Die ) was a Playboy TV adult newsmagazine profiling exotic locales , outdoor adventures and current erotic trends .
Carinurella paradoxa is a species of crustacean in family Niphargidae , and the only species in the genus Carinurella .
Drynaria , commonly known as basket ferns , is a genus of ferns in the family Polypodiaceae .
Hypolaena is a plant genus in the family Restionaceae , described as a genus in 1810 .
The Malagasy crowned eagle ( Stephanoaetus mahery ) , also known as the Madagascar crowned hawk - eagle , was a large bird of prey , comparable in size to the African crowned eagle , that inhabited Madagascar until 1500 AD .
The Balsas shiner ( Notropis boucardi ) is a species of freshwater fish endemic to Mexico .
Streptostyla is a genus of predatory , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Spiraxidae .
Physocarpus , commonly called ninebark , is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rosaceae , native to North America ( most species ) and northeastern Asia ( one species ) .
The Electra 's tree - nymph ( Idea electra ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
The African gecko , Cnemaspis africana , is a species of gecko found in Central Africa .
However , Piceoerpeton is unrelated to the Cryptobranchidae ; instead it appears to be a member of the extinct family Scapherpetontidae .
The Chacoan peccary or tagua ( Catagonus wagneri ) is a species of peccary found in the Gran Chaco of Paraguay , Bolivia , and Argentina .
Pentagenia , similar to Hexagenia , is a genus of insect in the family Ephemeridae , commonly referred to as burrowing mayflies .
The Hispaniolan edible rat ( Brotomys voratus ) is an extinct species of rodent in the family Echimyidae .
Alnus viridis ( green alder ) is an alder distributed widely across the cooler parts of the Northern Hemisphere .
Later studies indicated that Aphaerema should be classified in the willow family , Salicaceae , and combined with the genus Abatia .
Hydrocera is a genus of flowering plants in the family Balsaminaceae ( Balsams ) .
Speckled puffer , Sphoeroides yergeri , is a species in the family Tetraodontidae , or pufferfishes .
The Chelidae are one of three living families of the turtle suborder Pleurodira and are commonly called the Austro - South American side - neck turtles .
The Swinhoe 's rail ( Coturnicops exquisitus ) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae .
The Bhutan giant flying squirrel ( Petaurista nobilis ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Macrocheraia is a genus of bug in the family Largidae with a single species , Macrocheraia grandis found mainly in Southeast Asia but extending into parts of South Asia .
Furconthophagus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea , more usually treated as a subgenus of Onthophagus
Bryopsidales is an order of green algae , in the class Bryopsidophyceae .
Purshia ( bitterbrush or cliff - rose ) is a small genus of 5 - 8 species of flowering plants in the family Rosaceae , native to western North America , where they grow in dry climates from southeast British Columbia in Canada south throughout the western United States to northern Mexico .
Osyris is a genus of plants in the family Santalaceae , one of the many genera known as sandalwoods .
Orchipedidae is a flatworm family in the sub order Echinostomata .
The D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago pogonomys ( Pogonomys fergussoniensis ) , also known as the D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago tree mouse , is a species of prehensile - tailed rat from the family Muridae that is endemic to Papua New Guinea .
The Rio skate ( Rioraja agassizii ) is a shallow water skate native to the Atlantic coast of South America from Brazil to southern Argentina .
Phanagnathus overlaeti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Phanagnathus .
Paxia is a genus of plants in the family Connaraceae , first described as a genus in 1891 .
Clingfishes are fishes of the family Gobiesocidae , belonging to the order Gobiesociformes .
Ventridens is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae , the true glass snails .
Brachyctis rugulosa is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Brachyctis .
Paracerceis is a genus of isopod crustacean in the family Sphaeromatidae .
Manatees ( family Trichechidae , genus Trichechus ) are large , fully aquatic , mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows .
Dipelta is a genus of three large , deciduous shrubs that are members of the family Caprifoliaceae .
Auximobasis is a genus of the gelechioid moth family Blastobasidae .
The Atlantic thread herring , Opisthonema oglinum , is a herring - like fish in the family Clupeidae .
Lagden 's bushshrike ( Malaconotus lagdeni ) is a bird species in the bushshrike family ( Malaconotidae ) .
Condalia is a genus of spiny shrubs in the tribe Rhamneae of the buckthorn family , Rhamnaceae .
Acamptopappus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae described as a genus in 1873 .
Nolana is the only genus in the Solanaceae which has a fruit composed of mericarps , although its flower and other vegetative morphology is similar to other plants in this family .
Ussuritidae are ancestral , Triassic , Phylloceratina characterized by generally smooth , discoidal , evolute shells with rounded venters and little or no ornamentation and by sutures with primitive monophyllitic saddles with a single terminal branch or leaflet .
Trematotegmen is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae .
Tricheunidia fuscovariegata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Tricheunidia .
Parophthalmoptera picea is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Parophthalmoptera of the family Ulidiidae .
The Cameroon rainforest snake or Dendrolycus elapoides is a species of colubrid snake .
Betula platyphylla , the Japanese white birch or Siberian silver birch , is a tree species belonging to the genus Betula .
The Grasse 's shrew ( Crocidura grassei ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Ablattaria is a genus of burying beetles or carrion beetles belonging to the family Silphidae .
Xenoceltitidae are evolute , generally ribbed , upper Lower Triassic Ceratitida with ceratitic or goniatitic sutures ; formerly included in the Noritaceae but now placed in the Xenodiscaceae .
Eurymerus eburioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Eurymerus .
Reineckeiidae is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod famuly belonging to the superfamily Perisphinctoidea .
The Christmas frigatebird or Christmas Island frigatebird ( Fregata andrewsi ) is a seabird of the frigatebird family Fregatidae which is endemic to Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean .
Lichtenfelder 's gecko , Goniurosaurus lichtenfelderi , is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae .
Lambdotheriidae is an extinct family of the Perissodactyla ( odd - toed ungulate ) order ( that is , browsing and grazing animals ) .
The Milagros ' tiger ( Parantica milagros ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
Terebra is a genus of small to large - sized predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Navosoma luctuosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Navosoma .
The Rickart 's dyak fruit bat ( Dyacopterus rickarti ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae found in Luzon and Mindanao islands , in the Philippines .
The Malabar danio ( Devario malabaricus formerly Danio malabaricus ) is a tropical fish belonging to the minnow family ( Cyprinidae ) .
Phylogenetic analyses of crocodyliforms find Paralligatoridae to nest within Neosuchia , a large clade ( evolutionary grouping ) that also includes modern crocodylians .
Docofossor was placed in the Docodontidae together with Docodon and Haldanodon .
Murid herpesvirus 4 ( MuHV 4 ) is a virus in the genus Rhadinovirus .
The European pied flycatcher ( Ficedula hypoleuca ) is a small passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family .
Isochilus is a genus of orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) with 13 recognized species .
Jardinella is a genus of small freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
Kittlidiscidae is an extinct family of Middle Triassic gastropods in the superfamily Pleurotomarioidea , named to contain the genus Kittlidiscus and included in the Vetigastropoda .
Cosmisomopsis viridis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cosmisomopsis .
Pantadenia is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1925 .
The Kickxellales are an order of fungi classified under Kickxellomycotina .
Cantor 's giant softshell turtle or Asian giant softshell turtle ( Pelochelys cantorii ) is a species of freshwater turtle .
Pachyanthus is a thorney shrub with edible berries in the genus of plant in family Melastomataceae .
Botta 's serotine ( Eptesicus bottae ) is a species of vesper bat , one for 25 in the genus Eptesicus .
The Tongan ground dove ( Gallicolumba stairi ) , also known as the shy ground dove , is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Ochyrotica is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family and only genus in the Ochyroticinae subfamily .
Brunfelsia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Solanaceae , the nightshades .
Scoloderus is a genus of orb - weaving spider of the family Araneidae which feed largely on nocturnal moths .
Haplopleuroceras is a Middle Jurassic ammonite and likely member of the Hildoceratacean family Sonniniidae with which it shares the same sort of ribbing .
The Natal sand frog ( Tomopterna natalensis ) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family .
Parasphaerion granulosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Parasphaerion .
Caltha is a genus of rhizomatous perennial flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae ( `` buttercup family '' ) , to which ten species have been assigned .
The Palau owl ( Pyrroglaux podarginus ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
The Narcondam hornbill ( Rhyticeros narcondami ) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family .
The Microdesmidae , the wormfishes and dartfishes , are a family of goby - like fishes in the order Perciformes .
Denham 's bustard , Stanley bustard or Stanley 's bustard ( Neotis denhami ) is a large bird in the bustard family .
The Sharpe 's apalis ( Apalis sharpii ) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family .
Mallodonhoplus nobilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Mallodonhoplus .
The Sierra Madre ground squirrel ( Callospermophilus madrensis ) is a species of rodent in the squirrel family .
Paratya is a genus of freshwater shrimp of the family Atyidae , found in various islands in the Pacific Ocean .
Pelicans are a genus of large water birds that makes up the family Pelecanidae .
Cimicoidea is the name of a superfamily of insects belonging to the infraorder Cimicomorpha that have a mandible modified as a straw - like rostrum used for feeding on animals as their host or prey .
The Indian pipistrelle ( Pipistrellus coromandra ) is a species of bat in the family Vespertilionidae found in Afghanistan , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Cambodia , India , Myanmar , Nepal , Pakistan , Sri Lanka , Thailand , and Vietnam .
Cope 's brown treefrog or fringe - limbed treefrog ( Ecnomiohyla miliaria ) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae .
The Kenai Peninsula wolf ( Canis lupus alces ) , also known as the Kenai Peninsula grey wolf , was a sub - species of the gray wolf , Canis lupus , that lived on a peninsula in southern Alaska known as Kenai Peninsula .
Acrosticta is a genus of picture - winged flies in the family Ulidiidae .
The APG II system assigns the Strelitziaceae to the order Zingiberales in the commelinid clade .
Strophomena is a genus of brachiopods belonging to the order Strophomenida family Strophomenidae , named by Rafinesque in 1824 .
The Anguilloidei are a suborder of the order Anguilliformes ( the eels ) containing six families :
Class Synapsida Eupelycosauria Sphenacodontia †Haptodus †Palaeohatteria †Pantelosaurus Sphenacodontoidea
The Bearded puffer , Sphoeroides tyleri , is a species in the family Tetraodontidae ( or pufferfish ) which is typically found in marine coastal waters of the West Atlantic from Colombia to Southeastern Brazil .
The Port Jackson shark ( Heterodontus portusjacksoni ) is a nocturnal , oviparous ( egg laying ) type of bullhead shark of the family Heterodontidae , found in the coastal region of southern Australia , including the waters off Port Jackson .
Zenker 's fruit bat ( Scotonycteris zenkeri ) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family .
The Ascalaphinae are the namesake subfamily of the owlfly family ( Ascalaphidae ) , winged insects of the order Neuroptera .
Protomegabaria is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1911 .
The Christmas shearwater ( Puffinus nativitatis ) is a medium - sized shearwater of the tropical Central Pacific .
Telminostelma is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1885 .
The Cravenoceratidae is one of six families included in the ammonoid superfamily Neoglyphiocerataceae , which lived during the latter part of the Paleozoic era .
The genus by itself constitutes the family Balanopaceae ( formerly the spelling Balanopsidaceae was also used ) .
The Inca flycatcher ( Leptopogon taczanowskii ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
The Visayan bulbul ( Hypsipetes mindorensis ) is a songbird species in the bulbul family ( Pycnonotidae ) .
The Jobi tree frog ( Litoria obtusirostris ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , endemic to West Papua , Indonesia .
Epalzeorhynchos is a small ray - finned fish genus of the family Cyprinidae .
The Northland green gecko , Naultinus grayii , is a species of gecko found only in the Northland region of New Zealand , north of Whangaroa ; it is one of the rarest and most highly sought after lizards .
Urtea graeca is a species of beetle in the family Lymexylidae , the only species in the genus Urtea .
Petrimagnia horricoma is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Petrimagnia .
Periaulax is an extinct genus of gastropods in the Trochidae family .
Bicuiba is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the nutmeg family , Myristicaceae .
The Egyptian mongoose ( Herpestes ichneumon ) , also known as the ichneumon , is a species of mongoose .
The May highflyer ( Hydriomena impluviata ) is a moth of the family Geometridae .
Harpetida is one of the nine orders of the extinct arthropod class Trilobita .
Chaetocorophium is very closely related to Paracorophium , and some researchers propose synonymising the two genera .
Fraxinus berlandieriana ( Mexican ash ) is a tree native to eastern and northeastern Mexico and to the south - central United States .
The Imienpo Station frog , Glandirana emeljanovi , is a species of frog found in Northeast Asia .
Echinix is the only genus in the family Echinichidae , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Xanthonychoidea .
The Loganiaceae are a family of flowering plants classified in order Gentianales .
The Parana river stingray ( Potamotrygon schuemacheri ) is a species of fish in the Potamotrygonidae family .
Aclistomycter was named and assigned to Merycoidodontidae by Wilson ( 1971 ) and Lander ( 1998 )
Turkiella is a genus of mite in the family Laelapidae .
Phalium , common name the bonnet shells , is a genus of large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae , the helmet shells , bonnet shells and their allies .
Blastophaga is a wasp genus in the family Agaonidae ( fig wasps ) which pollinate figs or are otherwise associated with figs , a coevolutional relationship that has been developing for at least 80 million years .
Adomia is a genus of fungi in the Xylariales order of the Ascomycota .
Mehely 's horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus mehelyi ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae found in eastern Europe and parts of the Middle East .
Tavia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family endemic to Eurasia .
Fusitriton is a genus of large predatory sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ranellidae , the tritons .
Aegagropila linnaei , known as Marimo ( 毬藻 , literally `` ball seaweed '' ) in Japanese and as Cladophora ball , Lake ball , Mossimo or Moss Balls in English , is a species of filamentous green algae ( Chlorophyta ) found mostly in a number of lakes in the northern hemisphere .
The Hispaniolan yellow - mottled frog or painted robber frog , Eleutherodactylus pictissimus , is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Hispaniola and found in both the Dominican Republic and Haiti .
Paradoris is a genus of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae .
Felis margarita scheffeli is a subspecies of the sand cat that was described on the basis of seven deceased captive specimen originating from the Nushki desert in Pakistan .
Eleutherine is a genus of herbaceous , perennial and bulbous plants in the Iris family ( Iridaceae ) , first described as a genus in 1843 .
Truyolsoceras is an Upper Devonian ammonite ( subclass Ammonoidea ) included in the goniatitid subfamily Aulatornoceratinae .
Lotosaurus was originally placed in its own family , Lotosauridae , which named by Zhang in 1975 .
The Guabang Shan salamander , Hynobius guabangshanensis , is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family , endemic to China , as it is only known from the locality from where it was described as a new species to science in 2004 , at Guabang Shan Tree Farm in Qiyang County of Hunan Province .
The Costa Rican brush finch or grey - striped brush finch ( Arremon costaricensis ) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family .
Homo contained humans , Lemur contained four lemurs and a colugo , and Simia contained all the rest -- it was , in modern terms , a wastebasket taxon for the primates .
The Worcester 's buttonquail or Luzon buttonquail ( Turnix worcesteri ) -- named after Dean Conant Worcester -- is a species of bird in the Turnicidae family .
Strepsirrhini or Strepsirhini ( i/ˌstrɛpsəˈraɪniː/ ; STREP - sə - RY - nee ) is a suborder of primates that includes the lemuriform primates , which consist of the lemurs of Madagascar , galagos ( `` bushbabies '' ) and pottos from Africa , and the lorises from India and southeast Asia .
Eureptilia ( `` true reptiles '' ) is one of the two major clades of the Sauropsida , the other being Anapsida ( or Parareptilia ) .
The West African pygmy herring ( Sierrathrissa leonensis ) is a very small fish , reaching a maximum length of 3 centimetres ( 1.2 in ) SL , closely related to the herring , which is found in Africa .
Asymphorodes is a gelechioid moth genus in subfamily Agonoxeninae of the palm moth family ( Agonoxenidae ) , whose taxonomic status is disputed .
Watercress is an aquatic plant species with the botanical name Nasturtium officinale .
Platycleis is a genus of insect described by Fieber in 1852 , belonging to the family Tettigoniidae , subfamily Tettigoniinae .
Salim Ali 's fruit bat ( Latidens salimalii ) is a rare megabat species in the monotypic genus Latidens .
Poulsenia is a monotypic genus of plants in the family Moraceae , native to rainforests from Mexico south through Venezuela to Bolivia .
The Ethiopian narrow - headed rat ( Stenocephalemys albocaudata ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Melaloncha is a genus of phorid flies ( Diptera : Phoridae ) commonly referred to as `` bee - killing flies '' .
Limacella is a genus of mushroom - forming fungi in the family Amanitaceae in order Agaricales .
The Ecuadorian thrush ( Turdus maculirostris ) is a resident bird found in western South America in western Ecuador and northwestern Peru .
Ellobium is a genus of medium - sized , air - breathing , saltmarsh snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae .
Hemiphyllodactylus is a genus of geckos ranging from India and China southward to Southeast Asia and Oceania .
The Jamaican fig - eating bat ( Ariteus flavescens ) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae .
Acastidae is a family of trilobites in the order Phacopida , suborder Phacopina , superfamily Acastoidea , containing the following genera :
Leptopoma is a genus of land snails with a gill and an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae .
Acnistus is a genus of plants in the Solanaceae , the nightshade family .
Promecoptera marginalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Promecoptera .
The Culicomorpha are an infraorder of Nematocera , including mosquitoes , black flies , and several extant and extinct families of insects .
The Mascarene grey parakeet or Thirioux 's grey parrot ( Psittacula bensoni ) , is an extinct species of parrot which was endemic to the Mascarene islands of Mauritius and Réunion in the western Indian Ocean .
Doxocopa is a genus of neotropical butterflies in the family Nymphalidae , subfamily Apaturinae .
Betelgeusia is an extinct genus of sea stars in the family Astropectinidae .
Toechima is a genus of small to medium - sized trees in the plant family Sapindaceae .
Found only in Jamaica , the Jamaican tody ( Todus todus ) is a small and colourful bird , predominantly green above , with a red throat and yellow underparts , with some pink on the sides .
The Aztec mouse ( Peromyscus aztecus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae , native to southern Mexico and parts of Central America .
Echeveria is a large genus of flowering plants in the Crassulaceae family , native to semi - desert areas of Central America , Mexico and northwestern South America .
Neofavolus is a genus of three species of polypore fungi in the family Polyporaceae .
Leuconopsis is a genus of minute air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Ellobiidae .
Nasolo 's shrew tenrec ( Microgale nasoloi ) is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae .
Oodiscus occurs in association with other Weymouthiidae ( Acidiscus , Acimetopus , Analox , Bathydiscus , Bolboparia , Leptochilodiscus , Serrodiscus ) , and Calodiscus .
The Ecuadorian piculet ( Picumnus sclateri ) is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
Finn 's weaver or Finn 's baya ( Ploceus megarhynchus ) , also known as yellow weaver is a species of weaver bird found in the Ganges and Brahmaputra valleys in India and Nepal .
Interatherium is an extinct genus of Interatheriidae from the early Miocene .
Pleodorina is a genus of colonial green algae , specifically of the Volvocaceae .
The Canivet 's emerald or fork - tailed emerald ( Chlorostilbon canivetii ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Athroisma is a genus of plants in the Asteraceae family first described as a genus in 1833 .
The European spruce bark beetle ( Ips typographus ) , is a species of beetle in the weevil subfamily Scolytinae , the bark beetles , and is found from Europe to Asia Minor and some parts of Africa .
Asidoptera monstruosa is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Asidoptera .
The Fischer 's greenbul ( Phyllastrephus fischeri ) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family .
Chlorocardium is a genus of the family Lauraceae .
Nancy Ma 's night monkey ( Aotus nancymaae ) is a night monkey species from South America .
Glischrochilus is a genus of sap - feeding and predatory beetles under the family Nitidulidae , subfamily Cryptarchinae .
The Floreana mockingbird or Charles mockingbird ( Mimus trifasciatus ) is a bird species in the family Mimidae .
The Paramillo tapaculo ( Scytalopus canus ) is a species of bird in the Formicariidae family .
Isorineloricaria is a genus of catfish in the family Loricariidae endemic to South America .
Alsophylax is a genus of small species of geckos , endemic to Central Asia , commonly known as straight - fingered geckos .
Schayera is a grasshopper genus in the family Acrididae .
Slender stone loach ( Balitora mysorensis ) is a species of hill - stream loach .
Blennius is a Genus of Perciform fish in the family Blenniidae .
Pentabrachion is a plant genus from the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1864 .
Commelinoideae is a subfamily of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family ( Commelinaceae ) .
The Zoopagales is an order of fungi in the subphylum Zoopagomycotina .
Leptogorgia is a genus of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae .
It contains a single named species , Osteodontornis orri ( Orr 's Bony - toothed Bird , in literal translation of its scientific name ) , which was described quite exactly one century after the first species of the Pelagornithidae ( Pelagornis miocaenus ) was .
The Asian glossy starling ( Aplonis panayensis ) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae .
The Olympic marmot ( Marmota olympus ) is a rodent in the squirrel family Sciuridae ; it occurs only in the U.S. state of Washington , on the middle elevations of the Olympic Peninsula .
Hondalagus represents the smallest and most specialized member of the extinct family Argyrolagidae .
The Yucatan squirrel ( Sciurus yucatanensis ) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Belize , Guatemala , and Southeast Mexico .
The Mount Gargues pipistrelle ( Pipistrellus aero ) is a species of vesper bat found in Kenya and possibly Ethiopia .
Entelurus aequoreus , the Snake pipefish , is a species of pipefish native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean where they are generally found amongst algae close in to shore .
The Amapa tree frog , Hypsiboas dentei , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in northern Brazil in the Amapá state ( where its type locality , Serra do Navio , is located ) , French Guiana , and southeastern Suriname .
The Treur River barb ( Barbus treurensis ) or simply Treur barb is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Staga is a monotypic genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , containing the single species Staga producta from Madagascar .
The Patzcuaro frog ( Rana dunni ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to the Michoacán state , Mexico , where it is locally known as rana de Pátzcuaro .
The Hawequa flat gecko ( Afroedura hawequensis ) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae .
Ede Vadászi ( September 13 , 1923 in Budapest -- June 12 , 1995 in Budapest ) , aka Ede Viboch , was a Hungarian basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Elisabetta Preziosa ( born 21 September 1993 ) is an Italian artistic gymnast She represented her country at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Alfred Viggo Emil Andreasen ( later Fjordvald ; September 4 , 1895 -- May 26 , 1972 ) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Khashbaataryn Tsagaanbaatar ( Mongolian : Хашбаатарын Цагаанбаатар ) is the single medal winner from Mongolia at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Marcel Lalu ( 24 March 1882 -- 1951 ) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics , in the 1908 Summer Olympics , and in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Johan Petter Åhlén ( 13 April 1879 -- 31 March 1939 ) was a Swedish curler who won a silver medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics .
Fritz Kopperschmidt ( born 22 December 1939 in Hamburg ) is a German former sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Eduardo Barragán ( born July 1 , 1951 in Cartagena de Chairá , Bolívar ) is a retired Colombian boxer , who competed for his South American nation at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , West Germany .
Shawn Estrada ( born April 1 , 1985 in East Los Angeles , California ) is an undefeated Mexican American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division and was a U.S. Olympian at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Witold Woyda ( May 10 , 1939 -- May 5 , 2008 ) was a Polish fencer who won four Olympic medals in the foil between 1964 and 1972 , including two gold medals at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Fiona Butler ( born 16 October 1977 ) is a South African former field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
After the World War II Laila Schou Nilsen competed in alpine skiing at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz , where she finished 7th in downhill and 14th in slalom .
Rudolf Körner ( born January 8 , 1892 in Leipzig / Germany , date of death 13 . November 1978 in Füssen / Germany ) was a German gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Juan Mata missed all of Chelsea 's pre - season games as he was playing for Spain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , but he returned to play in the 2012 FA Community Shield against Manchester City and was substituted after 74 minutes for Daniel Sturridge .
Nilton Pacheco de Oliveira ( July 26 , 1920 -- June 26 , 2013 ) was a Brazilian basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London , United Kingdom .
Klapa s Mora is a music ensemble that represented Croatia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö with the song `` Mižerja '' .
Karlo Umek ( 8 February 1917 -- 25 September 2010 ) was a Slovenian Olympic shooter who participated for Yugoslavia at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome in the Men 's Free Pistol , 50 metres event , where he placed 22nd .
Sir Geoffrey Cornewall , 6th Baronet ( 7 May 1869 -- 21 January 1951 ) of Moccas Court , Herefordshire , was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London .
Luis Usoz ( 19 October 1932 in San Sebastián -- 10 March 1992 ) was a Spanish field hockey player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Nikolai Vekšin ( 23 May ( O.S. 10 May ) 1887 in Haapsalu , Governorate of Estonia , Russian Empire -- 15 January 1951 in Norillag , Norilsk , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union ) was an Estonian sailor who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Dennis van der Geest ( born June 27 , 1975 ) is a Dutch judoka , who won the bronze medal in the men 's heavyweight ( + 100 kg ) division at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Rolf Tschiemer ( born October 23 , 1951 ) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey forward who played for SCL Tigers in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1976 Winter Olympics .
William Hehir ( born 21 January 1887 , date of death unknown ) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics in racewalking events .
Kamil Djamaloudinov ( born August 15 , 1979 in Dagestan ) is a boxer from Russia , who won the bronze medal in the featherweight division ( -- 57 kg ) at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Sven Goldemann ( born 22 June 1969 ) is the lead for the German curling team that competed in Curling at the 2014 Winter Olympics --
Olivier Bausset ( born February 1 , 1982 ) is a French sailor and Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
At the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck , Piet Kleine became Olympic Champion on the 10,000 m , beating world record holder Sten Stensen -- who won silver -- in a close race .
Ileana Ongar ( born 24 March 1950 in Alexandria ) is a former Italian hurdler , that was 8th at 1976 Summer Olympics ( 110 m hs ) and earned four medals at the Mediterranean Games .
Reza Naderian ( Persian : رضا نادریان‎ , born January 29 , 1989 in Isfahan , Iran ) is an Iranian Taekwondo athlete who competed in the Men 's 58 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Scott Vitale ( born 6 July 1985 ) was a member of the Australian wheelchair rugby team which competed in the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics .
Rik Van Linden ( born 28 July 1949 in Wilrijk , Antwerp ) is a Belgian former road bicycle racer who won the points classification in the 1975 Tour de France .
Abdellah Bidane ( born 19 August 1967 ) , also known as Abdellah Bidar , is a Moroccan football defender who played for Morocco in the 1986 FIFA World Cup .
Georgia Coleman ( January 23 , 1912 -- September 14 , 1940 ) was an American diver who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Carlos Ventosa Delmas ( born April 3 , 1971 ) is a former backstroke swimmer from Spain , who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics for his native country .
Soul Militia ( known until 2002 as 2XL ) is an Estonian hip - hop act , internationally most notable for winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2001 as backing singers for Tanel Padar and Dave Benton , with the song `` Everybody '' .
Eric Shirley ( born 3 April 1929 ) ran the 3,000 metres steeplechase final at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne , Australia for Great Britain with team mates Chris Brasher and John Disley ; coming in 8th with a time of 8.57 .
József Munk ( born November 11 , 1890 -- died ? ) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Maxim Aleshin is a Russian acrobat and former gymnast who won a Bronze Medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
Heli Rantanen ( born 26 February 1970 in Lammi ) is a Finnish javelin thrower , who won the gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , United States .
Kieran Hansen ( born 16 November 1971 in Sydney ) is an Australian short track speed skater who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics , in the 1994 Winter Olympics , and in the 1998 Winter Olympics .
Attila Laták ( 9 September 1945 -- 8 December 1991 ) was a Hungarian wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Domingo González ( 24 December 1947 -- 16 July 1979 ) was a Colombian footballer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Ines Geißler ( born 16 February 1963 in Marienberg , Saxony ) , commonly spelled Ines Geissler in English , is a former butterfly swimmer from East Germany , who won the gold medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , Soviet Union .
Ebrahim Javadi ( Persian : ابراهیم جوادی‎‎ , born July 28 , 1943 in Qazvin ) is an Iranian wrestler who competed in Freestyle at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
40 days prior to the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , during a training run near Addis Ababa , Abebe Bikila started to feel pain .
Marion Hellmann ( née Goldkamp ; born 6 April 1967 in Linnich , Nordrhein - Westfalen ) is a retired German high jumper , who competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Silvio Calzolari was an Italian tug of war competitor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Tranel Hawkins ( born 17 September 1962 ) is an American hurdler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Kerry Dienelt ( born 25 February 1969 in Darwin , Northern Territory ) is a former softball catcher from Australia , who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics .
Rolando Pušnik ( born December 13 , 1961 ) is a Slovenian former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia and in the 2000 Summer Olympics for Slovenia .
Helen Karagounis ( née Thieme ) is a British athlete who finished fourth in the Women 's 4 × 400 metres Relay at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Edsilia Rombley represented the Netherlands again at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in May 2007 in Helsinki , Finland with the song `` On Top of the World '' , but was eliminated in the semi - finals .
Kevin McAlinden is a former footballer from Northern Ireland who represented Great Britain at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Emilio D'Aquino ( born 26 March 1982 ) is a triathlete from Italy , who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Frank Bartkus ( born November 11 , 1915 ; died September 1986 in Merrick , New York ) was a U.S. soccer goalkeeper who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Wilhelm Egginger ( April 6 , 1912 -- ? ) was a German ice hockey player who competed for the German national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch - Partenkirchen .
Cvitko Bilić ( born 19 October 1943 ) is a former Croatian road bicycle racer active in the 1960s and 1970s who competed for Yugoslavia at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics .
`` Just Another Day ... '' is one of the singles released from Queen Latifah 's 1993 album Black Reign .
Corridor of Mirrors is Prometheus 's ( Benji Vaughan ) second album .
Rendered with English lyrics by Carl Sigman as `` You 're My World '' , the song has reached No . 1 in Australia ( twice ) , Belgium , Mexico , Netherlands , South Africa and United Kingdom via recordings by Cilla Black , Daryl Braithwaite , Guys ' n ' Dolls and Helen Reddy .
Call Your Friends is the tenth studio album by American punk rock band Zebrahead released in Japan on August 7 , 2013 and worldwide on August 13 and 16 , 2013 respectively .
`` Everybody in Love '' is the second single by English boyband JLS from their self - titled debut album .
Eats Darkness is Apostle of Hustle 's third studio LP , released on May 19 , 2009 to generally positive reviews .
3:47 EST is the first album by the Canadian progressive rock group Klaatu , released in August 1976 .
Days of the White Owl is the first full - length album from Californian hardcore punk band , The Nerve Agents .
`` Read All About It , Pt . III '' is a song by Scottish recording artist Emeli Sandé , from her debut album , Our Version of Events ( 2012 ) .
There Is Nothing Left to Lose is the third studio album by the Foo Fighters , released November 2 , 1999 .
Nu - Clear Sounds is the second official studio album by Ash , released on 5 October 1998 .
Leather Launderette is the sixteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch , recorded together with fellow musician Rod Clements .
`` The Moon Over Georgia '' is a song written by Mark Narmore and recorded by American country music group Shenandoah .
The Catalogue ( German language edition : Der Katalog ) is a boxed set comprising eight albums by Kraftwerk that were released from 1974 to 2003 .
`` Running Through the Fire ( Storm ) '' is a single by Anika Moa , a singer - songwriter from New Zealand .
Beautiful Eyes is the second extended play ( EP ) by American singer Taylor Swift .
Best Selection Non Stop Mix is the first Japanese DJ mix album by South Korean girl group Girls ' Generation released on March 20 , 2013 .
`` Surfin ' '' is a song by American rock band The Beach Boys , written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love .
Six Six Six Nights in Hell is the third album by Danish industrial band Psychopomps .
Lack of Communication is the first album by garage rock revival band The Von Bondies .
L.A. to Miami is the first studio album by American country music singer Keith Whitley .
Let 's Love While We Can is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the U.K. in 1980 by CBS Records .
Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour is the third demo EP by Enter Shikari .
Fatalna ljubav ( English : Fatal Love ) is the seventh studio album by Serbian singer Ceca .
`` Virginia Plain '' is a song by English rock band Roxy Music , released as their debut single in August 1972 .
World of Today was the second album to be released by Supermax .
Mir so nah ( English : So close to me ) is the third studio album by German recording artist Cassandra Steen , released by Universal Music Urban on April 29 , 2011 .
`` I Could Be '' is a first solo single by American singer Sinitta .
Running , Jumping , Standing Still is an album by blues artists `` Spider '' John Koerner and Willie Murphy , released in 1969 .
`` You Do n't Have to Be a Star ( To Be in My Show ) '' is a song by the husband / wife duo of Marilyn McCoo and Billy Davis , Jr. , former members of the vocal group The 5th Dimension .
Painting It Red is the seventh original album released by The Beautiful South in October 2000 .
Unapologetic is the seventh studio album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna .
DéCLARAtions is the first studio album by Clara Morgane , released on June 18 , 2007 .
`` Young Folks '' is the first single from Peter Bjorn and John 's third album , Writer 's Block ( released in 2006 ) .
`` Get Da Money '' is a song by American hip hop artist Erick Sermon ( released under the moniker Erick Onasis ) recorded for his third album Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis ( 2000 ) .
Veil of Remembrance is the second full - length album by the Swedish group Crimson Moonlight .
Our Lives on Wednesdays is the second album from the instrumental pop duo I 'm Not a Gun .
Cruel Intention is Nasty Idols second album release after 1989 's debut Gigolos on Parole .
`` ( I Ca n't Make It ) Another Day '' is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson featuring Lenny Kravitz , released on the posthumous album Michael which has sold 6.5 million globally .
Flamingo Honey is an EP by Whirlwind Heat , released on August 24 , 2004 by Dim Mak records .
Ballistic Statues is the second album by EBM group A Split - Second .
Essence to Essence is the eleventh studio album , and thirteenth album overall , from British singer - songwriter Donovan .
`` Pop Master '' is the 24th single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki , released on April 13 , 2011 , together with her 23rd single , `` Scarlet Knight '' .
Give the People What They Want is the eighteenth studio album by the English rock group , The Kinks .
Five Three One - Double Seven O Four is a 1979 album by the English rock / pop group , The Hollies .
`` Keep Gettin ' It On '' , or `` Let 's Get It On , Pt . 2 '' , was a sequel of the title track on Marvin Gaye 's 1973 album , Let 's Get It On .
`` Floorfiller '' is A - Teens ' first single from their third album New Arrival , which also previously appeared on their first EP Pop ' til You Drop ! for the U.S. market and was released as the second single of Pop ' til You Drop ! there .
XL1 was Buzzcocks frontman Pete Shelley 's second solo album .
Près de ma rivière ( `` Near my river '' ) was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964 , performed in French by Robert Cogoi .
Männer haben kein Gehirn ( Men do n't have Brains ) is a promotional audiobook by German punk rock band Die Ärzte .
`` I 'll Kiss Your Memory '' is the first solo single written , performed and produced by Barry Gibb , released in May 1970 .
The Way of the Animal Powers is the sixth studio album by Italian band Zu , released in 2005 , within the collaboration of Fred Lonberg - Holm on cello .
`` I Ca n't Feel You '' is German synthpop group Camouflage 's seventeenth single , released in August 2003 via Polydor label as the second and final single from their sixth studio album Sensor .
`` Love Makes Sweet Music '' was the first single released by the psychedelic rock group Soft Machine .
Layourbattleaxedown is a compilation album by the Swedish band The Concretes consisting of b - sides and rarities from the British singles and EPs pertaining to their debut release The Concretes , that was released on July 26 , 2005 in the United States ( see 2005 in music ) .
`` What Part of No '' is a song written by Wayne Perry and Gerald Smith , and recorded by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan .
Ænigma Mystica is the tenth studio album studio from French death metal act Misanthrope .
Be Good is a 2005 album by Alex Fong ( 方力申 ) .
Illegal Stills is a Stephen Stills album released in 1976 .
`` The Boy Who Ran Away '' was the fifth single by Mystery Jets , released in February 2006 .
`` Hands on Me '' is a song on Vanessa Carlton 's third studio album , Heroes & Thieves ( 2007 ) , and is the album 's second single .
`` Si j'avais au moins ... '' ( English : `` If I Had at Least ... '' ) is a song recorded by French singer Mylène Farmer .
`` For America '' is a song written and performed by American singer - songwriter Jackson Browne from his 1986 album , Lives in the Balance .
One ( Hellbound ) is the debut release from Indianapolis thrash band Demiricous .
So Runs the World Away is the sixth full - length studio album by American singer - songwriter Josh Ritter .
Xenophobia ( Why ? ) is the third studio album by Australian rock band Spy vs Spy , it was produced by Les Karski ( Boys Next Door , Midnight Oil , Nauts ) and Guy Gray , and released through WEA on 21 March 1988 .
I Heart California is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Admiral Radley , a collaboration of members from the bands Grandaddy and Earlimart .
All Day Long is a jazz album by guitarist Kenny Burrell , although it is nominally credited to the `` Prestige All Stars '' .
`` Front Back '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I. , taken from his fourth studio album King ( 2006 ) .
Voodoo Soup is a posthumous compilation album by American rock musician Jimi Hendrix , released in the United States on April 11 , 1995 , by MCA Records .
Tu Amor Secreto ( Eng : Your Secret Love ) is a studio album released by Grupo Bryndis .
`` How to Be Dead '' is the 4th ( 5th including the re - issue of Spitting Games ) and final single by Snow Patrol from their album Final Straw .
Dance the Devil ... is the third studio album by Dublin based band The Frames .
`` Alagados '' is a song written by Bi Ribeiro , João Barone , and Herbert Vianna , which are the three members from Os Paralamas do Sucesso .
`` A Change Would Do You Good '' is the fourth single from Sheryl Crow 's 1997 self - titled second album .
Atl 's Finest is the debut studio album by J - Bo of YoungBloodZ.
Heer from Denmark is the first Punjabi solo album by Anita Lerche , a singer - songwriter from Denmark .
I Am Not a Doctor is the second album from the electronic / dance duo Moloko , released in 1998 .
Te Acordarás de Mí ( `` You Will Remember Me '' ) is the title of a studio album released by singer Olga Tañón on October 27 , 1998 .
`` Somebody Else '' is a song by American R&B singer - songwriter Mario , featuring vocals from Nicki Minaj .
Tom at Tut 's is the third live album from British singer - songwriter Tom McRae .
Music of Old Serbia is an album by soloist Dragoslav Aksentijević - Pavle with Ensemble Renaissance , released in 1987 on the PGP RTs label ( re - released in 1997 ) .
`` See You in My Nightmares '' is a song from Kanye West 's fourth studio album 808s & Heartbreak .
`` Flying Without Wings '' is a song released by Irish boy band Westlife from their self - titled debut studio album ( 1999 ) .
Through the Forest is the fifth studio album by Christian rock band Mad at the World .
We Got the Time , is the second studio album by Danish - teen girl pop duo , Creamy , released in 2000 .
`` Twilight Is Gone '' is a single by American country rock band The Desert Rose Band .
`` Kiss in the Dark '' was the 14th single released in Japan , and the first single released in America , by Japanese duo Pink Lady .
East Broadway Run Down is a 1966 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins , his last album before industry pressures led him to take a six - year hiatus .
Laughter Through Tears is the second album released by London , England based experimental band Oi Va Voi .
`` Do Anything You Say '' was a single by David Bowie .
TPA Flight 028 is the second album by Canadian indie rock group Tristan Psionic .
Romance on Film , Romance on Broadway is a 2000 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein arranged by Alan Broadbent and John Oddo .
Children of the Dark Waters is the sixth studio album by Finnish symphonic death metal band Eternal Tears of Sorrow .
`` You Make It Real '' is the sixth single by James Morrison , and the first from his second album , Songs for You , Truths for Me .
White Lightning and Other Favorites is the 1959 country music studio album released by George Jones on May 26 , 1959 .
Soon After Silence is the sixth studio album from the Australian electronica artist Endorphin , released in 2007 .
The jazz album Dedications II was recorded by two configurations of the Toshiko Akiyoshi Trio in Los Angeles in April 1977 .
`` I 'm Singing '' is the debut single from Christian music singer - songwriter Kari Jobe .
I 'm On the Right Track is the second album from funk drummer group Ziggy Modeliste of The Meters .
The Sun Came Out is a charity studio album released on 31 August 2009 by 7 Worlds Collide , a musical project of New Zealand singer / songwriter Neil Finn for the benefit of Oxfam .
`` Llamado de Emergencia '' ( English : `` Emergency Call '' ) is the second single by Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Daddy Yankee from the soundtrack to the motion picture Talento de Barrio , released on September 23 , 2008 , by El Cartel Records .
Freebola , also known as Chica Light , is a pop rock song by Chilean rock band Glup ! featured in their debut album 1999 of 1999 .
There are several German versions of `` Jingle Bells '' , including the popular Roy Black versions of Christkindl and Christmastime .
`` She 's Not the Cheatin ' Kind '' is a song written by Ronnie Dunn and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn .
Rustic Houses , Forlorn Valleys is the fourth full length records for the Leeds - based band Hood .
The Heartland Café is an album released by Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider on 17 February 1984 .
`` Voodoo Queen '' is a Synthpop song originally performed by German band Systems in Blue and released as single in 2007 .
Life Gone Wild is the first EP by British metalcore band Asking Alexandria .
Around the Fur is the second studio album by alternative metal band Deftones , released in 1997 .
`` Hanging by a Moment '' is a song by American alternative band Lifehouse .
Full Blown Possession is the fifth full - length album by Memphis indie rock band The Grifters .
One Hour by the Concrete Lake is Pain of Salvation 's second studio album .
Judas O ( also known as Judas Ø ) is a collection of B - sides and rarities by The Smashing Pumpkins .
La Valse à Mille Temps ( English : The Waltz With A Thousand Beats ) is Jacques Brel 's fourth album .
Kapitulation ( German for `` Capitulation '' or `` Surrender '' ) is the eighth studio album by the German indie rock group Tocotronic .
`` My Mistake '' is a 1977 song by New Zealand art rock group Split Enz from their studio album Dizrythmia .
Willisau ( Quartet ) 1991 is a 4CD box set by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded live and in the studio in 1991 and released on the hatART label .
`` Shawty Is a 10 '' ( also known uncensored as `` Shawty Is Da Shit '' ) is the first single from American singer - songwriter The - Dream 's debut studio album , Love Hate .
`` I 'm in Love with a German Film Star '' is a song by the British post - punk band The Passions .
Tales of the Forgotten Melodies is the debut full - length album by French underground hip hop producer Wax Tailor released in 2005 on Lab’oratoire / Under Cover labels .
S'il suffisait d'aimer ( meaning If Loving Were Enough ) is an album by Canadian singer Celine Dion , released on September 7 , 1998 .
Moeto carstvo ( Macedonian : Моето царство , ( ˈmɔ.ɛtɔ t͡sarstvɔ ) or ( ˈmɔjɛtɔ t͡sarstvɔ ) , My Kingdom ) is the second and final album by Macedonian rock group Aleksandar Makedonski .
`` Sign of a Victory '' is a song by American singer R. Kelly , featuring the South African gospel choir Soweto Spiritual Singers .
One Life One Soul , additionally subtitled Best of Ballads , is the first compilation album released by the hard rock band Gotthard .
Music Madness is the second album by old school hip hop and electro funk group Mantronix .
Kasvukipuja is the third studio album by Finnish rapper Cheek .
Room to Live , subtitled Undilutable Slang Truth ! , is the fifth studio album by English art punk band The Fall .
Nella stanza 26 is the ninth studio album by Italian singer - songwriter Nek , released on November 17 , 2006 .
A Whisky Kiss is the second studio album by Scottish Celtic fusion band Shooglenifty .
`` Janie 's Got a Gun '' is a song performed by the American hard rock band Aerosmith and written by Steven Tyler and Tom Hamilton .
Your Side ( Chinese : 妳身邊 ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Stanley Huang 's ( Chinese : 黃立行 ) debut Mandarin solo studio album .
The Invisible Way is the tenth full - length album by Low , released in 2013 by Sub Pop . It is produced by Wilco 's Jeff Tweedy and recorded at Wilco 's studio in Chicago .
Worldillia ( stylized as WORLDILLIA in Japan ) is the fourth studio album by the Japanese pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
Wisdom of Forgiveness is Vusi Mahlasela 's second album .
Kammel Kalamak ( Arabic : كمل كلامك , English : Keep Talking ) is a 2005 album by Amr Diab .
`` Feelin ' '' is the final single by The La 's from their debut album released on February 4 , 1991 .
Call of the Valley is a 1967 Hindustani classical music album by Hariprasad Chaurasia , Brij Bhushan Kabra , and Shivkumar Sharma .
Mooga is the third album by the rapper 40 Cal . , released August 5 , 2008 .
`` At My Most Beautiful '' is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. During the song 's creation , members of the group noted its similarity to the work of the Beach Boys and purposefully fashioned it to resemble that band 's output .
`` Could It Be Magic '' is a song with lyrics written by Adrienne Anderson and music composed by Barry Manilow , based on chord and melodical progressions of Frédéric Chopin 's Prelude in C Minor , Opus 28 , Number 20 .
Senmaida is a studio album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow .
John Gavanti is a 1980 No Wave opera album by members of the bands Mars and DNA .
Bufo Alvarius , Amen 29:15 is the debut studio album of Bardo Pond , released in January 1995 by Drunken Fish Records .
`` Have You Looked into Your Heart '' is a 1964 single by Jerry Vale written by Billy Barberis , Teddy Randazzo , and Bobby Weinstein .
Il Giro Del Giorno in 80 Mondi is an album by Italian jazz trumpeter and composert Enrico Rava recorded in 1972 and originally released in the International label and rereleased on the Italian Black Saint label in 1976 .
Strictly Turntablized is the second solo album from Japanese underground hip hop producer DJ Krush .
No Me Sé Rajar ( Eng . : I Do Not Know How to Give Up ) is a studio album released by the Mexican banda ensemble Banda el Recodo .
Corporate Pollution is the third album by Irish grunge band Paradox , released on March 15 , 2011 .
I Have No History is an album by Dar Williams , produced by Jeannie Deva .
Que País É Este ( subtitled 1978/1987 ) is the third studio album by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana .
Love ? is the seventh studio album by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez .
`` Who Shot Ya ? '' is a controversial hip - hop song by The Notorious B.I.G. , a B - side to his 1995 hit single , `` Big Poppa '' .
Go On ... was the third album by American pop band Mr. Mister .
The 3 Day Theory is the ninth solo studio album by rapper Killah Priest , released August 3 , 2010 through Man Bites Dog Records .
Heading for Tomorrow is the first studio album released by German metal band , Gamma Ray on 19 February 1990 by Noise Records .
`` Baby Good Night '' ( Korean : 잘자요 굿나잇 Jaljayo Good Night ; Japanese : おやすみ Good Night Oyasumi , Good Night ) , also known as Sleep Well , Good Night , is the third and lead single from the repackaged edition of B1A4 's album Ignition .
`` Pieces of Me '' is a song by American pop / rock singer Ashlee Simpson and the first single from her début album , Autobiography ( 2004 ) .
`` No One 's Gon na Love You '' is the second single from Band of Horses ' second album Cease to Begin , which was released on February 25 , 2008 .
Uma Outra Estação ( Portuguese for Yet Another Season ) is the eighth and last studio album by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana .
Mechanize is the seventh studio album by American heavy metal band Fear Factory .
Life , Love and Leaving is the second album by The Detroit Cobras , released 1 May 2001 ( see 2001 in music ) .
`` Maybe He 'll Know '' is the fifth and final single from American singer Cyndi Lauper 's album , True Colors , released only in Europe in 1987 .
Glassworks is a chamber music work of six movements by Philip Glass .
Du är det varmaste jag har is a 1978 Lill Lindfors studio album .
The Scarred People is the tenth studio album by Swedish gothic metal band Tiamat .
`` New World Man '' is a track from the 1982 album Signals by Canadian rock band Rush .
Honest Words is an EP by Scottish singer - songwriter King Creosote and English electronica musician Jon Hopkins , released on 19 September 2011 on Domino Records .
`` Professional Distortion '' is the first single from the Miss Kittin 's first solo album I Com .
`` Learning the Hard Way '' is a song by American power pop band Gin Blossoms , and was the lead - off single from their fourth album Major Lodge Victory .
`` Times of Your Life '' is a popular song and advertising jingle made famous in the 1970s by Canadian singer Paul Anka , who recorded it in 1975 for an album of the same title .
`` James Brown Is Dead '' is a song by Dutch electronic dance music duo L.A. Style .
Bookbinder 's Kid is a 1988 album by Elkie Brooks , the follow - up to her top five album No More the Fool .
`` Pjesma za kraj '' ( English translation : Song for the end ) is a pop song by the Croatian singer Franka Batelić , recorded for the Croatian selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 .
Twin Cinema is the third album by Canadian indie rock group The New Pornographers .
`` The Woman in You '' is one of five songs the Bee Gees contributed to the film , Staying Alive , the sequel to Saturday Night Fever .
`` Got Money '' is the third single by American rapper Lil Wayne 's sixth studio album , Tha Carter III ( 2008 ) .
`` Freeek ! '' is a single written and performed by British pop singer George Michael , and a remastered version called `` Freeek ! ' 04 '' was later featured on his album , Patience .
`` Super Freak '' is a 1981 single produced and performed by Rick James .
Gossip Candy is an extended play by Japanese recording artist and songwriter Kumi Koda .
Texican Badman is the 1980 release by country rock / bluegrass musician Peter Rowan .
Winged Serpent ( Sliding Quadrants ) is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded in Milan , Italy on October 22 - -24 , 1984 and released on the Soul Note label .
Aşktır Beni Güzel Yapan ( This is Love that Makes Me Beautiful ) is the name of a Turkish album by Asya .
`` Too Much to Do '' is the second single taken from Sparkadia 's debut album Postcards .
Wolf Pact is an album by Boyd Rice & Fiends ( in this collaboration , Douglas P. and Albin Julius ) .
The Power of Rock and Roll is a CD released by heavy metal band Helix in 2007 .
Directo En Tus Manos is the first live album released by Venezuelan singer - songwriter Carlos Baute .
Fiction Non - Fiction is the fourth album by Danish Industrial band Psychopomps .
`` Why We Thugs '' is the first official single on Ice Cube 's seventh album Laugh Now , Cry Later .
A Slice of the Top is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 18 , 1966 , but not released on the Blue Note label until 1979 .
`` Dirty Paws '' is a song written and recorded by Icelandic band Of Monsters and Men for their debut studio album , My Head Is an Animal .
Voyage to the Bottom of the Road is the sixth album released by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit in 1997 .
Defying the Rules is Hibria 's first album , released in 2004 .
`` Down for the One '' is the second single released by British soul singer , Beverley Knight .
The New You ! is the fourth album from London - based acid jazz band Corduroy , released in 1997 .
`` Friday I 'll Be Over U '' is a song by American recording artist and American Idol season eight finalist Allison Iraheta from her debut album , Just Like You .
We Walk from Safety is the second full - length studio album from post - hardcore band Repeater set to be released in August 2011 .
`` The Great Pretender '' is a popular song recorded by The Platters , with Tony Williams on lead vocals , and released as a single on November 3 , 1955 .
`` Just One Fix '' is the third single from industrial metal band Ministry 's 1992 album Psalm 69 :
`` Bouncin ' Back ( Bumpin ' Me Against the Wall ) '' was the lead single released from Mystikal 's fifth album , Tarantula .
`` Ahab the Arab '' is a novelty song written and recorded by Ray Stevens in 1962 .
Relax Edition 2 is the seventh studio album by Trance duo Blank & Jones .
Rough Harvest is a collection of alternate , acoustic arrangements of John Mellencamp 's favorite tracks , as well as several covers .
`` So Small '' is a song composed by singer Carrie Underwood , Hillary Lindsey and Luke Laird .
`` Ti Theloune Ta Matia Sou '' is a song by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi .
`` Blue Honey '' is the first single from debut full - length album by English musician Pop Levi and was released on September 4 , 2006 .
McDonald and Giles is an album of music released by British musicians Ian McDonald and Michael Giles in 1971 .
De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas is the first full - length studio album by the Norwegian black metal band Mayhem .
`` Love Train '' is a hit single by The O'Jays , written by Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff .
`` Workin ' for a Livin ' '' is a single by American rock band Huey Lewis and the News , released in 1982 .
Color the Cover ( stylized as Color The Cover ) is the second cover album by Kumi Koda , following her 2010 ETERNITY ~Love & Songs~.
Christmas in Vienna VI ( also known as Christmastime in Vienna ) is the seventh album in a series of Christmas concerts recorded in Vienna with Spanish tenor Plácido Domingo .
Let Me Up ( I 've Had Enough ) ( styled on the cover as `` Let Me Up ( I 've Had Enough ) '' with quotation marks ) is the seventh studio album by the American band Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers , released in 1987 .
`` The Potion '' is the third single from Ludacris ' fourth studio album , The Red Light District .
Geld oder Leben ! ( `` Your Money or Your Life ! '' ) is an album by the Austrian band Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung .
`` Oooh This I Need '' is the final single from American singer Elisa Fiorillo , released as the second single from her 1990 album I Am in early 1991 .
Slave of Satan is a single by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre .
Uncivilized Area is the 1998 release by the trance fusion band the Disco Biscuits .
`` October & April '' is a song by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus , featuring Anette Olzon from Nightwish .
Destination Anywhere is Jon Bon Jovi 's second solo album released June 17 , 1997 and features music from the film Destination Anywhere released in the same year .
Sweet Revival is the second album by American organist Ronnie Foster recorded in 1972 and released on the Blue Note label .
Living Targets is the third album from German punk rock band , Beatsteaks .
If'n is the second album by the American alternative rock band Firehose , released in 1987 .
Life Short Call Now is the 23rd studio album by Canadian singer / songwriter Bruce Cockburn .
The Eternal Dance is a compilation album by American R&B group Earth , Wind & Fire released on September 8 , 1992 , by Columbia / Legacy .
`` Superbeast '' is a promotional single off Rob Zombie 's solo debut , Hellbilly Deluxe .
Snarling at Strangers is a repackaged version of Smiling at Strangers , an Australian Hip Hop album by TZU .
`` Thank You for the Venom '' is the second single and ninth track from My Chemical Romance 's second studio album , Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge .
Tylko dla dorosłych ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˌtɨlkɔ dla dɔˈrɔswɨx ) , English : Only for adults ) is an album released by Polish rapper O.S.T.R. on February 26 , 2010 .
Midnight Lightning is a posthumous compilation album by American rock guitarist Jimi Hendrix .
Let 's Talk About Feelings is the fifth full - length album released by the punk rock band Lagwagon .
Mental Maintenance is a studio album by a Jamaican reggae singer , Konshens , released on March 6 in 2012 , under Subkonshus Music / VPAL in the U.S. This album was released on February 28 in Jamaica at first .
`` A - Punk '' is a single by indie rock band Vampire Weekend , released on February 28 , 2008 as the second single from their 2008 self - titled debut album .
Sva sreća general voli decu ( Such Good Fortune , The General Likes Children ) is the fifth studio album by the Serbian indie / alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by a Serbian independent record label B92 in 1999 .
Antidisestablishmetabolism is the first album released by the hip hop group Heiruspecs .
`` Crunk Muzik '' is a song by rapper Jim Jones from his On My Way to Church .
`` This Pretty Face '' is a 2010 single release by Scottish recording artist Amy Macdonald , released as the third single from her second studio album , A Curious Thing ( 2010 ) .
Shacktown Road is an album by Americana and folk musicians Norman Blake , Nancy Blake and Tut Taylor , released in 2007 .
`` Do n't You Worry Child '' is the sixth and final single released by Swedish electronic dance group Swedish House Mafia .
Everything Will Work Out Right is the debut album by Canadian singer and songwriter Morgan Finlay .
`` My Lighthouse '' is the first single by British band Pulp , released in 1983 and taken from the band 's debut album It .
`` I 'm Not Missing You '' is a pop / R&B song written by Keir `` KayGee '' Gist , Terence `` Tramp Baby '' Abney , Esteban Crandle , Tawanna Dabney , Balewa Muhammad and Orrico herself for Stacie Orrico 's third studio album Beautiful Awakening .
`` American Tune '' is a song written and first performed by Paul Simon .
`` An deiner Seite ( Ich bin da ) '' ( English : By Your Side ( I 'm here ) ) is the third single from the album Zimmer 483 from band Tokio Hotel .
`` LoveStoned '' ( also known as `` LoveStoned / I Think She Knows '' ) is a song recorded by American singer - songwriter Justin Timberlake for his second studio album , FutureSex / LoveSounds ( 2006 ) .
A Son de Guerra is the 11th studio album by Dominican singer - songwriter Juan Luis Guerra and was released on June 8 , 2010 by Capitol Latin .
Out Goin' Cattin ' is the third studio album by American country music band Sawyer Brown .
`` Barkhammer '' is a song by Australian hard rock / alternative metal band The Mark of Cain .
Straight Up Sewaside is the second album by the hip hop duo Das EFX .
My Favourite Headache ( also published as My Favorite Headache ) is the first ( and so far only ) solo album by Geddy Lee of the Canadian rock band Rush , released in 2000 .
A Genuine Rosmini is the second album by American folk guitarist Dick Rosmini , released in 1969 .
Domestica , also styled as Cursive 's Domestica , is the third studio album by the American indie rock band Cursive , released on June 20 , 2000 .
`` Reet Petite ( The Sweetest Girl in Town ) '' ( originally subtitled `` The Finest Girl You Ever Want to Meet '' ) is a song made popular by Jackie Wilson .
`` Time for Miracles '' is a power ballad by Adam Lambert .
`` Poor Tom '' is a song by English rock group Led Zeppelin , composed in 1970 by Robert Plant and Jimmy Page when they were staying at Bron - Yr - Aur , a small cottage in Wales , and was recorded at Olympic Studios in June 1970 .
30 by Ella is a 1968 ( see 1968 in music ) studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald .
Atomic Soul is Symphony X 's lead singer Russell Allen 's debut solo album .
The Dream of the Blue Turtles is the first solo album by English musician Sting , released in the United States on 1 June 1985 .
`` Yesterday , When I Was Mad '' is a single by English synthpop duo Pet Shop Boys released as the fifth and last single from their 1993 album Very .
Doot - Doot is the debut studio album by Freur and was released in 1983 .
`` Cold Sweat '' is a song performed by James Brown and written with his bandleader Alfred `` Pee Wee '' Ellis .
Salto Mortal ( English : Somersault ) is the debut studio album by Spanish electronic music group Fangoria .
Diabolic Symphony is the fifth album by the Swedish power metal band Steel Attack .
`` All I Got '' is a song by English singer - songwriter and musician Newton Faulkner from his debut studio album Hand Built by Robots ( 2007 ) .
`` Stick to Your Vision '' is the first single from Maestro 's fifth album , Built to Last , released in 1998 .
`` Run This Town '' is a song by American rapper Jay - Z. The song also features Barbadian singer Rihanna and American rapper Kanye West .
`` Til I Am Myself Again '' is a song written and recorded by Canadian country rock group Blue Rodeo .
Stone Letter is a single by the American experimental rock supergroup Tomahawk .
`` Lavanda '' ( Russian : Лава́нда - lavender ) is one of the major hits of Sofia Rotaru , a popular song for duet performance of 1985 .
`` Lonely Swedish ( The Bum Bum Song ) '' is a novelty song by Canadian comedian Tom Green , created in 1999 for The Tom Green Show .
The Mighty Death Pop ! is the twelfth studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse , released on August 14 , 2012 .
`` Last Train to London '' is the fifth track from the Electric Light Orchestra ( ELO ) album Discovery .
`` Stronger Woman '' is a song written by Marv Green and co - written and recorded by American recording artist Jewel .
Living with Ghosts is Patty Griffin 's debut album and was released on May 21 , 1996 .
They Do n't Teach This Shit in School is the debut album by Damien Dempsey released in 2000 on the Zincfence label .
`` Give Us a Goal '' is a single from English rock band Slade .
Requiem for Julius is the seventeenth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their fifth on the Justin Time label .
Come On Now Social is the seventh studio album by the Indigo Girls , released in 1999 .
`` Between Angels and Insects '' , also known by its working title of `` Obsession '' , is the third single from Californian rock band Papa Roach 's second album , Infest , and third released single in total .
`` Cry Like a Baby '' is a 1968 song written by Dan Penn and Spooner Oldham , and performed by The Box Tops .
`` Put Your Lights On '' is a single performed by Santana and Everlast on Santana 's album , Supernatural ( 1999 ) .
Clouds in My Head is the debut album by Norwegian jazz bassist and composer Arild Andersen recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label .
Low Ride is the 9th studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1983 .
Verliefd ( English : In Love ) is the fourth studio album by the Belgian girlgroup K3 .
Ordinary Fool is an album by Paul Williams , released in 1975 .
`` Wish You Would '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris , released September 2 , 2008 as the first promo single from his sixth studio album Theater of the Mind ( 2008 ) .
`` Untitled ( How Does It Feel ) '' is a song by American recording artist D'Angelo , released January 1 , 2000 on Virgin Records in the United States .
The Power of Failing is the first studio album from the emo band Mineral .
`` Per tutta la vita '' is the third single by Italian singer Noemi .
Greatest Hits , Etc . is the first greatest hits compilation album by American singer - songwriter Paul Simon , released in November 1977 by Columbia Records .
`` En qué estrella estará '' is the second official single from Nena Daconte from their debut Album He perdido los zapatos .
Back to the Centre is a 1985 album by Irish singer / songwriter Paul Brady , his fourth solo album .
The Illusion of Progress is the sixth studio album by American rock band Staind .
`` Thelo '' ( Greek : Θέλω ; English : I Want ) is a song by Greek singer Despina Vandi .
`` Love You Lately '' is the fifth single from Daniel Powter 's eponymous album , Daniel Powter .
Pulya+ Disk 1 ( Russian : Пуля+ ( Диск 1 ) , means ' Bullet+ ( Disc 1 ) ' ) is a re - released album of the Russian ska punk group Leningrad 's first album , Pulya , with additional tracks .
`` Things Have Changed '' is a song from the film Wonder Boys , written and performed by Bob Dylan and released as a single on May 1 , 2000 .
Remindstate is the a remixed version of Mindstate , the debut album by Dutch Hip - Hop duo Pete Philly and Perquisite .
`` Il me dit que je suis belle '' is a 1993 song recorded by the French singer Patricia Kaas .
Hymns from the Heart is the eleventh album and the second gospel album of singer Johnny Cash , released in 1962 ( see 1962 in music ) .
Missing Songs is a compilation album by the British indie rock band Maxïmo Park comprising B - sides and demos previously available only on British released singles .
Lilah Morgan is a fictional character from the television series Angel , played by Stephanie Romanov .
Who Touched My Violin String ( 谁动了我的琴弦 ) is the first studio album from Chinese singer and songwriter Zhou Bichang , released on August 12 , 2006 .
Happiness Was Free is the 1976 album by the pioneer British Folk musician Wizz Jones .
`` Hyperballad '' ( also known as `` ' Hyper - Ballad '' ) is the fourth single from the studio album Post by Icelandic recording artist Björk .
`` Teddybjörnen Fredriksson '' ( Fredriksson , the Teddy bear ) is a Swedish children 's song by Lasse Berghagen who wrote it in 1969 to his 3-year - old daughter Malin .
As the Light Does the Shadow is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian funeral doom band Funeral .
Trio Music Live in Europe is a live album by pianist Chick Corea with bassist Miroslav Vitous and drummer Roy Haynes recorded in Switzerland in 1984 and released on the ECM label .
Desnúdate Mujer is the 2004 song released by popular Spanish singer David Bisbal .
Unmistakable is the third studio album from Canadian country music artist Beverley Mahood .
`` Come se non fosse stato mai amore '' is a song recorded by Italian singer Laura Pausini and released on 25 March 2005 as the third single from her 2004 's album Resta in ascolto .
Toy Ride , Toy - Box 's second album , was released on July 28 , 2001 .
Il Cuore A Modo Mio ( translated as ' The Proper Heart Of Mine ' ) is the sixth studio album by Alexia released in Italy on 7 March 2003 ( Sony Code 511054 ) .
Hummie Mann ( Born October 29 , 1955 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a two - time Emmy award - winning American film score composer .
Daniel Gildenlöw ( born in Eskilstuna , June 5 , 1973 ) is a Swedish musician and songwriter .
Marco Ferruzzi ( born October 15 , 1970 in San Antonio , Texas ) is an American soccer coach who is currently the assistant coach of FC Dallas .
Edward Próchniak ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈɛdvart ˈpruxɲak ) ; 4 December 1888 , Puławy - 21 August 1937 ) was a leading Polish communist purged by Stalin .
Born in Boston , Richard Barnet was raised in Brookline .
Thom Brennan ( born May 31 , 1957 in Lubbock , Texas ) is an American electronic ambient musician , composer and synthesist .
Trinley Thaye Dorje ( Tibetan : ཕྲིན་ལས་མཐའ་ཡས་རྡོ་རྗེ་ , Wylie : Phrin - las Mtha'-yas Rdo - rje ) ( born 6 May 1983 in Lhasa ) is a claimant to the title of 17th Karmapa .
Johann von Dumreicher , fully Johann Heinrich Georg Freiherr Dumreicher von Österreicher ( 13 January 1815 , Trieste -- 16 November 1880 , Januševec , near Zagreb ) was an Austrian surgeon .
Vladislav Badiarov ( born 1973 in Nalchik , Russia ) is a Russian - Mexican violinist .
Bruno Kernen ( born 1 July 1972 in Thun , Canton of Bern ) is a Swiss alpine ski racer .
Karl Christian Traugott Friedemann Goebel ( 21 February 1794 , Niederroßla -- 26 May 1851 , Dorpat ) was a German pharmacist and chemist .
Vincenzo Brenna , son of Francesco , was born in 1747 in Florence ( 19th - century sources list him as a native of Rome , perhaps due to his signature Del cavalier Brenna Romano ) .
Carolyn Cowan ( born 1960 ) is a London - based psychosexual and relationship therapist .
Arsalan Nami ( Persian : ارسلان نامی‎‎ ) ( born May 21 , 1984 in Shiraz ) better known as Arsi Nami , is a Persian - Swedish singer , songwriter , music therapist , actor and philanthropist living in Los Angeles , California .
Bryan Leung Kar - yan ( born 20 January 1949 ) is a Hong Kong film and television actor and film director who has played roles in numerous acclaimed martial arts films .
Alberto Tomba was born in Bologna and raised in Castel de Britti , a village in the municipality of San Lazzaro di Savena -- an area without strong alpine traditions , but not far from the appenninic piste of Monte Cimone and Corno alle Scale .
Andrei Herghelegiu ( born 21 March 1992 in Iași ) is a Romanian football player who plays for Universitatea Craiova as a winger or a striker .
Joey Beltram ( born September 2 , 1971 in Queens , New York City , United States ) is an American DJ and record producer , best known for the pioneering recordings `` Energy Flash '' and `` Mentasm '' .
Dorothy Koomson ( born 1971 in London ) is a contemporary English novelist .
Marek Leśniak ( born 29 February 1964 in Goleniów ) is a retired Polish footballer who played as a striker , and the current coach of TuSpo Richrath .
Chris Henry Coffey ( born May 1 , 1971 in Green Bay , Wisconsin ) is an American - born actor , best known for his role as a pedophile in the 2011 David Schwimmer - directed film Trust .
Marco Marzano ( born 10 June 1980 in Cuggiono , Milan ) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 2005 and 2012 .
Joe Vescovi ( Savona 1 - 1 - 1949 . S.Benedetto del Tronto 28 - 11 - 2014 ) was an Italian progressive rock keyboard player , considered as one of the prominent musicians of the 1970s Italian progressive rock scene , best known for his work in band The Trip and Dik Dik .
Arliss Ryan ( born July 24 , 1950 in Detroit , Michigan ) is an American novelist and short story writer and essayist .
Derek Lee Nixon was born in San Antonio , Texas , he graduated from Churchill High School in 2001 .
Milan Radonjić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Радоњић ) , better known as Milan Tarot , born on 11 April 1973 in Belgrade , SFR Yugoslavia , is a known TV personality , comedian , satirist and tarot card reader in the Balkan region .
Amy Sterling Casil ( born 1962 in Los Angeles , California ) is a Southern California science fiction writer .
Born in Oldenburg , Rena Niehaus was a minor star in 1970s Italian genre cinema , also appearing in several important `` auteur '' films as Alberto Lattuada 's Cuore di cane and Eriprando Visconti 's La Orca and later , Oedipus Orca .
Jack Buckland was born in 1864 in Sydney , the eldest child of William Wilberforce Buckland and Harriet Emmeline Hopkins .
Chief Mungo Martin or Nakapenkem ( lit . Potlatch chief `` ten times over '' ) , Datsa ( lit . `` grandfather '' ) , was an important figure in Northwest Coast style art , specifically that of the Kwakwaka'wakw Aboriginal people who live in the area of British Columbia and Vancouver Island .
Ron Pember ( born 11 April 1934 , Plaistow , London ) is a British actor , stage director and dramatist , best known for his role as Alain Muny in the 1970s BBC drama series Secret Army .
Jorge Basadre was born to Carlos Basadre Forero and Olga Grohmann Pividal in Tacna , which was then under Chilean occupation .
Bruno Kramm ( born in Munich -- October 13 , 1967 ) is a German musician , known for programming , playing synthesizers and keyboards , co - fronting and performing backup vocals for the electro - industrial duo Das Ich , alongside Stefan Ackermann .
Brian Webber ( December 19 , 1967 ) is an American actor from Birmingham , Alabama .
Borghese Petrucci was an Italian politician , who ruled Siena from 1512 to 1516 .
Héctor Marcelo Buquet Corleto ( born October 4 , 1963 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan actor and former model .
The 1900 census indicates that Bessie Smith was born in Chattanooga , Tennessee , in July 1892 , a date provided by her mother .
Akihiko Nakamura ( Japanese : 中村 明彦 ; born 23 October 1990 in Nagoya ) is a Japanese decathlete and occasional hurdler .
Martin Ernst von Schlieffen ( 30 October 1732 in Pudenzig , Pomerania -- 15 February 1825 near Heiligenrode ) was a German general , politician , writer and garden architect .
André Bahia was born and raised in the Tijuca area of Rio de Janeiro .
John Bradshaw Crandell was born in Glens Falls , New York in 1896 , son of Hubert Lee and Vira ( Mills ) Crandell .
Onnik Chifte - Saraf was born Hovhannes Abisoghomian Aspet in the Istanbul suburb of Uskudar .
Bob Gansler ( born July 1 , 1941 in Mucsi , Hungary ) is a Hungarian - born American soccer player and coach of German descent .
Chantal Meek ( born 19 December 1978 in Kent , England ) is an English - born Australian sprint canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s .
Francine Jordi ( born Francine Lehmann , 24 June 1977 , in Worb , Canton of Bern ) is a Swiss pop singer .
Grosvenor Atterbury ( July 7 , 1869 Detroit , MI -- October 18 , 1956 Southampton , NY ) was an American architect , urban planner and writer .
Michal Krajník ( born 5 April 1988 in Snina ) , is a former Slovak football player who recently played for 1 .
Melinda Wagner ( born 1957 in Philadelphia ) is a US composer , and winner of the 1999 Pulitzer Prize in music .
Samantha Cristoforetti ( Italian pronunciation : ( saˈmanta kristofoˈrɛtti ) ; born 26 April 1977 in Milan ) is an Italian European Space Agency astronaut , Italian Air Force pilot and engineer .
Boris Porena ( Rome , 27 September 1927 ) is an Italian thinker , music composer and didactical expert .
Adrianna Lamalle ( born September 27 , 1982 ) is a French hurdler born in Les Abymes , Guadeloupe .
Keith Makubuya ( born January 26 , 1993 in St. Catharines , Ontario ) is a Canadian soccer player , currently playing for Niagara United of the Canadian Soccer League .
Charlie Connelly ( born 22 August 1970 , London , England ) is an author of popular non - fiction books .
George Rice Carpenter was born at the Eskimo River Mission Station on the Labrador Coast where his parents were engaged in pioneer missionary service .
Mircea Oprea ( born 20 April 1980 in Sibiu ) is a Romanian football player , currently under contract with Unirea Alba Iulia .
Cyril Clarke was born on 22 August 1907 in Leicester , England and received his school education at Wyggeston Grammar School for Boys , Leicester and at the independent Oundle School near Peterborough .
Jane Frances de Chantal was born in Dijon , France , on 28 January 1572 , the daughter of the royalist president of the Parliament of Burgundy .
Ryan Jack ( born 27 February 1992 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Aberdeen .
Born in Nackenheim in Rhenish Hesse , he was the son of Amalie ( née Goldschmidt ) and Carl Zuckmayer .
Daniel Rocco ( born 26 February 1983 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays for the Melbourne Knights in the Victorian Premier League .
Anne Provoost was born in the Belgian town of Poperinge .
Commanding general of the New Jersey militia during the Revolutionary War , a delegate to the Continental Congress , and a U.S. Senator , Philemon Dickinson was born at `` Crosiadore , '' near Trappe , Maryland on April 5 , 1739 , a younger brother of Founding Father John Dickinson .
Đỗ Mỹ Linh ( b. Hanoi , August 19 , 1975 ) , who uses the stagename Mỹ Linh , is a Vietnamese pop singer .
Virgil Suárez ( born 1962 , Havana , Cuba ) is a poet and novelist .
Lucie Englisch ( February 8 , 1902 in Baden bei Wien -- October 12 , 1965 ) was an Austrian actress .
Andy LeMaster is an American singer - songwriter and producer / engineer from Athens , Georgia .
Bedřich Bloudek was born on 24 March 1815 in Křižanov and started a career in the Austrian Army .
Otto Stadie was born in Berlin , where he completed his early schooling and then trained as a nurse in a clinic for venereal disease in the city .
Federica Mogherini was born on 16 June 1973 in Rome , Italy , to the family of the film director and set designer Flavio Mogherini ( 1922 - -1994 ) .
Baron Léon de Witte de Haelen , born Léon de Witte ( 12 January 1857 in Ixelles -- 15 July 1933 in Meer ) , was a Belgian army officer and general who served during World War I. He is particularly known for commanding the Belgian Cavalry Division at the Battle of Haelen in 1914 .
Nebojša Novaković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Небојша Новаковић , born 29 October 1964 in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian - born Swedish former football player of Serbian ethnicity .
Xavier was born in the city of Pedro Leopoldo , State of Minas Gerais and is popularly known as `` Chico Xavier '' ( Chico is the Portuguese nickname for Francisco ) .
Guy Fréquelin ( born 2 April 1945 at Langres ) is a former French rally and sports car driver .
Sydney James Van Pelt ( born 1 February 1908 in Melbourne ; † 7 January 1976 ) was an Australian medical doctor and pioneer of modern medical hypnosis and hypnotherapy as well as President of the British Society of Medical Hypnotists ( for life ) .
Muhammet Akagündüz , nicknamed Aka , ( born January 11 , 1978 in Bingöl ) is a Turkish - born Austrian footballer .
Azize Erdoğan was born in the western Turkish city of Aydın on August 5 , 1996 .
Izzaq Faris Ramlan ( born 18 April 1990 , in Kemaman , Terengganu ) , is a Malaysian footballer who currently playing for Terengganu FA as a Striker .
Ernest Emerson was born on March 7 , 1955 in northern Wisconsin .
Sonatane Takulua ( born 11 January 1991 in Lapaha , Tonga ) is a professional rugby union footballer at Aviva Premiership side Newcastle Falcons , joining them in February 2015 from the Blues on a 15-month contract .
Tanja Fajon graduated in journalism at the Faculty of Political and Social Sciences , University of Ljubljana .
Saheed Osupa was born into a music - loving family in Ibadan , the capital of Oyo State but grew up in Ajegunle , Lagos State .
Adi Rocha Sobrinho Filho ( born 15 December 1985 in Riachão , Maranhão ) , commonly known as Adi Rocha or simply Adi , is a Brazilian footballer .
Donavon Frankenreiter ( born December 10 , 1972 in Downey , California ) is an American musician and surfer .
Brandon Scott Sessoms , best known as B. Scott ( born March 21 , 1981 in Franklin , Virginia ) is an American television personality , radio show host and internet celebrity who is known for his YouTube videoblogs and website LoveBScott.com .
Srđan Srdić ( born 3 November 1977 in Kikinda ) is a novelist , short - story writer , editor , essayist and creative reading / writing teacher .
Police Major Natee Thongsookkaew ( Thai นที ทองสุขแก้ว ; born 8 December 1966 in Uttaradit ) is a Thai former footballer .
Jacques Novi ( born 18 July 1946 in Bellegarde , Gard ) , most commonly called Jacky Novi is a French former professional football player .
Mac McDonald ( born Terence McDonald , 18 June 1949 , in Long Island , New York , United States ) is an American actor .
Gerald Nye ( whose first name was pronounced with a hard `` G '' ) , was born in Hortonville , Wisconsin to Irwin Raymond Nye and Phoebe Ella Nye ( née Prentice ) .
Rachel Constantine ( born 1973 ) is a Philadelphia - based realist / impressionist painter .
Albert Walder ( born 9 November 1957 in Toblach ) was an Italian cross country skier who competed from 1985 to 1988 .
Gunilla Gerland , born 1963 in Stockholm , is an author , lecturer and debater on the topic of Asperger syndrome .
Stanley Mazor is an American engineer who was born on 22 October 1941 in Chicago , Illinois .
Igor Radović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Радовић ; born 26 January 1978 in Nikšić ) is a Montenegrin footballer currently playing for FK Bačka Bačka Palanka .
Michael Harrington was born in St. Louis , Missouri , on February 24 , 1928 , to an Irish - American family .
Mei - mei Berssenbrugge ( Chinese : 白萱华 ; pinyin : Bái Xuānhuá ; born October 5 , 1947 Beijing , China ) is a contemporary poet .
John Cornelius Butler ( July 2 , 1887 in Buffalo -- August 13 , 1953 in Buffalo ) was a member of the United States House of Representatives , from New York .
Antônio Gonçalves Teixeira e Sousa was born in Cabo Frio , in 1812 , to Portuguese Manuel Gonçalves and black Ana Teixeira de Jesus .
Tim Keurntjes ( born 13 March 1991 ) in Doetinchem is a Dutch football ( soccer ) player who plays as a left back for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Vanni Fucci di Pistoia is a minor character in Inferno , the first part of Dante Alighieri 's epic poem the Divine Comedy , appearing in Cantos 24 and 25 .
Victor Schiøler was born , and died , in Copenhagen .
Antonio Imerti ( Villa San Giovanni , August 22 , 1946 ) , also known as `` Nanu feroce '' ( `` fierce dwarf '' ) , is an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta , the Calabrian mafia .
Mariella Mehr ( born December 27 , 1947 in Zürich ) is a Swiss writer .
William Cumberland Cruikshank ( 1745 , Edinburgh -- 27 June 1800 ) was a British chemist and anatomist .
Roscoe Conkling Bruce was born on 21 April 1879 in Washington , D.C. , the only son of U.S. Senator Blanche Bruce and his wife Josephine Beall Willson Bruce .
Júlia Báthory was born in 1901 in Budapest into an aristocratic family .
Ekaterina Aleksandrovna Vasilieva ( Russian : Екатерина Александровна Васильева , born May 30 , 1976 in Moscow ) is a Russian water polo player , who won the bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics . Now she plays in Rari Nantes Bologna .
Daniel Kreutzfeldt ( born 19 November 1987 , in Roskilde ) is a Danish track cyclist .
Nicole Reinhardt ( born January 2 , 1986 in Lampertheim , Hesse ) is a German sprint canoer who competed since 2003 .
Tommy Callaghan ( born 6 December 1945 in Cowdenbeath ) is a Scottish former football player , who played for Celtic , Dunfermline Athletic , and Clydebank .
Jamel Shabazz ( born in Brooklyn , New York ) is an African American , fashion , fine art , and documentary photographer .
Patrick Meek was born November 10 , 1985 in the Chicago suburb of Evanston , Illinois into a family of avid speed skaters .
His full name was Inácio de Azevedo d'Athayde e Abreu Malafaya and he was born in Porto from a wealthy family , being the eldest son of Dom Manuel de Azevedo and Dona Francisca de Abreu .
Murray Neil Comrie AO , APM ( born 10 March 1935 in Ballarat , Victoria ) , known as Neil Comrie , is a former Australian police officer .
Robert Heger ( 19 August 1886 -- 14 January 1978 ) was a German conductor and composer from Strasbourg , Alsace - Lorraine .
Joseph McMillan Johnson ( 1912 - -1990 ) was a leading Hollywood art director born in Los Angeles .
Ingo Appelt ( born 11 December 1961 in Innsbruck ) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed from the late 1980s to early 1992 .
Jean Kerr ( July 10 , 1922 -- January 5 , 2003 ) was an Irish - American author and playwright born in Scranton , Pennsylvania , and best known for her humorous bestseller , Please Do n't Eat the Daisies , and the plays King of Hearts and Mary , Mary .
Oliver Stritzel ( born 9 March 1957 ) is a German actor and voice actor from Berlin .
Pekka Kuusisto ( born 7 October 1976 in Espoo ) is a Finnish musician .
Edward John Clifton Parker was born on 5 February 1905 in London , the youngest son of a bank manager .
Toni Rüttimann , ( Pontresina , 21 August 1967 ) is a Swiss bridge builder who works in Southeast Asia and in Latin America , where he is known as Toni el Suizo ( Toni the Swiss ) .
Melvin Nieves Ramos ( born December 28 , 1971 in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) is a former professional baseball outfielder .
Darius Harrison , better known as Deezle , is an American record producer who was born and raised in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Shaun Pearce ( born 13 December 1969 in Reading , Berkshire ) is a British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s .
Mario Bilate ( born 16 July 1991 in Moscow ) is a Russian - born Dutch professional footballer who last played as a striker for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership .
Bill Haugland is a Canadian journalist and former news anchor for CFCF - TV in Montreal , Quebec .
Samoëla began writing compositions in 1996 and gave his first performance that year at the Alliance Francaise in Antananarivo , followed by concerts at numerous other cultural centers across the island .
Mbemba Sylla ( born 14 July 1982 in Conakry ) is a Guineean footballer who currently plays in Indonesia Premier League at PSIR Rembang .
Andrew Hamilton Russell , known as Guy to his family , was born on 23 February 1868 at Napier , New Zealand , the oldest son of a farmer and his wife .
Agee was born in Knoxville , Tennessee , at Highland Avenue and 15th Street , which was renamed James Agee Street in 1999 , in what is now the Fort Sanders neighborhood to Hugh James Agee and Laura Whitman Tyler .
Robert Edmond Grant MD FRCPEd FRS ( 1793 - -1874 ) was born in Edinburgh and educated at Edinburgh University as a physician .
Arno Jordaan born in Port Elizabeth is a South African pop singer singing in Afrikaans .
Jacob Bellaert ( born in Zierikzee ) was an early Dutch publisher who produced seventeen books in Haarlem from 1483 to 1486 .
By receiving her license on March 4 , 2003 , Reyhan Şeker began football playing at the club Gazi Üniversitesispor in Ankara , where she was born .
Nahum Slouschz was born in Smarhon '' and raised in Odessa .
LaFarr Stuart ( born July 6 , 1934 in Clarkston , Utah ) , now retired , was an early computer music pioneer , computer engineer and member of the Homebrew Computer Club .
Archer Taylor ( August 1 , 1890 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was a seminal proverb and riddle scholar and folklorist .
Asbury Bascom Davidson ( born November 13 , 1855 , in Lincoln County , Tennessee ; died February 4 , 1920 ) served as Lieutenant Governor of Texas from January 15 , 1907 , to January 21 , 1913 .
Monica Porter ( born in Budapest ) is a London - based journalist who , in both articles and books , has often written about her Hungarian émigré family background .
Bekim Dema ( born 30 March 1993 in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is an Albanian football player from Macedonia who currently plays for Skënderbeu Korçë in the Albanian Superliga .
Willi Behnisch ( born 1956 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine cinematographer , film director , and screenplay writer .
Markus Kattner ( Bayreuth , 24 September 1970 ) is a German - Swiss football administrator .
Pierre Camara ( born 10 September 1965 in Castres , Tarn ) is a retired French triple jumper , best known for his triple jump gold medal at the 1993 World Indoor Championships .
Beka Gotsiridze ( born 21 February 1988 in Tbilisi , Georgian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a footballer , currently playing for Merani Martvili .
Toi Derricotte ( pronounced DARE - ah - cot ) ( born April 12 , 1941 in Hamtramck , Michigan ) is an American poet and a professor of writing at University of Pittsburgh .
Connelly was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the second oldest child of W. Michael Connelly , a property developer , and Mary Connelly , a homemaker .
Brian Purcell ( 23 November 1938 -- 20 January 1969 ) was a Welsh professional footballer who played for Swansea City between 1959 and 1968 , making 165 league appearances .
Nicki Chapman ( born 14 January 1967 , Herne Bay , Kent , England ) is an English television presenter who also works in the British pop music industry .
Edgar Pêra studied Psychology , but switched to Film at the Portuguese National Conservatory , presently Lisbon Theatre and Film School ( Escola Superior de Teatro e Cinema ) .
Arthur L. Aidala ( born 1967 in Brooklyn , New York ) , currently a New York criminal defense lawyer and legal analyst on Fox News Channel where he appears on various day - time and prime - time programs .
Val McLane ( born 25 February 1943 , in Newcastle upon Tyne , Northumberland ) is an English actress , scriptwriter , director and teacher .
Jenő Károly ( 15 January 1886 -- 28 July 1926 ) was a Hungarian footballer and later manager born in Budapest .
Craig Cranmer ( born 21 February 1968 , in Johnstone ) is a former Scottish footballer .
His nickname , Poliziano , by which he is chiefly identified to the present day , was derived from the Latin name of his birthplace , Montepulciano ( Mons Politianus ) .
Laurence Pomeroy was born in London and after leaving school started a four - year engineering course at the East London Technical College as a Whitworth Exhibitioner and at the same time became a railway engineering apprentice at the North London Locomotive Works at Bow .
A native of Kanpur , the most populous city in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , Haseena Moin received her early education in her ancestral region and , after the independence of Pakistan in 1947 , migrated with her family to Pakistan .
Ben Cramer ( born Ben Kramer , 17 February 1947 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch singer , known for his participation in the 1973 Eurovision Song Contest .
Barbara Stöckl ( born 2 April 1963 in Vienna ) is an Austrian television and radio presenter .
Jason Lehning ( born April 14 , 1972 ) is an American producer , composer , musician and mixer / engineer living in Nashville , Tennessee .
Robert Stadler is an Austrian designer , born in 1966 in Vienna .
Chris McGarry ( born August 19 , 1966 ) is an American actor born in Roselle , New Jersey , known for his performance in the American television series Law & Order on NBC from 2001 - -2005 .
Kate Tsui Tsz - shan ( Chinese : 徐子珊 ) is a Hong Kong actress , who is best known for her work with Television Broadcasts Limited ( TVB ) , and to an extent , for her film work .
Antoine - Jean Saint - Martin was born in Paris on 17 January 1791 , the son of a tradesman .
Laurent Korcia is a French violinist who studied at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris .
Freedom Neruda ( born as Tiéti Roch d'Assomption , 15 August 1956 , Duékoué , Côte d’Ivoire ) is an Ivorian journalist .
Juan José Borrelli ( born 8 November 1970 in San Isidro , Buenos Aires ) is a former Argentine footballer and one of the most known Argentine footballers that played in Greece ( along with Juan Ramón Rocha ) .
Éric Di Meco ( born 7 September 1963 in Avignon , Vaucluse ) is a French retired footballer who played as a left back .
David Lilly ( born 14 January 1986 in Coatbridge ) is a Scottish footballer who played in the United Soccer Leagues .
Trevor Grimshaw ( 1947 in Hyde , Cheshire -- 2001 ) was an English artist whose main subject is the northern industrial town landscape as it used to be .
Cher Lloyd was raised in Malvern , Worcestershire , with her parents Darren and Diane and her three younger siblings , Sophie , Josh , and Rosie .
Frank P. Treanor ( May 11 , 1855 in New York City -- August 9 , 1933 in Monument Beach , Barnstable County , Massachusetts ) was an American businessman and politician from New York .
Ilias Haddad ( born 1 March 1989 , Dordrecht ) is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a centre back .
Brandyn Dombrowski ( born April 3 , 1985 in Buffalo , New York ) is a professional American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent .
Andrew McCollum ( born September 4 , 1983 in California ) is a co - founder of Facebook and an angel investor .
Alberto Castagnetti ( 3 February 1943 , Verona - 12 October 2009 ) was an Italian swimming coach and freestyle swimmer .
Ludmila Javorová ( born 1932 , Brno ) is a Czech Roman Catholic woman who worked in the underground church during the time of communist rule in Czechoslovakia and served as a vicar general of a clandestine bishop .
Paul Levi was born 11 March 1883 in Hechingen in Hohenzollern Province to a well - to - do Jewish merchant family .
Claudia Coffey graduated with honors from Assumption High School in Louisville , Kentucky .
James Hipwood was born in Sydney in 1842 , the son of William Hooper Hipwood and Mary Ann ( née Hayes ) .
Franklin Loufrani ( born October 25 , 1942 in Algiers , Algeria ) is the French President of the Smiley Company , which owns the trademark and copyright of the Smiley face and name in many countries .
Alessandro Petacchi ( born 3 January 1974 in La Spezia , Liguria ) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist , who last rode for the Southeast--
Clement Bissong ( born 29 September 1983 in Calabar , Cross River State ) is a football striker who plays for Dynamos .
Manfred Honeck ( born 17 September 1958 in Nenzing ) is an Austrian conductor , the son of Otto and Frieda Honeck , from a family of nine children .
Adolphus Hailstork ( born Adolphus Cunningham Hailstork III , Rochester , New York , April 17 , 1941 ) is an American composer and educator .
Clodoaldo de Oliveira ( born March 19 , 1974 in Ernestina , Rio Grande do Sul ) is a Brazilian footballer currently a free agent He known as Ernestina or Oliveira .
Rita Clay Estrada ( born July 31 , 1941 in Michigan , US ) is an US writer of romance novels as Rita Clay , Tira Lacy and Rita Clay Estrada , she also wrote non - fiction books about writing romance novels .
He was the second child and only son of Charles Boner , of Bath , Somerset , who died at Twickenham , 14 Aug. 1833 , and was born at Weston , near Bath , 29 April 1815 .
Gary Fitzpatrick ( born 5 August 1971 in Birmingham ) is a footballer who plays for Rushall Olympic .
Cesare Ambrosini ( born 31 March 1990 in Erba ) is an Italian footballer who plays for and captains Serie B side Como .
Nigel Roebuck ( born in 1946 , in Manchester , Lancashire , England ) is an English journalist .
Ahn Jae - wook spent most of his childhood in his hometown , the district of Donam - dong in Seoul , before graduating from Seoul Institute of the Arts , where he majored in theater .
Lori Saunders ( born Linda Marie Hines on October 4 , 1941 in Kansas City , Missouri ) is an American film and television actress , probably best known for her role as Bobbie Jo Bradley in the television series Petticoat Junction ( 1965 - -1970 ) .
Jacky Mathijssen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈdʒɛ.ki mɑ.ˈtɛi̯.sə(n ) ) ) ( born 20 July 1963 in Dilsen - Stokkem ) is a Belgian former football player and currently manager who is currently unemployed after last being in charge of OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League .
Socrates was born in Alopeke , and belonged to the tribe Antiochis .
Boubaker Ayadi ( Arabic : أبوبكر العيادي‎ ) also spelled Aboub - baker Al - Ayadi ( born March 6 , 1949 in Jendouba ) is a Tunisian author .
Bálint Vécsei ( born 13 July 1993 , in Miskolc ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Italian - side Bologna .
Rhoda Haas Goldman ( 1924 -- February 17 , 1996 ) was an American philanthropist in San Francisco , California .
Jimmy Ghaichem ( born 11 April 1984 in Sheffield ) is an English footballer , who plays for Afc Mansfield .
Žarko Belada ( Cyrillic : Жapкo Бeлaдa , born 10 June 1977 ) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for FK Cetinje .
Anna Åström ( 5 November 1990 ) is a Swedish actress born in Gråbo outside of Lerum .
Alex Hughes ( born Solihull , 22 April 1971 ) is an English freelance cartoonist , caricaturist and illustrator , whose work is published in Tribune and has been used in PC Pro , Red Pepper and by the BBC 's The Midlands at Westminster and Five 's Live With Christian O'Connell .
Halim Medaci ( Arabic : حليم مداسي‎ ) ( born April 20 , 1983 in Nanterre ) is an Algerian footballer .
Julian Cheung Chi - lam ( born 27 August 1971 ) , better known as Chilam , is a Hong Kong singer and actor .
Laurent Desbiens ( born September 16 , 1969 , Mons - en - Barœul ) was a French cyclist between 1992 and 2001 .
Zoltán Gál ( born 23 January 1940 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian politician , who served as Interior Minister for a short time in 1990 before the first parliamentary elections .
Nicola Rosini Di Santi ( born in 1959 in Santeramo in Colle , Italy ) is a French sculptor and painter .
Hilary Thayer Hamann ( born November 7 , 1962 , in New York City ) is an American author .
Nora Lam was born September 4 , 1932 in a missionary hospital in Beijing , China .
Basanta Kumar Biswas was born on 6th February 1895 at Poragacha in Nadia district of West Bengal , to Matilal and Kunjabala Biswas .
Gabriel von Wayditch ( 28 December 1888 , Budapest -- 28 July 1969 New York ) was a Hungarian - American composer whose output consisted primarily of 14 grand operas .
Gaëtan Courtet ( born 22 February 1989 in Lorient ) is a French footballer who plays for French club AJ Auxerre in Ligue 2 .
Brett James Cornelius was born June 5 , 1968 in Columbia , Missouri to the late Carolyn and Dr . Sam Cornelius , graduating from Christian Heritage Academy high - school in Del City , Oklahoma in 1986 .
Ihar Tarlowski ( Belarusian : Ігар Тарлоўскі ; Russian : Игорь Викторович Тарловский ; born 21 September 1974 in Minsk ) is a Belarusian professional football coach and former player .
Pepijn Veerman ( born 6 Maart 1992 in Roosendaal ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for AFC in the Dutch Topklasse .
Franz von Reber ( 10 November 1834 in Cham , Bavaria -- 1919 ) was a German art historian .
Carey Torrice ( born 13 February 1986 in Detroit , Michigan as Carey Shawn DeJaeghere ) is a politician from Macomb County , Michigan .
Manoel Segundo Jardim Júnior ( born 12 August 1990 in São Bernardo do Campo ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Thomas Fehlmann ( born 1957 in Zürich ) , is a Swiss - born composer / producer who currently lives in Berlin , and has been active in electronic music as far back as the 1980s .
David Bostice ( born April 3 , 1972 , in Los Angeles , California ) is an American heavyweight boxer .
Angelo Mattea ( 21 October 1892 -- 1960 ) was an Italian football player and manager from Santhià in the Province of Vercelli .
Mick Kearin ( born 1945 in Kildare ) is a former Irish football player who mainly played as a wing - half , after starting his career as a forward .
Ahad Israfil ( born 1973 ) is a man from Dayton , Ohio , known for his remarkable recovery from a gunshot injury that destroyed most of one of his cerebral hemispheres .
Anja Jacobs ( born 1974 in Itzehoe ) is a German Film director .
Jean - Paul Jeunet was born in Arbois in the department of Jura in a family of hotel owners and restaurateurs .
Robert Crittenden was born near Versailles , Kentucky , in the Bluegrass Region , into a political family .
Walery Sławekwas born on November 2 , 1879 into an impoverished szlachta family , in the village of Strutynka near Nemyriv , Podolia , Russian Empire .
Brad Fraser ( born June 28 , 1959 , Edmonton , Alberta ) is a Canadian playwright , screenwriter and cultural commentator .
Ferenc Gyurcsány was born in Pápa , Hungary into an impoverished middle - class family as the only son of Ferenc Gyurcsány , Sr . and Katalin Varga .
Imre Kónya ( born 3 May 1947 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian politician and lawyer , who served as Interior Minister between 1993 and 1994 , in the cabinet of Péter Boross .
Charles Reade was born at Ipsden , Oxfordshire , to John Reade and Anne Marie Scott - Waring , and had at least one brother .
Richard Royal Alexander is an attorney and politician in his native Shreveport , Louisiana , who in 2007 was the Republican - endorsed candidate for state attorney general .
Iain Gale was born in 1959 in central London , to Scottish parents .
Børre Næss ( born 23 January 1982 in Kongsberg ) is a Norwegian cross - country skier who has competed since 2002 .
Brian McAllister ( born 30 November 1970 in Glasgow ) is a former Scottish footballer who played for Wimbledon and the Scotland national team .
Valerie Toranian was born in Suresnes , France , to a French mother from Normandy and a Armenian father in 1962 .
Gyula Nagy ( born 7 April 1924 in Szob ) , also referred to as Jules Nagy , is a former Hungarian footballer and manager .
Sabrina Cakmakli ( born November 25 , 1994 in Immenstadt i m Allgäu ) is a German freestyle skier , specializing in halfpipe and slopestyle .
José Daniel Ponce ( born 26 June 1962 in Godoy Cruz ) is a former Argentine football ( soccer ) player , who was part of the Estudiantes de La Plata team that won two back - to - back championships in 1982 and 1983 .
Nina Zilli was born on 2 February 1980 in Piacenza , Italy , and she grew up in Gossolengo , nine kilometers southwest of Piacenza , from an Emilian father and an Apulian mother .
Liv Kjersti Bergman ( born Liv Kjersti Eikeland ; 20 March 1979 in Bergen ) is a former Norwegian biathlete .
Tivadar Nachéz was born in Budapest , where he studied under Sabathiel , the leader of the orchestra of the Budapest Opera .
David Lawrence Jr. ( born March 5 , 1942 in New York City , New York ) is a nationally known newspaper editor and publisher who retired at the age of 56 and subsequently became a leading national advocate for children , especially in the area of early childhood investment .
Paul Greifzu ( 7 April 1902 -- 10 May 1952 ) was a German motorsport racer and constructor from Suhl .
Stanley Logan ( 12 August 1885 in Earlsfield , Greater London -- 30 March 1953 in New York ) was an English actor , screen writer , theatre director and film director .
Sid Dickens was born into a fishing family in the small northern community of Prince Rupert , British Columbia .
Sergiu Nicolaescu was born in Târgu Jiu , but grew up in Timişoara , where his family moved when he was 5 years old .
Luan Da ( simplified Chinese : 栾大 ; traditional Chinese : 欒大 ; pinyin : Luán Dà ; Wade -- Giles : Luan Ta , died 112 BC ; ) was a religious figure during the early Han Dynasty from the state of Yue .
Charles Wirgman ( 31 August 1832 - 8 February 1891 ) was an English artist and cartoonist , the creator of the Japan Punch and illustrator in China and Meiji period Japan for the Illustrated London News .
Johann Pscheidt ( born 8 August 1901 in Berlin - Neukölln ; died unknown ) was an Austrian building contractor , who stood up for Jews during the time of the National Socialism .
Zhang Yibai ( simplified Chinese : 张一白 ; traditional Chinese : 張一白 ) ( born 1963 , Chongqing , China ) is a Chinese film director .
Ashraf Saber ( born April 2 , 1973 in Rome ) is an Italian athlete who competes in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles .
Derek Worlock was born in London on 4 February 1920 , the son of Captain Harford Worlock , a journalist , and his wife , Dora ( née Hoblyn ) , a suffragette ( or as she called herself , a `` suffragist '' ) .
Rania Antonopoulos , born Ourania Antonopoulou ( Greek : Ουρανία Αντωνοπούλου ) on 17 December 1960 in Athens , is a Greek heterodox economist and Syriza politician .
Matteo Silva ( Ulm , 17 October 1960 ) is an Italian - German author , music producer and ethnomusicologist .
Antonio Maeso ( born 1 January 1979 ) is a Spanish motorcycling racer who was born in Madrid but moved to live in Almería , Andalusia as a child .
Michael Huke ( born March 30 , 1969 in Sondershausen ) is a retired German sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres .
Bahman Sholevar was born in Tehran on February 6 , 1941 in a politically conscious family .
Siegfried Lenz was born in Lyck , East Prussia ( now Ełk , Poland ) , the son of a customs officer .
Tim K ( born Timothy John Kvasnosky ) is a Los Angeles - based music producer & film composer who was born in Seattle , WA .
Steven Matz was born on May 29 , 1991 in Stony Brook , New York , the second child of Ron and Lori Matz .
Beate Koch ( born August 18 , 1967 in Jena , Thuringia ) is a former German athlete who competed mainly in the women 's javelin throw event during her career .
Raymond Priestley was born in Bredon 's Norton , Tewkesbury , Gloucestershire , in 1886 , the second son and second of eight children of Joseph Edward Priestley , headmaster of Tewkesbury grammar school , and his wife , Henrietta Rice .
Mabel Hite was born in Ashland , Kentucky on May 30 , 1883 , the daughter of Lewis and Elsie Hite .
Muriel Teresa Wright was born on October 27 , 1918 in Harlem , New York City , the daughter of Martha ( née Espy ) and Arthur Wright , an insurance agent .
Valerius Harpocration ( Greek : Οὐαλέριος or Βαλέριος Ἁρποκρατίων , gen . Ἁρποκρατίωνος ) was a Greek grammarian of Alexandria , probably working in the 2nd century AD .
William Allen Harbinson ( Born 1941 in Northern Ireland ) , who writes under the name W. A. Harbinson , is a British author .
Mercedes Rose ( born March 22 , 1972 ) , is an American actress who was born in Salem , Oregon .
Therese Svendsen ( born March 13 , 1989 ) is a Swedish swimmer from Malmö , representing SK Ran .
Brian Mascarenhas ( born 4 January 1992 in Nuvem , Goa ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Left Winger for Salgaocar in the I - League .
In New York City , Machito formed the band the Afro - Cubans in 1940 , and with Mario Bauzá as musical director , brought together Cuban rhythms and big band arrangements in one group .
Rhea Harder ( born 27 February 1976 in East Berlin ) is a German actress , best known for appearances in various German television series .
Herman Kiefer ( 19 November 1825 Sulzburg , Grand Duchy of Baden - 11 October 1911 ) was a physician , politician and diplomat of the United States .
Stéphane Mahé ( born 23 September 1968 , in Puteaux ) is a retired Breton and French professional footballer and former manager of Saint Nazaire FC ( now Stade Nazairien ) .
Inês Thomas Almeida ( * 11 June 1976 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) is a Dominican Republic - born Portuguese lyric singer ( Mezzosoprano ) and editor of the web - magazine Berlinda.org currently living in Berlin .
The future Sandu Tudor was born Alexandru Teodorescu in the Romanian capital , Bucharest .
Lynsay Sands ( born Leamington , Ontario ) is an award winning Canadian author of over 30 books .
Jean - Pierre Jouyet , was born on 13 February 1954 at Montreuil - sous - Bois in the suburbs of Paris , and is a top civil servant who has also held political positions .
Gervais Martel ( born 20 November 1954 in Oignies ) is a French businessman and president of French football club RC Lens having served in this role since 24 August 1988 .
Jasmine Rosemary Cresswell ( born 1941 in Wales ) is a best - selling author of over 50 romance novels as Jasmine Cresswell and Jasmine Craig .
Richard Wurmbrand , the youngest of four boys , was born in 1909 in Bucharest in a Jewish family .
Born into a family whose wealth was largely founded on gunpowder production , John Evelyn was born in Wotton , Surrey and grew up in Lewes , Sussex .
Jupiter Yves Ngangue ( in other sources - Yves Jupiter Ngangue ; born 14 May 1980 in Yaoundé ) is a former Cameroonian football player .
Corneille was born at Rouen , France , to Marthe Le Pesant and Pierre Corneille , a distinguished lawyer .
Josef Polig ( born November 9 , 1968 in Sterzing ) is an Italian former Alpine skier .
Iuri Gabiskiria ( Georgian : იური გაბისკირია ; born 1 September 1968 in Bakuriani ) is a retired Georgian professional footballer .
Born and brought up in New Delhi , Jaideep Sahni known as JD by his friends in the Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College , Bidar was respected by his classmates as an intelligent boy .
Ze'ev Drori ( Hebrew : זאב דרורי‎ ; born in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli - born American technology entrepreneur currently residing in California .
Bruce Bowen Jr. was born in Merced , California as son of Bruce Bowen Sr . and Dietra Campbell .
David Lehman ( born June 11 , 1948 in New York City ) is a poet and the series editor for The Best American Poetry series .
Belaïd Lacarne ( Arabic : بلعيد لاكارن‎ ) ( born 26 October 1940 in Sidi Bel Abbès ) is a retired Algerian football referee .
John Divola ( born 1949 , Los Angeles ) is a contemporary visual artist .
Savannah Outen ( born October 14 , 1992 in Hillsboro , Oregon ) is an American singer who gained popularity on YouTube .
Marty Napoleon ( June 2 , 1921 -- April 27 , 2015 ) was an American jazz pianist born in Brooklyn , New York , perhaps best known for having replaced Earl Hines in Louis Armstrong 's All Stars in 1952 .
Mario Impemba ( born March 18 , 1963 ) is an American sportscaster , currently the TV voice of the Detroit Tigers and the radio and TV voice of the Oakland Golden Grizzlies men 's basketball team .
Maitena Burundarena ( Buenos Aires , May 1 , 1962 ) , better known as Maitena , is an Argentine cartoonist .
Matthieu Louis - Jean ( born 22 February 1976 in Mont - Saint - Aignan ) is a French former footballer , who is currently a scout for Nottingham Forest .
Frank Scheffer ( born 1956 in Venlo ) is a Dutch cinematographer and producer of documentary film , mostly known for his work Conducting Mahler ( 1996 ) on the 1995 Mahler Festival in Amsterdam with Claudio Abbado , Riccardo Chailly , Riccardo Muti and Simon Rattle .
Kyle Collins ( born 15 November 1988 ) is an international footballer from Saint Kitts and Nevis who plays professionally in England with Buxton .
Mladen Bašić ( 1 August 1917 , Zagreb - 21 November 2012 , Zagreb ) was a Yugoslav or Croat pianist and conductor .
Yosef Weitz was born in Burmel , Volhynia in the Russian Empire in 1890 .
Zdravko Borovnica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Здpaвкo Бopoвницa ; born 1954 in Nakovo ) is a Serbian retired football player .
Munever Krajišnik ( born 5 November 1962 in Dobošnica ) is a former Yugoslav football player , from the 1980s .
Oscar Hammerstein I was born in Stettin ( capital of the province of Pomerania ) , Kingdom of Prussia ( now Szczecin , Poland ) , to German Jewish parents Abraham and Berthe Hammerstein .
Selin Sivrikaya was born to Bekir Sivrikaya and his wife Hülya in Akhisar town of Manisa Province on January 1 , 1997 .
Makhluto and Andranik disagreed with the treaty because it would nullify Armenian claims to Western Armenia .
Robert Desnos was born in Paris on 4 July 1900 , the son of a licensed dealer in game and poultry at the Halles market .
Marcie Blane ( born Marcia Blank , May 21 , 1944 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American singer who recorded pop music .
Cydus Yolas ( later to be known as Sid Krofft ) was born in 1929 in Montreal to Peter , a clock salesman , and his wife Mary .
Nico van der Laan was born in Leiden , son of the architect Leo van der Laan .
Karnig Sarkissian ( Armenian : Գառնիկ Սարգիսեան ) , is a popular Armenian singer born in Aleppo , Syria , and a naturalized American citizen .
Seyed Arash Sobhani ( Persian : آرش سبحانی‎ , born 1971 in Tehran ) is an Iranian musician and television host .
Mark Coulson ( born 11 February 1986 in Huntingdon , England ) is an English footballer .
Hindi Zahra ( born 20 January 1979 in Khouribga , Morocco ) is a Franco - Moroccan singer and actress .
' Semyon Reznik ( Russ.Семён Ефимович Резник ) ( b. 1938 in Moscow ) is a Russian writer , journalist , man of letters and historian , noted in particular for his study of the blood libel and the resurgence of Neonazism in Russia .
Taylor Henrich ( born in Calgary on 1 November 1995 ) is a Canadian ski jumper .
Ingmar Maayen ( born 29 January 1988 in Leiden ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a winger .
Bernhardus Albinus , one of the most famous physicians of his time , was born on 7 January 1653 in Dessau , in the principality of Anhalt , where his father , Christoforus Albinus , was the mayor .
James D'Arcy was born in Amersham , Buckinghamshire , on 24 August 1975 , and was raised in Fulham , London with his younger sister , Charlotte , by their mother , Caroline ( a nurse ) .
Caroline Pizzala ( born 23 November 1987 in Marseille ) is a French football player who plays for French club Paris Saint - Germain of the Division 1 Féminine .
Harold Bolingbroke Mudie ( London , 30 June 1880 -- 6 January 1916 ) was a British esperantist .
Simon Bridges was born in October 1976 in Auckland , the youngest of six children .
Sam Massell ( born August 26 , 1927 ) is a businessman who served from 1970 to 1974 as the 53rd mayor of Atlanta , Georgia .
Caroline Decker Gladstein was born `` Caroline Decker '' on April 26 , 1912 in Macon , Georgia .
John Gaden was born in Sydney where his father owned a successful legal practice , Gadens .
Chuck Hoberman ( born 1956 in Cambridge , Massachusetts , US ) is an artist , engineer , architect , and inventor of folding toys and structures , most notably the Hoberman sphere .
Vahram Sahakian ( sometimes as Vahram Sahakyan , Armenian : Վահրամ Սահակյան , born 22 September 1968 , Yerevan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian dramatist , film director and actor .
Scott Frandsen ( born July 21 , 1980 in Kelowna , British Columbia ) is a Canadian rower of Swedish and Danish descent .
Keith Teare ( born 27 August 1954 , in Scarborough , North Yorkshire , UK ) is a British technology entrepreneur .
Peter Stephanus Blok ( born 7 April 1960 in The Hague ) , known as Peter Blok , is a Dutch stage , television , film , and voice actor .
Giandomenico Martoretta ( Mileto 1515 - -1560s ? ) was an Italian Baroque composer .
Antonio Alzamendi Casas ( born June 7 , 1956 in Durazno ) was a Uruguayan football player who retired in 1991 .
Dijon Isaiah McFarlane ( born June 5 , 1990 ) , professionally known as DJ Mustard , is an American record producer , songwriter and DJ from Los Angeles , California .
Críostóir Ó Floinn ( born 1927 in Limerick city ) is an Irish writer .
Tom Pepper ( born August 24 , 1975 in Des Moines , Iowa ) is a computer programmer best known for his collaboration with Justin Frankel on the invention of the Gnutella peer - to - peer system .
Muriel Bouakaz ( born 3 March 1991 in Zürich ) is a Swiss football player who currently plays for Swiss club Zürich Frauen .
Norman Geschwind was born on January 8 , 1926 in New York City , New York to a Jewish family .
Margo Jennings was born and raised in the Bronx borough of New York City .
Born 15 January 1872 in Southampton , England , George Edmund Butler emigrated to New Zealand with his parents , Joseph Cawte Butler and Jane Tiller , in 1883 , settling in Wellington .
Lachares was a demagogue and tyrant of Athens at the turn from the 4th to the 3rd century BC . Lachares was one of the most influential leaders in his native city , after democracy had been re - established by Demetrius Poliorcetes .
Butch Vig was born Bryan David Vig to Dr. DeVerne and Betty Vig , a music teacher , in Viroqua , Wisconsin .
Simon Girty was born to Simon Girty the Elder and Mary Newton near Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
In late 2006 , his daily podcast Limmy 's World of Glasgow received interest from the mainstream British media .
Bil Zelman was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , to Dr. David Zelman , and his wife Adala Zelman who are both professors .
Sarah Ben - David began her undergraduate studies in Sociology and Economics at the Tel Aviv branch of the Hebrew University .
Shannon Ogden is a weekday anchor , alongside Jeannie Blaylock and Donna Deegan , on First Coast News at WTLV / WJXX in Jacksonville , Florida .
Cheb Bilal ( born Bilal Mouffok ) is an Algerian raï singer , who was born on 23 July 1966 in Cherchell , Algeria .
Antje Buschschulte ( born 27 December 1978 in Berlin ) is a former German swimmer .
Roman Anton Boos ( 28 February 1733 ( ? ) in Bischofswang , near Roßhaupten - 19 December 1810 , Munich ) was a German sculptor .
Ken Shakin ( born 1959 in New York City ) is a writer of underground transgressive fiction .
Alena Alekseeva ( born March 6 , 1989 ) is a Russian breaststroke swimmer from Novosibirsk .
Wayne Shorter was born in Newark , New Jersey , and attended Newark Arts High School , from which he graduated in 1952 .
Josef Skružný ( March 15 , 1871 in Prague -- May 12 , 1948 ) was a Czech writer and journalist .
Lam Kwok - wai ( born 27 January , 1971 ) is one of Hong Kong 's two known serial killers .
Albert R. Jonsen PhD ( born April 1931 San Francisco ) is a biomedical ethicist and author .
Nazeer Allie ( born 23 May 1985 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African football defender for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits . , and the South African national team .
Lyle Mays ( born November 27 , 1953 ) is an American jazz pianist and composer from Wausaukee , Wisconsin .
Michele Moramarco ( Reggio Emilia , 6 October 1953 ) is an Italian author on Masonic ritual and history , a pop musician , and an advocate of Mazdean Christian Universalism .
Bob Margolin ( born May 9 , 1949 , Brookline , Massachusetts , United States ) is an American electric blues guitarist .
Chen Kaige was born in Beijing , China into a family of Fuzhou Changle origin , and grew up with fellow Fifth Generation alumnus Tian Zhuangzhuang as a childhood friend .
Eloy Mestrelle was born in Paris and by the late 1550s was employed by the French Mint .
Ivo Lul Diogo , better known as Ivo Diogo ( born in São Borja , Rio Grande do Sul , January 12 , 1935 -- d. July 7 , 2009 Porto Alegre ) , was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player , who played as a midfielder .
Giovanni Faloci ( Umbertide , 13 October 1985 ) is an Italian discus thrower .
Mohamed Mintu Sheikh ( born 1990 in Dhaka ) is a Bangladeshi footballer who last playing for East Bengal F.C. in I - League , and for the Bangladesh national team .
Born in Buffalo , New York , Harvey Swados was the son of Aaron Meyer Swados , a physician , and Rebecca ( Bluestone ) Swados , a musician and artist whose father was a pioneer Zionist .
Eber Bunker ( 1761 - -1836 ) was a sea captain and pastoralist , born on 7 March 1761 at Plymouth , Massachusetts .
Shelby Brewer was born and raised in Little Rock , Arkansas , and attended public school there .
Glenn Sarty ( 9 September 1930 , Halifax , Nova Scotia -- February 6 , 2007 , Cape Cod , Massachusetts ) was a Canadian television producer who was involved in such shows as Take Thirty , The Fifth Estate and Adrienne at Large .
John Gope - Fenepej ( born 6 November 1978 in Nouméa , New Caledonia ) is a New Caledonian former professional footballer , mainly playing in defence .
Luigi Gubitosi ( Naples , 22 May 1961 ) is an Italian business man and he has been the CEO of Rai since 17 July 2013 to 6 August 2015 .
Giuseppe Bellocco ( Rosarno , February 22 , 1948 ) is an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta .
Dominique Cornu ( born 10 October 1985 in Beveren ) is a Belgian road and track cyclist from Flanders , currently riding for UCI Continental team Sunweb - Napoleon Games .
Ramya Krishnan ( born 15 September 1967 in Chennai ) is an Indian film actress .
Andrey Khachaturyan ( Belarusian : Андрэй Уладзіміравіч Хачатуран ; Armenian : Անդրեյ Խաչատուրյան ; born on 2 September 1987 in Minsk , Soviet Union ) is a Belarusian football midfielder of Armenian origin , who is currently playing for Belshina Bobruisk .
Léon Delagrange was born in Orléans in central France , the son of a textile factory owner .
Samuel Powel ( 1738 - -September 29 , 1793 ) was a colonial and post - colonial mayor of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
José Antonio Estudillo was born in 1805 in Monterey , Alta California to Captain José María Estudillo , who was born in Andalusia , Spain .
Minas Antoniou ( Greek : Μηνάς Αντωνίου , born 22 February 1994 ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Aris Limassol as a winger .
Juan Manuel Cano Ceres ( born 12 December 1987 in San Miguel de Tucumán ) is an Argentine racewalker .
Jody Vance ( born August 23 , 1967 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian sports anchor and co - host of Breakfast Television on CKVU - DT in Vancouver .
Mehmet Konica ( 1881 -- 1948 ) , also known as Mehmet Konitsa , was an Albanian politician .
Norm Berketa ( born 23 August 1963 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian character actor and voice actor based in Ottawa .
Étienne Delessert ( born 4 January 1941 in Lausanne ) is a self - taught Swiss graphic artist and illustrator .
Stefan Lippe ( born October 11 , 1955 in Mannheim ) , is a German insurance manager .
Tomáš Vosolsobě ( March 7 , 1937 , Prague - Střešovice - Velvary January 10 , 2011 ) was a Czech painter , philatelist and occasional photographer .
Some evidence supports Wyatt Earp 's birthplace as 406 South 3rd Street in Monmouth , Illinois , though the street address is disputed by Monmouth College professor and historian William Urban .
Rob Partridge ( born 11 September 1985 ) is a Welsh professional cyclist from Wrexham , Wales .
Antônio Meneses Neto ( born in Recife , 1957 ) is a Brazilian cellist .
Charles Vilain XIIII was born in Brussels in 1803 as the eldest son of Count Philippe - Louis Vilain XIIII , mayor of Rupelmonde , and Baroness Sophie de Felz .
Bjarne Røyland ( born 26 January 1971 ) is a Norwegian bobsledder , born in Mandal .
Sabine Baring - Gould was born in the parish of St Sidwell , Exeter on 28 January 1834 .
Romauld Bouadji ( born 10 January 1983 in Lyon ) , is a French footballer probably most non - for his time with Scottish first division side Clyde .
Publius Herennius Dexippus ( Greek : Δέξιππος , ca . 210 - -273 ) , Greek historian , statesman and general , was an hereditary priest of the Eleusinian family of the Kerykes , and held the offices of archon basileus and eponymous in Athens .
David Boner ( born 12 October 1941 in South Queensferry ) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a right winger .
Kulvinder Ghir ( born 10 August 1965 in Nairobi , Nairobi County , Kenya ) is a Kenyan - born British actor , comedian and writer .
Phil Shoenfelt ( born 18 December 1952 in Bradford , Great Britain ) is an English musician and author who lived for many years in New York and who now lives in Prague , Czech Republic .
Scott Benzel ( born 1968 in Scottsdale , Arizona , lives and works in Los Angeles ) , is an American visual artist , composer , and producer .
Azio Corghi ( born 9 March 1937 in Cirié , Piedmont ) is an Italian opera composer , also a teacher and musicologist .
Thomas Bernhard was born in 1931 in Heerlen , Netherlands , where , at the time , his mother worked as a maid .
Ali Saleh Kahlah al - Marri ( Arabic : علي صالح كحلة المري ) ( b. 1966/1967 ) is a citizen of Qatar who was sentenced to serve a 15-year sentence in a United States federal prison , with credit for the nearly eight years he was held in detention without charges .
Hugo Bruckmann ( 13 October 1863 , Munich -- 3 September 1941 , Munich ) was a German publisher .
Anvar Mammadkhanli studied at technical college in Baku .
John Ross Browne ( February 11 , 1821 in Beggars Bush ( Dublin ) , Ireland -- December 9 , 1875 in Oakland , California ) , often called J. Ross Browne , date of birth sometimes given as 1817 , was an Irish - born American traveler , artist , writer and government agent .
Nicholas , Count of Salm ( Vielsalm , Belgium 1459 -- Salmhof , Marchegg , Lower Austria , May 4 , 1530 ) was a German soldier and an Imperial senior military commander ( German : Feldherr ) .
On January 20 , 1993 , Joseph Anthony died at the age of 80 in a nursing home in Hyannis , Massachusetts .
Charles Meynier ( 1763 or 1768 , Paris - 1832 , Paris ) was a French painter of historical subjects in the late 18th and early 19th century .
Sigfried Giedion ( 14 April 1888 in Prague -- 10 April 1968 in Zürich ) ( sometimes misspelled Siegfried Giedion ) was a Bohemian - born Swiss historian and critic of architecture .
Adrienne Du Vivier ( 1626 -- 20 October 1706 ) was a French pioneer and one of the first white women to settle in the colony of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The second son of William Ellery , Sr . and Elizabeth Almy ( she a descendant of Thomas Cornell ) , William Ellery was born in Newport on December 2 , 1727 .
Farkas Kovacsóczy was strangled to death in the prison of Szamosújvár ( today : Gherla , Romania ) on 11 September 1594 .
Hippolyte Bernheim ( Mulhouse , 17 April 1840 -- Paris , 2 February 1919 ) was a French physician and neurologist , born at Mülhausen , Alsace .
Nicolaes Olycan ( 16 May 1599 -- 2 April 1639 ) was a Netherlands brewer of Haarlem .
Johann Sylvan ( died 23 December 1572 in Heidelberg ) was a Reformed German theologian who was executed for his heretical Antitrinitarian beliefs .
Godfried or Godfrey van Rhenen ( died on May 27 , 1178 ) was a bishop of Utrecht from 1156 to 1178 .
Geheimrat Julius Wilhelm Theodor Curtius ( 27 May 1857 -- 8 February 1928 ) was professor of Chemistry at Heidelberg University and elsewhere .
Together with his brother Armand , they founded the famous Bankhaus Armand & Michel Heine in 1883 , with Rothschild - Frères & Co. in Paris and New Orleans .
Goossen or Goswin van der Weyden ( 1455 - -1543 ) , was a Flemish Renaissance painter active in Antwerp .
Roger Richebé ( 3 December 1897 , Marseille - 10 July 1989 in Ville - d'Avray ) , born Roger Gustave Richebé , was a French film director , screenwriter , and producer .
Mother Mary Raphael Slattery , S.P. , ( January 17 , 1863 - September 9 , 1940 ) was the Superior General of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary - of - the - Woods , Indiana , from 1926 - 1938 .
Maurice Le Scouëzec , was born in Mans on 1 October 1881 and died at Douarnenez on the 1 May 1940 .
Annibale I Bentivoglio ( August 1415 -- July 25 , 1445 ) was a famous member of the Bolognese Bentivoglio family and the absolute ruler of the Italian city of Bologna from 1443 until his death .
Hal Riddle ( December , 11 1917 , Fulton , Kentucky , USA -- June 17 , 2009 , Woodland Hills , California ) was a Broadway , movie and television actor .
Artur Adson ( 3 February ( O.S. 22 January ) 1889 in Tartu -- 5 January 1977 in Stockholm ) was an Estonian poet , writer and theatre critic .
Jacek Stryjenski was a Swiss painter and decorator ( born 1922 in Kraków , died 1961 in Geneva ) .
Jean Vallière ( died 8 August 1523 Paris ) was an Augustinian monk burned at the stake for heresy in 1523 for supporting the teachings of Martin Luther .
Jean Jacques Nicolas Huot ( February 12 , 1790 , Paris -- May 19 , 1845 , Versailles ) was a French geographer , geologist and naturalist .
Rudolf Swoboda the younger ( 1859 - -1914 ) was a 19th - century Austrian painter , born in Vienna .
He was the eldest son of a blacksmith , also named Thomas Tompion , and probably worked as a blacksmith until 1664 when he became an apprentice of a London clockmaker .
Bidzina Kvernadze ( Georgian : ბიძინა კვერნაძე ) , ( 29 July 1928 , Sighnaghi , Georgia , -- 8 July 2010 , Tbilisi ) , was a famous Georgian composer .
Hermione Hammond ( 11 August 1910 -- 29 July 2005 ) was an English painter who is most famous for her paintings of London damaged by the Blitz during World War II . Born in Hexham , Northumberland , to an artist mother and an invalid father , Hermione Hammond had one brother and one sister .
Alan Leo , born William Frederick Allan , ( Westminster , 7 August 1860 -- Bude , 30 August 1917 ) , was a prominent British astrologer , author , publisher and theosophist .
Rupert Ignaz Mayr ( Schärding , 1646 - Freising , 7 February 1712 ) was a German violinist , composer and Kapellmeister in Munich at the court of Maximilian II Emanuel , Elector of Bavaria .
Abraham Staphorst , or Staphortius ( ca . 1638 , Edam -- 1696 , Dordrecht ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Artemius ( d. in Antioch , 362 ) , known as Challita in the Maronite tradition , was a general of the Roman Empire , dux Aegypti ( imperial prefect of Roman Egypt ) .
Louis Christian Hess , artistic name of Alois Anton Hess , known also as Christian Hess ( Bozen , December 24 , 1895 -- Schwaz , November 26 , 1944 ) was an Austrian painter and sculptor of the German Neue Sachlichkeit ( New objectivity ) during the 1920s .
Théodore Clovis Edmond Lemartin , known as Léon Lemartin ( 20 October 1883 Dunes , Tarn - et - Garonne -- 18 June 1911 , Vincennes ) was a pioneer aviator who set a world record on 3 February 1911 at Pau , France when he carried seven passengers in a Blériot XIII Aerobus .
Johann Friedrich Vieweg ( 11 March 1761 , Halle an der Saale - 25 December 1835 , Braunschweig ) was a German publisher and the founder of Vieweg Verlag .
Blanche Deschamps - Jéhin ( also Marie Blanche Deschamps - Jehin ) ( 18 September 1857 , Lyons- June 1923 , Paris ) was a French operatic contralto who had a prolific career in France from 1879 - 1905 .
Bedřich Pokorný ( 6 March 1904 Brno -- 25 March 1968 Brno ) was a Czechoslovak secret service officer .
Bodo Uhse ( 12 March 1904 in Rastatt , Grand Duchy of Baden - 2 July 1963 in Berlin ) was a German writer , journalist and political activist .
Alois Hundhammer ( 25 February 1900 , Moos - August 1974 , Munich ) was one of the most prominent politicians in Bavaria following World War II
Carla Boni ( 17 July 1925 in Ferrara , Italy -- 17 October 2009 in Rome , Italy ) , was an Italian singer .
Frederick Hollyer died 21 November 1933 at his eldest son 's home in Blewbury ( then part of Berkshire ) , aged 95 .
Francesco Porcia or Francesco Apollodoro ( Porcia in the Friuli , 1531 - Padua , 1612 ) was an Italian painter , chiefly of portraits in Padua .
Martijn William Zimri Teerlinck ( 31 March 1987 -- 10 December 2013 ) , known as Cole Williams , or The Child of Lov , was a musician born in Belgium , but raised in Amsterdam and Alkmaar , The Netherlands .
Karl Kling ( 16 September 1910 , Gießen -- 18 March 2003 , Gaienhofen on Lake Constance , Germany ) was a motor racing driver and manager from Germany .
Walter Reed Army Medical Center Firefighters Washington D.C. IAFF F151 Reed appears in sculpture on the great stone chancel screen at Riverside Church , NYC .
Adam Václav Michna z Otradovic -- literally Adam Václav Michna of Otradovice -- ( ca . 1600 Jindřichův Hradec -- 1676 , Jindřichův Hradec ) was a Czech Catholic poet , composer , hymn writer , organist and choir leader of the early Baroque era .
Dragan Čedić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Чедић ) ( August 18 , 1970 , Leskovac , Serbia , former Yugoslavia -- July , 2002 ) was a Serbian mass murderer .
Onelio Jorge Cardoso ( May 14 , 1914 in Calabazar de Sagua , Encrucijada , Cuba -- May 29 , 1986 in Havana , Cuba ) was a Cuban editor , screenwriter , short fiction writer and party functionary .
János Tornyai ( January 18 , 1869 -- September 20 , 1936 ) was a renowned Hungarian painter born in Hódmezővásárhely .
Karl Zittel ( 21 June 1802 , Schmieheim -- 28 August 1871 , Karlsruhe ) was a German theologian , who was a prominent figure in 19th century Liberal Protestantism .
The Paxmal is a peace monument built by Karl Bickel between 1924 and 1949 , in Walenstadtberg above Walenstadt , in Switzerland .
Christian Heinrich von Nagel ( 28 February 1803 in Stuttgart , Germany -- 27 October 1882 in Ulm , Germany ) was a German geometer .
Fritz Mahler ( July 16 , 1901 , Vienna , Austria -- June 18 , 1973 , Winston - Salem , North Carolina ) was an Austrian conductor .
Friedrich Wilhelm Gustav Bruhn ( born November 11 , 1853 in Lübeck ; died 1927 in Berlin ) was a German inventor .
Árpád Basch ( April 16 , 1873 , Budapest - 1944 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian painter and graphic artist .
Joža Uprka ( 26 October 1861 , Kněždub - 12 January 1940 , Hroznová Lhota ) was a Czech painter and graphic artist , whose work combines elements of Romanticism and Art Nouveau to document the folklife of Southern Moravia .
Eugeniusz Zak ( 15 December 1884 Mogilno , near Minsk -- 15 January 1926 Paris ) , also known as Eugène Zak and Eugene Zak , was a Polish artist .
Hans Momsen ( born 23 October 1735 , Fahretoft -- 13 September 1811 , ibidem ) was a North Frisian farmer , mathematician and astronomer .
Joseph - Louis - Adolphe Paquet was born on August 4 , 1859 to a farmer couple , Adolphe Pâquet and Éléonore Demers , on the family domain in Saint - Nicolas , on the southern shore of the Saint Lawrence River opposite Quebec City .
Jacob van Hulsdonck or Jan van Hulsdonck ( 1582 , Antwerp -- 1647 , Antwerp ) , was a Flemish painter who played a role in the early development of the genre of still lifes of fruit , banquets and flowers .
Tahir Elçi ( 1966 -- November 28 , 2015 ) was a Kurdish lawyer and the chairman of Diyarbakır Bar Association .
In 1999 Gennadiy Seleznyov also ran for governor of the Moscow Region .
Bernhard Joachim Hagen ( April 1720 in or near Hamburg ( ? ) -- December 9 , 1787 in Ansbach ) was a German composer , lutenist and violinist .
Wilhelm Riphahn ( also Wilhelm Riphan ; born July 25 , 1889 in Cologne -- December 27 , 1963 in Cologne ) was a German architect .
Adolf von Brudermann ( June 2 , 1854 in Vienna - October 1945 in Vienna ) was a general of the Austro - Hungarian Army .
Elzéar Auguste Cousin de Dommartin ( 26 May 1768 , Dommartin - le - Franc -- 9 August 1799 , Rosetta ) became a French general during the French Revolutionary Wars , fought in Italy under Napoleon Bonaparte , and commanded the artillery division of the Armée d'Orient during the French invasion of Egypt in 1798 .
Arturo Rivera y Damas ( September 30 , 1923 -- November 26 , 1994 ) was the ninth Bishop and fifth Archbishop of San Salvador , El Salvador .
Enrico Cecchetti ( Italian pronunciation : ( enˈriko tʃekˈketti ) ; 21 June 1850 in Rome -- 13 November 1928 in Milan ) was an Italian ballet dancer , mime , and founder of the Cecchetti method .
Friedrich Kaiser ( 3 April 1814 , Biberach - 6 November 1874 , Vienna ) was an Austrian playwright .
Eugène Edine Pottier ( French : ( pɔtje ) ; 4 October 1816 , in Paris -- 6 November 1887 , in Paris ) was a French revolutionary socialist , poet , freemason and transport worker .
Eugen Cicero ( 27 June 1940 , Cluj , Romania -- 5 December 1997 , Zürich , Switzerland ) , nicknamed `` Mister Golden Hands '' , was a Romanian - German jazz pianist who performed in the mixed classical - swing style .
Dr Professor Fritz Nallinger ( born Esslingen am Neckar 6 August 1898 , died Stuttgart 4 June 1984 ) was a German automobile engineer and executive .
J. D. Tippit ( September 18 , 1924 -- November 22 , 1963 ) was an American police officer who was an 11-year veteran with the Dallas Police Department .
Cy Endfield died in 1995 in Shipston - on - Stour , Warwickshire , England , age 80 .
Franz Maria Feldhaus ( Neuss , 26 April 1874 - Wilhelmshaven , 22 May 1957 ) was a German engineer and historians of science and scientific writer .
Ammi - Saduqa ( or Ammisaduqa , Ammizaduga ) was a king ( ca . 1646 - 1626 BC according to the Middle Chronology dating , and ca.1582 - 1562 according to the Short Chronology ) of the First Dynasty of Babylon .
Hans Daumiller died on 12 January 1942 in Roslavl , Russia after an accidental shooting .
Lang Hancock was born in Perth , Western Australia , to one of that state 's oldest land - owning families .
Leopold Gottlieb ( born in 1883 in Drohobycz then in the Austrian sector of the Partitioned Poland , now Lviv region , Ukraine -- died in Paris in 1934 ) was a Polish - Jewish modernist painter .
Hans Kauffmann ( March 30 , 1896 in Kiel - March 15 , 1983 in Bonn ) was a German art historian .
Franz Eichhorst ( born 7 September 1885 in Berlin , died 30 April 1948 , Innsbruck ) was a German painter , engraver and illustrator , one of a number of German artists known for his war paintings supporting the Nazi regime .
Carl Aeschbacher ( 31 March 1886 in Bümpliz , Bern -- 29 January 1944 in Zürich ) , sometimes also spelled `` Äschbacher '' , was a Swiss choir leader and composer .
Leone Emanuele Bardare ( born Naples , 1820 -- died there after 1874 ) was an Italian poet .
Juan de Torrezar Díaz Pimienta ( sometimes Juan de Torrezal Díaz Pimienta ) ( died June 11 , 1782 in Bogotá ) was a Spanish military officer and colonial official .
Pierre - Antoine Quillard , ( c.1700 , Paris - 25 November 1733 , Lisbon ) was a French portrait painter and engraver who worked in Portugal .
Juan José de Aycinena y Piñol ( Guatemala City , August 29th of 1792 - ibidem , February 17th of 1865 ) was an ecclesiastical and intellectual conservative in Central America .
Adolf Warski , born Jerzy Adolf Warszawski ( April 20 , 1868 , Warsaw -- August 21 , 1937 , Moscow ) , was a Jewish leader and theoretician of the communist movement in Poland .
Sharp then encouraged Gordon Matta - Clark to move to New York City where Sharp continued to introduce him to members of the New York art world .
Michel Meslin ( 29 September 1926 , Paris -- 12 April 2010 , Paris ) was an emeritus professor and former president of the Université de Paris - Sorbonne ( Paris IV ) .
James Jefferson Britt ( March 4 , 1861 in Unicoi County , near Johnson City , Tenn. - December 26 , 1939 in Asheville , North Carolina ) was a United States Representative in Congress from North Carolina .
Karl Julius Schröer ( January 11 , 1825 in Bratislava ( German : Pressburg / Preßburg ) , then part of the Austrian Empire -- December 16 , 1900 in Vienna ) was an Austrian linguist and literary critic .
Botho von Frantzius was killed on 10 December 1942 near Nevel , during the Battle for Velikiye Luki .
Louis Paul Boon ( 15 March 1912 , in Aalst -- 10 May 1979 , in Erembodegem ) was a Flemish novelist and competes with Hugo Claus ( 1929 - 2008 ) only for the title of most important twentieth - century Flemish writer in the Dutch language .
Luis Díez del Corral y Pedruzo ( Logroño , 5 July 1911 -- Madrid , 7 April 1998 ) was a Spanish jurist , writer and political scientist .
Kathleen Maguire ( September 27 , 1925 , New York City , New York -- August 9 , 1989 , The Bronx , New York ) was an American actress who won an Obie Award in 1958 for her performance in the stage play , The Time of the Cuckoo .
Jan Šrámek ( November 8 , 1870 , Grygov , Margraviate of Moravia - April 22 , 1956 , Prague ) was Prime Minister of the Czechoslovak government - in - exile from July 21 , 1940 to April 5 , 1945 .
Ursula Fleming ( 1930 in Liverpool -- 1992 in London ) was an English psychotherapist , Lay Dominican and author ; she was considered an expert in her field of work .
August Pitzl ( December 17 , 1920 in Vienna , Austria -- January 25 , 2000 in Vienna , Austria ) was an Austrian basketball player and administrator .
Norma Redpath studied from 1942 to 1948 ( with a long break due to illness ) painting at the Swinburne Technical College and from 1949 to 1951 sculpture at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology , both in Melbourne .
Lo Spagna married Santina Martorelli from one of Spoleto 's leading families and here he was nominated Capitano delle Arti dei Pittori e degli Orefici in 1517 .
Jacques Scandelari ( July 5 , 1943 in Dinard , France -- June 2 , 1999 in Paris , France ) was a French film director , screenwriter and producer .
Adolf Kamphausen ( 10 September 1829 -- 13 September 1909 , Bonn ) was a German Protestant theologian .
Laika , a stray dog from the streets of Moscow , was selected to be the occupant of the Soviet spacecraft Sputnik 2 that was launched into outer space on November 3 , 1957 .
Józef Cempla ( 1918 - -2004 ) was a Polish artist , painter , drawer , professor of School of Fine Arts , Kraków , born in Bielsko - Biała ( Poland ) .
Johann Christian Cuno ( 3 April 1708 in Berlin -- 1783 in Durlach ) was a German poet , writer , botanist and merchant , and was the son of a postal official in Berlin .
Karl Julius Perleb ( 20 June 1794 , Konstanz -- 8 June 1845 , Freiburg i m Breisgau ) ( also known as Carl Julius Perleb ) was a German botanist and natural scientist .
Rosario Messina , ( Aci Castello , December 1942 -- Meda , March 9 , 2011 ) , was an Italian entrepreneur , who in 1978 founded the Italian company Flou , an avant - garde furniture manufacturer .
Murdock MacQuarrie ( 25 August 1878 , in San Francisco , California -- 22 August 1942 , in Los Angeles , California ) was an American silent film actor .
Seargent Smith Prentiss ( 30 September 1808 in Portland , Maine -- 1 July 1850 in Natchez , Mississippi ) was the representative for Mississippi in the Twenty - fifth United States Congress serving from 1838 to 1839 .
Metropolitan Jovan Pavlović ( Serbo - Croatian : Mitropolit Jovan Pavlović , Serbian Cyrillic : Митрополит Јован Павловић ; 22 October 1936 -- 3 April 2014 ) was Metropolitan of Metropolitanate of Zagreb and Ljubljana of the Serbian Orthodox Church and one of the most prominent individuals in Serbian community in Croatia during his lifetime .
Charles - Étienne Jordan ( Berlin , 1700 - 1745 ) was a Prussian - born Huguenot refugee , advisor to Frederick the Great and French - language author on literature and history .
Jeanne Thérèse du Han de Martigny ( 30 October 1707 in Lunéville -- 7 May 1748 in Nancy ) was born and baptized the same day in Lunéville , in the duchy of Lorraine , now part of France .
Zsófia Bosnyák ( Slovak : Žofia Bosniakova , Nagysurány ( Šurany ) , June 2 , 1609 -- Sztrecsnó ( Strečno ) , April 28 , 1644 ) was a Hungarian noble and wife of Count Ferenc Wesselényi .
Hermann Hirt ( 19 December 1865 in Magdeburg -- 12 September 1936 in Gießen ) was German philologist and Indo - Europeanist .
Joseph Marie Élisabeth Durocher ( 31 May 1817 , Rennes - 3 December 1860 , Rennes ) was a French geologist .
Karl Gerhardt ( born Boston , Massachusetts , 7 January 1853 ; died Shreveport , Louisiana 7 May 1940 ) was a United States sculptor .
Dr François Carlo Antommarchi ( born 5 July 1780 in Morsiglia , Corsica -- d. 1838 in Santiago de Cuba , Cuba ) was Napoleon 's physician from 1818 to his death in 1821 .
Portraits et souvenirs ( 1897 : on Victor Hugo , Fustel de Coulanges , Victor Duruy , etc . ) Gabriel Monod died in 1912 in Versailles and is buried there in the Cimetière des Gonards .
Mario Alicata ( 8 May 1918 , Reggio Calabria - 6 December 1966 , Rome ) was an Italian Partisan , literary critic and politician .
Jerôme Duquesnoy ( II ) or Hieronymus Duquesnoy ( II ) or the Younger ( baptized 8 May 1602 , Brussels - 28 September 1654 , Ghent ) was a Flemish architect and sculptor who was particularly accomplished in portraits .
Josef Madersperger ( * October 6 , 1768 in Kufstein ; † October 2 , 1850 in Vienna ) was a tailor .
Buck Jones was one of the 492 victims of the 1942 Cocoanut Grove fire in Boston , Massachusetts .
Kurt Heinrich Wolff ( May 20 , 1912 in Darmstadt -- September 14 , 2003 in Newton , Massachusetts ) , was an American sociologist .
Jacques Ozanam ( 16 June 1640 , in Sainte - Olive , Ain -- 3 April 1718 , in Paris ) was a French mathematician .
Abraham van Calraet , or Kalraat ( 7 - -12 October 1642 , Dordrecht -- 11 June 1722 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and engraver .
Diane Adélaïde de Mailly , duchesse de Lauraguais ( 11 February 1713 -- Paris , November 3 , 1769 ) was the third of the five famous de Nesle sisters , four of whom would become the mistress of King Louis XV of France .
Helena Grossówna ( 1904 , Thorn , German Empire--1994 , Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish actress and dancer .
Lubor Niederle ( September 20 , 1865 , Klatovy -- June 14 , 1944 , Prague ) was a Czech archeologist , anthropologist and ethnographer .
Marian Thayer was the wife of John Borland Thayer , Vice President of the Pennsylvania Railroad .
Rudolf Dölling ( 4 November 1902 , in Roßbach -- 3 August 1975 , in Berlin ) was a politician in Czechoslovakia and in East Germany .
Henrik Heintz Hungarian , ( 1896 , Budapest - 1955 , Szakcs ) was a Hungarian painter .
Karl Gruber ( May 3 , 1909 in Innsbruck -- February 1 , 1995 in Innsbruck ) was an Austrian politician and diplomat .
Gardner Read ( January 2 , 1913 in Evanston , Illinois -- November 10 , 2005 in Manchester - by - the - Sea , Massachusetts ) was an American composer and musical scholar .
Francis Holman lived in at least five addresses in Wapping on the Thames in London .
Luciano Anceschi ( Italian pronunciation : ( luˈtʃano anˈtʃeski ) ; February 20 , 1911 in Milan -- May 2 , 1995 in Bologna ) was an Italian literary critic and essayist .
Matteo Lucchesi ( 1705 - 1776 ) was an Italian architect and Engineer , active mainly in his native Venice .
Nicolas Dipre was born in Paris and probably came from a family of artists .
He gave Birinus Dorchester - on - Thames for his episcopal see .
Miroslav Venhoda ( August 4 , 1915 -- May 10 , 1987 in Prague ) was a Czech choral conductor who specialized in the performance of Renaissance and Baroque music , via his ensemble The Prague Madrigalists ( Pražští madrigalisté in the original language ) , which he founded in 1956 .
Luis Jorge Fontana ( born April 19 , 1846 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ; died October 18 , 1920 in San Juan , Argentina ) was an Argentine military officer , explorer , geographer , writer , and politician .
Filippo Marchetti ( 26 February 1831 , Bolognola , Macerata -- 18 January 1902 , Rome ) was an Italian opera composer .
Jaroslav Dietl ( 22 May 1929 , Zagreb -- 29 June 1985 , Prague ) was a Czechoslovak screenwriter of series .
Ronald de Carvalho ( May 16 , 1893 - February 15 , 1935 ) was a Brazilian poet and diplomat from Rio de Janeiro .
Antonio Paglia ( Brescia , 1680 -- Brescia , 1747 ) is an Italian painter active mainly in Brescia in a late - Baroque or Rococo style .
Saad Dahlab ( b. in Ksar Chellala , April 18 , 1918 - d. December 16 , 2000 in Algiers ) was an Algerian nationalist and politician .
Snow moved to Nashville , Tennessee in 1945 , and `` Hank Snow , the Singing Ranger '' ( modified from his earlier nickname , the Yodeling Ranger ) , started recording for RCA Victor of the United States in 1949 .
Michelangelo Florio ( 1515 - -1572 ) , born in Lucca , or Florence and died in Soglio , was the son of a Franciscan friar , before converting to Protestantism .
Kingsley Amis was born in Clapham , south London , the son of William Robert Amis , a mustard manufacturer 's clerk in the City of London and his wife , Rosa Annie ( née Lucas ) .
Johann Bauschinger ( 11 June 1834 in Nuremberg -- 25 November 1893 in Munich ) was a mathematician , builder , and professor of Engineering Mechanics at Munich Polytechnic from 1868 until his death .
The Deceased Correa ( in Spanish La Difunta Correa ) is a semi - pagan mythical figure in folk - religion , for which a number of people in Argentina and Chile , especially among the popular classes , feel a great devotion .
Cristoforo Diana ( 1543 - 1636 ) was an Italian painter active in his native San Vito al Tagliamento .
Marco Palmezzano ( 1460 - -1539 ) was an Italian painter and architect , belonging to the Forlì painting school , who painted in a style recalling earlier Northern Renaissance models , and was mostly active near Forlì .
Moritz Landé ( * 2 March 1829 in Ostrowo ; † 23 June 1888 in Berlin , Germany ) was a German architect of Jewish origin .
Hasdrubal the Fair ( c. 270 BC -- 221 BC ) was a Carthaginian military leader and politician , governor in Iberia after Hamilcar Barca 's death , and founder of Cartagena .
Gaetano Cozzi ( Zero Branco , September 15 , 1922 - Venice , 15 March 2001 ) is an Italian historian , professor at Padua University , and researcher with the Giorgio Cini Foundation and Fondazione Benetton Studi e Ricerche .
Hans Schomburgk , ( October 28 , 1880 in Hamburg -- July 27 , 1967 in Berlin ) was a German adventurer , filmmaker and until 1912 a big - game hunter .
Don Haggerty ( July 3 , 1914 , Poughkeepsie , New York -- August 19 , 1988 , Cocoa Beach , Florida ) was an American actor of film and television .
Sir Dietrich Brandis , KCIE , FRS ( March 31 , 1824 -- May 28 , 1907 , Bonn ) was a German forester who worked with the British Imperial Forestry Service in colonial India .
Hans Reinhold von Fersen ( 2 March 1683 Tallinn - 25 May 1736 Stockholm ) was a Swedish count , politician and soldier .
Marco Coltellini ( 24 May 1724 , Montepulciano -- November 1777 , Saint Petersburg ) was an Italian opera tenor , librettist and printer .
Georgios Papoulias ( Greek : Γεώργιος Παπούλιας ; 1927 - 11 September 2009 , Athens ) was a Greek politician and diplomat .
Heinz Nittel ( 1931 - -1981 ) , a leader of the Austrian Socialist party and the president of the Austrian - Israeli Friendship League , was shot to death on 1 May 1981 outside his home in Vienna by Hesham Mohammed Rajeh , 21 , born in Iraq .
Konrad von Thüngen ( 1466 - -1540 ) was the Prince - Bishop of Würzburg from 1519 until his death in 1540 .
Horace Lawson Hunley ( June 20 , 1823 in Sumner County , Tennessee -- October 15 , 1863 off Charleston , South Carolina ) was a Confederate marine engineer during the American Civil War .
Princess Elisa Radziwill ( Elisa Friederike Luise Martha ; 28 October 1803 , Berlin -- 27 August 1834 , Bad Freienwalde ) was a member of Polish high nobility of royal ancestry who was the desired bride of the Prince who later became Wilhelm I , German Emperor .
Felix Bryk ( 21 January 1882 , Vienna -- 13 January 1957 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish anthropologist , entomologist and writer .
Ali Khencheli or Mahmoud Djellal ( born at Khenchela ) is an Algerian musician of Berber origin .
Paul Devaux ( 10 April 1801 , Bruges -- 30 January 1880 , Brussels ) was a liberal Belgian politician , deeply involved in the unionist movement .
Count Mikhail Nikolayevich Muravyov or Muraviev ( Russian : Михаи́л Никола́евич Муравьёв ) ( April 19 ( O.S. April 7 ) 1845 , Saint Petersburg -- June 21 ( O.S. June 8) 1900 ) was a Russian statesman who advocated transferring the attention of Russian foreign policy from Europe to the Far East .
Ernő Pattantyús - Ábrahám de Dancka ( 15 March 1882 , Debrecen - 7 May 1945 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian journalist and writer .
Hugo Baum ( 17 January 1867 in Forst ( Lausitz ) -- 15 April 1950 in Rostock ) was a German botanist .
Hampton Hawes was born on November 13 , 1928 , in Los Angeles , California .
Jaan Lattik ( 22 October ( O.S. 10 October ) 1878 near Karula , Estonia -- 27 June 1967 in Stockholm , Sweden ) was an Estonian politician , writer and a former Estonian Minister of Education and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia .
Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Ferdinand Collmann ( born October 1762 in Berlin ; died 28 August 1837 ) was a German painter and professor , and between 1821 and 1837 he was a member of the Preußische Akademie der Künste .
Salvatore Inzerillo ( Palermo , 1944 -- Palermo , May 11 , 1981 ) was an Italian criminal , a member of the Sicilian Mafia , also known as Totuccio ( a diminutive for Salvatore ) .
Francisco Valls ( Barcelona 1665/1671 - 2 February 1747 ) was a Spanish composer , theorist and maestro de capilla .
José María Pino Suárez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xosemaˈɾia ˌpinoˈswaɾes ) ; 8 September 1869 -- 22 February 1913 ) was a Mexican statesman , jurist , poet , journalist and revolutionary who served as the 7th and last Vice President of Mexico from 1911 until his assassination in 1913 .
Pedro Vargas Mata ( San Miguel Allende , 29 April 1906 - Mexico City on 30 October 1989 ) was a Mexican singer and actor , from the golden age of Mexican cinema .
Otakar Pertold ( born in Jaroměř 21 March 1884 , died 3 May 1965 in Prague ) was Czech Indologist , religious studies historian and ethnologist , generally considered the pioneer of Asian religious studies in Czechoslovakia .
Wolfgang Müller - Lauter ( August 31 , 1924 in Weimar -- August 9 , 2001 in Berlin ) was a German philosopher and scholar .
Jon - Henri Damski ( March 31 , 1937 -- November 1 , 1997 ) was an American essayist , weekly columnist , poet and community activist in Chicago 's gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender communities from the mid to late 1970s until the late 1990s .
Christa Reinig ( 6 August 1926 , Berlin -- 30 September 2008 , Munich ) was a German poet , fiction and non - fiction writer , and dramatist .
Pierre Moerlen ( 23 October 1952 , Colmar , Haut - Rhin -- 3 May 2005 , Sainte - Marie - aux - Mines , near Strasbourg ) was a French drummer and percussionist , best known for his work with Gong and Mike Oldfield and as Pierre Moerlen 's Gong .
Paolo Manna ( 16 January 1872 , in Avellino -- 15 September 1952 , in Naples ) was an Italian Catholic missionary in Burma ( now Myanmar ) who was the superior general of the Pontifical Institute for Foreign Missions .
Giuseppe Giovanni Antonio Meneghini ( 30 July 1811 , Padua -- 29 January 1889 , Pisa ) was an Italian botanist , geologist and paleontologist .
On June 7 , 1999 , Paco Stanley , Mario Bezarez and Jorge Gil left TV Azteca studios after their morning show `` Una Tras Otra '' to eat in a famous Mexican restaurant `` El Charco de las Ranas '' located in Periferico , Mexico City 's busy beltway .
Léon - Ernest Drivier ( born in Grenoble on 22 October 1878 and died in Paris in 1951 ) , was a French illustrator and sculptor .
Francisco de Albear y Fernández de Lara ( January 11 , 1816 , Havana -- October 22 , 1887 , Havana ) was a Spanish engineer from Cuba .
Lavoslav Schwarz ( Croatian : Lavoslav Švarc , pronounced ( lâʋoslaʋ ʃʋârt͡s ) ; born Leopold Schwarz ( lêopolt ʃʋârt͡s ) ; 1837 Zagreb , died 1906 Zagreb ) was Croatian merchant and a historically significant figure of the Jewish community in Zagreb .
Gustave Moynier ( September 21 , 1826 - August 21 , 1910 ) was a Swiss Jurist who was active in many charitable organizations in Geneva .
Harvey Seeley Mudd ( 30 August 1888 - - 12 April 1955 ) was a mining engineer and founder , investor , and president of Cyprus Mines Corporation , a Los Angeles -- based international enterprise that operated copper mines on the island of Cyprus .
Henning Holck - Larsen ( July 4 , 1907 Frederiksberg , Denmark -- July 27 , 2003 Mumbai ) was a Dane who co - founded the Indian engineering firm Larsen & Toubro ( L&T ) .
Christian Homann Schweigaard ( 14 October 1838 in Christiania -- 24 March 1899 in Christiania ) was a Norwegian Supreme Court lawyer and politician .
Grete Mosheim died from cancer in New York City on 29 December 1986 , aged 81 .
Jean Dries is the name used by the artist , Jean Driesbach , who was born on October , 19 1905 in Bar - Le - Duc in Meuse , France and died in Paris on February 26 , 1973 .
Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi ( died 732 ; Arabic : عبد الرحمن الغافقي‎ ) , also known as Abd er Rahman , Abdderrahman , Abderame , and Abd el - Rahman , unsuccessfully led the Andalusian Muslims into battle against the forces of Charles Martel in the Battle of Tours on October 10 , 732 AD .
Kōrli Stalte ( Latvian : Kārlis Stalte ) ( born 1870 , Mazirbe -- died 12 January 1947 in Germany ) was a prolific Livonian cultural activist .
Carl Heinrich Johann Schenck was a German technology pioneer and businessman who established Carl Schenck Eisengießerei & Waagenfabrik in 1881 , in Darmstadt , Germany .
Horace Freeland Judson ( 21 April 1931 in Manhattan , New York -- 6 May 2011 in Baltimore , Maryland ) was a historian of molecular biology and the author of several books , including The Eighth Day of Creation , a history of molecular biology , and The Great Betrayal :
Robert Oskar Julius von Görschen ( born 22 November 1829 in Aachen ; died 10 January 1914 in Aachen ) was one of the Aachen region 's most successful business lawyers , and an initiator of many social and cultural institutions .
Jan van Rijn or Jean de Reyn was born at Dunkirk about the year 1610 , and went when he was young to Antwerp , where he became a student of Van Dyck .
Joseph von Quarin ( November 19 , 1733 -- March 19 , 1814 ) was an Austrian physician born in Vienna .
Alexandre Deschapelles ( March 7 , 1780 , Ville - d'Avray near Versailles -- October 27 , 1847 , in Paris ) was a French chess player who , between the death of Philidor and the arrival of Louis de la Bourdonnais , was probably the strongest player in the world .
Vahram Kevorkian ( born 17 December 1887 in the Russian Empire - died 17 July 1911 in Antwerp , Belgium ) was a football player of Armenian descent .
Evgeni Gegechkori ( Georgian : ევგენი გეგეჭკორი ) ( January 20 , 1881 , Martvili -- June 5 , 1954 , Paris ) was a Georgian nobleman , politician , and Social Democratic revolutionary .
Meir Dizengoff ( Hebrew : מאיר דיזנגוף‎ , Russian : Меер Янкелевич Дизенгоф Meer Yankelevich Dizengof , 25 February 1861 -- 23 September 1936 ) was a Zionist politician and the first mayor of Tel Aviv .
Joseph - Hippolyte Guibert ( 1802 , Aix - en - Provence , Bouches - du - Rhône -- 1886 , Paris ) was a French Catholic Archbishop of Paris and Cardinal .
Pedro Benoit ( February 18 , 1836 -- April 4 , 1897 ) was an Argentine architect , engineer , and urbanist best known for designing the layout of the city of La Plata .
Oscar Nuccio ( Brindisi , 9 July 1931 -- Rieti , 23 April 2004 ) was an Italian historian of economic thought .
Mara Selvini Palazzoli ( 1916 - -1999 ) was an Italian psychiatrist and founder in 1971 , with Gianfranco Cecchin , Luigi Boscolo and Giuliana Prata , of the systemic and constructivist approach to family therapy which became known as the Milan systems approach .
Daltro Menezes ( born 18 January 1938 in Porto Alegre , died 18 August 1994 in Porto Alegre ) was a Brazilian professional football manager .
Teodoro Lechi ( Brescia , 16 January 1778 -- Milan , 2 May 1866 ) was an Italian general , a Jacobin and a military advisor to King Carlo Alberto of Sardinia .
Karl Stauffer , known as Karl Stauffer - Bern ( 2 September 1857 , Trubschachen - 24 January 1891 , Florence ) was a Swiss painter , etcher and sculptor .
Marguerite Snow ( 9 September 1889 , Savannah , Georgia - 17 February 1958 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American silent film actress .
Fritz Reinhardt ( 3 April 1895 , in Ilmenau -- 17 June 1969 , in Regensburg ) was a state secretary in the German Finance Ministry in the time of the Third Reich .
Peter Geach was born in London in 1916 to George Hender Geach , a professor of philosophy in Lahore and Cambridge , and Eleonora Adolfina Sgonina , a poet , and spent his earliest years in Cardiff .
Johann Bernhard Fischer ( 1685 , Lübeck -- 1772 , Hinterbergen near Riga ) was a doctor of German origin in Imperial Russian service as medical adviser to the Empress Anna .
Mihailo Stevanović ( April 3 , 1903 -- January 14 , 1991 ) was a Serbian linguist and philologist , professor at the University of Belgrade and a full member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts .
Francois P. Giraud ( June 1 , 1818 in Charleston -- May 8 , 1877 in San Antonio ) was an American politician .
Apelles of Kos ( /əˈpɛliːz/ ; Greek : Ἀπελλῆς ; fl . 4th century BC ) was a renowned painter of ancient Greece .
Hasan Eren ( March 15 , 1919 , Vidin , Bulgaria -- May 26 , 2007 , Ankara , Turkey ) was a Turkish academic etymologist , linguist , Turkologist , and Hungarologist specializing in Turkish language , other Turkic languages , and Hungarian language who served as head of the Turkish Language Association from 1983 to 1993 .
Mikhail Skorodumov ( Russian : Михаил Федорович Скородумов ; 1892 -- 15 November 1963 , Los Angeles ) was a Russian general who participated in World War I , the White movement , and founded the Nazi - allied Russian Corps in Serbia during World War II . Skorodumov was born in 1892 .
Lina Morgenstern ( 25 November 1830 in Breslau -- 16 December 1909 in Berlin ) was a German writer , educator , feminist and pacifist .
Asa Howe Cory ( May 31 , 1814 -- June 6 , 1892 ) was a captain of Company H in the 58th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Gustaf Johan Billberg ( 14 June 1772 , Karlskrona -- 26 November 1844 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish botanist , zoologist and anatomist , although professionally and by training he was a lawyer and used science and biology as a hobby .
Orville Bullington ( February 10 , 1882 -- November 24 , 1956 ) was an attorney and businessman in Wichita Falls , Texas , who was the unsuccessful Republican gubernatorial nominee in 1932 against former Governor Miriam Wallace `` Ma '' Ferguson , who won the second of her two terms in the office .
Princess Ida of Saxe - Meiningen ( 25 June 1794 -- 4 April 1852 ) , was a German princess member of the House of Wettin and by marriage Princess of Saxe - Weimar - Eisenach .
William Cooper Nell ( December 16 , 1816 -- May 25 , 1874 ) was an African - American abolitionist , journalist , publisher , author , and civil servant of Boston , Massachusetts , who worked for integration of schools and public facilities in the state .
Mai Ghoussoub ( Arabic : مي غصوب‎ ) ( 2 November 1952 Beirut -- 17 February 2007 London ) was a Lebanese writer , artist , publisher and human rights activist .
Rudolf von Raumer ( 14 April 1815 , Breslau -- 30 August 1876 , Erlangen ) was a German philologist and linguist , known for his extensive research of the German language .
Cäsar Flaischlen was a German poet , b. in Stuttgart on May 12 , 1864 , and d. in Gundelsheim , Baden - Württemberg .
Raffaello Fossi , styled RAFO ( born Signa , 21 April 1928 - died there 8 January 1962 ) was an Italian painter .
Burt Reinhardt died at his home in Marietta , Georgia , of complications from a series of strokes on May 10 , 2011 , at the age of 91 .
Lambert de Sayve , also Saive or Seave ( Saive , near Liège 1548 or 1549 -- Linz 1614 ) , was a Flemish composer .
Palau was born Pierre Palau del Vitri in Pairs and died at age 83 in Meudon , Hauts - de - Seine , France .
Hermann Schaaffhausen ( 19 July 1816 , Koblenz -- 26 January 1893 Bonn ) German anatomist , anthropologist , and paleoanthropologist .
Abdul Hamid al - Bakkoush ( Arabic : عبد الحميد البكوش‎ ) ( 1933 -- 2007 ) was Prime Minister of Libya from 25 October 1967 to 4 September 1968 .
Tawfik Abu al - Huda ( Arabic : توفيق ابو الهدى‎ ) ( also known as Tawfik Pasha Abul - Huda ) ( 1894 -- 1 July 1956 ) served several terms as Prime Minister of Jordan .
Trajan ( /ˈtreɪdʒən/ ; Latin : Imperator Caesar Nerva Traianus Divi Nervae filius Augustus ; September 18 , 53 -- August 8 , 117 AD ) was Roman emperor from 98 AD until his death in 117 AD .
His name meant Last king , and he was named so because of a prophecy by Malbeth the Seer : `` Arvedui you shall call him , for he will be the last in Arthedain .
Anthony Durier ( January 3 , 1833 -- February 28 , 1904 ) served as the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Natchitoches , Louisiana .
Thomas Henry Selby ( May 14 , 1820 -- June 17 , 1875 ) was the 13th Mayor of San Francisco serving from December 6 , 1869 to December 3 , 1871 .
Fidèle Agbatchi ( born October 23 , 1950 ) is a retired Beninese Roman Catholic archbishop .
Richard H. Vose ( November 8 , 1803 -- January 19 , 1864 ) was an American politician and the 14th Governor of Maine for two days in 1841 .
Jens Stoltenberg ( listen ; born 16 March 1959 ) is a Norwegian politician who is the 13th Secretary General of NATO .
José de la Riva - Agüero y Osma , 6th Marquess of Montealegre de Aulestia ( 26 February 1885 -- 26 October 1944 ) was a Peruvian historian , writer and politician who served as Prime Minister of Peru .
Levi Woodbury ( December 22 , 1789 -- September 4 , 1851 ) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States , a U.S. Senator , Governor of New Hampshire and cabinet member in three administrations .
Giovanni Carlo Boschi ( Faenza , 9 April 1715 -- 6 September 1788 ) was an Italian clergyman who was made a cardinal by Pope Clement XIII in the consistory of 21 July 1766 .
Mindy Greiling is a former Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented the former districts 54B and 54A in Ramsey County , part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area .
Charles Manners - Sutton ( Manners before 1762 ; 17 February 1755 -- 21 July 1828 ) was a bishop in the Church of England who served as Archbishop of Canterbury from 1805 to 1828 .
Giovanni Battista Bussi de Pretis ( Urbino , 11 September 1721 -- Jesi , 27 June 1800 ) was an Italian cleric promoted by Pope Pius VI to the rank of cardinal in the consistory of 21 February 1794 .
George F. Wingard ( born November 6 , 1935 ) , was an American politician who was a member of the Oregon House of Representatives and Oregon State Senate .
Saxe Bannister ( 1790 -- 16 September 1877 ) was the first Attorney - General of New South Wales , Australia , and a writer .
Francesco Dandolo ( died 1339 ) was the 52nd Doge of Venice .
Vittorio Tomassetti ( June 28 , 1930 -- January 6 , 2008 ) was the Italian Roman Catholic bishop emeritus of the Diocese of Fano - Fossombrone - Cagli - Pergola .
Gijsbrecht van Brederode ( 1416 -- Breda , 15 August 1475 ) was bishop - elect of Utrecht from 1455 to 1456 .
Aldis Bernard ( c. 1810 -- 3 July 1876 ) was a Canadian dentist and politician , the Mayor of Montreal , Quebec between 1873 and 1875 .
Saint Pelinus or Pelinus of Brindisi ( Italian : San Pelino ) ( c. 620 -- 5 December 662 ) was a Basilian monk , later bishop of Brindisi in Italy , martyred at Corfinio and made a saint in 668 .
Edward Kavanagh ( April 27 , 1795 -- January 22 , 1844 ) was a United States Representative and the 17th Governor of Maine .
Ferdinand Friedensburg ( born 17 November 1886 in Schweidnitz ( present - day Świdnica ) ; died 11 March 1972 ) was the interim Mayor of Berlin due to the illness of mayor Louise Schroeder during the Berlin Blockade in 1948 .
Stephen Scholey ( 22 January 1815 -- 13 May 1878 ) was a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly .
Oswald of Worcester ( died 29 February 992 ) was Archbishop of York from 972 to his death in 992 .
Kathleen Falk ( born June 26 , 1951 ) is an American attorney and politician from Wisconsin who served as Dane County Executive from 1997 until 2011 .
Apries ( Ancient Greek : Ἁπρίης ) is the name by which Herodotus ( ii . 161 ) and Diodorus ( i. 68 ) designate Wahibre Haaibre , a pharaoh of Egypt ( 589 BC -- 570 BC ) , the fourth king ( counting from Psamtik I ) of the Twenty - sixth dynasty of Egypt .
Gustave Olombe Atelumbu Musilamu ( May 1 , 1927 Yaounge -- February 17 , 2011 Wamba , Congo Democratic Republic ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wamba , in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Africa .
Philip the Bold ( French : Philippe le Hardi , Dutch : Filips de Stoute ; 17 January 1342 -- 27 April 1404 , Halle ) was Duke of Burgundy ( as Philip II ) and jure uxoris Count of Flanders ( as Philip II ) , Artois and Burgundy ( as Philip IV ) .
José Freire Falcão ( born October 23 , 1925 in Ereré ) is a Brazilian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and former archbishop of Brasília .
Jordan A. Harris is Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , representing the 186th legislative district .
Gwen Klingler is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 100th district from 1995 until 2003 .
Hædde ( or Hedda , Hedde , Haedda , Haeddi ; died 705 ) was a medieval Bishop of Winchester .
Cornelis Guldewagen ( 1599 -- 1663 ) , was a Haarlem mayor , known best today for his portrait by Frans Hals .
Marilyn Dondero Loop ( born 1951 , in Las Vegas , Nevada ) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 2 , 2009 representing District 5 .
Roseanna Cunningham ( born 27 July 1951 , Glasgow ) is a Scottish politician who has been the Cabinet Secretary for Fair Work , Skills and Training since 2014 and is the Scottish National Party ( SNP ) Member of the Scottish Parliament for Perthshire South and Kinross - shire , having previously represented Perth .
William Legge , 1st Earl of Dartmouth ( 1672 - 1750 ) was Lord Privy Seal from 1713 to 1714 .
Senedj ( also known as Sened and Sethenes ) is the name of an early Egyptian king ( pharaoh ) , who may have ruled during the 2nd dynasty .
Alexandru Todea ( 5 June 1912 , Teleac , Mureş County--22 May 2002 , Târgu - Mureş ) was a Romanian Greek - Catholic bishop of the Alba Iulia Diocese and later cardinal .
James Kimbrough Jones ( September 29 , 1839 -- June 1 , 1908 ) was a United States Senator .
Klint Kesto is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives representing a district primarily consisting of Wixom and Commerce Township .
Rensselaer Morse Lewis ( November 9 , 1820 - December 16 , 1888 ) was an American merchant from Fond du Lac , Wisconsin who served a single one - year term in 1873 as a Liberal Reform Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin .
Antonios Antonopoulos ( Greek : Αντώνιος Αντωνόπουλος ) ( 1805 - -1887 ) was a Greek politician of Achaia and a mayor of Patras .
George Talbot , 6th Earl of Shrewsbury , 6th Earl of Waterford , 12th Baron Talbot , 11th Baron Furnivall , KG , Earl Marshal ( 1528 -- 18 November 1590 ) was an English magnate and military commander .
Paulina Gamus is a Venezuelan political commentator and former member of the National Assembly of Venezuela .
Clement of Llanthony ( fl . mid-12th century ) was an Anglo - Norman monk and theologian who became prior of Llanthony Priory .
When she came to power in May 1979 , he was appointed to the position of Paymaster - General with a seat in the cabinet , with Thatcher saying `` I was anxious to have Angus Maude in the Cabinet to benefit from his years of political experience , his sound views , and his acid wit . ''
Pau Cendrós López ( born 1 April 1987 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Lugo as either a right back or a central defender .
Pēteris Lauks ( 10 February 1902 in Riga - 15 March 1984 in Kitchener , Canada ) was a Latvian football defender , one of the most capped footballers for Latvia national football team before World War II .
Gilberto dos Santos Souza Júnior ( born 20 October 1988 in Serrinha ) known as Gilberto , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Sacramento Republic in the USL Pro . He plays mainly as a defensive midfielder who sometimes plays as a central midfielder .
Ben Jago ( born 4 September 1996 ) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Annan Athletic on loan from Tranmere Rovers .
Bram Castro ( born 30 September 1982 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays for Dutch Eredivisie club Heracles Almelo as a goalkeeper .
Teemu Turunen ( born 19 January 1986 in Kuopio ) is a Finnish footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Edward Linskens ( born 6 November 1968 ) is a Dutch retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , mainly for PSV .
Mark Kosick ( born March 25 , 1979 in Victoria , British Columbia ) is a professional ice hockey centre .
Zdravko Iliev ( Bulgarian : Здравко Илиев ; born 19 October 1984 ) is a Bulgarian football defender who plays as a right back for Vereya Stara Zagora .
Lionel Lewis ( born 16 December 1982 ) is a retired Singaporean footballer who played for Singapore national football team as a goalkeeper .
Mohd Nurul Azwan Roya ( born 25 June 1986 ) is a Malaysian footballer currently plays as a midfielder for Johor Darul Ta'zim II in Malaysia Premier League .
Doka Madureira real name Francisco Lima da Silva ( born 11 February 1984 ) is a Brazilian football midfielder , currently playing for İstanbul Başakşehir in the Turkish Süper Lig .
John Keirs ( 1947 - -1995 ) was a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a central defender .
Ruben Buriani ( born 16 March 1955 in Portomaggiore , Province of Ferrara ) is a former Italian football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Arthur Walls was a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers .
Oleksiy Shevchenko ( Ukrainian : Олексій Миколайович Шевченко ; born 24 February 1992 in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper .
Pál Szalma ( born 12 March 1982 in Vásárosnamény ) is a Hungarian Football ( soccer ) goalkeeper .
Vladislav Sergeyevich Ozerov ( Russian : Владислав Серге́евич Озеров ; born 27 October 1995 ) is a Russian football forward .
Andreja Efremov ( Macedonian : Андреја Ефремов , born 2 September 1992 in Sveti Nikole ) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who plays as a goalkeeper for Renova .
Colin Barnes ( born 28 May 1957 ) is an English former professional footballer born in Notting Hill , London , who played as a forward in the Football League for Torquay United .
Nodar Mammadov ( Azerbaijani : Nodar Məmmədov ; born 3 June 1988 in Kaspi , Georgia ) is an Azerbaijani football defender who plays for Khazar Lankaran .
Vladimir Balić ( born 29 September 1970 ) was a Croatian football goalkeeper who last played for Hajduk Split .
Élton Constantino da Silva ( born 20 July 1989 ) , simply known as Élton is a Brazilian professional footballer playing as a midfielder .
Anton Holenkov ( Ukrainian : Антон Анатолійович Голенков ; born 17 December 1989 in Koreiz , Krym Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is an Ukrainian football midfielder .
Dmitri Uchaykin ( Russian : Дмитрий Викторович Учайкин ) ( June 10 , 1980 -- March 31 , 2013 ) was a Russian ice hockey left - winger .
Rain Raadik ( born 17 May 1989 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player , who plays in the positions of center and power forward .
Michel Périard ( born November 10 , 1979 ) is a Canadian - German professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Iserlohn Roosters in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
José Erick Correa ( born July 20 , 1992 in Acandí ) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Gimnasia .
Petro Didyk ( Ukrainian : Петро Миколайович Дідик ; 14 July 1960 -- 1 May 2015 ) was an Ukrainian football defender and football functionary .
Matt Crowe ( born 4 July 1932 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a wing half .
Craig Kowalski ( born January 15 , 1981 ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who most recently played for the Nottingham Panthers of the EIHL .
Abdul Karim Nizigiyimana Makenzi ( born 21 June 1989 in Bujumbura ) , known as Karim Nizigiyimana , is a Burundian footballer who currently plays for Kenyan Premier League side Gor Mahia and the Burundi national team as a defender .
Héctor Berenguel del Pino ( born 11 October 1974 ) , known simply as Héctor , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back or a central defender .
Kurt Morath ( born 13 November 1984 in North Shore City , New Zealand ) is a rugby union footballer who plays as fly - half .
Fahrija Dautbegović ( born November 15 , 1943 ) is a Bosnian former football goalkeeper .
Michal Habai ( born 30 July 1985 ) is a Slovakian professional footballer who plays as a defender ( or defensive midfielder ) .
Rob Verbakel ( born 13 May 1987 in Nelson , New Zealand ) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a lock in the Aviva Premiership for the Northampton Saints .
José Luis González China ( born 3 June 1966 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican football manager and former defender .
Jânio Daniel do Nascimento Santos , simply known as Jânio ( born 3 July 1991 ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward .
Sara Gama ( born 27 March 1989 ) is an Italian football defender who plays for ACF Brescia of the Italian Serie A. She has also played for PSG of Division 1 Féminine , UPC Tavagnacco and Calcio Chiasiellis of Serie A , as well as American W - League team Pali Blues .
Alan Ogley is a footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Barnsley , Manchester City , Stockport County and Darlington .
Vladimir Ivelja ( born March 20 , 1988 ) is a Serbian professional basketball power forward who currently plays for Feni Industries .
Goran Rubil ( born 9 March 1981 , in Slavonski Brod , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian football midfielder who last played for Asteras Tripolis in Greek Super League .
José Carlos da Silva José ( born 22 September 1941 ) , known as José Carlos , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played mostly as a central defender .
Alan Bulloch born 7 July 1977 , in Glasgow was a Scottish international rugby union centre .
Michalis Tsamourlidis ( born 22 March 1992 in Tsalka , Georgia ) is a Greek footballer , currently playing for Ethnikos Alexandroupolis in the Football League 2 , as a defender .
Predrag Jeremić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Предраг Јеремић ; born 22 November 1987 in Šabac ) is a Serbian football midfielder who last played for Sloboda Užice in the Serbian First League .
Reece James ( born 7 November 1993 ) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Wigan Athletic .
Jorge Luis Ruiz Sandoval ( born 1 octubre 1989 ) is a Venezuelan professional footballer as a forward who plays for Trujillanos FC .
Noé Acosta Rivera ( born 10 December 1983 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Greek club PAS Giannina F.C. as a left midfielder .
Alexis Khazzaka ( born April 15 , 1994 ) is a French - Lebanese midfielder who is currently a player for Al - Ahly Aley in the Lebanese Premier League .
Richard Haughton ( born 8 November 1980 ) is a rugby union footballer who can play on the wing or at fullback for Perpignan in the Top 14 , and was a former member of England Saxons and England Sevens squads .
Simon Whaley ( born 7 June 1985 ) is an English former footballer who played as a winger .
Avilla Bergin ( born 1 August 1991 ) is an association football forward from Northern Ireland .
Nassim Banouas ( born 8 September 1986 in Worms , West Germany ) is a German footballer who last played as a defender for SV Wiesbaden .
Ion Timofte ( born 16 December 1967 ) is a Romanian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder , and the current chairman of ACS Poli Timișoara .
Filippo Perucchini ( born 6 October 1991 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie B side Varese on loan from Lecce .
Alberto Nocerino ( born 20 December 1975 , in Torre Annunziata , Province of Naples ) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for S.S. Cavese 1919 .
Gary Coulibaly ( born 30 March 1986 ) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Henrique de Jesus Bernardo ( born 19 January 1987 in Campinas ) , commonly known as Henrique , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward .
Fabijan Cipot ( born 25 August 1976 in Murska Sobota ) is a Slovenian football defender .
Abderrahmane Mahjoub or Abderrahmane Belmahjoub ( April 25 , 1929 -- August 31 , 2011 ) was a French and Moroccan international football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Maxime Bossis ( French pronunciation : ​(maksim bɔsis ) ; born June 26 , 1955 in Saint - André - Treize - Voies , Vendée ) is a retired football defender from France , who obtained 76 caps ( one goal ) for the French national team .
Ibrahim Diaky ( born May 24 , 1982 in Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire ) is an Emirati football midfielder .
Mark Santel ( born July 5 , 1968 in Saint Louis , Missouri ) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who is currently an assistant coach for the Saint Louis Billikens .
Enea Koliqi ( born 13 December 1986 in Pogradec ) is an Albanian goalkeeper who plays for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
Suani Uelese is an American Samoan footballer who plays as a forward .
Michel Simplício Rosseto ( born 26 March 1986 in São Paulo ) , known as Simplício , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for United Arab Emirates club Al Khaleej Club as a forward .
Leonid Koshelev ( Russian : Леони́д Алекса́ндрович Ко́шелев , Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Koshelev ) ( born 20 December 1979 ) is a Russian - Uzbekistani football midfielder .
Alain Giresse ( French pronunciation : ​(alɛ̃ ʒiʁɛs ) ; born 2 August 1952 in Langoiran , Gironde ) is a retired French international footballer who played as a midfielder .
Jussi Markkanen ( born May 8 , 1975 in Imatra , Finland ) is an ice hockey goaltender for SaiPa of the SM - liiga .
William Alexander Ross ( 15 November 1913 -- 28 September 1942 ) was a Scottish international rugby union player , who was killed in World War II . He was capped twice for Scotland in 1937 at fly - half .
Roberto Floriano ( born 14 August 1986 in Albstadt , Germany ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Pisa .
Aleksandar Čanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Чановић , born 18 February 1983 in Kosovska Mitrovica ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cherno More Varna in the Bulgarian A Football Group .
Paul Marquis ( born 29 August 1972 ) is an English former football defender .
Scott Stajcer ( born June 14 , 1991 ) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender and is currently an unrestricted free agent .
Alain Moizan ( born November 18 , 1953 in Saint - Louis ) is a retired French professional football midfielder .
Fabio Gallo ( born 11 September 1970 , in Bollate ) is an Italian association football former coach of Giacomense in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione and a former Italian footballer who played in the role of a midfielder .
Lars Højer Nielsen ( born 8 December 1970 ) is a former Danish professional football midfielder .
Jimmy Nielsen ( born August 6 , 1977 ) is a retired Danish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Bobby Frasor played at North Carolina from 2005 to 2009 as both point guard and shooting guard .
Lloyd Doesburg ( April 29 , 1960 -- June 7 , 1989 in Paramaribo ) was a Dutch football goalkeeper .
Younes Namli ( born 20 June 1994 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Dutch club Heerenveen , as a winger .
Andrew Gregor ( born November 22 , 1975 in Syracuse , New York ) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in Major League Soccer , the USL First Division , the USL Premier Development League and Major Indoor Soccer League .
Andreas Melanarkitis(Greek : Aντρέας Μελαναρκίτης ; born 15 October 1975 ) is a former international Cypriot football defender .
Romario Kortzorg ( born August 25 , 1989 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a forward for Romanian club Dinamo București .
Uriel Álvarez Rivera ( born 1 May 1990 ) is a Mexican professional footballer , who plays as a defender for Atlético San Luis in the Ascenso MX , on loan from Club Santos Laguna .
Cătălin Carp ( born 20 October 1993 in Chișinău ) is a Moldavian footballer who plays mainly as a defensive midfielder for Romanian club Steaua București and Moldova national football team .
Milan Mačvan ( Serbian : Милан Мачван , born November 16 , 1989 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Emporio Armani Milano of the Lega Basket Serie A. Standing at 2.06 m ( 6 ft 9 in ) , he plays at the power forward position .
Pablo Daniel Escobar Olivetti ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpaβlo eskoˈβar ) , born 12 July 1978 ) is a Paraguayan - born Bolivian footballer that currently plays for Bolivian Primera División club The Strongest as an attacking midfielder or second striker .
Tommy Robson ( born 31 July 1944 in Gateshead , England ) is a former English footballer who played as a left winger .
Jason Shoemark ( born 5 February 1981 in Whangarei , New Zealand ) is a professional rugby union player who serves as a centre for the Hawke 's Bay in the ITM Cup .
Adam Sollitt ( born June 22 , 1977 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper from 1995 to 2012 .
Eduard Kakosyan ( Armenian : Էդուարդ Կակոսյան , born on 4 June 1986 ) , is an Armenian professional football midfielder .
Alyaksey Suchkow ( Belarusian : Аляксей Сучкоў ; Russian : Алексей Сучков ; born 10 June 1981 ) is a Belarusian football midfielder who plays for Naftan Novopolotsk .
Nicolás Andrés Schenone Paz de Olivera ( born April 24 , 1986 in Montevideo ) , commonly known as Nicolás Schenone , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Cerro Largo as a midfielder .
Manny Neves is a retired Portuguese - American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the North American Soccer League , United Soccer League , and Major Indoor Soccer League .
Nikola Gulan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Гулан ; born 23 March 1989 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Belgian club Royal Mouscron - Péruwelz , as a defender or midfielder .
Agustín Rodríguez Santiago ( born 10 September 1959 in Marín , Pontevedra , Galicia ) , known simply as Agustín , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Jeong Seung - hyun ( Hangul : 정승현 ; born 3 April 1994 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Ulsan Hyundai in K League Classic .
Raúl Rico Ramírez ( born April 12 , 1981 in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico ) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a defender for Delfines .
Quentin Beunardeau ( born 27 February 1994 in Le Mans ) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for French club AS Nancy in Ligue 2 .
Luke Berry ( born 12 July 1992 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Cambridge United as a central midfielder .
Blake Watson ( October 18 , 1903 , -- May 19 , 1998 ) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger who played for the University of Manitoba Grads team that won the World Hockey Championship .
Pat Sanderson ( born 6 September 1977 in Chester ) is a former England international rugby union player and a former flanker for Worcester .
Deian Boldor ( born 3 February 1995 ) is a Romanian footballer of Serbian descent who plays for Virtus Lanciano as a defender .
Patrick Joseph Oboya Onyango ( born on 19 February 1987 ) , known as Patrick Oboya , is a Kenyan footballer who is currently plays for Kenyan Premier League side Tusker as a midfielder .
José Luis Silva Araya ( born January 7 , 1991 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean footballer , who plays as midfielder for Curicó Unido .
Sunisa Srangthaisong ( Thai : สุนิสา สร้างไธสง born 6 May 1988 ) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a defender .
Cuthbert Storey ( born 1878 ) was an English professional association footballer who played as an inside forward .
Josep Maria Guzmán Cañas ( born February 28 , 1984 in Badalona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish basketball player , playing the point guard position .
Marcel Hossa ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈmartsɛl ˈɦosa ) ; born October 12 , 1981 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for HC Plzeň in the Czech Extraliga .
Rodrigo Pimpão Vianna or simply Rodrigo Pimpão ( born October 23 , 1987 in Curitiba ) , is a Brazilian forward who currently plays for Emirates Club .
Sajmir Gjokeja ( born 31 March 1985 ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an offensive midfielder for Besëlidhja Lezhë in the Albanian First Division .
Nenad Novaković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Heнaд Hoвaкoвић ; born 14 July 1982 in Titovo Užice , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Deimantas Petravičius ( born 2 September 1995 ) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Stevenage on loan Nottingham Forest and the Lithuania national senior team .
Harry Medhurst ( 5 February 1916 -- April 1984 ) was a footballer who played for Woking , West Ham United , Chelsea and Brighton as a goalkeeper .
Carlos Calderón de la Barca Perea ( born 2 October 1934 - September 2012 ) was a Mexican football league forward .
Jozef Móder ( born 19 September 1947 ) is a former Slovak football midfielder and later coach .
Ricardo Ferrero ( 5 April 1955 -- 16 November 2015 ) was an Argentine professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Cruz Azul , Barcelona and Racing de Santander .
Martin Arlofelt ( born 25 January 1985 ) is a Danish former professional association football player in the defender position , who played in the Danish Superliga championship for HB Køge .
Geoff Merrick ( born 29 April 1951 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a central defender , making over 300 career appearances .
Robert Bednarek ( born February 23 , 1979 in Bydgoszcz ) is a Polish footballer ( left defender ) .
Orestes Júnior Alves ( born 24 March 1981 in Lavras , Minas Gerais ) , known simply as Orestes , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender .
Christian Brink ( born 17 March 1983 ) is a Norwegian footballer that plays for Sarpsborg 08 as a central defender .
Fredy Henkyer Montero Muñoz ( born 26 July 1987 ) , known as Fredy Montero , is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Chinese club Tianjin Teda .
Edisson Jordanov ( Bulgarian : Едисон Йорданов , born 8 June 1993 ) is a German - Bulgarian footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Stuttgarter Kickers .
Celso Otero Quintás ( born February 1 , 1959 in Montevideo ) is a retired football goalkeeper from Uruguay , who obtained one official cap for the Uruguay national football team : on August 7 , 1988 in a friendly against Colombia ( 1 - 2 ) in Bogotá .
Lu Kun - chi ( Chinese : 呂昆錡 ; pinyin : Lǚ Kūnqí , born February 6 , 1985 in Tainan County ( now part of Tainan City ) , Republic of China ) is a Taiwanese football goalkeeper .
Pietari Holopainen ( born 26 September 1982 ) is a Finnish retired professional football defender who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side KuPS in Finland .
Damian Rhodes ( born May 28 , 1969 ) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender .
Ray Farningham ( born 10 April 1961 in Dundee ) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a midfielder for a handful of Scottish clubs .
Lorenzo Prisco ( born 16 February 1987 in Nocera Inferiore ) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Pergocrema .
Peter Burridge ( born 30 December 1933 in Harlow ) is an English former footballer who played as an inside forward in the 1950s and 1960s .
César Alexis Canario ( born 18 August 1987 ) is an Argentinian football forward playing with Huracan de Comodoro Rivadavia .
Vesislav Ilchev ( born 27 May 1977 ) is a Bulgarian football defender , who currently plays for Master Burgas in the Bulgarian V Football Group .
Willie Iverson ( born October 8 , 1945 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a retired professional basketball point guard who played one season in the American Basketball Association ( ABA ) as a member of the Miami Floridians during the 1968 - -69 season .
Christophe Galtier ( born 23 August 1966 in Marseille ) is a French former football defender , who is currently the Head Coach of AS Saint - Étienne .
Giuseppe Giannini ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈzɛppe dʒanˈnini ) ; born 20 August 1964 in Rome ) is a former Italian international footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Anne Shirley is a fictional character introduced in the 1908 novel Anne of Green Gables by Lucy Maud Montgomery .
Jimmy McNulty is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire , played by English actor Dominic West .
Peleg ( Hebrew : פֶּלֶג / פָּלֶג , Modern Péleg / Páleg Tiberian Péleḡ / Pāleḡ ; `` division '' ) is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible as one of the two sons of Eber , an ancestor of the Israelites , according to the `` Table of Nations '' in Genesis 10 - 11 and 1 Chronicles 1 .
Molly Walker , portrayed by Adair Tishler ( original series ) and Francesca Eastwood ( Reborn ) , is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes .
James Stenbeck is a fictional character on CBS 's daytime drama As the World Turns .
Other sources for this story , such as Ramayana , Mahabharata , Harivamsa and Matsya Purana , do not mention Durvasa 's involvement at all and ascribe the incident to other causes , such as the devas ' and asuras ' desire for immortality .
Oddjob has appeared in the James Bond video games GoldenEye 007 and 007 :
The story of Noah 's Ark is told in the Torah in the Genesis flood narrative .
Radagast appears in The Lord of the Rings and Unfinished Tales , and is mentioned in The Hobbit and The Silmarillion .
The Killer Rabbit of Caerbannog is a fictional character in the Monty Python film Monty Python and the Holy Grail .
Stan Beeman is a fictional character in the American television drama series The Americans on FX , and the supporting male character .
Orpah ( Hebrew : עָרְפָּה‎ ) is a woman mentioned in the Book of Ruth in the Hebrew Bible .
As per the Mahabharata , Karna was the only warrior in that era who conquered the entire world .
Megatron had conquered Cybertron by 2005 in the animated film , The Transformers : The Movie .
Zantafio is a recurring fictional antagonist in the Spirou et Fantasio comic book series .
Count Orlok ( German : Graf Orlok ) is the main antagonist / titular character and a character portrayed by Max Schreck in the classic 1922 silent film Nosferatu , eine Symphonie des Grauens .
Wai Lin ( Chinese 林慧 ) is a fictional character in the 1997 James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies , portrayed by Michelle Yeoh .
Tessier - Ashpool is a fictional family appearing in William Gibson 's Sprawl trilogy novels .
Devar ( film ) is a 1966 Hindi film directed by Mohan Sehgal .
Music in a Doll 's House is the debut album by progressive rock group Family , released on 19 July 1968 .
A Goat 's Tail is a 2006 British - Ghanaian film and is the directorial debut feature of Julius Amedume who also wrote the script .
The Silent Fall is a 2007 South African drama film set in and around Cape Town , focusing on the AIDS problem of Africa .
Aatank Hi Aatank ( Hindi : आतंक ही आतंक;English : Terror everywhere ) is a 1995 Indian crime film was written , edited and directed by Dilip Shankar .
Ragalaipuram is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film directed by Mano , which is a remake of the 1991 Malayalam film Aanaval Mothiram .
Garbage Warrior is a 2007 film about architect Mike Reynolds , inventor of the Earthship style of building , directed by Oliver Hodge .
Hawmps ! is a 1976 American film about a United States Cavalry experiment to introduce camels into the service in the western United States , specifically Wyoming .
The Great Divorce was first printed as a serial in an Anglican newspaper called The Guardian in 1944 and 1945 , and soon thereafter in book form .
Sky Soldiers is a vertical scrolling Shoot em '' Up developed by Alpha Denshi and released to arcades in 1988 by Romstar in North America and SNK in the rest of the world .
Tant d'amour perdu ( Le insaziabili ) is a 1958 French - Italian film .
I Like to Play Games is a 1995 American erotic drama film directed by Moctezuma Lobato and written by David Keith Miller and it stars Lisa Boyle and Ken Steadman , with Jennifer Burton , Monique Noel , and Cheryl Rixon .
Two Guys from Milwaukee ( UK title : Royal Flush ) is a 1946 comedy film about a Balkan prince who wants to see for himself what America is really like .
The Terrornauts is a 1967 science fiction film produced by Amicus Productions .
Killer 's Paradise is a 2007 documentary exploring the high murder rate of women that has persisted unsolved in Guatemala since the end of the Guatemalan Civil War .
Las Pirañas aman en Cuaresma ( English : The Piranhas love in Lent ) is a 1969 Mexican drama film .
A Useful Life ( Spanish : La vida útil ) is a 2010 Uruguayan drama film about the love of film , directed by Federico Veiroj and shot in black - and - white .
The Beach Girls and the Monster ( aka Monster from the Surf ) is a horror and beach party film , released in 1965 .
Life Partner is a 2009 Bollywood romantic comedy film .
The Castanet Club is a 1991 Australian film starring the popular Newcastle cabaret troupe , The Castanet Club .
Totally Bill Hicks is a video , originally released in 1994 , documenting the life and comedy of Bill Hicks .
His Convict Bride is a 1918 Australian silent film from the team of John and Agnes Gavin .
The Dawning is a 1988 British film , based on Jennifer Johnston 's novel , The Old Jest which depicts the Irish War of Independence through the eyes of the Anglo - Irish landlord class .
Rhymes for Young Ghouls is a 2013 Canadian drama film and the feature film debut of writer - director Jeff Barnaby .
Slim Susie ( Swedish : Smala Sussie ) is a 2003 Swedish comedy crime film .
ThanksKilling is a 2008 horror comedy film written and directed by Jordan Downey , and co - written by Brad Schulz , Tony Wilson , Grant Yaffee , and Kevin Stewart .
An American Rhapsody is a 2001 Hungarian - American biographical drama film that tells the story of a 15-year - old girl from a Hungarian - American family .
Tol'able David is a 1921 American silent film based on the Joseph Hergesheimer short story .
First published in 1998 , the novel has been printed under a number of names , including The Sum of All Men , The Runelords , and The Runelords :
Return to Macon County is a 1975 sequel of the 1974 drive - in classic Macon County Line .
Reunion in Vienna is a 1933 American Pre - Code romantic drama produced and distributed by MGM .
The Caveman , also styled as The Cave Man , is a 1926 silent film comedy produced and distributed by Warner Bros ..
To Beat the Band is a 1935 American romantic comedy directed by Ben Stoloff using a screenplay by Rian James based on a story by George Marion , Jr ..
The Legend of Alfred Packer is a 1980 film by Jim Roberson from a script by Burton Raffel .
Trancers III is the second sequel of the Trancers series and went straight - to - video in 1992 .
Feudin ' , Fussin ' and A - Fightin ' ( 1948 ) is a musical comedy film from Universal Studios , starring Donald O'Connor .
Mother of the Shadows is an 1914 American short silent drama film directed by George Osborne and featuring Tsuru Aoki , Sessue Hayakawa , John Keller , Joe Goodboy and J. Barney Sherry in important roles .
Banker Bilo is a 1980 Turkish language comedy film directed and produced by Ertem Egilmez . The film features Ilyas Salman , Meral Zeren , Sener Sen and Ahu Tugba in the lead role .
Four Girls in Town is a 1957 film about four girls trying to be a movie star .
Sone Ki Lanka ( English : Golden Island ) is a 1992 Bollywood , Action film produced by Rajendra Patel on R.S.Films banner and directed by Ajay Kashyap .
A Trip to Paramountown is a 1922 American short silent documentary film produced by Famous Players - Lasky and released through Paramount Pictures .
Recaptured Love is a 1930 early talkie pre - Code musical drama film based on the play Misdeal by Basil Woon about a man who experiences a mid life crisis that results in his divorce .
Faces of Death V , released in 1995 , is a direct - to - video release consisting of highlights from the earlier films .
The Broken Wings is a 1962 film adaptation of the 1912 novel by Khalil Gibran .
The Ivory Ape is a television action film produced by Rankin / Bass released in 1980 .
For Chastity , or Namus Uğruna in Turkish , is a 1960 Turkish drama film directed and written by Osman F. Seden .
Ride Out for Revenge is a 1957 American Western film .
Saviour of the Soul ( alternative Chinese title 魔宮奇俠 ) is a 1991 Hong Kong martial arts action film .
Undercover Mosque is a documentary programme produced by the independent television company Hardcash Productions for the Channel 4 series Dispatches which was first broadcast on 15 January 2007 in the UK .
The Heart of the Angel is a documentary made by director / producer Molly Dineen in 1989 , before the 1992 renovation of the then 100-year - old Angel tube station on the London Underground .
Silent Scandals is a 2009 Nigerian romantic drama film written and produced by Vivian Ejike and directed by T.K. Falope , It stars Genevieve Nnaji , Majid Michel , Chelsea Eze , Uche Jombo and Ebele Okaro - Onyiuke .
Soviet Encyclopedic Dictionary ( Russian : Советский Энциклопедический Словарь , СЭС ) is an omnibus encyclopedic dictionary published by Sovetskaya Entsiklopediya ( 1st edition in 1979 , 2nd in 1982 , 3rd in 1984 , 4th in 1986 ) .
Cinerama Holiday is a 1955 film shot in Cinerama .
Harjaee ( meaning disloyal , unfaithful ) is a 1981 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Behl .
Paint and Powder is a surviving 1925 silent film produced and released by the Chadwick Film Company .
Gangavathar is a 1942 Tamil - language film directed by C. K. Sathasivam and produced by Sundaram Sound Studio , Madras .
Young Jesse James is a 1960 American adventure film directed by William F. Claxton and written by Orville H. Hampton and Jerry Sackheim .
Ethiraalikal is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Jesey and produced by Sainaba Hassan .
Fortune Lane is a 1947 British family drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Douglas Barr , Billy Thatcher and Brian Weske .
Be - Reham is a 1980 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raghunath Jhalani and produced by K.D. Shorey .
Down in San Diego is a 1941 American adventure film directed by Robert B. Sinclair and written by Franz Schulz and Harry Clork .
Soldier Girls is a 1981 documentary film by Nick Broomfield and Joan Churchill about several women training in the US army .
Chupi Chupi ( English : Silently ) is a 2013 film directed by Abir Bose and produced by Rakesh Shrivastav under the banner of Ma Sarada Chitra Mandir 2012 Production .
The Saturday Men is a 1962 British sports documentary about association football that follows a week in the life of West Bromwich Albion football club .
Sasquatch Mountain ( also called Devil on the Mountain ) is a 2006 science fiction film produced by Grizzly Peak Productions for the Syfy channel , and directed by Steven R. Monroe .
Punk the Vote ! ( in French Punk le vote ! ) is a 73-minute 2006 Canadian documentary about the Canadian elections , and a hilarious and at the same time a critical take on Canadian politics punk - rock style , when two punks decide to run as independent candidates for the Canadian elections .
The Census Taker is a 1984 black comedy directed by Bruce R. Cook .
The Mummy 's Ghost is the 1944 Universal Pictures sequel to The Mummy 's Tomb .
The Grey Glove is a 1928 Australian silent film based on a newspaper serial by E. V. Timms .
Crazy Little Thing ( also known as The Perfect You ) is a 2002 romantic comedy film written and directed by Matthew Miller .
Rekreatur is Equilibrium 's third full - length album , which was released on 18 June 2010 .
In 2011 , Scenes of a Crime won a Gotham Award for `` Best Film Not Playing At Theater Near You '' .
Pete on the Way to Heaven ( Russian : Петя по дороге в Царствие Небесное , translit . Petia po doroge v tsarstvie nebesnoye ) is a 2009 Russian drama film directed by Nikolai Dostal .
Madanakamarajan ( Tamil : மதனகாமராஜன் ) is a 1941 Tamil film directed by B. N .
Killer Tomatoes Eat France ! , was released in 1991 as the third and most recent sequel to Attack of the Killer Tomatoes .
The Black Panther 's Cub is a 1921 American silent film melodrama produced by William K. Ziegfeld , Florence Ziegfeld 's younger brother .
The Lazarus Child ( entitled The Last Door in Canada ) is a 2005 American drama film directed by Graham Theakston .
The Battle for Barking is a 2010 British documentary film , chronologically filming the campaign for the election of MP to the Barking constituency .
Witness 11 is a 2012 short dramatic film based on the testimony of renowned German poet and playwright , Bertolt Brecht , during the height of the 1940s Red Scare .
Tarzan 's Three Challenges ( 1963 ) is a British - American adventure film filmed in Metrocolor , which is a followup to 1962 's Tarzan Goes to India .
The Atheism Tapes is a 2004 BBC television documentary series presented by Jonathan Miller .
Innan filmen tagit slut is a Magnus Uggla live album , released in 2013 .
Motocross Kids a.k.a . Moto X Kids is a 2004 film directed by Richard Gabai , distributed by Tag Entertainment .
Border Line is a 2002 drama film , and the feature film debut of Korean - Japanese film director Sang - il Lee .
Viva Buddy is an American animated short film , released September 29 , 1934 ( though one source gives as a date December 12 ) .
Snow White and the Huntsman is a 2012 dark fantasy action - adventure film based on the German fairy tale `` Snow White '' compiled by the Brothers Grimm .
Ödipussi is a 1988 German comedy film , starring as well as written by Loriot , and the first of two films that he directed .
High School Big Shot is a 1959 film starring Tom Pittman as Marv Grant , a smart high school student whose plans for getting a college scholarship are threatened by his alcoholic father played by Malcolm Atterbury , and his relationship with the most popular girl in school .
Barbie as Rapunzel is a 2002 direct - to - video Barbie film directed by Owen Hurley .
Peter Pan & the Pirates is an American animated television series based on J.M. Barrie 's Peter Pan that originally aired on Fox Broadcasting Company from September 8 , 1990 to September 10 , 1991 .
Lonesome is a 1928 Part - talkie film by Hungarian - born American director Paul Fejös .
Fate as a Rat ( Bulgarian : Съдбата като плъх ) is a 2001 Bulgarian film directed by Ivan Pavlov .
Raja Paarvai ( Royal Gaze ) ( 1981 ) is a Tamil language feature film directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao .
When I Came Home is a 2006 documentary directed by Dan Lohaus about homeless veterans in the United States - from those who served in Vietnam to those returning from the Iraq War .
Give a Man a Job is a short film produced in 1933 in conjunction with the National Recovery Administration in which audience members were encouraged to offer jobs to the unemployed in the midst of the Great Depression .
Sad Movie is a 2005 South Korean romantic melodrama film with a star - studded cast .
Ninja Apocalypse is a 2014 American martial arts film directed by Lloyd Lee Barnett , written by Ashley Scott Meyers , and starring Christian Oliver , Les Brandt , Tara Macken , Kaiwi Lyman , and Isaac C. Singleton Jr. as ninjas who are framed for the assassination of a respected clan leader ( Cary - Hiroyuki Tagawa ) .
Yuddham Sei ( English : Wage War ) is a 2011 Indian Tamil crime thriller film written and directed by Myshkin .
Factory Boss ( Chinese : 打工老板 ) is a 2014 Chinese film directed by Zhang Wei .
The Occult History of the Third Reich , narrated by Patrick Allen and directed by Dave Flitton , is a 1991 four - part History Channel documentary regarding the occult influences and history of Nazi Germany and early 20th century Germany .
A Sunday in Kigali ( original French title : Un dimanche à Kigali ) is a 2006 Canadian feature film set during the Rwandan genocide .
Wild Boys of the Road is a 1933 Pre - Code Depression - era American film telling the story of several teens forced into becoming hobos .
Seducing Mr. Perfect ( Mr. 로빈 꼬시기 ) , alternatively known as Seducing Mr. Robin , is a South Korean film , released on December 7 , 2006 .
Find a Way , Comrade ( Snađi se druže ) is a 1981 Croatian film directed by Berislav Makarović .
American Tag - Team Wrestling is a 1992 professional wrestling video game that was released for multiple platforms .
Ayúdeme usted compadre is a 1968 Chilean musical film directed by Germán Becker .
All You Need Is Cash ( also known as The Rutles ) is a 1978 television film that traces ( in mockumentary style ) the career of a fictitious British rock group called The Rutles .
My Boss , My Teacher ( Hangul : 투사부일체 ; RR : Tusabu - ilche ) is a 2006 South Korean film and sequel to the 2001 film My Boss , My Hero .
Emergency Call Ambulance is a 1999 arcade game released by Sega .
MXML is an XML - based user interface markup language first introduced by Macromedia in March 2004 .
Dollar for the Dead is a 1998 TNT western television film .
`` Paint It Black '' was released to the U.S. on 7 May 1966 , reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 during a stay of 11 weeks .
Chakravarthini is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Charles Ayyampally and produced by George Varghese .
Guilty by Suspicion is a 1991 American drama film about the Hollywood blacklist and associated activities stemming from McCarthyism and the House Un - American Activities Committee .
La Brière ( translated as Passion and Peat ) is a 1923 novel by Alphonse de Chateaubriant that won the Grand prix du roman de l'Académie française for that year .
Kushi Kushiga ( English : Happy Happily ) is a 2004 Telugu film produced by Adityaram on Adityaram Movies banner , directed by G.Ram Prasad .
Death of a Dynasty is a comedy film first screened in 2003 .
Bettada Huli ( Kannada : ಬೆಟ್ಟದ ಹುಲಿ ) is a 1965 Kannada action drama film directed and written by A.V. Sheshagiri Rao .
Yorke released Tomorrow 's Modern Boxes independently via a paid - for BitTorrent bundle on 26 September 2014 .
An Adventure Through Time ( of Portuguese , Uma Aventura no Tempo ) is a 2007 Brazilian animated film based on the Monica 's Gang comic books .
Sob Sister is a 1931 American romance film directed by Alfred Santell and written by Edwin J. Burke .
Little but Tough ( Hungarian : Kicsi , de nagyon erös ) is a 1989 Hungarian drama film directed by Ferenc Grunwalsky .
Jeremy Hardy Gives Good Sex is a 1995 comedic short film , which is about a guide to good sex , including ' Dr ' Jeremy Hardy 's comedy sketches .
Kiss Me , Guido is a 1997 independent film comedy .
Charlie Ve'hetzi ( aka - Charlie and a Half ; Hebrew צ'ארלי וחצי ) is a 1974 Israeli comedy and cult movie .
I Love You , Apple , I Love You , Orange is a 2013 American independent romantic comedy - drama film by Horam Kim .
Chafed Elbows is a 1966 film directed by Robert Downey , Sr . A manic comic parody made for $ 12,000 , Chafed Elbows was a commercial success that raised the flag of the underground film scene and elevated the good cause of bad taste .
Mohabbataan Sachiyaan is a 2007 Pakistani Punjabi musical romance film directed by Shehzad Rafiq and produced by Shafqat Chaudhary .
Kulirkaattu is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film directed by Sagar and starring Charmila in the lead roles .
Magnificent Roughnecks is a 1956 American comedy film directed by Sherman A. Rose and written by Stephen Kandel .
Ramaiya Vastavaiya ( Telugu : Ramayya , will you come ? ; name of a popular Telugu folk song adopted by a 1950s Hindi film with same name and again re - adopted in 2013 ) is a 2013 Bollywood romance comedy film directed by Prabhudheva and produced by Kumar S. Taurani , under Tips .
Tank Wars ( also known as BOMB because of the file name ) is an artillery game developed in 1990 by Kenneth Morse .
The Magnificent Concubine ( pinyin : Yáng Guìfēi , lit . `` Yang Guifei '' ) is a 1962 Hong Kong drama film in color directed by Li Han Hsiang and is a remake of the Kenji Mizoguchi film Yōkihi ( 1955 ) .
Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin ( English : The heart does n't understand ) is a 1991 Indian Hindi romantic drama film .
Charandas is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by B.S. Thapa , starring Om Prakash , Urmila Bhatt , Lakshmi ( actress ) , Vikram Makandar , Farida Jalal , Raj Mehra , in lead roles .
Los dos apóstoles ( `` The Two Apostles '' ) is a 1964 Mexican comedy film .
Chuck Moll ( Italian : Ciakmull - L'uomo della vendetta , also known as Ciak Mull and The Unholy Four ) is a 1970 Italian spaghetti western .
Minotaur and Little Nerkin is a 1999 British animated short film created by Aardman Animations .
Team Picture is a 2007 mumblecore drama film written and directed by filmmaker Kentucker Audley .
Sunrise over Lake Van ( Armenian : Vanatzovun Arshaluyse ) is a 2011 Armenian drama film directed by Artak Igityan and Vahan Stepanyan .
Dekh Magar Pyaar Say is a 2015 Pakistani romantic comedy film directed by Asad ul Haq and produced by Ali Murtaza under the production banner Shiny Toy Guns .
The D'Agapeyeff cipher is an as - yet unbroken cipher that appears in the first edition of Codes and Ciphers , an elementary book on cryptography published by the Russian - born English cryptographer and cartographer Alexander D'Agapeyeff in 1939 .
Amor a la española ( English : Love , Spanish Style ) is a 1967 Spanish romantic comedy musical directed by Fernando Merino and script written by Alfonso Paso .
Aces ' N ' Eights is a 2008 action / adventure western television movie from RHI Entertainment , starring Casper Van Dien , Bruce Boxleitner and Ernest Borgnine .
Glaring Through Oblivion was published by HarperCollins Publishers and printed in China , and released on March 22 , 2011 .
Depression and Anxiety is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of Solvay Pharmaceuticals .
The Australian Journal of Primary Health is a quarterly peer - reviewed healthcare journal published by CSIRO Publishing on behalf of the Australian Institute for Primary Care & Ageing ( La Trobe University ) .
Bass Hunter 64 is a single - player fishing video game for the Nintendo 64 developed by Gear Head Studios and published by Take - Two Interactive .
The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins is a children 's book , written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Vanguard Press in 1938 .
Germany 1985 is a computer wargame published in 1983 by Strategic Simulations , Inc. Developed by Roger Keating it was the first in the `` When Superpowers Collide '' series , and was followed by RDF 1985 , Baltic 1985 :
Molecular Biology and Evolution is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal owned and edited by the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution and published by Oxford University Press .
The Structure of Scientific Revolutions was first published as a monograph in the International Encyclopedia of Unified Science , then as a book by University of Chicago Press in 1962 .
Jet Impulse is a flight simulation video game developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS . It was first announced on May 9 , 2006 , at the pre - E3 Nintendo conference .
It is published by Elsevier and an official journal of the European Society of Toxicology in Vitro and affiliated with the American Association for Cellular and Computational Toxicology .
Voyage into the Unknown is a game released by Mastertronic for the ZX Spectrum in 1984 written by Amoeba Software .
Brian Lara International Cricket 2005 ( BLIC ) ( also known as Ricky Ponting Cricket in Australia and New Zealand ) is a cricket video game from Codemasters , available on Xbox , PlayStation 2 and Windows PC platforms .
Darah Muda ( also known by the old spelling Darah Moeda , both meaning Young Blood ) is a 1927 novel written by Indonesian writer Djamaluddin Adinegoro and published by Balai Pustaka .
Magicland Dizzy is a platform adventure game published in Europe in 1990 by Codemasters for the ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 and Amiga platforms .
Karate Champ , known in Japan as Karate Dō ( 空手道 `` The Way of the Empty Hand '' ) , is a 1984 arcade fighting game developed by Technōs Japan for Data East .
Gun Dealer is a 1990 arcade game released by the Korean distributor Dooyong .
Five Quarters of the Orange is a novel by Joanne Harris first published by Doubleday in 2001 .
ACS Catalysis is a monthly online peer - reviewed scientific journal established in 2011 by the American Chemical Society .
Dizzy Down the Rapids is an arcade style action video game that was published in 1991 by Codemasters for the Amstrad CPC , Spectrum , DOS , Atari ST , Commodore 64 and Amiga .
The Alamut series consists of the two fantasy books Alamut ( Doubleday , 1989 ) and The Dagger and the Cross ( Doubleday , 1991 ) by Judith Tarr .
Advances in Chemical Physics is a peer reviewed , scientific journal in the fields of chemistry and physics and related interdisciplinary fields ( e.g. biophysics ) published by John Wiley & Sons .
Alien Front Online is a 2001 video game released for the Sega Dreamcast exclusively in North America .
Master Chu and the Drunkard Hu ( Chinese : 盜帥楚留香 ; pinyin : Dào Shuài Chu Liúxiāng , lit . `` Chu Liuxiang : Bandit Chief '' ) is a platform video game released in Asia and in North America for the NES by Joy Van in 1989 and was published by Color Dreams for the North American release .
Defeat into Victory is an account of the retaking of Burma by Allied forces during the Second World War by the British Field Marshal William Slim and published in the UK by Cassell in 1956 .
20th Century Ghosts is the first publication made by American author Joe Hill in October 2005 by PS Publishing which is based in the United Kingdom .
The Shipping News is a novel by American author E. Annie Proulx , published by Charles Scribner 's Sons in 1993 .
A Gun for Dinosaur and Other Imaginative Tales is a short story collection by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp , first published in hardback by Doubleday in 1963 , and in paperback by Curtis Books in 1969 .
The Revista Colombiana de Química ( English : Colombian Journal of Chemistry ) is an open access peer - reviewed scientific journal on chemistry published by the National University of Colombia .
The Electronic Journal of Probability is a peer - reviewed open access scientific journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Bernoulli Society .
The Journal of Conservative Dentistry is an open - access peer - reviewed medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Federation of Operative Dentistry ( India ) .
The Journal of Biological Systems was founded in 1993 and is published quarterly by World Scientific .
An Annotated Checklist of the Birds of the Oriental Region is a 1996 softback book published by the Oriental Bird Club , and authored by Tim Inskipp , Nigel Lindsey and Will Duckworth .
Nature Materials , is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Nature Publishing Group .
Son of Blagger , the sequel to Blagger , is a scrolling platform game created by Tony Crowther and released by Alligata for the Commodore 64 computer in 1983 .
Sunshine State of Mind was released through S - Curve Records on July 5 , 2011 on iTunes and July 12 everywhere else .
`` Send One Your Love '' is a 1979 soul single by American and Motown musician and singer Stevie Wonder .
The Rolling Stones , Now ! is the third American studio album by the Rolling Stones , released in 1965 by their initial American distributor , London Records .
Soft Airplane is the third album by Chad VanGaalen , released in 2008 on Flemish Eye and Sub Pop . It was VanGaalen 's first album to consist entirely of songs newly recorded for the album ; his prior releases compiled tracks from a library of home recordings he had made over a number of years .
`` Kamen / Mirai Kōkai '' is Tackey & Tsubasa 's fifth single under the Avex Trax label .
Undun is the tenth studio album by American hip hop band The Roots , released on December 2 , 2011 , by Def Jam Recordings .
Beast Within is the second studio album by the Finnish symphonic metal band Katra , released on August 29 , 2008 through the independent record label Napalm Records .
The Ethiopia Federal Democratic Unity Forum ( Amharic : ኢትዮጵያ ፌደራል ደሞችራትች ኡንትይ ፎሩም ; abbreviated as FORUM ? is a political party in Ethiopia . Moga Frissa is the chairman of the party . The election symbol of the party is five fingers . FORUM fielded 270 candidates for the 2015 Ethiopian general election .
100 % Ginuwine is the second studio album from American R&B artist Ginuwine , released March 16 , 1999 , on 550 Music and distributed through Epic Records .
Ballads of the Hills and Plains is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams , Jr. The album was issued by MGM Records as number E / SE 4316 .
Travelin ' at the Speed of Thought is a 1977 album by American R&B group The O'Jays , released on the Philadelphia International Records label .
Ballads from the Revolution is the third album by the Santa Cruz , California - based hardcore punk band Good Riddance , released February 10 , 1998 through Fat Wreck Chords .
Fame and Wealth is a 1983 album by Loudon Wainwright III . It was originally released on Rounder Records .
Freaks & Icons is the debut album from the Vienna - based artists dZihan & Kamien , released on May 8 , 2000 , on Couch Records in Europe and on October 10 , 2000 , on Six Degrees Records in the USA .
Dance of the Idiots is the first Koby Israelite album to be released on the Tzadik Records imprint in 2003 .
Inevitable Collapse in the Presence of Conviction is NOLA sludge metal band Soilent Green 's fifth album , released through Metal Blade Records on April 15 , 2008 .
Doris Day 's Sentimental Journey is a Doris Day album , released by Columbia Records on July 12 , 1965 as a monophonic LP ( catalog number CL-2360 ) and a stereophonic album ( catalog number CS-9160 ) .
Start Something is the second studio album by the Welsh alternative metal band Lostprophets , released on 2 February 2004 through Visible Noise in the United Kingdom and South Korea .
As Long as There 's Music is an album of duets by bassist Charlie Haden and pianist Hampton Hawes recorded in 1976 and released on the Artists House label in 1978 .
Pinker and Prouder Than Previous is a 1988 album by British singer - songwriter Nick Lowe and was released on the Columbia Records label .
Secondathallam is the second solo album by Canadian singer - songwriter Andre Ethier , released in August 2006 on Paper Bag Records within North America .
Seek Magic is the first studio album of Dayve Hawke , under the alias of Memory Tapes .
All Hands on the Bad One is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Sleater - Kinney , released on May 2 , 2000 by Kill Rock Stars .
Beard , Wives , Denim is the fourth album by Australian psychedelic rock band Pond , released by Modular Recordings on 2 March 2012 in Australia .
Released through YBNL Nation with studio production from Pheelz , Young Jonn , B Banks and I.D. Cabasa , Eyan Mayweather is the follow up to 2 Kings , a collaborative album by Olamide and Phyno .
Use Your Brain is Clawfinger 's second album released in 1995 by MVG Records and Warner Music Group .
The Streets Made Me is the second studio album by American rapper Soulja Slim , released on No Limit Records .
The Magic of Youth is the ninth studio album from Boston ska punk band The Mighty Mighty Bosstones , released on December 6 , 2011 on Big Rig Records .
Castor , the Twin is a remix album by Dessa , a member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree .
Quik Is the Name is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist and producer DJ Quik , released by Profile Records on January 15 , 1991 .
Time and a Word is the second studio album from the progressive rock band Yes , released in July 1970 on Atlantic Records .
Children of the Black Sun is a studio album by Non , the primary project of musician Boyd Rice , released by Mute Records in 2002 .
On the Ellipse is the sixth album by Bardo Pond and first for ATP Recordings .
Sama Layuca is a studio album by American jazz pianist McCoy Tyner , released in 1974 by Milestone Records .
Occupational Hazard is Unsane 's fourth studio album , released on January 27 , 1998 through Relapse Records .
Tsukiyo no Ame ( Rain on a moonlit night ) is Jun Shibata 's fifth studio album and the first with Victor Entertainment .
At Yankee Stadium is the sixth studio album from NRBQ ( New Rhythm and Blues Quartet ) , released in 1978 on Mercury Records .
Sex & Religion is a studio album by guitarist Steve Vai , released under the band name `` Vai '' on July 23 , 1993 through Relativity Records .
Petitioning the Empty Sky was originally released through Ferret Music in 1996 and was also one of the earliest albums released through the newly formed label .
`` The One Who Really Loves You '' is a single recorded by Mary Wells on the Motown label in 1962 .
Downtown Church is the sixth studio album by American singer - songwriter Patty Griffin , released on January 26 , 2010 , by Credential Recordings , a Christian label distributed by EMI .
What Comes Naturally is singer - songwriter Sheena Easton 's eleventh studio album , released in 1991 on MCA Records .
`` 2 + 2 = ? '' ( spoken as `` two plus two equals what '' ) is a single from The Bob Seger System on their debut album Ramblin ' Gamblin ' Man , released in January 1968 , on Capitol Records .
`` Too Many Fish in the Sea '' is a 1964 hit song recorded by Motown singing group The Marvelettes .
Luv ' Hitpack is the seventeenth single by Dutch girl group Luv ' released in 1989 by Mercury Records / Phonogram Records and is a Megamix conceived by Peter Slaghuis .
The Great Milenko is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse , released on August 12 , 1997 , by Hollywood Records , in association with Psychopathic Records .
Pilot Talk is the third studio album by rapper Curren$y . It was to be the first released under the newly re - launched Roc - A - Fella Records by Damon Dash and distributed through Def Jam Recordings .
La ilusión viaja en tranvía ( English : Illusion Travels by Streetcar ) is a 1954 Mexican film , written by Luis Alcoriza and directed by Luis Buñuel .
My Night at Maud 's ( French : Ma nuit chez Maud ) is a 1969 French drama film by Éric Rohmer .
The Crossing Guard is a 1995 independent thriller directed and written by American actor Sean Penn .
Pokiri ( English : Rogue ) is a 2006 Indian Telugu action film , written and directed by Puri Jagannadh .
Syriana is a 2005 geopolitical thriller film written and directed by Stephen Gaghan , and executive produced by George Clooney , who also stars in the film with an ensemble cast .
Life Stinks is a 1991 comedy - drama directed by and starring Mel Brooks .
Mr. and Mrs. Iyer is a 2002 Indian drama film written and directed by Aparna Sen and produced by N. Venkatesan .
Attenberg is a Greek drama film , written and directed by Athina Rachel Tsangari .
The Pride of New York is a lost 1917 American silent war drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring his brother George Walsh .
Wild Reeds ( French : Les Roseaux sauvages ) is a 1994 French drama film directed by André Téchiné , about the sensitive passage into adulthood and the awakening of sexuality in four youths at the end of the Algerian War .
Dream of a Summer Night ( Italian : Sogno di una notte d'estate , also spelled as Dream of a Summer 's Night ) is a 1983 Italian musical film written and directed by Gabriele Salvatores , at his directorial debut .
The Ignorant Fairies ( Italian : Le fate ignoranti ; released on DVD in the US as His Secret Life ) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Turkish - Italian film director Ferzan Özpetek .
The Fourth State ( German : Die Vierte Macht ) is a 2012 German film directed by Dennis Gansel and starring Moritz Bleibtreu , Kasia Smutniak , Max Riemelt , Rade Serbedzija , Mark Ivanir and Isabella Vinet .
`` Live from Studio 6H '' was co - written by series creator , executive producer , and lead actress Fey and co - showrunner and screenwriter and producer Jack Burditt .
The Valet ( French : La Doublure ) is a 2006 French comedy film written and directed by Francis Veber and starring Gad Elmaleh , Alice Taglioni , Daniel Auteuil , and Kristin Scott Thomas .
Man with the Screaming Brain is a 2005 science fiction / slapstick film co - written , produced , directed by and starring Bruce Campbell .
The Witnesses ( French : Les Témoins ) is a 2007 French drama film directed by André Téchiné , starring Michel Blanc , Sami Bouajila , Emmanuelle Béart and Johan Libéreau .
About Cherry is a 2012 drama film and the directorial début of Stephen Elliott .
The screenplay by Romain Gary and Patrick Leigh Fermor is based on Romain Gary 's 1956 Prix Goncourt winning novel The Roots of Heaven ( Les racines du ciel ) .
Long Live Freedom ( Italian : Viva la libertà ) is a 2013 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Roberto Andò .
The Englishman and the Girl was a 1910 short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith .
Pensiero d'amore ( Italian for Thought of love ) is a 1969 Italian musicarello film directed by Mario Amendola and starring Mal and Silvia Dionisio .
Based on the novel Anthony Adverse by Hervey Allen , with a screenplay by Sheridan Gibney , the film is about an orphan whose debt to the man who raised him threatens to separate him forever from the woman he loves .
Bubù ( also known as Bubu ) is a 1971 Italian historical drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini .
Maniac Cop 2 is a 1990 American action horror film directed by William Lustig and written by Larry Cohen .
Rover Dangerfield is a 1991 American animated musical comedy film produced by Hyperion Animation and released by Warner Bros. , starring the voice talents of comedian Rodney Dangerfield , who also wrote and co - produced the film .
I diavoli di Spartivento ( also known as Weapons of Vengeance , Weapons of War , The Devils of Spartivento , Arms of the Avenger , Curse of the Haunted Forest and The Fighting Legions ) is a 1963 Italian adventure film directed by Leopoldo Savona and starring John Drew Barrymore and Scilla Gabel .
Sunday Heroes ( Italian : Gli eroi della domenica ) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Mario Camerini .
La seconda notte di nozze ( internationally released as The Second Wedding Night ) is an Italian comedy - drama film directed by Pupi Avati .
On purge bébé ( Baby 's Laxative ) is Jean Renoir 's first sound film .
À propos de Nice is a 1930 silent short documentary film directed by Jean Vigo and photographed by Boris Kaufman .
Seven Blood - Stained Orchids ( Italian : Sette orchidee macchiate di rosso ) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi .
Life Is a Bed of Roses ( French : La vie est un roman ) is a 1983 French film directed by Alain Resnais from a screenplay by Jean Gruault .
Getting Home ( simplified Chinese : 落叶归根 ; traditional Chinese : 落葉歸根 ; pinyin : Lùo yè gūi gēn ) is a 2007 Chinese comedy / drama film directed by Zhang Yang and starring Chinese comedian Zhao Benshan .
Noor pensionär ( Estonian ; English : A Young Retiree ) is an Estonian comedy film from 1972 , directed by Sulev Nõmmik and written by himself and Enn Vetemaa .
J.A. Martin Photographer ( French : J.A. Martin photographe ) is a 1977 Canadian drama film directed by Jean Beaudin .
Hallam Foe is a 2007 British drama film directed by David Mackenzie based on the novel written by Peter Jinks .
Die große Liebe ( The Great Love ) is a German drama film of the National Socialist period , made by Rolf Hansen , starring Zarah Leander and Viktor Staal .
The Very Private Life of Mister Sim ( original title : La Vie très privée de Monsieur Sim ; also known as The Terrible Privacy of Mr. Sim ) is a 2015 French comedy - drama film directed by Michel Leclerc and starring Jean - Pierre Bacri .
Marrying Mr. Perfect ( Chinese : 嫁個100分男人 ) is a 2012 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing .
Fixed Bayonets ! ( 1951 ) is a war film written and directed by Samuel Fuller and produced by Twentieth Century - Fox during the Korean War .
The Devil 's Carnival is a 2012 musical horror film directed by Darren Lynn Bousman starring Sean Patrick Flannery , Briana Evigan , Jessica Lowndes , Paul Sorvino , Emilie Autumn and Terrance Zdunich .
The Devil 's Backbone ( Spanish : El espinazo del diablo ) is a 2001 Spanish - Mexican gothic horror film directed by Guillermo del Toro , and written by del Toro , Antonio Trashorras and David Muñoz .
The Peddler and the Lady ( Italian title : Campo de ' fiori ) is a 1943 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Caterina Boratto , Cristiano Cristiani and Peppino De Filippo .
You 're Not You is a 2014 American drama film directed by George C. Wolfe and written by Jordan Roberts and Shana Feste , based on a novel of the same name by Michelle Wildgen .
Tales from the Hood is a 1995 horror anthology film directed by Rusty Cundieff , and executive produced by Spike Lee .
Room 666 ( French : Chambre 666 ) is a 1982 documentary film directed by German film director Wim Wenders .
Ali Baba and the Seven Saracens ( Italian : Sindbad contro i sette saraceni , also known as Sinbad Against the 7 Saracens ) is a 1964 Italian adventure film written and directed by Emimmo Salvi and starring Gordon Mitchell .
Cyrano and d'Artagnan ( French : Cyrano et d'Artagnan ) is a 1964 French adventure film directed by Abel Gance , starring José Ferrer and Jean - Pierre Cassel .
The Wind 's Fierce ( Spanish : La cólera del viento , Italian : La collera del vento , also known as Revenge of Trinity , Trinity Sees Red and The Wind 's Anger ) is a 1970 Spanish - Italian western - drama film written and directed by Mario Camus .
Mare matto , also known as Mad Sea and Crazy Sea , is a 1963 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Renato Castellani .
Written by Martin Olson and Jon Colton Barry , `` The Monster of Phineas - n - Ferbenstein '' was directed by Zac Moncrief .
Tilaï ( `` The Law '' ) is a 1990 award - winning Burkinabé drama film co - written , co - produced , and directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo .
Conan the Usurper is a 1967 collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp featuring Howard 's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian .
`` Welcome to Korea '' was a 2-episode story arc , the 73rd and 74th episodes of the M*A*S*H television series , and first two episodes of the fourth season of the series .
The Uplift War is a 1987 science fiction novel by David Brin and the third book of six set in his Uplift Universe .
`` Moe Baby Blues '' is the 22nd and final episode of the fourteenth season of The Simpsons .
The Tenth Planet is the partly missing second serial of the fourth season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 8 to 29 October 1966 .
The Empty Throne is the eighth historical novel in The Saxon Stories series by Bernard Cornwell , first published in October 2014 .
`` Four Walls and a Roof '' is the third episode of the fifth season of the post - apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead , which aired on AMC on October 26 , 2014 .
`` Captain 's Holiday '' is the 19th episode of the third season of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , and the 67th episode of the series overall .
`` Ye Gods '' is the second segment of the fifth episode of the first season ( 1985 - -86 ) from the television series The Twilight Zone .
Dark Horizon is the sequel to Tarr Chronicles .
Second Stage Lensmen is the fifth volume in the Lensman series , and the last to feature Kimball Kinnison as the most powerful Lensman in the service of the Galactic Patrol .
`` Livin ' the Dream '' is the twenty - first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the 197th episode overall .
`` Cartman 's Incredible Gift '' is episode 124 of the Comedy Central series South Park .
Down Beat Bear is a 1956 one reel animated Tom and Jerry cartoon , directed and produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera with music by Scott Bradley .
By the Light of the Green Star , published in 1974 , is the third novel of Lin Carter 's Green Star Series .
`` Lady & Peebles '' is the nineteenth episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time .
`` The One with the Sonogram at the End '' is the second episode of the NBC television series Friends .
`` A Losing Streak '' is the third episode of series 2 of the BBC sitcom , Only Fools and Horses .
Golden Wings and Other Stories is a collection of fantasy short stories by William Morris , first published in trade paperback by the Newcastle Publishing Company in March 1976 as the eighth volume of the celebrated Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library .
`` When You Wish Upon a Weinstein '' is the twenty - second episode of Family Guy 's third season , and the original series finale .
Les chapeaux noirs , album in the Belgian comic series Spirou et Fantasio , released in 1952 .
Nightmare Academy is a 2002 Christian fictional novel by Frank Peretti and the second novel in the Veritas Project series authored by Frank Peretti .
Erasing Sherlock is an original novel by Kelly Hale set in the Faction Paradox universe .
`` Future 's End '' is a two - part episode from the third season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Voyager , the eighth and ninth of the season and the 50th and 51st overall .
`` The Courtship of Betty 's Father '' is the 14th episode in the third season , the 55th episode overall , of the American Dramedy series Ugly Betty , which aired on February 12 , 2009 .
The Dominators is the first serial of the sixth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which originally aired in five weekly parts from 10 August to 7 September 1968 .
The Hollowing is the third fantasy novel of the Mythago Wood series written by Robert Holdstock .
Dead Until Dark , published in 2001 , is the first novel in Charlaine Harris ' series The Southern Vampire Mysteries .
`` ' Penny - Wiseguys '' is the fifth episode of the 24th season of The Simpsons and the 513th overall .
Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods is an epic fantasy novel , and the third book in The Underland Chronicles by Suzanne Collins .
People Are Bunny is a 1959 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon , directed by Robert McKimson , starring Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck .
Liu Zhixin ( simplified Chinese : 刘智新 ; traditional Chinese : 劉智新 ; pinyin : Liú Zhìxīn ; born April 25 , 1993 in Qiqihar , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female ice hockey player .
Amy Johnson , CBE ( 1 July 1903 -- 5 January 1941 ) was a pioneering English aviatrix and was the first female pilot to fly alone from Britain to Australia .
Malia Manuel is a current female professional surfer from Kauai , Hawaii .
Delara Darabi ( Persian : دلارا دارابى‎‎ ) ( S29 September 1986 -- 1 May 2009 ) was an Iranian Gilaki woman who was sentenced to death after having been convicted of murdering her father 's female cousin in 2003 .
Kari Seitz ( born November 2 , 1970 ) is an American professional soccer referee , considered one of the most experienced female referees in the world .
Menelaus continually revisits the human cost of the Trojan War , particularly in light of the fact that he and Helen have no male heir .
Ellen Churchill Semple ( January 8 , 1863 -- May 8 , 1932 ) was an American geographer and the first female president of the Association of American Geographers .
Hanan Ahmed Khaled ( Arabic : حنان احمد خالد‎ ; born 23 March 1963 ) is an Egyptian female former track and field athlete , who specialised in the shot put and discus throw events .
Óscar Peñas García ( born 17 November 1974 in Madrid ) is a male judoka from Spain , who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics : 2000 , 2004 , and 2008 .
The wider context of these remarks , describing the physical intimacy open to male pairs , indicates that the love exemplified by Orestes and Pylades would not necessarily have excluded even more overt homoerotic or homosexual elements .
Katsuhiko Matsuda ( Japanese : 松田 克彦 ; born May 10 , 1965 ) is a retired male decathlete from Japan .
Shi Dan ( Chinese : 史丹 ; pinyin : Shǐ Dān ; born December 3 , 1980 in Shenyang ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Ma Yunfeng ( Chinese : 马云峰 ; born October 17 , 1983 in Harbin ) is a Chinese male short track speed skater .
In 2011 , Hale Appleman portrayed Mercutio in Alan Brown 's Private Romeo , a modern - day adaptation set at an all - male military academy .
Durgabai Kamat ( 1899 -- May 17 , 1997 ) was a Marathi actress , who was the first female actress of Indian cinema .
Yu Guan - lin ( Chinese : 余冠燐 ; born 29 November 1993 ) is a male Taiwanese recurve archer .
Li Xuanxu ( Chinese : 李玄旭 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xuánxù ; born February 5 , 1994 in Zhuzhou , Hunan ) is a female Chinese swimmer , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Yip Pui Yin ( Chinese : 葉姵延 ; pinyin : Yè Pèiyán ; Jyutping : jip6 bui6 jin4 ; born 6 August 1987 ) is a female badminton player from Hong Kong .
Lim Khim Wah ( born 29 April 1989 in Penang ) is a male professional badminton player from Malaysia .
Tibor Gécsek ( born September 22 , 1964 in Szentgotthárd ) is a retired male hammer thrower from Hungary .
Chen Weiqiang ( Chinese : 陈伟强 ; born 1958 in Dongguan , Guangdong ) is a male Chinese weightlifter .
Bobby Aloysius ( born 22 June 1974 ) is a female athlete from India now residing in the Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala .
Isabelle Devaluez ( born 17 March 1966 in Grenoble , Isère ) is a retired female discus thrower from France , who competed in the discus contest at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Sherali Dostiev ( Шерали Достиев ; born January 12 , 1985 in Dushanbe , Region of Republican Subordination ) is a male boxer from Tajikistan .
Lucie Dejardin ( French : ( dəʒaʁdɛ̃ ) ; 1875 - -1945 ) was a Belgian politician , the first female member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives ; she was elected under the auspices of the Belgian Workers Party to represent the district of Liège .
As a widow , Ebba Brahe became one of the many powerful female land holders , who occupy a significant place in the local legends of Sweden during the 16th and 17th centuries , such as Barbro Påle , Sophia Drake , Margareta Huitfeldt and Margareta von Ascheberg .
Phetogo Molawa is South Africa 's first black female helicopter pilot in the South African Air Force and the South African National Defence Force .
Hannah Booth , writing in The Guardian , explains that Marimekko 's founder , Armi Ratia , `` recruited Maija Isola , the first and most important of many young female designers , to create original prints '' .
Ayşegül Behlivan is a Turkish female Muay Thai and wushu practitioner .
Susanne Nyström , born 29 December 1982 in Laisvall , Sweden is a Swedish female cross - country skier and nurse .
Anna Bayerová ( 1853 - -1924 ) was the second Czech female medical doctor , after Bohuslava Kecková .
Mrs Wood ( born Jane Rolink ) is a female DJ and record producer involved in the hardbag and UK techno scene .
Zeynep Murat Duran ( born Zeynep Murat on September 15 , 1983 ) is a European champion Turkish female Taekwondo practitioner .
Harumi Tsuyuzaki ( 露崎春女 , aka Lyrico ; born April 11 , 1974 in Kawasaki , Kanagawa , Japan ) is a female Japanese pop , R&B , soul singer and songwriter .
Tomáš Zíb ( born 31 January 1976 ) , is a retired male tennis player from the Czech Republic .
Stephanie Izard ( born October 30 , 1978 ) is an American chef residing in Chicago , Illinois , best known as the first female chef to win Bravo 's Top Chef , taking the title on the fourth season .
As a result , Coroner Charles Mack officially concluded that the adult female body discovered in the ruins was Belle Gunness .
Esma Aydemir ( born January 1 , 1992 in Karakeçili , Kırıkkale Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish female middle distance runner competing mostly in the 1500 m , 3000 m and 5000 m events .
Valentina Tirozzi ( born 26 March 1986 ) is an Italian female volleyball player , playing as an outside - spiker .
At the papal conclave of 1669 - -1670 Altieri was elected as Pope Clement X. On the day of his election , since there were no more male descendants in the Altieri family , he adopted Paluzzo and he changed his name to Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri degli Albertoni in honour of his new adoptive uncle .
In the 1930s , Maryse Bastié set several international records for female aviators including for duration flying , distance , and a record time for a solo flight across the South Atlantic .
Mayra Huerta ( born September 14 , 1970 in Morelia ) is a female beach volleyball player from Mexico , who won the bronze medal in the women 's beach team competition at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg , Canada , partnering Laura Almaral .
Tülay German ( born 1935 ) , also known as Toulaï , is a Turkish female singer , currently living in France .
Emily Diana Watts ( 1867 - -1968 ) was among the first female instructors of the Japanese art of jujitsu in the Western world .
Not only was Peg Woffington the first female member of a ( previously ) all male dining club , in 1750 she became president of the club by election .
Damiris Dantas do Amaral ( Ferraz de Vasconcelos born 17 November 1992 ) is a Brazilian female basketball player .
Pablo Andújar Alba ( born 23 January 1986 ) is a professional male tennis player from Spain .
Eoh Yeon - soon ( Korean : 이 연순 ; born 12 December 1973 ) is a retired South Korean female volleyball player .
Aliaksandr Vashchyla ( Belarusian : Аляксандар Вашчыла ; born 30 August 1981 ) is a male hammer thrower from Belarus , who is best known for winning the gold medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade .
Theodoros Velkos ( Greek : Θεόδωρος Βέλκος ; born November 20 , 1976 ) is a male badminton player from Greece .
Nayer was also nominated in 2011 for MTV Video Music Award as Best Collaboration , and up for four Latin Billboard Nominations in 2012 with `` Give Me Everything '' , being the 2nd female to have the most Nominations .
Baron Caryll of Durford ( or Dunford ) of Harting in West Sussex is a title in the Jacobite Peerage of England created by the dethroned King James II for John Caryll , poet , dramatist and diplomat , with apparently a special remainder to the issue male of his brothers .
Ren Xiujuan ( Chinese : 任秀娟 ; pinyin : Rèn Xiùjuān ; born September 14 , 1974 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese long - distance runner who specialized in the marathon .
Ding Xuesong ( 丁雪松 , born Chongqing May 27 , 1918 -- May 29 , 2011 ) was China 's first female ambassador in 1979 .
Zhou Wanfeng ( Chinese : 周婉峰 ; pinyin : Zhōu Wǎnfēng ; Cantonese Yale : Jau1 Yun2 Fung1 ; born November 17 , 1979 in Nanhai , Foshan , Guangdong ) is a female Chinese field hockey player .
Giuseppe Minaudo ( born March 22 , 1967 in Mazara del Vallo ) is an Italian former association football player .
The World Badminton Grand Prix Finals was an annual badminton tournament organized by the International Badminton Federation ( IBF ) to crown the best badminton player of the year .
Sharon Jewell ( born 1960 ) is a former US Olympian in the sport of taekwondo .
The Hochfirst Ski Jump ( Hochfirstschanze ) is a ski jumping hill located in Titisee - Neustadt in Germany .
The San Isidro Club ( mostly known for its acronym SIC ) is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club based in the Boulogne Sur Mer district of Greater Buenos Aires .
Jackson Vroman ( June 6 , 1981 -- June 29 , 2015 ) was an American - born Lebanese professional basketball player .
Edward Everett McGowan ( March 20 , 1900 -- May 1982 ) was an American professional ice hockey player .
Nick Abendanon ( born 27 August 1986 , in Bryanston ) is an English rugby union player , currently playing for Clermont Auvergne in the Top 14 .
The 1971 Men 's Hockey World Cup was the inaugural tournament of the Hockey World Cup men 's field hockey tournament .
The Winnipeg Victorias were a former amateur senior - level men 's amateur ice hockey team in Winnipeg , Manitoba , organized in 1889 .
The Rugby League Hall of Fame honours the leading players of the sport of rugby league .
The 1984 Ginny of San Diego was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in San Diego , California in the United States that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
Donna Cheatham is a high school basketball coach .
Shturm-2002 Moskovskaya Oblast , a.k.a . Shturm Ruza , is a Russian water polo club .
The now defunct Premier Hockey League ( PHL ) was a professional league competition for field hockey clubs in the top division of the Indian hockey system .
The Sirmium Legionaries is the oldest American football team in Serbia , founded in 2002 in Sremska Mitrovica .
Aron Pálmarsson ( born 19 July 1990 ) is an Icelandic handball player , currently playing for MKB Veszprém KC .
Bose Kaffo , born 14 December 1972 in Surulere , Lagos State , Nigeria is a Nigerian professional table tennis player who competed at five Olympics from 1992 to 2008 .
The 9th Chess Olympiad , organized by the FIDE and comprising an open team tournament , as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess , took place between August 20 and September 11 , 1950 , in Dubrovnik , PR Croatia , FPR Yugoslavia ( present day Croatia ) .
The 12 Hours of Sebring is an annual motorsport endurance race for sports cars held at Sebring International Raceway , on the site of the former Hendricks Army Airfield World War II air base in Sebring , Florida .
Arminia Ludwigshafen is a German association football club from the Rheingönheim of the city of Ludwigshafen am Rhein , Rhineland - Palatinate .
David Goffin ( French pronunciation : ​(david ɡɔfɛ̃ ) ) ( born 7 December 1990 ) is a Belgian tennis player .
After coaching the taekwondo team of Üsküdar district from 1990 to 1992 , Tennur Yerlisu became coach of the Turkey women 's taekwondo national team in 1992 - 93 , and again in 2005 .
Susanne Lahme ( born September 10 , 1968 in Luckenwalde ) is a former German indoor and beach volleyball player .
Fred Hagist ( born April 14 , 1932 in Berkeley , California ) was an American tennis player in the 1950s who made it to the draw of several US Championships , including 1952 where he lost in the third round .
The CWA Southwestern Heavyweight Championship was a short - lived professional wrestling title defended in the United States Wrestling Association ( USWA , formerly the Championship Wrestling Association , hence the CWA name ) and the World Class Wrestling Association ( WCWA ) during their joint promotion in 1989 and 1990 .
The British Columbia Hockey League is a Junior `` A '' ice hockey league from British Columbia under Hockey Canada , a subsection of the Canadian Junior Hockey League .
Damian Woolfolk is an American basketball player who is best known for his college career at Norfolk State University between 1997 - -98 and 1999 - -2000 .
The 2008 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts .
Anne Henning grew up in Northbrook , Illinois and started in short track speed skating , but then , like many short track speed skaters before and after her , switched to long track speed skating .
Ricardo Acuña ( born 13 January 1958 ) is a former tennis player from Chile , who won three doubles titles during his career .
The Zero - One United States Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling title in Japanese promotion Pro Wrestling Zero1 .
Igor Lysyj ( Russian : Игорь Лысый ; born 1 January 1987 ) is a Russian chess grandmaster and the 2014 Russian champion .
Rokometni Klub Koper ( English : Koper Handball Club ) , commonly referred to as RK Koper or simply Koper , was a team handball club from Koper , Slovenia .
Ricky Sapp ( born November 14 , 1986 ) is an American football outside linebacker that is currently a free agent .
Alejandro Díaz - Alberdi ( Piki ) is an Argentine 8-goal professional polo player .
The Open de la Réunion is a tennis tournament held in Réunion since 2011 .
During Russell Winter 's career , he has been the English , British and European surfing champion .
The Grey Cup is the name of both the championship game of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) and the trophy awarded to the victorious team playing Canadian football .
Gwangju Mudeung Baseball Stadium is a baseball stadium in Gwangju , South Korea .
Boumedienne Allam ( born Avignon , 19 November 1979 ) is a French - born Algerian rugby union player .
Harm Wiersma ( born 13 May 1953 in Leeuwarden , Dutch Frisia ) is a Dutch draughts player and former politician .
Jānis Porziņģis ( born 13 July 1982 ) is a former Latvian professional basketball player who played for fifteen different teams in multiple European leagues over a fourteen - year career .
Antonio Graves Davis ( born April 17 , 1985 ) is an American basketball player who currently plays for Artland Dragons in Germany .
Oakleigh Football Club , nicknamed the Devils , was an Australian rules football club from Oakleigh which played in the VFA from 1929 until 1994 .
Peter Kimlin is an Australian rugby union football player who plays for Grenoble in the French Top 14 .
Piráti Chomutov is a Czech ice hockey team from Chomutov , Czech Republic .
BankGiroLoterij was the name of a Dutch professional road bicycle racing team .
Liv Bjørk is a Norwegian handball goalkeeper .
The Westchester Open is golf tournament organized by the Westchester Golf Association .
Arnaldo Taurisano ( born in Milan , November 18 , 1933 ) is an Italian , former professional basketball coach .
The Virginia Slims of Akron is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated women 's tennis tournament played from 1973 to 1976 .
Liliana Fernández Steiner ( born 4 January 1987 ) is a Spanish beach volleyball player .
Predrag Samardžiski ( Macedonian : Предраг Самарџиски ; born April 11 , 1986 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball player who plays for Tüyap Büyükçekmece of the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Dinefwr Sharks RLFC were a rugby league side based in Ammanford , South - West Wales .
The 1989 Kiev International Tournament ( Ukrainian : Міжнародний турнір у Києві ) was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Kiev , Soviet Union in 1989 .
Emil Schallopp ( 1 August 1843 , Friesack , Germany -- 9 April 1919 , Berlin ) was a German chess player and author .
The Harmony Geneva Marathon for UNICEF is an annual marathon running event held in Geneva , Switzerland .
Dipu Ghosh is an Indian sportsman who represented India in several badminton tournaments in the 1960s .
The 1981 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played February 1 , 1981 , at Coliseum at Richfield in Richfield Township , Ohio .
Norfolk Scope formerly was home to the now - defunct American Basketball Association ( ABA ) Virginia Squires professional basketball franchise .
The Rio Grande Valley Vipers are a basketball team in the NBA Development League .
Steve Thornton ( born March 8 , 1973 in Gloucester , Ontario ) is a former professional Canadian ice hockey player .
Fédérale 3 is the fifth division of rugby union in France .
Charles Linglet ( born June 22 , 1982 ) is a Canadian and Belarusian ice hockey left wing currently playing for HC Dinamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
The 2009 Austrian Figure Skating Championships ( German : Österreichischen Staatsmeisterschaften i m Eiskunstlauf 2009 ) were the Austrian Figure Skating Championships of the 2008 - 2009 figure skating season .
Kavossy Franklin ( born July 18 , 1975 ) is an American former professional basketball player who is most known for his time spent in the Australian National Basketball League .
Zdenko Uzorinac ( 1929 - -2005 ) was a Croatian table tennis player , journalist and sports writer .
The 2005 Conference USA Baseball Tournament was the 2005 postseason college baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA , held at Pete Taylor Park in Hattiesburg , Mississippi from May 25 through May 29 , 2005 .
The Joburg Open is a men 's professional golf tournament on the Southern Africa - based Sunshine Tour .
Marion Grice ( born April 10 , 1991 ) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent .
The 2008 World Figure Skating Championships was a senior international figure skating competition in the 2007 - -08 figure skating season .
Salwa Eid Naser ( born 23 May 1998 ) is a Bahraini track and field sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres .
Robert Trent Jones , Sr . ( June 20 , 1906 -- June 14 , 2000 ) was a golf course architect who designed ( or re - designed ) about 500 golf courses in at least 40 U.S. states and 35 other countries all around the world .
Wycliff Palu ( born 27 July 1982 in Sydney ) is an Australian rugby union footballer of Tongan descent .
Patrik Hefti ( born 19 November 1969 ) is a Liechtensteiner former association football Defender who played professionally in Liechtenstein and the United States .
Žensko Košarkarsko Društvo Ježica , commonly referred to as ŽKD Ježica or simply Ježica , is a Slovenian women 's basketball club from the Ježica district in Ljubljana .
Rapaces de Gap is a French ice hockey team based in Gap playing in the Ligue Magnus for the 2009 - -10 Ligue Magnus season .
Petra Martić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( pêtra mâːrtitɕ ) ) ( born 19 January 1991 ) is a professional tennis player from Croatia .
Lanwa FC ( Chinese : 聯華紅牛 ) , officially Dongguan Lanwa Football Club ( simplified Chinese : 联华足球俱乐部 ; traditional Chinese : 聯華足球俱樂部 ) was a Chinese professional association football club located in Dongguan Dongcheng , China .
CA Lannemezan ( French : Cercle amical lannemezanais ) is a French rugby union club based in Lannemezan in the Hautes - Pyrénées department .
FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women , is a basketball competition inaugurated in 2000 .
The Toto Cup ( Hebrew : גביע הטוטו‎ , Gvia HaToto ) is an association football tournament that exists separately in the two highest divisions in Israel : the Premier League and Liga Leumit .
Stewart Glenister ( born October 12 , 1988 ) is a class of 2011 West Point cadet who competed in the 2008 Olympic Games in the 50 m freestyle swimming event , where he won his first heat event .
Martin de Vries ( April 7 , 1960 ) is a former Dutch professional basketball player .
Sophie Polkamp ( born 2 August 1984 in Groningen ) is a Dutch field hockey player , who played as defender for Dutch club Stichtse Cricket en Hockey Club and later for Amsterdamsche Hockey & Bandy Club ( AHBC ) .
Harri Ilvonen ( born November 11 , 1988 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defender who is currently playing for Espoo Blues of the SM - liiga .
Tyler Ardron ( born 16 June 1991 ) is a Canadian rugby union player who plays for Ospreys .
Danielle Dube ( born March 10 , 1976 ) played for the Canadian National women 's ice hockey team from 1994 to 1998 and from 2000 to 2002 .
Todd Reid ( born 3 June 1984 ) is an Australian tennis professional .
Amalie Arena is an arena in Tampa , Florida , that has been used for ice hockey , basketball , and arena football games , as well as concerts .
The Orem Owlz are a minor league baseball farm team affiliated with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim baseball franchise .
Aubin Hueber ( born Tarbes , 5 April 1967 ) is a former French rugby union footballer and a current coach .
The Webster ruling is a test case in association football law involving Andy Webster , a defender formerly with Heart of Midlothian football club in Edinburgh , Scotland .
The 2013 Champions League Twenty20 ( CLT20 ) was the fifth edition of Champions League Twenty20 , an international Twenty20 cricket tournament .
The University of Limerick Vikings are the American football team from the University of Limerick in Limerick , Ireland .
Lennox Lewis vs. Oliver McCall II was a professional boxing match contested on February 7 , 1997 , for the vacant WBC Heavyweight Championship .
Downhill is an alpine skiing discipline .
Anja Althaus ( born 3 September 1982 ) is a German handball player playing for ŽRK Vardar and the German national team .
FC Sodovik Sterlitamak ( Russian : ФК `` Содовик '' Стерлитамак ) was a Russian association football club based in Sterlitamak .
The 2001 IGA U.S. Indoor Championships was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma in the United States and was part of Tier III of the 2001 WTA Tour .
The 2001 ASB Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland in New Zealand and was part of Tier V of the 2001 WTA Tour .
Pavlos Diakoulas ( alternate spelling : Paul Diakoulas ) ( Greek : Παύλος Διάκουλας ) is a retired Greek American professional basketball player .
Parramatta Two Blues Rugby is a rugby union club based in the second CBD of Sydney , Parramatta NSW Australia .
Dimitrios Charitopoulos ( alternate spellings : Dimitris , Haritopoulos ) ( Greek : Δημήτρης Χαριτόπουλος ; born November 14 , 1983 ) is a Greek professional basketball player , who plays for Koroivos Amaliadas of the Greek Basket League .
Ernie Walley ( born 7 April 1933 in Caernarfon ) is a retired association football player , manager and coach .
Sandra Šarić ( born May 8 , 1984 in Senj ) is a Croatian taekwondo athlete .
The Elephant Gambit ( also called the Queen 's Pawn Counter Gambit or Englund Counterattack ) is a rarely played chess opening beginning with the moves : 1 .
Universal football was the name given to a proposed hybrid sport of Australian rules football and rugby league , proposed at different times between 1908 and 1933 as a potential national football code to be played throughout Australia .
Étienne Bacrot ( French pronunciation : ​(etjɛn baˈkʁo ) ; born 22 January 1983 in Lille ) is a French chess grandmaster and former chess prodigy .
Jimmy Dan Conner ( born March 20 , 1953 in Lawrenceburg , Kentucky ) is a retired professional basketball shooting guard who played one season in the American Basketball Association ( ABA ) as a member of the Kentucky Colonels .
The Latvian Hockey Higher League ( Latvian : Latvijas Virslīgas hokeja čempionāts ) is the top tier league of ice hockey in Latvia .
Michael Egnew ( born November 1 , 1989 ) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent .
T. J. Middleton ( born May 2 , 1968 in Auburn , New York ) is a former professional tennis player from the United States .
Régis Fuchs ( born April 6 , 1970 , in Porrentruy , Switzerland ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey winger .
Karşıyaka Basket , mostly known as Pınar Karşıyaka for sponsorship reasons , is a Turkish professional basketball team that is located in Karşıyaka , İzmir .
Alexander Urbom ( born December 20 , 1990 ) is a professional Swedish ice hockey defenceman .
Blair Manning ( born May 27 , 1975 ) is a professional ice hockey player who has played overseas , in the CHL , and in the IHL .
Tim Kempton Jr. is an American college basketball player , currently a rising junior at the Lehigh University .
The 1993 World Women 's Handball Championship was the 11th World Championship in women 's handball took place in Norway from 24 November to 5 December 1993 and was played between 16 nations .
Katarina Bulatović ( Serbian : Катарина Булатовић ; born 15 November 1984 ) is a professional Serbian born , Montenegrin handball player who plays for the club ŽRK Budućnost Podgorica .
Matt Sorteberg ( born March 2 , 1986 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for the Utah Grizzlies in the ECHL .
Chris Horsman ( born 2 February 1977 in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England ) is a former Wales international rugby union player .
Narellan Jets Rugby League Football Club is an Australian rugby league football club based in Narellan , New South Wales the club was formed in 1977 .
B. Gene Bartow ( August 18 , 1930 -- January 3 , 2012 ) was an American men 's college basketball coach .
Isabelle Fijalkowski , now Isabelle Fijalkowski - Tournebize ( born May 23 , 1972 , in Clermont - Ferrand , Puy - de - Dôme ) , is a retired French basketball player .
The New Westminster Bruins were a junior ice hockey team from the Western Hockey League .
Bath Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located on Lansdown Hill , just north of Bath , Somerset , owned by Arena Racing Company .
Kim Yoon - hwan ( Korean : 김윤환 born August 24 , 1985 in Seoul ) is a Korean professional ice hockey defenceman .
Donald Corey Patterson ( born August 13 , 1979 ) is an American former professional baseball outfielder .
The 2012 Men 's Hockey Champions Challenge I was the 7th edition of the Hockey Champions Challenge I field hockey championship for men .
Nicolas Savant - Aira ( born 30 November 1980 ) is a French wheelchair table tennis player competing in Class 5 .
William Demotte is a professional rugby union player with SU Agen in the Top 14 League .
The 2012 Big East Men 's Basketball Tournament , officially known as the 2012 Big East Championship , was the 33rd annual Big East Men 's Basketball Tournament , deciding the champion of the 2011 - -12 Big East Conference men 's basketball season .
The FIVB Volleyball World Grand Champions Cup is an international men 's and women 's volleyball competition .
Claude Saurel ( born 17 April 1948 ) is a former French rugby union footballer and current coach .
The Swiss Handball League ( SHL ) is the name of the professional handball league of Switzerland .
Anas Osama Mahmoud ( Arabic : أنس أسامة محمود ; born May 9 , 1995 ) is an Egyptian college basketball player , he is currently entering his sophomore season at the University of Louisville .
The Southern California Open is a WTA 125 K Series affiliated professional women 's tennis tournament held at the La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad , California .
Myrthe Schoot ( born August 29 , 1988 in Winterswijk ) is a Dutch volleyball player , who plays as a libero .
Larry DeWayne Wise ( born February 24 , 1978 ) is an American retired professional baseball outfielder .
Kala Bagan Krira Chakra ( also known as Kalabagan Krira Chakra ) is a team that plays List A cricket in the Dhaka Premier League .
Jone Tawake ( born 17 April 1982 ) , is a Fijian born rugby union player .
Květoslava Peschkeová , ( née Hrdličková ; born 9 July 1975 ) better known as Květa Peschke , is a professional tennis player from the Czech Republic .
The India national under-17 football team , also known as India under-17s or India U17(s ) , represents India in association football at an under-16 age level and is controlled by the All India Football Federation , the governing body for football in India .
The 1991 Donnay Indoor Championships was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Brussels in Belgium the event was part of the 1990 ATP Tour .
Christos Marinos ( in Greek : Χρήστος Μαρίνος ; born 1989 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Ian O'Leary ( October 20 , 1986 ) is an American - Irish basketball player .
Lanús Rugby Club is an Argentine rugby union club based in the Lanús district of Greater Buenos Aires .
Jean - Baptiste Chanfreau ( born 17 January 1947 ) is a former Algerian - born French international tennis player .
The Kuwait national under-20 football team is the youth association football team representing Kuwait in youth competitions and it 's controlled by Kuwait Football Association .
The Winchelsea Football & Netball Club are an Australian rules football club which compete in the Geelong DFL since 2002 .
Bert Reed ( June 1 , 1988 ) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent .
The Kazakhstan Open is a men 's professional golf tournament on the Challenge Tour , the official developmental tour of the European Tour .
The 1968 Swedish Open was a combined men 's and women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts held in Båstad , Sweden .
The 2013 FAI Cup Final was the final match of the 2013 FAI Cup , the national association football cup of the Republic of Ireland .
He was married to actress Jayabharathi in 1979 and their son Krish J. Sathaar made his debut as an actor in acclaimed director Siddique ' s Mohanlal starrer Ladies and Gentleman .
After graduating from Soochow University in 1932 , Yang Jiang enrolled in the graduate school of Tsinghua University where she met her husband Qian Zhongshu .
Princess Léa of Belgium ( born Léa Inga Dora Wolman on 2 December 1951 ) is the widow of Prince Alexander of Belgium .
Agnes Douglas , Countess of Argyll ( 1574 -- 3 May 1607 ) was a Scottish noblewoman and the first wife of Archibald Campbell , 7th Earl of Argyll .
Patricia Driscoll was married to actor Duncan Lamont ( d. 1978 ) , who also appeared in Robin Hood , and with whom she had two children .
Elmer George was married to Mari Hulman George , daughter of Tony Hulman , owner of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway .
Later , when Yuan Shu declared himself emperor , he held Sun Jian 's wife Lady Wu hostage in exchange for the seal .
Pierre Lefaucheux and Marie - Hélène Lefaucheux had no children , as she had suffered an accident in her youth that prevented her from having children .
The often unconventional playwright introduces a `` real '' Helen and a `` phantom '' Helen ( who caused the Trojan War ) , and gives a backstory that makes the father of his character Theoclymenus , Proteus , a king in Egypt who had been we d to a Nereid Psamathe .
In 2384 BCE , Baranamtarra and her husband , Lugalanda , seized power of Lagash , one of the oldest cities in Sumer .
Princess Marie of Schwarzburg - Rudolstadt ( German : Prinzessin Marie von Schwarzburg - Rudolstadt ; 29 January 1850 -- 22 April 1922 ) was the consort and third wife of Frederick Francis II , Grand Duke of Mecklenburg - Schwerin .
Lelex was married to the Naiad nymph Cleocharia .
Hatice Âlime ( Halime ) Hüma Hatun ( Ottoman Turkish : هما خاتون‎ , c. 1410 - September 1449 ) was the fourth wife of Ottoman Sultan Murad II and mother of Mehmed II .
Anne - Antoinette Diderot ( born Anne - Antoinette Champion 22 February 1710 -- 10 April 1796 ) was the wife of the pioneer encyclopedist , Denis Diderot and the mother of his only surviving child , Marie - Angélique Diderot ( 1753 - -1824 ) .
Prince René of Bourbon - Parma ( 17 October 1894 -- 30 July 1962 ) was the seventh surviving son of Robert I , Duke of Parma , and his second wife , Infanta Maria Antonia of Portugal . In 1921 , he married Princess Margaret of Denmark .
Rhadamistus reminded his uncle of their tie of being relatives , of the seniority in age of his father , and how he himself was the father - in - law of him , as Rhadamistus was married on Mithridates ' daughter Zenobia .
Mary Hayley Bell , Lady Mills ( 22 January 1911 -- 1 December 2005 ) was an English actress and writer , married for 64 years to actor Sir John Mills .
Erendis ( S.A. 771 - -985 ) is the fictional wife of King Tar - Aldarion of Númenor in J. R. R. Tolkien 's Unfinished Tales and , as such , the Queen Consort of Númenor .
Starlings are small to medium - sized passerine birds in the family Sturnidae .
Cranichis muscosa , the cypress - knee helmet orchid , is a species of terrestrial orchid .
Dugesia aborensis is a species of freshwater triclad found in the Abor Hills , Arunachal Pradesh , India .
Ouijjania is an extinct genus from a well - known class of fossil marine arthropods , the trilobites .
Contradusta pulchella , common name the pretty cowry or beautiful ( little ) cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Banksia marginata , commonly known as the Silver Banksia , is a species of tree or woody shrub in the plant genus Banksia found throughout much of southeastern Australia .
Hordeum depressum is a species of barley known by the common names low barley and dwarf barley .
Banksia dryandroides , the Dryandra - leaved Banksia , is a species of small shrub in the plant genus Banksia .
Adalbus crassicornis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily , and the only species in the genus Adalbus .
Eimeria brunetti is a species of Eimeria that causes hemorrhagic intestinal coccidiosis in young poultry .
Cissus trifoliata , known variously as possum - grape , sorrelvine , or vine - sorrel , is a New World plant species in the grape family .
The Orange - bordered Argus ( Polyommatus astrarche ) is a species of lycaenid butterfly found in many parts of the Palearctic region .
Lyonetiidae is a family of moths with some 200 described species .
Archibasis lieftincki , is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae .
Metorchis conjunctus , common name Canadian liver fluke , is a species of trematode parasite in the family Opisthorchiidae .
Eragrostis curvula is a species of grass known by the common name weeping lovegrass .
Encephalartos paucidentatus is a species of cycad that is native to the mountains near Barberton , Mpumalanga Province , and near Piggs Peak in the northwestern part of Swaziland South Africa at elevations of 1,000 to 1,500 meters .
Ostryopsis nobilis ( Chinese : 滇虎榛 dian hu zhen ) is a shrub species in the genus Ostryopsis found in China .
Brachydectes is an extinct genus of lysorophian amphibian that lived from the Carboniferous .
Keraea garachicoensis is an extinct species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae or Endodontidae .
Strobocalyx is a genus of Asian , African , Pacific Island , and South American plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family .
Akawaio penak is a species of bluntnose knifefish native to the upper Mazaruni River , Guyana .
Acer sempervirens ( Cretan Maple ) is a species of maple native to southern Greece and southern Turkey .
The Boletales are an order of Agaricomycetes containing over 1300 species with a diverse array of fruiting body types .
Caryocar ( souari trees ) is a genus of flowering plants , in the South American family Caryocaraceae described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1771 .
Ocypode ceratophthalma , the horned ghost crab or horn - eyed ghost crab , is a species of ghost crab .
Buddleja albiflora is a deciduous shrub native to the mountains of central China , where it grows on shrub - clad slopes at altitudes of between 1,000 and 2,000 m. Named rather carelessly by Hemsley , the species was discovered by Henry , and introduced to western cultivation by Wilson in 1900 .
Rimapenaeus is a genus of prawns .
Baeospora myosura is a species of fungus that produces mushrooms with long , coarse hairs .
Eucritta melanolimnetes ( `` the true creature from the black lagoon '' ) is an extinct tetrapod of the extinct genus Eucritta from the Viséan epoch in the Carboniferous period of Scotland .
Acrocanthosaurus ( /ˌækroʊˌkænθəˈsɔːrəs/ ak - ro - KAN - thə - SAWR - əs ; meaning `` high - spined lizard '' ) is a genus of theropod dinosaur that existed in what is now North America during the Aptian and early Albian stages of the Early Cretaceous .
The Atractaspidinae are a subfamily of snakes found in Africa and the Middle East , commonly called mole vipers , stiletto snakes , or burrowing asps .
The Clanwilliam yellowfish ( Labeobarbus capensis ) is a ray - finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae .
Colophon westwoodi is a species of beetle in family Lucanidae .
Tricondyla aptera is a beetle species in the family of Carabidae .
Acropora polystoma is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by G. Brook in 1891 .
Gromphadorhina oblongonota is one of four roach species in the genus Gromphadorhina , which is one of several genera collectively known as hissing cockroaches ; like all members of the tribe Gromphadorhinini , they are from the island of Madagascar .
Urophora funebris is a species of tephritid in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae .
Paphiopedilum villosum is a species of orchid found from Assam to southern China .
Spermophorides lascars is a species of spider of the family Pholcidae .
Prasiola is a genus of fresh water and marine green algae .
Tenuisentidae is a family of parasitic worms from the phylum Acanthocephala ) .
Bartonella melophagi is a candidatus species of Bartonella that causes infection in humans .
Stramentopappus is a genus of Mexican plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family .
Banksula californica is a species of harvestman in family Phalangodidae .
Simosuchus ( meaning `` pug - nosed crocodile '' in Greek , referring to the animal 's blunt snout ) is an extinct genus of notosuchian crocodylomorphs from the Late Cretaceous of Madagascar .
Solanum citrullifolium is a species of nightshade commonly known as the watermelon nightshade , as its leaves somewhat resemble those of a watermelon plant ( the melon - leaved nightshade is a different species , S. heterodoxum Dunal , whose leaves resemble those of a normal melon plant ) .
Kalimeris incisa , common name Kalimeris or Japanese Aster , is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family .
Bromheadia finlaysoniana , known in Australia as the synonym Bromheadia pulchra with the vernacular name pale reed orchid , is a tall , reed - like terrestrial orchid species in the genus Bromheadia .
Salix denticulata is a species of shrub or small tree in the family Salicaceae .
Packera indecora is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names elegant groundsel and rayless mountain ragwort .
Romitia nigra is a jumping spider and the type species in the genus Romitia .
Nauclea gageana is a species of large tree in the Rubiaceae family .
Aenigmatineidae is a family of basal Lepidoptera , moths discovered on Kangaroo Island in South Australia .
The family Threskiornithidae includes 34 species of large wading birds .
Dolichoderinae is a subfamily of ants , which includes species such as the Argentine ant ( Linepithema humile ) , the erratic ant , the odorous house ant , and the cone ant .
Zygopachylus albomarginis is a species of Neotropical harvestman in the order Opiliones .
Eulithidium diantha is a species of small sea snail with calcareous opercula , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae , the pheasant snails .
Fluvioviridavis is an extinct genus of bird from the Early Eocene Green River Formation of Wyoming .
Archaeoglobus is a genus of the phylum Euryarchaeota .
Nectarinia is a genus of bird in the sunbird family , Nectariniidae .
Harpagofututor is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish from the Mississippian of North America .
Archontophoenix is a plant genus comprising six palm species that are native to New South Wales and Queensland in eastern Australia .
Otsheridae is a family of small herbivorous anomodont therapsids that are known from the Permian of Russia .
Tetramolopium lepidotum is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Waianae Range tetramolopium .
Serpenticobitis , popularly known as serpent loaches , is a small genus of loaches found in the Mekong River Basin in Southeast Asia .
Gallotia goliath is an extinct giant lizard species from the island of Tenerife of the Canary Islands , Spain .
Polygonum spergulariiforme is a North American species of flowering plants in the buckwheat family known by the common name spurry knotweed or fall knotweed .
Pluteus velutinus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Pluteaceae .
Haplocanthosaurus ( meaning `` simple spined lizard '' ) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur .
Steinchisma is a genus of plants in the grass family , native to the Americas but a few of them naturalized in Africa .
Baltoceratidae is an extinct family of orthoconic cephalopods belonging to the subclass Nautiloidea endemic to what would be Asia , Australia , Europe , North America , and South America during the Ordovician living from about 480 - -460 mya , existing for approximately 20 million years .
Awaous flavus is a species of goby native to fresh and brackish waters of rivers and estuaries of South America from Colombia to near the mouth of the Amazon River in Brazil .
The Scalopini are a tribe of moles belonging to the family Talpidae .
Blechnum blechnoides or Iquide ( Chilean Spanish ) is a hard fern species endemic to Chile .
The sole species is Brasiliocrotonis mamoninha .
Scaphandridae is a family of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily ? ? ? .
Alopecurus , or foxtail grass , is a common and widespread genus of plants in the grass family .
Oodemas laysanensis , the Laysan weevil , was a species of beetle in family Curculionidae .
Nebria hikosana is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Mount Hiko , Kyushu , Japan .
Haplochromis is a ray - finned fish genus in the family Cichlidae .
Isolepis crassiuscula ( syn . Scirpus crassiusculus ) is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family .
Eremiaphila typhon is a species of praying mantis , native to Africa and Asia .
Conus capitanellus , common name the little captain cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Achnatherum richardsonii is a species of grass known by the common names Richardson 's needlegrass , spreading needlegrass , and Canada mountain - ricegrass .
Anatoma australis , common name the southern slit shell , is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae .
Finella rufocincta is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Scaliolidae .
Abraliopsis tui is species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in the waters around New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands .
Lepanthes acuminata is a species of orchid that occurs from Mexico to northern Venezuela .
Primnoa is a genus of cnidarians .
Campylorhaphion machaeropse is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod , in the family Eulimidae .
Herpetopoma mariae is a species of marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chilodontidae .
Ophrys lunulata , Moon Orchid , is a species of orchid native to the islands of Malta and Sicily in the central Mediterranean .
Hyphopichia is a genus of fungi within the Saccharomycetales order .
Tracyina is a genus of Californian plants in the aster tribe within the daisy family .
Chaetosphaeria elegans is a fungus species in the genus Chaetosphaeria .
Arthropodium cirratum ( rengarenga , renga lily , New Zealand rock lily , or maikaika ) is a species of herbaceous perennial plant , endemic to New Zealand , where it may once have been farmed .
Alpheus randalli is a species of snapping shrimp in the genus Alpheus .
Atriplex argentea is a species of saltbush known by the common names silverscale saltbush and silver orache .
Zabrus estrellanus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Portugal .
Aequidens latifrons or the platinum acara , is a species of fish in the family Cichlidae in the order Perciformes .
Boletus manicus is a species of fungus in the Boletaceae family of mushrooms .
Cordia dichotoma is a species of flowering tree in the borage family , Boraginaceae , that is native to the Indomalaya ecozone , northern Australia , and western Melanesia .
Clypeobarbus schoutedeni is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is only known from the Dungu River .
Aloysia fiebrigii is a species in the genus Aloysia in the family Verbenaceae .
Polystachya laxiflora is a species of orchid native to western and west - central tropical Africa .
Orobanche cooperi is a species of broomrape known by the common name Cooper 's broomrape desert broomrape , spike broomrape , and burroweed strangler .
Austrogammarus australis , also known as the `` Dandenong amphipod '' is a species of amphipod crustacean in family Paramelitidae .
Rhyothemis braganza , known as the Iridescent flutterer , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Orthochromis uvinzae is a species of cichlid endemic to Tanzania where it is only known from its type locality at Uvinza in the middle Malagarasi River drainage .
Lactobacillus rhamnosus is a bacterium that originally was considered to be a subspecies of L. casei , but later genetic research found it to be a species of its own .
Schelkovnikov 's pine vole ( Microtus schelkovnikovi ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Protocotyle euzetmaillardi Justine , 2011 is a species of monogenean of the family Hexabothriidae Price , 1942 .
Gonatodes concinnatus , also known as O'Shaughnessy 's gecko or collared gecko is a diurnal species of gecko found in Ecuador ( Canelos ) , Colombia , Venezuela , Brazil , and Peru .
Galasa lutealis is a species of snout moth in the genus Galasa .
Quasipaa spinosa is a species of frog in the family Dicroglossidae .
The genus name Eoraptor is derived from the Greek word `` eos '' ( ηως ) meaning `` dawn '' , a reference to its primitive nature and the Latin word `` raptor '' meaning `` plunderer '' , a reference to its grasping hand .
Poecilobactris militaris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Poecilobactris .
Drosophila simulans is a species of fly closely related to D. melanogaster , belonging to the same melanogaster species subgroup .
Acromantis montana , common name mountain Acromantis , is a species of praying mantis found in India , Java , and Borneo .
Crossosoma is a genus of the plant family Crossosomataceae .
Dorphinaxius kermadecensis is a genus of mud lobster native to the Norfolk Island , parts of New South Wales , and the Kermadec Islands of New Zealand .
Pachylarnax praecalva is a species of plant in the family Magnoliaceae .
Papilio morondavana , the Madagascan emperor swallowtail , is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae .
Nebria carri is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of Idaho .
Smyrna blomfildia , common name Blomfild 's Beauty , is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Hovea montana , commonly known as Alpine Hovea , Mountain Hovea or Alpine Rusty - pods , is shrub species in the family Fabaceae , native to Australia .
Matelea jaramilloi is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae ( Dogbane ) family .
Falcipennis is a genus of birds in the grouse family that comprises three very similar species :
Dascyllus melanurus , known commonly as the four stripe damselfish , blacktail dascyllus , humbug damselfish , blacktail damselfish , and blacktail humbug , is a species of fish in the family Pomacentridae .
Hederopsis is an extinct genus of the enigmatic hederellids .
Anomoea is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae .
Metynnis is a genus of serrasalmids from tropical and subtropical South America .
Austroponera castaneicolor is an ant species of the subfamily Ponerinae , endemic to the North Island , and the north and north west of the South Island , of New Zealand .
Morpho anaxibia is a species of Neotropical butterfly endemic to Brazil .
The Sternophoridae are a family of pseudoscorpions with about 20 described species in three genera .
Pyrops clavatus is a species of true bug in the family Fulgoridae , in the genus Pyrops which are sometimes called `` lanternflies '' .
Kniphofia reflexa is a species of plant which is native to Cameroon and Nigeria .
Jamides , commonly called ceruleans , is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . The members ( species ) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone , the Palearctic ecozone ( Sikkim ) and the Australasian ecozone ( New Guinea ) .
Dyera costulata ( syn . D. laxiflora ) , the jelutong , is a species of tree in the oleander subfamily .
Sardinella maderensis ( Madeiran sardinella ) is a species of small ray - finned fish in the genus Sardinella which is found in the Eastern Atlantic and Southeastern Mediterranean .
In taxonomy , Thermoplasma is a genus of the Thermoplasmataceae .
Manfreda maculosa , commonly known as the Texas tuberose or spice lily , is a species of flowering plant related to agaves that is endemic to southern Texas and northeastern Mexico .
Onopordum illyricum is a species of thistle known by the common name Illyrian thistle , or Illyrian cottonthistle .
Porcellio is a genus of woodlice in the family Porcellionidae .
†Partula garretti was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Lunaspis ( `` Moon Shield '' ) is an extinct genus of petalichthyid fish that lived in shallow marine environments of the Early Devonian period .
Boops ( /ˈboʊ.ɒps/ ; from Greek βόωψ boōps `` cow - eye '' ) is a genus of ray - finned saltwater fish .
Mezium americanum , the American spider beetle or black spider beetle , is a species of beetle in the subfamily Ptinidae , the spider beetles .
The Copan brook frog , Duellmanohyla soralia , is a species of frog in the family Hylidae found in the Sierra del Merendón range in Guatemala and Honduras .
Aequidens is a South American genus of fish in the family Cichlidae .
Dieffenbachia seguine , also known as dumbcane , is a species of Dieffenbachia native to the tropical Americas --from Southern Mexico , through Central America , to northern South America and Brazil .
Orthaga tritonalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Orthaga .
Perrunichthys perruno is the only species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the monotypic genus Perrunichthys of the family Pimelodidae .
Limodorum abortivum , commonly known as Violet Limodore , is a species of myco - heterotrophic , achlorophyllous orchid and is native to central and eastern Europe , western Asia and the Mediterranean area .
Hemiaspis signata ( common names : black - bellied swamp snake and marsh snake ) is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to Australia , where it is found along the east coast .
There is only one known species , Malperia tenuis .
The Thermaerobacter are an unassigned genus of bacteria placed within the class clostridia .
Mimoblennius lineathorax is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean , around Réunion .
Pereulixia kosiensis , the Kosi rockskipper , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean .
Mimomulciber strandiellus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimomulciber .
Tellervini is a tribe of danaid butterflies with only the one genus Tellervo , with six widely distributed species found in Australia and the Oriental region .
Rubrobacter xylanophilus is a thermophilic species of bacteria .
Xestospiza is a genus containing two species of birds with cone - shaped bills that were described on the basis of fossils .
Loxogramme is a genus of over 20 confirmed species of ferns .
Papaver umbonatum ( Hebrew : פרג אגסני , ) also known as the Semitic poppy , is a flowering plant , a species of Papaver native to Israel and Palestine .
Macropharyngodon meleagris , the Black - spotted wrasse , is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean .
Paraceratitella connexa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Paraceratitella of the family Tephritidae .
The Bolivian vesper mouse ( Calomys boliviae ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Psorophora howardii is a species of mosquitoes .
Temnodontosaurus eurycephalus is an extict species of marine reptile .
The Oʻahu ʻamakihi ( Chlorodrepanis flava ) is a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper in the Fringillidae family .
Cruciata pedemontana , the Piedmont bedstraw , is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Harttia longipinna is a species of armored catfish of the family endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper São Francisco River basin .
Dryopteris cristata ( L. ) A. Gray is a species of fern native to wetlands throughout the Northern Hemisphere .
Caenorhabditis remanei is a species of nematode found in North America and Europe , and likely lives throughout the temperate world .
Mammillaria geminispina ( twin spined cactus ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae , native to central Mexico .
Prionothelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae , containing the single species Prionothelphusa eliasi .
Based on our observations we identified the species as Carpophyllum maschalocarpum .
Alcalus mariae , common name Mary 's frog or Palawan eastern frog is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family .
Cacophis a genus of mildly venomous snakes , commonly known as crowned snakes , which are endemic to Australia .
Cryptanaerobacter phenolicus is a gram - positive anaerobic bacterial species in the genus Cryptanaerobacter .
Elaeocarpus sedentarius , known as the Minyon Quandong , is a species of Australian , endangered , mid - sized rainforest trees .
Leptogorgia hebes , commonly known as the regal sea fan or false sea fan , is a species of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae .
Cuscuta approximata is a species of dodder known by the common name alfalfa dodder .
The Yellow Cypripedium ( Cypripedium flavum ) is a species of orchid .
Chapalichthys is a genus of splitfins endemic to Mexico .
Asbecesta verticalis is a species of leaf beetle from the family Chrysomelidae .
Pachypodium geayi is a species of Pachypodium that originated from Southwest Madagascar .
Juniperus macropoda ( Pashto : اوبښته‎ ōbəx̌ta , `` ( a species ) which sucks water '' ) , also called juniperus excelsa polycarpos , or the Pashtun juniper ( Pashto : پښتني صنوبر ) , is a species of juniper native to northern and central Balochistan in western Pakistan , and southeastern Afghanistan .
It consists of only one species , Absala dorcada , which is found in China , India , Thailand and Vietnam .
Catathyridium is a genus of mainly freshwater American soles native to South America .
Hyrachyus ( from Hyrax and Ancient Greek : ὗς `` pig '' ) is an extinct genus of perissodactyl mammal that lived in Eocene Europe , North America and Asia .
Termitaradus protera is an extinct species of termite bug in the family Termitaphididae known from several Late Oligocene to Early Miocene fossils found in Mexico .
Balochisaurus ( meaning `` Balochi lizard '' , for the Baloch tribes of Pakistan ) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Pakistan .
Trochozonites usambarensis is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Urocyclidae .
Culex biscaynensis is a species of mosquito in the genus Culex .
Petroscirtes mitratus , the floral blenny , floral fangblenny , helmeted blenny , or the crested sabretooth blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian ocean .
Sesuvium verrucosum is a species of flowering plant in the iceplant family known by the common names western sea - purslane and verrucose sea - purslane .
Lagocephalus spadiceus , also known as the half - smooth golden pufferfish , is a species of fish in the Tetraodontidae family .
Entoloma hochstetteri is a species of mushroom found in New Zealand and India .
Macrosiphini is a bug tribe in the subfamily Aphidinae .
Argyrodes chionus is a species of tangle - web spider that is endemic to Aldabra in the Seychelles .
Lythraria salicariae is a species of Chrysomelidae family , that is common in Palaearctic Region east to Korea .
The Palaeodictyopteroidea or Paleodictyopterida are an extinct superorder of Palaeozoic beaked insects , characterised by unique mouthparts consisting of 5 stylets .
Larinia elegans is an orb - weaving spider species found from Austria to China .
Atta vollenweideri , common name chaco leafcutter ant , is a species of leaf - cutter ant , a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Atta .
Plesitomoxia atra is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , which is in the genus Plesitomoxia .
Rohdea is a genus of native to eastern Asia ( China , Japan , the Himalayas and Indochina ) .
Tetradymia stenolepis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Mojave cottonthorn .
Rhenanorallus is a genus of prehistoric rail which existed in Mainz Basin , Germany during the late Oligocene or early Miocene .
Cylindropuntia californica is a species of cactus known by the common names California cholla , snake cholla , and cane cholla .
Masdevallia nidifica is a species of orchid found from Central America into northern Peru .
Barcinosuchus ( meaning `` Cerro Barcino Formation 's crocodile '' ) is an extinct genus of carnivorous metasuchian from the early Cretaceous period .
Erigeron lemmonii is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Lemmon 's fleabane .
The Aracanidae are a family of bony fishes related to the boxfishes .
Mikadocephalus is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur .
Brickellia betonicifolia ( betonyleaf brickellbush ) is a Mexican species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
The Personidae are a family of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Meconella is a small genus of flowering plants in the poppy family .
Melastoma is a genus in the family Melastomataceae .
Polystachya subdiphylla is a species of orchid native to Tanzania , in the Nguru Mountains and Uluguru Mountains .
Sarcocystis nesbitti is a species of protozoon .
Carabus hummeli vladobydovi is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia , where it can only be found in Maritime Province .
Eriastrum abramsii is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Abrams ' woollystar .
Callicarpa dichotoma ( common names , Purple Beautyberry or Early Amethyst ) is species of beautyberry .
Triacanthus biaculeatus , also known as the Short - nosed tripod fish , is a species of marine fish in the family Triacanthidae .
Cathariostachys madagascariensis , the Madagascar giant bamboo or Volohosy in Malagasy language , is a bamboo species found in Madagascar .
Astragalus anisus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Gunnison milkvetch .
The Pebas stubfoot toad ( Atelopus spumarius ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
The family Ripiphoridae ( formerly spelled Rhipiphoridae ) is a cosmopolitan group of beetles , commonly known as wedge - shaped beetles , containing some 450 species .
Cyprina ligeriensis is an extinct species of saltwater clam , a fossil marine bivalve mollusk in the family Arcticidae .
The Zammarini is a tribe of cicadas .
Bolodon is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Europe , and possibly the Upper Jurassic of North America .
It contains only one species , Ratasa alienalis , which is found in Russia .
Gagea trinervia is a Mediterranean species of small bulbous perennial plants lily family .
Melica schuetzeana is species of grass in the Poaceae family that is found in Bhutan and in the Chinese provinces Qinghai , Sichuan and Yunnan .
Gilia tenuiflora is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name greater yellowthroat gilia .
Lobelia deckenii ( syn . Lobelia keniensis ) is a species of giant lobelia of the mountains of East Africa .
Eulimnadia texana , the Texas clam shrimp or desert shrimp , is a species of crustacean in the family Limnadiidae .
Barisia is a genus of lizards in the family Anguidae .
Dromaeosauridae is a family of feathered theropod dinosaurs .
Bellastraea aurea , common name the golden small star , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Agonum variolatum is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to the US state of California .
Rheum undulatum is a plant species in the genus Rheum found in Asia .
Valenzuela gynapterus is a species of Psocoptera from Caeciliusidae family that can be found in Finland , France , Germany , Latvia , Luxembourg , Norway , Poland , Romania , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland , and the Netherlands .
Antillesoma is a genus of peanut worms ( Phylum Sipuncula ) .
Diplodonta globus is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Ungulinidae .
Suillellus adonis is a species of bolete fungus found in Croatia .
Callipogon is a genus of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae .
The Tatama Climbing Salamander ( Bolitoglossa tatamae ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
The Alvord cutthroat trout , Oncorhynchus clarki alvordensis , was a subspecies of cutthroat trout .
Melicope makahae , Makaha Valley melicope , is a species of plant in the citrus family , Rutaceae .
Paramphilius baudoni is a species of loach catfish found in Cameroon , the Republic of Congo and Gabon .
Bayerotrochus tangaroanus , common name : the Tangaroan Slit Shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae .
Ilypnus is a genus of gobies native to the eastern Pacific Ocean coasts of California , USA to Baja California , Mexico .
Ammonoceratites is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopod known from the Albian ( upper Lower Cretaceous ) of British Columbia , Madagascar , New Zealand , and Japan , included in the Lytoceratidae .
Protremaster is an extinct genus of sea star that lived in the Early Jurassic(Age range : 196.5 to 189.6 Ma ) .
Pseudoparmena borchmanni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudoparmena .
Araucaria columnaris , the Coral reef araucaria , Cook pine , New Caledonia pine , Cook araucaria , or columnar araucaria , is a unique species of conifer in the Araucariaceae family .
Ilex gardneriana was a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family .
Asclepias L. ( 1753 ) , the milkweeds , is an American genus of herbaceous perennial , dicotyledonous plants that contains over 140 known species .
The red bull ant ( Myrmecia gulosa ) , also known as the giant bull ant or `` hoppy joe '' , is a species of bulldog ant from the genus Myrmecia .
Acacia meiantha is a species of flowering plant in the Fabaceae family .
Hoya kerrii is a species of Hoya native to the south - east of Asia .
Rutilus meidingerii is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family found in Austria , Germany , and Slovakia .
Ischnacanthus is an extinct genus of fish in the class Acanthodii .
Amphicyclotulus dominicensis is a species of tropical land snail with a gill and an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae .
Clematis napaulensis is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family , Ranunculaceae , native to China and the Indian subcontinent .
Shorea palosapis ( also called Philippine Mahogany or White Lauan ) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Oedaleops is an extinct genus of caseasaur synapsid from the Early Permian of the southwestern United States .
The Cucarrón or Cucharón ( Gyranthera darienensis ) is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Bombacaceae family .
Leccinum holopus , commonly known as the white birch bolete , white bog bolete , or ghost bolete , is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae found in northern Asia , Europe , and northeastern North America .
Kinkonychelys ( `` Lac Kinkony Study Area turtle '' ) is an extinct genus of side - necked turtle which existed in Madagascar during the Late Cretaceous period .
It contains only one species , Patagobia thursbyi , which is found in Chile and Argentina where it is known from temperate montane woodlands and grasslands in Patagonia .
Historis is a genus of butterflies in the Nymphalidae family found from Mexico to South America .
Allium altaicum is a species of onion native to Asiatic Russia ( Altay , Buryatiya , Zabaykalsky Krai , Irkutsk , Tuva , Amur Oblast ) , Mongolia , Kazakhstan and northern China ( Inner Mongolia , Heilongjiang and Xinjiang ) .
Mazocraeidae is a flatworms family in the order Mazocraeidea .
†Onychochilidae is an extinct family of small , fossil , upper Cambrian to lower Devonian molluscs .
Aeschronectida is an extinct order of mantis shrimp - like crustaceans which lived in the Mississippian subperiod in what is now Montana .
Cocytius is a genus of hawkmoths .
Centrolene lynchi , sometimes known as the Lynch 's giant glass frog , is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family .
Alcyonidium diaphanum or the `` Sea - chervil '' is a species of bryozoan found in the North Atlantic .
Cerastium glomeratum is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names sticky mouse - ear chickweed and clammy chickweed .
Rhinotyphlops is a genus of blind snakes found in Africa , the Middle East and India .
Ribes hirtellum is a North American species of gooseberry known by the common names American gooseberry , hairy - stem gooseberry , hairy gooseberry , and wedge - leaf gooseberry , native to Canada and to the northeastern and north - central United States .
Parischnogaster jacobsoni is a species of social wasp within Parischnogaster , the largest and least known genus of Stenogastrinae .
Balsamorhiza macrolepis is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe of the aster family , known by the common name California balsamroot .
Aethriamanta circumsignata known as the square - spot basker is a species of dragonfly in the Libellulidae family .
Archaeosporales is an order of fungi that may form arbuscular mycorrhiza or endocytosymbioses with cyanobacteria .
Haloquadratum walsbyi is a species of archaea discovered in a brine pool in the Sinai peninsula of Egypt .
Rhopalogaster is a genus of hypogeous Basidiomycetes .
Amynothrips andersoni is a species of thrips known as alligator weed thrips .
Brodavis is a genus of freshwater hesperornithiform birds known from the Late Cretaceous ( possibly Campanian and Maastrichtian stage ) of North America and Asia .
Lilaeopsis genus of several species of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae . Known commonly as grassworts .
Girella cyanea , the blue drummer , is a species of sea chub native to inshore waters , around 6 metres ( 20 ft ) depth , from Australia to New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands .
Minolia subangulata , common name the subangular margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae .
Rhadinosuchus is an extinct genus of proterochampsian archosauriform reptile from the Late Triassic .
Tegula gallina ( or commonly , Speckled Tegula ) is a North American species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae .
Presbyornis is an extinct genus of anseriform bird .
Napecoetes is a genus of moths in the family Psychidae .
Bagrichthys obscurus is a species of bagrid catfish which is found in Cambodia , Laos , Thailand and Vietnam where it is found in the Chao Phraya , Bang Pakong and Mekong drainages .
Hoplostethus vniro is a small deep - sea fish species belonging to the slimehead family ( Trachichthyidae ) .
Sticta venosa is a species of lichen in the family Lobariaceae .
Metacmaeops vittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Metacmaeops .
Neotomoxia castaneroides is a species of beetle in the Neotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family , which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily .
Psammobatis is a genus of fish in the Rajidae family .
Mimulus tilingii is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Tiling 's monkeyflower .
Xylia xylocarpa is a species of tree in the Mimosoideae subfamily of the Fabaceae family .
Eunephrops is a genus of lobsters , containing four species , all found in the Western Atlantic Ocean :
Penstemon personatus is an uncommon species of penstemon known by the common name closethroat beardtongue .
Geastrum jurei is a species of fungus in the Geastrales , or earthstar fungi .
Ariomma is a genus of deepwater , marine perciform fishes .
Austroplatypus incompertus is a species of ambrosia beetle belonging to the weevil family , native to Australia , with a verified distribution in New South Wales and Victoria .
Quercus oocarpa is a Mesoamerican species of oak in the beech family .
Helicina orbiculata , also known as Helicina ( Oligyra ) orbiculata and as Oligyra orbiculata , is a species of land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae .
Teratohyla is a small genus of glassfrogs in subfamily Centroleninae .
Inanidrilus is a genus of marine Annelid worms .
Nepenthes tomoriana ( /nɨˈpɛnθiːz təmɒriˈɑːnə/ ; after Tomori Bay , from which the type originates ) is a species of pitcher plant endemic to Sulawesi , where it grows at an elevation of 0 - -500 m above sea level .
Ficus lacunata is a species of plant in the family Moraceae which is endemic to Ecuador .
Ostrya knowltonii is a species of tree known by the common names Knowlton 's hophornbeam , western hophornbeam , woolly hophornbeam , and wolf hophornbeam .
The only known species is Zygochloa paradoxa , commonly known as sandhill canegrass .
Haplochromis greenwoodi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where they are found in the southeastern portion of the lake .
Disa purpurascens is a species of orchid found in South Africa ( SW . Cape Prov . ) .
Urophora mauritanica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae .
The Philippine coucal ( Centropus viridis ) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
Species The only known species in the genus is Shinnersia rivularis , the Rio Grande bugheal or Mexican oak leaf plant , native to Texas , Coahuila , and Nuevo León .
Galinsoga mollis is a rare Mexican species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Patinopecten yessoensis ( Yesso scallop , Giant Ezo scallop , Ezo giant scallop ) is a species of scallop .
It contains the single species Santschiella kohli , described by Forel in 1916 from the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Estonioceras is an extinct genus of tarphyceridan nautiloid from the Ordovician of Europe .
Allium pendulinum , called Italian garlic , is a plant species known only from Sardinia , Sicily , Corsica and mainland Italy .
Senecio antisanae is a species of Senecio in the Asteraceae family found only in the subtropical or tropical moist montane region of Ecuador .
Zodarion remotum is a spider species found in Corsica and Italy .
Uropappus , commonly called silverpuffs , is a genus of North American plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
The West African lion ( Panthera leo senegalensis ) , also known as the Senegal lion , is a lion subspecies native to western Africa .
Gigantosaurus ( from the Greek `` Γίγας '' and `` σαυρος '' , meaning `` giant lizard '' ) is a sauropod dinosaur genus from the Late Jurassic Kimmeridge Clay Formation of England .
The species Paranauchenia denticulata lived in the Miocene epoch in Argentina .
Lactarius vietus ( commonly known as the grey milkcap ) is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae , first described by Elias Magnus Fries .
It contains only one species , Dejoannisia pallidella , which is found in Mozambique .
Homotrysis is a genus of darkling beetle , described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1866 .
Hypancistrus inspector is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in the upper Negro , Casiquiare and upper Orinoco River basins .
Teocchiana pallida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Teocchiana .
The Chamula mountain brook frog , Duellmanohyla chamulae , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico .
Epapterus blohmi is a species of driftwood catfish distributed in the Orinoco River basin and Tuy River of the Caribbean coast of Venezuela .
Omomyidae is a family of early primates that radiated during the Eocene epoch between about 55 to 34 million years ago ( mya ) .
Artipe is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The members ( species ) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone , the Palearctic ecozone ( Himalayas - China ) and the Australasian ecozone ( New Guinea ) .
Lactobacillus parakefiri is a species in the genus Lactobacillus first isolated from kefir grains , hence its name .
Lybia australiensis is a species of small crab in the family Xanthidae .
Sinowilsonia is a monotypic genus of plant containing the single species Sinowilsonia henryi .
Arctostaphylos tomentosa is a species of manzanita known by the common name woollyleaf manzanita or woolley manzanita .
Hesperocolletes douglasi , the Rottnest bee , is an extinct species described from a single specimen collected in 1938 .
Epimecis hortaria , the tulip - tree beauty , is a species of Ennominae found in North America .
Ophrys tenthredinifera , the sawfly orchid , is a terrestrial species of orchid native to the Mediterranean region from Portugal and Morocco to Turkey .
Ictalurus lupus ( the bagre lobo or headwater catfish ) is a species of catfish in the family Ictaluridae .
Paravitrea clappi is a species of land snail in the family Zonitidae , the true glass snails .
Penstemon degeneri is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Degener 's beardtongue .
The restless demon , ( Indothemis limbata ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Priocnemis coriacea is a large species of pepsid spider wasp characterised by having plentiful erect hair on the face and propodum .
The Andropogoneae , sometimes called the sorghum tribe , are a large tribe of grasses ( family Poaceae ) with roughly 1,200 species in 90 genera , mainly distributed in tropical and subtropical areas .
Mammillaria carmenae ( Isla Carmen pincushion cactus ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae .
Salvia indica is a species of herbaceous perennial plant belonging to the family Lamiaceae .
Gundlachia triantha , the TransPecos goldenshrub or Trans - Pecos desert goldenrod , is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
In 2008 , the genus Sophronitis was merged into Cattleya , making such nothogenera as Potinara , Sophrolaeliocattleya and Sophrocattleya no longer current , but only of historical interest .
Saniwa is an extinct genus of monitor lizards that lived during the Eocene epoch around 48 million years ago .
Emblemariopsis ramirezi is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from Venezuela , in the western central Atlantic ocean .
Plagiopyla is a genus of ciliate .
Venerupis philippinarum is an edible species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Veneridae , the Venus clams .
Conus omaria , common name the Omaria cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
The Long - nosed bandicoots ( genus Perameles ) are members of the order Peramelemorphia .
Camassia cusickii , common name Cussick 's camas , is a species of plant in the Asparagaceae family ( subfamily Agavoideae ) .
Polystachya farinosa is a species of flowering plant in the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Cassida is a large genus of tortoise beetles in the subfamily Hispinae .
Phoenicopteridae is a wading bird family including flamingos and their close extinct relatives .
Clematis coactilis , common name Virginia white - hair leather flower , is a plant species endemic to the western part of the US State of Virginia .
Aspidoceras is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus that lived during the Late Jurassic ( Kimmeridgian ) with a fairly broad distribution .
Haemogregarina is a genus of haemoprotozoans , parasitic mainly on cold - blooded vertebrates .
Senecio mohavensis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Mojave ragwort .
Gutierrezia wrightii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Wright 's snakeweed .
Crossosoma bigelovii , known by the common name ragged rockflower , is one of only a few species in the flowering plant family Crossosomataceae .
The genus Systropha comprises several species of Old World sweat bees , primarily specialist pollinators of plants in the genus Convolvulus .
Jianchangopterus is a genus of scaphognathine rhamphorhynchid pterosaur from the Middle Jurassic of western Liaoning , China .
Dolichuranus is an extinct genus of dicynodont therapsid from the Middle Triassic of Africa .
Cylindrosybra albomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cylindrosybra .
Azibiidae is an extinct family of fossil primate from the late early or early middle Eocene from the Glib Zegdou Formation in the Gour Lazib area of Algeria .
Assiminea gittenbergeri is a species of minute operculate snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Trichodothella blumeri .
Pilophorus perplexus is a species of bug in the Miridae family that can be found everywhere in Europe ( except for Azores , Canary Islands , Cyprus , Iceland , Island , and Novaya Zemlya ) .
Allium tripterum is a plant species endemic to a small region near Mingora , in northwestern Pakistan .
Cartieraspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish , which lived during the Middle Devonian period in North America .
Quasicyclotosaurus is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl of the Moenkopi Formation .
Heterostropha was a previously used taxonomic category , an order of sea snails , within the superorder Heterobranchia .
Veronicella cubensis , common name the Cuban slug , is a species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae , the leatherleaf slugs .
Schiedea spergulina is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name canyon schiedea and spreading schiedea .
Pseudograpsus setosus ( Spanish : jaiba peluda ) is a species of edible crab endemic to the coasts of Chile , Ecuador and Peru ; it is a benthic predator that lives in the subtidal and intertidal zones in temperate waters from sea levels down to depths of 45 metres ( 150 ft ) .
The Gonorynchiformes are an order of ray - finned fish that includes the important food source , the milkfish ( Chanos chanos , family Chanidae ) , and a number of lesser - known types , both marine and freshwater .
Syncrossus hymenophysa ( commonly known as tiger loach , tiger botia or green tiger loach ) is a species of freshwater fish in the loach family Botiidae .
Erythronium umbilicatum ( Dimpled trout lily ) is a species of flowering plant in the lily family .
Koiloskiosaurus is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Early Triassic of Germany .
Huntleya citrina is a species of orchid that occurs in western Colombia and Ecuador .
Himantoglossum adriaticum , the Adriatic lizard orchid , is a species of orchid native to Italy , Croatia , Austria , and the Czech Republic .
Bryopsidophyceae is a class of chlorophyte green algae .
Mastodonsaurus ( meaning `` breast tooth lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Middle Triassic .
Dendropemon is a genus of mistletoes which is endemic to the Caribbean .
Antodynerus is an afrotropical and indomalayan genus of potter wasps .
Orthochilus ensatus is a species of orchid , occurring from Mozambique to South Africa .
Resnova humifusa is a bulbous perennial plant species in the genus Resnova found in South Africa .
The Biak scrubfowl or Biak megapode ( Megapodius geelvinkianus ) is a species of bird in the Megapodiidae family .
Ziziphus nummularia , also called Jharber ( Hindi : झड बेर ) , is a species of Ziziphus native to the Thar Desert of western India and southeastern Pakistan and south Iran ( where it is called رمیلک ramilak in Persian ) .
Hassar orestis is a species of thorny catfish that is native to the countries of Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Guyana , Peru and Venezuela .
Allium borszczowii is a plant species native to Uzbekistan , Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Sphaeromeria simplex is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Laramie chickensage and Laramie false sagebrush .
Digitalis ( /ˌdɪdʒᵻˈteɪlᵻs/ or /ˌdɪdʒᵻˈtælᵻs/ ) is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous perennials , shrubs , and biennials commonly called foxgloves .
Neoferdina is a genus of starfish in the family Goniasteridae .
The Bulgariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Helotiales .
Cichla orinocensis , sometimes known as the Orinoco peacock bass ( `` peacock bass '' is also used for some of its relatives ) , is a very large species of cichlid .
Agropyron is a genus of Eurasian plants in the grass family ) , native to Europe and Asia but widely naturalized in North America .
Eucalyptus langleyi , commonly known as Green Mallee Ash , Nowra Mallee , Nowra Mallee Ash or Albatross Mallee is an endangered Eucalyptus species native to south - eastern New South Wales , Australia .
Streptanthella is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the mustard family containing the single species Streptanthella longirostris , which is known by the common name longbeak streptanthella , or simply streptanthella .
Deraeocoris schach is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae , subfamily Deraeocorinae .
Bothriochloa saccharoides is a species of grass known by the common name silver bluestem .
Archaeoattacus edwardsii , common name Edward 's Atlas Moth , is a species of moths belonging to the Saturniidae family , Saturniinae subfamily .
Rubus geoides is a South American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Sesleria heufleriana is a species of perennial grass in the Poaceae family , native to central , southeastern , and eastern Europe and the Caucasus .
Henosepilachna vigintisexpunctata , common name twentysix - spotted potato ladybird is a ladybird species .
Oncidium incurvum is a species of orchid endemic to Mexico ( Veracruz to Chiapas ) .
Noteridae is a family of water beetles closely related to the Dytiscidae , and formerly classified with them .
The Percophidae , duckbills , are a family of perciform fishes found in tropical and subtropical waters of the Atlantic and Indian Oceans and in the southwestern and southeastern Pacific .
Delphinium cardinale is a species of larkspur known by the common names scarlet larkspur and cardinal larkspur .
Nursallia is an extinct genus of pycnodontid ray - finned fishes , ranging from the Late Cretaceous period until its extinction during the Eocene ( from 99.7 to 94.3 Ma ) .
Blechnum colensoi , also known as Colenso 's hard fern , waterfall fern or peretao is a species of fern native to New Zealand .
Cystidicoloides tenuissima is a species of nematode in the order Spirurida .
Dundocharax bidentatus is a species of distichodontid fish endemic to Angola , where it is found in the Lucoge River .
Metallosticha plumbeifasciella is a species of snout moth in the genus Metallosticha .
Sideroxylon alachuense , known by the common names Alachua bully , silver bully and silvery buckthorn , is a plant species native to the US States of Georgia and Florida .
Aloe tenuior is an extremely variable species .
Seddera spinosa is a species of plant in the Convolvulaceae family .
Conus stercusmuscarum , common name the fly - specked cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
The genus Hydrochoerus contains two living species of capybaras from South America and Panama , the largest living rodents in the world .
Jacquemontia reclinata is a rare species of flowering plant in the morning glory family known by the common names beach clustervine , reclined clustervine , and beach jacquemontia .
Icarosaurus ( meaning `` Icarus lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of kuehneosaurid reptile from the Late Triassic ( Carnian age ) Lower Lockatong Formation of New Jersey , dated to around 228 million years ago .
Bagarius rutilus is a species of sisorid catfish native to Laos , Vietnam and Yunnan in China where it is found in the Nam Sam , Nam Ma and Red River basins .
Vesperus conicicollis is a species of brown coloured beetle in the Vesperidae family that can be found in Portugal , Spain , and on the island of Sardinia .
Eocyclotosaurus is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl from the Middle Triassic ( Anisian ) .
Cassiope lycopodioides , Haida Gwaii mountain - heather or clubmoss mountain heather , is a plant species native to southern Alaska , British Columbia , and the US State of Washington .
Melica hunzikeri is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to southern South America .
Limnonectes liui is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Pseudergolis is a butterfly genus from the family Nymphalidae found in Southeast Asia .
Heliamphora glabra ( Latin : glaber = bald ) is a species of marsh pitcher plant native to Serra do Sol in Venezuela .
Neoiphinoe arctica is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae , the cap snails .
Vernonia is a genus of about 1000 species of forbs and shrubs in the family Asteraceae .
Aplestosuchus is an extinct genus of baurusuchid mesoeucrocodylian known from the Late Cretaceous Adamantina Formation of São Paulo , southern Brazil .
Pogonia japonica is a species of orchid occurring in East Asia .
Angulus emarginatus is a species of Angulus bivalve , mainly distbed in tidal zone of Mainland China .
Seitaad is a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur which lived during the lower Jurassic period in what is now southern Utah , USA .
Hiatellidae is a taxonomic family of small saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs .
Scelidomachus socotranus is a species of spider found on the island of Socotra in the Indian Ocean .
Lithophaga bisulcata , or the mahogany date mussel , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae .
Dodecatheon hendersonii is a species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae , native to western North America , from California north to southern British Columbia and Idaho .
Ochlerotatus is a genus of mosquito .
Delarbrea balansae is a species of flowering plant of family Myodocarpaceae endemic to New Caledonia .
Zamioculcas ( Common name `` Zanzibar Gem '' ) is a genus of flowering plant in the family Araceae , containing the single species Zamioculcas zamiifolia .
Ichnotropis is a genus of African lizards in the family Lacertidae .
Dorsanum miran , common name : the Moroccan bullia , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Agnoderus gnomoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Agnoderus .
The Mascarene owls were those belonging to the genus Mascarenotus .
Western bean cutworm ( Striacosta albicosta ) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family and the only member of the Striacosta genus .
Pectinodon is a genus of dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous period ( 66 mya ) .
Russula brevipes is a species of mushroom commonly known as the short - stemmed russula or the stubby brittlegill .
Notocheirus hubbsi is a species of surf sardine found along the Pacific coast of Argentina and Chile .
Brachinus psophia is a species of ground beetle from the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in Bulgaria , Greece , Italy , Albania , Austria , Czech Republic , France , Hungary , Moldova , Slovakia , Ukraine , all states of former Yugoslavia ( except for Macedonia ) , and in Western Europe .
Paracorynactis hoplites , usually known as the hoplites corallimorph , is a species of corallimorph from the western Indo - West Pacific .
Euptelea is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the monogeneric family Eupteleaceae .
Sufflogobius bibarbatus , the Bearded Goby or Pelagic Goby , is a species of goby native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean .
Athylia viduata is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily .
Protospinax is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish found in the Solnhofen limestones of southern Bavaria .
Pseudovertagus aluco , common name Aluco Vertagus or Cuming 's Cerith , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae , the ceriths .
Bursa verrucosa is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Bursidae , known as the frog shells .
Quirimbaua castroi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Quirimbaua .
Montiaceae are a family of flowering plants , comprising about 14 genera with some 500 species , ranging from herbaceous plants to shrubs .
Lapampasaurus is an extinct genus of hadrosaurid iguanodont known from the Late Cretaceous Allen Formation ( late Campanian or early Maastrichtian stage ) of La Pampa Province , Argentina .
Apatosuchus is an extinct genus of non - crocodylomorph loricatan pseudosuchian known from the Late Triassic of Germany .
Afrolimnophila joana is a species of Limoniid crane fly in the family Limoniidae .
Blepisanis basirufipennis is a beetle species from the Cerambycidae family .
Carabus lefebvrei is a species of bluish - black coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily , that is endemic to Sicily .
Coccinella novemnotata , the nine - spotted ladybug or nine - spotted lady beetle , is a species of ladybug native to North America .
Leucoagaricus leucothites , white dapperling , or white Agaricus mushroom , is a species of agaric fungus .
Tilia nasczokinii is considered a threatened species and included in the Red Book of Krasnoyarsk Krai .
Vombisidris is a genus of subarboreal and arboreal ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Eupatorus is a genus of rhinoceros beetles .
Raja rhina , also known as the longnose skate , is a species of skate mostly found on the Alaska Coastline , Eastern Bering Sea , Baja California , and the Gulf of California .
Asterias forbesi , commonly known as Forbes sea star , is a species of starfish in the family Asteriidae .
Saribus is a genus of palms ( family Arecaceae ) , native to Southeast Asia and Papuasia .
Lophocalotes is a genus of agamid lizard , containing a single species , Lophocalotes ludekingi , endemic to Sumatra , Indonesia , commonly called the crested lizard .
Rhipidomys is a genus of rodents in the family Cricetidae , comprising at least 18 species of climbing mouse :
Diplotaxodon is a small genus of seven formally described , as well as a number of undescribed , deep - water species of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Malawi in east Africa .
Symmorium is an extinct genus of stethacanthid shark .
Tellimya ferruginosa is a species of small marine bivalve mollusc in the family Montacutidae .
Grylloblatta campodeiformis , also known as the Northern Rock Crawler , is an omnivorous species of insect in family Grylloblattidae .
The parrot family Psittaculidae consists of five subfamilies , the Platycercinae , Psittacellinae , Loriinae , Agapornithinae and Psittaculinae .
Buccinum baeri , common name Baer 's Buccinum , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Phacochoerus is a genus of wild pigs in the family Suidae , known as warthogs .
Chlorophorus is a genus of round - necked longhorns belonging to the family Cerambycidae , subfamily Cerambycinae .
Gethyllis ( probably from Greek `` gethyon '' , bulb ) , commonly called Kukumakranka , Koekemakranka , or Kroekemakrank , is a genus of bulbous plant in the Amaryllis family .
Hedera algeriensis ( Algerian ivy ; syn . Hedera canariensis var . algeriensis Willd ) is a species of evergreen ivy native to the North African coast , including coastal mountains in Algeria .
Cooper 's mountain squirrel ( Paraxerus cooperi ) is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae found in Cameroon and Nigeria .
Ophiogobius is a genus of gobies native to the coastal Pacific and Atlantic waters of southern South America .
Triops longicaudatus is one of the oldest animal species still in existence .
Strobilomyces foveatus is a little - known species of fungus in the Boletaceae family .
Funastrum clausum , commonly known as white twinevine , is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family , Apocynaceae .
Tetradymia comosa is a species of flowering plant in the aster family , known by the common name hairy horsebrush .
Garrya flavescens is a species of flowering shrub , known by the common name ashy silktassel .
The genus it is considered monotypic , with the single species Nemaxera betulinella placed here .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Erikssonopsis ericae .
Bifidunguiglenea gestroi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Bifidunguiglenea .
Saltanecydalopsis irwini is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Saltanecydalopsis .
Cinnamodendron cubense is a species of flowering plant in the family Canellaceae .
Cyathula is a genus of medicinal and ornamental plants in the family Amaranthaceae .
Herpetotherium is an extinct genus of metatherian mammal .
Pyrgomantis simillima is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania , Transvaal , and Zimbabwe .
Angiostrongylus vasorum , also known as French heartworm , is a species of parasitic nematode in the family Metastrongylidae .
Rhynchactis macrothrix is a species of whipnose angler found in the Atlantic and western Indian Oceans where it is found at depths of around 2,000 metres ( 6,600 ft ) .
Copadichromis ilesi is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family , which is endemic to Lake Malawi .
Agathotoma aculea is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae
Mantoida is a genus containing eleven species of mantis .
Asterohyptis is a genus of the Lamiaceae , or mint family , first described in 1932 .
The Madagascan snipe has never been recorded elsewhere , and no other snipe species have yet been recorded on Madagascar .
Syneta betulae is a species of beetle from the family of leaf beetles , subfamily Synetinae .
Hokkaidornis is an extinct genus of penguin - like plotopterid from the Late Oligocene of Hokkaido , Japan .
Austroliotia densilineata , common name the close - lined austroliotia , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae .
Androsace is a genus in the family Primulaceae , second only to Primula in number of species .
Thonningia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Balanophoraceae containing the single species Thonningia sanguinea .
Lapsias lorax is a species of lapsiine jumping spider from Ecuador .
Poromya granulata , or the granular poromya , is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Poromyidae .
Oxycera pygmaea , the pygmy soldier , is a European species of soldier fly .
Plesiadapiformes ( `` Adapid - like '' or `` near Adapiformes '' ) is an extinct ( and possibly paraphyletic or polyphyletic ) order of mammals .
Pityopsis graminifolia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name narrowleaf silkgrass .
Asterolasia asteriscophora , commonly known as lemon starbush , is a shrub species in the family Rutaceae .
Cypraecassis testiculus , common name the reticulated cowry helmet , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae , the helmet snails and bonnet snails .
Inula is a large genus of about 90 species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae , native to Europe , Asia and Africa .
Cymbella elegans is a diatom species in the genus Cymbella .
Coralliogalathea humilis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Galatheidae .
Plectronoceras is the type genus of the family Plectronoceratidae .
Watsonisuchus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Australia , Madagascar , and South Africa .
Cleomella longipes , the Chiricahua Mountain stinkweed , is a plant species native to northern Mexico and to the southwestern United States .
Inia is a genus of river dolphins from South America .
Belidae is a family of weevils , called belids or primitive weevils because they have straight antennae , unlike the `` true weevils '' or Curculionidae which have elbowed antennae .
Trisetaria is a genus of plants in the grass family , native to Asia and to the Mediterranean region .
Gammarus baysali is a cave - dwelling species of freshwater amphipod crustacean , found in Turkey .
The Marsh Skimmer , also known as Tricolored Marsh Hawk , and Slender Blue Skimmer , ( Orthetrum luzonicum ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Parachondrostoma miegii is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Spain .
Cattleya elongata , the Cattleya with the Elongated Stalk , is an orchid species in the genus Cattleya endemic to the campo rupestre vegetation in northeastern Brazil .
Gibberula burnupi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cystiscidae , the margin snails .
Aptinoma is a small genus arboreal of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae .
Nemotelus pantherinus , the fen snout , is a European species of soldier fly .
Caralophia loxochila , the Slantlip eel , is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae .
Neusticurus is a genus of gymnophthalmid lizards endemic to northern South America .
The Andean siskin ( Spinus spinescens ) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family .
Atractosteus is a genus of gars in the family Lepisosteidae , with three species .
Zabrus aetolus is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece .
Pthirus gorillae or gorilla louse is a species of parasitic sucking louse that afflicts gorillas .
Uroplatus sikorae is a species of gecko commonly referred to as the mossy leaf - tailed gecko .
Zodarion germanicum is a spider species of the Zodariidae family .
Myrmeleon pictifrons is a species of insect known commonly as ant - lion or doodlebug .
The Dendryphantinae are a subfamily of jumping spiders that occur mainly in the New World .
Glyphipterigidae is a family of small moths commonly known as sedge moths as the larvae of many species feed on sedges and rushes .
Pilularia minuta , is a species of fern belonging to the family Marsileaceae .
Ilex cookii ( Cook 's Holly or te ) is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family .
The Acleistoceratidae , named by Flower in Flower & Kümmel 1950 , is a family of oncocerids that contains genera characterized by depressed ( or rarely compressed ) exogastric brevicones and cyrtocones ( Sweet , 1964 K398 ) that range from the Middle Silurian to the Middle Devonian .
Salix japonica is a species of willow native to hills and mountains of central Honshū ( Japan ) .
Gigantochloa is a tropical Asian and Papuasian genus of giant clumping bamboos in the grass family .
Polymita picta , common name the Cuban land snail or the Painted snail , is a species of large , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
Gonidiomyces is a fungal genus in the division Ascomycota .
Oliva mantichora , common name the amethyst olive , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae , the olives .
Eburia brunneicomis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family , that can be found in Belize , Guatemala and Mexico .
The Drakensberg minnow ( Labeobarbus aspius ) is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Congo Democratic Republic .
Adenanthos labillardierei is a species of erect shrub endemic to the slopes of the Barren Ranges in the Fitzgerald River National Park in southwest Western Australia .
Musa sikkimensis , also called Darjeeling Banana is a species of the genus Musa .
Angaria sphaerula is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc of the family Angariidae .
Sinibrama macrops is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Sinibrama .
Stellepipona is a small ( 7 species currently recognized ) afrotropical genus of potter wasps .
Euclea balfourii is a species of plant in the Ebenaceae family .
Msuata is a genus of flowering plants in the ironweed tribe within the sunflower family .
Erigeron compactus is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names cushion daisy , fernleaf fleabane , and compact daisy .
The spider genus Paratheridula with its single species P. perniciosa is widely distributed ; it is suspected that it is introduced .
Schisandra ( magnolia vine ) is a genus of twining shrub that generally climb on other vegetation .
Spiniphryne gladisfenae , the Prickly dreamer , is a species of dreamer known only from the Atlantic Ocean .
Lycaenidae is the second - largest family of butterflies ( behind Nymphalidae , brush - footed butterflies ) , with over 5,000 species worldwide , whose members are also called gossamer - winged butterflies .
The Orthoptera order of insects includes the grasshoppers , crickets , cave crickets , Jerusalem crickets , katydids , weta , lubber , Acrida , and locusts .
Amelanchier spicata , also referred to as the low juneberry , thicket shadbush , dwarf serviceberry , or low serviceberry ( historically also called `` pigeon berry '' ) , is a species of serviceberry that has edible fruit , which are really pomes .
Amtocephale ( meaning `` Amtgai head '' ) is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur from early Late Cretaceous ( Turonian - Santonian stages ) deposits of southern Gobi Desert , Mongolia .
Baryphracta is an extinct genus of diplocynodontinecrocodilian .
Rhacophorus owstoni is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Japan .
It is placed in its own genus , Charruodon .
Elachorbis tatei is a species of minute sea snail with an operculum , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tornidae .
Penstemon haydenii , the blowout beardtongue or blowout penstemon , is a species of beardtongue in the Plantaginaceae family .
Belodontichthys is a genus of sheatfishes native to Asia .
Heterocondylus is a genus of Latin American flowering plants in the sunflower family .
It contains only one known species , Cyanixia socotrana , a perennial , herbaceous and bulbous plant species endemic to the Island of Socotra in the Indian Ocean , part of the Republic of Yemen .
Pelargorhynchus ( meaning `` stork beak '' ) is a genus of prehistoric fish .
The Pimoidae spider family is a rather small group of 37 species in four genera .
Lupinus brevicaulis is a species of lupine known by the common names shortstem lupine and sand lupine .
Buriadia is a genus that existed from the Carboniferous to the Permian .
Vanilla bahiana is a species of vanilla orchid that is endemic to Bahia , located in eastern Brazil .
Euglandina texasianais a species of large predatory air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae .
Myochamidae is a family of saltwater clams , marine bivalves in the order Anomalodesmata .
Streptomyces hundungensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from a quarry in Tangkhul Hundung in Manipur in India Streptomyces hundungensis has antifungal activity .
Euvrilletta serricornis is a species of beetles in the genus Euvrilletta of the family Anobiidae .
Helianthus anomalus , Western sunflower , is a species of plants in the sunflower family , found in the southwestern United States .
Hiboka is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae with only one species , Hiboka geayi , found in Madagascar .
Blasisaurus is a genus of lambeosaurine hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous .
Carex ericetorum , known as rare spring sedge , is a perennial species of plants in the sedge family Cyperaceae native to central Europe and western Asia growing on calcareous soils in short grassland .
Brachionichthys was , until recently , the only genus in the family Brachionichthyidae ( commonly known as handfishes ) , but presently five genera are placed in this family of anglerfishes .
Zeatrophon pulcherrimus is a species of small predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae , the rock snails or murex snails .
Ranunculus cymbalaria is a species of buttercup known by the common names alkali buttercup and seaside buttercup .
Michaelophorus indentatus is a species of moth in the genus Michaelophorus , known from Belize , Brazil , Mexico , and Panama .
The genus Cibolaites is a strongly ribbed and nodose ammonoid cephalopod from the middle Cretaceous of western New Mexico , included in the taxonomic family Collignoniceratidae .
Partula langfordi is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
The family , Sactorthoceratidae , was established by Rousseau Flower in 1946 , based on the genus Sactorthoceras .
Pseudapocryptes is a genus of gobies native to fresh and brackish waters of the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean coasts from India to Tahiti .
The Euliini are a tribe of tortrix moths .
Notonectidae is a cosmopolitan family of aquatic insects in the order Hemiptera , commonly called Backswimmers because they swim upside down .
Lithocarpus edulis ( common name , Japanese Stone Oak ) is a species of stone - oak native to Japan .
Tamarix nilotica , the Nile tamarisk , is a species of shrub or small tree in the tamarisk family .
Nebria cameroni is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Nepal and Uttar Pradesh province of India .
Astragalus missouriensis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Missouri milkvetch .
Charaxes nyikensis is a member of the large species group Charaxes etheocles
Ferrissia tanganyicensis is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet , an aquatic gastropod in the family Planorbidae .
Hypselobarbus periyarensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Periyar Lake in Kerala , India .
Uromastyx geyri is a species of lizard belonging to the family Agamidae .
Sedum moraniii is a rare species of flowering plant in the stonecrop genus known by the common name Rogue River stonecrop .
Aphthona cyparissiae is a species of leaf beetle known as the brown dot leafy spurge flea beetle .
Sub species include Eucalyptus scias subsp .
Noctiluca scintillans , commonly known as the Sea Sparkle , and also published as Noctiluca miliaris , is a free - living non - parasitic marine - dwelling species of dinoflagellate that exhibits bioluminescence when disturbed ( popularly known as mareel ) .
Angraecum gabonense is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Equatorial Guinea and Gabon .
Shigella dysenteriae is a species of the rod - shaped bacterial genus Shigella .
Siboglinidae , also known as the beard worms , is a family of polychaete annelid worms whose members made up the former phyla Pogonophora ( the giant tube worms ) and Vestimentifera .
Cherublemma emmelas , the black brotula , is a species of cusk - eel found along the Pacific coast of Central and South America from Baja California to Chile .
Vellodius etisoides is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae .
Amazonspinther dalmata is a species of characin endemic to Brazil , where it is found in the Rio Purus and Rio Madeira basins .
Amara amplipennis is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family that can be found in Asia .
Dendrobium sanguinolentum , the Blood - stained Dendrobium , is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family .
Eriochloa polystachya is a species of grass known by the common name Caribbean cupgrass .
Oplegnathus is currently the sole recognized genus in the knifejaw family ( Oplegnathidae ) of marine perciform fishes .
Reef lobsters , Enoplometopus , are a genus of small lobsters that live on reefs in the Indo - Pacific , Caribbean and warmer parts of the east Atlantic Ocean .
Aromobates capurinensis ( common name : Sierra Nevada rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Chlorothraupis is a genus of bird in the family Cardinalidae .
Sidalcea robusta is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Butte County checkerbloom .
Stagmomantis montana ( Rehn , 1935 ) , common name Mountain mantis , is a species of praying mantis in genus Stagmomantis .
Billbergia viridiflora is a species in the genus Billbergia native to Tabasco , Belize and Guatemala .
Eupomatia is a genus of three flowering shrub species known to science , of the Australian continent ancient family Eupomatiaceae .
Geosesarma malayanum is a species of small red crab which is found in Malaysia .
Xyris , the yelloweyed grasses , is a genus of flowering plants in the Yellow - eyed - grass family .
Stirellus bicolor is a species of leafhopper native to North America .
Pentastelma is a genus of liana in family Apocynaceae , first published as a genus in 1974 .
Vernonia lettermannii , the narrowleaf ironweed , is a plant species known only from Arkansas and Oklahoma .
Dipteropeltis hirundo is a little - known species of fish louse .
Baobab is the common name for each of the nine species of tree in the genus Adansonia .
Theropithecus darti is an extinct species of Gelada from the middle to late Pliocene of Africa .
Manfreda longiflora is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae that is native to the Lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States and northern Tamaulipas in Mexico .
Tinguarra montana is a species of plants in the Apiaceae family , endemic to the Canary Islands .
Cacyparis elegans is a moth species in the genus Cacyparis found in the Solomon Islands .
Acrolophia is a genus of orchids , with 7 species , all endemic to South Africa .
Parthenopidae is a family of crabs , placed in its own superfamily , Parthenopoidea .
Pardosa profuga is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Hungary .
Bidens torta , the corkscrew beggarticks , is a flowering plant species in the sunflower family .
Choreutidae , or metalmark moths , are a family of insects in the lepidopteran order whose relationships have been long disputed .
Bonnetia holostyla is a species of flowering plant in the Bonnetiaceae family .
Erosaria turdus , common name : the thrush cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
The genus Ecprepaulax was named by Hahn G. and Hahn R. in 1999 based on a single species Ecprepaulax anomala Fossil remains were found in Berriasian ( Lower Cretaceous ) strata in Portugal .
Quercus asymetrica is a species of oak in the subgenus Cyclobalanopsis .
Phacelia stebbinsii is an uncommon species of phacelia known by the common name Stebbins ' phacelia .
Cyperus bulbosus is a species of sedge found across Africa , the Middle East , Indian Subcontinent , Southeast Asia , and Australia .
Nanobamus is an extinct genus of amphibamid temnospondyl amphibian .
Saccharum is a genus of tall perennial plants of the broomsedge tribe within the grass family .
Catocala sponsa , the dark crimson underwing , is a species of moth of the Erebidae family .
Cattleya pumila , commonly known as the Dwarf Sophronitis , is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern and southern Brazil .
It is native to Brazil and is the only member of the genus Sellocharis .
Omobranchus robertsi is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean , around Papua New Guinea .
Ascocratera is a genus of fungi within the Trypetheliaceae family .
Archontophoenix myolensis , the Myola Palm , is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family .
Platyphora testudo is a species of broad - shouldered leaf beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family .
Ziziphus abyssinica is a species of shrub in the Rhamnaceae family .
Psilostrophe , the paperflowers is a genus of North American plants in the sneezeweed tribe within the sunflower family .
It contains only the species Protomeroleuca perlides Berio , 1966 from Madagascar .
Kangnasaurus ( meaning `` Farm Kangnas lizard '' ) is a genus of iguanodontian ornithopod dinosaur found in supposedly Early Cretaceous rocks of South Africa .
Holoperas oenochroalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Holoperas .
Valentina Bartolomasi ( 1889 - 1932 ) was an Italian soprano who had a major opera career from 1910 through 1927 .
Antonietta Pastori ( born in 1929 ) is an Italian operatic soprano , particularly associated with lighter lyric and coloratura roles .
Darren Keith Woods ( born 1958 , Texas ) is an American opera director and operatic tenor .
Milena Kitic ( born 1968 in Belgrade , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian American operatic mezzo - soprano .
Hector Dupeyron ( 1861 - -1911 ) was a French operatic tenor who had a prolific opera career in Europe from 1887 through 1906 .
David Habbin is a tenor from Ringwood , Hampshire , England , who achieved international acclaim as a founding member of the pop opera band , Amici Forever .
Michael Weinius , born March 1 , 1971 in Stockholm , is a Swedish tenor opera singer .
Lucien Muratore ( 29 August 1876 - 16 July 1954 , Paris ) was a French actor and operatic tenor , particularly associated with the French repertory .
Paul Schöffler ( 15 September 1897 -- 21 November 1977 ) was a German operatic baritone , particularly associated with Mozart , Wagner , and Strauss roles .
Nicholas Isherwood is US - born bass singer , who specialises in contemporary and baroque music .
Lei Jia ( Chinese : 雷佳 ; pinyin : Léi Jīa , born October 19 , 1979 in Yiyang , Hunan ) is a Chinese folk soprano and a Chinese national class one performer .
Karl Perron , born Karl Pergamenter and also known as Carl Perron , ( 3 June 1858 -- 15 July 1928 ) was a German bass - baritone .
Russell Braun ( born 19 July 1965 ) is a Canadian operatic lyric baritone , Juno Award winner .
Amanda Forsythe ( born 1976 ) is an award winning American light lyric soprano who is particularly admired for her interpretations of baroque music and the works of Rossini .
Marinka Gurewich ( 1902 , Bratislava - 23 December 1990 , Manhattan ) was an American voice teacher and mezzo - soprano of Jewish Czech descent .
Graeme Danby ( born 23 May 1962 in Consett , County Durham , England ) is an operatic bass who has performed at several of the world 's leading opera houses , notably the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden and the English National Opera .
Janet Price ( born 1941 ) is a Welsh soprano particularly associated with the 19th - century Italian bel canto repertory .
Euphrosyne Parepa - Rosa ( 7 May 1836 -- 21 January 1874 ) was a British operatic soprano who established the Carl Rosa Opera Company together with second husband Carl Rosa .
Bonaventura Bottone ( born 19 September 1950 in London ) is an operatic tenor who has performed at many of the world 's leading opera houses .
Hugo Hasslo ( 16 May 1911 Bohuslän - 20 January 1994 Stockholm ) was a Swedish operatic baritone .
Theodore Harrison was a Chicago - area concert baritone and choral conductor best known for his presence in the Chicago music community .
Ashley Putnam ( born August 10 , 1952 ) is an American soprano from New York City .
Ilse Gramatzki ( born 1939 ) is a German operatic mezzo - soprano and contralto who performed at major European opera houses .
Günter Reich ( 22 November 1921 -- 15 January 1989 ) , also spelled Günther Reich and Gunther Reich , was an Israeli baritone of German birth .
Ryan Allen is an American bass singer best known for his work in opera .
Miriam Pirazzini ( born August 21 , 1918 ) was a well - known Italian mezzo - soprano .
Franz Betz ( 19 March 1835 -- 11 August 1900 ) was a German bass - baritone opera singer who sang at the Berlin State Opera from 1859 to 1897 .
Anita Cerquetti ( 13 April 1931 -- 11 October 2014 ) was an Italian dramatic soprano who had a short but meteoric career in the 1950s .
Valeria Stenkina ( Russian : Валерия Стенкина ) is a Russian operatic soprano and Meritorious Artist of Russia .
Ecuador 's foremost classical soprano , Beatriz Parra Durango was born in Guayaquil in 1940 .
Cesare Valletti ( December 18 , 1922 - May 13 , 2000 ) was an Italian operatic tenor , one of the leading tenore di grazia of the postwar era .
Susan Owen ( married : Susan Owen - Leinert ) is an American operatic soprano .
Joshua Hecht is an operatic bass .
