The Little White Bird is a British novel by J. M. Barrie , ranging in tone from fantasy and whimsy to social comedy with dark , aggressive undertones .
A Little History of the World ( originally in German , Eine kurze Weltgeschichte für junge Leser ) is a history book by Ernst Gombrich .
Caesar 's Women is the fourth historical novel in Colleen McCullough 's Masters of Rome series , published in 1996 .
Paris 1850 ( 2004 ) , is the second novel in the Vampire Plagues series by Sebastian Rook , the pseudonym for Ben Jeapes .
Romeo Brown was a British comic strip written by Peter O'Donnell and drawn by Alfred Mazure ( 1954 - -1957 ) and Jim Holdaway ( 1957 - -1963 ) .
Military Cross T./2nd Lt . Wilfred Beaver , Gen. List , and R.F.C. For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty .
Captain Arthur J. Jackson ( born October 18 , 1924 ) is a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for his actions on Peleliu during World War II . PFC Jackson single - handedly destroyed 12 enemy pillboxes and killed 50 enemy soldiers .
In January 2010 , King Juan Carlos I appointed Javier Solana the 1,194th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece for his career in diplomacy .
Joe Isgro ( born c. 1948 ) is an American Academy Award - nominated producer and Purple Heart veteran .
Gerhard Simons ( born 5 February 1921 ) is an officer who served in the German army during World War II . He was a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( medals recognising extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership ) .
Sympathy for Delicious is a 2010 drama film , and the directorial debut of Mark Ruffalo .
Jump Tomorrow is a 2001 independent film and romantic comedy written and directed by Joel Hopkins , starring Tunde Adebimpe , Hippolyte Girardot , and Natalia Verbeke .
H.M.S. Defiant ( released as Damn the Defiant ! in the United States ) is a British adventure CinemaScope and Technicolor film from 1962 starring Alec Guinness and Dirk Bogarde .
The Lost Bridegroom a 1916 silent comedy film produced by Adolph Zukor starring John Barrymore .
The Scotland Yard Mystery is a 1934 British crime film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Gerald du Maurier , George Curzon , Grete Natzler , Belle Chrystall and Wally Patch .
Her Nameless Child is a 1915 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble , Fred Groves and M. Gray Murray .
Duane Hopwood is a 2005 film featured in the Sundance Film Festival starring David Schwimmer and Janeane Garofalo , with a supporting cast featuring Judah Friedlander , Dick Cavett , Susan Lynch , John Krasinski , Rachel Covey , and Mia Dillon .
Shockproof is a 1949 American film noir directed by Douglas Sirk , and starring Cornel Wilde and Patricia Knight .
This Is the Army is a 1943 American wartime musical comedy film produced by Hal B. Wallis and Jack L. Warner , and directed by Michael Curtiz , adapted from a wartime stage musical with the same name , designed to boost morale in the U.S. during World War II , directed by Ezra Stone .
Johnny Concho is a 1956 film starring Frank Sinatra , Phyllis Kirk and Keenan Wynn and directed by Don McGuire .
El estudiante ( English : The Student ) is a 2009 Mexican film written and directed by Roberto Girault , and starring Jorge Lavat , Norma Lazareno , José Carlos Ruiz , Jeannine Derbez , Siouzana Melikián and Cristina Obregón .
Pattakkathi Bhairavan ( Tamil : பட்டாக்கத்தி பைரவன் ) is a 1979 Tamil - language Indian feature film starring Sivaji Ganesan , Jaiganesh , Sridevi and Jayasudha in the lead roles .
The Understanding Heart is a 1927 American silent adventure drama film directed by Jack Conway and stars Joan Crawford in an early leading role .
Sontha Ooru ( English : Native village ) is a 2009 Telugu film starring Raja , Thirtha , L.B. Sriram in main roles .
With the end of the series , there was talk of a push by Ana Ortiz and America Ferrera for an Ugly Betty movie .
Kevin & Perry Go Large is a 2000 British teen comedy film based on the Harry Enfield sketch Kevin the Teenager .
Speed Limited is a 1935 American crime film directed by Albert Herman and starring Evelyn Brent .
Educating Father is a 1936 American comedy film directed by James Tinling and starring Jed Prouty , Shirley Deane and Dixie Dunbar .
Thotti Gang is a 2002 Telugu comedy film produced and directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana starring Prabhu Deva , Allari Naresh , Sunil , Gajala and Anita Hassanandani in the lead roles .
Across to Singapore is a 1928 American silent romantic drama film directed by William Nigh , and starring Ramon Novarro and Joan Crawford .
A Strange Kind of Colonel ( French : Un drôle de colonel ) is a 1968 French comedy film directed by Jean Girault and starring Jean Lefebvre , Jean Yanne and Pascale Roberts .
Stanley Ka Dabba ( Hindi : स्टैनली का डब्बा ) is a 2011 Hindi film written , directed and produced by Amole Gupte , starring Divya Dutta , Partho Gupte ( son of Amole Gupte ) , Divya Jagdale , Raj Zutshi , and Amole Gupte .
Kallukkul Eeram ( Tamil : கல்லுக்குள் ஈரம் English : Moisture inside stone ) is a 1980 Kollywood film directed by P. S. Nivas , starring P. Bharathiraja , Sudhakar , Aruna and Vijayashanti . Aruna and Vijayashanti was debut movie in Tamil language .
Tin Hats is a 1926 comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick ( his first for MGM ) , starring Claire Windsor and Conrad Nagel .
Ich suche Dich ( `` I Seek You '' ) is a 1956 German film based on the play Jupiter Laughs by A. J. Cronin directed by O. W. Fischer also starring in the film , that also features Anouk Aimée , Nadja Tiller , and Otto Brüggemann .
Sasurbari Zindabad ( English : Three Cheers for the In - laws ) is a Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty , starring Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rituparna Sengupta .
The Kidnapping of Lola ( Spanish : El secuestro de Lola ) is a 1986 Mexican action film directed by Raúl Fernández and starring Rosa Gloria Chagoyán , Rolando Fernández and Frank Moro .
Pay as You Enter is a 1928 American comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Louise Fazenda , Clyde Cook and William Demarest .
Sartana the Gravedigger ( Italian : Sono Sartana , il vostro becchino and also known as I Am Sartana Your Angel of Death ) is a 1969 Italian Western film directed by Giuliano Carnimeo and starring Gianni Garko .
H Story is a 2001 Japanese drama film by writer - director Nobuhiro Suwa .
Ashakara is a French - Swiss produced Burkinabé - Togolese film directed by Gérard Louvin , starring James Campbell , Jean - Marc Pasquet , Willy Monshengwo and Bamela Nyanta .
The Final Terror ( also known as Campsite Massacre , Bump in the Night and The Forest Primeval ) is a 1983 American horror film directed by Andrew Davis , and starring Rachel Ward , Daryl Hannah , Adrian Zmed , and Joe Pantoliano .
Romance in Puerto Rico ( Spanish : Romance en Puerto Rico ) is a 1962 Mexican - Puerto Rican musical film directed by Ramón Pereda and starring María Antonieta Pons and Dagoberto Rodríguez .
Professori Uuno D.G. Turhapuro is a Finnish 1975 comedy film written by Spede Pasanen and directed by Ere Kokkonen .
Film Portrait ( 1972 ) is a full - length autobiographical movie directed by , and about , the life of Minnesotan film - maker and artist , Jerome Hill .
Hercules and the Masked Rider ( Italian : Golia e il cavaliere mascherato , also known as Goliath and the Masked Rider ) is a 1963 Italian peplum film written and directed by Piero Pierotti and starring Alan Steel and Mimmo Palmara .
Wintertime is a 1943 Twentieth Century - Fox musical film starring Sonja Henie and Cesar Romero , and featuring Woody Herman and His Orchestra .
The Trail to Yesterday is a 1918 American silent western film directed by Edwin Carewe and starring Bert Lytell and Anna Q. Nilsson .
Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya ( English : Love , What Have You Done ? ) is a 2001 Indian romantic thriller film produced by Ram Gopal Varma and starring Fardeen Khan , Urmila Matondkar and Sonali Kulkarni .
Mimics Super 1000 is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film directed by Balu Kiriyath and starring Jagadish and Anusha in the lead roles .
One More Spring is a 1935 film about three people ( Janet Gaynor , Warner Baxter , and Walter Woolf King ) living together in the maintenance shed at Central Park as an alternative to living on the streets .
Perilous Holiday is a 1946 American romantic thriller film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Pat O'Brien , Ruth Warrick and Alan Hale , Sr ..
After Many Days is a 1919 British silent drama film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Bruce Gordon , Alice Russon and Irene Browne .
Mabel 's Latest Prank is a 1914 film both starring and co - directed by Mabel Normand and Mack Sennett .
What 's New Pussycat ? is a 1965 American comedy film directed by Clive Donner , and stars Peter Sellers , Peter O'Toole , Romy Schneider , Capucine , Paula Prentiss and Ursula Andress .
Belli Kalungura ( Kannada : ಬೆಳ್ಳಿ ಕಾಲುಂಗುರ ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada language film directed by K. V. Raju , starring Sunil and Malashri in the lead roles .
Un secreto de Esperanza ( released under `` A Beautiful Secret '' in English - speaking countries ) is a 2002 Mexican film written and directed by Leopoldo Laborde and starring Katy Jurado , Imanol , Jaime Aymerich and Ana de la Reguera .
Death Ring is a 1993 action film starring Billy Drago , Chad McQueen , Elizabeth Sung , Don Swayze , Ron Thompson and directed by R.J. Kizer .
So Well Remembered is a 1947 British film starring John Mills , Martha Scott , and Trevor Howard .
The Hunting of the Hawk is a 1917 silent film mystery directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring William Courtenay .
Solino is a 2002 Italian - German movie directed by Fatih Akın and starring Moritz Bleibtreu , Barnaby Metschurat , Gigi Savoia and Antonella Attili .
Attack of the 50 Foot Woman is a independently made 1958 American black - and - white science fiction feature film , produced by Bernard Woolner , directed by Nathan H. Juran ( credited as Nathan Hertz ) , and starring Allison Hayes , William Hudson , and Yvette Vickers .
Stowaway on Board ( Spanish : Polizón a bordo ) is a 1941 Spanish comedy film directed by Florián Rey , co - starring Guadalupe Muñoz Sampedro and Ismael Merlo .
Convicted Woman ( 1940 ) is a crime movie starring Rochelle Hudson and directed by Nick Grinde .
Veendum Kannur is a 2012 Malayalam political thriller film directed by Haridas , starring Anoop Menon in the lead role .
A Chilling Cosplay is a 2013 Chinese - Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Wang Guangli and starring Simon Yam , Vivian Hsu , Ying Er and Yuan Hong .
The Kiss in the Tunnel is a 1899 film British short silent comedy film , produced and directed by George Albert Smith , showing a couple sharing a brief kiss as their train passes through a tunnel , which is said to mark the beginnings of narrative editing .
Oh , Mabel Behave is a 1922 American silent comedy film starring Mabel Normand , Mack Sennett and Ford Sterling .
The Pope Must Die stars Robbie Coltrane as a low ranking priest who is mistakenly elected Pope , then has to avoid being assassinated by the Mafia .
Love and a .45 is a 1994 Bonnie and Clyde - esque road movie starring Gil Bellows and Renée Zellweger .
Usne Kaha Tha is a 1960 Bollywood drama film directed by Moni Bhattacharjee starring Sunil Dutt and Nanda in lead roles .
Marquis Preferred is a 1929 silent film comedy directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Adolphe Menjou .
All That Heaven Allows is a 1955 romance feature film starring Jane Wyman and Rock Hudson in a tale about a well - to - do widow and a younger landscape designer falling in love .
Leave It to Beaver is an American television situation comedy about an inquisitive and often naïve boy named Theodore `` The Beaver '' Cleaver ( portrayed by Jerry Mathers ) and his adventures at home , in school , and around his suburban neighborhood .
En sømand går i land is a 1954 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen , Jr. and starring Poul Reichhardt .
Gold Rush Maisie is a 1940 drama film , the third of ten films starring Ann Sothern as Maisie Ravier , a showgirl with a heart of gold .
Congo Maisie is a 1940 comedy - drama film directed by H. C. Potter and starring Ann Sothern for the second time in the ten film Maisie series as showgirl Maisie Ravier .
Return of the Gunfighter ( 1967 ) is a Western film , starring Robert Taylor and directed by James Neilson .
Jean Stapleton continued to play Archie 's wife Edith Bunker when Archie Bunker 's Place premiered .
Mr. Stitch is a 1995 science fiction film directed by Roger Avary and starring Rutger Hauer .
Laan mig din kone is a 1957 Danish comedy film directed by Preben Neergaard and Anker Sørensen and starring Gunnar Lauring .
The Lion 's Mouth Opens is a 2014 short documentary by Lucy Walker about Marianna Palka and her courage when she struggles with testing whether she has Huntington 's disease .
A Ballerina 's Tale is a 2015 documentary film revolving around the career of Misty Copeland , who serves as the narrator of the film as well as its subject .
Other People 's Sins is a 1931 British crime film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Horace Hodges , Stewart Rome and Anne Grey .
Let 's Try Again is a 1934 melodramatic film starring Clive Brook .
The Last Time I Saw Archie is a 1961 comedy film set in the waning days of World War II . Robert Mitchum stars as Arch Hall Sr . , a lazy , scheming American in an aviation school for pilots too old to fly aircraft but not too old to fly military gliders and liaison aircraft .
God on Trial is a 2008 BBC / WGBH Boston television play written by Frank Cottrell Boyce , starring Antony Sher , Rupert Graves and Jack Shepherd .
Padaharella Vayasu is a 1978 Telugu film starring Sridevi Kapoor , Chandra Mohan , and Mohan Babu .
Varavu Nalla Uravu ( Tamil : வரவு நல்ல உறவு ) is a 1990 Indian Tamil film , directed by Visu and produced by Rajam Balachandar .
Kottarathil Kutty Bhootham ( Malayalam : കൊട്ടാരത്തിൽ കുട്ടിഭൂതം ) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by debutant duo Kumar Nanda and Basheer , starring Mukesh and Jagadish in the lead roles .
No sos vos , soy yo ( international , English title : It 's Not You , It 's Me ) is a 2004 Argentine film directed by Juan Taratuto , starring Diego Peretti , Soledad Villamil and Cecilia Dopazo .
Man 's Castle is a 1933 Pre - Code film directed by Frank Borzage , and starring Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young .
Ustadi Ustad Se is a 1982 Hindi language Indian feature film directed by Mohan Geha , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Vinod Mehra , Ranjeeta and Jagdeep .
An indirect sequel , The Gentle Crackdown II ( 秀才愛上兵 ) was produced and broadcast in 2008 continued with only Wayne Lai , alongside Steven Ma , Yumiko Cheng , and Ha Yu .
Amrutham Gamaya is a 1987 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by T. Hariharan and produced by P. K. R. Pillai for Shirdhi Sai Creations , starring Mohanlal , Parvathy , Thilakan and Geetha .
Cu mâinile curate is a 1972 Romanian crime thriller film directed by and starring Sergiu Nicolaescu .
Silent Dust is a 1949 British drama / thriller film , directed by Lance Comfort and starring Sally Gray , Stephen Murray , Derek Farr and Nigel Patrick .
Daagdi Chaawl features an ensemble cast of Ankush Choudhary , Makarand Deshpande and Pooja Sawant in lead roles .
Sameer Dattani ( credited as Dhyan ) as Vikram Sharmila Mandre as Sajni Anant Nag as Ananth Murthy Avinash as Vikram 's father Bhavya as Ananth Murthy 's sister Amulya as Vikram 's sister Shivaram M. S. Umesh Master Anand Chaya Singh in a cameo appearance
Ohm Krüger ( English : Uncle Krüger ) is a 1941 German biographical film directed by Hans Steinhoff and starring Emil Jannings , Lucie Höflich and Werner Hinz .
Teri Payal Mere Geet is a Hindi movie produced by Prem Lalwani ; starring Govinda ( actor ) and Meenakshi Sheshadri .
Charlie Chan 's Greatest Case ( 1933 ) is an American pre - Code murder mystery film starring Warner Oland as the Oriental detective Charlie Chan .
He Said , She Said is a 1991 American romantic comedy directed by Ken Kwapis and Marisa Silver and starring Kevin Bacon , Elizabeth Perkins , Nathan Lane , Anthony LaPaglia and Sharon Stone .
The lead role of Sol Goode is played by Balthazar Getty ; other cast include Katharine Towne , Jamie Kennedy , Danny Comden , and Cheri Oteri .
Stand Up Guys is a 2012 American crime comedy film directed by Fisher Stevens and starring Al Pacino , Christopher Walken , and Alan Arkin .
Johnny Stool Pigeon is a 1949 black - and - white film noir directed by William Castle , and starring , Howard Duff , Shelley Winters and Dan Duryea .
Mr. Sardonicus is a 1961 horror film produced and directed by William Castle .
The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford is a 1915 American silent film serial featuring Oliver Hardy .
Incident at Midnight is a 1963 British crime film directed by Norman Harrison and starring Anton Diffring , William Sylvester and Justine Lord .
Free Agents is a romantic black comedy starring Stephen Mangan , Sharon Horgan and Anthony Head .
Guilty Hands is a 1931 American Pre - Code crime film starring Lionel Barrymore , Kay Francis and Madge Evans and directed by W. S. Van Dyke , with uncredited assistance from Barrymore .
Ayo Joy is a 2009 documentary film produced by the French company MK2 and directed by Raphaël Duroy about the singer Ayọ .
Male and Female is a 1919 American silent adventure / drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gloria Swanson and Thomas Meighan .
Bette Davis as Madame Sin Robert Wagner as Anthony Lawrence Denholm Elliott as Malcolm De Vere Gordon Jackson as Commander Cavendish Dudley Sutton as Monk Catherine Schell as Barbara Pik - Sen Lim as Nikko Paul Maxwell as Connors David Healy as Braden Alan Dobie as White
A Mother 's Story is a 2011 Filipino family Independent film about Medy ( Pokwang ) who became an illegal immigrant in the United States and her struggles as she achieves legal status .
Yarın Ağlayacağım is a 1986 Turkish drama film , directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Kadir İnanır , Yaprak Özdemiroğlu and Gül Erda .
The Crocodile Hunter is a wildlife documentary television series that was hosted by Steve Irwin and his wife , Terri .
Bachelor Mother ( 1939 ) is an American comedy film directed by Garson Kanin , and starring Ginger Rogers ( in a mostly non - dancing and non - singing role ) , David Niven , and Charles Coburn .
Héctor Pellegrini as Pajarito Gómez María Cristina Laurenz as Pajarito 's fiancée Nelly Beltrán as Rosalía Lautaro Murúa as Gravini Alberto Fernández de Rosa as Bobby Maurice Jouvet Beatriz Matar Jorge Rivera López Federico Luppi Marta Gam Alberto Barcel Francisco Urondo Hugo Dargo Zulema Katz Orlando Bor Fabiana Gavel
Doctor in Clover is a British comedy film released in 1966 , starring Leslie Phillips .
Andre Braugher was cast as a young detective assigned to Kojak 's command .
Single Room Furnished is a 1968 drama film featuring Jayne Mansfield in her final `` filmed '' starring role .
Teyzem is a 1986 Turkish drama film , directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Müjde Ar , Yasar Alptekin , and Mehmet Akan .
I Am That Change is a 2014 , Telugu short film directed by Sukumar and produced by actor Allu Arjun on Geetha Arts .
A Touch of Grey won Best Canadian Film at the 2010 Buffalo Niagara Film Festival , and lead Maria del Mar received a Canadian Comedy Award for her performance in the film .
The Inspector Wears Skirts ( 霸王花 ) is a 1988 Hong Kong martial arts - action comedy produced by Jackie Chan , directed by Wellson Chin Sing - Wai and starring Sibelle Hu , Ellen Chan and Sandra Ng .
Again Kasargod Khader Bhai is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Thulasidas , starring Jagadish , Radha Varma , Gautham Krishna and Innocent in the lead roles .
The Man Who Had Power Over Women is a 1970 British comedy film directed by John Krish and starring Rod Taylor , Carol White and James Booth .
Aaj Ka Arjun ( Hindi : आज का अर्जुन ) is a 1990 Hindi crime drama film , directed and produced by K.C. Bokadia and starring Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Prada .
Sally of the Sawdust ( 1925 ) is an American silent comedy film , directed by D. W. Griffith , starring W. C. Fields , and based on the 1923 stage musical Poppy .
Jailbreak in Hamburg is a 1971 German thriller film directed by Wolfgang Staudte and starring Horst Frank , Christiane Krüger and Heinz Reincke .
Rangi 's Catch is a 1973 British film for children set and shot in New Zealand , with one ( Rangi ) played by a young Temuera Morrison in his first role .
A Lass of the Lumberlands is a 1916 silent film serial directed by Paul Hurst and J. P. McGowan , and starring Helen Holmes .
Raaj Tilak is a 1984 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Rajkumar Kohli , starring Kamal Haasan , Raaj Kumar , Sunil Dutt , Dharmendra , Hema Malini , Ranjeeta Kaur , Reena Roy , Yogeeta bali , Sarika , Pran , Ranjeet , Raj Kiran and Ajit .
He 's in the Army Now ( original Turkish title : O Şimdi Asker ) is a 2003 Turkish film , directed by Mustafa Altıoklar on a screenplay co - written by him and Levent Kazak .
The New Adventures of Snow White ( German : Grimms Märchen von lüsternen Pärchen ) is a 1969 West German sex comedy film directed by Rolf Thiele and starring Marie Liljedahl , Eva Reuber - Staier and Ingrid van Bergen .
I Want to Destroy America is a documentary film by Peter I. Chang which traces the life of the Japanese musician Hisao Shinagawa through his early years as a folk singer in Tokyo to his current occupation as a street performer in Los Angeles .
The Unknown Man is a 1951 courtroom drama film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Walter Pidgeon , Ann Harding and Barry Sullivan .
A Society Scandal is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan , and starring Gloria Swanson and Rod La Rocque .
Lady with a Past is a 1932 American Pre - Code romantic comedy film starring Constance Bennett as a shy and very proper young lady who decides to invent a scandalous past for herself to spice up her life .
The Silver Whip is a 1953 Western film starring Rory Calhoun , Dale Robertson and Robert Wagner .
Such a Little Pirate is a lost 1918 silent film Pirate - adventure starring Lila Lee as a young sea going heroine and Theodore Roberts as her grandfather .
Shanghai Surprise is a 1986 British adventure comedy film starring then - newlyweds Sean Penn and Madonna , produced by George Harrison 's HandMade Films and distributed by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
Congratulations Miss Anitha Menon is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Thulasidas , starring Siddique and Saikumar in the lead roles .
Crashin ' Thru is a 1923 American Western film starring Harry Carey .
New Adventures of Get Rich Quick Wallingford is a 1931 American Pre - Code crime / romantic comedy film starring William Haines as a con artist and Jimmy Durante as his pickpocket buddy .
Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy ( also known as Mil Mascaras : Resurrection ) is a 2007 American lucha libre film starring the legendary Mexican wrestler and cult film star Mil Máscaras .
Three Loves Has Nancy ( 1938 ) is a romantic comedy film starring Janet Gaynor , Robert Montgomery and Franchot Tone .
Amorina ( aka Amor atormentado ) is a 1961 Argentine black and white romantic musical film directed by Hugo del Carril and written by César Tiempo .
Reuniting the Rubins is a 2010 film starring Timothy Spall , Rhona Mitra , and James Callis .
Demolition University is a 1997 direct - to - video action film starring Corey Haim and Ami Dolenz .
Richard Bakalyan and June Kenney co - starred in Hot Car Girl .
The Desperadoes is a 1943 Technicolor Western film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Randolph Scott , Claire Trevor and Glenn Ford .
Knock on Any Door is a 1949 American court - room trial film noir directed by Nicholas Ray and starring Humphrey Bogart .
Jackass Mail is a 1942 Western comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Wallace Beery and Marjorie Main .
Awaiting ( Hangul : 민우씨 오는날 ; RR : Minwussi Oneunnal ; lit . `` The Day Min - woo Arrives '' ) is a 2014 South Korean short film written and directed by Kang Je - gyu , starring Moon Chae - won and Go Soo .
An American Crime is a 2007 American crime - drama film starring Ellen Page and Catherine Keener .
California Split is a 1974 film directed by Robert Altman and starring Elliott Gould and George Segal as a pair of gamblers and was the first non - Cinerama film to use eight - track stereo sound .
Among Vultures ( German : Unter Geiern ) is a 1964 Western film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Stewart Granger , Pierre Brice , Elke Sommer and Götz George .
The Merry Gentleman is a 2008 drama film directed by Michael Keaton ( in his directorial debut ) , and starring Keaton and Kelly Macdonald .
During the show 's third and final season ( 1984 - -85 ) , Buddy Ebsen joined the cast as Matt Houston 's uncle , Roy Houston .
Android Apocalypse ( also known as Facing Extinction ) is a 2006 science fiction film starring Scott Bairstow and Joseph Lawrence .
Chotushkone ( Bengali : চতুষ্কোণ ; English : Quadrangle ) is an Indian Bengali drama - thriller film directed by Srijit Mukherji , starring Aparna Sen , Goutam Ghosh , Chiranjeet Chakraborty , Parambrata Chatterjee and Payel Sarkar . The film received positive reviews from critics .
Season in Cairo ( German : Saison in Kairo ) is a 1933 German musical comedy film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Renate Müller , Willy Fritsch and Gustav Waldau .
Tarzan and the Great River ( 1967 ) is an adventure film starring Mike Henry in his second of three film appearances as Tarzan .
Fishtales is a 2007 family comedy film directed by Alki David , and starring Billy Zane and Kelly Brook about a widowed father who falls in love with a mermaid .
Sua Eccellenza si fermò a mangiare is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ugo Tognazzi .
Obiettivo ragazze is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring the comic duo Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia .
The Ghost Goes West ( 1935 ) is a British romantic comedy / fantasy film starring Robert Donat , Jean Parker , and Eugene Pallette , and directed by René Clair , his first English - language film .
Friendly Enemies is a 1942 American drama film starring Charles Winninger , Charles Ruggles , James Craig , and Nancy Kelly .
Ithu Pathiramanal ( English : Sands of Night ) is a 2013 Malayalam action film directed by M. Padmakumar starring Unni Mukundan in the lead role with Jayasurya and Ramya Nambeeshan .
Ali Baba Goes to Town is a 1937 film starring Eddie Cantor , Tony Martin , and Roland Young .
Petrolheads is a BBC panel game presented by Neil Morrissey , with team captains Richard Hammond and Chris Barrie .
Le désordre et la nuit ( French for `` The disorder and the night '' ) is a 1958 French crime film directed by Gilles Grangier and starring Jean Gabin and Danielle Darrieux .
Tennessee Champ is a 1954 drama with strong Christian overtones starring Shelley Winters , Keenan Wynn , Dewey Martin , and Charles Bronson ( credited as Charles Buchinsky ) , and directed by Fred M. Wilcox .
Life 's Shop Window is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Claire Whitney and Stuart Holmes .
Tom Steele as the Masked Marvel ( and two Sakima thugs , both of whom are quickly killed ) Gayne Whitman as The Masked Marvel 's voice
The Third Alarm is a 1930 American Pre - Code action - adventure talking film directed by Emory Johnson and starring Anita Louise , James Hall and Jean Hersholt .
Raktharakshassu 3D is a 2014 Malayalam - language film by R Factor , starring Madhu , Sunny Wayne , Ananya and Niyas Mussliyar .
Belønningen ( English : The reward ) is a 1980 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Bjørn Lien , starring Rolf Søder and Joachim Calmeyer .
Dance with the Wind ( Korean : 바람의 전설 ; Baramui jeonseol ) is a 2004 South Korean film starring Lee Sung - jae and Park Sol - mi , and is the directorial debut of Park Jung - woo .
For Them That Trespass is a 1949 British crime film directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and starring Richard Todd , Patricia Plunkett and Stephen Murray .
The Resurrection of Broncho Billy is a 1970 live action short Western film , starring Johnny Crawford .
Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov was filmed in 1908 with actors from the troupe of Vvedensky Narodny Dom . Pyotr Chardynin , who later become one of the leading directors of the Russian Empire , debuted in the film as an actor .
The Brigand of Kandahar is a 1965 British adventure film directed by John Gilling and starring Ronald Lewis , Oliver Reed and Duncan Lamont .
Exile to Siberia ( Polish : Na Sybir ) is a Polish historical film directed by Henryk Szaro and starring Adam Brodzisz , Jadwiga Smosarska and Mieczysław Frenkiel .
Mabel Lost and Won is a 1915 American short comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Owen Moore .
Modati Cinema ( English : First Movie ) ( Telugu : మొదటి సినిమా ) is a 2005 Romantic Telugu film starring Navdeep and Poonam Bajwa .
On the Old Spanish Trail is a 1947 American Western film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers .
Bulldog Drummond Escapes is a 1937 American film directed by James P. Hogan starring Ray Milland as Capt . Hugh `` Bulldog '' Drummond .
22 Female Kottayam , also known as 22FK , is a 2012 Malayalam - language Indian thriller film directed by Aashiq Abu and starring Rima Kallingal and Fahadh Faasil in the lead roles .
Who Killed John Savage ? is a 1937 British mystery film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Nicholas Hannen , Barry MacKay , Kathleen Kelly , Henry Oscar and Edward Chapman .
The Hell with Heroes ( A Time for Heroes and Run Hero Run ) is a 1968 film directed by Joseph Sargent set in Africa immediately after World War II . The film stars Rod Taylor , Claudia Cardinale and Kevin McCarthy .
The Million Dollar Mystery is a 23-chapter film serial , released in 1914 , directed by Howell Hansel , and starring Florence La Badie and James Cruze .
Cold Heart is a 2001 thriller genre film starring Nastassja Kinski and Jeff Fahey .
Station Content is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Arthur Hoyt and starring Gloria Swanson .
Radhika Rajamani of Rediff.com called the film `` technically brilliant '' and wrote `` A reincarnation story is not often seen in Telugu cinema and SS Rajamouli uses this theme for Ram Charan Teja 's second film Magadheera .
Multiple Sarcasms is a 2010 American drama film starring Timothy Hutton , Mira Sorvino , Stockard Channing , Dana Delany , Chris Sarandon and Mario Van Peebles .
Ermo ( 二嫫 Èrmó ) - The main character , portrayed by Ai Liya ( 艾丽娅 ) Jerome Silbergeld , author of China Into Film :
Human Experiments is a women in prison film ( also known as Beyond The Gate and Women In Prison ) starring Linda Haynes , Geoffrey Lewis and Ellen Travolta .
Surrender of General Toral is an 1898 film which featured appearances by military leaders Joseph Wheeler and William Rufus Shafter .
Zärtliche Haie ( French : Tendres requins ) is a 1967 German - French comedy film directed by Michel Deville and starring Anna Karina .
Edith 's Shopping Bag ( 1976 ) is an American short documentary video about the opening of Edith Massey 's thrift store in Baltimore .
Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona ( Bengali : রঞ্জনা আমি আর আসবনা , English : Ranjana , I will not come back again ) is a 2011 Bengali language Indian rock musical drama film by Anjan Dutt .
Guns of Hate is a 1948 Western film directed by Lesley Selander featuring RKO 's Western stars Tim Holt and Richard Martin .
The Wallop is a 1921 American western film directed by John Ford and starring Harry Carey .
A Far Off Place is a 1993 adventure drama film based on Laurens van der Post 's works , A Far - Off Place ( 1974 ) and its prequel A Story Like the Wind ( 1972 ) , and stars Reese Witherspoon , Ethan Randall , Jack Thompson and Maximilian Schell .
Atithee is a 1978 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Aravind Sen. The film stars Shashi Kapoor .
Janji Joni ( English : Joni 's Promise ) is a 2005 Indonesian romantic comedy film directed by Joko Anwar , starring Nicholas Saputra , Mariana Renata , and Rachel Maryam .
Cherry Falls is a 2000 American slasher film and satire directed by Geoffrey Wright , and starring Brittany Murphy , Jay Mohr , and Michael Biehn .
The Trial of Donald Westhof ( German : Der Kampf des Donald Westhof ) is a 1927 German silent crime film directed by Fritz Wendhausen and starring Oskar Homolka , Karin Evans and Imre Ráday .
Take the High Ground ! is a film about the Korean War , starring Richard Widmark and Karl Malden as drill instructors who must transform a batch of everyday civilians into soldiers .
Spare a Copper is a 1940 British , black - and - white , musical comedy war film , directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring George Formby , Dorothy Hyson and Bernard Lee .
A Golden Christmas is a 2009 Christmas romance movie starring Andrea Roth and Nicholas Brendon .
Desk Set ( released as His Other Woman in the UK ) is a 1957 American romantic comedy film directed by Walter Lang and starring Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn .
The Sins of Rachel Cade is a 1961 drama film starring Angie Dickinson in the title role as well as Peter Finch and Roger Moore .
Two Missionaries ( Italian : Porgi l'altra guancia ) is a 1974 Italian action comedy starring the comedy team of Bud Spencer and Terence Hill .
Piñero is a 2001 biopic about the troubled life of Nuyorican poet and playwright Miguel Piñero , starring Benjamin Bratt as the titular character .
These Wilder Years is a 1956 drama film directed by Roy Rowland , and starring James Cagney and Barbara Stanwyck .
A Boy , a Girl and a Bike is a 1949 British romantic comedy film directed by Ralph Smart and starring John McCallum , Honor Blackman and Patrick Holt .
Man Against Crime ( also known as Follow That Man ) starring Ralph Bellamy , one of the first television programs about private eyes , ran on CBS , the DuMont Television Network and NBC from October 7 , 1949 to June 27 , 1954 .
Hiver 54 , l'abbé Pierre is a 1989 French film , written by Marie Devort and Denis Amar , and starring Lambert Wilson and Claudia Cardinale .
Sorority Row is a 2009 American slasher film directed by Stewart Hendler and starring Briana Evigan , Leah Pipes , Rumer Willis , and Carrie Fisher .
Ek Misaal is a 1986 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Rajesh Verma for producer Vibha Bhatnagar , starring Kanwaljit Singh and Kiran Juneja .
Win a Date with Tad Hamilton ! is a 2004 romantic comedy film directed by Robert Luketic and starring Josh Duhamel , Topher Grace , and Kate Bosworth .
Smallville , which ended its tenth and final season on May 13 , 2011 , follows Clark Kent ( Tom Welling ) in the fictional town of Smallville , Kansas , before he becomes known as Superman .
A Lion Is in the Streets is a 1953 drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring James Cagney as a southern politician loosely based on Huey Long .
The movie gains pace with two corrupt police - men ( played by Om Puri and Naseeruddin Shah ) predicting that Maqbool would soon take over the reins of the Mumbai Underworld from Abba Ji .
Silent Raiders is a 1954 low budget American war film directed , starring and co - produced by Richard Bartlett .
Awaargi is a 1990 Bollywood drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt starring Anil Kapoor , Meenakshi Sheshadri and Govinda .
Hariharan Pillai Happy Aanu ( English translation : Hariharan Pillai is happy ) is a 2003 Malayalam film by Viswanath starring Mohanlal and Jyothirmayi .
Roadflower ( also known as Road Flower or The Road Killers ) is a 1994 American suspense thriller starring Christopher Lambert , Joseph Gordon - Levitt , David Arquette , Josh Brolin , Christopher McDonald , John Pyper - Ferguson and Adrienne Shelly .
Road to Victory is a 1944 short film notable for the appearance of Bing Crosby , a major singing and movie star , Cary Grant , a major actor in motion pictures , and Frank Sinatra , a young singer who would soon become a movie star himself .
Our Man in Marrakesh ( released in North America as Bang ! Bang ! You 're Dead ! ) is a 1966 British comedy spy film directed by Don Sharp and starring Tony Randall , Herbert Lom and Senta Berger .
Ulzana 's Raid is a 1972 revisionist Western starring Burt Lancaster , Richard Jaeckel , Bruce Davison and Joaquin Martinez .
Riot in Cell Block 11 is a 1954 drama film noir directed by Don Siegel and starring Neville Brand , Emile Meyer , Frank Faylen and Leo Gordon .
Through Fire and Water is a 1923 British silent adventure film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Clive Brook , Flora le Breton and Lawford Davidson .
Crazy / Beautiful ( stylized as crazy / beautiful ) is a 2001 romantic drama film starring Kirsten Dunst and Jay Hernandez .
Myriad of Lights , also translated as Lights of Ten Thousand Homes , is a 1948 Chinese film directed by Shen Fu and starring Shangguan Yunzhu , Wu Yin and Lan Ma .
The Aryan ( 1916 ) is an American silent era western motion picture starring William S. Hart , Gertrude Claire , Charles K. French , Louise Glaum , and Bessie Love .
Kadhayile Nayika ( Malayalam : കഥയിലെ നായിക ) is a Malayalam film directed by Dileep , featuring Urvashi , Roma , Suraj Venjaramoodu and Kalabhavan Prajodh in the lead roles .
Monkey Kingdom is a 2015 American nature documentary film directed by Mark Linfield and Alastair Fothergill and narrated by Tina Fey .
Z Storm ( Chinese : Z風暴 ) , is a 2014 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by David Lam starring Louis Koo , Gordon Lam and Dada Chan .
The Liberated Earth ( Russian : Osvobozhdyonnaya zemlya ) is a 1946 Soviet war drama film directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin and starring Vera Altayskaya , Aleksandr Khvylya and Emma Tsesarskaya .
Mangti ( Punjabi : ਮੰਗਤੀ ) is a 1942 Punjabi film starring Masood Pervez as a hero with Mumtaz Shanti and others .
She 's No Lady is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Ann Dvorak , John Trent and Harry Beresford .
How to Frame a Figg is a 1971 Universal comedy about a bungling bookkeeper 's assistant , Hollis Alexander Figg ( played by Don Knotts ) in the Dalton city hall , who finds himself framed for embezzlement .
The Wiser Sex is a 1932 American Pre - Code crime drama film made by Paramount Pictures , directed by Berthold Viertel and Victor Viertel , and starring Claudette Colbert , Melvyn Douglas , Lilyan Tashman , William `` Stage '' Boyd and Ross Alexander .
The Invisible Army ( Danish : Den usynlige hær ) is a 1945 Danish war film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Bodil Kjer .
Saaku Magalu ( Kannada : ಸಾಕು ಮಗಳು ) is a 1963 Kannada language romantic drama film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu and starring Rajkumar and Sowcar Janaki in the lead roles .
The Melody of Murder , ( Original Title : Mordets Melodi ) , is a 1944 Danish film noir directed by Bodil Ipsen and starring Gull - Maj Norin and Poul Reichhardt .
Feud of the West is a 1936 American western film directed by Harry L. Fraser and starring Hoot Gibson , Buzz Barton and Bob Kortman .
Ee Parakkum Thalika is a 2001 Malayalam comedy film starring Dileep , Nithya Das and Harisree Asokan .
Kidnapped in New York is a 1914 film starring Barney Gilmore .
Chelsea Girls is a 1966 experimental underground film directed by Andy Warhol and Paul Morrissey .
Love Trilogy ( Chinese : 30分鐘戀要 ; pinyin : 30 Fen Zhong Lian Yao ) is a 2004 Hong Kong - Chinese film starring Francis Ng , Anita Yuen , Ruby Lin , Michael Chow , Lu Yi and Han Xiao .
Rave Un2 the Year 2000 is a 2000 direct to video film of Prince in concert .
The Boatniks is a 1970 American comedy film starring Robert Morse , Stefanie Powers , Don Ameche and Phil Silvers .
Ahankaar is a 1995 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Ashim Samanta , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Mamta Kulkarni , Mohnish Bahl , Prem Chopra and Gulshan Grover
Hollywood Beat is a mid-1980s American television police drama starring Jack Scalia , Jay Acovone , Edward Winter and John Matuszak .
I piaceri dello scapolo is a 1960 Italian film , directed by Giulio Petroni , starring Sylvia Koscina and Mario Carotenuto .
Knockaround Guys is a 2001 comedy crime - drama film starring Barry Pepper , Vin Diesel , Seth Green , John Malkovich and Dennis Hopper .
Errors of the Human Body is a 2012 psychological thriller directed by Eron Sheean and starring Michael Eklund .
8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter ( also known as 8 Simple Rules for the third and final season ) is an American sitcom , originally starring John Ritter and Katey Sagal .
Adventures of Casanova is a 1948 American - Mexican historical adventure film directed by Roberto Gavaldón and starring Arturo de Córdova Lucille Bremer and Turhan Bey .
Valérie is a 1969 black - and - white Quebec film starring Danielle Ouimet , who plays Valérie , and Guy Godin .
I See Ice is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring George Formby , Kay Walsh and Betty Stockfeld .
A Private Function is a 1984 British comedy film starring Michael Palin and Maggie Smith .
Baby Doll is a 1956 American black comedy and drama film directed by Elia Kazan , and starring Carroll Baker , Karl Malden and Eli Wallach .
Calamity Anne 's Beauty is a 1913 American silent short Western comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Louise Lester as Calamity Anne .
The Only Woman is a 1924 American silent film produced by Joseph Schenck for Norma Talmadge Productions and distributed by First National .
Rakshasa Rajavu ( Malayalam : രാക്ഷസരാജാവ് ) is a 2001 Malayalam film co - written and directed by Vinayan and starring Mammootty in the title role .
Those Were the Days ! is a 1940 film comedy starring William Holden and Bonita Granville .
Broadchurch series one focused on the search for the boy 's murderer by detectives Alec Hardy ( played by David Tennant ) and Ellie Miller ( played by Olivia Colman ) .
Warning to Wantons is a 1949 British romantic comedy film directed by Donald B. Wilson and starring Harold Warrender , Anne Vernon and David Tomlinson .
The Passion of Marie is a 2012 Danish film directed by Bille August , starring Birgitte Hjort Sørensen and Søren Sætter - Lassen .
The Gypsy Chief ( German : Der Zigeunerprimas ) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Carl Wilhelm and starring Paul Heidemann , Margarete Schlegel and Fritz Schulz .
The Linguini Incident is a 1991 American comedic film set in New York starring David Bowie and Rosanna Arquette .
The Corruptor is a 1999 American action thriller film directed by James Foley , starring Chow Yun - fat and Mark Wahlberg .
Merrily We Go to Hell is a 1932 Pre - Code film starring Academy Award winning actor Fredric March and Sylvia Sidney .
Nadakame Ulakam ( Malayalam : നാടകമേ ഉലകം ) is a 2011 Malayalam - language comedy film directed by Viji Thampi and starring Mukesh , Vinu Mohan , Sarayu , and Saranya Mohan in the lead roles .
Painted Angels ( 1997 ) ( US : The Wicked Wicked West ) is a film by Jon Sanders starring Brenda Fricker , Kelly McGillis , Meret Becker , Bronagh Gallagher , Lisa Jakub and Anna Mottram .
Do Detectives Think ? is a silent comedy short film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy prior to their official billing as the duo Laurel and Hardy .
L'Amour , Madame ( English : Love , Madame ) is a French comedy film from 1952 , directed by Gilles Grangier , written by Félix Gandéra , starring Arletty and Jean Marais .
Paappi Appacha ( Malayalam : പാപ്പീ അപ്പച്ചാ ) is a 2010 Malayalam comedy film starring Dileep , Innocent , and Kavya Madhavan .
Blood and Donuts is a 1995 Canadian horror comedy film directed by Holly Dale , written by Andrew Rai Berzins , and starring Gordon Currie and Helene Clarkson .
Men of the Fighting Lady ( also known as Panther Squadron ) is a 1954 Korean War drama film starring Van Johnson , Walter Pidgeon , Keenan Wynn , and directed by Andrew Marton .
Creepshow 2 was followed by an unofficial sequel in 2006 - -which had no involvement from Stephen King or George Romero -- titled Creepshow III . Creepshow make - up artist and Creepshow 2 actor , Tom Savini , stated that he considers Tales from the Darkside :
Peach O'Reno is a 1931 pre - Production Code comedy film starring Bert Wheeler , Robert Woolsey , Dorothy Lee , and Zelma O'Neal .
The World Gone Mad ( also released as The Public Be Hanged ) is a 1933 American Pre - Code crime film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Pat O'Brien , Evelyn Brent and Neil Hamilton .
Luke 's Fireworks Fizzle is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd .
The Ideal City ( Italian : La città ideale ) is a 2012 Italian thriller drama film , written and directed by Luigi Lo Cascio .
Albert R.N. is a 1953 British war film directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Anthony Steel .
Men in War is a 1957 war film about the Korean War directed by Anthony Mann and starring Robert Ryan and Aldo Ray as the leaders of a small detachment of American soldiers cut off and desperately trying to rejoin their division .
Catherine Frot - Odette Toulemonde Albert Dupontel - Balthazar Balsan Jacques Weber - Olaf Pims Fabrice Murgia - Rudy Nina Drecq - Sue Ellen Camille Japy - Nadine
Together We Stand is about a married couple , David ( Elliott Gould ) and Lori Randall ( Dee Wallace ) , and their array of adopted children from all walks of life .
Wyatt Cenac had a tumultuous tenure on the show , revealing in a July 2015 interview on WTF with Marc Maron , that his departure from The Daily Show stemmed in part from a heated argument he had with Jon Stewart over a June 2011 Daily Show bit about Republican Presidential candidate Herman Cain .
A Heart of Gold is a 1915 American silent romantic drama short film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Harry von Meter , Reaves Eason , Louise Lester , Jack Richardson , and Vivian Rich .
Not Quite a Lady is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Mabel Poulton , Janet Alexander and Barbara Gott .
Loving Lies is a 1924 silent American drama film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Evelyn Brent .
Love Clinic ( Hangul : 연애의 맛 ; RR : Yeonae - ui Mat ; lit . `` The Taste of Love '' ) is a 2015 South Korean romantic comedy film directed by Aaron Kim , starring Oh Ji - ho and Kang Ye - won .
The Baxter is a 2005 film written by , directed by and starring American comedian Michael Showalter .
El Siete Machos is a 1951 Mexican western comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado , and starring Cantinflas , Alma Rosa Aguirre , and Miguel Ángel Ferriz .
All About Loving ( French : De l'amour ) is a 1964 French comedy film directed by Jean Aurel and starring Anna Karina .
Hosa Prema Purana is a 2012 Kannada romance film starring newcomer Nitin Gowda , Shraddha Das and Radhika Gandhi in the lead roles .
The Red Beret ( aka The Red Devils , The Big Jump and retitled Paratrooper for the US release ) is a 1953 Technicolor British war film directed by Terence Young and starring Alan Ladd , Leo Genn and Susan Stephen .
Lost in the Pacific ( simplified Chinese : 蒸发太平洋 ; traditional Chinese : 蒸發太平洋 ; pinyin : Zhēngfā Tàipíng Yáng ) is a 2016 Chinese action film starring Brandon Routh and Zhang Yuqi .
Lady Whirlwind a.k.a . Deep Thrust ( Chinese : 鐵掌旋風腿 ) is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Huang Feng , starring Angela Mao .
The Sorcerers is a 1967 British science fiction / horror film directed by Michael Reeves , starring Boris Karloff , Catherine Lacey , Ian Ogilvy , and Susan George .
Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam is a 2009 romantic comedy family drama Telugu film directed by debutante Kishore Kumar Pardasani ( Dolly ) , starring Siddharth and Tamannaah with Prakash Raj , Ramya Krishna , Brahmanandam in supporting roles , whilst the music was scored by critically acclaimed trio Shankar - Ehsaan - Loy .
The Unsuspected is a 1947 American black - and - white film noir directed by Michael Curtiz , and starring Claude Rains , Audrey Totter , Ted North , Constance Bennett , and Joan Caulfield .
My Tehran for Sale ( Persian : تهران من، حراج ) , is a 2009 Australian - Iranian feature film written and directed by avant - garde poet turned filmmaker Granaz Moussavi , produced by Cyanfilms and starring Marzieh Vafamehr , Amir Chegini and Asha Mehrabi .
The Attic Expeditions ( also known as Horror in the Attic ) is a 2001 horror film starring Andras Jones and Seth Green , with appearances by Alice Cooper and Ted Raimi .
Cordelia the Magnificent is a 1923 American silent mystery film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Clara Kimball Young .
Triple Justice is a 1940 film directed by David Howard and starring George O'Brien , Virginia Vale and Peggy Shannon .
Kill Her Gently is a 1957 British thriller film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Griffith Jones , Maureen Connell and Marc Lawrence .
Dr. Jekyll y el Hombre Lobo ( Dr. Jekyll and the Wolfman ) , also known as Dr. Jekyll and the Werewolf , is a 1971 Spanish horror film , the sixth in the series , about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky , played by Paul Naschy .
Dance Flick is a 2009 American parody comedy movie directed by Damien Dante Wayans , written by many of the Wayans Family , and starring Shoshana Bush and Damon Wayans , Jr ..
Mara of the Wilderness is a 1965 adventure film directed by Frank McDonald , produced by former Disney animator Brice Mack with his studio Unicorn Films , and starring Adam West , Lori Saunders , and Theodore Marcuse .
Jaana Pehchana ( English : Well - known ) , is a 2011 Indian film directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar and produced by Rajshri Productions .
Set during the Qing Dynasty of China in the mid 18th century , Man in Charge tells the story of an official adviser , Chau Bing ( Kenneth Ma ) , and his relationship with the young county official , Shum Kwan - Pok ( Matthew Ko ) .
Electrick Children is a 2012 film produced by Jessica Caldwell , Richard Neustadter and Live Wire Films , distributed by Phase 4 Films , written and directed by Rebecca Thomas and starring Julia Garner and Rory Culkin .
Fate 's Decree is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood , Richard Cummings , Fred Hamer , Justin MacDonald , and Billie West .
The Secret Life of Zoey is a 2002 Lifetime TV drama starring Mia Farrow , Julia Whelan , and Cliff De Young .
Kisses for Breakfast is a 1941 screwball comedy directed by Lewis Seiler , starring Dennis Morgan , Jane Wyatt and Shirley Ross .
Trap for the Assassin ( French : Roger la Honte , Italian : Trappola per l'assassino ) is a 1966 French - Italian historical drama film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Georges Géret , Irene Papas and Jean - Pierre Marielle .
Gopalapuranam is a 2008 Malayalam film by K. K. Haridas starring Mukesh and Ramana .
The Constant Husband is a 1955 British comedy film , directed by Sidney Gilliat and starring Rex Harrison , Margaret Leighton , Kay Kendall , Cecil Parker , George Cole and Raymond Huntley .
Anak ni Palaris ( Child of Palaris ) is a 1955 action film directed by Mario Barri , starring Fernando Poe .
Remember the Night is a 1940 American romantic comedy , Christmas film , and trial film directed by Mitchell Leisen , and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Fred MacMurray .
Freak Talks About Sex , released for home video as Blowin ' Smoke ( its working title was Syracuse Muse ) , is a 1999 film starring Steve Zahn and Josh Hamilton .
The Extraordinary Seaman is a 1969 American comedy war film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring David Niven , Faye Dunaway , Alan Alda , Mickey Rooney , and Jack Carter .
The False Faces is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Irvin Willat from the novel by Louis Joseph Vance and starring Henry B. Walthall as Michael Lanyard , the `` Lone Wolf , '' and Lon Chaney as the villain .
Trial on the Road ( Russian : Проверка на дорогах , translit . Proverka na Dorogakh ) is a 1971 Soviet film set in World War II , directed by Aleksey German , starring Rolan Bykov , Anatoly Solonitsyn and Vladimir Zamansky .
The Wrong Arm of the Law is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Cliff Owen and starring Peter Sellers , Bernard Cribbins , Lionel Jeffries , John Le Mesurier and Bill Kerr .
Two in a Big City ( German : Zwei in einer großen Stadt ) is a 1942 German romantic comedy film directed by Volker von Collande and starring Claude Farell , Karl John and Marianne Simson .
Samooham ( English : Society ) is a 1993 Malayalam drama film directed by Sathyan Anthikad with Suhasini , Suresh Gopi , Sunitha in the lead roles .
Her Decision is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Jack Conway and starring Gloria Swanson .
Wolf Tracks is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and featuring Hoot Gibson .
The Howards of Virginia live through the American Revolutionary War , with Cary Grant starring as Matt Howard , Martha Scott starring as his wife Jane Peyton Howard , and Alan Marshal and Sir Cedric Hardwicke starring as Jane 's brothers Roger and Fleetwood Peyton .
Clear the Ring , French title Au revoir M. Grock ( English : Farewell Mr Grock ) , is a French comedy drama film from 1950 , directed by Pierre Billon , written by Christian - Falaize , and starring Grock and Louis de Funès .
A Tender - Hearted Crook is a 1913 American drama film featuring Harry Carey .
Kolilakkam ( English : Shockwave ) is a 1981 Malayalam film directed by P.N.Sundaram , and starring Jayan .
La nave de los monstruos ( English : The Ship of the Monsters ) is a 1960 Mexican comic science fiction film directed by Rogelio A. González and starring Eulalio González , Ana Bertha Lepe and Lorena Velázquez .
Like the director 's debut film , The Foul King also stars Song Kang - ho , this time as an incompetent bank clerk who takes up a career in professional wrestling , adopting the moniker `` The Foul King '' in the ring .
95 Miles to Go is a 2004 comedy film which documents Ray Romano 's stand - up comedy tour of the South .
Terror in the Mall is a 1998 television movie directed by Norberto Barba and starring Rob Estes , Shannon Sturges , David Soul , Kai Wiesinger and Angeline Ball .
Carry On Loving featured Imogen Hassall in her only Carry on role .
Eshref Durmishi as Eduart André Hennicke as Christoph Ndriçim Xhepa as Raman Ermela Teli as Natasha Adrian Aziri as Elton Gazmend Gjokaj as Pedro Manos Vakousis as Giorgos Harisis Edi Mehana as Ali
Beauty No . 2 is a 1965 American avant - garde film by directed by Andy Warhol and starring Edie Sedgwick and Gino Piserchio .
Timeless Romance is a 1998 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jeffrey Lau and David Lai , starring Tony Leung Chiu - wai .
My Boss 's Daughter is a 2003 romantic comedy film starring Ashton Kutcher , Tara Reid and Terence Stamp .
Almost Angels ( also known in the UK as Born to Sing and in Austria and Germany as Ein Gruss aus Wien ) is a 1962 Walt Disney Productions film about a group of boys in the Vienna Boys ' Choir .
Art & Copy is a 2009 documentary film , directed by Doug Pray , about the advertising industry in the U.S. The film follows the careers of advertisers , including Hal Riney , George Lois , Mary Wells Lawrence , Dan Wieden , and Lee Clow .
Nenu Meeku Telusa ... ? ( Do you know me ... ? ) is a 2008 Telugu psychological thriller film movie starring Manoj Manchu , Sneha Ullal and Riya Sen in lead roles .
Cage of Evil is a low budget 1960 black and white crime film starring Ron Foster and Pat Blair .
This Divided State is a documentary by first - time filmmaker Steven Greenstreet that details the conflict that erupted at Utah Valley State College , now called Utah Valley University , when controversial figure Michael Moore was scheduled to come speak on campus shortly before the 2004 presidential election .
Judge Wapner 's Animal Court is a nontraditional / arbitration - based reality court show in which Judge Joseph Wapner ( more known as the original judge on The People 's Court ) and his bailiff Rusty Burrell ( also a People 's Court carryover ) preside over real cases involving or about animals .
Thoongadhey Thambi Thoongadhey is a 1983 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by SP . Muthuraman , starring Kamal Haasan in double role , supported by Radha and Sulakshana .
The Hellcat is a 1928 British silent romance film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Mabel Poulton , Eric Bransby Williams and John F. Hamilton .
Jade Goddess of Mercy or Goddess of Mercy ( Chinese : 玉觀音 ; pinyin : Yù Guān Yīn ) is a 2003 film directed by Ann Hui , starring Zhao Wei and Nicholas Tse .
They Never Come Back is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and starring Regis Toomey and Dorothy Sebastian .
Cro ( voiced by Max Casella ) - Cro was a fully evolved 11-year - old Cro - Magnon boy .
Oru Mukham Pala Mukham ( Malayalam : ഒരു മുഖം പല മുഖം ) is a 1983 Malayalam action film starring Ratheesh , Srividya , Mohanlal , and Mammootty .
Give Us Our Skeletons ! ( Antakaa Meille Luurankomme in Finnish , Oaivveskaldjut in North Sami ) is a 1999 documentary film directed by Paul - Anders Simma about Niillas Somby , a Sami man who retraces his family ancestry as he searches for the head of his ancestor , Mons Somby .
The Tiger 's Trail is a 1919 American adventure film serial starring Ruth Roland , directed by Robert Ellis , Louis J. Gasnier and Paul Hurst .
Anthuleni Katha also spelled as Antuleni Katha ( English : Never Ending Story ) is a 1976 Telugu film directed by K. Balachander starring Jayaprada in the lead role , with Rajinikanth , Sripriya and Phataphat Jayalaxmi in supporting roles .
Soul - Fire is a 1925 silent drama starring Richard Barthelmess and Bessie Love ; directed by John S. Robertson ; and is based on the Broadway production Great Music ( 1924 ) by Martin Brown .
Fakta Ladh Mhana is a 2011 multistarrer Marathi action film with lead roles by Aniket Vishwasrao , Siddharth Jadhav , Sanjay Narvekar , Santosh Juvekar , Bharat Jadhav , Mahesh Manjrekar , Sachin Khedekar and Vaibhav Mangle .
Death Toll is a 2008 action film starring DMX , Lou Diamond Phillips , Alec Rayme , Leila Arcieri and Keshia Knight Pulliam , written and produced by Daniel Garcia and directed by Phenomenon .
Black Box Affair ( Italian : Black Box Affair - Il mondo trema , Spanish : Amenaza black box ) is a 1966 Italian - Spanish Eurospy film written and directed by Marcello Ciorciolini and starring Craig Hill ( at his only spy film ) and Teresa Gimpera .
King and the Clown ( Hangul : 왕의 남자 ; hanja : 王의 男子 ; RR : Wang - ui Namja , lit . The King 's Man ) is a 2005 South Korean historical drama film , starring Kam Woo - sung , Jung Jin - young and Lee Joon - gi .
Inspector Chan aka Inspector Smart ( played by Eric Tsang ) Inspector Chan was the one who recruited the Gen - X Cops .
Island Son marked the return to regular weekly series television of Richard Chamberlain , who had not so appeared since his Dr. Kildare series almost 25 years earlier .
Realizing that he can not properly care for the baby on his own , Tsotsi spots Miriam ( Terry Pheto ) , with a young child strapped to her back , collecting water from a public tap .
Her Bodyguard is a 1933 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Edmund Lowe , Wynne Gibson and Edward Arnold .
Target for Today is a documentary film describing the preparation and mounting of a United States Army Air Forces raid on East Prussia It contains much combat footage of B-17 and B-24 bombers and named for the phrase used at briefings before air raids .
Premier rendez - vous ( US title : Her First Affair ) is a 1941 French comedy film starring Danielle Darrieux .
Music for Steamboat Willie was arranged by Wilfred Jackson and Bert Lewis , and included the songs `` Steamboat Bill , '' a composition popularized by baritone Arthur Collins during the 1910s , and `` Turkey in the Straw '' , a composition popularized within minstrelsy during the 19th century .
Larry O'Neill is a 1915 short silent American drama film directed by Clem Easton and starring William Garwood and Violet Mersereau .
Athena Chu , who starred in A Chinese Odyssey , makes a guest appearance in Just Another Pandora 's Box .
Hold That Kiss ( 1938 ) is a romantic comedy film starring Maureen O'Sullivan and Dennis O'Keefe .
Shake Hands with Murder is a 1944 American comedy mystery film directed by Albert Herman and starring Iris Adrian , Frank Jenks and Douglas Fowley .
Vellivelichathil is a 2014 Indian Malayalam movie , directed by National Award winning director , Madhu Kaithapram , starring media personality and Kairali TV Channel Managing Director John Brittas and Iniya in the leading roles .
Avane Nanna Ganda ( Kannada : ಅವನೇ ನನ್ನ ಗಂಡ ) is a 1989 Kannada film starring Kashinath and Sudharani in the lead roles .
Weekend at Bernie 's is a 1989 American black comedy film written by Robert Klane and directed by Ted Kotcheff .
It 's You I Want is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Seymour Hicks , Marie Lohr and Hugh Wakefield .
Per Christensen - Tonny Wenche Foss - Tonnys mor Liv Ullmann - Kari Joachim Calmeyer - Rørleggeren Rolf Daleng - Alfred Finn Kvalem - Rødtopp Ola B. Johannessen - Politimann Henny Skjønberg - Dame med parasoll Helga Backe Finn Bernhoft Erik Melbye Brekke Synnøve Gleditsch Rolf Nannestad Alfred Solaas
The film introduces Coffy 's police friend Carter ( William Elliott ) , who used to date Coffy in their younger years .
Sing Your Way Home is a 1945 musical film directed by Anthony Mann and featuring Jack Haley and Marcy McGuire .
As with most FBO films of the mid-1920s starring Evelyn Brent , Silk Stocking Sal is a lost film .
I Was Nineteen ( German : Ich war neunzehn ) is a DEFA production that tells the story of a young German , Gregor Hecker ( Jaecki Schwarz ) , who fled the Nazis with his parents to Moscow and now , in early 1945 , returns to Germany as a lieutenant in the Red Army .
Black Memory is a 1947 British crime film starring Michael Atkinson , Myra O'Connell and Michael Medwin and directed by Oswald Mitchell .
Embrace Your Shadow ( Chinese : 摯愛 ; Jyutping : Dzi oi ) is a 2005 Hong Kong romance drama starring Fiona Sit , Dylan Kuo , Cheung Kwok - Keung , Chung Ching - Yu and Samuel Pang .
Hatari ! ( pronounced ( hɑtɑri ) , Swahili for `` Danger ! '' ) is a 1962 American action / adventure romantic drama film directed by Howard Hawks and starring John Wayne .
Jolly Boy is an Indian Kannada - language romantic drama film written and directed by Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy , which stars Diganth and Rekha Vedavyas in the lead roles , along with Devaraj , Tara and Sudha Rani .
Welcome to Sajjanpur is a 2008 Hindi comedy film directed by Shyam Benegal and starring Shreyas Talpade and Amrita Rao in the lead roles .
Exit Wounds is a 2001 American action film directed by Andrzej Bartkowiak , and starring Steven Seagal and DMX .
Davy Crockett , King of the Wild Frontier is a 1955 live - action Walt Disney adventure film starring Fess Parker as Davy Crockett .
3 Nuts in Search of a Bolt is a 1964 comedy film starring Mamie Van Doren and Tommy Noonan , who also directed and co - wrote the film .
Dreams with Sharp Teeth is a 2008 biographical documentary film about writer Harlan Ellison .
The Crisis is Over ( French : La crise est finie ) is a 1934 French musical comedy film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Albert Prejean , Danielle Darrieux and Marcel Carpentier .
Ankush is a 1986 Hindi movie starring Nana Patekar , which was written , directed , edited and co - produced by N. Chandra .
The Biggest Fan is a film featuring the band Dream Street ( Chris Trousdale , Jesse McCartney , Matt Ballinger , Frankie J. Galasso and Greg Raposo ) .
Thiramala ( Malayalam : തിരമാല ) is a 1953 Malayalam film directed by Vimal Kumar and P.R.S. Pillai , starring Sathyan , Kumari Thankam and Thomas Burleigh .
Manny & Lo is a 1996 comedy - drama film directed by Lisa Krueger , starring Scarlett Johansson , Aleksa Palladino , and Mary Kay Place .
Sirivantha is a 2006 Indian Kannada film starring Vishnuvardhan .
The Last Horse ( Spanish : El último caballo ) is a 1950 Spanish comedy film directed by Edgar Neville starring Fernando Fernán Gómez .
Channa Sachi Muchi revolves around a girl named Pooja ( Saima ) who is Hindu and a Muslim boy named Bao ( Moammar Rana ) .
However , by the time Make Mine Music was released Clair de Lune was replaced by the new song Blue Bayou , performed by the Ken Darby Singers .
Aik Aur Love Story ( Urdu : ایک اور لو سٹوری English : One More Love Story ) is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by pop singer Sajjad Ali .
Nati stanchi ( a.k.a . Born Tired ) is an 2002 Italian comedy film co - written by and starring the comic duo Ficarra and Picone .
Written By ( simplified Chinese : 再生号 ; traditional Chinese : 再生號 ) is a 2009 Hong Kong fantasy drama film co - written , produced , and directed by Wai Ka - Fai , and starring Lau Ching - Wan and Kelly Lin .
Der Schinderhannes is a 1958 film directed by Helmut Käutner , starring Curd Jürgens and Maria Schell .
Los astronautas ( English : The Astronauts ) is a 1964 Mexican comic science fiction film directed by Miguel Zacarías and starring the double act Viruta y Capulina , performed by Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine .
New Town Killers follows two business men , portrayed by Dougray Scott and Alastair Mackenzie , who play macabre cat and mouse games with people from the fringes of society .
Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji ( translation : The heart is but a child ) is a 2011 Indian Hindi romantic comedy film directed by Madhur Bhandarkar , starring Ajay Devgn , Emraan Hashmi , Omi Vaidya , Shazahn Padamsee , Shruti Haasan and Shraddha Das in the lead roles .
Us Paar is a Hindi film released in 1974 , starring Vinod Mehra and Moushumi Chatterjee .
The Life and Loves of Tschaikovsky or It Was a Lovely Night at the Ball ( German : Es war eine rauschende Ballnacht ) is a 1939 German historical drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Zarah Leander , Aribert Wäscher and Hans Stüwe .
Tag til marked i Fjordby is a 1957 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer .
Ratnakumar or Rathnakumar ( Tamil : இரத்னகுமார் ) is a 1949 Tamil language film starring P. U. Chinnappa Bhagavathar and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles .
Mexican Manhunt is a 1953 American crime film directed by Rex Bailey and starring George Brent , Hillary Brooke and Morris Ankrum .
7 Lives is a 2011 British film directed by Paul Wilkins starring Danny Dyer , Kate Ashfield and Martin Compston .
Interview with the Assassin is a 2002 drama / pseudo - documentary starring Raymond J. Barry and Dylan Haggerty .
Come Early Morning is a 2006 film starring Ashley Judd and Jeffrey Donovan .
In a house at Cherry Tree Lane , distant couple Christine ( Rachael Blake ) and Mike ( Tom Butcher ) are eating dinner while their son , Sebastian , is out at football practice .
Det kunne vært deg ( Norwegian : It could have been you ) is a 1952 Norwegian comedy film directed by Kåre Bergstrøm and Henki Kolstad , starring Inger Marie Andersen , Henki Kolstad and Wenche Foss .
Benny & Joon is a 1993 romantic comedy film released by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer about how two eccentric individuals , Sam ( Johnny Depp ) and Juniper `` Joon '' ( Mary Stuart Masterson ) , find each other and fall in love .
Stingray Sam is a 2009 space - western / musical serial film , directed by and starring Cory McAbee .
My Pal , the King is a 1932 American Pre - Code Western film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Tom Mix , Mickey Rooney and James Kirkwood .
Mein Lieber Katrina is a 1914 American silent comedy short starring Charlotte Burton , George Field , Ida Lewis and John Steppling .
Pandagala Vachadu is an upcoming Telugu film directed by Karthikeya Prasad . The film stars Nara Rohit and Neelam Upadhyaya in the lead .
The Lucky Texan is a 1934 Lonestar Films B - movie Western film featuring John Wayne , five years before his breakthrough appearance in Stagecoach , Barbara Sheldon , Gabby Hayes , and legendary stuntman -- actor Yakima Canutt .
Windy Riley Goes Hollywood is a 1931 American Pre - Code short comedy film directed by Roscoe Arbuckle using the pseudonym of William Goodrich and featuring Louise Brooks in her first talkie .
The Terror Within is a 1989 science fiction / horror film starring George Kennedy , Andrew Stevens , Starr Andreeff and Terri Treas . The film was directed by Thierry Notz .
Por mis pistolas ( `` For my Pistols '' ) is a 1938 Mexican film starring Sara García .
Misled Youth ( German : Verirrte Jugend ) or Youth Gone Astray is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Richard Löwenbein and starring Fritz Alberti , Erna Morena and Dolly Davis .
It 's Easier for a Camel ... ( French : Il est plus facile pour un chameau ... ) is a 2003 French comedy film written , directed by and starring Valeria Bruni Tedeschi .
Desi Magic is an upcoming Bollywood romantic comedy film , directed by Mehul Atha and produced by Ameesha Patel and Kuunal Goomer under the banner of Ameesha Patel Productions .
Uncertain Glory is a 1944 film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Errol Flynn and Paul Lukas .
Paratroop Command is a 1959 war film directed by William Witney , starring Richard Bakalyan , Ken Lynch and Jack Hogan .
Aptha is a 2011 Kannada film in the thriller genre starring Pooja Gandhi , Neeraj Sham in the lead roles .
Days of Jesse James is a 1939 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers .
Zombie Strippers is a 2008 American zombie comedy film written and directed by Jay Lee , starring Robert Englund , Jenna Jameson , and Tito Ortiz and distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment .
Escape from the Dark ( American title : The Littlest Horse Thieves ) is a 1976 British family drama film produced by Walt Disney Productions , directed by Charles Jarrott and starring Alastair Sim ( in his final film role ) , Peter Barkworth and Maurice Colbourne .
Dancing Lady is a 1933 American Pre - Code musical film starring Joan Crawford and Clark Gable , and featuring Franchot Tone , Fred Astaire , Robert Benchley , and the Three Stooges .
Thomas Boyle ( 29 June 1775 -- 12 October 1825 ) was one of the most successful Baltimore privateer captains during the War of 1812 .
Captain John Herbert Hedley ( 19 July 1887 -- 1 April 1977 ) was a World War I British flying ace credited with eleven aerial victories .
Vladimir Efimovich Gorev ( 1900 - 20 June 1938 ) , known as Vladimir Gorev , was a military Belarusian known to have participated in the defense of Madrid as a Soviet military advisor during the Spanish Civil War .
Major Rajesh Singh Adhikari , MVC ( December 25 , 1970 -- May 30 , 1999 ) , was an Indian Army officer who died during the Kargil War .
Lieutenant Colonel John McCrae , MD ( November 30 , 1872 -- January 28 , 1918 ) was a Canadian poet , physician , author , artist and soldier during World War I , and a surgeon during the Second Battle of Ypres , in Belgium .
Frederick S. Neilon ( June 22 , 1846 -- September 13 , 1916 ) , also called Frank Singleton , was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 6th U.S. Cavalry during the Red River War .
Milan Kalabić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Калабић ; 1886 -- 3 October 1942 ) was a Serbian military officer who fought in the Balkan Wars and the First World War and was involved with the Chetniks during the Second World War .
Thomas Cavanaugh ( born May 10 , 1869 ) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Newton Henry Mason ( 24 December 1918 -- May 1942 ) was a decorated United States Navy fighter pilot of World War II who was killed in action at the Battle of the Coral Sea .
Luís Vaz Pereira Pinto Guedes , 2nd Viscount of Montalegre , was a Portuguese soldier , born 1770 , who served on the absolutist side in Portugal 's Liberal Wars .
Gerhard Schacht ( 6 April 1916 -- 7 February 1972 ) was a highly decorated Major i . G. in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and an Oberst in the Bundeswehr .
Orland Smith ( May 2 , 1825 -- October 3 , 1903 ) was a railroad executive and a brigade commander in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Neboulos ( Greek : Νέβουλος ) was a South Slavic or Bulgar military commander in the service of the Byzantine emperor Justinian II ( r. 685 - -695 and 705 - -711 ) , who defected with many of his men to the Arabs during the crucial Battle of Sebastopolis .
Captain Jameel Sayhood was an Iraqi pilot in the Gulf War who it is claimed managed to attain one of the few aerial victories by the Iraqi Air Force in his MiG-29B , before being shot down by USAF Captain Craig Underhill and Captain Cesar Rodriguez with their F-15Cs mere minutes after his air - air victory .
The M1 carbine ( formally the United States Carbine , Caliber .30 , M1 ) is a lightweight .30 caliber semi - automatic carbine that became a standard firearm for the U.S. military during World War II , the Korean War and the Vietnam War , and was produced in several variants .
Karl Kessel ( 1 June 1912 -- 24 August 1997 ) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant i m Generalstab in the Luftwaffe during World War II and a Generalmajor in the Bundeswehr .
Thomas Cruse ( December 29 , 1857 -- June 8 , 1943 ) was a United States Army Brigadier General who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for valor in action on July 17 , 1882 , at the Battle of Big Dry Wash , Arizona .
Werner Dobberstein ( 4 April 1911 -- 25 February 1993 ) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
David Gregg McIntosh ( March 16 , 1836 -- October 16 , 1916 ) was a Confederate artillery officer during the American Civil War from the state of South Carolina .
On 26 February 1940 Ronald Symond enlisted again ( in World War II ) .
Robert Heriot Barclay ( 18 September 1786 -- 8 May 1837 ) was a British naval officer who was engaged in the Napoleonic Wars , and its North American counterpart , the War of 1812 .
Ernst Nobis ( 18 October 1901 -- 7 March 1963 ) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II who later served in the Austrian Bundesheer .
Otto Kissenberth ( 26 February 1893 -- 2 August 1919 ) was a German flying ace of World War I credited with 20 aerial victories .
Oberstleutnant Anton Mader ( born 7 January 1913 in Kaštel Novi -- died 19 February 1984 in Vienna ) was German World War II Luftwaffe 86 victories Flying ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
The Battle of Arica , also known as Assault and Capture of Cape Arica , was a battle in the War of the Pacific .
Leutnant Hans - Georg von der Osten began his career as a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories .
Col . Herbert T. Levack ( March 14 , 1916 -- January 27 , 2010 ) was a command pilot in the U.S. Air Force flying B-24s in World War II , and C-124s in Korea and Vietnam .
USS Sallie Wood ( 1860 ) was a 256-ton steamer captured by the Union Navy during the early years of the American Civil War .
USS Stonewall ( 1863 ) was a small 30-ton blockade - running schooner captured by the Union Navy during the Union blockade of the American Civil War .
Josef Swientek ( 1 February 1912 -- 29 June 1991 ) was a Standartenführer ( Colonel ) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
Alfred B. Hilton ( 1842 -- October 21 , 1864 ) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War and a recipient of America 's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions at the Battle of Chaffin 's Farm .
Lothar Kmitta ( 19 January 1921 -- 13 May 2009 ) was a highly decorated Leutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Julio Mangada Rosenörn ( June 30 , 1877 Sancti Spíritus , Cuba -- April 14 , 1946 , Mexico City ) was a prominent Spanish Republican Army officer during the Second Spanish Republic and the Spanish Civil War .
Major Thomas Sinclair Harrison DFC * ( born 8 January 1898 in South Africa ) was a World War I fighter ace credited with 22 aerial victories .
Klaus Häberlen ( 14 April 1916 -- 7 April 2002 ) was a German Luftwaffe bomber pilot during World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross which was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
Quincy Adams Gillmore ( February 25 , 1825 -- April 11 , 1888 ) was an American civil engineer , author , and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Matthäus Hetzenauer ( 23 December 1924 in Tyrol , Austria -- 3 October 2004 ) was an Austrian sniper in the 3rd Mountain Division on the Eastern Front of the World War II , who was credited with 345 kills .
Mustafa Şekip Birgöl ( 1903 -- November 11 , 2008 ) , a retired Turkish colonel , was the last veteran of the Turkish War of Independence ( 1919 - -1923 ) .
David Bullock Harris ( September 28 , 1814 -- October 10 , 1864 ) was a Colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War ( Civil War ) .
Charles - Théodore Millot ( 28 June 1829 -- 17 May 1889 ) was a French general who distinguished himself in the Franco - Prussian War ( 1870 - -71 ) and the Tonkin campaign ( 1883 - -86 ) .
Major Arthur Chin ( Chinese : 陳瑞鈿 ; pinyin : Chén Ruìdiàn ; Cantonese : Chan Sui - Tin ; October 23 , 1913 -- September 3 , 1997 ) was a pilot from the United States who participated in the Second Sino - Japanese War .
George Henry Thomas ( July 31 , 1816 -- March 28 , 1870 ) was a United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War , one of the principal commanders in the Western Theater .
Clack Stone ( fl . 1827 - -1839 ) was a captain in the 27th Regiment Illinois Militia during the 1832 Black Hawk War .
John Pope Cook ( June 12 , 1825 -- October 13 , 1910 ) was an Illinois politician and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Franco Lucchini , MOVM , ( 24 December 1917 -- 5 July 1943 ) was an Italian World War II fighter pilot in the Aviazione Legionaria and in the Regia Aeronautica .
Major Archibald H. Gillespie ( 14 August 1810 -- 16 August 1873 ) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the Mexican - American War .
Heinz - Otto Fabian ( 1 March 1918 -- 16 September 1990 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II and later a Brigadegeneral of the Bundeswehr .
Colonel Ambrosio José Gonzales ( October 3 , 1818 -- July 31 , 1893 ) was a Cuban revolutionary who became a Colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Mitros Petrovas or Mitropetrovas ( Greek : Μήτρος Πέτροβας , Μητροπέτροβας , 1745 -- 12 March 1838 ) was a military leader of the Greek War of Independence from Messenia and one of the leaders of the anti - government riots during the Bavarian regency of Greece .
Joseph L. Epps ( May 16 , 1870 - -June 20 , 1952 ) was a United States Army private received the Medal of Honor for his actions on December 4 , 1899 during the Philippine - American War .
Jacob Fick ( 17 January 1912 -- 22 April 2004 ) was an Obersturmbannführer ( Lieutenant Colonel ) , in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Colonel Ernst Ludwig Wilhelm von Bismarck ( 7 April 1772 in Magdeburg -- 20 June 1815 in Namur ) was a Prussian officer during the Napoleonic Wars .
Paul Langkopf ( 7 July 1915 -- 6 November 1961 ) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Joel Abbot ( January 18 , 1793 -- December 14 , 1855 ) was a U.S. naval officer who served notably in the War of 1812 , and commanded a squadron during Commodore Perry 's 1852 visit to Japan .
Major Reinhard Seiler ( 30 August 1909 -- 6 October 1989 ) was German Spanish Civil War and World War II Luftwaffe Ace , commander of Jagdgeschwader 104 and a winner of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
Prince Alexei Grigorievich Scherbatov ( Russian : Алексей Григорьевич Щербатов ; 1776 - 1848 ) was a Russian imperial general during the Napoleonic Wars and November Uprising .
James Kelsey Cogswell ( September 27 , 1847 -- August 12 , 1908 ) was an admiral in the United States Navy who served in Spanish-- American War .
Anthimos Gazis ( or Gazes ; Ἄνθιμος Γαζῆς ; 1758 , Milies -- 1828 , Ermoupoli , Syros ) was a Greek scholar , philosopher during the Greek Enlightenment , cartographer and one of the heroes of the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire .
Pomeroy Parker ( March 17 , 1874 -- December 30 , 1946 ) was a private serving in the United States Marine Corps during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
David McMurtrie Gregg ( April 10 , 1833 -- August 7 , 1916 ) was a farmer , diplomat , and a Union cavalry general in the American Civil War .
Nikitaras ( Greek : Νικηταράς ) was the nom de guerre of Nikitas Stamatelopoulos ( Greek : Νικήτας Σταματελόπουλος ) ( 1784 -- 1849 ) , a Greek revolutionary in the Greek War of Independence .
Alfred Siegling ( 15 March 1918 -- 6 September 1984 ) was a Untersturmführer ( Second Lieutenant ) , in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
The Ordnance QF 6-pounder 6 cwt Hotchkiss Mk I and Mk II was a shortened version of the original QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss naval gun , and was developed specifically for use in the sponsons of the later Marks of British tanks in World War I , from Mark IV onwards .
General Stanisław Maczek ( ( staˈɲiswav ˈmat͡ʂɛk ) ; 31 March 1892 -- 11 December 1994 ) was a Polish tank commander of World War II , whose division was instrumental in the Allied liberation of France , closing the Falaise pocket , resulting in the destruction of 14 German Wehrmacht and SS divisions .
Edward B. Young ( 1835 -- February 24 , 1867 ) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay .
Jean François Graindorge ( 1 July 1770 -- 1 October 1810 ) became a brigade commander during the Napoleonic Wars and was mortally wounded while leading his troops against the British at the Battle of Bussaco in Portugal .
Jürgen Stroop ( born Josef Stroop , 26 September 1895 in Detmold , Germany -- 6 March 1952 in Warsaw , Poland ) was an SS General during World War II . He was in command against the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising and wrote the Stroop Report , a book - length account of the operation .
Hormuzan ( Middle Persian : Hormazdān , New Persian : هرمزان ) was an Iranian aristocrat who served as the governor of Khuzestan , and was one of the Sasanian military officers at the Battle of al - Qādisiyyah .
Messier 28 ( also known as M28 or NGC 6626 ) is a globular cluster in the constellation Sagittarius .
NGC 2423 - 3 is a red giant star approximately 2498 light - years away in the constellation of Puppis .
XX Tauri ( Nova Tauri 1927 ) was a nova , which appeared in the constellation Taurus in 1927 .
NGC 7662 , also known as the Blue Snowball Nebula or Snowball Nebula , is a planetary nebula located in the constellation Andromeda .
HIP 14810 b is a massive hot Jupiter approximately 170 light - years away in the constellation of Aries .
61 Virginis d ( abbreviated 61 Vir d ) is a proposed exoplanet orbiting the 5th apparent - magnitude G - type main - sequence star 61 Virginis in the constellation Virgo .
NGC 4102 is an intermediate spiral galaxy located in the northern constellation of Ursa Major .
6 Ceti ( 6 Cet ) is a star in the constellation Cetus .
Nu Scorpii or Jabbah ( ν Sco , 14 Scorpii ) is a star system in the constellation Scorpius .
2MASS J0523 - 1403 is a very - low - mass red dwarf about 40 light years from Earth in the southern constellation of Lepus .
NGC 6850 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Telescopium , discovered by John Herschel in 1836 .
HD 104985 b , also named Meztli , is an extrasolar planet approximately 97 parsecs ( 317 lys ) from the Sun in the constellation of Camelopardalis .
VV Corvi ( VV Crv ) is a close spectroscopic binary in the constellation Corvus .
The M94 Group ( Canes Venatici I Group ) is a loose , extended group of galaxies located about 13 million light - years away in the constellations Canes Venatici and Coma Berenices .
NGC 1300 is a barred spiral galaxy about 61 million light - years away in the constellation Eridanus .
Lambda Ceti ( λ Cet , λ Ceti ) is Class B star of fifth - magnitude star located in the constellation Cetus .
R Equulei is a M - type star , while also a Mira variable , is located in the constellation Equuleus .
NGC 1042 is a spiral galaxy in the Constellation Cetus .
HD 87822 is a binary star in the northern constellation of Leo Minor .
10 Ursae Majoris ( 10 UMa ) is a star in the constellation Lynx .
HD 50499 is a yellow dwarf star approximately 154 light - years away in the constellation of constellation of Puppis .
16 Persei ( 16 Per ) is a star in the constellation Perseus .
Eta Serpentis ( η Ser , η Serpentis ) is a star in the constellation Serpens .
NO Apodis ( HD 156513 ) is semi - regular pulsating star located in the far southern constellation Apus .
HD 152079 is a star in the constellation Ara and has one planet .
Iota Ceti ( ι Cet , ι Ceti ) is a star in the constellation Cetus .
NGC 634 is a spiral galaxy , lying 250 million light years away in the Triangulum constellation .
HD 231701 is a yellow - white dwarf star approximately 390 light years away in the constellation of Sagitta .
Zeta Apodis ( ζ Aps , ζ Apodis ) is the Bayer designation for a star in the southern constellation of Apus .
Fleming 1 is an unusual planetary nebula situated in the Centaurus constellation .
Zeta Ursae Minoris ( ζ UMi , ζ Ursae Minoris ) is a star in the constellation Ursa Minor .
NGC 3626 , also Caldwell 40 , is a medium - tightness spiral galaxy and Caldwell object in the constellation Leo .
Messier 87 ( also known as Virgo A or NGC 4486 , and generally abbreviated to M87 ) is a supergiant elliptical galaxy in the constellation Virgo .
Sh2 - 54 is an extended bright nebula in the constellation of Serpens .
WISE J014656.66 + 423410.0 ( designation abbreviated to WISE 0146 + 4234 ) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0 , located in constellation Andromeda .
39 Arietis ( abbreviated 39 Ari ) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries .
30 Geminorum ( 30 Gem ) is a star in the constellation Gemini .
KOI-74 ( KIC 6889235 ) is an eclipsing binary star in the constellation of Cygnus .
Kepler-66 is a star with slightly more mass than the Sun in the NGC 6811 open cluster in the Cygnus constellation and has one confirmed planet , slightly smaller than Neptune , announced in 2013 .
HD 76728 , also called c Carinae ( c Car ) , is a star in the constellation Carina .
MS 0735.6 + 7421 is a galaxy cluster located in the constellation Camelopardalis , approximately 2.6 billion light - years away .
HD 73534 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type subgiant star HD 73534 , located approximately 316 light years away in the constellation Cancer .
HD 155358 is a low metallicity yellow dwarf star approximately 43 pc away in the constellation Hercules .
Arp - Madore 1 is a globular cluster in the constellation Horologium 398,000 light - years away .
Delta Horologii ( δ Her ) is a star in the constellation Horologium .
Kappa Ophiuchi ( κ Oph , κ Ophiuchi ) is a star in the equatorial constellation Ophiuchus .
NGC 6819 is an open cluster ( commonly known as an `` open star cluster '' ) located 7,200 light years away in the Cygnus constellation .
NGC 84 ( PGC 3325897 ) is a star in the constellation of Andromeda .
Lambda Piscium ( Lambda Psc , λ Piscium , λ Psc ) is a star approximately 101 light years away from Earth in the constellation Pisces .
HR 8768 , also known as LN Andromedae , is a slowly pulsating B star in the constellation Andromeda .
NGC 925 is a barred spiral galaxy located about 30 million light - years away in the constellation Triangulum .
2MASS J09373487 + 2931409 , or 2MASSI J0937347 + 293142 ( abbreviated to 2MASS 0937 + 2931 ) is a brown dwarf of spectral class T6 , located in the constellation Leo about 19.96 light - years from Earth ..
HD 231701 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 354 light years away in the constellation of Sagitta .
WASP-6 is a type - G yellow dwarf star located about 1000 light - years away in the Aquarius constellation .
NGC 2217 is a nearly face - on lenticular galaxy of about 100 thousand light - years across that lies roughly 65 million light years from Earth in the constellation of Canis Major .
Messier 50 ( also known as M 50 or NGC 2323 ) is an open cluster in the constellation Monoceros .
Iota Leporis ( ι Lep ) is a class B7.5V ( blue main - sequence ) star in the constellation Lepus .
The Bayer designation Nu Sagittarii ( Nu Sgr , ν Sagittarii , ν Sgr ) is shared by two star systems , ν¹ Sagittarii and ν² Sagittarii , in the constellation Sagittarius .
Lambda Geminorum ( λ Gem , λ Geminorum ) is a class A3 , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Gemini .
HD 89744 is an F - dwarf star about 130 light years away in the constellation of Ursa Major .
NGC 2770 is a type SASc spiral galaxy located about 88 million light years away , in the constellation Lynx .
HD 192263 is an 8th magnitude star about 63 light years away in the constellation of Aquila .
Eta Ursae Minoris ( η UMi , η Ursae Minoris ) is a star in the constellation Ursa Minor .
NGC 3738 is a dwarf galaxy lying in the constellation of Ursa Major , located about 12 million light - years from the Sun , and belongs to the Messier 81 group of galaxies .
OGLE - TR-182 is a dim magnitude 17 star far off in the constellation Carina at a distance of approximately 12,700 light years .
7 Ceti ( 7 Cet ) is a red giant star in the constellation Cetus .
HD 30177 is an 8th magnitude star located approximately 178 light - years ( 55 parsecs ) away in the constellation Dorado .
HD 94510 ( u Car , u Carinae ) is a star in the constellation Carina .
Gliese 436 is a red dwarf approximately 33.1 light - years ( 10.1 parsecs ) away in the zodiac constellation of Leo .
NGC 68 is an lenticular galaxy , and the central member of the NGC 68 group , in the constellation Andromeda .
NGC 7320c is a galaxy member of the Stephan 's Quintet located in the constellation Pegasus .
Xi Coronae Borealis ( ξ CrB ) is a star in the constellation Corona Borealis .
Xi Cancri ( ξ Cnc , ξ Cancri ) is a spectroscopic binary in the constellation Cancer .
Nu Tauri ( ν Tau , ν Tauri ) is a star in the constellation Taurus .
66 Cancri ( 66 Cnc ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
HD 154857 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 224 light years away in the constellation of Ara .
HD 114762 b is a massive gaseous extrasolar planet , approximately 132 light - years ( 40.6 pc ) away in the constellation of Coma Berenices .
NGC 7315 is a galaxy in Pegasus .
HAT - P-6b is a transiting extrasolar planet located approximately 650 light - years away in the constellation of Andromeda , orbiting the star HAT - P-6 .
HD 208527 is a M1III red giant star located in Pegasus .
HD 115337 is a cool supergiant star in the constellation Camelopardalis .
Lacaille 9352 ( Lac 9352 ) is a star in the southern constellation of Piscis Austrinus .
HD 33636 is a binary system located approximately 94 light - years away in Orion constellation .
The Glover Rocks ( 67 ° 46′S 68 ° 54′W ) are a group of rocks lying northwest of Avian Island , off the south end of Adelaide Island , Antarctica .
Hiyoko Island is an island lying 1.1 kilometres ( 0.6 nmi ) southwest of Nesøya in the northeastern part of Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
Mount McDonald ( 72 ° 30′S 166 ° 36′E ) is a peak rising to 2,470 metres ( 8,100 ft ) on the north side of Trafalgar Glacier , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) northwest of Mount Burton , in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Krakra Bluff ( Rid Krakra \'rid ' kra - kra\ ) is a rocky bluff of elevation 140 m surmounting Memorable Beach ( 62 ° 38′35``S 60 ° 33′19''W ) on the northwest coast of South Bay , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Jacobs Island is a narrow island 560 m ( 0.3 nmi ) long between the Hellerman Rocks and Laggard Island , off the southwest coast of Anvers Island , Antarctica .
Nižná Voľa ( Ukrainian : Нижня Воля , Nyzhnia Volia ) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north - east Slovakia .
Dehkadeh - ye Asayesh ( Persian : دهكده اسايش‎ , also Romanized as Dehkadeh - ye Āsāyesh ; also known as Āsāyesh ) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Putnikovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Путниково ) is a village in Serbia .
Banaruiyeh District ( Persian : بخش بنارویه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Döllnitzbahn GmbH is a private railway company in Saxony in eastern Germany .
In Greek mythology , King Laius ( pronounced /ˈlaɪ.əs/ ) , or Laios ( Greek : Λάϊος ) of Thebes was a divine hero and key personage in the Theban founding myth .
During the 2012 trial United States of America v. Carollo , Goldberg and Grimm , the former CDR employee Doug Goldberg testified that he was involved in giving Bill Richardson campaign contributions amounting to $ 100,000 in exchange for his company CDR being hired to handle a $ 400 million swap deal for the New Mexico state government .
Kazimierz Leon Sapieha ( Lithuanian : Kazimieras Leonas Sapiega ) ( 1609 - -1656 ) was a nobleman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , a part of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , Royal Secretary and Grand Writer of Lithuania from 1631 , Court Marshal of Lithuania from 1637 , Deputy Chancellor of Lithuania from 1645 .
Tony Fomison ( 12 July 1939 -- 7 February 1990 ) was a notable artist in New Zealand .
Subcomandante Elisa ( born María Gloria Benavides Guevara ) is a Zapatista activist who , before her arrest and the revelation of her identity , was a subcomandante in Mexico 's Zapatista Army of National Liberation .
Ilana Yahav ( Hebrew : אילנה יהב‎ ) is a sand animation artist from Israel .
Wilm Weppelmann ( b. 17 April 1957 in Lüdinghausen ) is a German artist , conceptual artist , photographer and writer based in Münster , Germany , with extensive solo exhibitions ( Town Museum Münster , Museum for Sepulchral Culture Kassel , etc . ) concerning the boundaries of human existence .
Renato Treves ( 1907 - -1992 ) was born in Turin , Italy of a Jewish family .
Shannon Donato ( born 3 April 1975 in Sydney , Australia ) is a former rugby league player who played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs , Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks and the Penrith Panthers .
Leone di Lernia ( born Leonardo di Lernia in Trani , Italy , April 18 , 1938 ) is a radio host , singer , and composer of the genre trash - demented .
Renaud of Vendôme was one of the first chancellors of France .
Major General ( retired ) Saidu Ayodele Balogun was appointed the first Governor of Ogun State , Nigeria after it was formed from part of the old Western State in March 1976 , holding office until July 1978 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo .
Serge Hutin ( 1927 - -1997 ) born in France , was an author on books on esoterica and the occult .
Jan Ferdynand Nax ( April 1736 -- 19 January 1810 ) was an architect , economist , social reformer and adviser on the navigability and conservation of Poland 's water resources .
John Novak ( born September 9 , 1955 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is an actor and anime voice actor who frequently does voice work for the Ocean Group based in Vancouver , Canada .
Alexandros Karagiannis ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Καραγιάνης ; born 25 October 1993 , in Grevena , Greece ) , is a Winger currently playing in the Football League ( Greece ) for Chania .
Sixto Santa Cruz ( born 6 November 1986 in Ypané ) is a professional football Striker that is from Paraguay .
Giuseppe Gustavo Mattli was born in Locarno , Switzerland and grew up in the Italian - speaking southern city of Lugano as one of a family of 14 children ( 12 of them were girls ) .
Latif Mohammed is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays for Ashanti Gold F.C. in the Ghana Premier League .
Markku Aro ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈmɑrkːu ˈɑro ) ) , born as Markku Tuomas Puputti ( 3 February 1950 in Mouhijärvi , Finland ) , is a Finnish singer who performed on Eurovision contest in 1971 in Ireland with the pop - duo Koivistolaiset .
Rasanara Parwin ( born Rasanara Kephatulla Parwin ) born on May 4 , 1992 is a right - arm off break bowler for the India national women 's cricket team who made her debut in the 2013 Women 's Cricket World Cup against West Indies .
Caroline Celico Leite ( née Lyra ; born July 26 , 1987 in São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian socialite , singer and former Evangelical pastor at the Reborn in Christ Church , which she left in 2010 .
Umberto Ammaturo ( born May 21 , 1941 ) , also known as ' O pazzo ( the mad one ) , is a former Italian criminal and a member of the Neapolitan Camorra , a Mafia - type organisation in Italy .
Lucio Agostini ( Fano , Italy , 30 December 1913 -- Toronto , 15 February 1996 ) was an Italian - born composer , arranger , and conductor who established his career in Canada .
Fernando Jara ( born December 18 , 1987 in Panama ) is a thoroughbred horse racing jockey in the United States .
Paul Freier ( born 26 July 1979 , in Bytom , Poland ) is a German football coach and former football player , who was usually employed on the right wing .
The United Kingdom Census 1841 recorded the occupants of every UK household on the night of 6 June 1841 when Barnet Burns , mariner , and Rosina Crowther , pedlar , were lodging at Vincent Street , Sculcoates , Kingston upon Hull .
Mansur Hoda was absolutely convinced by the Schumacher 's concept of Intermediate Technology or Appropriate technology - something between the sickle and the combine harvester , the hoe and the tractor - as the only feasible solution to the problems of massive unemployment that haunted India and other developing countries .
Ashley Isham ( born Eshamuddin Ismail in Singapore in 1976 ) is a fashion designer .
Kostandin Shpataraku was born in Valesh village , Shpat region in Albania .
Nguyễn Văn Vy ( born 16 January 1916 ) was a Vietnamese soldier who rose to the rank of lieutenant general in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) .
David de Burgh Graham ( born 1981 ) is an important player in the free software movement , a railfan , and a member of Parliament for the Liberal Party of Canada for the riding of Laurentides--
Mirosław Kalita is a coach and captain of soccer team Wisłoka Dębica , Poland .
Celso Duarte ( born June 1974 , in Villarrica , Paraguay ) is a virtuoso of Paraguayan harp and Mexican jarocho harp , arranger , singer , and multi - talented instrumentalist .
Shapoor Reporter or Sir Shapoor Ardeshir Reporter KBE ( born 1 January 1920 ) was a British intelligence agent in Iran who had an important role in the 1953 Iranian coup d'état against the prime minister of the time , Mohammad Mosaddegh .
Sandia Furtado is an Indian actress who has risen to fame with her portrayal of the character Nethra Reddy , a member of the Indian women 's national hockey team , in the Hindi Bollywood film Chak De India .
John Yeeden Lloyd ( born 1795 ) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 31 December 1853 .
Ernst Levy ( born Basel , Switzerland 18 November 1895 , died Morges , Switzerland 19 April 1981 ) was a Swiss musicologist , composer , pianist and conductor .
Ivana Ninković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ивана Нинковић ; born 15 December 1995 in Trebinje , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian Serb swimmer who swims for Swimming Club ' Olymp ' Banja Luka and for Bosnia and Herzegovina national swim team .
Horace Haszard ( November 2 , 1853 -- May 11 , 1922 ) was a wholesale merchant and political figure in Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Michel Averseng ( born August 1936 , Toulouse , France ) is a French sculptor .
Seelaratna Senarath ( born September 2 , 1944 ) is the Director Programming of CRI Sri Lanka .
Francisco Rojas Soto ( born 16 October 1950 ) is a retired sprint runner from Paraguay .
Rabbi Yitzhak - Meir Levin ( Hebrew : יצחק - מאיר לוין‎ , born 30 January 1893 , died 7 August 1971 ) was an Haredi ( ultra - orthodox Jewish ) politician who was a Member of Parliament in both Poland and Israel .
Andreas Mölzer ( born 2 December 1952 in Leoben , Styria ) is an Austrian politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the Freedom Party of Austria .
Pietari Inkinen ( born 29 April 1980 , Kouvola , Finland ) is a Finnish violinist and conductor .
Hilde Teerlinck ( born 1966 in Bruges , Belgium ) is a Belgian curator , and was the director of the Fonds Regional d’Art Contemporain Nord - Pas de Calais ( FRAC ) , in Dunkirk , France .
Markus Gross ( born June 14 , 1963 , Saarland , Germany ) is a Professor of Computer science at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zürich ( ETH ) , head of its Computer Graphics Laboratory , and the director of Disney Research , Zurich .
Major General Bùi Đình Đạm ( born c. 1926 ) was a general of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) .
Charles Richard - Hamelin ( Lanaudière , Canada , 17 July 1989 ) is a Canadian concert pianist .
Melvinder Kanth is an award winning documentary film - maker and actor who has appeared in several TV films and theatre in the United Kingdom and Singapore since 1996 .
Ayla Algan ( born 29 October 1937 , in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish film / stage actress and singer .
Taytu Betul ( Amharic : ጣይቱ ብጡል ? c. 1851 -- February 11 , 1918 ) ( baptismal name Wälättä Mikael ) was an Empress Consort of the Ethiopian Empire ( 1889 - -1913 ) and the third wife of Emperor Menelek II of Ethiopia .
Son of an American professional basketball player and a French flight attendant , Sylvain White was born in France and grew up in Paris .
Firman McClure ( November 19 , 1861 -- March 28 , 1901 ) was a lawyer , editor and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
DJ Deep ( born Andreas Peine , born January 2 , 1968 ) is a dance music DJ , producer and megamixer from Schermbeck , Germany .
Roberto Musci ( born March 27 , 1956 in Milan , Italy ) is a music composer , performer , saxophonist and guitar player .
Owen Gray also known as Owen Grey ( born 5 July 1939 , Jamaica ) is one of Jamaica 's ' Foundation ' singers whose work spans the R&B , ska , rocksteady , and reggae eras of Jamaican music , and he has been credited as Jamaica 's first home - grown singing star .
Alen Mešanović ( born October 26 , 1975 in Banovići ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who is a free agent in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Wayne Ryding is an English Paralympic swimmer , who was born in and initially competed for Australia .
Alberto Ullastres ( 15 January 1914 - 15 November 2001 ) was Spain 's Minister of Economy ( 1957 - 1965 ) and Ambassador to the European Economic Community ( 1965 - 1976 ) under General Franco .
July 31 , 1921 Karl Jiszda debuted for the Austria national football team against Finland ( 2 - 3 ) .
Antonin Perbòsc was a poet from Occitania , France .
Lieutenant Colonel Alexandre Banza ( 1932 -- 12 April 1969 ) was a military officer and politician in the Central African Republic .
Luís Alves de Lima e Silva , Duke of Caxias ( 25 August 1803 -- 7 May 1880 ) , nicknamed `` the Peacemaker '' and `` Iron Duke '' , was an army officer , politician and monarchist of the Empire of Brazil .
Imbi Paju ( born June 3 , 1959 , Jõgevamaa , Estonia ) is an Estonian - born journalist , writer and filmmaker resident in Finland .
Osvaldo Castro Pelayos ( born 17 October 1948 ) is a retired Chilean footballer who played league football for clubs in Chile and Mexico , as well as playing international football for Chile .
Andreas Lønmo Knudsrød ( born 1 January 1982 in Revetal , Norway ) is a Norwegian drummer living in Oslo .
Sadahzinia ( born Yolanda Tsiampokalou ; Greek : Γιολάντα Τσιαμπόκαλου , in 1977 ) is a Greek rapper , regarded by many as the first woman to enter the hip - hop scene in Greece .
Uno Prii grew up in Estonia , where his father was an architect and builder .
Katalin Keserü ( born October 4 , 1946 , Pécs , Hungary ) is a Hungarian award - winning artist and professor emeritus ( since 2013 ) at the department of Art History , Eötvös Loránd University .
Colonel Maung Maung Kha BC 4066 ( Burmese : မောင်မောင်ခ ( màʊɴ màʊɴ kʰa̰ ) ; 7 June 1920 -- 30 April 1995 ) was the 8th Prime Minister of Myanmar between 1977 and 1988 .
Ümit Ergirdi ( born 5 November 1981 in Berlin , Germany ) is a former professional Turkish footballer who plays for Viktoria Berlin .
Arne Løchen was born in Vang ( now Hamar ) , in Hedmark county , Norway .
Gianni Bellocchi was born in Acquapendente and spent formative years in San Lorenzo Nuovo , in province of Viterbo ( Italy ) , near Lago di Bolsena .
Norbert Zongo ( July 1949 -- December 13 , 1998 ) was the publisher and editor of the Burkina Faso newspaper l'Indépendant .
Anup Baral ( Nepali : अनुप बराल ) ( born 1968 ) is actor , writer , director of Nepal .
László Antal ( Szob , Hungary , 25 June 1930 -- USA / Germany January 1993 ) was a Hungarian linguist , structuralist , Doctor of Science ( 1981 ) , and Professor of Linguistics .
Jobe Wheelhouse ( born 14 April 1985 in Newcastle , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays for Lambton Jaffas .
Serge Mombouli has been the Republic of the Congo 's ambassador to the United States since 2001 .
Stéphane Christophe Bridé ( born 30 September 1971 in Dakar ) is the current Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Moldova .
Aliya Yussupova ( Kazakh : Әлия Мақсұтқызы Жүсіпова ; born May 15 , 1984 ) is an individual rhythmic gymnast who competed for Kazakhstan , coached by Irina Viner .
Daudi Kabaka ( 1939 - 2001 ) was a singer born in Kenya .
Börje Jansson ( born November 10 , 1942 ) was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Sweden .
David A. Balfour ( 1889 - -1956 ) was a municipal politician in Toronto , Canada .
Jan - Hein Arens ( Vught , the Netherlands , born September 23 , 1974 ) is a Dutch painter , sculptor and illustrator .
Kim Shin - young was born in Daegu , South Korea on January 30 , 1984 and graduated from Yewon Arts University .
Paul of Tammah lived as a hermit in the mountain of Ansena ( currently in the El Minya governorate of Egypt ) .
Ahmed Khairy ( Arabic : أحمد خيري‎ ; born 1 October 1987 ) is an Egyptian footballer playing for El Mokawloon SC of Egypt .
Shikha Swaroop ( born October 23 , 1970 ) is an Indian actress , and a former Miss India winner .
Patricio Rubina ( born June 22 , 1981 in La Serena , Chile ) is a Chilean footballer as a Midfielder , that currently plays for Deportes La Serena , He previously played on Deportes Antofagasta of the Primera División in Chile .
Kamran Eshraghian ( born 1945 ) is an electronic engineer notable for working on VLSI in Australia .
Sam Kasiano ( born 21 September 1990 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canterbury - Bankstown Bulldogs of the National Rugby League .
For the delight of the Estonian audience , however , Sandra Oxenryd had two well - known backing singers from Estonia on stage with her in Athens , Dagmar Oja and Jelena Juzvik whilst the rest of the group were from Sweden like Sandra herself .
Tom Hugo ( Hermansen ) ( born 1979 in Kristiansand , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer , songwriter and musician .
Myint Myint Aye ( born 18 November 1977 ) is a retired athlete who represented Myanmar in the middle - distance events .
Margareta Bergman ( born Karin Ann Margareta Bergman ; 22 August 1922 in Uppsala , Sweden -- 27 September 2006 ) was a Swedish novelist .
Robert Bajic ( born 29 July 1977 in Whyalla , South Australia ) , is an Australian footballer .
Ton Caanen ( born March 18 , 1966 in Geleen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch football manager .
Mary Nótár ( born July 2 , 1985 in Hungary ) is a singer of the Romani ethnic group of the country of her birth .
Patrick Laperle ( born February 24 , 1976 in Saint - Denis - sur - Richelieu , Quebec , Canada ) is a Canadian racing driver .
Eduardo Egüez ( born in Buenos Aires , Argentina in 1959 ) is a lutenist , theorbist , and guitarist acclaimed for his interpretations of music by J.S.Bach .
Britney Spears , who adored Sliimy , immediately offered him the first part of her tour The Circus Starring Britney Spears during her concerts in Paris - Bercy in France in July 2009 .
Klaus Wanger ( February 24 , 1941 - ) was Speaker of the Landtag of Liechtenstein ( the national Parliament ) .
In 1632 , Antoine Daniel and Father Ambroise Davost set sail for New France .
Kemal Faruki ( 27 August 1910 in Istanbul , Turkey -- 27 January 1988 in Cairo , Egypt ) was a Turkish professional footballer .
Émile Janvion died on 21 July 1927 in Paris and was buried the next day in the cemetery of Bagneux , Ile de France .
Felice Bonetto ( 9 June 1903 in Manerbio , near Brescia , Italy -- 21 November 1953 in Silao , Mexico ) was a courageous racing driver who earned the nickname Il Pirata ( The Pirate ) .
Sevkaretsi Sako was born as Sarkis Tsovanyan in the Sevkar village of the Russian Empire , currently located at the northeastern part of Armenia .
Dušan Borković ( born 16 September 1984 in Pančevo , Serbia ) is a Serbian auto racing driver two time European champion 2012 European Hill Climb Championship and 2015 European Touring Car Cup .
Manuel Seoane ( 19 March 1902 - 21 August 1975 ) , nicknamed La Chancha , was an Argentine football forward who played for Independiente and Argentina national team .
Franck Emmanuel Issoze - Ngondet ( born 2 April 1961 ) is a Gabonese diplomat and political figure who has served in the government of Gabon as Minister of Foreign Affairs since 2012 .
Wayne Jarrett ( born 1956 ) is a reggae recording artist born in Kingston , Jamaica , and raised in Allman Town , Jamaica .
Aníbal Villacís ( b. 1927 , Ambato , Ecuador - d. March 7 , 2012 ) was a master painter from Ecuador who used raw earthen materials such as clay and natural pigments to paint on walls and doors throughout his city when he could not afford expensive artist materials .
Mohamed Hubail ( born 23 June 1981 ) is a Bahraini footballer who was sentenced to a two - year term of imprisonment by a special security court in Bahrain after taking part in pro - democratic reform protests in Bahrain in 2011 .
Blessed Pius of Saint Aloysius , born Luigi Campidelli , a religious and clerical student of the Passionist Congregation , born on April 29 , 1868 in the village of Trebbio , Rimini , Italy ; died November 2 , 1889 at Casale , Italy .
Ellyas Pical ( born 24 March 1960 in Ullath , Saparua ) was the first world boxing champion from Indonesia , and was three times IBF Super flyweight champion ( 1985 - -1989 ) .
Rosa Valiente ( born June 26 , 1996 in Lima , Peru ) is a Peruvian volleyball player who plays for the Peru national team .
A. S. Gnanasambandan ( Tamil : அ. ச. ஞானசம்பந்தன் ; b. 10 November 1916 - d. 27 August 2002 ) , was a Tamil writer , scholar and literary critic from Tamil Nadu , India .
Alexey Rubtsov , born 5 August 1988 in Moscow , Russia , is a professional rock climber .
Guillaume Barazzone ( born January 13 , 1982 in Geneva Switzerland ) , is a politician and member of the Swiss Christian Democratic Party ( CDP ) .
Anton Mavretič , Slovene scientist , born on December 11 , 1934 in Metlika , Slovenia .
Abe Jacobs ( born 1938 ) is a retired New Zealand professional wrestler .
Kazem Hassibi ( Persian : کاظم حسیبی ) ( born Tehran , October 1906 -- died Tehran , October 28 , 1990 ) was an Iranian academic , parliamentarian , National Front leader , and oil adviser to Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh during Iran 's oil nationalization movement .
Csaba Kuttor ( born August 19 , 1975 in Miskolc , Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén ) is an athlete from Hungary .
It was Germany 's highest military decoration at the time of its presentation to Joachim Schepke .
José Antonio Santamaría Mikel Vaqueriza ( born 16 March 1946 in San Sebastián , Guipúzcoa , Spain ; died 19 January 1993 ) was a Spanish footballer .
Guillem de Cabestany ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ɡiˈʎɛm də kəβəsˈtaɲ ) ; 1162 - -1212 ) was a Catalan troubadour from Cabestany in the County of Roussillon .
Peterjan van der Burgh ( born October 19 , 1964 ) is a director of photography from the Netherlands .
Wout Zijlstra ( born 4 August 1964 , Wolsum ) is a former strongman and Highland Games athlete from the Netherlands .
Đặng Thị Ngọc Hân ( born 11 March 1989 in Hanoi , Vietnam ) is the winner of the 2010 Miss Vietnam .
Peter Assmann ( born 28 August 1963 in Austria ) is an Austrian writer and visual artist .
Tamati Ellison ( born 1 April 1983 in Wellington , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays for the Rebels in Super Rugby and Otago in the ITM Cup .
Víctor Córdoba ( born March 15 , 1962 in Punta Alegre , Darién , Panama ) was a Panamanian boxer in the super middleweight division .
Alain Robidoux ( born July 25 , 1960 ) is a Canadian snooker player ; he played on the World Snooker tour from 1988 to 2005 and continues to play in events in Canada .
James Job Holland ( 1841 -- 31 August 1922 ) was a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in Auckland , New Zealand and the mayor of Auckland 1893 - 1896 .
Simon Prast is a director and actor from Auckland , New Zealand .
Iancu Flondor ( August 3 , 1865 , Storozhynets -- October 19 , 1924 ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born ethnic Romanian activist who advocated Bukovina 's unifion with the Kingdom of Romania .
Anita Lerche ( Punjabi : ਅਨੀਤਾ ਲਿਆਕੇ ) is a singer - songwriter , composer and actress from Denmark .
Muharem Bajrami ( Macedonian : Мухарем Бајрами ; born 29 November 1985 in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is an Albanian footballer from the present - day Republic of Macedonia .
Juan Campisteguy Oxcoby ( September 7 , 1859 -- September 4 , 1937 ) was a Uruguayan soldier , lawyer , and President of Uruguay ( 1927 - -1931 ) .
Mayra Verónica was born in Havana , Cuba , where her father was a member of Cuba 's big band , Los Dada .
Akin Akinsehinde ( born 14 April 1976 ) is a Nigeria footballer forward .
Colonel Ralph Humphreys Webb , DSO , MC ( August 30 , 1886 -- June 1 , 1945 ) was a soldier and politician based in Manitoba , Canada .
Igino Giordani in the interview about De Gasperi released to Historia On 2 June 1946 , he was elected to the constituent Assembly of Italy for the district of Rome , and in August succeeded Guido Gonella in the management of the magazine Il Populo ( 1946 - 1947 ) .
Derwent Raoul Garrard ( 6 October 1897 -- 14 June 1977 ) was a New Zealand cricketer who played first - class cricket for Auckland from 1918 to 1942 and represented New Zealand in the days before New Zealand played Test cricket .
David Porteous is a Canadian singer / songwriter , music producer , and documentary filmmaker from Toronto , Canada .
Bhaurao Krishnaji Gaikwad(October 15 , 1902 - December 29 , 1971 ) known as Dadasaheb Gaikwad was a politician and social worker from Maharashtra , India .
Jean - Jacques Vierne ( 31 January 1921 , in Courbevoie , France -- 18 June 2003 ) was a French film director .
Wilfried Klaus ( born July 8 , 1941 in Bernau am Chiemsee , Germany ) is a German television actor .
Sam Mahon is an artist and author living in Waikari in north Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand .
Nanna Lysholt Hansen is a performance artist , curator and teacher from Copenhagen , Denmark .
Sandra Alland grew up in Scarborough , a suburb of Toronto , Canada .
Øystein Moen ( born 16 August 1980 in Steinkjer , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz pianist and composer known for his participation in the bands Jaga Jazzist and Puma .
Jacques Rosenbaum ( full name : Jacques Gustav - Adolf Rosenbaum - Ehrenbush ) ( 1 July 1878 in Haapsalu , Estonia -- 6 January 1944 in Berlin , Germany ) was an Estonian architect of Baltic German descent .
Stedson Wiltshire , better known by the sobriquet of Red Plastic Bag , RPB , or merely Bag , is a calypsonian from Barbados .
William Tomyn ( October 4 , 1905 -- October 5 , 1972 ) was a politician and teacher from Alberta , Canada .
Olivia Pascal ( born Olivia Gerlitzki : May 26 , 1957 in Munich , West Germany ) is a German actress .
Musashiyama Takeshi ( 武藏山 武 , December 5 , 1909 -- March 15 , 1969 ) was a sumo wrestler from Yokohama , Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan .
Philip of Novara ( c. 1200 -- c. 1270 ) was a medieval historian , warrior , musician , diplomat , poet , and lawyer born at Novara , Italy , into a noble house , who spent his entire adult life in the Middle East .
Jerzy Konorski ( December 1 , 1903 in Łódź , Congress Poland -- November 14 , 1973 in Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish neurophysiologist who further developed the work of Ivan Pavlov by discovering secondary conditioned reflexes and operant conditioning .
Rory Sweetman ( born 1956 ) is a professional New Zealand historian .
Bob Jungels ( born 22 September 1992 in Rollingen / Mersch , Luxembourg ) is a Luxembourgish road bicycle racer .
Ramil Gallego ( pronounced gal - ye - go ) ( b. September 21 , 1966 in Bacolod City , Philippines ) is a Filipino professional pool player , nicknamed `` Bebeng '' .
Ahad Sheykhlari ( Persian : احد شیخ‌لاری ‎ , born 18 April 1960 in Tabriz , Iran ) is a retired Iranian professional football player and manager .
Margaret Thorn ( née Anderson , 11 February 1897 -- 10 February 1969 ) was a notable New Zealand bookkeeper , political activist and welfare worker .
Marko Varalahti is a former strongman competitor from Finland who is best known for competing in the 1995 World 's Strongest Man competition , finishing in 3rd place .
Toea Wisil ( 1 January 1988 ) is an athlete from Papua New Guinea who specializes in sprints .
Nicolas Economou ( Greek : Νικόλας Οικονόμου ; 11 August 1953 -- 29 December 1993 ) was a Cypriot composer and pianist born in Nicosia , Cyprus .
Tumasi Quissa ( born in 1948 ) at a camp near Akulivik , Quebec , Canada is a singer - songwriter and a carver .
Metropolitan Visarion Xhuvani ( 14 December 1890 -- 15 December 1965 ) was the primate of the Orthodox Autocephalous Church of Albania from 1929 to 1937 .
Joan Faulkner - Blake ( 30 January 1921 -- 6 March 1990 ) was a professional New Zealand broadcaster in the mid to late twentieth century .
David Roblin ( April 19 , 1812 - -March 1 , 1863 ) was a lumber merchant and political figure in Canada West .
Geoffrey Chard AM ( born 9 August 1930 in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian opera singer .
Ben Ivory - Better Love ( Alle Farben Remix ) ( bitclap!/Warner Music Germany ) 2013 :
Stavros Labrakis ( Greek : Σταύρος Λαμπράκης ; born 26 February 1970 in Heraklion , Greece ) is a former Greek football player , and occasional manager .
Dilli Raman Regmi ( Nepali : डिल्लीरमण रेग्मी ) ( 1913 - -2001 ) was a scholar , iconic political figure and historian of Nepal .
Major General Sir Alfred William Robin KCMG CB ( 12 August 1860 -- 2 June 1935 ) was a New Zealand military leader .
María del Socorro Patricia Acevedo Limón ( born April 29 , 1959 in Mexico ) , better known as Patricia Acevedo , is a Latin American voice actress .
Nicole David is a soca music artist from Saint Lucia .
Gaël Fickou scored his first try for the France against the Auckland Blues on the summer 2013 tour to New Zealand According to Toulouse and France teammate , Maxime Médard , Fickou `` is one of the 10 best centres in the world and soon he will be number one .
Tasneem Noorani is a retired Pakistani bureaucrat who served as the Interior Secretary of Pakistan .
Drew McConnell ( born 10 November 1978 in Dublin , Ireland ) is the bass guitarist and backing vocalist with Babyshambles , the band formed and fronted by frontman of the Libertines , Pete Doherty .
Cristian Ríos ( born July 18 , 1980 in Santa Fe , Argentina ) is a footballer currently playing for Municipal Iquique of the Primera Division Chilena .
Saulius Kleiza ( born April 2 , 1964 in Kaunas ) is a retired shot putter and discus thrower from Lithuania , who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 .
Rena Owen ( born 22 July 1962 ) is a New Zealand actress in theatre , television and film .
Osama Omari ( Arabic : أسامة أومري ‎ ) ( born 10 January 1992 in Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Claudia Ciardone ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈklauðja sjarˈðone ) ; born on 1980 in Loma Hermosa , Argentina ) is an Argentine model , theatre actress and vedette who started her career after being the first person to be eliminated in Big Brother season 4 in Argentina , she was married with Ricardo `` El comandante '' Fort .
Ville Sorvali ( born 13 April 1980 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish musician and music journalist .
Samuel Jackman Prescod ( 1806 -- 26 September 1871 ) became the first person of African descent to be elected to the Parliament of Barbados , in 1843 .
Te Aitu - o - te - rangi Jury ( c. 1820 - -1854 ) was a New Zealand tribal founding mother , landowner and farmer .
Levente Pápa ( born 1975 May 9 . in Tata , Hungary ) is a Hungarian economist and politician , member and Chief Economist of Together party , board member since July 2014 .
Badr Al - Sulaitin ( born 16 July 1990 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who currently plays as a Midfielder for Al - Shabab and Saudi Arabia national football team .
Gert Bongers ( born 22 August 1948 ) is a retired cyclist from the Netherlands .
Princess Rishi ( 1197 - -1251 ) was an Empress of Japan .
Brian Gavin ( born 14 November 1957 ) is a fifth - generation diamond cutter from South Africa .
DJ Okawari is an independent Japanese DJ music producer born and based in Shizuoka , Japan .
Robin Korving ( born 29 July 1974 in Heerhugowaard , North Holland ) is a former hurdler from the Netherlands , best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1998 European Championships in Budapest , Hungary .
After his birth in Port Vila , capital of the Republic of Vanuatu , planted in the heart of the Paciﬁc near to Fiji , Jocelino Suta grew up in Wallis - etFutuna , a French archipeligo , from where his parents originated , and then in New Caledonia where he was educated from the age of 10 years .
Elenitza Canavati Hadjopulos ( born December 20 , 1972 in Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico ) is a Mexican politician and graduate in International Relations .
With 48 goals in 71 official appearances for Brazil , Zico is the fourth highest goalscorer for his national team .
Kongkiat Khomsiri ( Thai : ก้องเกียรติ โขมศิริ , born June 2 , 1975 , in Thailand ) is a Thai film director and screenwriter .
Joel Kanning ( born June 25 , 1973 in Milk River , Alberta Canada ) is an independent musician , composer and producer .
Charles Scerri ( born 29 May 1964 in Malta ) is a former professional footballer and current manager of the Malta Under 17 side , during his career , Scerri played for Floriana , Rabat Ajax , Sliema Wanderers , Hibernians , Hamrun Spartans , Qormi and St. Andrews .
Mohinder Singh Pujji was born in Simla , British India , on 14 August 1918 , the fourth son of Sardar Sohan Singh Pujji and his wife , Sant Kaur .
Hikule'o Malu ( Eko Malu ) is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented the Cook Islands national rugby league team in the 2013 World Cup .
Efrén Núñez Mata ( El Barrio , Juchitán de Zaragoza , Oaxaca , 9 July 1890 -- Mexico City 17 August 1974 ) was a Mexican medical doctor , teacher , poet , writer and academic .
Mary Jean Reimer ( born 22 May 1964 ) , also known as Yung Jing - Jing , is a Hong Kong solicitor and actress .
Gul Panag ( born Gulkirat Kaur Panag , 3 January 1979 ; Chandigarh , India ) is an Indian actress , voice actress , model , and former beauty queen who competed in the Miss Universe pageant .
José Mancisidor Ortiz was born on April 20 , 1894 , in Veracruz , Veracruz , Mexico , the fifth of eleven children to Jorge Tomás Mancisidor Oyarzábal ( 1860 - -1921 ) and Catalina Ortiz Alpuche :
Ádám Ficsor ( born 17 June 1980 ) is a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Civilian Intelligence Services of Hungary in 2009 .
Craig Busch ( born 18 December 1964 ) nicknamed `` The Lion Man '' , is a New Zealand television personality .
Túpac Huallpa and his people may not have understood that the Spaniards were using him to take control of Peru and steal the gold treasures of his country .
Salah Soliman ( Arabic : صلاح سليمان‎ ) ( born 20 January 1990 in Mit Ghamr , Dakahlia , Egypt ) is an Egyptian footballer .
Johannes Alfred Hultman ( 1861 - -1942 ) was a Swedish evangelist , singer , musician , composer and publisher , who spread the Good News in the United States and Sweden for over half a century .
Paul Schnabel ( born July 17 , 1948 in Bergen op Zoom ) is a Dutch sociologist and as of 2006 the director of an agency of the Dutch government called Sociaal en Cultureel Planbureau ( Netherlands Institute for Social Research ) , usually abbreviated as SCP ( or SCPB ) .
Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz ( ; born August 13 , 1926 ) , commonly known as Fidel Castro , is a Cuban politician and revolutionary who governed the Republic of Cuba as its Prime Minister from 1959 to 1976 and then its President from 1976 to 2008 .
He is the father of Ismail El Shafei and grandfather of Adli El Shafei II . Played 32 matches for Egypt in Davis cup
Pascale Nadeau ( born April 2 , 1960 ) is a Canadian news presenter for Télévision de Radio - Canada from Quebec .
Sulyman Age Abdulkareem is a professor of chemical engineering and former vice chancellor of Al - Hikmah University in Ilorin , Nigeria .
Ahti Vilppula ( born 1959 ) is a Finnish business man born in Finland .
Bahram Hooshyar ( Persian : بهرام هوشیار‎ ) ( 1938 - -1991 ) was a commander of the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force ( IRIAF ) and an important strategist in the Iran--
Masterok ( also spelled `` Masterock '' ) is a children 's music band from Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine .
Ien Lucas ( born Echt , the Netherlands , 1955 ) , is a Dutch visual artist .
José Luis Tejada Sorzano ( January 12 , 1882 -- October 4 , 1938 ) was a Bolivian lawyer and politician appointed by the military as president of Bolivia during the Chaco War .
Bert Sas ( 1 August 1892 -- 20 October 1948 ) was the Netherlands military attaché in Berlin at the time of the German invasion of the Netherlands in May 1940 .
Jade Louise ( born 15 June 1983 ) is an Australian - New Zealand singer who is best known for her hit single `` Vibrations '' ( featuring Savage ) which was the opening theme of the television series The GC and reached number seven on the New Zealand Singles Chart in 2012 .
Albin Nyamoya ( 27 July 1924 - -31 January 2001 ) was Prime Minister of Burundi from 6 April 1964 to 7 January 1965 and again from 15 July 1972 to 5 June 1973 .
Lerato Chabangu ( born 15 August 1985 in Tembisa , Gauteng ) is a South African football ( soccer ) striker and midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Chippa United and South Africa .
Jodie Rimmer ( born 1974 ) is a New Zealand voice and performer actress best known for starring on Young Hercules , .
Mehdi Aidet ( born 3 November 1953 ) represented Algeria in the 800 m and the 1500 m at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games he qualified for the next round in both events before being eliminated , he then went on to compete in the 1500 m at the 1984 Summer Olympic Games .
Éva Ráduly - Zörgő ( Éva Ileana Ráduly - Zörgő ; born October 23 , 1954 in Cluj ) is a former javelin thrower from Romania , who set her personal best in 1980 , throwing 68.80 metres .
Joaquim José Inácio , Viscount of Inhaúma ( 1 August 1808 -- 8 March 1869 ) was a naval officer , politician and monarchist of the Empire of Brazil .
Erika Lehmann ( 1917 - - ? ) was a spy for Nazi Germany during World War II . By most accounts , she was born in Oberschopfheim , Germany .
Claire Kersten ( born 9 July 1989 ) is a New Zealand netball player who plays in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Central Pulse .
Rosiah Chik or Rosiah Abdul Manaf ( 1931 - 2006 ) was Malay traditional singer particularly of asli and ghazal songs , made famous in the 1960s-1970s in Malaysia .
Orlando Mitchum ( born May 19 , 1987 ) is a Kittitan footballer currently plays for Antigua Barracuda FC in the USL Professional Division , and for the Saint Kitts and Nevis national team .
Jelena Vuković ( born 1975 ) is a paralympic athlete from Croatia competing mainly in category F42 shot putt and discus events .
Tatiana Poutchek ( Belarusian : Таццяна Мікалаеўна Пучак ; Russian : Татьяна Николаевна Пучек ; born 9 January 1979 ) is a tennis player from Belarus .
Jonas Öberg ( born 22 November 1977 in Sweden ) is a free and open source software activist , describing himself as an instigator in the world of free , having worked with the Free Software Foundation Europe , GNU Project , FSCONS , Creative Commons and the Shuttleworth Foundation .
Niels Duinker ( born 9 August 1985 in Rotterdam ) is a professional comedy juggler from the Netherlands .
John Alexander Macdonald Armstrong ( November 19 , 1877 in King Township , Ontario , Canada -- February 2 , 1926 ) was a Canadian politician , conveyancer and real estate agent .
Jethro Mohlala , commonly known as Lovers Mohlala , ( born 26 April 1975 ) is a South African former footballer who played professionally as a left - fullback in Greece and South Africa .
Dave Whitlock ( born July 2 , 1966 in Wyoming , Ontario , Canada ) is a former Canadian race car driver in the NASCAR Canadian Tire Series .
As of 2012 J. Kanakaraj was a member of the Tamil Nadu branch of Transparency International India .
According to the Comité Olímpico de Chile , Luis Subercaseaux Errázuriz competed at the age of 15 in the 100 , 400 and 800 metres although many Olympic historians dispute this claim and maintain that , although he was entered in these events , he did not take part in any race .
The stories are set in what Guareschi refers to as the `` small world '' of rural Italy after World War II . Most of the Don Camillo stories came out in the weekly magazine Candido , founded by Guareschi with Giovanni Mosca .
Hendrik Floris Cohen ( born Haarlem , Netherlands July 1 , 1946 ) is a historian of science .
Daniela Rocca ( 12 September 1937 in Acireale , Italy -- 28 May 1995 in Milo , Italy ) was an Italian model and actress .
However , Luiz Adriano did not have Ukrainian passport when he was representing Brazil youth team , which made him ineligible to countries other than Brazil ( or his ancestral countries ) .
Anne Marie DeCicco - Best ( born April 1964 ) was the 60th and longest - serving mayor of London , Ontario , Canada .
Fabienne Serrat ( born July 5 , 1956 , in Le Bourg - d'Oisans , France ) is a former world champion alpine ski racer .
Maziar Miri graduated in editing , and started his career with making documentaries about Iran .
Princess Tokushi(篤子内親王 ) ( 1060 - -1114 ) was a princess and an Empress consort of Japan .
Vincenzo Laera ( born 1966 , Milan , Italy ) , is an Italian photographer
Based in Israel , Asher Swissa , has been producing psytrance since 1998 .
Albert Viljam Hagelin ( 24 April 1881 -- 25 May 1946 ) was a Norwegian businessman and opera singer who became the Minister of Domestic Affairs in the Quisling regime , the puppet government headed by Vidkun Quisling during Germany 's World War II occupation of Norway .
Richard Duncan Fraser ( ca . 1784 -- April 1 , 1857 ) was a fur trader , businessman , farmer and political figure in Upper Canada .
Martin Blanes ( born 1980 in Ourense , Spain ) is a Galician guitarist , ethnomusicologist and composer .
Ben Burrell ( born 7 May 1987 ) is a radio presenter from the United Kingdom , currently presenting regional drive time on Free Radio Coventry & Warwickshire ( Weekdays 4 - 7pm ) and a number of shows on Gem 106 .
Karl Martin Axén ( born 1 April 1973 in Uråsa , Sweden ) is a guitarist in the Glam - rock band The Ark. Axén lived with his family in Kenya from the age of four to seven .
Momčilo Krajišnik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Момчило Крајишник ; born 20 January 1945 , Zabrđe , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a former Bosnian Serb leader convicted of persecution , deportation , and forced population transfer during the 1992 - -95 Bosnian War .
Mahamed Habib N'Diaye ( born 17 January 1986 in Miakaramandougou ) is a football player from Mali who plays central defender .
Anat Cohen is a New York City - based jazz clarinetist , saxophonist , and bandleader originally from Tel Aviv , Israel .
Jun Kondo ( 近藤 淳 Kondō Jun , born on February 6 , 1930 ) is a theoretical physicist in Japan .
Alonso Ancira ( born 1956 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican businessman who is the controlling shareholder and Chairman of the Board of Altos Hornos de Mexico ( `` AHMSA '' ) .
Lê Huỳnh Đức ( born April 20 , 1972 in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese football manager and former footballer currently coaching SHB Đà Nẵng of the V - League .
Karolos Trikolidis ( German : Karl Kaspar Trikolidis , Greek : Κάρολος Τρικολίδης ) is a conductor of Greek - Austrian origin , born on July 24 , 1947 in Bad Aussee , Austria .
Deborah Joy Corey ( born 1958 in Temperance Vale , New Brunswick ) is a Canadian writer whose first novel , Losing Eddie won the 1994 Books in Canada First Novel Award .
Jacques or Jácome Ratton ( Monestier de Briançon , Hautes - Alpes , 7 July 1736 -- Paris , 3 July 1820 ) was a Franco - Portuguese businessman , who was a leading figure in the mainly foreign group of industrialists in 18th century Portugal .
Don José Manterola Beldarrain ( 1849 - -1884 ) , born in San Sebastián , Gipuzkoa , Spain , was a Basque writer who founded one of the most influential movements for cultivating the Basque language .
Shri O. T. Lepcha a politician from Sikkim Democratic Front party is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Sikkim in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament .
P. Kesava Pillai ( 20 July 1904 -- 1 July 1983 ) , better known by his pen - name P. Kesavadev , was a novelist and social reformer of Kerala state , South India .
Hugo Homer Ross ( 1847 -- July 11 , 1913 ) was an educator , merchant and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Louis Roméo Beaudry ( February 25 , 1882 -- May 6 , 1932 ) was a French Canadian author , composer , pianist and record producer , who established Éditions Radio and served as the director general of the Starr Records company of Canada as a music producer .
Geir Bjørklund ( born April 20 , 1969 in Mo i Rana , Norway ) is an independent researcher , medical / health science writer , freelance journalist , editor , and advisor to international scientific journals .
Mariam Hakobyan ( Armenian : Մարիամ Հակոբյան ; born 1949 in Yerevan , Armenia ) is an Armenian sculptor based in Yerevan , Armenia .
Hideki Matsutake ( born August 12 , 1951 in Yokohama , Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan ) is a Japanese composer , arranger , and computer programmer .
Arminio Fraga ( born 20 July 1957 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian economist who was president of the Central Bank of Brazil from 1999 to 2002 .
Luc Sante ( born 25 May 1954 , Verviers , Belgium ) is a writer and critic .
Marc Vallot ( 4 May 1962 -- 26 February 2001 ) was one of several highly talented Belgian -78 kg judoka from Belgium during the 1980s and early 1990s .
Nasir P. Ramlee was the son of Malaysia 's Silver - Screen Legend P. Ramlee .
Arnoldo Rueda Medina ( born 15 December 1969 ) is a former Mexican drug lord and high - ranking leader of La Familia Michoacana , a drug trafficking organization which is based in Michoacán , Mexico .
John Ruganda ( 30 May 1941 to 8 December 2007 ) was Uganda 's best known playwright .
Pascal Barré ( born 12 April 1959 in Houilles , Yvelines ) is a former track and field athlete from France who competed mainly in the 100/200 metres .
Pravrajika Bhaktiprana , a Hindu sannyasini , is the fourth president of the Sri Sarada Math and Ramakrishna Sarada Mission , Dakshineswar , in Kolkata , India .
In 2002 Olga Kabo joined the Mossovet Theatre troupe ; that year she was honoured with the Meritorious Artist of Russia title .
Kevin Proctor ( born 28 February 1989 in Te Kuiti , New Zealand ) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Melbourne Storm of the National Rugby League .
Dean Collis ( born 21 October 1985 in Campbelltown , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian professional rugby league player who is currently without a club .
María de Salinas , Baroness Willoughby de Eresby ( ca . 1490 -- 1539 ) was a noblewoman from Spain .
Mathias Lauridsen ( born January 13 , 1984 ) is a Danish model from Denmark .
Roman Golanowski ( born 14 January 1969 ) is a retired long jumper from Poland .
Prince August Leopold of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha ( December 6 , 1867 -- October 11 , 1922 ) , known in Brazil as Dom Augusto Leopoldo , was a prince of the house of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha and a Prince of the Empire of Brazil .
Tupac Mantilla is a Grammy - nominated Percussionist from Bogotá , Colombia ( born October 21 , 1978 -- Age 36 ) .
Ludovic Bruni ( born 1976 in Hyères , France ) is a French guitarist , bassist and music producer .
Rogelio Montemayor Seguy ( born August 18 , 1947 Mexico City ) is a Mexican politician and economist who served as the Governor of Coahuila from December 1 , 1993 , to November 30 , 1999 .
Lala Yusifova ( Azerbaijani : Lalə Yusifova , born October 16 , 1996 in Baku , Azerbaijan ) is a retired Azerbaijani rhythmic gymnast .
Carl Adolph Dahl was born at Aave in Rekefjord at Sokndal , in Rogaland , Norway .
Theodora Cormontan ( 9 June 1840 -- 26 October 1922 ) was a Norwegian American pianist , music publisher and composer , one of the first Norwegian women to have her classical compositions published and widely performed , and the first woman to start a music publishing business in Norway .
Mona Grudt Bittrick ( born 6 April 1971 in Hell , Stjørdal , Norway ) is a Norwegian TV Host , dancer , editor and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Universe 1990 .
Arati Vaidya ( Hindi : आरती वैद्य ; b. 2 July 1970 in Pune , India ) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India .
Cornelia Polit ( born 18 February 1963 ) is a former swimmer from East Germany .
Ange - Félix Patassé ( January 25 , 1937 -- April 5 , 2011 ) was a Central African politician who was President of the Central African Republic from 1993 until 2003 , when he was deposed by the rebel leader François Bozizé .
Jørgen Ingmann ( 26 April 1925 -- 21 March 2015 ) was a jazz and pop guitarist from Copenhagen , Denmark .
Edmund Ser ( Chinese : 史振华 ; pinyin : Shǐ Zhèn Huá ) ( born Ser Chen Huah , 11 November 1955 ) is a Malaysian fashion designer and businessman based in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Alfred Redl ( March 14 , 1864 -- May 25 , 1913 ) was an Austrian officer who rose to head the counter - intelligence efforts of Austria - Hungary .
Elia Karina Rivero Molnar ( born in Valera , Venezuela on October 20 , 1985 ) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant contestant .
Vilhelm Uchermann ( 23 November 1852 -- 24 February 1929 ) was a Norwegian physician , and the first otorhinolaryngologist in Norway .
Altan Khan also founded the city of Köke Khota ( Hohhot , meaning `` The Blue City '' ) , now the capital of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
Erika Yamasaki ( born 2 September 1987 , Darwin , Australia ) is an Australian weightlifter .
Veli Küçük ( born 9 May 1944 , Türkmen , Gölpazarı , Bilecik , Turkey ) is a retired Turkish brigadier - general .
Caroline Jackson ( born 5 November 1946 in Penzance , Cornwall ) is a politician in the United Kingdom .
Lindel Frater ( born 13 November 1977 in Trelawny , Jamaica ) is a former sprinter who specialised in the 60 metres and 100 metres events .
Mao Hengfeng ( simplified Chinese : 毛恒凤 ; Traditional Chinese : 毛恆風 ; pinyin : Máo Héngfēng ; born 9 December 1961 ) is a women 's rights and human rights activist in the People 's Republic of China .
Yogendra Makwana ( born 1933 ) is an Indian politician and a former union minister of India .
Abukar Hassan Mohamoud , also known as Kadaf , ( 1969 ? -- 28 February 2012 ) was a Somali activist and the manager / director for the independent Somaliweyn Radio in Mogadishu , Somalia .
Janneke Vos ( born 20 March 1977 ) was a Dutch professional racing cyclist from Kockengen , Netherlands .
Georgie Davis ( artist name of Kees Rietveld , born 1969 , The Hague , Netherlands ) is a Dutch singer , who was one of the first participants of the Soundmixshow in 1985 .
Vakhtang Murvanidze ( Georgian : ვახტანგ მურვანიძე ; born October 13 , 1979 in Tbilisi , Georgia ) is a Georgian figure skater .
Samuel Johnathan Lane ( 1830 -- January 28 , 1891 ) was an English - born barrister and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Hafizuddin Ahmed is a retired Bangladesh Army major and a former member of the Bangladesh parliament .
Derartu Tulu ( Amharic : ደራርቱ ቱሉ ; born March 21 , 1972 in Bekoji , Ethiopia ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner , who competed in track , cross country running , and road running up to the marathon distance .
Niall Buggy ( born October 3 , 1948 ) is an Irish actor who has worked extensively on the stage and screen in Ireland , the UK and the US .
Grzegorz Polkowski ( born in Warsaw on 31 October 1983 ) is a Paralympic swimmer of Poland .
Born in 1863 in Nuremberg , Germany , Siegfried Bettmann moved to England in 1885 , and settled in Coventry .
Marco Zanetti ( born 10 April 1962 ) is an Italian professional three - cushion billiards player and a two - time world champion from Bolzano , Italy .
Luc Larivée ( January 17 , 1927 -- July 30 , 2007 ) was a physician and politician in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Nasrat Sharqi ( Persian : نصرت شرقي‎ ) is a singer from Afghanistan .
Jadallah Azzuz at - Talhi ( Arabic : جاد الله عزوز الطلحي‎ ) is a Libyan diplomat and politician who served as prime minister of Libya for two terms .
Ezequiel Rodríguez ( Born April 11 , 1977 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , is an Argentine actor .
Graciela Dixon is a former Chief Justice of the Corte Suprema de Justicia de Panamá ( Supreme Court of Panama ) .
Gundars Daudze ( born May 9 , 1965 , Riga ) is a Latvian physician and politician , Speaker of the 9th Saeima ( parliament ) of Latvia ( 2007 - 2010 ) .
Timothy Grucza ( born 1 July 1976 , Melbourne , Australia ) is a cameraman and documentary film maker .
Aaron James Sorensen ( born Peace River , Alberta , Canada ) is a musician , writer , producer , and film director .
Ankeet Chavan ( born 28 October 1985 in Bombay , Maharashtra , India ) is a former cricketer who played for Mumbai in Indian domestic cricket .
Gavin Wilkinson ( born 5 November 1973 ) is a former New Zealand footballer and current technical director of Portland Timbers .
Fujiwara no Junshi ( 957 - -1017 ) was an Empress consort of Japan .
Jan Molander died on 30 June 2009 , at the age of 89 , and a tribute to him by Rutger Barnekow and Mats Qviberg was published in the 3 July 2009 edition of Sweden 's largest - circulation morning newspaper , Dagens Nyheter .
DJCXL is a New Zealand hip hop DJ , producer and member of the band Ill Semantics .
Miha Pirih ( born March 10 , 1978 in Jesenice ) is a Slovenian rower who represented Slovenia at three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 2000 .
Ivo Müller , ( born 6 December 1977 ) is a Brazilian actor , known for his role in the European co - production Tabu , for which he was the only actor in the main cast to be from Brazil .
Prokofy Dzhaparidze was born in Schardometi village of Racha , Kutaisi Governorate in the Russian Empire ( present - day Racha - Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti , Republic of Georgia ) to a Georgian family of landowners .
Guillaume Florent ( born October 13 , 1973 in Dunkirk , France ) is a French sailor and Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Mohammad Reza Adelkhani ( Persian : محمدرضا عادلخانی‎ ) ( born February 13 , 1947 in Tehran , Iran ) is a retired Iranian footballer and former Iran national football team player .
Raisa Nedashkovskaya ( Ukrainian : Раїса Недашківська Rayisa Nedashkivska , Russian : Раиса Недашковская ; 17 February 1943 , Malyn , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian and Soviet - era theater and cinema actress .
Jean Borella ( born in Nancy , France , 1930 ) is a Christian philosopher and theologian .
Béatrice Schönberg ( née Béatrice Szabo ; 9 May 1953 ) is a French TV journalist on France 2 for the 8 pm weekend news .
Srećko Pejović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Срећко Пејовић ; born 5 July 1953 ) , is a Serbian sport shooter who competed for Yugoslavia at the 1976 , 1980 and 1988 Olympic Games .
Mahmud Yayale Ahmed , CFR ( born April 15 , 1952 ) is a Nigerian politician from Azare , Bauchi State , and was Defence Minister of Nigeria .
Abdul Rauf al - Kasm ( Arabic : عبد الرؤوف الكسم‎ ) ( born 1932 ) is a Syrian architect , academic and politician who served as prime minister of Syria during the 1980s .
Flávia Nadalutti ( born March 18 , 1961 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a former international butterfly and medley swimmer from Brazil , who participated in a Summer Olympics for her native country .
Osymyso ( real name Mark Nicholson ) is a musician and DJ from the United Kingdom who specialises in the genres of mashup / bastard pop and breakbeat .
Preeti Mankotia was an Indian model and winner of Miss India in 1995 .
Elie Rous , or Ely Rous ( 10 September 1909 -- ? ) was an English , football manager , active primarily in France .
Amanda Harrison is an Australian actress and singer , known for her roles in Wicked ( Elphaba ) We Will Rock You ( Meat u / s -UK , and Oz- Australia ) and for originating the role of Paula Pokrifki in the world premiere of An Officer and A Gentleman .
Suranga Adikari ( born 22 September 1979 ) hails from Kurunegala , Sri Lanka .
Berhane Gebre - Christos was born in Mekelle , a city in Enderta county , part of Tigray province of Ethiopia on 6 March 1953 , he was the Ethiopian Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2010 to 2012 .
Cayo Sila Godoy ( 4 December 1919 -- 2 September 2014 ) , was an accomplished classical guitarist from Paraguay .
Matěj Vydra ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmacɛj ˈvɪdra ) , born 1 May 1992 ) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Reading on loan from Watford and the Czech Republic national team .
Holger Voss is a German Internet user who was sued in January 2003 for a sarcastic comment pertaining to the September 11 , 2001 attacks in an Internet discussion forum , a case that attracted nationwide attention in Germany .
Santiago Gómez Cora ( born July 25 , 1978 ) is a former rugby union sevens player for Argentina .
Andy LaPlegua , born September 15 , 1975 in Fredrikstad , Norway , is a musician originally known for being founder and lead vocalist of the futurepop band Icon of Coil .
Kerry Bevin was leader of The Republic of New Zealand Party , and was a list candidate for the 2005 and 2008 general elections .
Shamdat Sainudeen is a cinematographer from Kerala , India .
Virginia Blackmore , better known by her stage name Ginny Blackmore , is a singer and songwriter from Auckland , New Zealand .
Anant Shivaji Desai ( Marathi : अनंत शिवाजी देसाई ) ( born on 17 October 1853 in Walawal , nicknamed Bhausaheb Topiwalla ) was an Indian businessman from the erstwhile Sawantwadi State in British India .
When in 1954 professional football was introduced in the Netherlands the already 33-year - old Abe Lenstra moved from VV Heerenveen to the bigger SC Enschede .
Gavin Broder ( born 1963 ) is the former Chief Rabbi of Ireland , serving from 1996 to October , 2000 .
Born on November 20 , 1929 in Calais , France , Raymond Lefèvre is best known for his 1968 theme `` Soul Coaxing ( Ame Caline ) '' , which became an international hit .
Marline Yan ( born January 9 , 1993 in St. Thomas , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian actress and singer .
Nidal Algafari is director of the documentary film ' Syria - history and legends ' .
Martín Varsavsky ( born in Buenos Aires in 1960 ) is an Argentine entrepreneur based in Spain who founded several companies worldwide , including Urban Capital , Medicorp Sciences , Viatel , Jazztel , EINSTEINet , Ya.com , Eolia and FON .
Tionette Stoddard aka T - Dog ( born 24 September 1974 in Queensland , Australia ) is a New Zealand skeleton racer who has competed since 2004 .
Marie Colinet was born in Geneva , Switzerland in 1560 , the daughter of a Swiss printer .
Emily Nishikawa ( born July 26 , 1989 in Whitehorse , Yukon Canada ) is a Canadian cross - country skier .
The Times of India said `` Amol Parashar looks promising '' .
Mohammad Ghazi Najafabadi ( Persian : محمد قاضی نجف‌آبادی‎‎ ; born December 30 , 1984 ) is an Iranian Football striker who currently plays for Saba Qom in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Alex Blignaut ( 30 November 1932 in Johannesburg -- 15 January 2001 in Honeydew , Johannesburg ) was a racing driver and motor racing team owner from South Africa .
Somporn Yos ( Thai : สมพร ยศ , born June 23 , 1993 in Thailand ) , or simply known as Ton ( Thai : ต้น ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand He currently plays for BEC Tero Sasana in the Thai Premier League .
Annika Duckmark , ( born September 17 , 1971 in Borås , Västergötland , Sweden ) is a Swedish television presenter .
Francis Oswald Bennett ( 19 February 1898 -- 4 August 1976 ) was a New Zealand doctor , military medical administrator and writer .
Rattanai Songsangchan ( Thai : รัตนัย ส่องแสงจันทร์ , born 10 June 1995 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Omar Bakri Muhammad ( Arabic : عمر بکری فستق‎ ; born Omar Bakri Fostock in 1958 ) is a Syrian Salafi Islamist ' militant ' leader , born in Syria , Aleppo to Syrian parents .
Harold Wilfred Youren ( 1910 - -1983 ) was a notable New Zealand lawyer , farmer , farmers '' advocate and peace campaigner .
He is represented on the Behistun inscription and on Darius ' tomb in Naqsh - e Rustam , as Gobryas from Pâtišuvariš , the lance carrier of king Darius Pâtišuvariš may be the mountainous region north of Alborz in northern Iran , probably Mazandaran .
Stephanie Marrian ( born 9 October 1948 in Singapore ) is a former Page 3 model in The Sun , pop star , TV and film actress .
Vijay Antony was born in Trichy and studied in St . Xavier Higher Secondary School , Tirunelveli Tamil Nadu , India .
Henri - Joseph Rigel ( 9 February 1741 -- 2 May 1799 ) was a German - born composer of the Classical era who spent most of his working life in France .
Luis García Postigo ( born June 1 , 1969 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a former international Mexican footballer , primarily as a striker ; he also played as a winger .
Bruno Aranda Pertile ( born in Asunción , Paraguay , May 17 , 1994 ) is a visual artist , known for his drawings of celebrities , including Fergie , Josh Duhamel , Kristen Stewart and Avril Lavigne .
Wincenty Gostkowski ( March 29 , 1807 -- August 29 , 1884 ) was a lawyer and associate of Antoni Patek and Adrien Philippe in the watchmaker Patek Philippe & Co. in Geneva , Switzerland .
Hossein Kalani ( born January 23 , 1945 in Tehran ) is a retired Iranian football striker who played for Shahin , Persepolis , Paykan Tehran , Shahbaz and the Iran national football team .
Bent Fabricius - Bjerre ( born December 7 , 1924 in Frederiksberg , Denmark ) , better known internationally as Bent Fabric , is a Danish pianist and composer .
Siddiq Barmak ( Persian : صدیق برمک‎ , born September 7 , 1962 in Panjshir , Afghanistan ) is a Golden Globe - winner Afghan film director and producer .
Valto Kokko ( born in 1933 ) studied at the Free Art School of Unto Pusa and the metal arts department of the Institute of Industrial Arts , in Finland , from 1958 till 1961 .
Surujrattan Rambachan is a Trinidad and Tobago politician , academic and cultural activist who As of 2013 was the Works and Infrastructure Minister of Trinidad and Tobago and deputy political leader of the United National Congress Party ( UNC ) and member of parliament for Tabaquite .
Martin Harvey ( born 19 September 1941 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) was a Northern Irish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Northern Ireland national football team as a wing half .
Torkel Ravndal ( October 14 , 1936 -- September 14 , 2004 ) was a weightlifter and powerlifter from Sandnes , Norway .
During a time when women in Saudi Arabia lacked educational opportunities , Fawziyya Abu Khalid was fortunate enough to receive an education .
Chin Saik Yoon is the head of Southbound , an academic publishing house based in Penang , Malaysia .
Jayadeva Uyangoda is a political scientist and constitutional expert in Sri Lanka .
Nicolas Vouilloz ( born 8 February 1976 in Nice , France ) is a French former professional mountain biker and rally driver .
Conchi Sánchez was the first captain of the Spain national team in 1972 .
Aase Texmon Rygh , born April 13 , 1925 in Troms County , Norway , is a Norwegian modernist sculptor .
In January 1933 the NSDAP ( Nazi Party ) took power in Germany and early in 1934 the Vossische Zeitung was closed down which left Bruno Kaiser without a job .
Facundo Gambandé ( born January 10 , 1990 , Córdoba , Argentina ) , is an Argentine actor and singer .
Tarek Jabban ( Arabic : طارق جبان‎ ) ( born 11 December 1975 in Damascus , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Moncef El Materi ( born 20 November 1934 ) is a Tunisian businessman and former commanding officer of the artillery of Tunisia .
Ivan Zammit ( born 17 March 1972 in Valletta , Malta ) is a former professional footballer , currently the head coach at Maltese First Division side Gzira United .
Saketharaman ( born on Nov 24,1982 ) is a performing musician of Carnatic music in India .
Julia Wilson ( born 23 September 1978 in Sydney ) is a rower from Australia , who won World Rowing Championships gold medals in the Eight and Four for her native country in 2001 and picked up a silver medal in the Eight at the 2002 World Championship .
Joseph Oscar Lefebre Boulanger ( born November 3 , 1888 in Saint - Charles - de - Bellechasse , Quebec , Canada - died July 21 , 1958 ) was a Canadian politician and lawyer .
Román Recarte ( b. Caracas , June 7 , 1987 ) is a tennis player from Venezuela .
Sir Pherozeshah Mehta , KCIE ( 4 August 1845 -- 5 November 1915 ) was a Parsi Indian political leader , activist , and a leading lawyer of Mumbai ( formerly known as Bombay ) , India , who was knighted by the British Government in India for his service to the law .
Rod Kemp and Marion Stanton ( eds ) , Speaking for Australia :
Jason Donnelly is a New Zealand former rugby league player who played professionally and represented his country .
Humayun Khan Mandokhel ( Urdu : حمايون خان مندوخيل‎ ) is a independent Senator from Balochistan , Pakistan .
Babette Preußler ( born 28 September 1968 in Berlin , Germany ) is a former East German pair skater .
Shanawdithit ( ca . 1801 -- June 6 , 1829 ) , also noted as Shawnadithititis , Shawnawdithit , Nancy April and Nancy Shanawdithit , was the last known living member of the Beothuk people of Newfoundland , Canada .
Peter Kormos ( October 7 , 1952 -- March 30 , 2013 ) was a politician in Welland , Ontario , Canada .
Lindi Ortega is from Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
César Gándara is a short story writer and novelist born in Guaymas , Sonora , Mexico in 1971 .
Stephan van den Berg ( born 20 February 1962 ) is a retired windsurfer from the Netherlands .
Hüseyin Kemal Gürmen ( born 1901 , Istanbul , Turkey ; died March 1 , 1974 , Istanbul ) was a Turkish theater and cinema actor .
He is married to Jette Egelund which is second generation in the company Vipp and it is in the company 's buildings on Islands Brygge that he has established Denmark 's first private concert hall for classical chamber music , Mogens Dahl Concert Hall , which is celebrated with the P2 price from Denmark 's Radio .
Tero Civill ( born 1976 in Nokia , Finland ) is a Finnish DJ and composer of music for records , theater and television .
Sabine Deitmer was born in Jena in Germany in 1947 and brought up in Düsseldorf before studying literature and languages in Bonn .
Sahr Randolf Fillie - Faboe ( born in Kono District , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean politician and diplomat .
Roberto Cocco ( born May 16 , 1977 ) is an Italian super middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer and boxer , fighting out of Dojo Miura in his home town of Turin , Italy .
Antonis Ladakis ( Greek : Αντώνης Λαδάκης ; born 25 January 1982 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Panthrakikos in Superleague Greece .
Saint Matthew the Potter was originally from Bishnai in Egypt .
Guadalupe Marín ( October 16 , 1895 -- 1983 ) , born María Guadalupe Marín Preciado , was a model and novelist , born in Ciudad Guzmán , Jalisco , Mexico .
Rungtham Pumseenil ( born 29 October 1973 ) is a Thai television producer and creative professional of game show , quiz show and reality television in Thailand .
Suzanne Lynch MNZM ( née Donaldson , born in 1951 ) is a New Zealand singer who has worked professionally under the names Suzanne Donaldson , Suzanne Lynch and Suzanne .
Wayne Briggs ( born 24 June 1944 ) in Christchurch , New Zealand is a former speedway rider and a younger brother of Barry Briggs .
Pudlo Pudlat ( Pudlo ) , ( February 4 , 1916 at Kamadjuak Camp , Baffin Island , Canada , - December 28 , 1992 , at Cape Dorset ) was an Inuit artist whose preferred medium was a combination of acrylic wash and coloured pencils .
Meier was born in Mühldorf am Inn , Bavaria , Germany and after leaving school at the age of 14 years , Georg Meier became an apprentice at a local motor - cycle repair shop in Mühldorf am Inn in Bavaria and became known as `` Schorsch '' ( the Bavarian diminutive for Georg ) Meier .
Phisit Intharathat trained and served as a paratrooper in his native Thailand 's Border Patrol Police .
Brunei Brunei Marsal Maun was posthumously granted the soubriquet Bapa Perlembagaan ( Father of the Constitution ) .
William Garvie ( 1837 -- December 15 , 1872 ) was a lawyer , journalist and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Laurent Kavakure ( born January 5 , 1959 ) is a Burundian diplomat and politician who served the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Burundi from November 2011 to May 2015 .
Jean - Marie Ducharme ( July 19 , 1723 -- July 20 , 1807 ) was a fur trader and political figure in New France , British Quebec , and Lower Canada .
Marian Kotleba ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈmariaŋ ˈkotleba ) ; born 7 April 1977 in Banská Bystrica ) is a Slovak politician and leader of the far - right People 's Party - Our Slovakia political party .
K. Chandana ( Sinhalese : K. චන්දන , died June 2008 ) was a soldier in the Sri Lanka Army .
Dor Bahadur Bista ( Nepali : डोर बहादुर बिस्ट ) is the best - known anthropologist , social scientist and activist of Nepal .
Antipas Mbusa Nyamwisi ( born November 15 , 1959 in North Kivu ) is a politician and former rebel leader in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Royce Cronin is a New Zealand born actor that has had main acting roles in the UK .
Elisa Nájera Gualito ( born August 16 , 1986 in Celaya , Guanajuato ) is a Mexican TV Host , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Nuestra Belleza Mexico on October 5 , 2007 in Manzanillo , Colima .
David - Vital Landry ( July 14 , 1866 -- December 18 , 1929 ) was a doctor , farmer and political figure of Acadian descent in New Brunswick , Canada .
Werner Teske ( 24 April 1942 -- 26 June 1981 ) was a Hauptmann ( Captain ) of the Ministry for State Security of East Germany who was executed after having been found guilty of `` planned treason '' .
Helmut Hauptmann ( 12 March 1928 ) is a German writer who was mainly active in the then East Germany .
Carlos Ott ( born October 16 , 1946 , in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan architect who resides in Canada and many other countries .
Ivan Farmakovsky ( born February 1 , 1973 , Moscow , Russia ) is a Russian jazz pianist , composer and arranger .
Philippe Lavil ( born on 26 September 1947 in Fort - de - France , Martinique ) , pseudonym of Philippe Durand de La Villejégu du Fresnay , is a French singer .
Dominique Cerutti ( born January 3 , 1961 in Manosque , France ) is a French businessman and has been Chairman and CEO of the Altran group since June 2015 .
Maznah Ismail ( 1 January 1956 - 2 November 2001 ) , better known as Mona Fandey , was a pop singer , witch doctor , and a murderer from Malaysia .
Janusz Rokicki ( born 16 August 1974 in Wisła ) is a paralympic athlete from Poland competing mainly in category F58 shot put and discus events .
Per Tengstrand ( born 1968 , Växjö , Sweden ) is a Swedish pianist .
Magister Martinus von Biberach ( German : ( fɔn ˈbiːbəʀax ) ; died 1498 ) was a theologian from Heilbronn , Germany .
Abdul Rahim Hatif ( Pashto : عبدالرحیم هاتف‎ ; 20 May 1926 -- 19 August 2013 ) was a politician in Afghanistan .
John Thomas Peacock MLC JP ( 1827 -- 20 October 1905 ) was a New Zealand businessman , philanthropist and politician .
Consuelo Díez was born in Madrid , Spain , and studied at the Royal Conservatory of Music in Madrid with Anton Garcia Abril and Roman Alis .
Kennedy Kithuka ( born June 4 , 1989 in Thika , Kenya ) is a Kenyan cross country runner and Track for Texas Tech under head coach Wes Kittley .
Gilles Constantinian ( born October 27 , 1964 in Lyon , France ) is a former professional footballer .
Serhiy Marusyn ( born April 1 , 1958 , Kanadei , Ulyanovsk Oblast , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian coach and a former Soviet footballer , the best known for his participation with the Odessa Army Club .
Luca Moro ( 27 February 1973 -- 15 March 2014 ) was an Italian racing driver from Cagliari , Italy .
At the time , Lu Xun declared that Xiao Hong would one day surpass Ding Ling as China 's most celebrated female writer .
Georgios Stefanopoulos ( Greek : Γεώργιος Στεφανόπουλος ; born March 31 , 1962 in Peristeri , Attiki ) is a former boxer from Greece , who participated in two Summer Olympics for his native country in the men 's heavyweight division ( -- 91 kg ) , starting in 1984 in Los Angeles , California .
Tobias Blättler , born 11 October 1981 , in Lucerne , Switzerland , is a professional race car driver .
Michèle George ( born in Ostend on 2 January 1974 ) is a Paralympic equestrian of Belgium .
Muhammad Iqbal Choudhary , ( Urdu : محمد اقبال چودھری‎ born 11 September 1959 ) is a leading scientist and scholar in the field of organic chemistry from Pakistan .
Yoshikaze Masatsugu ( born March 19 , 1982 as Masatsugu Ōnishi ) is a sumo wrestler from Saiki , Oita Prefecture , Japan .
Thomas Borer ( born 1957 ) is a former diplomat of Switzerland .
Kyaw Thu ( Burmese : ကျော်သူ , pronounced : ( tɕɔ̀ θù ) ; born 2 November 1959 ) is a two - time Myanmar Academy Award winning film actor and film director .
Dapayk is an alias for the German musician , label owner and techno producer `` Niklas Worgt '' ( born February 8 , 1978 in Bad Frankenhausen , Germany ) .
Leonida Lari was born on October 26 , 1949 in Bursuceni , Moldovan SSR , one of the former Soviet Socialist Republics of the Soviet Union .
Evelina Stading ( 1803 , Stockholm , Sweden - 1829 , Rome , Italy ) , was a Swedish landscape painter .
Meera Mehta is a weaver and textile designer , based in Mumbai , India .
Olavi Uusivirta ( born in 1983 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish rock / pop singer , songwriter and actor .
Pálné Veres ( 1815 - -1895 ) was a Hungarian teacher and feminist , known for promoting women 's rights , opening the first secondary school for women in Hungary and founding the Hungarian National Association for Women 's Education .
Märta Berendes served as maid of honour to queen Christina of Sweden in 1652 - 1654 and to the next queen , Hedvig Eleonora of Holstein - Gottorp , in 1654 - 1656 .
Max Picard ( June 5 , 1888 in Schopfheim -- October 3 , 1965 in Sorengo , Switzerland ) was a Swiss writer , important as one of the few thinkers writing from a deeply Platonic sensibility in the 20th century .
Helen Mahon - Stroud is a New Zealand netball coach .
René Depestre ( born 29 August 1926 Jacmel , Haiti ) is a Haitian poet and former communist activist .
Nathalie Beaux - Grimal ( born 1960 ) is a French Egyptologist , a research associate at the Collège de France and the French Institute of Oriental Archaeology in Cairo ( IFAO ) .
Fernando de la Jara ( born 1948 in Lima , Peru ) is a Peruvian artist who has lived in Germany since 1987 .
Santiago José Celis ( 1782 in Ahuachapán - 1814 in San Salvador , El Salvador ) was a Salvadoran physician who participated in the 1811 Independence Movement .
Tony See is a philosopher based in Singapore .
Giovanni Silva de Oliveira ( born February 4 , 1972 in Abaetetuba ) , better known as Giovanni , is a retired football player from Brazil and currently a scout for Olympiacos .
Aisha Diori ( born 8 Sep , in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a community mobiliser , HIV / AIDS preventionist , educator , performer and named `` legendary mother '' in Ball culture .
Okyerema Asante is a master drummer from Ghana , famous for performing all parts of a traditional five - person drum group by himself .
Sergio Cragnotti ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈsɛrdʒo kraɲˈɲɔtti ) ; born January 9 , 1940 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian entrepreneur and author .
Sa'idu Ahmed Alkali ( b. 12 February 1969 ) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Gombe North constituency of Gombe State , Nigeria in August 2010 after the death of the incumbent senator Kawu Peto Dukku .
Jørgen Aall was elected to the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly , that drafted the Constitution of Norway in 1814 .
Mahmoud Anbarani ( Born in 1937 - Sabzevar - Iran ) poet , writer , translator and scholar of Persian ( Iran ) .
Fernando Rosas Pfingsthorn ( Valparaíso , August 7 , 1931 -- Santiago , October 5 , 2007 ) was a Chilean orchestra conductor and one of the founders of the Youth and Children 's Orchestras Foundation of Chile .
Johnny Arcilla ( born February 15 , 1980 ) is a Filipino tennis player who represents the Philippines in international competition .
Barney Clarke ( born 1 April 1927 ) is a former champion New Zealand Light heavyweight boxer .
Gaute Storaas ( born 20 August 1959 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( bass ) and Composer , and the older brother of Jazz pianist Vigleik Storaas .
Teresa Rohmann ( born July 24 , 1987 in Nuremberg ) is a medley swimmer from Germany .
Born María de los Ángeles Gulín Domínguez in Ribadavia , Spain , she moved with her family at the age of eight in Montevideo , Uruguay , where she studied singing with her father , who became a local music director who organized concerts in parks .
Jhakku Prasad Subedi ( Nepali : झक्कु प्रसाद सुवेदी ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Darko Dimitrov ( Macedonian : Дарко Димитров ( ˈdarkɔ ˈdimitrof ) ; born January 21 , 1973 in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia ( present - day Republic of Macedonia ) ) is a Macedonian record producer , songwriter , arranger and record executive .
René Redzepi ( born 16 December 1977 ) is a Danish chef and co - owner of the two - Michelin star restaurant Noma in the Christianshavn neighborhood of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Kirsty Carline ( née Broughton ) is a New Zealand netball coach and retired netball player .
Ghislain Deslandes is a professor and a researcher born in Angers ( France ) on the 16th of August 1970 .
Giovanni Caro ( born November 14 , 1983 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer of Russian descent in the Super Bantamweight division .
Mohamed Fairuz Fauzy ( born 24 October 1982 in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ) is a race car driver .
Szilveszter Matuska ( January 29 , 1892 -- disappeared c. 1945 ) , was a Hungarian mass murderer and mechanical engineer who made two successful and at least two unsuccessful attempts to derail passenger trains in Hungary , Germany and Austria in 1930 and 1931 .
Devendra Prabhudesai is an Indian biographer and manager of media relations and corporate affairs for BCCI in Mumbai , India .
Abbas Khattak , NI(M ) , SBt , ( born 16 July 1941 ) , is a retired four - star air officer in the Pakistan Air Force who served as the 14th Chief of Air Staff of the Pakistan Air Force from 8 November 1994 to 7 November 1997 .
Hakim Abdul Aziz ( Muhammad ' Abd al ' Aziz , 1855 - -1911 ) was a prominent Unani physician in British India .
On May 12 , 2013 , Gizem Güreşen married to Hüseyin Karadayı , a well - known disc jockey in Turkey .
Mathieu Deplagne ( born 1 October 1991 in Montpellier , France ) is a French footballer who currently plays as a right back for Ligue 1 side Montpellier HSC .
Charles Hardinge , 1st Baron Hardinge of Penshurst , KG GCB GCSI GCMG GCIE GCVO ISO PC ( 20 June 1858 -- 2 August 1944 ) was a British diplomat and statesman who served as Viceroy of India from 1910 - -16 .
Katia Benth ( born November 16 , 1975 in Cayenne ) is a retired sprinting athlete from French Guyana , who represented France in the international competitions .
Vartika Brij Nath Singh ( born October 13 , 1991 ) , simply known as Vartika Singh , is an Indian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Femina Miss India Grand 2015 on 28 March 2015 at Yash Raj Studios , Mumbai , India .
Mok Ying Ren ( born 6 July 1988 ) is a triathlete and long - distance runner from Singapore .
Ralf Braun ( born 24 January 1973 in Berlin ) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Germany , who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 ( Atlanta , Georgia ) .
Prof . Baij Nath Puri ( B. N. Puri ) ( born 25 January 1916 ) is a historian from India .
Friedrich Wilhelm Kritzinger ( 14 April 1890 -- 25 April 1947 ) was a German official and state secretary in the Reich Chancellery during the period of Nazi Germany .
Anselmo Cordeiro da Mata ( born March 12 , 1981 in Luanda , Angola ) , better known as Anselmo Ralph , is an Angolan singer .
Lê Tấn Tài ( born on January 4 , 1984 ) is a Vietnamese footballer , and the captain of the Vietnam national football team , where he plays as a Central Midfielder .
Riabokrys Oleksandr Mykhailovych ( Ukrainian : Олександр Михайлович Рябокрис ) ( born June 1 , 1952 ) is a current director of the documentary film department of the National Television Company of Ukraine , and laureate of the Vasyl Stus Prize .
Marco Danilo Ureña Porras , known as Marco Ureña ( born March 5 , 1990 in San José ) is a professional Costa Rican footballer who plays in Denmark for FC Midtjylland and the Costa Rica national football team as a striker .
Charles Quinto ( born February 12 , 1990 in Bogotá , Colombia ) is a Colombian footballer currently unemployed .
Ponaka Kanakamma ( 1892 - -1963 ) was a social worker , activist and freedom fighter , imprisoned over a year , as a disciple of Mahatma Gandhi , in India .
Jotamont composed a number of mornas , a music and dance genre from Cape Verde .
Július Kánássy ( born 11 March 1934 in Košice , Czechoslovakia ) , original Hungarian name :
Sam Haskins , born Samuel Joseph Haskins ( born 11 November 1926 , died 26 November 2009 ) , was a British photographer , born and raised in South Africa .
Babagouda Patil is a former union minister of the state of India .
Jacqueline Fraser ( born 14 March 1956 ) is a New Zealand artist of Ngāi Tahu descent .
Ait Hammi Miloud ( born July 8 , 1994 in Rabat , Morocco ) is a Moroccan Olympic boxer .
Saburo Ishikura ( 石倉 三郎 Ishikura Saburō , born December 16 , 1946 in Kagawa , Japan ) is a Japanese actor that has acted in several movies directed by Beat Takeshi .
Emanuel Schäfer ( April 20 , 1900 -- December 4 , 1974 ) was an SS - Oberführer ( Senior Colonel ) and a protégé of Reinhard Heydrich in Nazi Germany .
Erifasi Otema Allimadi ( 11 February 1929 -- 5 August 2001 ) was the Foreign Minister ( 1979 - -1980 ) and Prime Minister of Uganda ( 1980 - -1985 ) .
Norman Schuster ( born December 13 , 1979 in Halle an der Saale , Sachsen - Anhalt ) is a boxer from Germany , who won the bronze medal in the Men 's Lightweight ( -- 60 kg ) division at the 2000 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Tampere , Finland .
Lidija Vukićević ( Serbian : Лидија Вукићевић ) ( born July 20 , 1962 in Kraljevo , PR Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian film and TV actress .
Iman al - Asadi Iman Khaleel Shaalan al - Asadi ( Arabic : ايمان الاسدي‎ ) Liberal Iraqi Politician former lawmaker of Council of Representatives of Iraq
Ustad Jalil Zaland ( Persian : جلیل زلاند‎‎ ) ( also spelled as Ustad Zoland & استاد زولاند ) ( c. 1935 -- 30 April 2009 ) is a veteran singer of Afghanistan 's golden music era .
Rubén Sánchez León ( born August 21 , 1973 in Mexicali , Baja California , Mexico ) was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division .
Ayesha Gulalai Wazir ( Pashto : عایشه ګلالۍ وزير‎ ; Urdu : عائشه گلالئ‎ ) is a Pakistani activist - politician and the Member of National Assembly representing Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf on a reserved seat for women .
Philipp Peter ( born 6 April 1969 in Vienna ) is a race car driver from Austria .
Milonja Đukić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милоња Ђукић ; born 12 December 1965 in Ivangrad , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Serbian football player from Montenegro .
Gerrit Badenhorst ( born 10 October 1962 ) is a former WPC world champion powerlifter and professional strongman competitor from South Africa .
Frits Bernard ( 28 August 1920 , Rotterdam -- 23 May 2006 , Rotterdam ) was a clinical psychologist , sexologist and gay and pedophile activist in the Netherlands .
Julie Hogg ( née Whitehouse ) ( born 4 November 1958 in New Zealand ) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Ratko Dostanić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ратко Достанић ; born 25 October 1959 in Lučani , Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian football coach and former player .
Mercedes Revenga de la Rosa is a pageant titleholder , was born in Caracas , Venezuela on 1946 .
E. Hugo Siles - Alvarado , was the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Bolivia from July 2007 - February 2009 .
Papanelopoulou , F. , ' Gustave - Adolphe Hirn ( 1815 - 1890 ) : engineering thermodynamics in mid - nineteenth - century France ' , British Journal for the History of Science ( 2006 ) , 39(2 ) , 231 - 254
Andrea Paoli is a Lebanese athlete who was the Taekwondo champion of Lebanon in the senior category for five consecutive seasons .
Enzo Crivelli ( born 6 February 1995 in Rouen , France ) is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 club Girondins de Bordeaux as a striker .
Enrico Pedrini ( 15 January 1940 Montesano di Filighera -- 19 April 2012 Genova ) was an academic , theorist and collector of Conceptual Art . He also taught epistemology in Italy .
Tuula Anneli Björkling ( born 1952 ) of Finland was adjudged Miss International 1973 on 13 October , held at the Exposition Hall Fairgrounds in Osaka , Japan .
Will Upson is a pianist and composer , who performed with several well known jazz and big bands in Western Australia .
Víctor Hugo Amatti ( born June 20 , 1965 in Parana , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs of Chile .
Jamy Gourmaud ( born 17 January , 1964 ) is a journalist well known from the educational TV show C'est Pas Sorcier that he presented with Frédéric Courant and Sabine Quindou and was produced from the channel France 3 on 1993 .
Hagop Vahram Çerçiyan was a professor of mathematics , geography , and calligraphy at the Robert College of Istanbul , known for designing the signature of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk , the first president of Turkey .
Adalbert Probst ( 1900 - 1934 ) was a Catholic Youth leader in Germany during Nazi period .
Tada Keelalay is a professional footballer born in Thailand .
Oleksiy Kuznetsov ( Ukrainian : Олексій Кузнєцов ) ( born 28 May 1991 in Makiivka , Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is the winner of the first season ( 2009 - -2010 ) of the Ukrainian X Factor .
Guillaume Rondelet ( 27 September 1507 -- 30 July 1566 ) , known also as Rondeletus ( Rondeletius ) , was Regus Professor of medicine at the University of Montpellier in southern France and Chancellor of the University between 1556 and his death in 1566 .
Traian V. Chirilă ( born 14 February 1948 in Arad , Romania ) is a Romanian - Australian polymer and organic chemist who is the inventor of AlphaCor , an artificial cornea in current clinical use throughout the world .
Grant Nisbett ( born 26 December ) is a New Zealand sports broadcaster and TAB media liaison .
Penny Woolcock ( born 1 January 1950 , in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a British filmmaker , opera director , and screenwriter .
Ernest Eden George ( 18 September 1863 -- 2 May 1927 ) , known as Eden George , was born in New South Wales and came to New Zealand as a young man .
Robert Antoine ( 1914 in Belgium -- 1981 ) was a Belgian Jesuit priest , missionary in India .
Youssef Dahha ( born 16 July 1972 ) , is the official goalie trainer for the Canadian football ( soccer ) team , the Montreal Impact ( fr . l'Impact de Montreal ) in Quebec , Canada .
Faustin Twagiramungu ( born 1945 in Cyangugu province ) is an ethnic Hutu politician in Rwanda .
Jean - Marc Pilorget ( born 13 April 1958 in Paris ) is a retired footballer , who was the manager of Championnat de France amateur side Cannes until June 2015 , when he took over Fréjus Saint - Raphael .
Mehdi Daghagheleh ( Persian : مهدی دغاغله‎‎ , born 30 January 1990 in Khozestan ) is an Iranian Football Striker who currently plays for Saipa in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Toussaint Pothier ( May 16 , 1771 -- October 22 , 1845 ) was a businessman , seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada .
Markus Jürgenson ( born 9 September 1987 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a full - back for Estonian Meistriliiga club Flora and the Estonia national football team .
Jovan Tanasijević ( Cyrillic : Joвaн Taнacиjeвић , born 20 January 1978 in Pristina , Yugoslavia ) is a footballer who represented Montenegro internationally .
Jeanne de Gontaut , Countess of Noailles ( c.1520- 26 September 1586 ) , was a French noblewoman and the wife of Antoine de Noailles , Admiral of France and French Ambassador to England from 1553 to 1556 .
As a Member of Parliament in Weimar , Joseph Joos grew to become one of the leading voices of the Christian Democratic Union in Germany .
Valentino Balboni ( born 13 May 1949 ) is the former chief test driver of Lamborghini , a manufacturer of sports cars in Italy .
Gilbert Saboya Sunyé ( born 28 July 1966 ) is an Andorran economist and politician who is current Minister of Foreign Affairs to the Principality of Andorra .
Carlos Morel died in Quilmes , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina on 10 September 1894 , aged 81 .
Joseph John Thomas Pawelka ( 1887 - - ? ) was a New Zealand criminal and prison escaper .
Fabricio Coloccini ( locally : ( faˈβɾisjo koloˈtʃini ) ; ; Italian : ( kolotˈtʃiːni ) ; born 22 January 1982 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a centre back for Newcastle United and the Argentina national team .
Gerardo Tazzer Valencia ( born 12 December 1951 in Mexico City ) is an equestrian from Mexico and Olympic medalist .
Thomas Barlow Smith ( October 28 , 1839 -- July 22 , 1933 ) was a merchant , ship builder , author and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Johann Hauler ( 9 October 1829 -- 9 August 1888 ) was an Austrian educator and classical philologist born in Oberrimsingen , a district of Breisach , Germany .
Baiju Parthan ( born in 1956 in Kerala ) , a painter , is known as a pioneer of intermedia art in India .
Lim Tong Hai ( born 14 May 1969 ) was a centre - back for the Singapore national football team from 1989 to 1999 .
Sarah Maria Barraud ( c.1823 -- 8 March 1895 ) was a New Zealand homemaker and letter - writer .
Biaggio Chianese ( born October 28 , 1961 in Trieste ) is a retired boxer from Italy , who won the bronze medal at both the 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships and the 1987 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the men 's heavyweight ( + 91 kg ) division .
Eddy Planckaert ( b. Nevele , 22 September 1958 ) is a former professional road racing cyclist from Belgium .
Sir Lawrence Peel ( 10 August 1799 - -1884 ) was a judge in India , Chief Justice of Bengal .
Benoît Lutgen ( born March 10 , 1970 in Bastogne ) is the head of the Centre démocrate humaniste ( Humanist Democrat Centre ) political party in Belgium .
David Vumlallian Zou ( born January 25 , 1977 ) is an historian of modern South Asia with special interest in north - east India .
Dr. Witold Nazarewicz ( born 1954 ) is a nuclear physicist born in Warsaw , Poland , currently teaching at Michigan State University .
Greg Weight ( born 2 December 1946 in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian photographer specialising in fine art photography and portraiture .
Madhu Muttam is a popular script writer in Kerala , India .
Russell James has appeared several times in America 's Next Top Model and Australia 's Next Top Model , as a guest photographer or judge .
Michael Kuhr ( born 26 February 1962 in Berlin , Germany ) is a former German kickboxer and security specialist .
K. Shankar was a veteran film editor and director , born on Mar 17 , 1926 in Malabar ( now Kerala , in India ) .
Bjørn Grimnes ( born 24 September 1950 ) is a former javelin thrower from Norway .
Manouchehr Mohammadi ( in Persian : منوچهر محمدی ) , born in 1956 in Abadan , Iran is a film producer .
Ardico Magnini ( born 21 October 1928 in Pistoia , Italy ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) player .
Dr. Nicasius de Sille ( 1543 - -1600 ) was a 16th - century statesman from Belgium who served as a special ambassador from the Netherlands to several nations , and as secretary to future - Holy Roman Emperor Matthias .
Piotr Lisiecki ( born 2 March 1993 ) is a Polish singer and guitarist who rose to fame after placing third on the third series of Poland 's Got Talent .
Zohre Esmaeli ( born 1 July 1985 in Kabul ) is a model , designer and author from Afghanistan .
Richard Philpott ( 7 February 1813 -- 8 June 1888 ) was an English cricketer who played for Victoria , Australia .
Grant Morgan is a political activist from Auckland , New Zealand .
Sometime after this , the Votadini troops under Cunedda relocated to North Wales to defend the region from Irish invasion , specifically the Uí Liatháin , as mentioned in the Historia Brittonum .
Bo Berndal ( born 1924 , in Stockholm , Sweden , died 2013 ) was a Swedish compositor and typographer .
Boris Hoppek was born in the small village of Kreuztal , Germany , in 1970 .
Victor Estima is a third degree Carlos Gracie , Jr. Black Belt who , along with his brother Braulio Estima , was coached under Ze Radiola in his native Brazil .
Afrob was born in Venice , Italy to Eritrean parents but moved to Germany at a young age .
Max Lüscher ( born 9 September 1923 , Basel , Switzerland ) is a Swiss psychotherapist .
Nadine Stanton ( born 11 September 1975 in Hamilton , New Zealand ) is a shooting competitor for New Zealand .
Teme Sejko , a member of the Sejko family of Filiates , was born in Konispol , Albania , on August 25 , 1922 .
Abdellatif Zeroual ( born 1951 , Berrechid , Morocco , died on 14 November 1974 , at `` Derb Moulay Chérif '' in Casablanca ) was a philosophy teacher and member of the national committee of the `` Ila Al Amame '' movement .
Ray Twinney ( November 1935 - 24 December 1994 ) is the former mayor of Newmarket , Ontario , Canada from 1979 to 1994 .
Paul Slowinski was born in Strzegom , Poland and immigrated to Adelaide , Australia in 1996 as a teenager with his mother and brother .
Denis Miéville is an expert on the logic of Stanislaw Lesniewski and natural logic , born in Switzerland in September 15 , 1946 .
Thomas James Smith ( 1827−1896 ) was the founder of Smith & Nephew , one of the United Kingdom 's largest medical devices businesses .
Ezekiel McLeod , QC , LL.B ( October 29 , 1840 -- June 11 , 1920 ) was a lawyer , judge and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada .
Gérard Jean - Juste ( February 7 , 1946 -- May 27 , 2009 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and rector of Saint Claire 's church for the poor in Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
Winthrop Graham ( born 17 November 1965 in Westmoreland , Jamaica ) is a retired athlete who mainly competed in the 400 metres hurdles .
Geordie Campbell ( August 13 , 1884 in Glasgow , Scotland -- February 21 , 1952 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) was a full back most known for his time in Ontario soccer .
Subsequent to his education at Hurtwood House in Surrey in the United Kingdom , Jay Mo completed a degree in Music and the Recording Arts at the SAE Institute of London .
Oby Onyioha is a Nigerian singer and songwriter best known for her smash debut single , I Want To Feel Your Love which was widely successful in the 1980s in Nigeria .
Belu - Simion Fainaru ( born 1959 ) is an Israeli sculptor who was born in Bucharest , Romania and immigrated to Israel in 1973 .
After appearing for Brazil under-17 and under-18 levels , Sammir expressed his desire to play for the Croatia national football team after holding a Croatian passport .
Tilman Hoppstock ( born 1961 ) is a classical guitarist , cellist and musicologist from Germany .
Arquimedes Nieto ( born April 28 , 1989 in Panama City , Panama ) is a minor league baseball player who is played with the Panama national baseball team at the 2009 World Baseball Classic .
Henriëtte Geertruida Knip ( 19 July 1783 -- 29 May 1842 ) was a flower painter from the Northern Netherlands .
David Casinos Sierra ( born February 15 , 1972 from Valencia ) is a Paralympian athlete from Spain competing mainly in category F11 shot put events .
Oskar Peterlini ( born 1950 ) , Contract Professor on the Free University of Bozen Bolzano , is a Representative of the German - speaking South Tyrolean Minority in South Tyrol , Italy .
Markus Löffel ( 27 November 1966 -- 11 January 2006 ) , also known as Mark Spoon and Spacy Trancer , was a disc jockey , musician and record producer from Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Paola Pezzo ( born 8 January 1969 in Bosco Chiesanuova ) is a cross - country mountain bike racer from Verona , Italy .
Ahmad Zakii Anwar ( born 1955 in Johor state , Malaysia ) is one of the most well - known artists in Malaysia .
Nikos Kaltsas ( Greek : Νίκος Καλτσάς , born 3 May 1990 in Veria ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Panathinaikos in the Superleague Greece as a winger .
Dr. Yemi Kale is the Statistician General of the National Bureau of Statistics of Nigeria .
R. Balakrishnan , popularly known as R. Balki ( born in Kumbakonam , Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu ) , is an Indian filmmaker , screenwriter and Chairman and Chief Creative Officer of the advertising agency Lowe Lintas ( India ) .
Everwijn Johan Maarten van der Linden ( born March 9 , 1969 in Voorburg , Zuid - Holland ) is a former rower from the Netherlands , who competed for his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 .
Veljko Narančić ( 26 May 1898 -- 6 February 1983 ) was an athlete who competed for Kingdom of Yugoslavia in the 1920s and 1930s .
Fabiola Campomanes ( born Fabiola Campomanes Rojas on July 30 , 1972 , in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress she is famous for performing for various Mexican telenovelas since 1993 .
Mohamed Abla is an Egyptian artist known for his paintings of abstract sceneries in Egypt .
Maulana Mazhar Ali Azhar ( 13 March 1895 -- 4 November 1974 ) was the founder and leader of Majlis - e - Ahrar - ul - Islam and a political figure in the history of Sub - Continent India .
Prabhakar Narayan Padhye ( Devanagari : प्रभाकर नारायण पाध्ये ) ( 1926 - -1996 ) , popularly known as Bhau Padhye ( भाऊ पाध्ये ) , was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Óengus Ollom ( English : the scholar ) , according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition , was a High King of Ireland who was the son of Ailill , the son of Labraid Loingsech .
Joseph Cardijn was born in 1882 in Schaerbeek , Belgium , the eldest son of Henri Cardijn and Louise Cardijn , née Van Daelen .
Dick Decloe currently resides in Canada and runs a successful hockey training programme in Oakville , Ontario where he teaches kids how to float in the neutral zone , throw vicious headhunting elbows and how to take head high clap bombs in warmups like an allstar .
Pierre van der Linden , born 19 February 1946 in the Netherlands , is a jazz drummer whose style was influenced by his childhood hero Buddy Rich .
Panteleimon Kotokos ( Greek : Παντελεήμων Κοτόκος Αργυροκάστρου ; 1890 - -1969 ) was a bishop of the Orthodox Autocephalous Church of Albania .
André Claveau ( 17 December 1911 -- 4 July 2003 ) was a popular singer in France from the 1940s to the 1960s .
Martin Margiela ( born April 9 , 1957 in Genk , Belgium ) is a Belgian fashion designer , and the founder of fashion house Maison Margiela .
Matthew Saunoa ( born 1986 ) is a New Zealand pop singer who rose to musical fame as the winner of the third season of New Zealand Idol in 2006 .
Alexandre Barbera - Ivanoff is a French artist born in Paris , France , in 1973 .
Peter S. Gray ( born November 24 , 1957 in Paget , Bermuda ) is an equestrian who has competed in two Olympic games , been chosen as a reserve in one games and acted as team coach in two more .
Charlotte Riefenstahl ( 24 May 1899 in Bielefeld , Germany -- 6 January 1993 in Northfield , Minnesota , USA ) was a German physicist .
Vasif Adigozalov ( 1935 - -2006 ) ( alternative spellings : Adigezalov , Adygazal ) ( Azerbaijani : Vasif Adıgözəlov ) was one of Azerbaijan 's most distinguished composers .
Ashraf Fahmy first earned a Bachelor of Arts ( History ) from the University of Cairo in 1961 , then graduated from the High Cinema Institute of Giza ( first class ) in 1963 to walk in the Cinema of Egypt bath , after that he studied Directing at the University of California from 1964 until 1967 .
Henry John Wardell ( 1890 - -1972 ) was a notable New Zealand pastoralist , businessman and wool industry leader .
Manolita Saval ( 5 February 1914 Paris , France -- 23 August 2001 Mexico City , Mexico ) was a Spanish actress and singer .
Tania Libertad de Souza Zúñiga ( born 24 October 1952 ) , better known as Tania Libertad , is a Peruvian singer who has lived in Mexico since 1978 and is a naturalized Mexican .
Douglas Peters and David Wilfrid Peters authored an article titled `` Reforming Canada 's Financial Services Sector :
Nigar Talibova ( born 1975 in Baku ) is an Azeri fashion model , based in Turkey .
Shang - Chi was born in the Hunan province of the People 's Republic of China , and is the son of Fu Manchu , the Chinese mastermind who has repeatedly attempted world conquest and had a thirst for blood .
François Gendron ( born November 3 , 1944 in Val - Paradis , Quebec ) is a politician and teacher in Quebec , Canada .
Queen Hetepheres I was a Queen of Egypt during the 4th dynasty .
Tekendra Prasad Bhatt ( Nepali : टेकेन्द्र प्रसाद भट्ट ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Thomas Sanon ( born 8 September 1947 ) is a Burkinabé politician and former diplomat who has been President of the Economic and Social Council of Burkina Faso since 2003 .
Abdulmumini Hassan Rafindadi ( born 15 January 1957 ) is a Nigerian professor of pathology , educational administrator , and incumbent vice chancellor of Federal University , Lokoja , located in Lokoja , Kogi State , Nigeria .
Jamahl Lolesi ( born 20 March 1981 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s .
Johanna Holmström ( born 1981 ) is a Finland - Swedish author .
In 2009/2010 , Theo Verbey was Composer - in - Residence of the Brabant Philharmonic Orchestra , based in Eindhoven , the Netherlands .
Carl Friedrich Echtermeier , the son of a plasterer in Kassel , Germany , learnt the basics of his craft at his father 's workshop .
His Lordship , Hon . Justice Samuel Eson Johnson Ecoma ( aka Hon . Justice S. E. J. Ecoma ) , born in Itigidi , Abi Local Government Area of Cross River State , Nigeria , was the first legal practitioner from Itigidi .
Dharma Sila Chapagain ( Nepali : धर्मशीला चापागाईं ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Jürgen Wullenwever ( c. 1492 -- 29 September 1537 ) was burgomaster of Lübeck from 1533 to 1535 , a period of religious , political and trade turmoil .
Ali Squalli Houssaini ( born in Fez in 1932 ) was the author of the lyrics of the National anthem of Morocco , Hymne Chérifien , in 1970 .
Oh Sang - mi , better known as Sam Oh ( born January 15 , 1980 in South Korea ) , is a television host and a Korean expatriate who has been living in the Philippines for 20 years .
Guðmundur Arason ( 1161 -- March 16 , 1237 ) was an influential 12th and 13th century Icelandic saintly bishop who took part in increasing the powers of the Catholic Church in medieval Iceland .
Robert Hockin ( 1846 -- May 1 , 1925 ) was a political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Ahmadjan Khasan ( born 2 June 1957 ) is a former Afghanistan wrestler , who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the middleweight event .
Dayan Khan ( Mongolian : Даян Хаан ) ( given name : Batumöngke ; 1464 - -1517/1543 ) was a Mongol khan who reunited the Mongols under Chinggisid supremacy in the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia .
Wim Eyckmans ( born 23 March 1973 , Herentals , Belgium ) is a Belgian racecar driver who starting in karting in 1986 has been in prototype racing since 2003 .
Ashmith Kunder is a film editor from India .
Wilhelm Kuhe ( 10 December 1823 - 8 October 1912 ) was a German pianist and piano teacher , composer and administrator born in the city of Prague ( modern - day Czech Republic ) , in the first half of the nineteenth - century .
Anton Josef Gruscha , S.T.D. ( 3 November 1820 , Vienna -- 5 August 1911 , Schloss Kranichberg , Lower Austria ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was Archbishop of Vienna .
Thor Philip Axel Jensen ( 3 December 1863 -- 12 September 1947 ) was a Danish entrepreneur who moved to Iceland at an early age and became famous there for his business activities during the first half of the twentieth century : he all but introduced big business , and even modern capitalism , to the country .
Steve O'Connor played 290 games in the Australian National Soccer League ( NSL ) and represented Australia in the national team with 44 Socceroo appearances .
Johnny Alf ( b. Alfredo José da Silva ) was born on the 19th of May 1929 , in Vila Isabel , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Richard Costain ( 1839 - -1902 ) was the founder of Costain Group , one of the United Kingdom 's largest construction businesses .
Zenisha Moktan ( Nepali : जेनिशा मोक्तान ) is a Nepalese model who won the Miss Nepal beauty pageant in September 2009 .
Steve Skinnon ( born 27 November 1976 ) is a New Zealand rugby footballer who played rugby union for Wellington and Hawkes Bay in the National Provincial Championship and rugby league for the Sydney Roosters and South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League .
As Kong Le 's subordinates became increasingly dissatisfied , and FAN units began to mutiny , he was forced to leave Laos on 17 October 1966 .
Ahmed Mohamed Iman ( Somali : Axmed Maxamed Iimaan ) is a Director General of the Fisheries , Marine Resources and Environment Sector of the Ministry of the National Resources of Somalia .
Sheila Baxter ( born 1933 ) is an anti - poverty activist who has written several books about poverty and mental illness in Canada .
Stevie Nicholson ( born 30 December 1983 in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian Actor , Singer , Dancer , and current member of the children 's entertainment group Hi-5 .
Rigoberto Chang Castillo ( b. 1 May 1950 in Tegucigalpa ) is a Honduran lawyer and politician , currently serves as Secretary of the National Congress of Honduras after being elected representing the National Party of Honduras for Francisco Morazán .
Elin Wägner was born in Lund , Sweden as the daughter of a school principal , Wägner was only 3 years old when her mother died .
Mark De Bie ( born 5 February 1939 , in Aalst , Belgium ) is a retired Belgian television writer .
Walter Carvalho ( born 1947 in João Pessoa , Paraíba , Brazil ) is a critically and internationally acclaimed Brazilian cinematographer .
Thomas O'Driscoll ( 1838 - -1891 ) was a New Zealand hotel - keeper and political agitator .
Daniel McAlister ( born 22 August 1978 in New Zealand ) is an Australian rules footballer notable for his brief appearance in the Australian Football League for the Essendon Football Club .
Frida Stéenhoff was a leading central figure for the free love movement in Sweden , for sex and romance without marriage and birth control , and critical toward the institution of marriage , subjects for which she became controversially known by her debut novel :
Han Chae - young was born as Kim Ji - young in Daegu , South Korea , but her family soon immigrated to the United States and she spent her childhood years in a Chicago suburb , where she attended Glenbrook South High School .
Hemant Khandelwal ( 9 September 1964 -- ) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Gerard de Rooy ( born June 21 , 1980 in Eindhoven , Netherlands ) is a Dutch truck racer , best known for participating in the Dakar Rally .
Dr Nandini Mundkur is one of India 's developmental paediatricians who has done pioneering work in the field of early detection and intervention services for developmental disorders
Mahinārangi Tocker MNZM ( 1955 -- 15 April 2008 ) was a singer - songwriter from New Zealand .
Ingrid Lorentzen has served on the Arts Council Norway and on the Council 's Dance Committee .
Jakob Martin Strid ( born 1972 ) is a Danish cartoonist , who is known throughout Denmark for his successful series Strid in the Danish newspaper Politiken .
Aleksandr Ivanovich Korolyov ( Aлексáндр Ивáнович Королёв ) Polish : ( Alexander Korołiow ) is a Transnistrian politician born in Wrocław , Poland on 24 October 1958 ( or in 1955 ) .
Jon Beekhuis ( /ˌjɒn ˈbiːkəs/ ; born March 31 , 1960 ) is a former race car driver from Zurich , Switzerland .
Kim Ashfield ( born 5 January 1959 ) is a former model from Wales who was Miss United Kingdom in 1980 .
Michel Villedo ( 1598 - -1667 ) was a French stonemason from Creuse , who became advisor and architect of royal buildings for Louis XIV of France .
Sophie Jordier ( born in France on 4 January 1979 ) , better known by her stage name Lynnsha , is a French R'n'B singer of Martinique origin .
Thom Barron ( born March 27 , 1971 , in Germany ) , is the stage name of a gay pornographic film actor ; he is considered to be Germany 's best - known international gay pornographic film actor .
Learmonth White Dalrymple ( c.1827 - -26 August 1906 ) was a New Zealand educationalist who campaigned for girls ' secondary education in Dunedin and for women to be admitted to the University of Otago .
Roman Pivarník ( born 17 February 1967 ) is a football manager and former player from Slovakia and currently manager of Bohemians 1905 .
Antonio Escobar was born in Pamplona , Navarre , Spain , raised in Malaga and is of Andalusian descent .
The Ga carpenter and fantasy coffin artist Daniel Mensah , called also Hello , works as an independent artist and carpenter in Teshie , Greater Accra Region , Ghana .
Dominika Červenková ( born May 18 , 1988 in České Budějovice ) is a rhythmic gymnast from Czech Republic , who participated in 2004 Athens Olympic Games .
Friedel Dzubas ( April 20 , 1915 in Berlin , Germany -- 1994 in New York ) was a German - born American abstract painter .
In 1997 , the Ministry of Youth and Sports of Romania retroactively awarded Cornel Vena the title of Master of Sports .
A school in Delvine was renamed in the 2000s as Kadri Gjata and in 2003 he was awarded posthumously with the medal Honour of the Nation ( Nderi i Kombit ) , one of the highest medals of Albania .
Næstved was also the abode of noble woman Anna Gøye , who owned one of Denmark 's largest libraries to which she gave Peder Syv access .
Simon Grigg ( born 1955 ) is a New Zealand music businessman , writer , broadcaster , publisher , producer , DJ and archivist .
Petr Vaclav ( born 11 June 1967 ) is a Czech film director and screenwriter whose films have received many awards , both in the Czech Republic and internationally .
Deepack ( Frank Pechler & Marcel Van Der Zwan ) is a hardstyle act from the Netherlands .
Rishikesh Gautam ( Nepali : हृषिकेश गौतम ) ( born in 1941 ) was a politician from Nepal .
Jörg Stübner ( born 23 July 1965 in Freiberg ) is a former German footballer who amassed 47 international caps for East Germany .
Luís Roberto Barroso ( born March 11 , 1958 , in the city of Vassouras ) is a Brazilian Professor , Jurist and judge of the Supreme Federal Court of Brazil .
Hildegard Westerkamp ( born April 8 , 1946 , in Osnabrück , Germany ) is a Canadian composer , radio artist , teacher and sound ecologist of German origin .
Born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , Norberto Longo primarily provided Spanish - language commentary of soccer matches .
Robert Ihly ( born May 5 , 1963 in Asbest , Soviet Union ) is a retired race walker from Germany , who was one of the nation 's leading athletes in race walking in the 1990s .
Chaudhary Charan Singh ( 23 December 1902 -- 29 May 1987 ) was the Prime Minister of the Republic of India , serving from 28 July 1979 until 14 January 1980 .
Emmanuel Andrews Samini ( born 22 December 1981 in Accra , Ghana ) , known by his stage name Samini ( formerly as Batman Samini ) , is a Ghanaian Reggae and Dancehall recording artiste from Wa , Ghana .
Hellmuth Stachel ( born October 6 , 1942 in Graz , Austria ) is an Austrian mathematician , a Professor of Geometry at the Technical University of Vienna , who is known due to his contributions to geometry , kinematics and computer - aided design .
José Oliveira de Souza ( born March 19 , 1978 in Pedra Branca ) - known in Brazil as Gerry - is a Brazilian football striker , currently playing for Đồng Tâm Long An F.C. in the V - League .
Justice Mahavir Singh ( 1920 - -1997 ) was a justice , an authority of law and social reformer of India .
Yngvar Numme ( born 1 October 1944 in Skien , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer , actor , revue writer and director .
The Congregation of the Sisters of the Catholic Apostolate , commonly referred to as Pallottines , is an international community founded in Rome , Italy by St. Vincent Pallotti .
Mukhsin Mukhamadiev ( born 21 October 1966 ) is a football manager and former player who currently manages the Tajikistan national team .
Kashiwado Tsuyoshi ( 柏戸 剛 , November 29 , 1938 - December 8 , 1996 ) was a sumo wrestler from Japan .
Tatiana Silva Braga Tavares ( born 5 February 1985 ) is a Belgian model who was crowned Miss Belgium in 2005 .
Erica Andrews was born Eddie Salazar on September 30 , 1969 in Allende , Nuevo León , Mexico .
Maryam Babangida ( 1 November 1948 -- 27 December 2009 ) was the wife of General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida , who was Nigeria 's head of state from 1985 to 1993 .
Dr. Diwan Rahul Nanda is the Global Chairman of TOPSGRUP , the second - largest security services provider in India with close to 85,000 employees .
Marianne Buggenhagen ( born 26 May 1953 ) is a Paralympian athlete from Germany competing mainly in throwing events .
In late 1930 's Sat - Okh and his mother moved to Poland .
Tadhg Slattery is a paralympic swimmer from South Africa competing mainly in category SB5 events .
Kivi Larmola ( born 1966 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish comics artist , illustrator , translator , freelance journalist and a musician .
Rony Padilla is a Christian music singer , musician , composer and worship leader from Honduras , Central America .
David Harland ( born 28 September 1962 in Wellington ) is a New Zealand diplomat .
Eileen Barnes ( 1876 - 1956 ) was a notable and highly acclaimed botanical artist , well known for her definitive and accurate depictions of Ireland 's plant life .
Mohammad Mofatteh ( Persian : محمد مفتح‎‎‎ ; 1928 - -1979 ) was an Iranian philosopher , born in Famenin , Iran .
Lai Kew Chai ( Chinese : 黎嘉才 ; pinyin : Lí Jiācái ; 7 February 1941 -- 27 February 2006 ) was a Malaysia - born Singaporean judge and the longest - serving member of the Supreme Court Bench , having served for almost 25 years as a Judge .
Galymbek Zhumatov ( kaz Ğalımbek Sağımbaýulı Jumatov , Ғалымбек Сағымбайұлы Жұматов , rus Жуматов Галымбек Сагимбаевич born 15 October 1952 in Ulguli , Kazakhstan ) kazakh writer , poet .
Ashwin Madia 's parents moved to America from Mumbai , India .
During World War II ( 1939 - -45 ) , from September 1940 Amédée Dunois organized the underground activity of the Socialist Party in the occupied zone of France .
Muhammad VI al - Habib ( 13 August 1858 -- 13 February 1929 ) ( Tunisian Arabic : محمد الحبيب باي‎ , Muḥamad el - Ḥabīb Bāy ) was the ruler of Tunisia from 10 July 1922 until 11 February 1929 .
Wilhelm Simon was born in the city of Wuppertal in the Ruhr district of Germany on April 23 , 1900 .
Huang Yu - chun ( born 16 November 1939 in Shantou , Republic of China ) , known by her final stage name Ivy Ling Po , is a retired Hong Kong actress and Chinese opera singer .
Haldun Alagaş ( November 16 , 1970 in Izmit , Turkey ) is a Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -70 kg division .
Klaus Mietusch was born on 5 August 1918 in Posen in the Province of Posen , a Prussian province in the German Empire , today it is Poznań in the west - central region of Poland .
Ireen Sheer ( born 25 February 1949 , Billericay , Essex , England ) is a German - British pop singer , who has competed in several Eurovision Song Contests over the past four decades .
Steven Goaxab ( born 16 October 1983 ) is a Namibian footballer with Orlando Pirates F.C. Windhoek in the Namibia Premier League .
Nicolas Hotman ( ca . 1610 - -1663 ) was a Baroque composer , who spent most of his career in France .
November 27 , 2013 , launched 2 business author TV projects `` New Technologies '' and `` Business and Media with Tatiana Vishnevskaya '' on PRO Business TV Channel , Moscow , Russia .
Thích Trí Quang ( born 1924 ) is a Vietnamese Mahayana Buddhist monk best known for his role in leading South Vietnam 's Buddhist population during the Buddhist crisis in 1963 .
Peter Hambleton ( born 1960 ) is a New Zealand stage , film and television actor , and stage director .
Sir James Sands Elliott ( 28 May 1880 - -26 October 1959 ) was a New Zealand doctor , editor , medical administrator and writer .
Michel Nack Balokog ( born September 10 , 1986 in Douala , Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian Midfielder whose last known club wasRavan Baku in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Cheick Modibo Diarra ( born 1953 ) is a Malian astrophysicist , businessman , and politician who was acting Prime Minister of Mali from April 2012 to December 2012 .
Louis Évely ( 1910 - -1985 ) was a Christian spiritual writer from Belgium .
Rai Sahib Karam Chand Jain was the first Legal Advisor of the War & Supply Department of India and Special Police Establishment ( SPE ) , which later developed into the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) .
Markus Hiden ( February 4 , 1978 in Voitsberg , Austria ) is an Austrian professional footballer .
Elena Ferretti ( born 1960 in San Donato Milanese , Italy ) , better known as Sophie or Rose , is an Italian Eurobeat and Italo disco singer .
Paul Frère ( 30 January 1917 -- 23 February 2008 ) was a racing driver and journalist from Belgium .
Paul Giudicelli Palmieri ( 1921 - -1965 ) was an abstract painter from the Dominican Republic .
Andrzej Bemer ( German : Andreas Bemer ; died ca . 1626 ) was a 17th - century sculptor and architect , active in Poland and in Silesia , probably of German or Czech ancestry .
Joannis Vislicensis ( Jan Vislicki , Belarusian : Ян Ві́сьліцкі ; ca . 1485/90 - -1520 ) was a medieval author of epic poetry in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and Kingdom of Poland , a representative of the new Latin branch of poetry .
Elisabeth Spiro Klossowski pursued her own artistic career under the name Baladine Klossowska ; she preferred life in France and lived there through much of her later life .
Luisa Ottolini ( born July 10 , 1954 , in Tortona , province of Alessandria , Italy ) is an Italian physicist .
Mirshahin Agayev Mirdilaver oglu ( Azerbaijani : Mirşahin Ağayev Mirdilavər oğlu ) ( born 1963 in Yardimli , Azerbaijan ) also known as simply Mir Shahin ( Azerbaijani : Mir Şahin ) is a journalist and reporter during the Nagorno - Karabakh conflict .
Colonel George Clingan ( March 28 , 1868 - -January 24 , 1944 ) was a physician , soldier and politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Erhard Geißler ( * 17 December 1930 in Leipzig , Germany ) is a German biologist and geneticist .
Gorana Matić ( born October 24 , 1973 ) is a Croatian tennis player that played for Yugoslavia and Croatia .
Humberto Castro ( born Humberto Jesús Castro García in 1957 in Havana , Cuba ) is an important Cuban painter .
Pete Namlook ( born 25 November 1960 as Peter Kuhlmann ( ˈkuːlmaːn ) in Frankfurt , Germany , died on 8 November 2012 ) was an ambient and electronic - music producer and composer .
Lieutenant General Nikos Papagiannopoulos ( Greek : Νίκος Παπαγιαννόπουλος , born in 1956 , in Aetolia - Acarnania , Greece ) is the Chief of the Hellenic Police since October 2011 .
Kimberley Busteed ( born 4 June 1986 ) is an Australian beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Australia 2007 and represented Australia in the 2007 Miss Universe pageant .
Henry John Matthews ( 19 September 1859 - -1909 ) was a New Zealand nurseryman and forester .
Niconnor Alexander ( born 4 February 1977 in San Fernando ) is a sprinter from Trinidad and Tobago who specialized in the 100 metres .
Michael Keiner ( born February 8 , 1959 in Wetzlar , Germany ) is a German poker player best known for winning a Seven - card stud WSOP bracelet in 2007 .
Clifford Hugh Dowker grew up on a small farm in Western Ontario , Canada .
Simon Baron - Cohen FBA ( born 15 August 1958 ) is Professor of Developmental psychopathology at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom .
Gaby Kerpel is a composer born and raised in Argentina .
Paco Lala 's ( born Francisco René Anaya on July 22 , 1973 in Ciudad Juárez , Mexico ) is a Mexican TV host who is remembered because of his participation on the famous Mexican TV show `` Cada Mañana '' from 2000 to 2005 .
Christophe Soumillon ( born 4 June 1981 in Schaerbeek , Belgium ) is a Belgian Thoroughbred horse racing jockey .
Carl Gustaf Roos participated in Charles XI of Sweden 's war against Denmark .
Amy Hudson ( born 5 February 1916 in Sydney , Australia - died August 2003 ) was an Australian cricket player .
Hans - Jürgen Stöckmann ( 8 January 1945 in Göttingen , Lower Saxony , Germany ) is a German physicist who works in the area of quantum chaos .
Walter Hörmann ( born 13 September 1961 ) is a former Austria international footballer and a football coach .
Ethel May Jacobson ( 6 September 1877 - -14 June 1965 ) was a New Zealand teacher , newspaper editor and manager , journalist .
Jacques Géry ( 12 March 1917 , Paris -- 15 June 2007 , Sarlat , France ) was a French ichthyologist .
Cathrin Skoog ( born 1987 , in Nälden , Sweden ) is a Swedish model and call - centre agent .
Yat Hwaidi ( Thai : ญาติ ไหวดี ; rtgs : Yat Wai - di ) was a Khmer politician , born in Surin province , Thailand .
Sarach Yooyen ( Thai : สารัช อยู่เย็น ) , simply known as Tang ( Thai : ตัง ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Faiz Ahmad ( 1946 -- November 12 , 1986 ) ( Persian : فیض احمد‎‎ ) was the founding leader of the Afghanistan Liberation Organization ( ALO ) , a Marxist - Leninist organization established in Kabul .
Loris Baz ( born 1 February 1993 ) is a motorcycle racer from France , who races in MotoGP for the Avintia Racing team .
Nikola Paunović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Пауновић ; born 25 July 1985 , in Kragujevac , Serbia ) is a Serbian singer and television personality .
Daughter of Catalan artists who moved to Cuba , Olga Guillot and her family moved to Havana , Cuba when she was a small child .
Bo John Fredrik Warg ( born May 3 , 1979 in Skellefteå , Sweden ) is a retired forward who last played for the ERC Ingolstadt hockey team in Austria .
Juthika Roy ( 20 April 1920 -- 5 February 2014 ) was a bhajan ( devotional ) singer from India .
Dumitru Berciu was governor of National Bank of Romania between 1934 and 1944 and the director of the Romanian Institute of Thracology in Bucharest after 1948 .
Norah Nelson Napaljarri ( born 26 October 1956 ) is a Warlpiri - speaking Indigenous artist from Australia 's Western Desert region .
Rafał Stradomski ( born 13 October 1958 in Warsaw , Poland ) - Polish composer of contemporary classical music , pianist , and writer .
Pia Arcangel - Halili ( born December 8 , 1978 ) is a television newscaster and journalist in the Philippines .
Frank Lieberam ( born 17 December 1962 in Halberstadt , Germany ) is a former footballer and manager .
Kamal Siegel ( b. 1978 in Punta Arenas , Chile ) is a Chilean musician and digital artist .
Craig Ireson ( born in Manukau , New Zealand 1976 ) is a Wellington - based , New Zealand performance poet , also known as The Karaoke Poet .
William S. Heckscher ( 1904 - -1999 ) was a prominent German art historian and professor of fine art and art history at universities in the United States , Canada , and the Netherlands .
Adam Fulara ( born 1977 in Ostrzeszów , Poland ) is a Polish guitarist who specialises in two - handed polyphonic tapping .
Jorge Jurado García ( born September 22 , 1995 , in Madrid , Spain ) is Spanish actor , who is well - known of his portrayals in television series Los Serrano and 2007 film Goal ! 2 :
Benjamin Heisenberg was born in Tübingen , Germany to Martin Heisenberg and Apollonia , Countess of Eulenburg .
Te Kiore Paremata Te Wahapiro ( fl . 1822 - -1845 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader .
Jean - Claude Pirotte was born in Namur a couple of months after the German army had invaded and occupied Belgium .
Leif Juster ( born Leif Normann Nilsen ) ( 14 February 1910 -- 25 November 1995 ) was a Norwegian comedian , singer and actor , arguably the most popular of his generation in Norway .
Ernst Didring ( 18 October 1868 -- 13 October 1931 ) was an early 20th - century author who wrote mainly of life in his home country of Sweden .
Simone Cantoni ( Muggio , Switzerland , 1736- Milan , Italy , 3 March 1818 ) was a Swiss architect of the Neoclassical period , active mainly in Northern Italy .
James Henry Ashdown ( 31 March 1844 -- 5 April 1924 ) , the `` Merchant Prince of Winnipeg '' , arrived in Winnipeg , Canada , in 1868 and at that time began his business as a tinsmith .
Sif Aradóttir ( born c. 1985 ) was Ungfrú Ísland or Miss Iceland in 2006 .
Rodolfo Blanco is a former boxer from Colombia who held the International Boxing Federation ( IBF ) flyweight title in 1992 .
Flynn Gower was born in 1972 in Sydney , Australia , and is the oldest of 3 children .
In the months leading up to Cambodia 's 2008 General Election , Tuot Saron and three colleagues were allegedly asked to protect an SRP candidate , Tim Norn , who had come under pressure to join the ruling Cambodian People 's Party ( CPP ) .
Detlef Weigel ( born 1961 in Lower Saxony , Germany ) is a German American scientist working at the interface of developmental and evolutionary biology .
The Mighty Pope ( born Earle Heedram , October 23 , 1945 ) is a Jamaican - Canadian singer , recording act , and the first Afro - Canadian solo artist to release a major label long playing album , making him Canada 's first established urban artist .
Seeket Madputeh ( Thai : ซีเกต หมาดปูเต๊ะ ; born 9 March 1989 ) , simply known as Ket ( Thai : เกต ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Édgar Silva ( born Édgar Arturo Silva Loáiciga on October , 1967 in Liberia , Guanacaste ) is a Costa Rican journalist who works for Teletica , the largest TV station in Costa Rica .
Francesco Ruggiero ( August 1957 in Italy -- January 2007 in Switzerland ) participated in the commissioning of LEP , contributed to the LHC design , became the leader of the accelerator group in CERN and finally coordinated the CARE - HHH framework devoted to the LHC upgrade studies ( or Super Large Hadron Collider ) .
Lindsay Daen ( 1923 - -2001 ) , was a New Zealand sculptor and artist who worked and resided in Puerto Rico .
Fawaz Al - Shammari ( born 3 April 1977 in Kuwait City ) is a Kuwaiti hurdler .
David Conyers ( born Sydney , Australia , 30 May 1971 ) is an Australian author .
Pablo Leguizamón Arce ( born 5 October 1982 in Asunción , Paraguay ) , is a Paraguayan footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Happy Valley on loan from Primera B Nacional club Colegiales .
Donald Dickie ( born 8 May 1972 in New Zealand ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer notable for his brief appearance in the Australian Football League for the Port Adelaide Football Club .
Davorin Savnik ( 7 September 1929 -- 14 April 2014 ) was an industrial designer and architect from Slovenia .
Raghubar Das ( born 3 May 1955 ) is currently chief minister of Jharkhand state of India .
Domenico Corcione ( born 20 April 1929 ) is a former Italian military staff and defense minister of Italy .
Jean François Ondo ( born 1916 , date of death unknown ) was the foreign minister of Gabon for a period in 1963 .
Heli Järvinen ( born May 31 , 1963 in Tampere ) is a Finnish politician for the Green League , representing the South Savo constituency from 2007 to 2011 and the Southeastern Finland constituency since 2015 .
Saiyid Nurul Hasan ( 1921 - 1993 ) was an Indian historian and an elder statesman in the Government of India .
Mohamed Rished Abdallah ( born March 28 , 1952 ) was a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania .
Nicelde Soares Magalhães , known as Glória Menezes , ( born October 19 , 1934 in Pelotas , Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil ) is a Brazilian actress .
Pandit Laxmi Ganesh Tewari ( born 8 September 1938 ) is a renowned Hindustani vocalist from India .
Dylan Armstrong ( born January 15 , 1981 ) is a Canadian shot putter born and raised in Kamloops , British Columbia , Canada .
Malik Mohammad Qayyum ( born January 18 , 1944 ) , Senior Advocate Supreme Court , is the former Attorney General of Pakistan , who was replaced with Senator Latif Khosa when President Pervez Musharraf resigned on 18 August 2008 .
Leonard Covello was born Leonardo Coviello in 1887 at Avigliano , in the Basilicata region of southern Italy .
János Baranyai ( born June 24 , 1984 ) is a Hungarian weightlifter and a former judo wrestler from Oroszlány , Hungary .
Sadjad Pourghanad has been a pioneer of online musical activities in the internet in Iran ever since 1999 and used to write articles on music .
Michael Kohlhase ( born 13 September 1964 in Erlangen ) is a German computer scientist and professor at Jacobs University , Bremen , Germany , where he is head of the KWARC research group ( Knowledge Adaptation and Reasoning for Content ) at the School of Engineering and Science .
Anil Srivastava several times participated in interactive sessions with various students of Banaras Hindu University , India .
Dil Bahadur Lama ( 21 March 1930 -- 25 March 2014 ) , popularly known as DB Lama was a leader of Nepali Congress ( Democratic ) and former Inspector General of Nepal Police .
Ayatollah Seyyed Mostafa Mohaghegh Damad is an Iranian Shia cleric , and reformist who has been called `` a leading instructor '' in Iran 's major seminary city of Qom .
George Binns ( 6 December 1815 - -5 April 1847 ) was a New Zealand chartist leader and poet .
Zbigniew Bujak ( born 29 November 1954 in Łopuszno ) was an electrician and foreman in 1980 at the Ursus tractor factory near Warsaw , Poland .
Niranjana Nagarajan ( born 9 October 1988 in Madras , Tamil Nadu ) is a One Day International cricketer who represents India .
Ogmund Crouchdance ( Old Norse Ǫgmund Krøkidans ) was a lendmann - a Norwegian noble in the 13th century and Governor of Orkdal under the kings Håkon IV of Norway and Magnus VI of Norway .
Stefan Borsch , born 19 January 1947 in Hagfors , Sweden , is a Swedish dansband singer .
Chinedu Ikedieze , MFR ( born 12 December 1985 in Bende , Abia State , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian actor .
He is Norway 's richest person and his Olav Thon Group is Norway 's largest private real estate company , with 450 properties , including 60 hotels .
Gorm Henrik Rasmussen is known in Denmark for a number of books about eccentrics and strange places in the northern part of Jutland where he was born and raised .
Nino Machaidze was born and raised in Tblisi , in the republic of Georgia .
Amina Figarova ( born 2 December 1964 in Baku , Azerbaijan ) is a jazz composer and jazz pianist .
Paul Woodfull ( born in 1958 in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish writer , actor , comedian and musician .
Zouheir Shourbagi was the first ever representative from Syria to compete at the Olympics when he went to the 1948 Summer Olympic Games held in London .
Umpai Mutaporn ( Thai : อำไพ มุธาพร , born 18 January 1985 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Renzo Fratini was born on 25 April 1944 , in Urbisaglia , Italy , and was ordained priest on 6 September 1969 for the Diocese of Macerata - Tolentino .
On November 2009 , Amauri himself confirmed his decision to play for Italy instead of Brazil , following remarks by Italian striker Giampaolo Pazzini who was critical about the possibility of having a non - Italian born player within the azzurri squad .
Norberto Collado Abreu ( c. 1921 -- April 2 , 2008 ) was the Cuban captain and helmsman of the yacht Granma , which ferried Fidel Castro and 81 supporters to Cuba from Tuxpan , Veracruz , Mexico , in 1956 .
Fredrika Stahl ( born 24 October 1984 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish singer and songwriter signed to Sony Music in France .
David J. Lockwood is a Canadian physicist and Principal Research Officer at the National Research Council of Canada ( NRC ) .
Tereza Kerndlová ( born 6 October 1986 in Brno ) is a singer in the Czech Republic .
Marmaduke Grove Vallejo ( July 6 , 1878 - May 15 , 1954 ) , his name erroneously spelled Marmaduque , was a Chilean Air Force officer , political figure and member of the Government Junta of the Socialist Republic of Chile in 1932 .
İlter Türkmen ( born 8 November 1927 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish diplomat and politician .
Robert Prygiel ( born 14 April 1976 ) is a former Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team in 1996 - 2007 , a participant of the Olympic Games Atlanta 1996 , Polish Champion ( 1997 ) .
Roy Blumenthal ( born 1968 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) has been an active poet since the early 1990s .
Jacob Mulenga ( born February 12 , 1984 ) is a Zambian football striker who currently plays as a striker for Chinese side Shijiazhuang Ever Bright . Well known for his pace and power during his time in Holland he missed out on Zambia 's 2012 Africa cup of nations win due to a thigh injury .
Nathaniel Meyer von Rothschild ( 26 October 1836 -- 16 June 1905 ) was a member of the Rothschild banking family of Austria , known as art collector and patron .
Nigel Spencer is a writer , translator , and professor of English living in Montréal , Quebec , Canada .
Tan Pin Pin ( Chinese : 陈彬彬 ; pinyin : Chén Bīnbīn , born 1969 ) is a Singapore - based film director .
Oumou Sangaré ( born February 25 , 1968 in Bamako , Mali ) is a Grammy Award - winning Malian Wassoulou musician , sometimes referred to as `` The Songbird of Wassoulou '' .
Chris Samojlenko , better known as Anabolic Frolic and Chris Frolic , is a happy hardcore DJ from Canada who is known for the Happy 2b Hardcore CD series and the Hullabaloo ! promotion he threw in Toronto , Ontario .
Durlav Kumar Thapa ( Nepali : दुर्लभ कुमार थापा ) is a retired police chief of Nepal Police .
Piupiu Te Wherowhero ( c. 1886/1887 -- 29 October 1937 ) was a female leader within the Māori royal family in early 20th century New Zealand .
Tom Belsø ( born 27 August 1942 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a former motor racing driver .
William Ryerson ( March 31 , 1797 -- September 15 , 1872 ) was a Methodist minister and political figure in Canada West .
Davoud Ahmadinejad ( born 13 March 1950 in Aradan , Iran ) is an Iranian politician and older brother of former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Ray Phiri was born near Nelspruit in East Transvaal , now the modern - day Mpumalanga province , in South Africa .
Matt Holloway ( born 16 January 1985 ) is New Zealand born rugby union player .
Ram Chandra Paswan ( born 1 January 1962 ) is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India .
Bruno Bischofberger ( born 1940 ) is an art dealer and gallerist from Zurich , Switzerland , and a major figure in the international art market for several decades .
Arron Wood ( born 1975 in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian environmental activist and consultant who received the 2006 United Nations Individual Award for Outstanding Service to the Environment .
Breno Coelho is a photographer / cinematographer from Vitoria , ES , Brazil .
Nasir bin Murshid ( died 14 April 1649 ) was the founder of the Yaruba dynasty of Imams of Oman , a member of the Ibadi sect .
Chen Deming ( Chinese : 陈德铭 ; pinyin : Chén Démíng ; born 1949 ) is the current President of Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits of the People 's Republic of China .
Martín Hahn ( born Martín Enrique Hahn in 1964 in Barinas , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan writer and playwright known for writing mystery and suspense telenovelas .
Juliet Haslam OAM ( born 31 May 1969 in Adelaide , South Australia ) is a former field hockey defender and midfielder from Australia , who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1992 , for her native country .
Bülent Esel ( 23 July 1927 -- 17 August 2004 ) was a Turkey international football forward who played for clubs in Turkey and Italy .
Clemente Rebora ( 6 January 1885 -- 1 November 1957 ) was a poet from Milan , Italy .
Michael Fritsch is professor of Economics and Chair of Business Dynamics , Innovation , and Economic Change at the Friedrich Schiller University Jena , Germany .
Bakhtiyor Hamidullaev ( born 7 March 1978 in Andijan , USSR ( now Uzbekistan ) is a former Uzbek football player .
Philippe Mius d’Entremont was born in Normandy , France , and came to Acadia with his family in 1651 as a lieutenant - major with Charles de Saint - Étienne de la Tour , who had been named Governor of Acadia by Louis XIII of France first in 1631 , and again by Louis XIV in 1651 .
Éric Mouquet ( born 1960 , in Valenciennes , France ) , is the co - founder of the band Deep Forest .
Oscar Sevrin , born the 22 November 1884 in Neuville - Wanne ( Belgium ) and dead the 30 April 1975 in Kunkuri , ( India ) , was a Belgian Jesuit priest , missionary in India and successively bishop of Ranchi ( Jharkhand ) and Raigarh - Ambikapur ( Chhattisgarh ) .
Horst Kassner was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Germany .
Yair Galily ( Hebrew : יאיר גלילי , born July 10 , 1970 ) is an applied Israeli sociologist , mass media and management researcher at the Interdisciplinary Center , Herzliya and former Dean of the Zinman College , Wingate Institute , Israel
Dirk Henn ( 1960 - - ) is a German - style board game designer who was born in Bendorf , Germany Dirk Henn is best known for his game Alhambra , which won the Spiel des Jahres and placed 2nd in the Deutscher Spiele Preis in 2003 .
Giovanni Guidetti ( born September 20 , 1972 in Modena , Italy ) is an Italian volleyball coach .
Kourosh Khani ( born 3 July 1989 in city of Mashhad , Iran ) is the first ever and only International Iranian racing driver .
In November 1864 , Urechia moved to unified Romania 's capital , Bucharest , having been granted a seat at the local university 's Faculty of Letters , but continued to manage a `` V. A. Urechia Institute '' , his private school .
Martin Eder 's works had been primarily embraced outside of Germany , where he has had numerous successful exhibitions , before receiving widespread notice in his native land .
Phạm Bình Minh ( born 26 March 1959 ) is a Vietnamese politician who has served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Vietnam since 2011 , as well as Deputy Prime Minister since 2013 .
Mehdi Zana ( born 1940 , Silvan ) is a former Kurdish politician from Turkey .
Juan Francisco Palencia Hernández ( born 28 April 1973 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican former football striker , his last club was UNAM .
Francisco Machón Vilanova was a Salvadoran novelist , best known for his work Ola roja , which concerns the role of the indigenous populations of El Salvador that were massacred in the Matanza of 1932 .
Born in Osnabrück , Germany on September 28 , 1935 , Inge Schmitz - Feuerhake 's research has assessed the biological effects of ionizing radiation at low dosage levels .
Kwanchai Fuangprakob ( born May 28 , 1978 , Thai : ขวัญชัย เฟื่องประกอบ ) or the nickname `` Dum '' is a Thai footballer who is playing for Chanthaburi FC as of 2011 , and Thailand national team in 1999 - 2000 .
Philippe Candeloro was born in Courbevoie , France as the youngest of four children .
Alberto Jiménez ( born April 8 , 1969 in Colonia Valle Gómez , Mexico City ) was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division .
Sithu Aung ( Burmese : စည်သူအောင် ; also spelled Si Thu Aung ; born 16 October 1996 ) is a footballer from Myanmar , and a midfielder for Myanmar national football team ( MNL ) and Yadanarbon .
Julián Trujillo Largacha was a Colombian lawyer , statesman , General of the Army and President of Colombia from 1878 to 1880 .
Ihor Snitko ( born 13 August 1978 ) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Ukraine , who was a specialist in the long - distance events .
Andrew Dabeka ( born October 25 , 1981 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is badminton coach , and former professional badminton player from Canada .
Kaleemullah Khan ( born 1958 , in Bahawalpur ) is a field hockey player from Pakistan .
Sultanah Helen Ibrahim , also known as Helen Bartholomew ( 1889 - 1978 ) , was the third wife of Sultan Sir Ibrahim Iskandar Al - Masyhur ibni Almarhum Sultan Sir Abu Bakar , the 22nd Sultan of Johor , in Malaysia .
Helmut Janz ( April 11 , 1934 Gladbeck , Germany - November 19 , 2000 Neu - Ulm , Germany ) was a German track and field athlete .
Louise Colet ( August 15 , 1810 -- March 9 , 1876 ) , born Louise Revoil , was a poet born in Aix - en - Provence in France .
Adhur Gushnasp , known in Armenian sources as Arderveshnasp was a Sasanian commander and the fourth marzban of Persian Armenia from 465 to 481 .
Edith Alma Eileen Savell ( 1883 - -1970 ) was a notable New Zealand farmer and volunteer nurse .
William Edward Vincent ( 17 September 1823 -- 22 November 1861 ) was a New Zealand printer , publisher and publican .
Manutchehr Salimi Galangaschi was an Iranian politician from north of Iran , Amarlu District .
Ralph Yirikian ( Armenian : Ռալֆ Յիրիկյան ) is the General Manager of VivaCell - MTS , a 2005 startup which in the past 9 years has become Armenia 's leading mobile operator and one of the top taxpayers .
Markus Heinsdorff ( born 1954 in Steinkirchen , Germany ) is a German installation artist working in the areas of design , architecture and photography .
Sanjay Dina Patil ( born 16 January 1969 ) is an Indian politician and was a member of 15th Lok Sabha from Mumbai North East constituency in Maharashtra state in India .
Bruno Girard ( born November 25 , 1970 in Blois , France ) was a French boxer ( 187 cm height ) at super middleweight and light heavyweight .
Nellie Euphemia Coad ( 15 October 1883 - -6 September 1974 ) was a New Zealand teacher , community leader , and writer .
Albert Hetterle was born in Petersthal a few weeks after the First World War had ended in defeat for Germany .
Alexis Djoshkounian better known by his stage name Alexis HK ( born 2 April 1974 , in Yvelines , France ) is a French singer - songwriter .
Adebayo Adefarati ( February 14 , 1931 -- March 29 , 2007 ) was a Nigerian politician and a former governor of Ondo State Nigeria .
Björgólfur Jóhannsson ( born in Iceland on August 28 , 1955 ) is an Icelandic business executive , currently the President and CEO of Icelandair Group , the holding company of Icelandair , the main airline of Iceland .
Simon Schubert ( born 1976 ) is an artist based in Cologne , Germany , his birthplace .
Punnasseri Nambi Neelakanta Sharma ( 1858 - -1934 ) was a renowned Sanskrit scholar and teacher of Kerala , India .
Michalis Karaolis ( 13 February 1933 - 10 May 1956 ) was born in the village of Palechori of Pitsilia , Cyprus .
Mark Caughey ( born 27 August 1960 ) is a former Northern Ireland international footballer who played as a striker .
Sundaram Sri Sabaratnam ( Tamil : சிறி சபாரத்தினம் ; 28 August 1952 -- 6 May 1986 ) was a Sri Lankan Tamil rebel and leader of the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization ( TELO ) , a separatist Tamil militant organisation in Sri Lanka .
Carlos Zorrilla ( born in Lanús , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for 2 de Mayo of the Segunda División Paraguaya and in other clubs of Argentina and Chile .
Theo van de Sande ASC , born Theodorus Amandus Maria van de Sande ( born May 10 , 1947 in Tilburg , Netherlands ) is a Dutch cinematographer .
Wilhelm Wassmuss was born in 1880 in Ohlendorf , 60 kilometers south - east of Hanover , Germany , and after a university education he entered the German Foreign Office in 1906 .
Amani Williams Hunt Abdullah , ( born 21 May 1953 in Tapah , Perak , Malaysia ) is a notable indigenous Malaysian social activist , and politician who campaigned for most of his life seeking greater social justice , land rights , and improved life opportunities for Aboriginal Malaysians in Peninsular Malaysia .
Ricardo Iorio ( born June 25 , 1962 in Ciudadela , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina ) is an Argentine heavy metal musician who participated in various of the most important metal bands of the nation .
Ernesto Jerez ( born December 9 , 1967 in Santiago de los Caballeros , Dominican Republic ) is an Emmy - award winning Dominican sportscaster and commentator for ESPN Deportes .
Andry Rajoelina ( Malagasy : ( ˈjanɖʐʲ nʲˈrinə radzoˈel ) ) ( born 30 May 1974 ) was the President of the High Transitional Authority of Madagascar .
William Acton Blakeway Adams JP ( 1843 -- 24 January 1924 ) , known as Acton Adams , was a 19th - century Member of Parliament from Nelson , New Zealand .
Nicolás D'Agostino ( Spanish pronunciation : ( nikoˈlas ðaˈɣostino ) ; born November 24 , 1982 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentinean actor , well - known from the part Tony , the grandson of the Rosa in the Argentinean soap - opera Sos mi vida .
Siraj Mehfuz Daud , or S.M. Daud ( 1 January 1931 -- 10 May 2010 ) was a lawyer who became a judge in the high court of Bombay , India .
Vassilis Krommidas ( Greek : Βασίλης Κρομμύδας , born July 4 , 1970 in Thessaloniki ) is a triathlete and coach from Greece best known for competing at the 2000 and 2004 Olympic Games .
Dimitri Kirilov ( Russian : Дмитрий Кириллов ) ( born November 24 , 1978 in St. Petersburg , Russia ) is a Russian professional boxer .
Malou Aamund ( born July 28 , 1969 , in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a former member of the Folketing for the party Venstre .
Maroun Khoury Sader ( Arabic : مارون خوري صادر‎ ) , ( born on December 25 , 1926 , Ain Ebel , Lebanon -- died on August 26 , 2015 ) was a Maronite Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tyre .
Bebe Cool ( born 1 September 1977 ) ( real name Moses Sali ) is a top African Reggea and ragga musician from Uganda .
Abraham Andersson , usually known under the Latin form of his name , Abrahamus Andreæ Angermannus or just Abraham Angermannus ( died in October 1607 ) was the fourth Lutheran Archbishop of Uppsala in the Church of Sweden from 1593 to 1599 .
Kittipoom Paphunga ( Thai : กิตติภูมิ ปาภูงา , born December 25 , 1986 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
In addition to opera and ballet productions , the orchestra led by Ayrat Kashaev gives regular performances at various venues both in Moscow and throughout Russia .
Graeme Bachop ( b. June 11 , 1967 ) is a former rugby player from New Zealand of Samoan , Tahitian and Cook Islands Heritage .
Theo Constanté Parra ( born May 11 , 1934 in Guayaquil , Ecuador and died on April 27 , 2014 ) was a master Latin American painter part of the Abstract Informalist Movement in Ecuador .
Gordan Vidović ( born 23 June 1968 in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a former football player who played for the Belgium national team .
Afro - Salvadorans are the descendants of the African population that were transported to El Salvador .
Ali Fawzi Rebaine ( Arabic : علي فوزي رباعين‎ ) ( born January 24 , 1955 in Algiers ) is the leader of the Ahd 54 political party in Algeria .
Shahabaz Aman ( born in Malappuram in Kerala , India ) is a playback singer .
Klaus Eberhartinger ( born 12 June 1950 in Gmunden , Upper Austria ) is an Austrian singer and presenter .
Saint Wiborada of St. Gall ( also Guiborat or Weibrath ) ( died 926 ) was a member of the Swabian nobility in what is present - day Switzerland .
Dr. Ayibatonye Owei was born in Lagos on 12 July 1957 ; few years before Nigeria gained her Independence and hails from Sangana , Akassa in Brass LGA of Bayelsa State .
Pier Luigi Stefani is a producer of programs for the first Italian Private TV is taken care of international relations for co - productions and realizes the first independent TV News in Italy .
Peter Wolff was the Speaker of the Landtag of Liechtenstein ( the national Parliament ) .
Father Joseph Kentenich ( b. 16 November , 1885 , Gymnich , Rhine Province ; d. 15 September 1968 in Schoenstatt , Vallendar , Germany ) was a Pallottine priest and founder of the Schoenstatt Movement .
Jan Francisci ( 14 June 1691 -- 27 April 1758 ) was an organist and composer born in Neusohl , Kingdom of Hungary ( now Banská Bystrica , Slovakia ) .
Legally it was Germany 's highest military decoration at the time of its presentation to Ludwig Crüwell .
Eddy Vilard ( born Manuel Eduardo Villasana Ruiz on November 2 , 1988 in Cancún , Quintana Roo , Mexico ) is a Mexican actor .
Farzad Mousakhani ( Persian : فرزاد موسی خانی ) ( born 1981 ) is an Iranian Strongman competing for Iran in international strongman competitions .
Alexis Cabrera ( born March 18 , 1987 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Sportivo Rivadavia of the Torneo Argentino B.
Edmundo Murray studied in Argentina , the United States and Switzerland .
Mathieu Reverdin ( born 22 July 1987 in Gleizé , France ) is a former professional ice hockey player .
Daniela Petrescu ( born 13 April 1968 ) is a long - distance runner from Romania , who specializes mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Mattis Hætta ( born 15 March 1959 in Masi , Norway ) is a Norwegian Sami singer and recording artist .
Pieter de Carpentier was born in Antwerp in 1586 , shortly after the formation of the newly independent Dutch Republic ( Republic of the Seven United Netherlands , or United Provinces ) .
Angelo Barretto ( born September 29 , 1969 ) is a race car driver born , raised and continues to reside in the Philippines .
Robin Tampoe ( 29 December 1930 - 2002 ) was a pioneering film maker from Sri Lanka .
Jaime Nielsen ( born 3 September 1985 ) is a New Zealand track and road cyclist .
Horst Fascher ( born 5 February 1936 , Hamburg ) is a previous German nightclub bouncer , and a friend of The Beatles during their days playing in Hamburg , Germany .
Amiya Kumar Dasgupta ( 16 July 1903 -- 14 January 1992 ) was an Indian economist who has been described as `` one of the founding fathers of modern economics in India '' and `` a true pioneer in developmental economics '' .
Eva Vermandel ( born 1974 ) is a photographer born in Belgium in 1974 who relocated to London in 1996 to live and work .
Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair ( March 11 , 1914 -- August 15 , 1990 ) was one of the most renowned Kathakali artists of any time , and arguably the greatest in the history of the four - century - old classical dance - drama from Kerala in southern India .
Espen Rud ( born 29 January 1948 in Asker , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( drums ) , composer and music arranger , and the son of the famous Norwegian author Nils Johan Rud ( 1908 - 93 ) .
François Klaus ( born in France ) , is a ballet dancer and choreographer .
Aidan Baker ( born 1974/1975 ) is a musician from Toronto , Canada who has released numerous records both as a solo artist and as part of various side projects , including Nadja , ARC , and Mnemosyne .
Seo Ji - soo ( born 21 May 1985 ) is a former professional StarCraft player from South Korea who played under the alias ToSsGirL ( Terran , STX Soul ) and referred to as the `` Queen of Terran '' .
Juan Daniel Salaberry Brum ( born on February 7 , 1980 in Salto , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan footballer that currently plays for Club Jorge Wilstermann in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano .
Abdullah bin Khalifa Al Thani ( عبد الله بن خليفة آل ثاني ) ( born 1959 , Doha ) was Prime Minister of Qatar from 29 October 1996 to 3 April 2007 .
Irma Heijting - Schuhmacher ( 24 February 1925 -- 8 January 2014 ) was a freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands who won two medals at the Summer Olympics .
Dirk Adamiak ( born 1970 ) , better known by his stage name Blutonium Boy , is a hardstyle producer , DJ and business man from Germany .
Nguyễn Phong Hồng Duy ( born 13 June 1996 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Left winger and Left - back for V - League ( Vietnam ) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C.
Jacques Ruffié , born 22 November 1921 in Limoux , France died 1 July 2004 was a French haematologist , geneticist and Anthropologist .
Due to the success and demand of Natsu Doko , a live tour called Fuyu Doko 2009 was held in the winter of 2009 with 19 D - Boys members and Yu Shirota visiting major cities in Japan to promote the Natsu Doko 2009 CD+DVD release .
Philip Turbett ( born 15 June 1961 in Omagh , Northern Ireland ) is a British bassoonist and clarinettist also specialising in historically informed performance .
Gadzhimurat Kamalov , an ethnic Avar , was born in the village of Sogratl , in the Gunibsky District of Dagestan , Russia .
Gilberto Righi ( 1937 - -1999 ) was an important earthworm taxonomist from São Paulo , Brazil , who helped define the magnitude of his country 's diverse soil fauna .
John Baptist Purcell was born at Mallow , County Cork , Ireland on February 26 , 1800 , the son of Edward and Johanna Purcell who gave their children all the advantages of the education attainable at a time when the penal laws were less rigorously enforced .
Patrick Ah Van ( born 17 March 1988 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays in the Super League for Widnes .
Nemesio Camacho Macias ( Subachoque , Colombia , November 1869 - Paris , France , May 7 , 1929 ) was a Colombian lawyer , politician and businessman .
Abd al - Rahman Shahbandar ( 1880 -- June 1940 ) was a prominent Syrian nationalist during the French Mandate of Syria and a leading opponent of compromise with French authority .
Ulf Thomas Söderberg ( born 19 December 1948 ) was Bishop of Västerås , Sweden , from 2008 to 2015 .
Roberto Bravo ( born 1947 , Villa Azueta , Veracruz , Mexico ) is a novelist and a short story writer .
Maude Lloyd was born in Cape Town , the southernmost city and legislative capital of South Africa .
Blendi Fevziu ( born May 18 , 1969 , Tirana , Albania ) is an Albanian journalist , writer and host of the TV talk show Opinion , which first went on air on 31 August 1997 .
João Carlos dos Santos or simply known as João Carlos ( born September 10 , 1972 in Sete Lagoas , Brazil ) is a Brazilian football player .
Senee Kaewnam ( Thai : เสนีย์ แก้วนาม , born September 5 , 1986 ) , or simply known as Say ( Thai : เส ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Sheys Rezaei Khonakdar ( Persian : شيث رضایی خنکدار‎‎ , born 21 March 1984 in Sari , Iran ) is an Iranian footballer .
Dr. Géza Szénási ( 23 November 1919 -- 21 February 1979 ) was a Hungarian jurist , who served as Chief Prosecutor of Hungary from 1956 - 1975 .
Jean - Gabriel Charvet ( 1750 - -1829 ) , also known as Jean Gabriel Charvet , was a French painter , designer and draftsman who was born in Serrières , Ardèche , France .
Alma Beltran ( born August 22 , 1919 in Sonora , Mexico -- died June 9 , 2007 ) was a Mexican - American veteran film , stage and television actress .
Theinhko ( Burmese : သိန်းခို ; also Theinkho , pronounced : ( θéiɴkʰò ) ; c. 919 - -956 ) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) from c. 934 to c. 956 .
José María Pinedo ( 21 June 1795 -- 19 February 1885 ) was a commander in the navy of the United Provinces of the River Plate one of the precursor states of what is now known as Argentina .
Hiroyasu Tanaka ( Japanese:田中 浩康 , born May 24 , 1982 in Kyoto , Japan ) is a Japanese professional baseballer for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows .
Tuomas Holopainen was born in Kitee , Finland on 25 December 1976 the son of entrepreneur Pentti Holopainen and Kirsti Nortia - Holopainen , a former music and English teacher in a small elementary school .
Brad Hodge made 99 not out off 86 balls to steer Australia to victory against New Zealand on 4 February 2007 , when he was called into the team because Andrew Symonds had pulled out with a torn bicep .
Émile Desportes ( born in Pont l'Evêque , France)(1878 - death date unknown ) was a French composer , conductor , painter , inventor and explorer .
Carmine Di Giandomenico ( born 1973 in Teramo , Italy ) is a comics artist .
Sabindra Shrestha ( Nepali : सबिन्द्र श्रेष्ठ ) ( born 5 January 1992 ) is a footballer from Nepal .
Mosadi Seboko ( born 7 June 1950 ) is the kgosikgolo of the Balete people in Botswana .
Henri Marie Lenoury ( 6 November 1771 -- 25 September 1839 ) , sometimes incorrectly called Noury , was a French general born in Craconville , France .
Juliana Bragança Saúda Silveira , known as Juliana Silveira ( born March 12 , 1980 in Santos ( São Paulo ) , Brazil ) , is a Brazilian actress and singer .
Jozef Slovák ( born 1951 ) is a Slovak serial killer who murdered at least five women in Slovakia and Czech Republic from 1978 to 1991 .
David Benedek ( born 3 June 1980 in Munich , West Germany ) is a former professional snowboarder .
Jama Awil Aden ( born 2 September 1948 ) is a former long - distance runner who competed for Somalia .
Raphael von Koeber was born in Nizhny Novgorod , Russia , but his father ( a doctor ) was ethnic German .
In 2009 , at the age of 7 , Anastasiya Petryk appeared on the second season of Ukraine 's Got Talent with her older sister Viktoria `` Vika '' Petryk , who represented Ukraine in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 , finishing in second place .
Alain Hutchinson ( born 10 December 1949 ) is a Belgian politician and Member of the European Parliament for the French Community of Belgium with the Parti Socialiste , part of the Socialist Group and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on Development where he is Coordinator for the Socialist group .
Xian Henghan ( Chinese : 冼恒汉 ) ( September 30 , 1911 -- November 19 , 1991 ) was a People 's Liberation Army lieutenant general and People 's Republic of China politician .
Kim Hye - min ( born February 20 , 1985 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a retired South Korean ice dancer .
Pauli Kuusijärvi ( born 21 March 1986 in Espoo ) is a Finnish footballer , who represents HIFK in the Veikkausliiga , the premier division of football in Finland .
Roberto Cossa was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , and raised in the quiet residential borough of Villa del Parque .
René Chaloult ( January 26 , 1901 -- December 20 , 1978 ) was a nationalist politician in Quebec , Canada .
Ignazio Bedini , S.D.B. , is the current Roman Catholic archbishop of Ispahan ( Isfahan ) , Iran .
Omid Kokabee ( Persian : امید کوکبی ; born 1982 ) is an Iranian experimental laser physicist at the University of Texas at Austin who was arrested in Iran after returning from the United States to visit his family in January 30 , 2011 .
Philip Opiyo ( born 27 February 1979 ) is a former footballer who played professionally in South Africa and represented the Kenya national football team .
Taiawhio Tikawenga Te Tau ( 1860 - -1939 ) was a notable New Zealand farmer , horse breeder , religious leader and local politician .
Finbar Patrick McGuigan MBE ( born 28 February 1961 ) , known as Barry McGuigan and nicknamed The Clones Cyclone , is a retired Irish professional boxer from Clones , County Monaghan , Ireland who became a World Boxing Association featherweight champion .
Gheorghe Vodă ( December 24 , 1934 , Văleni - February 24 , 2007 , Chişinău ) was a writer from Moldova .
Mohammad Salsali ( Persian : محمد صلصالی‎‎ , born August 28 , 1983 in Esfahan , Iran ) is an Iranian football player who .
Jon Samseth , born July 23 , 1954 in Trondheim , Norway , is a Norwegian engineer and professor of physics .
Elize du Toit was born in Grahamstown , South Africa , the second of four children , to an artist mother and an orthodontist father .
Deividas Šemberas ( born 2 August 1978 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) is a retired Lithuanian professional footballer who played as a defender and a defensive midfielder .
Mohammad Oraz ( Kurdish : Mihemed Ewraz ) , ( Persian : محمد اوراز ‎ ) , born 1969 in Naghadeh , Iran -- died September 6 , 2003 , Islamabad , Pakistan ) was an Iranian Kurd mountain climber .
Mariam Petrosyan was born in 1969 in Yerevan , the capital of Armenia .
Jean - François Fillion , better known as Jeff Fillion , is a well - known radio host and businessman in Quebec , Canada .
Gastón Otreras ( born August 24 , 1985 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer who last played for CA Fénix in the Primera B Metropolitana .
Joey B was born in Cape Coast , Central Region of the Republic of Ghana .
Ivan Atanassov Petrov , ( b. 1947 ) is a noted Bulgarian neurologist and head of the Clinic of Neurology at the Medical Institute of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Sofia , Bulgaria , and holds a MD , and PhD.
Sulakshana Naik ( born 10 November 1978 in Mumbai ) is a cricketer who has played in 31 women 's One Day Internationals , six Twenty20 internationals and two Tests for India .
Brendon Lindsay ( born 21 September 1977 in Australia ) , is an Australian - born Scotland international rugby league player .
He later went on a six - country tour entitled Song Joong - ki Asia Fan Meeting Tour - THRILL & LOVE , holding fan meetings in Thailand , Singapore , China , Hong Kong , Taiwan and Seoul , South Korea .
Pierre Lescot ( c. 1510 -- September 1578 ) was a French architect active during the French Renaissance , `` the man who was first responsible for the implantation of pure and correct classical architecture in France . ''
Mala Kachalla ( November 1941 -- 18 April 2007 ) was governor of Borno State in Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2003 .
Reverend Father Jean - Marie Coquard ( 27 November 1859 -- 27 June 1933 ) was a French Christian medical missionary who traveled to Abeokuta , Nigeria , which is the capital of the Ogun State , to provide surgery and care .
Poul la Cour was born on 13 April 1846 on a farm near Ebeltoft in Denmark .
Mustafa Sandal ( born 11 January 1970 ) , also known as Musti , is a Turkish pop music singer - songwriter , record producer , dancer , businessman , and actor whose albums have sold over 20 million copies worldwide and have achieved diamond , platinum , and gold certifications in Turkey .
Ram Bahadur Bomjon ( Sanskrit : राम बहादुर बामजान ) ( born c. 9 April 1990 , sometimes spelled Bomjan , Banjan , or Bamjan ) , also known as Palden Dorje ( his monastic name ) and now Dharma Sangha , is from Ratanapuri , Bara district , Nepal .
Alison Blomfield Pickmere ( 1908 - -1971 ) was a New Zealand secretary , interior decorator and artist .
Bohdan Beniuk ( Ukrainian : Богдан Михайлович Бенюк ) is a Ukrainian actor of theater and cinema , politician , People 's Artist of Ukraine ( 1996 ) .
Albert Boonstra ( born 22 May 1957 ) is a retired swimmer from the Netherlands .
David Krutko ( born November 11 , 1957 ) is a retired territorial level politician in Northern Canada and a former speaker of the Northwest Territories legislature .
Mat Hocken is a former New Zealand under 21 Rugby International player currently playing for the Brussels Barbarians .
Manzo Iwata was born in Tokyo , Japan , to a family that owned the Iwata - en Tea Company .
Julia Zwehl ( born 20 March 1976 in Hannover ) is a former field hockey international from Germany .
Blessed Victoire Rasoamanarivo ( 1848 -- 21 August 1894 ) was a woman from Madagascar who devoted her life to the poor and the sick .
Rihard Jakopič was born in Krakovo , a suburb of Ljubljana , the capital of Carniola in the Austria-- Hungary , now Slovenia .
Bobby - Gaye Wilkins ( born 10 September 1988 ) is a Jamaican athlete who represented Jamaica at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China , winning a bronze medal in the 4×400 metres relay .
Mehmet Sabancı ( April 25 , 1963 -- November 9 , 2004 ) , a member in third generation of the renowned Sabancı family in Turkey , was a businessman .
Aleksander Wolszczan ( alɛkˈsandɛr ˈvɔlʂt͡ʂan ) ( born 29 April 1946 in Szczecinek , Poland ) is a Polish astronomer .
Martin Woolf Sr . ( October 18 , 1858 -- August 25 , 1928 ) was a politician , civil servant and police magistrate from Alberta , Canada .
Martim Afonso Telo de Meneses ( died in Toro , 26 January 1356 ) , was a Portuguese nobleman , member of the Téllez de Meneses lineage , and the father of Leonor Teles , queen consort of Portugal .
Norman Atun is a film actor from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
The Blessed Gerhard Hirschfelder ( 17 February 1907 - 1 August 1942 ) , was born in Gladz , Germany and died in Dachau Concentration camp .
Iraia Te Ama - o - te - rangi Te Whaiti ( c.1861 -- 15 November 1918 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , farmer and historian .
Jacob Carstensen ( born September 10 , 1978 in Kastrup , Tårnby ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Denmark , who competed in three consequentive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1996 .
Dr. Sharmila Bhattacharya ( born in Lagos , Nigeria and grew up in India ) is the head of the Biomodel Performance and Behavior laboratory at NASA Ames Research Center .
Leigh Hart ( born 20 July 1970 ) is a New Zealand performance artist who is also known as `` That Guy '' .
Count Enrico Marone Cinzano ( April 5 , 1963 ) was born in Turin , Italy to Count Alberto Paolo Rodolfo Marone Cinzano Alcorta and Cristina Marone Cinzano , born Countess Camerana .
Stefan Ilsanker ( born 6 July 1965 in Berchtesgaden , Bavaria ) is a German luger who competed for West Germany from the late 1980s to the early 1990s .
Pierre Lemieux ( born April 9 , 1963 in Embrun , Ontario ) is a former politician in Ontario , Canada .
Viola Valli ( born 15 May 1972 ) is a former long distance swimmer from Italy .
Labaran Maku ( born 1962 ) is the former Minister for Information in Nigeria .
Suriya Tatakhun , who boxes as Chonlatarn Piriyapinyo ( born in Amnat Charoen Province , Thailand ) is a Thai professional boxer who fights at featherweight .
Carlo del Prete ( 27 August 1897 -- 16 August 1928 ) was a pioneer aviator from Italy .
Asma Barlas ( born 1950 ) , is an academic educated in Pakistan and the United States .
Ayman Ashraf ( Arabic : أيمن اشرف‎ ) ( born April 9 , 1991 Cairo , Egypt ) is an Egyptian Footballer .
Carolina Ruiz Castillo ( born 14 October 1981 ) is a retired World Cup alpine ski racer from Spain .
Toshio Gotō ( 後藤 俊夫 Gotō Toshio , born 1938 in Ina , Nagano , Japan ) is a Japanese director .
Anil K. Bera was born in a remote village Paschimchak , West Bengal , India .
Vicente Gerbasi was born in Canoabo , a small city in Carabobo in Northern Venezuela as child of Italian immigrants .
Ludmila Manicler ( born 6 July 1987 in San Pedro ) is a women 's football player from Argentina currently playing for Boca Juniors and Argentina national team .
Faryal Talpur , ( Urdu : فریال تالپور ‎ ) is a politician in Sindh , Pakistan .
Pulpurru Davies is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia .
Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden was born on the Hadhramaut coast of south Yemen in 1908 to Awad bin Aboud bin Laden , a Kindite Hadhrami tribesman from al - Rubat , a village in Wadi Doan ;
Enzo Mirigliani ( 22 April 1917 -- 26 September 2011 ) was an internationally known celebrity for his work as the head of the Miss Italy beauty pageant .
John Shrapnell ( born 25 December 1934 ) is a New Zealand television journalist turned singer - actor .
Nelson Estupiñán Bass ( 1912 - -2002 ) was born in Sua , a city in the predominantly Afro - Ecuadorian province of Esmeraldas in Ecuador .
R. Roshan Baig ( born 15 July 1953 ) is a minister of Karnataka state in India .
Jong Il - gwan ( Hangul : 정일관 , Hancha : 鄭日冠 , born 30 October 1992 ) in North Korea is a footballer who plays as a Striker .
Ruslan Khinchagov ( born January 29 1970 ) is s former competitor in Freestyle Wrestling from Uzbekistan .
Mor Sæther ( born Anne Johansdatter Viker , Grue , Norway 20 October 1793 -- 25 April 1851 , Christiania ( Oslo ) ) , was a Norwegian `` klok kone '' ( `` cunning woman '' ) , that is , a herbalist .
Ferenc Győri ( born September 15 , 1964 in Kiskunfélegyháza , Hungary ) is a Hungarian ultramarathon runner , geographer , and university lecturer .
Abbas Sarwani was a historian during the Mughal period in India .
Umesh Chandra Patra ( ଉମେଶ ଚନ୍ଦ୍ର ପାତ୍ର ) ( 18 February 1942 -- 9 February 2015 ) , also known as Dr. U. C. Patra was a zoologist , intellectual , scholar , professor and administrator from the state of Orissa , India .
Jaak Huimerind ( born May 4 , 1957 in Tartu , Estonia ) is a notable Estonian architect .
Born in Varennes , Lower Canada , the son of Félix Geoffrion and Catherine Brodeur , he was trained and practiced as a notary .
Schiller Hyppolite ( born May 23 , 1986 , in Haiti ) is a professional boxer from Canada .
Mehdi Nasiri ( Persian : مهدی نصیری‎‎ , born 11 November 1987 in Isfahan , Iran ) is an Iranian association footballer who currently plays for Giti Pasand Fc in Azadegan League .
Albertus Pictor ( English , `` Albert the Painter '' ; Immenhusen , c. 1440 -- c. 1507 ) , also called Albert Pictor , Albert Målare and Albrekt Pärlstickare ( Swedish ) , is the most famous late medieval Swedish painter , known for his wallpaintings surviving in numerous churches in southern and central Sweden .
Marek Švec ( born February 17 , 1973 in Havlíčkův Brod ) is an amateur Greco - Roman wrestler from the Czech Republic .
Hernando de Lerma ( born November 1 , 1541 ) was a conqueror , politician , lawyer and city founder from Seville , Spain .
Chloé Sainte - Marie ( born Marie - Aline Joyal on May 29 , 1962 in Saint - Eugène - de - Grantham , Québec , Canada ) is an actress , singer , activist , and official spokesperson for a network of natural caregivers in Québec .
Shyam Dhakal ( Nepali : श्याम ढकाल ) ( born November 5 , 1981 ) is at this time the highest ranking Alpine skier from Nepal .
Rabindra Mishra ( Nepali : रवीन्द्र मिश्र ) is chief editor of BBC Nepali service , writer and founder of Help Nepal Network .
Pranė Dundulienė published her first scientific paper in 1939 , it was related to ethnographic relics and traditions of the Marcinkonys area in Lithuania .
Pietie Coetzee ( born 2 September 1978 ) is a field hockey player from South Africa who was born in Bloemfontein .
Graco Ramírez holds a bachelor 's degree in law from the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) .
Pierre Lacans ( born 23 April 1957 -- 30 September 1985 ) was a French Rugby union footballer that represented France .
Jorge Beauchef ( 1787 in Velay , France - June 10 , 1840 in Santiago , Chile ) was a French military who participated in the Napoleonic Wars and later on in the Chilean Independence War .
Haji Altaf Hussain Unar ( Urdu : الطاف حسین انڑ ‎ ) was a politician from Larkana , Sindh , Pakistan .
Sondul Chapouk was a member of the Interim Iraq Governing Council created following the United States ' 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Walter Robert Johnson ( born September 27 , 1927 ) ) is a farmer , rancher and former political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Quinton Friend ( born 16 February 1982 ) is a South African domestic cricketer as well as a regular representative in the South Africa A cricket team .
Joseph Valois ( 1767 -- January 3 , 1835 ) is a businessman , farmer and political figure in Lower Canada .
Sione Mafileo ( born 14 April 1993 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a prop for North Harbour in the ITM Cup .
Francis Edward Bigge ( 1820 - -1915 ) was a pioneer pastoralist and politician in Queensland , Australia .
Marcin Budziński currently plays for the Poland U-21 .
Paolo Rosario Farrugia ( 22 August 1836 -- 21 December 1907 ) was a Maltese prelate who became the Auxiliary Bishop of Malta in 1907 .
Franziska Rochat - Moser ( 17 August 1966 -- 7 March 2002 ) was a long - distance runner from Switzerland , who represented her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1992 .
Max von Gruber was the son of Ignaz Gruber ( 1803 - -1872 ) , a general practitioner and the first specialist in otology in Austria , and publisher of a two - volume textbook on medical chemistry ( 1835 ) .
In addition , Birger Nordholm was a philanthropist to various international charities , including the Birger Nordholm Foundation ( Swedish : Birger Nordholms stiftelse ) , posthumously founded at his former secondary school Östra Real in Östermalm , Stockholm , Sweden .
Ralph Biasi ( born 11 October 1947 ) is a Brazilian civil engineer who was elected the youngest mayor of the city of Americana , São Paulo , Brazil in the 1970s .
Ferdinand Steiner was a gymnast from Bohemia in what is now the Czech Republic .
Boris Stepanovich Petrov ( Russian : Петров , Борис Степанович ) ( July 10 , 1910 , Oryol , Russian Empire -- 1981 , Leningrad ) was a Russian and Soviet painter and mountain climber , who lived and worked in Leningrad .
Benu Sen ( 26 May 1932 -- 17 May 2011 ) was an Indian photographer from Kolkata , India .
Parker W. Borg ( born May 25 , 1939 , in Minneapolis , Minnesota ) is a former professor at the American University of Rome and is a former United States Ambassador to Mali and Iceland .
Catherine Jauniaux began her career as an actress in Belgium at the age of 15 .
Karel Vosátka ( born November 20 , 1929 in Plzeň ) was a pairs figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Hussein Bakry Gazzaz ( Born March 10 , 1925 ) is a Saudi Arabian businessman who founded the Gazzaz Department Stores chain in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Klaas Hendrikse ( born 1947 in Groot - Ammers ) is a pastor of the Protestant Church in the Netherlands , who is famous for declaring that he ' believes in a God who does not exist .
Anna Rajecka was raised as a protegé of king Stanisław August Poniatowski of Poland .
Jacques - Laurent Agasse ( April 24 , 1767 -- December 27 , 1849 ) was an animal and landscape painter from Switzerland .
Garratt Williamson ( born 27 April 1971 ) is a retired New Zealand rugby union referee .
Rony Sefo ( born 10 April 1972 in New Zealand ) is a former two time World Champion New Zealand kickboxer and MMA fighter that have fought on Pride Fighting Championships and K-1 .
Ayatullah Haj Sayyid Mohsen Kharazi ( Persian : سید محسن خرازی‎‎ ) ( born in 1937 in Tehran ) is a member of the Assembly of Experts of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
José Lino Matute served as the acting president of Honduras from 12 November 1838 until 10 January 1839 .
Roland Grapow ( born 30 August 1959 in Hamburg , Germany ) is a professional guitarist and music producer .
Joachim 's parents were Ferenc Joachim and Emilia Metz of Szeged , Hungary .
Hayden Paddon ( born 20 April 1987 ) is a New Zealand rally driver .
Cedric Myton ( born 1947 in Old Harbour , Jamaica ) , is a Reggae musician and Rastafarian .
Nick Bradley - Qalilawa ( born 28 March 1980 in Darlinghurst , New South Wales , Australia ) was an Australian professional rugby league player .
Per Lie ( 20 May 1907 -- 5 March 1945 ) was a Norwegian labour activist who was imprisoned and killed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany .
Jean Michel Camille Malfroy ( 23 March 1839 - -6 January 1897 ) was a New Zealand engineer and local politician .
Pamela Rooks ( 1958 -- 1 October 2010 ) was an Indian film director and screenwriter , most known for the film , Train to Pakistan ( 1998 ) set in Partition of India and based on Khushwant Singh 's novel ; it was screened at several international film festivals .
Godwin Emefiele is the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria .
Ihor Dolhov ( Ukrainian : Ігор Олексійович Долгов ) ( birth : June 6 , 1957 , Slavuta , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian diplomat .
Alfred Thomas Gurd ( 30 March 1846 Moore Township , Ontario , Canada -- August 1919 St. Clair , Michigan ) was an Ontario farmer , entrepreneur and political figure .
Josip Bozanić was born in Rijeka , Yugoslavia ( now Croatia ) , to Ivan Bozanić and Dinka Valković .
In 1888 , Dorus Rijkers met King William III of the Netherlands after rescuing sailors from the German barque Renown .
Jason Kouchak is a pianist , composer and singer - songwriter whose works , interests , public contributions and charitable associations span the world including the United Kingdom , France , Japan , Singapore and Hong Kong .
María Inés Guerra Núñez ( born July 1 , 1983 in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico ) , commonly known as María Inés Guerra , is a Mexican TV - hostess and singer .
Michel Pharaon ( Arabic : ميشال فرعون‎ ) , a Lebanese politician , and the current Minister of Tourism in Lebanon .
Jesús Adrián Romero is a Mexican author , Christian music singer , composer , and pastor from Hermosillo , Sonora in Mexico .
Babubhai Patel , known by his alias Babu Bajrangi , is a leader of the Gujarat - wing of the Bajrang Dal , a Hindu nationalist organization in India .
Janina Borońska - Łągwa ( 16 June 1943 , Łódź , Poland - ) is a Polish film and theatre actress , and the mother of the composer and vocalist Jacek Łągwa .
Krishna Das Shrestha ( Nepali : कृष्णदास श्रेष्ठ ) is a Nepalese politician who broke away from the Bagmati District Committee - which functioned semi - autonomously - of the Communist Party of Nepal in 1969 to found the Communist Party of Nepal ( Marxist -- Leninist -- Maoist ) in 1981 .
Stéphane Lecat ( born August 6 , 1971 , Nogent - sur - Marne ) is a former long - distance swimmer from France .
Jorge Bucay ( born October 30 , 1949 ) is a gestalt psychotherapist , psychodramatist , and writer from Argentina .
Krisztina Czakó ( born December 17 , 1978 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a former Hungarian figure skater .
Born in Rio Grande , Chinesinho played for Renner , Internacional and Palmeiras in Brazil , before moving to Italy to play for Modena Football Club , Catania , Juventus and Lanerossi Vicenza , and in the United States for the New York Cosmos .
Baliram Sukur Jadhav ( Marathi : बळीराम सुकुर जाधव ) is an Indian politician and a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India .
His Majesty Sri Sultan Hamengkubuwono X ( also spelled as Hamengkubuwana X , often abbreviated as HB X ) ( born BRM Herjuno Darpito , 2 April 1946 in Yogyakarta ) is the Sultan of the historic Yogyakarta Sultanate in Indonesia , and is currently also the Governor of the modern Yogyakarta Special Region ( Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta ) .
Henri Sagna lives and works in Senegal .
Jean - Christophe , Prince Napoléon ( Jean Christophe Louis Ferdinand Albéric Napoléon ; born 11 July 1986 ) is , in the views of some monarchists , head of the former Imperial House of France and heir of the legacy of Napoleon Bonaparte .
Juraj Zaťovič ( born October 22 , 1982 in Slovakia ) is a water polo player for the University of Southern California , who received the 2006 Peter J. Cutino Award as the best collegiate water polo player among Division I NCAA teams .
Gustavo Sotelo ( born March 16 , 1968 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is a former Paraguayan footballer currently played for Clubs of Paraguay , Uruguay , Brazil and Chile . He played for the Paraguay national football team in the Copa América Ecuador 1993 and Uruguay 1995 .
Ha Su - gyeong ( born 17 May 1969 ) is a former synchronized swimmer from South Korea .
Brigitte D'Ortschy ( May 31 , 1921 -- July 9 , 1990 ) , or Koun - An Doru Chiko , was an architect , journalist , translator , author , and the first Zen master from Germany in the Sanbo Kyodan school of Japan .
Artur Mahraun ( 30 December 1890 -- 29 March 1950 ) was the founder and leader of the Young German Order ( Jungdeutscher Orden or Jungdo ) and an early contender for the leadership of the far right youth in Weimar Germany .
José Ángel Córdova Villalobos ( born 19 August 1953 in Mexico ) is a Mexican politician that served as Secretariat of Health and Secretariat of Public Education during Felipe Calderón administration .
Tribhuvandas Kishibhai Patel ( October 22 , 1903 -- June 3 , 1994 ) was the founder of the Kaira District Co - operative Milk Producers ' Union in 1946 , and later the Amul co - operative movement in Anand , Gujarat , India .
Tine Asmundsen ( born 8 April 1963 in Kongsberg , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( Upright bass ) , known from her own band `` Lonely Woman '' , playing with David Murray at Kongsberg Jazzfestival 2010 .
Mohammad Sarafraz ( Persian : محمد سرافراز‎‎ ; born 7 April 1961 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian media executive who is head of IRIB since 2014 .
Hugh McMonagle ( 1817 -- October 12 , 1889 ) was an inn - keeper and political figure in New Brunswick , later a province of Canada .
Bill Williamson born William James Williamson ( 19 December 1922 -- 28 January 1979 ) was an Australian jockey who enjoyed considerable success in Australia during the 1950s and in Europe during the 1960s .
Labina Mitevska ( Macedonian : Лабина Митевска ) ( born 1975 in Skopje , Socialist Republic of Macedonia , Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian actress .
Kei Nangon was born May 6 , 1991 , in Mungyeong , North Gyeongsang Province , South Korea as Nangon Hwae Ji to a prestigious social family .
Annie Lee Rees ( 1864 - -1949 ) was a New Zealand writer , teacher , lawyer and community leader .
María Fernanda Arozqueta Chahin ( born 16 January 1989 in Mexico City , Mexico ) , known professionally as Fernanda Arozqueta is a Mexican singer and actress best known as a former member of the Mexican pop group , `` La Nueva Banda Timbiriche '' .
Diosa Canales ( born as Dioshaily Rosfer Canales Gil on January 11 , 1987 in El Tigre , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan singer , actress , and model .
Charles Quentin Fernie Pope ( 1900 - -1961 ) , known as Quentin , was a New Zealand writer , journalist , poet and poetry anthologist , foreign correspondent and war correspondent .
Harald Lassen ( born 13 March 1987 in Kristiansand , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician who has devoted his career exclusively to his own band .
Fergus Fortamail ( `` strong , prevailing '' ) , son of Bresal Brecc , son of Óengus Ollom , son of Ailill Bracan , son of Labraid Loingsech , was , according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition , a High King of Ireland .
Cairbre Lifechair ( `` lover of the Liffey '' ) , son of Cormac mac Airt , was , according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition , a High King of Ireland .
Genc Mulliqi ( born 21 January 1966 in Fier , Albania ) is an Albanian artist , specialising in sculptures and abstract paintings .
François de Montmorency - Bouteville ( 1600 -- 22 June 1627 ) was the second son of Louis de Montmorency , Comte de Bouteville , Vice - Admiral of France under Henri IV . François succeeded his brother Henri in 1616 and became Duke of Luxembourg and Governor of Senlis .
Oswaldo Frota - Pessoa was born in Rio de Janeiro , where he did all his studies , first in natural history at the Federal District University ( currently the State University of Rio de Janeiro ) , graduating in 1938 ; and subsequently medicine at the National School of Medicine of University of Brazil , graduating in 1941 .
Mariano de Leon Regaliza ( born November 18 , 1958 ) , also known as Julio Diaz , is a versatile film and television actor in the Philippines .
Jia Ruskaja ( born Evgenija Borisenko ; January 6 , 1902 - April 19 , 1970 ) was a Russian dancer and choreographer who established a national dance school in Italy .
Mayly Sánchez was born in Caracas , Venezuela and relocated with her family to Mérida , Venezuela at the age of 13 .
Y.A.M. Dato ' Haji Mohammad Jan bin Abdul Ghani ( born 10 August 1940 at Kampung Rokan , Johol ) , Dato ' Johan Pahlawan Lela Perkasa Setiawan , is the 14th and current Undang of Luak Johol , one of the traditional states of Negeri Sembilan in Malaysia .
Katsuo Tokashiki ( 渡嘉敷 勝男 , born July 27 , 1960 in Okinawa , Japan ) is a Japanese former WBA Light flyweight champion .
Keith Forde is a singer - songwriter and musician from Limerick , Ireland .
Dineo Ranaka ( born 16 December 1983 in South Africa at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital ) , is a radio and television presenter .
Veronica Strong - Boag , Ph . D , FRSC ( born 1947 in Prestwick , Scotland ) is a Canadian historian specializing in the modern history of women and children in Canada .
Russell Henderson , the Trinidadian musician who led the first carnival parade in 1965 , and Leslie Palmer , also from Trinidad and Tobago , who is credited with helping transform the local community festival into an internationally recognised event .
Norman Lowell contested the first European Parliament elections that were held in Malta on June 12 , 2004 , obtaining 1,603 first - count votes from a total of 250,691 votes cast ( 0.64 % ) .
Inga Jankauskaitė ( born 10 January 1981 in Kaunas , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian actress , singer , and piano player .
Petras Kunca ( born 1942 ) is a Lithuanian violinist , awarded the National Prize of Lithuania ( 1979 ) and the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas .
Geneviève Jeanson ( born August 29 , 1981 ) is a former professional bicycle racer from Quebec , Canada .
Rudolf Gopas ( né Hopp , 13 December 1913 -- 23 July 1983 ) was a New Zealand artist and art teacher .
Zeno Colò ( June 30 , 1920 -- May 12 , 1993 ) was a champion alpine ski racer from Italy .
William Bent Berczy ( January 6 , 1791 -- December 9 , 1873 ) was a farmer , painter and political figure in Upper Canada .
Mahiro Maeda ( 前田 真宏 Maeda Mahiro ) born March 14 , 1963 is one of the most prominent Japanese anime creators working today , having worked as director , character designer , and animator for many of Japan 's top series .
Dora del Hoyo Alonso ( 11 January 1914 - 10 January 2004 ; born Salvadora Honorata del Hoyo Alonso in Leon , Spain ) was one of the first women members of Opus Dei .
John Rout Hopkins ( ca.1829 -- 20 December 1897 ) was a politician in the Colony ( later State ) of Victoria , Australia .
Niels Frederiksen ( born 5 November 1970 ) is a Danish football manager currently in charge of Denmark U21 .
On 1 October 2009 at Tiananmen Square in Beijing , Lei Jia and Dai Yuqiang sang during the grand parade celebrating the 60th anniversary of the People 's Republic of China .
Mike Pougounas ' three - decade career has made him an influential and respected performing artist not only in Greece , but also within Europe as a whole .
Yossi Peled ( Hebrew : יוסי פלד‎ , born 18 January 1941 ) is an Israeli general and politician , the former Aluf of the Northern Command in the Israel Defense Forces .
Hilda Alexandra Wiseman ( 1894 - -1982 ) was a notable New Zealand bookplate designer , artist and calligrapher .
Ivan Hrvatska is a Croatian singer living in Canada , known for his songs about `` making love '' to national holidays of Canada and the USA .
Dr Sue Page AM is a past President of the Rural Doctors Association of Australia and current Board member of the Northern NSW Local Health District , North Coast GP Training , and the Australian Medicare Local Alliance .
Cas Jansen ( born Casper Jansen ) is a Dutch actor born on 24 June 1977 in Badhoevedorp , the Netherlands .
Kārlis Padegs ( October 8 , 1911 -- April 19 , 1940 ) is one of Latvia 's most popular artists .
Elitsa Todorova ( Bulgarian : Елица Тодорова ; born 2 September 1977 in Varna , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian folk singer and professional percussionist .
Gyula Szepesy ( Dömsöd , Hungary , 1913 -- Budapest , January 2001 ) Hungarian descriptive linguist .
Andrea Breth ( born 31 October 1952 in Rieden am Forggensee , Germany ) is a stage director .
Huldrych Zwingli or Ulrich Zwingli ( 1 January 1484 -- 11 October 1531 ) was a leader of the Reformation in Switzerland .
Daniel Peña Sanchez de Rivera ( born 1948 in Madrid , Spain ) is an industrial engineer who was rector of the Charles III University of Madrid .
Junior Moors ( born 30 July 1986 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Castleford Tigers in the Super League .
Kamalakanta Jena ( Oriya : କମଳାକାନ୍ତ ଜେନା ) is an Oriya writer from Odisha , India .
Stian Johannsen ( born October 12 , 1971 in Sarpsborg , Norway ) is a Norwegian musician known under the stage name `` Occultus '' and `` Cultoculus '' , among others .
Gnonnan Sossou Pierre Kouassivi , known by the stage name Gnonnas Pedro was a singer and musician from Lokossa , Benin .
Jean - Pierre Willem , born 24 May 1938 at Sedan , France , is a physician and founder of Médecins Aux Pieds Nus .
João Victor Saraiva ( born January 22 , 1977 in Luanda , Angola ) , better known as Madjer , is a Portuguese beach soccer player .
Jaspreet Jasz ( born Jaspreet Singh Kohli in New Delhi , India ) is an Indian singer whose vocals have been featured in Bollywood and Telugu cinema , as well as advertisement jingles .
Diane Thorne ( born 1943 or 1944 ) is a former provincial representative of Coquitlam - Maillardville in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia , Canada .
Margret Boveri was born in Würzburg , Germany , the daughter of German biologist Theodor Boveri and American biologist Marcella O'Grady Boveri .
Eiji Morioka ( 森岡 栄治 , June 8 , 1946 -- November 9 , 2004 ) was an Olympic boxing bronze medalist from Osaka , Japan .
Aron of Kangeq ( born in Kangeq on April 9 , 1822 ; died March 12 , 1869 ) was a Greenland Inuit hunter , painter , and oral historian .
Hugh John Montgomery ( July 31 , 1876 -- August 30 , 1956 ) was a merchant fox farmer and a provincial politician from Alberta , Canada .
Leszek Lichota ( born August 17 , 1977 in Wałbrzych , Poland ) is a Polish actor , best known for playing Grzegorz in Polish soap opera Na Wspólnej .
Kim Carrigan ( born in 1958 ) was Australia 's leading exponent of rockclimbing during the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Zhao Keshi ( simplified Chinese : 赵克石 ; traditional Chinese : 趙克石 ; pinyin : Zhào Kèshí ; born November 1947 ) is a general in the People 's Liberation Army of the People 's Republic of China .
Johan Bardoul ( born 16 June 1987 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a loose forward for Bay of Plenty in the ITM Cup and the Chiefs in Super Rugby .
Georg Dertinger ( 25 December 1902 - 21 January 1968 ) was a German politician from the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) .
Ilan Ben - Dov ( Hebrew : אילן בן דב‎ ) ( born 16 January 1957 in Tel Aviv , Israel ) is an Israeli businessman and investor .
Willem Van der Hagen was born in the Netherlands , probably in The Hague .
When chaos broke out in central China towards the end of the Han dynasty , Cheng Bing left for Jiao Province in southern China .
Luís Pérez Companc ( born 2 January 1972 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a rally driver and is son of Gregorio Pérez Companc .
Oskar Luts was born into a middle - class family in Järvepera , central Estonia , at that time in the government of Livonia ( Russian Empire ) .
Scylla Venâncio ( born May 9 , 1917 ) is a former Olympic freestyle swimmer from Brazil , who participated at one Summer Olympics for her native country .
Alicia Appleman - Jurman ( born 9 May 1930 , Rosulna , Poland ( present - day Rosilna , Ukraine ) ) is a Polish - born Israeli--
Cerinah Nebanda ( 1988 - 2012 ) was a member of the parliament of Uganda , representing the Butaleja District Women 's Constituency .
Andrea Molino ( born in 1964 in Turin , Italy ) is an Italian composer and conductor .
Ashoke Kumar Sen ( Bengali : অশোককুমার সেন ) ( 10 October 1913 -- 31 August 1996 ) was an Indian barrister , a former Cabinet minister of India , and an Indian parliamentarian .
Arthur Palethorpe ( 1854 -- unknown ) was a New Zealand cricketer who played for Wellington .
Nicolò Contarini became familiar with philosophy and soon gained a reputation for fairness in his conduct of the public administration of the Republic of Venice .
Eulalia of Mérida was a young Roman Christian martyred in Emerita , the capital of Lusitania ( modern Mérida in Spain ) , conventionally during the persecution under Diocletian and Maximian .
Hanneke Beaumont ( born 1947 Maastricht , the Netherlands ) is a Dutch - born sculptor .
Bendeniz ( born Deniz Çelik ; 25 July 1973 in Zurich , Switzerland ) is a Swiss - Turkish pop musician who is well known in Turkey .
Carlo Grano ( 14 October 1887 -- 2 April 1976 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Apostolic Nuncio to Italy from 1958 to 1967 , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1967 .
Lê Kính Tông ( chữ Hán : 黎敬宗 , 1588 -- 1619 ) , also called Lê Duy Tân ( 黎維新 ) was the emperor - king of Vietnam reigning from 1599 to 1619 .
Antonio Marín Muñoz born in Lopera , Province of Jaen , Spain , 1970 is a writer and historian .
Wael Riad was a regular player in Egypt 's Youth team who got the Bronze Medalist in FIFA World Youth Championship 2001 , as Riad scored twice against U.S.A and Finland .
Sunleif Rasmussen ( born March 19 , 1961 in Sandur in the Faroe Islands ) is the foremost Faroese composer of classical music .
Władysław Heinrich ( Warsaw , 1 January 1869 -- 30 June 1957 , Kraków , Poland ) was a Polish historian of philosophy , psychologist , professor at Kraków University and member of the Polish Academy of Learning .
Volodymyr Hrynyov , also Hryniov ( Ukrainian : Володимир Борисович Гриньов , Volodymyr Borysovych Hryn’ov ; Russian : Владимир Борисович Гринёв , Vladimir Borisovich Grinyov ) is a Ukrainian politician , statesman , former candidate to the President of Ukraine .
Martin Galway ( born 3 January 1966 , Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is one of the best known composers of chiptune video game music for the Commodore 64 sound chip , the SID soundchip , and for the Sinclair ZX Spectrum .
François Du Bois , born in La Charité - sur - Loire in Burgundy , France , is a composer , marimba virtuoso , as well as professor , columnist and author .
Valentí Massana Gracia ( born July 5 , 1970 in Viladecans ) is a Spanish race walker , and the record holder in Spain in the men 's 50 km walk ( 3h38´43 `` in Ourense , March 20 , 1994 .
Rainier Joseph Diaz Castillo , better known simply as Rainier Castillo ( born October 21 , 1985 in Quezon City , Philippines ) , is a Filipino actor , singer , model , and dancer .
Hayley Saunders ( born 7 February 1989 in Gore , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand netball player and member of the Southern Steel team in the ANZ Championship .
Daniel Lemma was born in Addis Abeba , Ethiopia , but came to Sweden as an infant .
Béhanzin ( 1844 -- December 10 , 1906 ) is considered the eleventh ( if Adandozan is not counted ) King of Dahomey , modern - day Benin .
Known for her flow , sharp and poetic lyrics as well as for her active involvement with the youth , Moona is an active member of United Artists for African Rap ( AURA ) in which she represents her native Benin .
Song Shilun ( Chinese : 宋时轮 ; pinyin : Sòng Shílún ; Wade -- Giles : Sung Shih - lun ; 1907 - -1991 ) , born September 10 , 1907 in Hunan Province , was a general of the People 's Liberation Army of the People 's Republic of China .
Henning Kraggerud ( born 23 June 1973 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian Musician ( violin & viola ) and composer .
Ita Rina was born on 7 July 1907 in the small town of Divača ( then Austro - Hungarian Empire , later Yugoslavia , now Slovenia ) as Italina Lida Kravanja .
Raphaël Jeune ( born 1975 ) is a road bicycle racer from France .
Jean Baptiste Carnoy ( 1836 - -1899 ) , born in Rumillies ( Belgium ) , was a Roman Catholic priest and a scientist in the field of cytology .
Matvar Singh Kandari ( sometimes Matbar Singh Kandari ) is a political leader and cabinet minister in present government of Uttarakhand state of India .
Jaypuri Gharti ( Nepali : जयपुरी घर्ती ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Jane Spencer , Baroness Churchill VA ( née Conyngham ; 1 June 1826 -- 24 December 1900 ) was an English peeress and companion of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom .
Mullah Abdul Salam Rocketi is a former Mujahideen `` freedom fighter '' and Taliban military commander who renounced his allegiance to run for the Parliament of Afghanistan in 2005 , and for the Presidency in 2009 .
Mohammad Haider Zhobal ( born in Kabul , Afghanistan ) is an afghan author of history .
Danny Nguyen ( born January 8 in Vietnam ) is a poker dealer and poker player from San Jose , California .
Ishay Berger ( Hebrew : ישי ברגר‎ ) ( born July 8 , 1978 in Haifa , Israel ) is an Israeli musician best known for his work as the lead guitarist for Israeli punk rock band Useless ID .
Tomasz Pryliński ( ( ˈprɨliɲski ) ; August 24 , 1847 -- November 15 , 1895 ) was a Polish architect and conservator active in Kraków during the foreign partitions of Poland .
Dr. Andrey Kovatchev is a Chairman of the Union of the European Federalists in Bulgaria .
Breda Pergar ( February 22 , 1953 -- April 27 , 1989 ) was a middle distance and long distance runner from Yugoslavia .
Jaspreet ' Jazim ' Sharma ( born September 14 , 1990 in Bathinda , Punjab , India ) is an Indian ghazal singer .
Talat Aziz ( Urdu : طلعت عزیز‎ ) ( born 11 November 1956 ) is a popular ghazal singer from Hyderabad , India .
Joop Demmenie ( 19 December 1918 in Rotterdam -- 3 June 1991 in Rotterdam ) is a former road cyclist from Netherlands .
Viktoriya Tokareva was born in 1937 in Leningrad , in the Soviet Union .
Alfonso Mondelo ( born August 13 , 1958 in Baracaldo , Spain ) is a soccer coach .
Lukáš Timulak studied at the Dance Conservatory in Bratislava ( Slovakia ) and Academie de Danse Classique Princesse Grace in Monaco .
Zafar Altaf ( 1 August 1941 -- 5 December 2015 ) was a cricketer for Pakistan , a cricket administrator , economist , senior civil servant and author .
Muhammad Ahmad al - Mangoush ( Arabic : محمد أحمد المنقوش‎ ) was General Secretary of the People 's Committee in Libya ( prime minister ) from 29 December 1997 to 1 March 2000 .
Henry Azra , also spelled Henri Azra , ( born 21 January 1952 in Casablanca , Morocco ) is a Los Angeles - based classical Moroccan musician .
Peter Bartosiewicz ( born 2 August 1942 in Žilina ) is a former pair skater who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Lillian Too is an author , television personality and feng shui practitioner from Malaysia .
Moumouni Fabré ( born 28 November 1953 ) is a Burkinabé politician who has served as the Ambassador of Burkina Faso to South Africa since 2008 .
Graham Vearncombe ( 28 March 1934 -- 30 November 1992 ) was a Wales international football player .
Rev. Marta Benavides ( born in San Salvador , El Salvador ) is a theologian , ordained minister , permaculturist , educator , and artist .
Phil Minton ( b. 2 November 1940 , Torquay , United Kingdom ) is a jazz / free - improvising vocalist and trumpeter .
On completion of their studies , R. Seshasayee left for Singapore to improve his skills while V. Seshasayee pursued his career in India .
Aliyah O'Brien was born in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada and is of Irish , Spanish , and Welsh descent .
Keith Cameron ( born 3 February 1978 in Whakatane ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a prop for Otago in the Air New Zealand Cup .
Mamunul Islam Mamun ( born 12 December 1988 ) is a Bangladeshi international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club and the Bangladesh national football team .
Yordenis Ugás Hernández ( born July 14 , 1986 in Santiago de Cuba ) is a Cuban amateur boxer best known to win the lightweight 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships at age 19 following Mario Kindelan .
Wi Whitu ( 1908 - -1983 ) was a notable New Zealand cook , blacksmith , midwife and exhumer .
Franco Nenci ( born January 25 , 1935 in Livorno , Italy ) is a former welterweight boxer .
Antoine Samuel Adam - Salomon was born to a French Jewish family on 9 January 1818 in La Ferté - sous - Jouarre , Seine - et - Marne , France .
Ali Alipour ( Persian : علی علیپور‎‎ ; born 11 November 1995 , in Qaemshahr , Iran ) is an Iranian football striker , who currently plays for Persian Gulf Pro League club Persepolis as a striker .
Somdech Norodom Narindrapong(Khmer : នរោត្តម នរិន្រ្ទពង្ស ) was a Prince of Cambodia .
Calvin Howarth ( born 18 June 1976 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand born former Scotland ' A ' international rugby union player .
Amrita Thapar born in Pune India was the former Miss India 2005 .
Wen Jiabao ( born 15 September 1942 ) was the sixth Premier of the State Council of the People 's Republic of China , serving as China 's head of government for a decade .
Moussa Bolokada Conde is a master drummer from Kissidougou , Guinea , expert of Malinke rhythms , and one of the world 's foremost djembefolas .
Koul Panha ( Khmer : គល់ បញ្ញា ) is an executive director of a non - governmental organization COMFREL ( The committee for Free and Fair Elections in Cambodia ) in Cambodia .
Frederick de Carteret Malet ( 1837 -- 21 March 1912 ) was a leader in business , church , and educational matters in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Hugo Crosthwaite ( born 1971 in Tijuana , Mexico ) is a contemporary figurative artist best known for his black and white graphite and charcoal drawings .
Dejumo Lewis ( born 1943 ) is a Nigerian film and television actor , famous for the Kabiyesi role in The Village Headmaster , Nigeria 's longest running television soap opera showed on Nigerian oldest television channel , NTA from 1968 to 1988 that stars the late Justus Esiri and Femi Robinson who died on May 20 , 2015 .
Renan Inestroza ( born 4 December 1965 ) is a member of the National Congress of Honduras representing the National Party of Honduras .
Princess Amélie of Orléans ( 28 September 1865 -- 25 October 1951 ) was the last Queen consort of Portugal , known to her husband 's subjects as `` Maria Amélia de Orleães '' .
Miguel Start ( born 30 November 1987 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a former rugby league player who represented Samoa .
ZP Theart was born on May 27 , 1975 in ClanWilliam , Western Cape Province , South Africa in Hazyview in the Eastern Transvaal , on a banana and litchi farm , and was raised there by his mother .
Paul Dobbs ( 5 October 1970 -- 10 June 2010 ) was a New Zealand motorcycle road racer and development test rider .
Amir Jan Khalunder ( 20 November 1924 ) born in Kabul he was an Afghanistan wrestler , who competed at the 1960 Summer Olympic Games in the lightweight freestyle event .
José María Figueres Olsen ( born in San José , Costa Rica , December 24 , 1954 ) , is a Costa Rican businessman , and politician .
Fazla ( born Muhamed Fazlagić , 17 April 1967 in Sarajevo ) is a singer from Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Carlos A. Petit was one of the most prominent screenwriters in the Cinema of Argentina , writing for over 30 films between 1941 and 1984 .
José Manuel Bastos Fialho Gouveia ( 30 April 1935 -- 2 October 2004 ) was a Portuguese television entertainment pioneer and former radio host , having hosted Portugal 's first television talk show .
Dr. Chibly Abouhamad Hobaica ( 1929 - -2005 ) was a lawyer , teacher and writer in Venezuela .
Denis Mandarino ( Denis Garcia Mandarino : born May 7 , 1964 in São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian composer , artist and writer , and a disciple of Hans - Joachim Koellreutter in choral conducting and aesthetics .
Briar Grace - Smith is an award - winning writer of scripts , screenplays and short stories from New Zealand .
The 1965 NHL Amateur Draft was held at the Queen Elizabeth Hotel in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Zabiuddin Ansari ( Abu Hamza ) 's name was listed in the list of `` 50 most wanted criminals sheltered in Pakistan '' released by India on 21 May 2011 .
Heino Hankewitz ( born 20 January 1954 in Viru - Nigula , Lääne - Virumaa , Estonia ) is an Estonian social manager .
Drissa Kone is a djembe master drummer from Mali .
Walter Dinnie ( 26 December 1850 -- 7 May 1923 ) was a New Zealand police commissioner , private detective and land board chairman .
So Sim - hyang ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 서심향 ; born on 1 July 1992 ) is a freestyle wrestler from North Korea .
Ilario Di Buò ( born 13 December 1965 in Trieste ) is an archer from Italy , who was formerly ranked number one in the world .
Albert Mousson , full name Johann Rudolf Albert Mousson , ( 17 March 1805 , Solothurn - 16 November 1890 ) was a physicist and a malacologist from Switzerland .
Oswald Tschirtner ( 1920 in Perchtoldsdorf , Lower Austria -- 20 May 2007 ) was a schizophrenic artist from Austria with the `` pseudonym '' of O.T.
Nina Breeder ( born in 1982 in Genova , Italy ) , is an Italian contemporary artist based in New York .
Miguel Acevedo was a featherweight professional boxer from Cuba .
Hervé Tchami ( born 20 February 1988 in Fopounga ) is a Cameroonian professional footballer , who plays for Turkish club Giresunspor and the Cameroon national team .
Henry Manders ( d. 5 January 1891 aged 62y ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament in the Otago region of New Zealand .
Zsuzsanna Laky ( born 17 April 1984 in Nagykanizsa , Zala , Hungary ) is a former beauty contestant and Miss Europe 2003 .
Carlos Grätzer is an Argentine composer born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , in 1956 .
George Edward Downs ( 25 July 1856 -- 2 April 1936 at Adelaide , South Australia ) was a cricket Test match umpire .
José Meiffret ( 1913 - 1983 , born Boulouris , France ) was a cyclist who set a world motor - paced speed record of 204.73 km / h ( 127.243 mi / h ) behind a Mercedes - Benz 300SL on the German Autobahn on July 19 , 1962 at Freiburg Germany .
In the 1990s , Italo Rota began considering a possible return to Italy .
Michael van Poppel ( born December 20 , 1989 in Tilburg , the Netherlands ) is the founder and President of BNO News .
Khalil el - Moumni ( born 1 July 1941 , Beni Mansour , Morocco ) is a Moroccan imam who preaches at the An - Nasr Mosque in Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
Carlos Castaño Gil ( May 16 , 1965 -- April 16 , 2004 ) was the founder of the Peasant Self - Defense Forces of Córdoba and Urabá ( ACCU ) , an extreme right paramilitary organization in Colombia .
Katharina Löwel ( born 22 January 1982 in Berlin , Germany ) , better known under her stage name Kitty Kat or Kitten Ket , is a German rapper and singer .
As late as 2009 , the Beverley Sisters appeared in concerts and matinee shows in the United Kingdom .
Narciso Vernizzi ( October 21 , 1918 in Italy - July 11 , 2005 in São Roque , São Paulo , Brazil ) was a Brazilian sports journalist and a radio broadcaster .
Gert Bolmer ( born April 25 , 1983 , Almelo , Netherlands ) is a professional horse rider competing in dressage .
Axel Rodrigues de Arruda , commonly known simply as Axel ( born January 9 , 1970 in Santos , Brazil ) is a Brazilian football player .
Peter Roh ( born at Conthey ( Gunthis ) in the canton of Valais , Switzerland , 14 August 1811 ; d. at Bonn , Germany , 17 May 1872 ) was a Swiss Jesuit preacher .
Mark Hemel ( born 1966 in Emmen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch architect and designer , and co - founder ( with Barbara Kuit ) of the Amsterdam - based architectural practice Information Based Architecture ( IBA ) .
Since 2004 , Geneviève Fraisse has also been a producer at France Culture ( Europe ideas ) .
John Loewen ( /ˈleɪvɛn/ ; born December 21 , 1949 ) is a businessman and politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Susanne Jonah - Lynn Georgi Puigcercós ( born 27 July 1976 in Sjølund ) , commonly known as Susanne Georgi , is a Danish singer who lives and works in Andorra .
Carl Sonnenschein ( July 15 , 1876 - February 20 , 1929 ) was a German writer , the founder of the Catholic student movement in Germany .
Xhavit Haliti ( born 8 March 1956 in Novo Selo , Peć , Kosovo ) is a Kosovo Albanian politician and philosopher , linguist and one of the founders of the Kosovo Liberation Army .
Ciriaco Taraxes is a classically educated composer , born in Serres , Greece near Thessalonika in 1969 .
Son of Eugenio Dittborn , Consul general of Chile in Brazil in the mid-1920s , Carlos Dittborn was born in Rio de Janeiro in 1924 , but returned to Chile when he was 4 years old .
Carmelo Abbate ( born 5 August 1971 in Castelbuono , Italy ) is an Italian journalist and reporter .
Serdar Özbayraktar ( born November 22 , 1981 in Hopa , Turkey ) , is a Turkish football player who last played for Elazığspor in the striker and right winger positions .
Neyyattinkara Vasudevan ( 1940 - -13 May 2008 ) was a Carnatic music vocalist from Kerala in south India .
Tekur Subramanyam ( ಟೇಕೂರು ಸುಬ್ರಮಣ್ಯಂ ) was an Indian Freedom Fighter and politician from Bellary , India .
Wasis Diop ( born 1950 in Dakar , Senegal ) is a Senegalese musician of international renown , known for blending traditional Senegalese folk music with modern pop and jazz .
Sara Lawrence ( born 1985 ) was the representative for Jamaica in the Miss World 2006 beauty pageant .
Giovanni Bonello ( born on 11 June 1936 in Floriana , Malta ) was Judge of the European Court of Human Rights from 1 November 1998 until 31 October 2004 .
Gul Agha Sherzai ( Pashto : ګل آغا شيرزی‎ ) , also known as Mohammad Shafiq , is a politician in Afghanistan .
Karoline Herfurth was born in East Berlin , East Germany , the daughter of a psychologist mother and a geriatric nurse practitioner father .
Uwini was Makalaka leader from Zimbabwe .
Mike Mayhew ( born 1980 ) , is a Stuckist artist and painter based in New Zealand .
Eveline Peleman ( born 1993 ) from Ghent , Belgium is the current rowing world champion of 2014 .
Ray Werner ( c. 1935 -- March 1998 ) was the third on the Alberta Avenue CC curling team ( from Edmonton , Alberta , Canada ) during the World Curling Championships known as the 1961 Scotch Cup .
William Pridham ( February 17 , 1841 -- March 29 , 1919 ) was an English - born drover and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Thihathu ( Burmese : သီဟသူ , pronounced : ( θìha̰ðù ) ; 1265 - -1325 ) was a co - founder of the Myinsaing Kingdom , and the founder of the Pinya Kingdom in today 's central Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Alina Buchschacher ( born 19 July 1991 ) is a Swiss business woman , model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the title of Miss Switzerland 2011 and represented her country in Miss Universe 2012 .
Rachael Rakena , born 1969 in Wellington , is a New Zealand artist of Māori ( Ngāpuhi and Ngāi Tahu ) descent .
Sebastián Rozental Igualt ( Hebrew : סבסטיאן רוזנטל‎ , born September 1 , 1976 in Santiago , Chile ) is a retired Chilean - Israeli professional football ( soccer ) player .
Joseph Wladislas Edmond Potocki de Montalk ( 14 February 1836 - -6 September 1901 ) was a New Zealand language teacher and storekeeper .
Irakli Ochiauri ( Georgian : ირაკლი ოჩიაური , Russian : Иракли Очиаури ; November 20 , 1924 -- December 4 , 2015 ) was a Georgian painter and sculptor who was awarded the Shota Rustaveli State Prize , the highest prize in Georgia in the fields of art and literature .
Sandrine François ( born December 1980 in Paris ) is a French singer who represented France at the 2002 Eurovision Song Contest .
Samuel Brunton ( born 20 February 1990 ) is a New Zealand rugby league player .
Imoro Yakubu Kakpagu ( born February 1958 ) is a Ghanaian politician and a former member of the Parliament of Ghana for the Kumbungu constituency in the Northern Region of Ghana from 2005 to 2013 .
Adolfo Castelo ( August 29 , 1935 -- November 23 , 2004 ) was a journalist and television host in Argentina .
Brynjólfur Sveinsson ( 14 September 1605 -- 5 August 1675 ) served as the Lutheran Bishop of the see of Skálholt in Iceland .
Stein Rokkan was born on the Lofoten archipelago in the far north of Norway and raised in the nearby town of Narvik .
Oumar Mariko ( born 4 February 1959 ) is a Mali doctor , politician and noted former student activist .
Hermes Martínez Misal ( born September 23 , 1979 in Valledupar , Colombia ) is a Colombian professional soccer player .
Mehetabel Newman ( 1822 - -1908 ) was a New Zealand missionary , letter - writer , teacher and homemaker .
Sitthichai Pokai - udom ( Thai : สิทธิชัย โภไคยอุดม , born 10 November 1948 ) was appointed Information and Communications Technology Minister of Thailand in 2006 by a military junta .
Marieke van den Ham ( born 21 January 1983 in Wierden , Overijssel ) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions .
Zhang Jingwu ( Chinese : 张经武 ) ( September 3 , 1906 -- October 27 , 1971 ) was a lieutenant general of the People 's Liberation Army and People 's Republic of China politician .
Colonel Guillermo Flores Avendaño ( 17 June 1894 -- 1 July 1982 ) was President of Guatemala from 27 October 1957 until 2 March 1958 , when he was appointed Minister of Defence in the government of Miguel Ydígoras .
Héctor Soberón Lorenzo ( born August 11 , 1964 in Mexico City , Mexico ) , better known as Héctor Soberón , is a Mexican actor .
Archbishop Fulgence Rabemahafaly ( born 23 May 1951 in Miarinavaratra ) is the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Fianarantsoa in Fianarantsoa , Madagascar .
Tao Xingzhi ( Chinese : 陶行知 ; pinyin : Táo Xíngzhī ; Wade -- Giles : T'ao Hsing - chih ; 1891 - -1946 ) , was a renowned Chinese educator and reformer in the Republic of China mainland era .
Simona Koch ( born May 27 , 1968 in Berlin ) is a retired diver from Germany , who competed for her native country at two Summer Olympics , in 1992 and 1996 .
Michael McCleary , better known as Mikey McCleary is a New Zealand songwriter , composer , performer , producer and director living in Mumbai , India since 2007 .
António Araújo ( born 28 September 1923 ; Paredes , Portugal ) is a former Portuguese football player who played as forward .
Chen Yun ( simplified Chinese : 陈云 ; traditional Chinese : 陳雲 ; pinyin : Chén Yún , pronounced ( ʈʂʰə̌n y̌n ) ; 13 June 1905 -- 10 April 1995 ) was one of the most influential leaders of the People 's Republic of China during the 1980s and 90 's .
Jean Galtier - Boissière ( b. December 26 , 1891 -- January 22 , 1966 ) was a writer , polemist , and journalist from Paris , France .
Mohammad Ali Hosseini ( In Persian : محمد علی حسینی ) was the deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Iran .
Supakorn Kitsuwon ( Thai : ศุภกรณ์ กิจสุวรรณ , born December 28 , 1972 in Uthai Thani Province , Thailand ) is a Thai film and stage actor .
Jean Begg ( 7 October 1886 - -15 February 1971 ) was a New Zealand welfare worker and administrator , feminist .
Adolf Bogstad ( 22 April 1920 -- 13 February 1945 ) was a Norwegian resistance member who was killed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany .
Yevhen Bokhashvili ( Ukrainian : Євген Олександрович Бохашвілі ; born 5 January 1993 in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who belongs to Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk .
She was a pioneer of evangelical and social work for criminals and for orphans and neglected children in San Juan , Puerto Rico , Sally Olsen was born in Bergen , Norway .
Jaya Hartono ( born October 20 , 1963 , in Medan , North Sumatera ) is a football coach from Indonesia .
Cyparissos Stephanos ( Greek : Κυπάρισσος Στέφανος , also transliterated as Kyparissos Stefanos ; 11 May 1857 in Kea , Greece -- 27 December 1917 in Athens ) was a Greek mathematician who introduced desmic systems .
Lachlan Buchanan was born in Australia in 1990 growing up in Maleny .
Bashir Ahmad Bezan is a citizen of Afghanistan who was a candidate in Afghanistan 's 2009 Presidential elections .
Ola Sundt Ravnestad ( born May 31 , 1961 in Gloppen , Norway ) is a Norwegian businessperson , banker and entrepreneur .
Richard Buckman , ( born 27 May 1989 in Palmerston North , New Zealand ) , is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the Highlanders in the Super Rugby competition .
Gary Masyk ( born 1960 ) is a businessman and politician in Alberta , Canada .
Chai Ling ( Chinese : 柴玲 ; Pinyin : Chái Líng ) ( born April 15 , 1966 in Rizhao , Shandong Province , People 's Republic of China ) was one of the student leaders in the Tian'anmen Square event of 1989 .
Gonzalo Taborda ( born in San Francisco , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Clubs of Argentina , Chile and Uruguay .
Albertina Ho SH , MH ( born in Southeast Maluku January 1 , 1960 ) is a career woman judge at the General Court under the Supreme Court of the Republic of Indonesia .
Roger David Spencer ( born 6 October 1945 ) is an Australia horticultural botanist who was born at Alfreton , Derbyshire .
François Crépin ( 30 October 1830 -- 30 April 1903 ) was an important botanist of the 19th century and director of the National Botanic Garden of Belgium .
Simion Movilă , a boyar of the Movileşti family , was twice Prince of Wallachia ( October 1600 -- 3 July 1601 ; August 1601 -- August 1602 ) and Prince of Moldavia on one occasion ( 10 July 1606 -- 24 September 1607 ) .
Joseph Paul Iribe was born in Angoulême , France in 1883 , of a father born in Pau ( Béarn ) , Jules Jean Iribe ( 1836 - 1914 ) .
Dhina ( also credited as Dheena ) ( Tamil : தினா ; born on 15 January 1966 ) is an Indian film composer and television series composer from Tamil Nadu , India .
E.E. K. Kurankyi - Taylor ( 1922 in Cape Coast , Ghana - 1959 in Manchester ) was a prominent Ghanaian judge and activist .
Yevgeny Morgunov was one of Russia 's leading comic actors .
Gustave Sandré ( 1843 - -1916 ) was director of the Nancy Conservatoire in eastern France , where Florent Schmitt was one of his pupils .
Teresa Burga ( Iquitos , Peru , 1935 ) is a multimedia artist whose conceptualist pieces from the late 1960s and 1970s position her as a precursor of media art , technology - based art , and installation art in Peru .
Shkumbin Arsllani ( Macedonian : Шкумбин Арслани , Škumbin Arslani ; born 27 February 1980 ) is an Albanian football player from Republic of Macedonia , playing for JJK .
Marta Brunet ( August 9 , 1897 in Chillán , Chile -- October 27 , 1967 in Montevideo ) , was a Chilean writer .
Aaron Rule ( born 1967 ) has served three terms ( 2006 - -07 ; 2007 - -08 ; & 2009 - -10 ) as the mayor of Campbelltown in New South Wales , Australia .
Johan Kobborg was born in Odense , Denmark into an artistic family ; his mother is a former showgirl and actress and his brother is an actor .
Edward MacLysaght ( Irish : Éamonn Mac Giolla Iasachta ; 6 November 1887 -- 4 March 1986 ) was one of the foremost genealogists of twentieth century Ireland .
Deborah Burrows ( née Williams ) was born in Perth , Western Australia in 1959 .
Jayavarman II ( Khmer : ជ័យវរ្ម័នទី២ ) ( c. 770 - -835 ) was a 9th - century king of Cambodia , widely recognized as the founder of the Khmer Empire , which ruled much of the Southeast Asian mainland for more than six hundred years .
Alan Abela Wadge will also contest the Next Maltese general election in which he 'll be contesting on the 9th Political district in the Districts of Malta .
Eve Boswell ( born Eva Keleti , 11 May 1922 , Budapest , Hungary -- 14 August 1998 , Durban , South Africa ) was a successful pop singer in Britain in the 1950s .
Jure Francetić ( 3 July 1912 -- 27/28 December 1942 ) was a Croatian Ustaša Commissioner for the Bosnia and Herzegovina regions of the Independent State of Croatia ( NDH ) during World War II , and commander of the 1st Ustaše Regiment of the Ustaše Militia , later known as the Black Legion .
Roller Cambindo ( born October 29 , 1978 in Buenaventura ( Valle del Cauca ) , Colombia ) is a Colombian footballer currently playing for Los Caimanes of the Peruvian Segunda División .
Jonathan Mwe di Malila also known as Jonathan Malila , ( born 1 April 1993 , Kinshasa , Democratic Republic of the Congo ) is a congolese - born Artist living and working in Cologne , Germany .
Count Ossie , born Oswald Williams ( 1926 , St. Thomas , Jamaica - 18 October 1976 ) was a Jamaican drummer and band leader .
Prem Nath Dogra was a leader from Jammu and Kashmir who worked for total integration of the state with India .
Yalçın Akdoğan ( born 22 September 1969 ) is a Turkish politician who has served as Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey since 2014 .
Jerome Froese ( born 24 November 1970 , Berlin , Germany ) is a German musician who , in 1990 , officially joined his father , Edgar Froese in the band Tangerine Dream .
Birkir Hólm Guðnason ( born 6 May 1974 , Iceland ) is an Icelandic business leader and CEO of Icelandair , the flag carrier airline in Iceland .
Isabella de Leon or Isabelle de Leon ( born in Manila ) is an actress , singer and songwriter in the Philippines .
Pere Bosch - Gimpera ( 1891 in Barcelona , Catalonia -- 1974 in Mexico ) was a Spanish - born Mexican archaeologist and anthropologist .
Fernando González Gortázar ( born 19 October 1942 , Mexico City ) is a Mexican architect and sculptor , considered to be one of the most influential Mexican architects of the 20th century .
Alfred Savill ( 1829 - 1905 ) was the founder of Savills , one of the United Kingdom 's largest estate agents .
Eric Henry Compton ( 14 March 1902 - -2 April 1982 ) was a New Zealand policeman , police commissioner and farmer .
Eldbjørg Raknes ( born 9 February 1970 in Midsund , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz vocalist known for her a cappella vocal performances , innovative improvised vocals and electronic effects .
Yannis Stavrou ( Greece , 1948 -- ) is a contemporary Greek artist , painter .
Zareh Sinanyan was born in Yerevan , Armenia , in 1973 and attended the local school No . 172 .
Wayne Thomas Patterson is a fraudster who used 123 different identities to defraud the Ministry of Social Development ( MSD ) in New Zealand of an estimate $ 3.48 million in welfare benefits during 2003 and 2006 .
Italian immigrant Santiago Queirolo Raggio arrived in Peru in the 1880s , joining a thriving Italian community that had been developing for years in the city of Lima .
Valeria Lynch was born on January 7 , 1952 in the neighborhood of Villa Urquiza , Buenos Aires , Argentina , the first child of the marriage of María Antonia Spano ( Tony ) and José Julio Lancellotti .
Rufus Smith ( MD ) ( November 19 , 1766 - November 15 , 1844 ) was a physician and politician in the British colonial Province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Jaroslav Falta ( born 22 March 1951 ) is a former motocross racer from the former Czechoslovakia .
Ō Rissei ( 王 立誠 , Ō Rissei , Chinese : 王 立誠 ; pinyin : Wáng Lìchéng , born November 7 , 1958 ) is a professional Go player in Japan .
Tarcy Su ( simplified Chinese : 苏慧伦 ; traditional Chinese : 蘇慧倫 ; pinyin : Sū Huìlún ; born October 27 , 1970 in Taipei , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese singer and actress who was popular in the 1990s during her recording career with Rock Records .
Earlando Arrington Neil , better known by his stage name Early B , was an early dancehall and reggae deejay whose lyrics had a cultural bent , noted mainly in his hits Visit of King Selassie , History of Jamaica and Wheely Wheely , the latter an ode to bicycle - riding in Jamaica .
When chaos broke out in central and northern China towards the end of the Han dynasty , Xu Sheng moved from his hometown to Wu Commandery ( 吳郡 ; capital in present - day Suzhou , Jiangsu ) in southern China , where he gained a reputation for his bravery .
Iryna Chuzhynova ( born 7 August 1972 ) is a former road cyclist from Ukraine .
Alessandro Riguccini ( born 25 March 1988 in Florence , Italy ) is an Italian kickboxer .
Sadegh Nojouki ( Persian : صادق نوجوکی‎‎ , born 1950 Tehran , Iran ) is the Legendary Iranian musician , composer , songwriter and arranger of Persian pop and classic music .
Josef Vavroušek ( September 15 , 1944 , in Prague , Czechoslovakia -- March 18 , 1995 , in Slovakia ) was Czech environmentalist , scientist and politician , and founder of the Environment for Europe process .
Ralph Talmont ( born 1963 ) is an Australian / Polish photographer , entrepreneur , multimedia producer and communications consultant , residing in Auckland , New Zealand and Warsaw , Poland .
Doug Richards - Jolley is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country .
Alexey Ivanovich Borozdin was born on 29 March 1937 in the city of Kursk ( USSR / Russia ) .
Phoebe Di Tommaso ( born 26 July 1990 in Brisbane , Australia ) is an Australian figure skater .
Ayad Lamdassem ( born October 11 , 1981 in Sidi Ifni ) is a Moroccan - born long distance runner who competes for Spain internationally .
Anton Walter Freud ( 3 April 1921 in Vienna , Austria -- 8 February 2004 , Oxted , England ) was a chemical engineer and a member of the Royal Pioneer Corps and the British Special Operations Executive .
Karl Rabe ( 29 October 1895 , Pottendorf , Austria - 28 October 1968 ) was an automobile designer and was the Chief Designer at Porsche .
John Talen ( born 18 January 1965 ) is a former road racing cyclist from the Netherlands , who was a professional from 1987 to 2000 .
Boediono ( EYD : Budiono ) ( pronounced ( budiˈjono ) ; born 25 February 1943 ) was the Vice President of Indonesia from 2009 to 2014 .
Born to an Andalusian family in Fériana , Tunisia , Mustapha Tlili was educated at the Sorbonne and in the United States .
He also presented and starred in a documentary series called India with Sanjeev Bhaskar in which he travelled to India and visited his ancestral home in today 's Pakistan .
Isabella Foster Rogers Kells ( 15 April 1861 -- 12 July 1938 ) was a New Zealand teacher , postmistress and community leader .
Stephanie Ashworth ( born 1974 , Melbourne , Australia ) is a bassist , photographer , artist , and columnist , known for her music with Scared of Horses , and most recently , the Australian band Something for Kate , where she performs with her spouse , and the band 's frontman , Paul Dempsey .
Reza Yazdani ( Persian : رضا یزدانی‎‎ , born August 25 , 1984 in Juybar Iran ) nicknamed The Leopard of Juybar , is an Iranian wrestler and two time World Champion , who won Gold in the 2011 World Wrestling Championships and 2013 World Wrestling Championships in the 96 kg division .
Sharon Slann ( born 12 February 1966 in Clare , South Australia ) is a wheelchair basketball player from Australia .
Karel Opočenský played for Czechoslovakia four times in the Chess Olympiads .
Jean Louis Debilly , General of Brigade in the Grande Armée , was born 30 July 1763 in Dreux , Eure - et - Loire , France , and died 14 October 1806 , in the French victory over the Kingdom of Prussia at the Battle of Jena - Auerstadt .
Lauris Reiniks ( born July 11 , 1979 in Dobele , Latvia ) is a Latvian pop music singer , songwriter , television host , and actor .
Samuel Logan Edwards is a New Zealand former rugby league player .
Mary Grannan was born into an Irish Canadian Roman Catholic family in Fredericton , New Brunswick , Canada on 11 February 1900 .
Malalai Joya ( Pashto ملالۍ جویا ) ( born April 25 , 1978 ) is an activist , writer , and a former politician from Afghanistan .
Dave Mullins is a New Zealand freediver and world record - holder .
Dan Pița ( Romanian pronunciation : ( dan ˈpit͡sa ) ; born 11 October 1938 in Dorohoi , Botoșani County , Romania ) is a Romanian film director and screenwriter .
Edye Rolleston Manning was born in Australia on 14 February 1889 , the son of William Alexander Manning , a solicitor practising in New South Wales , Australia .
Dr. Christian Grönroos is since 1999 Professor of Service and Relationship Marketing ( prior to that 1984 - 1999 Professor of International and Industrial Marketing ) at Hanken School of Economics Finland ( Svenska handelshögskolan ) and chairman of the board of the research and knowledge centre CERS Centre for Relationship Marketing and Service Management of this business university .
Neha Kapur ( Hindi : नेहा कपूर ; born c. 1984 ) is an Indian model , actress and former beauty queen who won Femina Miss India in 2006 and represented India at the Miss Universe pageant that year .
Major General Phạm Văn Phú ( 1927 , Hà Đông , French Indochina -- 30 April 1975 , Saigon , North Vietnam ) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam .
Ken Catran ( born 16 May 1944 ) is a children 's novelist and television screenwriter from New Zealand .
Horace Dean ( 10 November 1814 -- 8 May 1887 ) was an American adventurer who practiced as a doctor in Australia and was a journalist and political candidate at elections in South Australia and New South Wales .
Dr. Sahardjo LL.B. , ( 26 June 1909 -- 13 November 1963 ; also spelled Saharjo ) was Minister of Justice of Indonesia during three cabinets , the First , Second , and Third Working Cabinets .
Juliet Palmer is a contemporary composer living in Toronto , Canada
Guru Chenganoor Raman Pillai ചെങ്ങന്നൂര്‍ രാമന്‍പിള്ള in Malayalam , also spelt Chengannur Raman Pillai ( 1886 - -1980 ) , was a celebrated Kathakali artist from Kerala in south India .
Mostafa Sabri ( Persian : مصطفی صبری‎ ; born 13 February 1984 ) is an Iranian football player who plays for Fajr Sepasi of the Iran Pro League .
Ali Lashgari ( Persian : علی لشگری‎ ) was an Iranian football player who played for Persepolis in Iran Pro League .
Nijolė Ambrazaitytė ( born February 21 , 1939 in Lazdijai district , Lithuania ) is an opera singer , politician , and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re - Establishment of the State of Lithuania .
Not only in Russia Tatiana Vedenska is a popular writer .
Farid Mostafavi ( Persian : فرید مصطفوی‎‎ ) , born 27 October 1954 in Tehran , Iran is an Iranian screenwriter best known for his social realist films set in urban Tehran , several of which were directed and co - written by Rakhshan Bani - Etemad .
Tania Dalton ( née Nicolson ; born 26 November 1971 ) is a New Zealand former international netball player .
Muhammad Masihullah Khan was born in 1329 or 1330 AH ( 1911/1912 ) in Sara’i Barla , a village in the Aligarh district of Uttar Pradesh , India .
In August 2010 , at nearly 31 , Josemi left Spain for the second time , signing a three - year contract with Iraklis Thessaloniki FC .
Rabbi Pinchus Feldman OAM ( born 1945 ) is the first Chabad shaliach ( `` emissary '' ) of the Chabad - Lubavitch Hasidic movement in New South Wales , Australia .
Mak Erot ( 1907 ? -- 5 July 2008 ) was a lady from West Java , Indonesia .
Mohammad Yazdi ( Persian : Mohamad Yazdi‎‎ ) ( born 1931 ) is an Iranian cleric who served as the head of Judiciary System of Iran between 1989 and 1999 .
Cristian Bugatti , also known as Bugo ( born 1973 in Trecate , Italy ) is an Italian singer - songwriter , artist and actor .
Christa - Elizabeth Goulakos ( born March 3 , 1988 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian ice dancer who represents Greece internationally .
Vilmos Böhm or Wilhelm Böhm ( Hungarian : Böhm ( Bőhm ) Vilmos ; 6 January 1880 , Budapest -- 28 October 1949 ) was a Hungarian Social Democrat and Hungary 's ambassador to Sweden after World War II . He is supposedly mentioned in the Venona telegrams as an information source of the soviets during the war .
Juan Carlos Zaldívar is a filmmaker and video artist who was born in Cuba .
Olinda Bozán Acosta was born 21 June 1894 in Rosario , Santa Fe , Argentina to Enrique Bozán ( aka Bozánni ) and Rosa Acosta .
Sireli Ledua ( born 12 December 1985 Suva , Fiji ) is a Fijian rugby union footballer .
Saud A.S. Al - Rasheed ( Arabic : سعود الرشيد ) ( born January 30 , 1981 in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia ) became briefly wanted in 2002 , by the United States Department of Justice 's FBI , in a BOLO alert ( Be On the Lookout ) .
Clementia of Hungary ( French : Clémence ; 1293 - -12 October 1328 ) was queen of France and Navarre as the second wife of King Louis X.
Andrés Sebastián Soria Quintana ( Arabic : أندريس سيبستيان سوريا كوينتانا‎ , born in Paysandú , Uruguay ) commonly known as Sebastián Soria , is a Qatari footballer who plays as a striker for Al - Rayan SC and the Qatar national team .
The roster of singers interpreting Medina 's songs includes performers from Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Chile , Cuba , the Dominican Republic , France , Mexico , Nicaragua , Portugal , Spain , and the U.S.A. Tony Medina wrote over 600 songs in various musical genres .
Catherine Texier , novelist , journalist , and creative writing professor , was born and raised in France and now lives in New York City .
Henry Maske ( born 6 January 1964 , in Treuenbrietzen , Brandenburg ) is a German former professional boxer , and one of Germany 's most popular sports figures .
István Fodor ( born 2 March 1945 ) is a former Hungarian politician , who served as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1989 and 1990 .
Ramchandra Narayan Dandekar ( 1909 - - 2001 ) was an Indologist and Vedic scholar from Maharashtra , India .
Poonamben Veljibhai Jat ( born 9 April 1971 ) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party . She was elected to the Lok Sabha , lower house of the Parliament of India from the Kachchh constituency in 2009 .
Giuseppe Forni is a paralympic athlete from Switzerland competing mainly in category T51 racing events .
Shaban Nditi ( born 1983 ) is a Tanzanian footballer who plays club football for Mtibwa Sugar FC and international football for Tanzania .
Ajaan Suwat Suvaco ( August 27 , 1919 -- April 5 , 2001 in Buriram ) , born in Thailand , was a Buddhist monk who founded four monasteries in the western United States .
Per - Mathias Høgmo ( born 1 December 1959 ) is a football manager from Norway and former player , he is the current manager of the Norway national football team .
Ezequiel Paulón ( born January 4 , 1976 in Puerto Deseado , Santa Cruz ) is a field hockey defender from Argentina who twice represented his country in the Olympics , in 2000 and the 2004 .
Walid Bidani ( born 11 June 1994 in Maghnia , Algeria ) is an Algerian weightlifter .
Luis Delgadillo formed part of the youth teams of Club Atlas and played in the team of Segunda Division de Mexico .
Berdymyrat Nurmyradow ( Russian : Бердымурад Нурмурадов ; born 28 August 1968 in USSR ) is a Turkmenistan professional football player and manager .
A. Maria Irudayam ( born 1956 in Chennai , India ) is a two - time World Carrom Champion and nine - time national champion of India .
Guðjón Már Guðjónsson ( born 1972 in Reykjavík , Iceland ) is an Icelandic entrepreneur and the CEO of OZ . Guðjón has driven the research , development and design of many leading - edge technologies and is the author of several granted patents .
Kasia Banas ( born 1973 in Wrocław , Poland ) is a Polish artist .
Natasha Suri is an Indian Supermodel and former Miss India World .
Hassan al - Imam ( Arabic : حسن الإمام‎ ) ( March 15 , 1919 in Mansoura , Egypt -- January 29 , 1988 ) was a prominent Egyptian film director .
Sean Garlick ( born 6 August 1970 in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer , former policeman , former actor and now a businessman .
As a child , Coppé travelled frequently between Japan and Hawaii , and also lived for a while in Arizona .
Andrew Meredith ( born 24 April 1972 in Adelaide , Australia ) is the current Head of Analysis at German Football Club FC St . Pauli located in Hamburg , while also holding the role of Technical Analyst with the Australian National Football team the Socceroos .
Avrohom Yeshaya Karelitz , ( 7 November 1878 -- 24 October 1953 ) , popularly known by the name of his magnum opus , Chazon Ish , was a Belarusian born Orthodox rabbi who later became one of the leaders of Haredi Judaism in Israel , where his final 20 years , from 1933 to 1953 , were spent .
Marios Antoniades ( Greek : Μάριος Αντωνιάδης ; born 14 May 1990 in Nicosia , Cyprus ) is a Cypriot international footballer who plays as a left back for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division .
Dafna Dekel ( Hebrew : דפנה דקל‎ ; born on 7 May 1966 , in Ashdod , Israel ) is an Israeli singer , actress and television personality .
Joseph Biner ( 1697 , Gluringen , Switzerland -- March 24 , 1766 , Torrenburg , Germany ) was a Roman Catholic canonist , historian , and theologian .
Charles Frederick Newham ( 21 June 1880 -- 11 July 1960 ) was a New Zealand photographer and filmmaker .
Gonzalo de Salazar ( b. Granada , Spain ; died c. 1564 , New Spain ) was an aristocrat , and leader of several councils that governed New Spain while Hernán Cortés was traveling to Honduras , in 1525−26 .
Győző Martos ( born 15 December 1949 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian football player who participated in the 1978 and 1982 World Cup where Hungary was eliminated in the first round .
Kylian Mash earned his first gold record in 2008 with the project `` Discobitch '' and his huge hit `` C'est beau la bourgeoisie '' ( # 1 Top Single and # 1 clubs for 13 weeks in France ) .
Trisha Silvers ( born 19 April 1981 in Melbourne , Victoria ) became known in Australia for surviving the tsunami of 26 December 2004 , in which her new husband Troy Broadbridge was killed .
Bob Osim , also written as Bob Usim , ( born 15 July 1980 , in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigeria national football team international footballer .
Mohannad Asseri ( born 14 October 1986 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays for Al - Wahda and Saudi Arabia national football team as a striker .
Kenneth Scicluna ( born 15 June 1979 in Pietà , Malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Qormi .
Nattawut Madyalan ( Thai : ณัฐวุฒิ หมัดยะลาน ; rtgs : Natthawut Matyalan ) , is a Thai futsal Winger , and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team .
Philip Boampong ( born 1 January 1990 in Ghana ) is a Ghanaian footballer .
Zdeněk Doležal ( born September 1 , 1931 ) is a pair skater who competed internationally for Czechoslovakia .
Clemens Kapuuo ( 16 March 1923 -- 27 March 1978 ) was a Namibian school teacher , shopkeeper and chief of the Herero people of Namibia .
Tamás Benkócs studied music at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music , in Budapest , Hungary , where he studied with Laszlo Hara , Jozsef Vajda and Tibor Fulemile .
Roberto Garrido Padin ( born 1945 in Brazil ) is a bishop of the Independent Catholic Church , based at the church of Santa Barbara in Salvador de Bahia , Northern Brazil .
Norberto Galasso ( born Buenos Aires , 28 July 1936 ) is a historian and essayist from Argentina , who wrote numerous books related about the history of Argentina .
Brad Heald ( born 3 March 1983 , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia ) is the current bass guitarist in the Australian garage rock band The Vines and former lead guitarist of Sydney band Red Riders .
Fulgencio R. Moreno ( born November 9 , 1872 in Valle del Tapuá , Paraguay ) was a Paraguayan journalist , financial expert , statesman and one of the most serious researchers of the Paraguayan history .
Claire Oberman ( born 1956 ) is a Dutch - born British and New Zealand - raised actress , known for her role as Australian nurse Kate Norris in the television drama Tenko .
Marco Vinicio Redondo Quirós is a deputy from Cartago , serving in the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica for the 2014 - 2018 legislative session .
Joe Luwi is a Solomon Islands football player .
J. Eduardo Eric del Castillo - Negrete Galván ( born July 22 , 1934 in Celaya , Guanajuato , Mexico ) , is a Mexican actor of theatre , film and television who has dabbled as a screenwriter , director and arguer film , beginning his career in the cinema 's golden era .
Andy Grant ( born June 7 , 1984 ) is a retired middle distance runner from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Álvaro Molina is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain .
Lê Trang Tông ( chữ Hán : 黎莊宗 : born c. 1514 , reigned 1533 - -1548 ) was the 11th emperor - king of the later Lê dynasty of Vietnam , although under the power of general Mạc Đăng Dung .
William Kiplagat ( born June 21 , 1972 ) is a long - distance runner from Kenya .
Nora Guanzon Villanueva - Daza ( December 2 , 1928 -- September 13 , 2013 ) , popularly known as Chef Nora Daza , was a veteran gourmet chef , restaurateur , socio - civic leader , television host and cookbook author in the Philippines .
Alberto Portugheis is a pianist , born on January 1 , 1941 in La Plata , Argentina , to parents of Russian and Romanian descent .
Charles George Tripp ( 1 July 1826 -- 6 July 1897 ) was a pioneering sheep farmer in South Canterbury , New Zealand .
And Other Related Issues , Circa on Jellicoe , Johannesburg , South Africa Zwelethu Mthethwa , iArt Gallery , Cape Town 2009 Zwelethu Mthethwa :
Stefano Lorenzini ( born around 1652 , Florence , Italy -- date of death unknown ) was an Italian physician and noted ichthyologist .
The Hokkien name implies that Huang Senping was a native of Fujian , China .
Brad Clark ( born 1960 ) is a former Canadian politician in Ontario , Canada .
Herodes Jr. ( born September 18 , 1990 in San Nicolás de los Garza , Nuevo Leon , Mexico ) is a Mexican luchador , or professional wrestler best known for working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) portraying a rudo ( `` bad guy '' ) wrestling character .
Fu Bingchang ( Chinese : 傅秉常 ; 1895 - 1965 , aged 70 ; known as Foo Ping - sheung ) was a diplomat and politician in the early Republic of China and later in Taiwan .
Karl Buresch ( 12 October 1878 - 16 September 1936 ) was a lawyer , Christian - Social politician and Chancellor of Austria during the First Republic .
Kgebetli Moele is a South African writer born in Polokwane , South Africa , best known for his novels Room 206 , UNTITLED and The Book of the Dead .
Manuel Rocha Iturbide ( born 1963 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican composer and sound artist .
Bessie Lee Cowie ( 10 June 1860 - -18 April 1950 ) was a New Zealand temperance campaigner , social reformer , lecturer and writer .
Omari Aldridge ( born 6 February 1984 in Coquitlam , British Columbia , Canada ) is a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines football striker , who currently plays for Khalsa Sporting Club .
Annie Chidzira Muluzi is the former First Lady of Malawi and wife of Bakili Muluzi .
Taleb Nematpour ( Persian : طالب نعمت‌پور‎ , born 19 September 1984 in Koohdasht , Iran ) is an Iranian wrestler .
Petra Joy ( born 1964 in Kempten , West Germany ) is an award - winning German feminist film director , film producer , TV producer , distributor , author , and photographer .
Danilo Dirani is a racing driver from Brazil .
Roger Abdelmassih ( born October 3 , 1943 ) is a former Brazilian physician , an expert on human reproduction , and one of the pioneers of in - vitro fertilization in Brazil .
Jim Rimmer was born on 1 April 1934 and was raised in Vancouver , Canada .
Hina Jilani ( Urdu : حنا جیلانی ‎ ) ( born 1953 ) is an advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and a human - rights activist from Lahore in Punjab , Pakistan .
Mohd Noor Ali made his international debut for Singapore in 1998 and has not been selected since 2004 .
Tatiana Papamoschou ( Greek : Τατιάνα Παπαμόσχου ; born 1964 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek actress who has starred in numerous Greek theatrical , film and television productions .
Two legendary albums recorded in the 1970s ( Milton Nascimento et al . 's Clube da Esquina and Caetano Veloso 's Transa , voted to number 7 and number 10 , respectively , on Rolling Stone Brazil 's list of greatest Brazilian albums of all time ) featured Monsueto 's compositions .
Augustus Neville was a New Zealand - born actor who appeared in a number of the early films for director Raymond Longford but was best known for his stage career in Australia , particularly in works by William Shakespeare .
Manoj Sharma was born at Khurja district Bulandshahr , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Ben Varon was chosen at `` Finnish Metal Awards '' in 2009 6th , 2010 4th and 2011 5th best metal musician in Finland .
Teodora Alexandrova ( Bulgarian : Теодора Александрова ) ( born September 24 , 1981 in Sofia , Bulgaria ) is a former Individual Rhythmic Gymnast .
Reza Sadeghi ( Persian : رضا صادقی‎‎ , born 1979 in Bandar Abbas , Iran ) is an Iranian pop singer and songwriter .
Koji Yamasaki ( 山﨑 浩司 , born October 31 , 1980 in Osaka ) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Novica Simić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Новица Симић ; 1948 - -2012 ) was a Bosnian Serb military commander holding the rank of lieutenant general during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Louise Fatio was born August 18 , 1904 , in Lausanne , Switzerland and educated in Geneva .
Abel Estanislao ( born May 19 , 1995 , in Marikina City , Philippines ) is a Filipino actor and model .
Roman Shpek ( November 10 , 1954 , Broshniv - Osada , Ivano - Frankivsk region ) is a Ukrainian diplomat , politician , senior adviser of PJSC `` Alfa - Bank '' Ukraine ( Kyiv ) , a member of the National Bank of Ukraine .
Jigme Wangchuck ( Dzongkha : འཇིགས་མེད་དབང་ཕྱུག , Wylie : ' jigs med dbang phyug ; 1905 -- 30 March 1952 ) was the second Druk Gyalpo or king of Bhutan from 21 August 1926 , until his death .
Stefan Karnusian is a Swiss curler who has represented Switzerland internationally .
Kakunyo ( 覚如 ) ( 1270 - 1351 ) is the great - grandson of Shinran , founder of Jōdo Shinshū Buddhism , and the third caretaker , or Monshu of the family mausoleum , which gradually became the Hongan - ji Temple in Kyoto , Japan .
Victoria Smurfit is part of the Smurfit family , one of the richest in Ireland , through the Smurfit Kappa Group .
Mohsen Neysani ( born August 15 , 1982 ) is an Iranian Football player who currently plays for Shahrdari Tabriz of the Iran Pro League .
Captain Arthur Andrew Cipriani ( 31 January 1875 - 18 April 1945 ) was a Trinidad and Tobago labour leader and politician .
Around the early 210s , Pang Tong successfully persuaded Liu Bei to seize Yi Province ( covering present - day Sichuan and Chongqing ) in western China and use its resources to compete with Cao Cao for supremacy over China .
Charles Richard Mayson , known as Richard Mayson ( born 13 October 1941 ) , was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party .
Candida Höfer ( born 1944 ) is a Cologne , Germany - based photographer and a former student of Bernd and Hilla Becher .
Prime Minister of India , Narendra Modi said he was `` Saddened over the demise of Mahant Avaidyanath ji .
Angela Makholwa is a South African author , the first black writer to write crime fiction in South Africa .
Salim Abdallah Khalfan ( born October 4 , 1961 ) is a former Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania .
Roberto Cabral ( born 18 June 1952 in Córdoba , Argentina ) is an Argentine former football striker .
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin was born in the Château of Sarcenat at Orcines , close to Clermont - Ferrand , France , on May 1 , 1881 .
His sole album , J - Wess Presents Tha LP , reached the top twenty in Australia in 2005 , and included three hit singles .
Pál Gábor Engelmann ( 1854 - 1916 ) was a figure of the Hungarian workers movement , and founder and leader of the Social Democratic Party of Hungary .
Carlos Agostí ( born 1922 in Spain ) is a Spanish - born Mexican film actor .
Maidelis Saldiña ( born 1988 ) is a team handball goalkeeper from Cuba .
Adriaan Loosjes ( 1761 , Texel -- 1818 , Haarlem ) , was a 19th - century botanist , poet , novelist and publisher from the Northern Netherlands .
Gilles de Souvré , Marquis de Courtanvaux , Baron de Lezines ( c. 1540 -- 1626 ) , marshal of France , belonged to an old family of the Perche .
Aslak Dørum ( born 7 August 1964 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian writer and bassist of the Norwegian rock band DumDum Boys .
Sabahattin Oğlago ( born June 25 , 1984 ) is a four - time Oympian cross - country skier from Turkey , competing since 2002 .
Skinny Puppy formed in 1982 from the partnership of cEvin Key ( Kevin Crompton ) and Nivek Ogre ( Kevin Graham Ogilvie ) in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Dorothy Lightbourne was the Minister of Justice and the Attorney General of Jamaica from September 2007 to July 2011 when she was removed by Prime Minister Bruce Golding and replaced by Delroy Chuck as Minister of Justice and by Ransford Braham as Attorney General .
Timur Shah Durrani , ( Pashto , Persian , Urdu , Arabic : ‌ تیمور شاہ درانی ; 1748 -- May 18 , 1793 ) was the second ruler of the Durrani Empire , from October 16 , 1772 until his death in 1793 .
Sosaia Feki ( born 9 May 1991 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer for the Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks of the National Rugby League .
Kitanofuji Katsuaki 北の富士勝昭 ( born March 28 , 1942 as Takezawa Katsuaki ) is a former sumo wrestler , born in Asahikawa , Hokkaidō , Japan .
Galindo Mellado Cruz ( also Galdino ) was born in Tampico Alto , Veracruz , Mexico on 18 April 1973 .
Odette Henriette Jacqmin ( โอเด็ต ) is a famous Thai - French ( Luk khrueng ) supermodel , actress and singer born in Lyon , France , on October 13 , 1982 .
Boris Begović ( Борис Беговић ) is an economic scholar in Serbia who has written and spoken on economic problems in the Balkans .
Jacob Harris was a first class cricketer and sports coach from Karachi , Pakistan .
Ratu Joni Madraiwiwi , Lord Madraiwiwi Tangatatonga ( born 1957 ) is a Fijian lawyer , politician and was the Vice - President of Fiji from 2004 to 2006 .
Ratramnus , ( died c. 870 ) a Frankish monk of the monastery of Corbie , near Amiens in northern France , was a Carolingian theologian known best for his writings on the Eucharist and predestination .
Mike Velarde , is the founder and `` Servant Leader '' of a Philippines - based Catholic Charismatic religious group called El Shaddai which has estimated following of three to seven million .
Prosper Giquel took command of the `` Franco - Chinese force '' when Paul d'Aiguebelle returned to France , but the force was soon dissolved in October 1864 , in agreement with Zuo Zongtang .
Aengus Finnan ( born January 31 , 1972 in Dublin , Ireland ) is a Canadian folk musician and arts organiser , who grew up in Ontario , Canada .
Marius Gabriel ( born 13 November 1954 in Mafikeng , South Africa ) is an international romance and mystery writer , and artist .
Eiji Sawamura ( 沢村 栄治 ; February 1 , 1917 -- December 2 , 1944 , born in Ujiyamada ( Present : Ise ) , Mie prefecture , Japan ) was a Japanese professional baseball player .
Hito Çako ( 1923 - -1975 ) was an Albanian politician and lieutenant general of the People 's Army of Albania .
Kofi Esaw is a Togolese politician and diplomat who has served in the government of Togo as Minister of Justice since 2013 .
Mark Rendell is a cyclist from New Zealand .
Jan van Ravenswaay ( 1789 -- 1869 ) was a 19th - century landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Bengt Baron ( born 6 March 1962 ) is a business leader and former backstroke swimmer from Sweden .
Nikos Karanikas ( Greek ; Νίκος Καρανίκας ) , born 4 March 1992 in Larissa , Greece , is a professional footballer .
Leigh Marning ( born 8 February 1979 in Taree , New South Wales , Australia ) is an ex - rhythmic gymnast who represented Australia in the 1998 Commonwealth Games .
Wadih Sabra ( Arabic : وديع صبرا ‎ Wadī ' Ṣabrā , 23 February 1876 Beirut - 11 April 1952 Beirut ) was a Lebanese composer and founder of the National Higher Conservatory of Music in Lebanon .
Cristian Machado ( born July 23 , 1974 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is the vocalist for the heavy metal band Ill Niño and was a lead singer for Roadrunner United .
Verano de amor is the story of four teenagers who have always lived in the city of Tlacotalpan , Veracruz , Mexico .
Deep Red was shot mainly on location in Turin , Italy - a `` magical '' city according to Argento - in sixteen weeks .
God of Gamblers ( Chinese : 賭神 ; lit . God of Gambling ) is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy - drama film written and directed by Wong Jing , and featuring an all - star cast led by Chow Yun - fat and Andy Lau .
Simply Ordinary is a 1998 Hong Kong martial arts television series produced by TVB and stars Gordon Lam as famed martial artist Lam Sai - wing , who was also a known disciple of folk hero Wong Fei - hung .
Luke 's Kingdom is a 1976 Australian TV series set in colonial Australia .
Chiquititas ( literally translated as `` Little Girls '' , known in English as Tiny Angels ) is a children 's musical Argentine telenovela , created and produced by Cris Morena .
The series is based on the children 's book Gracie Graves and The Kids from Room 402 by Betty Paraskevas and Michael Paraskevas , published in 1995 .
The Art of Being Nick is an American sitcom pilot created by Bruce Helford , that aired on NBC as a special on August 27 , 1987 .
Zombie College was an American Flash cartoon series created by television writer Eric Kaplan and directed by John Rice for Icebox.com .
Riding into the Sunset is a bronze sculpture by Electra Waggoner Biggs , depicting Will Rogers on his horse , Soapsuds .
Marcelo Leite Pereira known as Marcelinho ( born 22 June 1987 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Superleague Greece club Atromitos F.C. as a Winger .
Architect Musa Mohammed Sada ( born 25 February 1957 ) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Mines & Steel Development on 6 April 2010 , when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet .
Seiichi Hishikawa , a film maker , art director , and photographer was born in Tokyo in 1969 and began his career in the music industry .
Dan Tichon ( Hebrew : דן תיכון‎ , born 5 January 1937 ) is a former Israeli politician and Speaker of the Knesset 1996 - -1999 .
Andrew Keen ( born c. 1960 ) is a British - American entrepreneur and author .
John Sturgion ( died 1665 ) was an English General Baptist preacher and pamphleteer .
Richard Baines ( fl . 1568 - -1593 ) was an Elizabethan double agent , informer , and ordained Catholic priest .
Richard Stubbe ( died 1619 ) , of Sedgeford , Norfolk , was an English politician .
George J. Wigley ( born Scotland 1825 - died 20 January 1866 , Rome , Italy ) was a British architect , journalist and supporter of Catholic causes .
The Honourable Mildmay Fane ( 31 October 1689 -- 11 September 1715 ) was a British politician .
Zora Wolfová ( 20 February 1928 -- 29 November 2012 ) was a Czech translator ( from English ) and publishing editor .
Professor Ernest Stanley Salmon ( 1 June 1871 - -12 October 1959 ) was a British mycologist and plant pathologist best known for his work in breeding new varieties of hops .
Hugo Hildebrand Hildebrandsson ( 19 August 1838 -- 29 July 1925 ) was a Swedish meteorologist and professor at Uppsala university between 1878 and 1907 .
Carl von Rabenhaupt ( Bohemia , 6 January 1602 - Coevorden , 12 August 1675 ) was a Bohemian Hussite nobleman who fought in Saxon , Dutch and Hessian service during the Thirty Years War and came out of retirement to command a Dutch regiment in the Franco - Dutch War .
Donnchad mac Cellacháin ( fl . 961 - -963 ) was a son of Cellachan of Cashel who is alleged to have briefly ruled as King of Cashel and Munster from 961 until 963 , when he was murdered by his brother .
Raymond Gadabu ( died 1964 ) was a Nauruan politician who served as Head Chief between 1953 and 1955 .
Henry Dana Ward ( Shrewsbury , Massachusetts 1797 - 1884 ) was an American abolitionist , anti - Masonic campaigner , and Millerite Adventist .
Edgardo Saporetti ( Bagnacavallo , 1865 - Bellaria , 1909 ) was an Italian painter of eclectic subjects , including portraits , landscapes , and genre subjects .
Hannah Primrose , Countess of Rosebery ( 27 July 1851 -- 19 November 1890 ) was a British noblewoman , the daughter of Baron Mayer de Rothschild and the wife of Archibald , Earl of Rosebery .
Mario Trejo ( 13 January 1926 -- 14 May 2012 ) was an Argentine poet , playwright , screenwriter , and journalist .
Albert Richard Smith ( 24 May 1816 -- 23 May 1860 ) was an English author , entertainer , and mountaineer .
Girolamo della Robbia , ( 1488 - 4 August 1566 ) was an Italian potter , the youngest son of Andrea della Robbia , together with his brother Giovanni della Robbia were among the most active collaborators in the family workshop .
Noel Andrews ( 7 January 1932 -- 8 January 2011 ) was an Irish radio and television commentator and disc jockey for RTÉ .
William Brassington ( 1837/1841 -- 3 March 1905 ) was a stonemason , sculptor and builder practising in Christchurch , New Zealand in the late 19th century .
Eduard Imhof ( 25 January 1895 - 27 April 1986 ) was a professor of cartography at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology , Zürich , from 1925 - 1965 .
Edgar Andrew Collard , CM ( 6 September 1911 -- 9 September 2000 ) was a Canadian journalist and historian , best known for his Montreal Gazette column `` All Our Yesterdays '' .
Robert Daborne ( c. 1580 -- 23 March 1628 ) was an English dramatist of the Jacobean era .
William Harward DD ( d. 1589 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1562 - 1589 .
George Dowdall ( 1487 -- 15 August 1558 ) was a fifteenth - century Irish cleric , who was twice Archbishop of Armagh .
Graham Salmon , MBE ( September 5 , 1954 -- October 1999 ) was a blind British athlete .
Meir Blinken ( 1879 -- 1915 ) was an author born in the Russian Empire who published works in Yiddish after immigrating to the United States .
Richard William Church ( 25 April 1815 -- 6 December 1890 ) was an English churchman and writer , known latterly as Dean Church .
Cuthbert William Johnson ( 1799 - -1878 ) was an English barrister and agricultural writer .
Henry Avray Tipping ( 22 August 1855 -- 16 November 1933 ) was a French - born British writer on country houses and gardens , a garden designer , and Architectural Editor of Country Life magazine for 17 years .
Jock Ball ( 16 February 1912 -- 3 June 1993 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Francesco Sambiasi or Bi Fangji ( born in 1582 in Cosenza , Calabria , Italy , died January 1649 in Kanton , China ) was a Catholic missionary to China , part of the Jesuits .
Aage Schavland ( 6 November 1806 -- 20 March 1876 ) was a Norwegian priest and Member of Parliament .
Arthur Chichester , 1st Earl of Donegall ( 16 June 1606 -- 18 March 1675 ) was an Irish peer and soldier .
Pabitra Kumar Sen ( born 1906 , Comilla , Bangladesh , died 1997 Calcutta ) was the Khaira Professor of Agriculture , Calcutta University , and founder of the College of Agriculture at Calcutta University in the 1950s .
Air Vice Marshal Adam Henry Robson CB , OBE , MC & Bar , PhD ( 3 August 1892 -- 9 October 1980 ) was a senior officer of the Royal Air Force .
Piotr Skuratowicz ( 1 August 1891 -- 1940 ) was a Polish military commander and a General of the Polish Army .
Koca Mustafa Pasha ( died 1512 ) was an Ottoman statesman .
Georg Frederik Ferdinand Allen ( 1856 - -1925 ) was a Danish singing teacher , conductor and composer .
Wilhelm Xylander ( born Wilhelm Holtzman , graecized to Xylander ; 26 December 1532 -- 10 February 1576 ) was a German classical scholar and humanist .
Luboš Měkota ( 22 May 1957 -- 9 March 2013 ) was a Czech entrepreneur , miner , and union leader .
Johan Siebke ( 17 June 1781 -- 14 August 1857 ) was a Norwegian botanical gardener , and the founder of the Botanical Garden at Tøyen , Oslo .
Peter Glenville ( born Peter Patrick Brabazon Browne ; 28 October 1913 -- 3 June 1996 ) was an English film and stage actor and director .
Amy Dora Reynolds ( 6 October 1860 -- 11 June 1957 ) , under the pen name of Mrs. Fred Reynolds , was a poet and author of crime and romance novels in the late 19th- and early 20th - century .
Captain Charles William Selwyn ( 7 March 1858 - 1 March 1893 ) was a British army officer and Conservative politician .
Maha Thiha Thura ( Burmese : မဟာသီဟသူရ ( məhà θìha̰θùja̰ ) ; also spelled Maha Thihathura ; died 1782 ) was commander - in - chief of the Burmese military from 1768 to 1776 .
Ba Kaung ( Burmese : ဘကောင်း , 1921 - 8 July 2003 ) was one of the most prominent student activists of post - independent Burma .
William Ostler ( died 16 December 1614 ) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre , a member of the King 's Men , the company of William Shakespeare .
Sir Robert Stanford Wood ( 5 July 1886 -- 18 May 1963 ) was a civil servant and educational administrator .
Dr. Zlatan Čolaković ( February 13 , 1955 -- 2008 ) was a Homerist , philologist and researcher .
Amal Kenawy ( 1974 - -2012 ) was an Egyptian contemporary visual artist , best known for her notable video and performance feminist work .
Chabi Mama ( 15 July 1921 -- 2001 ) is a former early Beninese politician .
Růžena Grebeníčková ( 1 November 1925 -- 21 July 1997 ) was a leading Czech literary historian and theorist , and translator .
Sir Thomas à Beckett ( 31 August 1836 -- 21 June 1919 ) was an Australian solicitor and judge .
Agha Shahid Ali ( 4 February 1949 , Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir - 8 December 2001 Amherst , Massachusetts ) was a Kashmiri poet .
Lieutenant General Hugh Percy , 2nd Duke of Northumberland FRS ( 14 August 1742 -- 10 July 1817 ) was an officer in the British army and later a British peer .
John Septimus Roe ( 8 May 1797 -- 28 May 1878 ) was the first Surveyor - General of Western Australia .
Nuño Pérez de Lara ( died 3 August 1177 ) was a Castilian nobleman , politician and military leader .
Daniel - Maurice Godefroy de Linctot ( baptized May 5 , 1739 -- died between January 18 and April 30 , 1783 ) was a colonial army officer and merchant in Quebec and an Indian agent in the United States .
Pieter de Bitter ( ca . 1620 -- 15 June 1666 ) was a 17th - century Dutch officer of the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) .
Mary Brunton ( née Balfour ) ( 1 November 1778 -- 7 December 1818 ) was a Scottish novelist .
Frank Bolus ( 2 November 1864 -- 15 September 1939 ) played first - class cricket for Somerset in 10 matches in the 1893 and 1894 seasons .
George Ulyett ( 21 October 1851 , Sheffield -- 18 June 1898 , Sheffield ) was an English all - round cricketer , noted particularly for his very - aggressive batsmanship .
Li Gao ( Chinese : 李暠 ; 351 - -417 ) , courtesy name Xuansheng ( 玄盛 ) , nickname Changsheng ( 長生 ) , formally Prince Wuzhao of ( Western ) Liang ( ( 西)涼武昭王 ) , was the founding duke of the Chinese state Western Liang .
Captain Mark Huish ( 9 March 1808 -- 18 January 1867 ) was an English railway manager .
Vuk Mandušić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вук Мандушић ; fl . 1645 - died 13 July 1648 ) was the capo direttore of the Morlach army , one of the most prominent harambaša ( rebel leaders ) in the Dalmatian hinterland , that fought the Ottoman Empire during the Cretan War ( 1645 - -69 ) .
Alexander Gordon , Master of Sutherland ( c.1505 - 1530 ) , Scottish magnate , made Earl of Sutherland in 1527 .
Bhai Bala ( Punjabi : ਭਾਈ ਬਾਲਾ 1466 - -1544 ) , born in Talvandi Rai Bhoi ( now called Nankana Sahib in Pakistan ) .
Charles Quatermaine ( 30 December 1877 in Richmond , Surrey -- August 1958 in Sussex ) was a British stage and film actor .
Anna Alfhild Tamm ( 1876 - 1959 ) , was a Swedish physician and Psychiatrist .
Edward Fieldwick ( 25 March 1868 -- 22 December 1910 ) was an English cricketer who made one appearance in first - class cricket in 1894 .
After the Prince of Yan usurped the throne to become the Yongle Emperor in 1402 , he summoned Fang Xiaoru , who was famed for his connection to Song Lian and the scholars of the Jinhua school as well as for his own talent and lucid composition .
Joseph Emanuel Fischer von Erlach died on June 29 , 1742 in a house fire .
Alberto Massimino ( 5 January 1895 -- 27 November 1975 ) was an Italian automotive engineer .
Walter Surovy ( sometimes spelled Szurovy ; 28 May 1910 in Vienna -- 4 November 2001 in Manhattan , New York City ) was an Austrian stage and film actor .
Porchetus ( died circa 1315 ) was a Genoese Carthusian monk .
Septimius Antiochus ( died after 273 ) was a Roman usurper in Syria during the 3rd century .
Jørgen Rytterager ( 11 June 1809 -- 17 March 1899 ) was a Norwegian farmer and public servant .
Marcos Antônio de Araújo , 2nd Baron of Itajubá ( Hamburg , 8 February 1842 -- Berlin , 3 November 1897 ) was a Brazilian jurist and diplomat .
Daw Yin Yin ( 10 August 1919 - 12 December 2011 ) also known as Saw Mon Nyin was a well - known Burmese author .
Jambyl Jabayev ( Kazakh : Жамбыл Жабаев ) ( 28 February 1846 -- 22 June 1945 ) was a Kazakh traditional folksinger ( Kazakh : akyn ) .
Kuzhur Narayana Marar ( 25 May 1925 -- 11 August 2011 ) was an Indian musician , considered to be one of the masters of Panchavadyam .
Assheton Gorton ( 1930 -- 14 September 2014 ) was an English production designer .
Otto Heilmann ( 22 August 1888 , in Munich -- 19 August 1945 , at Schwaneck Castle , Pullach ) was a German architect and contractor .
Tanja Liedtke ( 6 October 1977 -- 17 August 2007 ) was a German - born professional choreographer and dancer .
Muhammad I Abu ' l - Abbas ( died 856 ) was the fifth emir of the Aghlabids in Ifriqiya ( ruled 841 - -856 ) .
Joseph Carne ( 17 April 1782 -- 12 October 1858 ) was a British geologist and industrialist .
Nicolas Béhuchet ( ? -- 24 June 1340 ) , also known as Colin Béhuchet , was a French admiral and financier .
Wahid Baksh Bhutto ( 1898 -- 25 December 1931 ) was a landowner of Sindh , and an elected representative to the Central Legislative Assembly of India .
Maredudd ap Gruffydd ( 1130 - -1155 ) was a prince of the kingdom of Deheubarth in Southwest Wales .
Ian Malcolm Bowen Stuart ( 18 September 1902 -- 3 August 1969 ) , known as I. M. B. Stuart , was an Anglo - Irish schoolmaster , author and broadcaster in the United Kingdom who migrated to the United States in 1946 .
Shomu Mukherjee ( Bengali : সমু মুখার্জি ) ( or Shomu Mukherji ) ( 19 June , 1943 -- 10 April 2008 ) was a Bengali Indian director , writer and producer .
Peter McManus VC ( March 1829 -- 27 April 1859 ) was born in Tynan , County Armagh , was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Sir John Knyvet ( or Knivett ) ( died 16 February 1381 ) was an English lawyer and administrator .
Thomas Pelham - Holles , 1st Duke of Newcastle upon Tyne and 1st Duke of Newcastle - under - Lyne KG PC ( 21 July 1693 -- 17 November 1768 ) was a British Whig statesman , whose official life extended throughout the Whig supremacy of the 18th century .
Herman the Bull ( Lelystad , The Netherlands 16 December 1990 -- Leiden , The Netherlands 2 April 2004 ) was the first genetically modified or transgenic bovine in the world .
William Forster Lloyd FRS ( 1794 -- 2 June 1852 ) was a British writer on economics .
Captain Nathaniel Carver ( 24 September 1740 -- 1 May 1815 ) was a prosperous merchant of British America .
Paul Ayshford Methuen , 4th Baron Methuen , ( 29 September 1886 -- 7 January 1974 ) was a painter , zoologist and landowner .
General Charles George James Arbuthnot , DL ( 1801 -- 21 October 1870 ) was a British general .
Adolph Huebsch ( born in St. Nicolaus , Hungary , 18 September 1830 ; died in New York City , 10 October 1884 ) was a Hungarian - American Hebrew scholar and rabbi .
Willis Steell ( 1866 - -1941 ) was an American journalist , poet , dramatist , novelist and translator .
Benoît Lamy ( 19 September 1945 -- 15 April 2008 ) was a Belgian motion picture writer - director .
Edmund William Berridge ( 1843 -- 1923 ) was a medical doctor in London , homoeopathist in the United States and occultist .
Robert Forman ( died 1530 ) was a late medieval Scottish churchman .
Colyer Meriwether ( 8 April 1858 - 26 August 1920 ) was an American historian , educator and writer .
Captain William Crispin ( October 3 , 1627 -- 1681 ) was one of five Commissioners appointed by William Penn for settling his colony of Pennsylvania , September 30 , 1681 .
Willis Seaver Adams ( 1842 - -1921 ) was a landscape painter who studied under James Abbott McNeill Whistler .
Thomas Morton Harper ( 26 September 1821 - 29 August 1893 ) was an English Jesuit priest , philosopher , theologian and preacher .
João Anastácio Rosa ( 1812 - -1884 ) was a Portuguese actor and sculptor .
Terry Peirce ( 7 September 1930 -- 31 March 1984 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Georg Caspar Wecker ( baptized 2 April 1632 -- 20 April 1695 ) was a German Baroque organist and composer .
Alfred Young Nutt MVO ISO ( 5 May 1847 -- 25 July 1924 ) was an English architect and artist , who was Surveyor to the Dean and Canons of St George 's Chapel , Windsor in the late 19th century .
Sandro Shanshiashvili ( Georgian : სანდრო შანშიაშვილი ) ( 1888 - 1979 ) was a Georgian poet and playwright .
Willi Ritschard ( sometimes Willy Ritschard , 28 September 1918 -- 16 October 1983 ) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council ( 1974 - 1983 ) .
Emery Molyneux ( /ˈɛməri ˈmɒlᵻnoʊ/ EM - ə - ree MOL - ə - noh ; died June 1598 ) was an English Elizabethan maker of globes , mathematical instruments and ordnance .
Guido Altarelli ( 12 July 1941 -- 30 September 2015 ) was an Italian theoretical physicist .
Thomas Cockcroft ( born 15 January 1916 in Keighley , Yorkshire died 19 September 1994 in Keighley ) is a former professional rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Keighley RLFC in the 1930s and 1940s at Halfback .
Richard Pearlman ( 1938 - -8 April 2006 ) was an American theatre and opera director and educator known for his encyclopedic knowledge on every aspect of opera from stage direction to makeup .
Charles William Forman ( 1821 - -1894 ) was a Presbyterian minister , missionary and the founder of Forman Christian College , a private university in Lahore , Pakistan .
Very Rev. William Carrigan , D.D. ( 1860 -- 12 December 1924 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and historian , who was appointed canon of the Diocese of Ossory .
Joseph Obalski ( 14 September 1852 -- 25 March 1915 ) was a French - Canadian mining engineer , civil servant , professor , and author .
Jeremiah Dyke ( baptised 1584 , died 1639 ) was an English conforming Puritan minister .
Cormac mac Ceithearnach , ruler and cleric , died 881 .
Philips Wouwerman ( also Wouwermans ) ( 24 May 1619 ( baptized ) -- 19 May 1668 ) was a Dutch painter of hunting , landscape and battle scenes .
Edmund Goodenough ( 1786 - -1845 ) was an English churchman , dean of Wells from 1831 .
Donnell Ó Con Ceanainn , ( died 1316 ) was King of Uí Díarmata .
John Wessington ( also Washington ) ( died 1451 ) was an English Benedictine who became prior of Durham Abbey .
Sir Thomas Bazley , 1st Baronet ( 27 May 1797 -- 18 March 1885 ) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician .
Jean - Marie Leclair l'aîné , also known as Jean - Marie Leclair the Elder , ( 10 May 1697 -- 22 October 1764 ) was a Baroque violinist and composer .
Karl Gröger ( 7 February 1918 - 1 July 1943 ) was a member of the Dutch resistance group executed in 1943 .
Hans Multhopp ( 17 May 1913 -- 30 October 1972 ) was a German aeronautical engineer / designer .
Haridas Chaudhuri ( Bengali : হরিদাস চৌধুরী ) ( May 1913 -- 1975 ) , Bengali integral philosopher , was a correspondent with Sri Aurobindo and the founder of the California Institute of Integral Studies ( CIIS ) .
Sumantra Ghoshal ( 26 September 1948 -- 3 March 2004 ) was an Indian scholar and educator who served as Professor of Strategic and International Management at the London Business School , and was the founding Dean of the Indian School of Business in Hyderabad .
Barry Edward Johnson ( 1 Aug 1937 Woolwich , London , England -- 5 May 2002 Newcastle upon Tyne , England ) was an English mathematician who worked on operator algebras .
John Conrad Jaeger , FRS ( 30 July 1907 -- 15 May 1979 ) was an Australian mathematical physicist .
Jean Dondelinger ( 4 July 1931 -- 21 October 2004 ) was a Luxembourgian diplomat and civil servant .
Forbes Johnston ( 3 August 1971 -- 12 July 2007 ) was a Scottish professional footballer playing primarily in defence , but also spending some time in the midfield .
William Denis Kendall , generally known as Denis Kendall , ( 27 May 1903 Halifax , West Yorkshire , England -- 19 July 1995 Los Angeles , California ) , was a controversial , British , Independent , Member of Parliament .
Hallvard Gunnarssøn ( c.1550 -- 1608 ) was a Norwegian educator and non - fiction writer .
Tom Mackie ( 30 March 1918 -- 1989 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a left back .
Hugh Goodacre ( died 1553 ) was an English Protestant clergyman , who was briefly Church of Ireland Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of Ireland .
Selim Aga ( born around 1826 in Taqali area of Sudan , died December 1875 in Liberia ) , a native of Sudan who was abducted by slave traders when he was eight years of age , was brought to Scotland in 1836 , and raised and educated as a free man .
Baldwin Nkumbula ( died 27 August 1995 ) was a Zambian politician and a son of veteran politician Harry Nkumbula .
Richard Buchta ( 19 January 1845 -- 29 July 1894 ) was an Austrian explorer , born in Radlow , Galicia .
Paulus Barbus ( Paul Soncinas ) ( b. at Soncino , Lombardy , from where comes the name of Soncinas which appears at the head of his books ; d. at Cremona , 4 August 1494 ) was an Italian Dominican philosopher and theologian .
Charles Zinzan ( died 1714 ) was the English Acting Governor of Bombay in the late 17th century .
Charles Frank Byers , Baron Byers , OBE , PC , DL ( 24 July 1915 -- 6 February 1984 ) was a British Liberal Party politician .
Edwin Lankester FRS , FRMS , MRCS ( 23 April 1814 -- 30 October 1874 ) was an English surgeon and naturalist who made a major contribution to the control of cholera in London : he was the first public analyst in England .
Tamaz Nadareishvili ( Georgian : თამაზ ნადარეიშვილი ) ( 19 July 1954 -- 31 August 2004 ) was a Georgian politician who served as head of the Council of Ministers of Abkhazia , a government - in - exile for the breakaway province .
Jon Pyong - ho ( March 1926 -- 7 July 2014 ; also written Chŏn Pyŏng - ho ) was the Chief Secretary of the Korean Workers Party ( KWP ) Committee of the North Korean Cabinet , and director of the DPRK Cabinet Political Bureau before his retirement in 2010 .
Herbert Ditty ( died 1998 ) was a lifelong Ulster Unionist politician , representing the Shankill Road , Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Esther Roper ( 4 August 1868 -- 28 April 1938 ) was an English suffragist and social justice campaigner who fought for equal employment and voting rights for working - class women .
Nicholas Merbury ( died 1421 ) was an English administrator , Member of Parliament and first Master of the Ordnance .
Pleasant Moorman Miller , ( unknown birth - 1849 ) was an American politician who represented Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives .
Paul Lester Wiener ( 1895 - -1967 ) was an American architect and urban planner .
Samuel Hale Parker ( 1781 - -1864 ) was a publisher and bookseller in 19th - century Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
Lennart Rönnback ( 21 May 1905 -- 4 November 2007 ) was a Finnish White Guard veteran of the Finnish Civil War of 1918 .
K. Srinivasan ( 1899 - -1975 ) , also known as Stalin Srinivasan , was an Indian journalist and Indian independence activist who founded the journal Manikodi in 1932 .
Ashok Kumar ( 13 October 1911 -- 10 December 2001 ) , born Kumudlal Ganguly and also fondly called Dadamoni , was an Indian film actor who attained iconic status in Indian cinema .
Elsie Hill ( 1883 - -1970 ) was an American suffragist , as were her sisters Clara and Helena Hill .
August Weenaas ( 1835 - -1924 ) was a Norwegian American Lutheran minister and educator .
Harry Frederick Dietz ( 8 December 1890 , Indianapolis -4 September 1954 , Kennett Square PA ) was an American economic entomologist .
Peter Quesnel ( or Quesuel ) ( d. 1299 ? ) , Franciscan , was warden of the Franciscan house at Norwich , and died about 1299 .
Arthur Stuart - Menteth Hutchinson ( 2 June 1879 -- 14 March 1971 ) , commonly known by his initials A. S. M. Hutchinson , was a British novelist .
Michael Louis Hearn ( 1866 -- 1 May 1931 ) was an Irish Nationalist Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for South County Dublin , 1917 - 18 .
Gabrielle Daye ( 2 October 1911 in Manchester , Lancashire -- 5 January 2005 in Essex ) was an English television actress , notable for her role as Mrs. Pring on Bless Me Father .
William Pennefather ( 1816 - 1873 ) was an Irish Anglican cleric who spent most of his adult life in England , and was celebrated for his hymns and sermons .
Congal Cennmagair ( died 710 ) was High King of Ireland .
Margaret Mittelheuser ( 1931 - -2013 ) was an Australian stockbroker .
Bishop Festo Kivengere ( 1919 - -1988 ) was a Ugandan Anglican - Christian leader referred to by many as `` the Billy Graham of Africa '' .
Alexander Egorovich Varlamov ( or Aleksandr Yegorovich Varlamov ; Russian : Александр Егорович Варламов ; 27 November 1801 -- 27 October 1848 ) was one of the founding fathers of the Russian art song .
Kenneth H. Wood , Jr. ( 5 November 1917 -- 25 May 2008 ) was a Seventh - day Adventist minister , author , editor , and administrator .
Paul Panhuysen ( 21 August 1934 - -29 January 2015 ) was a Dutch composer , visual and sound artist .
Abd Allah ibn Abd al - Latif Al ash - Sheikh ( 1848 - -1921 ) was an Islamic scholar from Saudi Arabia and was the grandfather of King Faisal of Saudi Arabia .
Hallvard Rieber - Mohn ( 2 October 1922 , Molde - 4 August 1982 ) was a Norwegian writer and Dominican priest .
Mary Annette Anderson ( July 27 , 1874 -- 1922 ) was an American professor and the first African American woman elected to Phi Beta Kappa .
Balangoda Ananda Maitreya Thero ( Sinhalese : අග්ග මහා පණ්ඩිත බලංගොඩ ආනන්ද මෛත්‍රෙය මහනාහිමි;23 August 1896 -- 18 July 1998 ) was a Sri Lankan scholar Buddhist monk .
Christian Brod , ( Oranienburg , 1917 -- Berlin , 2012 ) was a German painter whose work was discovered by his cousin Otto Brod in 2012 .
Carron Giovanni ( before 1619 -- 1649 ) was the First Duke of Buttigliera Alta .
Adalbold II of Utrecht ( died 27 November 1026 ) was a bishop of Utrecht ( 1010 - -1026 ) .
Syed Abu Bakar bin Taha Alsagoff ( Arabic : سيد أبو بكر بن طه السقاف‎ Saiyid Abū Bakr bin Ṭāhā al - saqqāf ) ( 1882 , in Hadramaut , Yemen -- 22 January 1956 ) was a well - known Islamic educator in Singapore .
Trevor Keelor , VrC , ( 8 December 1934 -- 27 April 2002 ) was a hero of the Indo - Pakistani war .
Shmuel Ehrenfeld ( Yiddish : שמואל עהרענפעלד‎ , 1891 - -1980 ) , known as the Mattersdorfer Rav , was a pre - eminent Orthodox Jewish rabbi in pre - war Austria and a respected Torah leader and community builder in post - war America .
Hugh Robert Mill ( 28 May 1861 -- 5 April 1950 ) was a Scottish geographer and meteorologist who was influential in the reform of geography teaching , and in the development of meteorology as a science .
Audley Archdall ( 6 June 1826 -- 27 February 1893 ) was an Irish cricketer .
Daniel Jacob Danielsen ( also known as Dollin , born 15 June 1871 in Copenhagen , grew up in Tórshavn , Faroe Islands , died 16 October 1916 ) was a Faroese missionary and humanitarian worker .
Walter Shanly ( 11 October 1817 -- 17 December 1899 ) was a Canadian civil engineer , author , businessman , and politician .
Thorold Charles Reep ( 22 September 1904 -- 3 February 2002 ) was an analyst credited with creating the long ball game which has characterized English football .
Arthur Edward Waite ( 2 October 1857 -- 19 May 1942 ) , commonly known as A. E. Waite , was an American - born British poet and scholarly mystic who wrote extensively on occult and esoteric matters , and was the co - creator of the Rider - Waite Tarot deck .
Abu Mansur Sabuktigin ( Persian : ابو منصور سبکتگین‎‎ ) ( ca 942 -- August 997 ) , also spelled as Sabuktagin , Sabuktakin , Sebüktegin and Sebük Tigin , was the founder of the Ghaznavid dynasty , ruling from 977 to 997 .
Earl Carlson ( c. 1925 -- c. 1970 ) is a former ice hockey player who played for the Durham Wasps .
Diederik Sonoy or Snoey ( Kalkar ( Duchy of Cleves ) , 1529 - Pieterburen , 2 June 1597 ) was a leader of the Geuzen during the Eighty Years ' War .
David Leslie , 1st Lord Newark ( c. 1600 - -1682 ) was a cavalry officer and General in the English Civil War and Scottish Civil Wars .
I. M. Rașcu ( most common rendition of Ion Rașcu ; March 31 ( O.S. March 19 ) 1890 -- 1971 ) was a Romanian poet of Symbolist verse , cultural promoter , comparatist , and schoolteacher .
Sir William Goring , 1st Baronet ( died 1658 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629 .
Lady Auriel Rosemary Malet Vaughan ( 20 January 1923 -- 14 October 2014 ) was an author of literary fiction and biographies who wrote under the name of Oriel Malet .
George Clancy , also known as Seoirse Mac Fhlannchadha and Seoirse Clancy , ( 1881 -- 7 March 1921 ) , was an Irish nationalist politician and Mayor of Limerick .
Sri Swami Anandpuri ji Maharaj ( 1782 - -1872 ) is known as the founder of the Advait Mat tradition .
Xu Enzeng ( Chinese : 徐恩曾 ) ( 1896 - 1985 ) was a Republic of China politician .
John Paget Figg - Hoblyn died in a nursing home on 12 June 2011 at the age of 85 .
Joseph Jane ( died 1660 ) was an English royalist politician and controversialist .
Sir Nathaniel Creswick K.C.B. ( 31 July 1831 -- 20 October 1917 ) was an English footballer who co - founded Sheffield FC , the oldest football club in the world , in 1857 .
Kadaru Nagabhushanam or K. B. Nagabhushanam ( Telugu : కడారు నాగభూషణం ) ( 1902 -- 18 October 1976 ) was a Telugu and Tamil film director and producer in the 1940s to 1960s .
Johann Adam Breunig ( 1660 in Mainz -- 1727 ) was a German Baroque architect .
William Faithorne , often `` the Elder '' , ( 1616 -- 13 May 1691 ) , English painter and engraver .
Doris Collins ( 1918 - 2003 ) was a British spiritualist and psychic medium .
Walter Thomas James Morgan CBE FRS ( 5 October 1900 -- 10 February 2003 ) was a British biochemist noted for his work on the immunochemistry of Antigens and described as ' one of the pioneers of immunochemistry ' .
Debala Mitra ( 14 December 1925 -- 2 December 2003 ) was an Indian archaeologist who served as Director General of the Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI ) from 1981 to 1983 .
Rod Watt ( 2 January 1895 -- 29 May 1967 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ioannis Sofianopoulos ( Greek : Ιωάννης Σοφιανόπουλος ; 1887 - -1951 ) was a Greek politician and leader of the Agrarian Party .
Sir George Aitken Clark Hutchison ( 6 July 1873 -- 22 December 1928 ) was a Scottish Unionist who served as the Member of Parliament for Midlothian and Peebles Northern from 1922 to 1923 , and from 1924 until his death .
Gaius Rubellius Blandus ( ? died 38 ) was a suffect consul of ancient Rome , a grandson of Rubellius Blandus of Tibur ( see Tivoli , Italy ) .
Khaled Yashruti ( 1937 in Akko , Palestine -- 1970 in Beirut , Lebanon ) was a Palestinian political activist and a leading member of the PLO .
Bathanarius ( died 408 ) was a politician of the Western Roman Empire , comes Africae and brother - in - law of Stilicho .
Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg ( 11 November 1599 -- 28 March 1655 ) was a German princess and queen consort of Sweden .
Mohamed El Gourch ( Arabic : محمد الكورش‎‎ ; 11 January 1936 -- 21 February 2015 ) was a Moroccan road racing cyclist who won the Tour du Maroc , a record three times , in 1960 , 1964 and 1965 .
Dr. Anna Wessels Williams ( 1863 - -1954 ) worked as a bacteriologist at the first municipal diagnostic laboratory in the United States , helped develop the diphtheria antitoxin and was the first woman to be elected chair of the laboratory section of the American Public Health Association .
Okeke Nelson Malachy ( d 26 January 2007 , Changi Prison , Singapore ) was found guilty of drug offences and subsequently executed by the government of Singapore .
Gordon Brewster ( 26 September 1889 -- 16 June 1946 ) was an editorial cartoonist for the Irish Independent group of newspapers .
Charlotte Haldane ( née Franken , first married name Burghes ; 27 April 1894 -- 16 March 1969 ) was a British feminist author .
Gonzalo Martínez Ortega ( 27 April 1934 -- 2 June 1998 ) was a Mexican actor , director , screenwriter & producer .
Samuel Kemper ( died 1814 ) was an American adventurer and filibuster .
S. Siddalingaiah ( 1936 -- 12 March 2015 ) was an Indian film director and writer in the Kannada film industry .
Thomas H. O'Shea ( 1898 - -1962 ) was an Irish revolutionary and one of the founders of the Transport Workers Union of America ( TWU ) , subway workers in New York City that expanded to represent members in other forms of transit nationwide .
Vijaya Narasimha ( Kannada : ವಿಜಯ ನರಸಿಂಹ ) ( 1927 -- 31 October 2001 ) was an Indian lyricist who worked in Kannada cinema .
Mary Ann DeWeese ( 1913 - -1993 ) was an American sportswear designer .
Ellen Maude Carey I.S.O. ( 1888 - 8 August 1950 ) was the Colonial Postmaster of the Falkland Islands from 1 January 1934 .
William II , Marquis of Namur ( 22 January 1355 -- 10 January 1418 ) inherited the Marquisate of Namur from his father William I in 1391 and held it until his own death .
Joseph Connellan , known as Joe Connellan ( died 11 April 1967 ) was a nationalist politician and newspaper editor in Ireland .
Shri Tridandi Swami ( 22 April 1905 -- 2 December 1999 ) was a renowned Sri Vaishnava saint and one of the foremost preachers of the Sri Sampradaya in North India .
Gertrude Blanch ( ca . 1897 - 1996 ) was an American mathematician who did pioneering work in numerical analysis and computation .
Howell Evans ( 3 March 1928 -- 9 September 2014 ) was a Welsh actor , comedian , and singer who worked extensively in television and theatre roles in a career spanning over 60 years .
George Meikle Kemp ( 25 May 1795 -- 6 March 1844 ) was a Scottish carpenter / joiner , draughtsman , and self - taught architect .
John Ward Knowles ( 1838 - -1931 ) was a prominent British York - based stained - glass manufacturer , and commentator on local art and music .
Leonardo Morales y Pedroso ( 1887 - -1965 ) was one of the most prominent Cuban architects from early 20th century .
Meir Argov ( Hebrew : מאיר ארגוב‎ , Meyer Grabovsky ; 1905 -- 24 November 1963 ) was a Zionist activist , Israeli politician and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence .
Thomas la Warr , 5th Baron De La Warr ( c. 1352 -- 7 May 1427 ) was an English nobleman , the second son of Roger la Warr , 3rd Baron De La Warr and Elizabeth de Welle , daughter of Adam , 3rd Baron Welles .
Dr August Ferdinand Carl Schwartz ( 1817 - -1870 ) was a leading Hebrew Christian clergyman and minister of the Free Church of Scotland in Amsterdam , then Free Church minister in London .
Chanakya ( IAST : Cāṇakya ; pronunciation ; 350 -- 275 BCE ) was an Indian teacher , philosopher , economist , jurist and royal advisor .
Sophus Thalbitzer ( 1871 - -1941 ) was a Danish psychiatrist and medical doctor specializing in manic depressive psychoses .
Ben - Hur Baz ( 1906 - -2003 ) was a painter of pin - up art . Born in Mexico in 1906 , Baz was a pin - up and glamour artist who became known in the late 1940s and 1950s for his association with Esquire magazine .
Samuel Courtauld ( 1793 - 1881 ) Catherine Courtauld ( 1795- ) George Courtauld ( 1802 - 1861 ) He died on 13 August 1823 in Pittsburgh , Allegheny County , Pennsylvania .
Edward L. Allen ( 1830 - 1914 ) or E.L. Allen was a photographer in 19th - century United States .
Henry M. Brinckerhoff ( 1868 - -1949 ) was a pioneering highway engineer who in 1906 partnered with William Barclay Parsons to found what would eventually be known as Parsons Brinckerhoff , one of the largest transportation , planning and engineering companies in the United States .
Andrew Keir ( 3 April 1926 -- 5 October 1997 ) was a Scottish actor , who rose to prominence in a number of films made by Hammer Film Productions in the 1960s .
Blessed Teresa Manganiello ( 1 January 1849 -- 4 November 1876 ) was an Italian who became a member of the Secular Franciscan Order .
Giano II di Campofregoso ( 1455 - -1525 ) was the 43rd Doge of Genoa , ruling from 29 June 1512 to 25 May 1513 .
Johann Jakob Erhardt , or John James Erhardt , ( 17 April 1823 -- 14 August 1901 ) was a German missionary and explorer who worked in East Africa and India .
Paolo Constabile ( died 1582 ) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1580 to 1582 .
Isador Goodman AM ( 27 May 1909 -- 2 December 1982 ) was a South African - Australian Jewish pianist , composer and conductor .
Thomas Wotton , 2nd Baron Wotton ( 1587 -- 2 April 1630 ) was an English peer .
Alexander Nairne D.D. ( d. 1936 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1921 to 1936 and Regius Professor of Divinity at Cambridge .
Bumin Qaghan ( Old Turkic : , Bumïn qaγan , a.k.a . Bumın Kagan ) or Illig Qaghan ( Chinese : 伊利可汗 , Pinyin : yīlì kěhàn , Wade -- Giles : i - li k'o - han , died 552 AD ) was the founder of the Turkic Khaganate .
Alfredo Gargiullo ( Genoa , 3 April 1906 - Milan , 9 March 1928 ) was an Italian sprinter ( 400 m ) .
Shalva Amiranashvili ( Georgian : შალვა ამირანაშვილი ; 26 March 1899 -- 9 February 1975 ) was a Georgian art historian , one of the first to have engaged in systematic scholarly treatment of the art of Georgia .
Sir George Onesiphorus Paul , 2nd Baronet ( 1746 - -1820 ) was an English prison reformer and philanthropist .
Israel Goldstein ( June 18 , 1896 -- 1986 ) was an American - born Israeli rabbi , author and Zionist leader .
Amelia of Masovia ( pl : Amelia mazowiecka ; 1397/98 - after 17 May 1434 ) , was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast in the Masovian branch .
Sultan Mahmud Mirza ( c. 1453 - January 1495 ) was a prince Timurid branch of Transoxiana , son of Abu Sa'id Mirza .
Hubert Detremmerie ( 26 March 1930 ; Deerlijk--9 November 2008 ; Ronse ) was a Belgian businessman and banker .
Ebenezer Brown ( ca 1824 -- June 5 , 1883)was an English - born wholesale merchant and political figure in British Columbia .
Admiral Radhakrishna Hariram Tahiliani ( Hindi : राधाकृष्ण हरिराम तहिलियानी , 12 May 1930 -- 14 October 2015 ) also known as R. H. Tahiliani , was a Four - Star Admiral in the Indian Navy .
Samuel Cummings , ( 7 February 1927 -- 29 April 1998 ) was an American small arms dealer .
Pedro Pompilio ( 11 November 1949 -- 30 October 2008 in Bernal , Buenos Aires ) was a football businessman and chairman of Boca Juniors .
Zhu Xuzhi ( simplified Chinese : 朱虚之 ; traditional Chinese : 朱虛之 ; pinyin : Zhū Xūzhī ; 1912 - 8 November 2000 ) was a general in the People 's Liberation Army of China .
Gwen Foster ( 1903 - -1954 ) was an old - time / country harmonica player who was known for work in The Carolina Tar Heels and the Blue Ridge Mountain Entertainers .
Jonathan Stevens ( died 27 December 2013 ) , known as `` Dr. Jonny '' , was a British medical researcher and campaigner for people with Parkinson 's Disease .
David Urquhart ( 1 July 1805 -- 16 May 1877 ) was a Scottish diplomat , writer and politician , serving as a Member of Parliament from 1847 to 1852 .
Humphry William Woolrych ( 1795 - -1871 ) was an English lawyer , known as a legal writer and biographer .
Thomas Hobbes Scott ( 17 April 1783 -- 1 January 1860 ) was an English - born clergyman , active in Australia .
Dulcie Howes ( 31 December 1908 -- 19 March 1993 ) was a South African ballet dancer , teacher , choreographer , and company director .
Jovan Tomić ( 9 May 1869 in Nova Varoš -- 22 July 1932 in Belgrade ) was Serbian historian and member of Serbian Academy of Science and Arts .
Hector Morison ( 1850 -- 4 June 1939 ) was a British stockbroker and Liberal Party politician .
Sir Thomas Kitson ( 1485 -- 11 September 1540 ) was a wealthy English merchant , Sheriff of London , and builder of Hengrave Hall in Suffolk .
Gerald Sharp ( 27 October 1865 -- 30 August 1933 ) was an English - born Anglican clergyman , Archbishop of Brisbane 1921 - -1933 .
Ernest de Sélincourt ( 1870 - -1943 ) was a British literary scholar and critic .
Elizabeth Cobbold or Carolina Petty Pasty born Elizabeth Knipe ( 1765 - -1824 ) was a British writer and poet .
Lazare de Baïf ( 1496 - -1547 ) was a French diplomat and humanist .
Empress Yang Zhi ( 楊芷 ) ( 259 - -292 ) , courtesy name Jilan ( 季蘭 ) , nickname Nanyin ( 男胤 ) , formally Empress Wudao ( 武悼皇后 , literally `` the martial and fearful empress '' ) was an empress of Jin Dynasty ( 265 - -420 ) .
Lionel Bradley Pett ( November 12 , 1909- 2003 ) was a Canadian biochemist and nutritionist .
Anne - François - Charles Trelliard or Treillard or Treilhard , born 7 February 1764 -- died 14 May 1832 , joined the cavalry of the French Royal Army as a cadet gentleman in 1780 .
Angharad Llwyd ( 15 April 1780 -- 16 October 1866 ) was a Welsh antiquary and a prizewinner at the National Eisteddfod of Wales .
Henry Smith Leiper ( 17 September 1891 -- 22 January 1975 ) was a missionary .
Robert Wellbeloved Scott , born Robert Wellbeloved ( 15 July 1803 -- 21 February 1856 ) was the Liberal Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Walsall , England from 1841 to 1847 .
Gerard Legh ( died 1563 ) was an English lawyer , known as a writer on heraldry .
Lewis Greifer ( 19 December 1915 in London , England -- 18 March 2003 ) was a writer for television , film , and radio .
Paddy Crosbie ( 1 October 1913 -- 2 September 1982 ) was the Irish creator of the radio and television programmes The School Around The Corner and Back To School .
Blessed Pio Alberto del Corona , O.P. ( 5 July 1837 - 15 August 1912 ) , born Alberto del Corona , was a Roman Catholic Italian archbishop and the founder of the Dominican Sisters of the Holy Spirit .
René Marcelin ( 12 June 1885 - 24 September 1914 ) was a French physical chemist , who died in World War I at a young age .
Camillo Guerra ( Naples 21 May 1797 -- 10 March 1874 Naples ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in Naples , Italy .
John Aloysius Blake ( 1826 -- 22 May 1887 ) was an Irish nationalist politician and Member of Parliament .
John Laney ( died 1633 ) , of Cratfield and Ipswich , Suffolk , was an English politician .
Sir Ifor Williams ( 16 April 1881 -- 4 November 1965 ) was a Welsh scholar who laid the foundations for the academic study of Old Welsh , particularly early Welsh poetry .
İsmail Selen ( 1931 , Bolu - 23 May 1991 , Ankara ) was a retired general in the Turkish Gendarmerie .
Charles Ransford died on 11 July 1886 at The Hospital of St. Cross in Winchester , Hampshire , England .
Charles Stedman ( 1753 - -1812 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the American War of Independence and afterwards wrote a detailed history on the conflict .
Edvard Engelsaas ( 17 November 1872 -- 3 August 1902 ) was a Norwegian speed skater and world champion .
Chrysocheir ( Greek : Χρυσόχειρ ) , also known as Chrysocheres , Chrysocheris , or Chrysocheiros ( Χρυσόχερης/Χρυσόχερις/Χρυσόχειρος ) , all meaning `` goldhand '' , was the last leader of the Paulician principality of Tephrike from 863 to 872 .
Ulrich , 10th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau ( German : Ulrich Ferdinand Adolf Antonius Bonaventura Maria Fürst Kinsky von Wchinitz und Tettau ; 15 August 1893 -- 19 December 1938 ) was the titular pretender Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau .
Joaquin Alberto Vargas y Chávez ( 9 February 1896 -- 30 December 1982 ) was a noted Peruvian painter of pin - up girls .
Sim On ( 1375 -- 18 January 1419 ( the 23rd day of the 12th lunar month 1418 ) ) was a Prime Minister or Chief State Councillor of the Korean Joseon Dynasty from September 1418 to December 1418 and the father of a Queen and father - in - law to King Sejong .
Nicholas II of Niemodlin ( Polish : Mikołaj II Niemodliński ; c. 1462 -- 27 June 1497 ) , was a Duke of Opole - Brzeg - Strzelce - Niemodlin in 1476 ( as co - ruler of his father ) and sole Duke of Niemodlin from 1476 until his death .
Ralph Churton ( 1754 - -1831 ) was an English churchman and academic , archdeacon of St David 's and a biographer .
Ramananda Chatterjee ( Bengali : রামানন্দ চট্টোপাধ্যায় ) ( 29 May 1865 -- 30 September 1943 ) was founder , editor , and owner of the Calcutta based magazine , the Modern Review .
James Hamilton Siree Clarke ( 25 January 1840 -- 9 July 1912 ) , better known as Hamilton Clarke , was an English conductor , composer and organist .
Auxentius of Mopsuestia ( died 360 ) was bishop of Mopsuestia , and is a saint in the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches .
Jean Gillon ( 1919 - -2007 ) was a Brazilian furniture designer .
Anas ibn Malik ibn Nadar al - Khazraji Al - Ansari ( Arabic : أنس بن مالك الخزرجي الأنصاري‎ , c.612 - 712 , or died 709 ) was a well - known sahabi ( companion ) of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Hanifa Safi ( died 13 July 2012 ) was the regional head of the Women 's Affairs Ministry for Laghman Province , Afghanistan , since 2008 .
Henry John May ( 16 July 1867 -- 19 November 1939 ) was a British co - operative movement activist .
Duan Yuanfei ( 段元妃 ) ( died 396 ) , formally Empress Cheng'ai ( 成哀皇后 , literally `` the successful and lamentable empress '' ) , was an empress of the Chinese / Xianbei state Later Yan .
Branko Gavella ( 29 July 1885 -- 8 April 1962 ) was a Croatian theatre director , critic and essayist .
Stephen Peer ( 1840 - 1887 ) was a tightrope walker who , though he completed the feat successfully many times , fell to his death while walking a tightrope over Niagara Falls .
Evelyn Greeley ( 1888 - -1975 ) was a prominent actress in the early years of silent film , appearing in approximately 30 films from 1915 to 1922 .
Johannes Schenck ( or Schenk , 3 June 1660 - -after 1712 ) was a Dutch musician and composer .
James Erskine , 6th Earl of Buchan ( died 1640 ) , was the eldest son of John Erskine , Earl of Mar , by his second wife , Lady Margaret Stuart , daughter of Esme Stewart , duke of Lennox .
Allan Maconochie , Lord Meadowbank FRSE FSA(Scot ) ( 1748 - -1816 ) was a Scottish advocate , academic jurist , judge and agriculturalist .
Heinrich Feisthauer ( 14 September 1898 -- 11 November 1964 ) was an opponent of the Nazi regime and survivor of Sachsenhausen concentration camp of Silesian origin .
Katarina Asplund ( 1690 - 1758 ) , was a Finnish pietist .
Luigi Piacenza ( 22 March 1935 -- 14 November 2009 ) was an Italian botanist , with expertise in ethnobotany and paleobotany .
Margo MacDonald ( née Aitken ; 19 April 1943 -- 4 April 2014 ) was a Scottish teacher , broadcaster and politician .
Karl Friedrich Köppen ( 26 April 1808 -- 26 April 1863 ) was a German teacher and political journalist .
Ruggero Mastroianni ( 7 November 1929 -- 9 September 1996 ) was an Italian film editor ; critic Tony Sloman has called him `` arguably , the finest Italian film editor of his generation . ''
Georgios Sakellarios ( Greek : Γεώργιος Σακελλάριος ; 1765 - -1838 ) was a chief physician at the court of Ali Pasha .
Wang Hongyi ( 王弘義 ) ( died 694 ) was a secret police official during the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty .
Clifton Cappie Towle ( 1888 - -1946 ) , founding member of The Anthropological Society of New South Wales in 1928 with William Walford Thorpe .
Edwin Duncan Sandys , Baron Duncan - Sandys ( /ˈsændz/ ) CH PC ( 24 January 1908 -- 26 November 1987 ) was a British politician and minister in successive Conservative governments in the 1950s and 1960s .
Johannes Hähle ( 15 February 1906 -- 10 June 1944 ) was a German military photographer during World War II .
Crispian St. Peters ( 5 April 1939 -- 8 June 2010 ) was an English pop singer - songwriter , best known for his work in the 1960s , particularly his 1966 hits , `` The Pied Piper '' and `` You Were on My Mind . ''
Domingo Bucci ( San Carlos Centro 1894 - Arrecifes 1933 ) was an Argentine racing driver .
Dr Charles Kearns Deane Tanner ( 20 September 1849 - 21 April 1901 ) was an Irish surgeon and politician .
Joseph Rodes Buchanan ( 1814 in Frankfort , Kentucky -- 1899 ) was an American physician and professor of physiology at the Eclectic Medical Institute in Covington , Kentucky .
Professor Nasir Imanguliyev died in 1998 , in Baku .
Odd Grønvold ( 8 September 1907 -- 18 February 1992 ) was a Norwegian royal servant .
Graeme McMahon ( 1940 -- 1 July 2014 ) was an Australian rules football player and executive , best known as chairman of Essendon from 1997 to 2003 .
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Terence Chichele Plowden ( 6 February 1883 - 13 July 1956 ) was a British army officer , military administrator and diplomat who served as political agent of the Baluchistan and Resident and Chief Commissioner of Coorg from 1933 to 1937 .
Timothy Akis , born around 1944 in Tsembaga village , Simbai Valley , Madang Province , Papua New Guinea , died in 1984 , was a Papua New Guinean artist .
John Conrad Otto ( born near Woodbridge , New Jersey , 15 March 1774 ; died in Philadelphia , 26 June 1844 ) was a United States physician .
Imane Khalifeh ( 1955 - -1995 ) was a Lebanese educator and peace activist .
Hal Downey ( 1877 - 1959 ) was an American hematologist .
Anna of Eppstein - Königstein ( Königstein , 1481 -- Stolberg , 7 August 1538 ) was the daughter of Philip I of Eppstein - Königstein and his wife , Louise de la Marck .
Saint Genebald ( Genebaldus , Genebandus ) ( French : Génebaud , Génebaut , Guénebauld ) ( died 550 AD ) was a Frankish bishop of Laon .
Don Diego de San Francisco Tehuetzquititzin ( sometimes called Tehuetzquiti or Tehuetzqui ) ( died 1554 ) was the 16th tlatoani and second governor of Tenochtitlan .
David Basnett , Baron Basnett ( 9 February 1924 -- 25 January 1989 ) was a prominent British trade union leader .
John Dalrymple , 5th Earl of Stair ( 1720 - -1789 ) was a Scottish soldier and politician .
Herbert James Craig CBE ( 30 September 1869 - 18 March 1934 ) was a British Liberal Party politician , businessman and barrister .
Ted Politz ( 28 July 1889 -- 14 February 1967 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Philip Albright Small Franklin ( 1 February 1871 - - 14 August 1939 ) was president and chairman of International Mercantile Marine Company ( IMM ) from 1916 to 1936 .
Carlo Somigliana ( 20 September 1860 -- 20 June 1955 ) was an Italian mathematician and a classical mathematical physicist , faithful member of the school of Enrico Betti and Eugenio Beltrami .
Lawrence Malcolm Allison ( 1894 - -1974 ) was a maker of gliders and was a pioneer aviator .
Alf Murray ( 1914 -- 12 March 1999 ) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing - forward for the Armagh senior team .
Friedrich Wilhelm Konow ( 11 July 1842 , in Mechow -- 18 March 1908 , in Teschendorf ) was a German entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera especially Tenthredinidae .
Sir Salathiel Lovell ( 1631/2 - -1713 ) was an English judge , Recorder of London , an ancient and bencher of Gray 's Inn , and a Baron of the Exchequer .
Myron Stout ( 1908 - -1987 ) was an American abstract painter whose geometric paintings and drawings bridged the styles of Abstract Expressionism and Minimalism .
Nir Poraz ( 14 May 1971 -- 14 October 1994 ) ( Hebrew : ניר פורז ) was an Israeli Defence Forces Captain who was killed in action by Hamas during the failed October 14 , 1994 rescue mission for IDF soldier Nachshon Wachsman in Bir Nabbalah .
Oleg Tronko ( 20 June 1918 , Kiev , Russian Empire - 27 February 1939 , Rome , Italy ) was a Catholic convert from Orthodoxy and a seminarist from Russicum .
Takis Kanellopoulos ( Greek : Τάκης Κανελλόπουλος ; 26 October 1933 -- 21 September 1990 ) was a Greek film director and screenwriter .
Liu Jianfeng ( 劉建鋒 ) ( d. 896 ) , courtesy name Ruiduan ( 銳端 ) , was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , who controlled Wu'an Circuit ( 武安 , headquartered in modern Changsha , Hunan ) from 894 to his death in 896 .
Marjorie Grice - Hutchinson ( 26 May 1908 -- 12 April 2003 ) was an English economist , best known for her work on the history of economic thought in Spain , and particularly that of the late Scholastic School of Salamanca .
Guy Middleton Powell ( 14 December 1907 -- 30 July 1973 ) , better known as Guy Middleton , was an English film character actor .
Heather Stohler ( 29 November 1979 -- 11 May 2008 ) was an American model .
William Henry Hudson ( 4 August 1841 -- 18 August 1922 ) was an author , naturalist , and ornithologist .
Robert Connell ( 1871 - -1957 ) was a clergyman and politician in British Columbia .
John Francis Toye ( 27 January 1883 -- 13 October 1964 ) was an English music critic , teacher , writer and educational administrator .
Lieutenant General Sagat Singh , PVSM ( 14 July 1918 -- 26 September 2001 ) was a three - star General in the Indian Army notable for his participation in liberation of Goa and later in Bangladesh .
General Lázár Mészáros ( English : Lazarus Mészáros ) ( 20 February 1796 in Baja -- 16 November 1858 in Eywood ) , was the Minister of War during the 1848 Hungarian Revolution .
Friedrich Hopfner ( 28 October 1881 -- 5 September 1949 ) was an Austrian geodesist , geophysicist and planetary scientist .
Bartolomeo Panciatichi ( 1507 - 1582 ) was an Italian humanist and politician .
Alessio de Marchis or il Marchis ( Naples , 1684 - 1752 , Perugia ) was an Italian painter of the early 18th century , active mainly in Rome and Urbino , mainly as a landscape painter .
James Halman ( c. 1639 -- 23 December 1702 ) was an academic of the University of Cambridge .
Humphrey FitzAlan , 15th Earl of Arundel , 5th Baron Maltravers ( 30 January 1429 -- 24 April 1438 ) .
Air Commodore Arthur Vere Harvey , Baron Harvey of Prestbury CBE ( 31 January 1906 - -5 April 1994 ) was a British Conservative politician , and Member of Parliament ( MP ) for 26 years .
Arthur Lismer , CC ( 27 June 1885 -- 23 March 1969 ) was an English - Canadian painter and member of the Group of Seven .
Louis Adamic ( Slovene : Alojz Adamič ) ( 23 March 1898 -- 4 September 1951 ) was a Slovene - American author and translator , mostly known for writing about and advocating for ethnic diversity of America .
Reginald Grey , 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn ( c. 1362 -- 30 September 1440 ) , a powerful Welsh marcher lord , succeeded to the title on his father 's death in July 1388 .
Arthur Clarence Pillsbury ( 1870 - -1946 ) was a United States photographer , best known for landscapes of Yosemite National Park , photos of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake , and time lapse photography of flowers .
Alexander Bliss ( 29 December 1827 -- 30 April 1896 ) was assistant quartermaster general of the Union forces and a Colonel in the United States Army during the American Civil War .
Julio César Britos Vázquez ( 18 May 1926 -- 27 March 1998 ) was an Uruguayan footballer , who played for CA Peñarol and Real Madrid .
Pierre Grimod du Fort ( 1692 -- October 1748 ) was a fermier général and art collector under Louis XV , and a member of the famous Grimaud family .
Francesco Fracanzano ( 1612 - -1656 ) was an Italian painter who participated in the Masaniello rebellion .
Ataur Rahman Khan died in Dhaka on 7 December 1991 and is buried beside Parliament .
Haika Grossman ( Hebrew : חייקה גרוסמן‎ , 20 November 1919 -- 26 May 1996 ) was an Israeli politician and member of Knesset .
Carlo Fassi ( 20 December 1929 -- 20 March 1997 ) was an Italian figure skater and international coach whose students included several World and Olympic champions .
Prof Robert Percival Cook FRSE ( 1906 - 1989 ) was an Australian - born biochemist .
Joseph W. Dailey ( 17 February 1917 -- 5 July 2007 ) served as the fifth Sergeant Major of the Marine Corps from 1 August 1969 until he retired from active duty in the Marine Corps on 31 January 1973 .
Sir Harry Ord died on 20 August 1885 from heart attack .
Christian Henrik Arendrup ( March 25 , 1837 -- 1913 ) was Governor - General of The Danish West Indies , from 1881 to 1893 .
Devanand Swami ( 1803 - -1854 ) was an Indian swami .
Milos Konopasek ( died in Boston , Massachusetts , 9 January 2002 ) was a Czechoslovakia - born mechanical engineer best known as the creator of TK !
León Zuckert ( 4 May 1904 , Poltava -- 29 May 1992 , Toronto ) was a Canadian composer , conductor , arranger , violinist , violist and radio pioneer of Ukrainian descent .
Gaspare Bazzani ( 21 April 1701 - -6 May 1780 ) was an Italian painter active in Reggio Emilia as a painter of vedute or landscapes , as well as a scenic designer .
Ștefan Tomșa or Ștefan VIII ( Polish : Stefan VIII Tomża ) ( d. 5 May 1564 in Lwów ) was the ruler of Moldavia in 1563 and 1564 .
Ardeshir Cowasjee ( 13 April 1926 -- 24 November 2012 ) ( Urdu : اردشير کاوﺳﺠﻰ‎ ) was a Pakistani newspaper columnist , social activist , and philanthropist .
Aaron Cleveland ( 29 October 1715 -- 17 August 1757 Philadelphia ) was a clergyman .
Berit Wallenberg ( 1902 - -1995 ) was a Swedish archaeologist , art historian , photographer , and donor .
Mykhajlo Levitsky ( or Mykhailo Levytskyi ( Ukrainian : Михайло Левицький , Polish : Michał Lewicki ) ) ; 17 February , 1774 -- 14 January , 1858 ) was the Metropolitan Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from 1816 until his death in 1858 and a Cardinal of the Catholic Church .
Oswald Pryor ( 15 February 1881 -- 13 June 1971 ) was a South Australian cartoonist noted for his depictions of life in the Copper triangle , particularly of miners from Cornwall .
Zlata Petković ( 11 February 1954 -- 3 December 2012 ) was a Serbian actress , model , television host and singer .
Ananias Dare ( c. 1560 -- June 27 , 1587 , legal death ) was the husband of Eleanor White , whom he married at St Bride 's Church in Fleet Street , City of London .
Robert Parry Nisbet JP DL ( 1793 -- 31 May 1882 ) was a British public man .
Philip Silver ( 1909 - -1999 ) , of New York City , was a philatelist who specialized in the field of air mail stamps , known as aerophilately .
Micheál Ó Mordha ( English : Michael Moore ) ( c.1639 - 1723 ) was an Irish priest , philosopher and educationalist .
Harry Lampe ( 14 September 1874 -- 25 August 1939 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Nguyễn Quyền ( 1869 - -1941 ) was a Vietnamese scholar - gentry anti - colonial revolutionary activist who advocated independence from French colonial rule .
Nicolás Francés , ( died 1468 ) was a Spanish painter and miniaturist .
Margaret Oliphant Wilson Oliphant ( née Margaret Oliphant Wilson ) ( 4 April 1828 -- 25 June 1897 ) , was a Scottish novelist and historical writer , who usually wrote as Mrs. Oliphant .
Adnan Kahveci ( 20 February 1949 in Sürmene , Trabzon Province -- 5 February 1993 in Gerede ) was a noted Turkish politician who served as a key advisor to Prime Minister Turgut Özal throughout the 1980s .
Nigel Heseltine ( 3 July 1916 -- 1995 ) was an English author , of travel books , short stories , plays , and poetry , and worked as an Agronomist for the UN FAO .
Atholl Fleming MBE ( 6 December 1894 -- 6 May 1972 ) was a British actor and an Australian radio personality .
Walter Davies ( 15 July 1761 -- 5 December 1849 ) , commonly known by his bardic name Gwallter Mechain ( `` Walter of Mechain '' ) , was a Welsh poet , editor , translator , antiquary and Anglican clergyman .
Robert Satanowski ( January 20 , 1918 -- August 9 , 1997 ) was a Polish general who later became a major European orchestra and opera conductor .
John Robert Procter , ( 16 March 1844 in Mason County , Kentucky -- 12 December 1903 in Washington , D.C. ) was an American geologist and civil service reformer .
Fabrizio Castello ( 1562 - -1617 ) was an Italian painter of Genoese origin settled in Spain .
Sophia of Bavaria ( Czech : Žofie Bavorská ; German : Sophie von Bayern ; 1376 -- 4 November 1428 ) was a Queen of Bohemia and the spouse of Wenceslaus , King of Bohemia and King of the Romans .
Lars Knutson Liestøl ( 13 June 1839 -- 15 December 1912 ) was the Norwegian Minister of Auditing 1888 - 1889 , as well as head of the Ministry of the Interior in 1888 .
Mary Ann Rundall ( -- 2 October 1839 ) was a British educational writer who developed history books based on memorising facts using symbols .
Abdessadeq Cheqara ( 1931 -- October 31 , 1998 ) ( in Arabic : عبد الصادق شقارة ) was a Moroccan singer of traditional Andalusian classical music and Moroccan folk music .
Trahaearn ap Caradog ( died 1081 ) was a King of Gwynedd .
Judah Uziel ( d. 1634 , Venice , probably ; Jewish Encyclopedia of 1971 says he died ca . 1600 ) was an Italian scholar of the 16th century , born in Spain .
Count Adolf III of Nassau - Wiesbaden - Idstein ( by a different way of counting : Adolf IV ; 10 November 1443 -- 6 July 1511 ) was a son of Count John II of Nassau - Wiesbaden - Idstein and his wife Maria of Nassau - Dillenburg ( 1463 - -1504 ) .
Third Lieutenant Leonidas I. Robinson ( unknown -- June 6 , 1891 ) was the first graduate of the School of Instruction of the Revenue Cutter Service to die in the line of duty .
Sir Edward Maunde Thompson , GCB ( 1840 -- 14 September 1929 ) was a British palaeographer and Principal Librarian and first Director of the British Museum .
Henrik Have ( 14 March 1946 -- 12 September 2014 ) was a Danish author and artist .
François Delange ( 1935 - June 2007 ) was a Belgian physician and researcher who contributed to thyroid research .
Isaac Woodbridge Riley ( born New York City , 20 May 1869 ; died September 1933 ) was a United States historian of philosophy whose studies of Mormonism and Christian Science made him a focus of controversy .
John Buckle Barlee ( 2 June 1831 -- August 1870 ) was an English rower who won the Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta .
Charles Terront ( 9 April 1857 -- 31 October 1932 ) was the first major French cycling star .
Edward Frank Wise ( 3 July 1885 -- 5 November 1933 ) , commonly known as E.F.Wise or Frank Wise was an economist , Civil Servant at the National Insurance Commission , War Office and Ministry of Food and Board of Trade .
Doug Gillespie ( 13 December 1887 -- 6 January 1946 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Robert O'Dwyer ( in Gaelic : Riobárd Ó Duibhir ) ( 27 January 1862 -- 6 January 1949 ) was an Irish composer mainly known for having written one of the first operas in the Irish language .
Alan Archibald Campbell - Swinton FRSE ( 18 October 1863 - 19 February 1930 ) was a Scottish consulting electrical engineer , who provided the theoretical basis for the electronic television , two decades before the technology existed to implement it .
Yang Wenguang ( 楊文廣 ) ( died 1074 ) was a general in ancient China 's Northern Song Dynasty .
Brigadier General Neil Douglas Findlay CB ( 7 May 1859 -- 10 September 1914 ) was a British Army general .
Vic Truman ( 21 December 1899 -- 7 November 1976 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Giovanni Battista Mingardi ( Born Padua , died Venice 1796 ) was an Italian painter , active in a late - Baroque style mainly in Venice and its mainland territories .
Sir Charles Holroyd ( 9 April 1861 -- 17 November 1917 ) was an English artist and curator .
Pandolfo I Malatesta ( c. 1267 -- 6 April 1326 ) , son of Malatesta da Verucchio , was an Italian condottiero and Lord of Rimini from 1317 .
Wilhelm Phillip Daniel Schulz ( 6 March 1805 -- 1 August 1877 ) , also known as Guillermo Schulz , was a German mine engineer and geologist who spent most of his professional life in Spain .
Sir Chittampalam Abraham Gardiner ( 6 January 1899 -- December 1960 ) was a Ceylon Tamil businessman and member of the Senate of Ceylon .
Zia Fariduddin Dagar ( 15 June 1932 -- 8 May 2013 ) was an Indian classical vocalist in the Dhrupad , the oldest existing form of north Indian classical music ( Hindustani classical music ) and part of the Dagar family of musicians .
Taras Kiktyov ( Ukrainian : Тарас Юрійович Кіктьов ; 7 November 1986 -- 16 July 2012 ) was a Ukrainian professional football player .
Hubertus Czernin ( more fully , Hubertus Alexander Felix Franz Maria Czernin von und zu Chudenitz ; 17 January 1956 -- 10 June 2006 ) was an Austrian investigative journalist .
Anne Commire ( 11 August 1939 -- 23 February 2012 ) was an American playwright and editor .
James Howe McClure ( 1851 -- 1909 ) was a Scottish rugby football player and along with his brother George Buchanan McClure , has the distinction of being the first twin to be capped in international rugby .
Gerald James Whitrow ( 9 June 1912 -- 2 June 2000 ) was a British mathematician , cosmologist and science historian .
Mafalda Salvatini ( 17 October 1886 - 13 June 1971 ) was an Italian opera singer who was primarily active in Germany during the first half of the 20th century .
József Jung , ( 1734 , Jihlava , Margraviate of Moravia -- 22 August 1808 , Pest ) was a Hungarian architect .
Francis William Topham ( Leeds 15 April 1808 -- 31 March 1877 Córdoba ) was an English watercolourist and engraver .
Kishore Pawar ( c. 1926 -- 2 January 2013 ) was an Indian trade union leader and politician .
Dominick Labino ( 1910 - -1987 ) was an internationally known scientist , inventor , artist and master craftsman in glass .
Joe Wark ( 9 October 1947 -- 1 October 2015 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who spent his entire professional career with Motherwell , making 464 appearances in the Scottish Football League .
Prahalad Chunnilal Vaidya ( P.C.Vaidya ; 23 May 1918 -- 12 March 2010 ) , was an Indian physicist and mathematician , renowned for his instrumental work in general theory of relativity .
Sir Matthew John Tierney , Bart . , M.D. ( 24 November 1776 -- 28 October 1845 ) was an Irish surgeon who became Physician - in - Ordinary to Kings George IV and William IV of the United Kingdom .
Kurt Eberling , Sr . ( 17 June 1930 -- 6 March 2008 ) was a German - American chef and the inventor of SpaghettiOs .
Sara Anne McLagan ( c. 1856 -- 20 March 1924 ) was the first Canadian woman newspaper editor .
Pandit Raghunath Panigrahi ( 10 August 1932 -- 25 August 2013 ) was an Indian classical singer and music director .
Mikko Ampuja ( 25 October 1882 , Viipurin maalaiskunta - 15 September 1947 ) was a Finnish blacksmith and politician .
Johann Baptist Singenberger ( John Singenberger ) ( 25 May 1848\ -- 29 May 1924 ) was a Swiss composer , music teacher , editor and publisher .
Karma Tensung ( died 1611 ) , in full Karma Tensung Wangpo ( Wylie : Kar ma bstan srung dbang po ) , was a king of Tsang ( West Central Tibet ) who probably reigned from 1599 to 1611 .
Maksym Slavinsky ( also as Slavynsky Ukrainian : Максим Антонович Славинський ; 12 August 1868 in Stavyshche , Kiev Governorate - 23 November 1945 in Kiev ) was a Ukrainian journalist , political and public figure , diplomat and statesman .
Bain Hugh Clapperton ( 18 May 1788 -- 13 April 1827 ) was a Scottish naval officer and explorer of West and Central Africa .
Ashbel Green Simonton ( January 20 , 1833 -- December 9 , 1867 ) was a North - American Presbyterian minister and missionary , the first missionary to settle a Protestant church in Brazil , Igreja Presbiteriana do Brasil ( Presbyterian Church of Brazil )
Sir John Wray , 2nd Baronet ( 27 November 1586 -- 31 December 1655 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1648 .
Shi Chaoyi ( 史朝義 ) ( died 763 ) was the final emperor of the Yan state that was established in rebellion against the Chinese Tang Dynasty .
Felix of Bourges ( died c. 580 ) was a bishop of Bourges who later became recognized as a saint .
Da'ud Abu al - Fadl ( 1161 - -1242 ) was a Karaite Jewish physician who lived in Egypt in the twelfth century CE . He born at Cairo in 1161 and died there about 1242 .
Ephraim Udall ( died 1647 ) was an English Royalist divine .
Sutan Sjahrir ( 5 March 1909 -- 9 April 1966 ) , an avant garde and idealistic Indonesian intellectual , was a revolutionary independence leader .
Harold Bennett ( 17 September 1899 -- 15 September 1981 ) was an English actor best remembered for having played ' Young Mr. Grace ' in the 1970s British sitcom Are You Being Served ? .
Abdullahi Qarshe ( Somali : Cabdullaahi Qarshe , Arabic : عبدالله قارشي‎ ) ( 1924 - -1994 ) was a Somali musician , poet and playwright known as the `` Father of Somali music '' .
SINGER XMAS - B MONO # 3 9 - 63 Don Janse died August 8 , 1999 .
Johannes de Quadris ( Quatris ) ( before 1410 -- 1457 ? ) was an Italian composer of the early Renaissance .
Sanda Min Hla ( Burmese : စန္ဒာမင်းလှ , pronounced : ( sàɴdà mɪ́ɴ l̥a̰ ) ; died c. 1363 ) was the queen consort of three kings of Hanthawaddy Kingdom , and the real palace power behind the throne .
Seitzhan Omarov ( 1907 - 1985 ) was a Kazakh writer , the author of numerous short stories , sketches , fairy tales .
Patrick Musimu ( 12 October 1970 -- 21 July 2011 ) was a Belgian freediver , sport business manager , marketing and event manager , and physiotherapist .
Jørgen Boberg ( 2 October 1940 -- 24 August 2009 ) was a self - taught Surrealist Danish painter and illustrator .
John Plessington ( c. 1637 -- 19 July 1679 ) , also known as John Plesington , William Scarisbrick and William Pleasington , was an English Catholic priest who was executed by the English Crown for violating the ban on the presence of Catholic priests in the kingdom .
Basiliscus ( Latin : Flavius Basiliscus Augustus ; Greek : Βασιλίσκος ) ( d. 476/477 ) was Byzantine Emperor from 475 to 476 .
Sir Alexander Bryce , KCH ( died 1832 ) , was a major - general and colonel - commandant Royal Engineers .
Ghulam Mohammed Abdul Khader ( died 1993 ) was the seventh prince of the House of Arcot .
Thomas Joseph Banks ( 1828 - -1896 ) , sometimes known as `` Thomas John Banks '' , was a British portrait and landscape painter .
István Oláh ( 16 December 1926 -- 15 December 1985 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician , who served as Minister of Defence from 1984 until his death .
Heinz Bosl ( 21 November 1946 -- 12 June 1975 ) was a German ballet dancer .
Josef Dörries ( 7 June 1923 -- 9 July 2007 ) was a highly decorated Unteroffizier in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Stabsfeldwebel in the Bundeswehr .
Ramón S. Sabat ( born 1902 , Cienfuegos - died 1986 , Miami , Florida ) was a musician and the Cuban founder of the pioneering record label Panart , which he established in 1944 , eventually gaining international sale of its releases .
Laurentius Suslyga or Laurence Suslyga ( Polish : Wawrzyniec Suslyga ) ( 1570 - -1640 ) , was a Polish Jesuit historian , chronologist , and an author of Baroque visual poetry .
Mai ( c.1751 - 1780 ) , mistakenly known as Omai in Britain , was a young Ra'iatean man who became the second Pacific Islander to visit Europe , after Ahu - toru who was brought to Paris by Bougainville in 1768 .
Yazdin ( died 627 ) was a Iranian aristocrat , who served as the financial minister of the Sasanian king Khosrau II ( r. 590 - 628 ) .
James Leonard Plimpton ( 1828 , Medfield , Massachusetts - 1911 ) was an American inventor who is known for changing the skating world with his patented roller skates in 1863 .
Dwight Fiske ( 1892 - -1959 ) was an American nightclub entertainer and pianist noted for his saucy stories and risque recordings .
Ferenc Sas ( 16 August 1915 -- 3 September 1988 ) , born as Ferenc Sohn , in Argentina known as Francisco `` Sas '' Sohn , was a Hungarian football player .
Oscar Fay Adams ( 1855 - 1919 ) was a United States editor and author .
James Wright Gordon ( 1809 -- December 1853 ) , usually referred to as J. Wright Gordon , was a Whig politician from the U.S. state of Michigan .
M. Wylie Blanchet , née Muriel Wylie Liffiton ( 2 May 1891 -- 9 September 1961 ) was a Canadian travel writer .
Vicente Quesada ( 1812 - 1877 ) was a Chilean lawyer and lawmaker .
Frederic , Count of Luna ( Spanish : Fadrique ; c. 1401 -- 29 May 1438 ) , was a contender for the crown of Aragon .
Walter Bayley ( 1529 - -1593 ) , was an English physician .
Laurence Chaderton ( c. September 1536 -- 13 November 1640 ) was an English Puritan divine , and one of the translators of the King James Version of the Bible .
Max Bartel ( 1879- 2 July 1914 , Nürnberg ) was a German entomologist Max Bartel was an insect dealer ( Insektenhändler ) in Berlin .
Richard de Bury ( 24 January 1287 -- 14 April 1345 ) , also known as Richard Aungerville or Aungervyle , was an English priest , teacher , bishop , writer , and bibliophile .
Madame Therese ( floruit 1706 - 1729 ) , was the professional name of a famous Dutch brothel keeper .
Hermann Weinsberg , also known as Hermann von Weinsberg ( 1518 - -1597 ) was a city councillor in Cologne and a diarist whose autobiographical writings , long obscure , are now considered to be of historical importance .
Lucy Barfield ( 2 November 1935 -- 3 May 2003 ) was the godchild of C.S. Lewis .
Georgius Pelino ( fl . 1438 - -1463 ) was a Catholic priest , the abbot of Ratac Abbey and diplomat of Skanderbeg and Venetian Republic .
Gary Frisch ( 22 January 1969 -- 10 February 2007 ) was co - founder of the Gaydar website .
Walter Russell Bowie ( October 8 , 1882 -- April 23 , 1969 ) , was a priest , author , editor , educator , hymn writer , and lecturer in the Episcopal Church .
Elijah ben Solomon Abraham ha - Kohen ( died 1729 ) was dayyan of Smyrna , almoner and preacher .
Wolraad Woltemade ( c.1708 -- 1 June 1773 ) was a Cape Dutch dairy farmer , who died while rescuing sailors from the wreck of the ship De Jonge Thomas in Table Bay on 1 June 1773 .
Mathai Manjooran ( 13 October 1912 -- 14 January 1970 ) was an Indian independence activist from Kerala , socialist revolutionary , Member of Parliament , Minister of Labour ( economics ) in the second E.M.S. Namboodiripad communist ministry , and above all a proponent for the formation of the Kerala State .
Gustav Borgen ( born 10 June 1865 , died 16 August 1926 ) was a Norwegian photographer .
Juan Bautista Paz ( 1772 - -1844 ) was an Argentinian jurist and lawyer , a member of the National Congress of 1819 and the General Conference of 1824 , and several times cabinet minister and deputy governor of Tucumán Province during the first half of the nineteenth century .
Desmond Dupré ( 19 December 1916 , London -- 16 August 1974 , Tonbridge , Kent ) was an English lutenist and a prominent figure in the 20th century revival of early music .
Jean - Baptiste Capronnier ( 1 February 1814 -- 31 July 1891 ) was a Belgian stained glass painter .
Jeremias Drexel S.J. ( also known as Hieremias Drexelius or Drechsel ) ( August 15 , 1581 -- 19 April 1638 ) was a Jesuit writer of devotional literature and a professor of the humanities and rhetoric .
Elisha Crymes ( c 1614 - March 1690 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1646 and 1661 .
Joseph P. Overton ( 4 January 1960 -- 30 June 2003 ) was a Senior Vice President of the Mackinac Center for Public Policy .
John Sulyard ( born by 1518 - 1575 ) , of Wetherden , Suffolk , was an English politician .
Francesco Ghittoni ( 1855 - -1928 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre paintings of the life of rural workers , but also portraits , sacred subjects , and , late in life , landscapes .
Isaac Klein ( September 5 , 1905 -- 1979 ) was a prominent rabbi and halakhic authority within Conservative Judaism .
Jane Lewson ( née Vaughan ) ( 1700 - 1816 ) , commonly known as Lady Lewson , was an eccentric centenarian .
William Seth Agar ( 25 December 1815 -- 23 August 1872 ) was an English Catholic canon .
Khedrup Gelek Pelzang , 1st Panchen Lama ( 1385 - -1438 CE ) -- better known as Khedrup Je -- was one of the main disciples of Je Tsongkhapa , whose reforms to the Kadam tradition of Atiśa are considered the beginnings of the Gelug school of Tibetan Buddhism .
Eric Irvin ( 30 November 1908 -- 1 July 1993 ) was an Australian writer and historian of Australian theatre .
Zachary Crofton ( 1626 - -1672 ) was an Anglo - Irish nonconforming minister and controversialist , in England from the 1640s .
Paul Behncke ( 13 August 1869 -- 4 January 1937 ) was a German admiral during the First World War , most notable for his command of the Third Battle Squadron of the German High Seas Fleet during the Battle of Jutland .
Reverend Father Raoul Desribes ( born in 1856 , died in 1940 ) was a French Jesuit archaeologist notable for his work on prehistory in Lebanon , particularly the archaeological site of Minet Dalieh at Ras Beirut .
Shaul Amor ( Hebrew : שאול עמור‎ , 24 December 1940 -- 2 October 2004 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a Minister without Portfolio between January and July 1999 .
Roberto Parga ( 4 February 1937 -- 18 March 2015 ) was an Uruguayan judge who served on the Supreme Court from 2000 to 2007 .
Jimmy Holiday ( 24 July 1934 , Sallis , Mississippi -- 15 February 1987 ) was an American R&B singer and songwriter .
George Tunstal Redmayne , more usually G T Redmayne ( 1840 - 1912 ) , was the youngest of four sons of Giles Redmayne and his wife , Margareta Robey .
Sir Hugh Paterson , 2nd Baronet ( circa 1685 -- 23 March 1777 ) was a Scottish Jacobite .
Pomponio Nenna ( baptized 13 June 1556 -- 25 July 1608 ) was a Neapolitan Italian composer of the Renaissance .
Étienne de La Grange ( died 26 November 1388 ) was a French politician of the group of counselors of kings Charles V and Charles VI designated as the Marmousets by their detractors .
Isabelle de Steiger , née Lace ( 28 February 1836 -- 1 January 1927 ) , was an English painter , theosophist , occultist and writer .
Bernt Wilhelm Westermann ( 1781 in Copenhagen - 1868 ) was a wealthy Danish businessman who collected insects .
Richard Sanders Rogers ( 2 December 1861 - 28 March 1942 ) was a distinguished Australian medical doctor , and world authority on Australasian orchids .
Jakob Erbar ( 8 February 1878 -- 7 January 1935 ) was a German professor of graphic design and a type designer .
Henri de Buade de Frontenac ( 1596 - -1622 ) was a French aristocrat during the age of Louis XIII of France , best known as the father of Louis de Buade de Frontenac , the future Lieutenant General of the colony of New France in North America .
Jules de Clérambault ( ca . 1660 -- August 17 , 1714 ) was a French ecclesiastic and Abbot of Saint - Taurin d’Évreux .
Alexander Jamieson ( 1782 - -1850 ) was a Scottish writer and schoolmaster of the early 19th century , now best known as a rhetorician .
Eddie Thomson ( 25 February 1947 -- 21 February 2003 ) was a Scottish football ( soccer ) player and coach .
Lieutenant General Sir Joseph John Talbot Hobbs KCB , KCMG , VD ( 24 August 1864 -- 21 April 1938 ) was an Australian architect and First World War general .
Ramai Dev ( 1360 - -1385 ) was a king of Patna ( princely state ) who laid the foundation of Chauhan rule in Western Odisha in the 14th century .
Ozias Humphry ( or Humphrey ) ( 8 September 1742 -- 9 March 1810 ) was a leading English painter of portrait miniatures , later oils and pastels , of the 18th century .
Sextus Otto Lindberg ( 29 March 1835 -- 20 February 1889 ) was a Swedish physician and botanist , known as a bryologist .
Gerrit Jan Heijn ( 14 February 1931 , Zaandam -- 9 September 1987 ) was a Dutch businessman , who was a top manager of Ahold until his death in 1987 .
David Samwell ( 15 October 1751 -- 23 November 1798 ) was a Welsh naval surgeon and poet .
Alfred Roller ( 2 October 1864 -- 21 June 1935 ) was an Austrian painter , graphic designer , and set designer .
Arne Kokkvoll ( 1925 -- 19 September 1998 ) was a Norwegian historian , librarian / archivist and politician for the Labour Party .
Elaheh ( Persian : الهه‎‎ ; born on 1934 , died on 15 August 2007 ) was an Iranian singer .
Brigadier Nelson Russell , CB , DSO , MC ( b. 7 July 1897 , Lisburn , Co. Antrim , Northern Ireland - d. 20 October 1971 , Newcastle , County Down , Northern Ireland ) was a British soldier who served in both World Wars .
Robert Wornum died on 29 September 1852 after a short illness .
Sir Christopher Nevile ( ca . 1631 -- 18 November 1692 ) , of Haddington , Aubourn , Lincolnshire , was an English Member of Parliament .
Ford Grey , 1st Earl of Tankerville ( 20 July 1655 -- 24 June 1701 ) , 1st Viscount Glendale , and 3rd Baron Grey of Warke , was an English nobleman and statesman .
Thomas Dover , M.D. ( 1660 - -1742 ) , sometimes referred to as `` Doctor Quicksilver '' , was an English physician .
Georg Karl Maria Seidlitz ( June 19 , 1840 , St. Petersburg -- 1917 , Irschenhausen near Munich ) was a German doctor and entomologist .
Richard Edlin or Edlyn ( 1631 - -1677 ) , was an English astrologer .
Hermann Gunnarsson ( 9 December 1946 -- 4 June 2013 ) commonly referred to by his nickname , Hemmi Gunn , was an Icelandic television and radio personality , performer and former football and handball player at an international level .
Charles Lucy ( 1814 -- 19 May 1873 ) was an English historical painter of the Victorian era .
Vikramaditya Varaguna ( 885 - -925 ) was a king of Ay rulers in South India kerala .
Sir James William Colvile ( 12 January 1810 -- 6 December 1880 ) was a British lawyer , civil servant and then judge in India , and a judge on the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council , the court of last resort for the British colonies .
Paolo Vergani ( 1753 - -1820 ) was an Italian Catholic political economist who wrote on the economy of the Papal States .
James Justinian Morier ( 1780 -- 19 March 1849 ) was a British diplomat and author noted for his novels about Qajar dynasty Iran , most famously for the Hajji Baba series .
Luman Reed ( 1787 - -1836 ) was a successful American merchant and an important patron of the arts .
Gopal Chandra Bhattacharya ( 1 August 1895 -- 8 April 1981 ) was an Indian entomologist and naturalist .
Enoch Wood Perry , Jr. ( 1831 - -1915 ) was a painter from the United States .
Bartholomeus Maton ( 1641 -- after 1684 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter active in Sweden .
Colonel Claude Hugh Toye MBE ( 29 March 1917- 15 April 2012 ) was a British Army intelligence officer who worked in India and Burma during World War II . Working in the Combined Services Directorate of Intelligence , Toye was tasked with interrogation of captured troops of the Japanese army and the Indian National Army .
Simeon Burt Wolbach ( 3 July 1880 -- 19 March 1954 ) was an American pathologist , researcher , teacher , and journal editor who elucidated the infection vectors for Rocky Mountain spotted fever and epidemic typhus .
Leo Picard , also known as Yehudah Leo Picard ( Hebrew : יהודה ליאו פיקרד‎ , 3 June 1900 -- 4 April 1997 ) , was an Israeli geologist and an expert in the field of hydrogeology .
Eda Kersey ( 15 May or 16 May 1904 -- 13 July 1944 ) was a British violinist who was renowned for her brilliant playing .
Kostas Karagiannis ( Greek : Κώστας Καραγιάννης ; 1932 -- 17 February 1993 ) was a Greek film director .
Léa Roback ( 3 November 1903 -- 28 August 2000 ) was a Canadian trade union organizer , social activist , pacifist , and feminist .
Teresa Deevy ( 21 January 1894 -- 19 January 1963 ) was a deaf Irish dramatist , short story writer , and writer for radio .
Joseph Tepper 1886 - 1977 was a Russian , Jewish , American portrait painter and artist .
Jan Grodek or Jan Grodek of Sanok ( - 1554 ) , son of mayor of Sanok , was a nine - time rector of the Academy in Kraków , Poland between 1540 and 1552 .
Sir Leopold Halliday Savile , KCB , MICE ( 31 August 1870 - -1953 ) was a British civil engineer .
Herbert Hannam ( died 1983 ) was a British policeman within the Metropolitan Police Service .
Thomas Gapes ( 1848 -- 16 April 1913 ) was Mayor of Christchurch 1893/94 .
Rolf Kirkvaag ( 20 September 1920 -- 24 January 2003 ) was a Norwegian journalist , and a radio- and TV personality .
Sir Edward Hannes M.D. ( died 1710 ) was an English physician .
Harry Ralph ( 21 May 1919 -- 17 July 2004 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
' Umar ibn Hafs Hazarmard ( Arabic : عمر بن حفص هزارمرد‎ ) ( d. November 27 , 771 ) was a member of the Muhallabid family who served as a provincial governor for the Abbasid Caliphate during the reigns of Abu al-'Abbas ( r. 749 - -754 ) al - Mansur ( r. 754 - -775 ) .
Syed Waheed Akhtar ( Urdu : سید وحید اختر ‎ ) ( 12 August 1934 in Aurangabad ( Deccan ) -- 13 December 1996 ) was an Urdu poet , writer , critic , orator , and a Muslim scholar and philosopher .
Henry O'Brien , 5th Earl of Thomond ( 1588 -- 26 July 1639 ) was an Irish peer , styled Lord Ibrickane until 1624 .
Nikephoros I Komnenos Doukas , Latinized as Nicephorus I Comnenus Ducas ( Greek : Νικηφόρος Α΄ Κομνηνός Δούκας , Nikēphoros I Komnēnos Doukas ) , ( c. 1240 -- c. 1297 ) was ruler of Epirus from 1267/8 to c. 1297 .
John Brinsley the Elder ( fl . 1581 - -1624 ) was an English schoolmaster , known for his educational works .
Omar Shegewi or Sheghewi ( Arabic : عمر الشغيوي‎ ) ( unknown-1928 ) was a Libyan resistance leader who fought against Italian colonization .
Kazimierz Barcikowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( kaˈʑimjɛʂ bart͡ɕiˈkɔfskʲi ) ; 22 March 1927 , Zglechów - 10 July 2007 , Warsaw ) was a Polish politician .
Peter Kruse ( 30 January 1955 -- 1 June 2015 ) was honorary professor of organizational psychology at the University of Bremen and professional consultant for collective intelligence .
Dick Crayne ( April 24 , 1913 -- August , 1985 ) was an American football fullback for the Brooklyn Dodgers .
Jack Garden ( 3 March 1895 -- 1 December 1955 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the VFL .
Karl Woermann ( 4 July 1844 -- 4 February 1933 ) was a German art historian and museum director .
Carl Johan Schönherr ( 10 June 1772 -- 28 March 1848 ) was a Swedish entomologist who revised the taxonomy of beetles , including weevils .
Morton Lowry , born Edward Morton Lowater ( 13 February 1914 -- 26 November 1987 ) was a British actor .
Floyd Johnson ( 7 July 1900 , Des Moines , Idaho -- 1 June 1986 ) , nicknamed `` The Auburn Bulldog '' , was an American heavyweight boxer who was known for his stiff punch .
Cecylia Vetulani ( 11 April 1908 -- 2 January 1980 ) was a Polish art historian and conservator - restorer who did research mostly in the field of Warmia and Masuria folk art . Custodian of the Museum of Warmia and Mazury in Olsztyn ( 1950 - -1956 ) .
Rostislav Mikhailovich ( Hungarian : Rosztyiszláv , Bulgarian , Russian and Ukrainian : Ростислав Михайлович ) ( after 1210 / c. 1225 -- 1262 ) was a Rus ' prince ( a member of the Rurik dynasty ) , and a dignitary in the Kingdom of Hungary .
Dr. Mihály Dömötör ( 1 October 1875 , Bíňovce -- 2 February 1962 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Interior Minister for three months in 1920 .
Oskar Alexander Richard Büttner ( 28 September 1858 - 1927 ) was a German botanist and mineralogist involved in the exploration of the Congo .
Idris Gawr ( English : Idris the Giant ; c. 560 -- 632 ) was a king of Meirionnydd in early medieval Wales .
Bertha Mahony ( 1882 - -1969 ) , also known as Bertha Mahony Miller , is considered a figurehead of the children 's literature movement .
Mabel Murray Hickson , née Mabel Greenhow ( 2 February 1859 , Esher -- 12 November 1922 Esher ) , was an English writer of short stories .
Sir William Keith , 4th Baronet , ( 1669 -- 18 November 1749 ) served as lieutenant - governor of the Colonies of Pennsylvania and Delaware , 1717 - -26 .
Sir Thomas Wolryche , 1st Baronet ( 1598 - -1668 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons for Wenlock between 1621 and 1625 .
Ailsa Garland ( 1917 - -1982 ) was a British fashion journalist .
Sir William Robert Grove , PC , QC , FRS ( 11 July 1811 -- 1 August 1896 ) was a Welsh judge and physical scientist .
Verna Fields ( née Hellman , 21 March 1918 -- 30 November 1982 ) was an American film editor , film and television sound editor , educator , and entertainment industry executive .
Howard Hawks Mitchell ( January 13 , 1885 , Marietta , Ohio -- 1943 ) was an American mathematician who worked on group theory and number theory and who introduced Mitchell 's group .
Samuel Lorenzo Knapp ( born in Newburyport , Massachusetts , 19 January 1783 ; died in Hopkinton , Massachusetts , 8 July 1838 ) was a United States author and lawyer .
Paltiel Daykan ( Hebrew : פלטיאל דייקן ; ( born 12 May 1885 ; died 12 February 1969 ) was an Israeli jurist .
Don L. Johnson ( 1927 - -2006 ) was an outdoor writer from Wisconsin .
William Stryker Gummere ( /ɡʌˈmɛr/ ; 1852 - -1933 ) was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey .
Pagano della Torre ( died July 30 , 1365 ) was Patriarch of Aquileia from 1319 until 1332 .
Maurice Mariaud ( 1875 - -1958 ) was a French silent film director , actor and screenwriter .
George Edward Briggs FRS ( 25 June 1893 -- 7 February 1985 ) was Professor of Botany at the University of Cambridge .
Sola i Karlstad ( the Sun in Karlstad ) was the nickname for Eva Lisa Holtz ( 1 January 1739 i Karlstad -- 24 September 1818 ) , a Swedish waitress and innkeeper who became the symbol for the Swedish city of Karlstad .
Anthonie de Lorme , also Anthonius de Lorme , Anthonie Delorme , Anthonius Delorme , Anthonie de l'Orme , Anthonie del Orme , Anthonius de l'Orme , Anthonius del Orme , ( 1610 - -1673 ) was a Dutch painter .
Amasa Wright ( 1787 - -1861 ) originally owned the land under the Chicago loop .
Ding Yuan ( died 189 ) , courtesy name Jianyang , was a regional governor and minor warlord during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Maharaja Sir Rajendra Narayan Singh Deo KCIE ( 31 March 1912 -- 23 February 1975 ) was an Indian politician and the last ruler of the princely state of Patna in Odisha before Indian independence in 1947 .
Stan Laurel ( born Arthur Stanley Jefferson ; 16 June 1890 -- 23 February 1965 ) was an English comic actor , writer and film director , most famous for his role in the comedy duo Laurel and Hardy .
General Sir Henry Errington Longden KCB , CIE ( January 1819 -- 29 January 1890 ) was a British Army officer who served as Adjutant - General in India .
Ivan Owen ( 19 August 1927 -- 17 October 2000 ) was a British voice actor , who created the vocal persona of the puppet Basil Brush .
General Michel Laurent Marie Joseph Lafont ( 1874 - -1961 ) was the third Chief Scout of Scouts de France from 1936 to 1948 , the first and only Chief Scout of Scoutisme Français from 1940 to 1948 , and member of the International Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement ( WOSM ) .
John Maxim ( 20 July 1925 -- 20 January 1990 ) , sometimes credited as John Wills , was an English film and television actor .
Sir John Davie , 1st Baronet ( 1588 - -1654 ) of Creedy in the parish of Sandford , near Crediton , Devon , was a member of the Devonshire gentry and served as Member of Parliament for Tiverton in 1621 - 2 and as Sheriff of Devon ( 1629 - 1630 ) .
Very Rev. Lord Charles Murray - Aynsley ( 21 October 1771 -- 5 May 1808 ) was an English dean .
Pino Daniele ( 19 March 1955 -- 4 January 2015 ) was an Italian singer - songwriter , and guitarist , whose influences covered a wide number of genres , including pop , blues , jazz , and Italian and Middle Eastern music .
( Mary Sophia ) Charlotte Howe , Viscountess Howe ( 23 September 1703 -- 13 June 1782 ) was a British courtier and politician .
Samuel Maunder ( 1785 - 1849 ) was an English writer and composer of many works .
Josef Monsrud ( 29 May 1922 , Lunner , Oppland -- 12 December 2009 ) was a Norwegian forester and resistance member during World War II . He hailed from Harestua in Lunner .
Bernard Connor or O'Connor M.D. ( c.1666 - -1698 ) was an Irish physician and historian .
Shen Zigao ( Chinese : 沈子高 ; Wade -- Giles : Shen Tzu - kao ; 1895 - -1982 ) , DD , was an Anglican bishop in China .
John Neilson Lake ( 19 August 1834 , Ernestown , Ontario , Canada -- 12 February 1925 ) was originally a preacher for the Methodist Church in Canada and eventually selected the site that became the city of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Mohammad Abdul Ahed ( 1919 -- November 2001 ) was an architect and painter from Pakistan .
Ali Nurullah Hasan ( 1867 or 1870 in Bıyıklı village near Şumnu , Danube Vilayet - 1912 in İstanbul ) was a Turkish wrestler .
Dirk Hannema ( 16 September 1895 - 7 July 1984 ) was a controversial museum director and art collector .
Prof . Dr. Carlos Trincão ( 30 May 1903 -- 1968 ) was a Portuguese philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1953 .
Sir Richard Reynell , 2nd Baronet ( 1673 - -1723 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician and landowner who sat in the Irish House of Commons as member for Wicklow .
Dervish Bejah Baloch ( c. 1862 -- 1957 ) , also known as Bejah Dervish , was an Australian camel driver who had a significant role in the exploration and development of inland Australia .
Jef Dutilleux ( 1876 - 1960 ) was a Belgian painter , mainly active in the first half of the 20th century .
Hans Strøm ( 25 January 1726 -- 1 February 1797 ) was a prominent Norwegian zoologist and naturalist .
Gaetano Mormile ( Naples , 1839 - 1890 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre subjects , often peasants in folkloric dress , but also vedute and Neo - Pompeian subjects .
Anatoli Ivanovich Bogdanov ( Russian : Анатолий Иванович Богданов ; 1 January 1931 -- 30 September 2001 ) was a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion .
Lianella Carell ( 6 May 1927 -- 22 December 2000 ) was an Italian film actress and screenwriter .
Diouldé Laya ( aka Juulde Layya ; 1937 - 27 July 2014 ) was a noted Nigerien sociologist and from 1977 to 1997 was director of the Centre d'Etudes Linguistiques et Historiques par Tradition Orale ( CELHTO ) in Niamey .
Nassib Lahoud ( 23 November 1944 -- 1 February 2012 ) was a Lebanese - Christian political figure .
Guy Krohg ( 27 July 1917 -- 19 October 2002 ) was a Norwegian painter , illustrator and scenographer .
John Yasutaro Naide D.D. ( December 22 , 1866 -- 1945 ) was an Anglican Bishop of the Diocese of Osaka , in the Nippon Sei Ko Kai , the Province of the Anglican Communion in Japan .
Dmytro Dedko ( Demetrius Dedko , Ukrainian : Дмитро Дедько ) was a Lord of Ruthenia in 1340 ( 1323 ) -- 1349 .
Fritz Wächtler ( 7 January 1891 - 19 April 1945 ) was a Nazi German politician and Gauleiter of the eastern Bavarian administrative region of Gau Bayreuth .
Michael Rowntree ( 16 February 1919 -- 23 September 2007 ) was a British journalist and social campaigner .
Ralph de Cromwell , 3rd Baron Cromwell ( c. 1393 -- 4 January 1456 ) was an English politician and diplomat .
Jean de Montereul ( c. 1614 , Paris -- 27 April 1651 , Paris ) was a French ecclesiastic and diplomat .
Cliff Twemlow ( 14 October 1937 -- 5 May 1993 ) was an English actor , nightclub bouncer , horror paperback author and library music composer .
Brinsley Butler , 2nd Earl of Lanesborough , PC ( Ire ) ( 4 March 1728 -- 24 January 1779 ) , styled The Honourable until 1756 and Lord Newtown - Butler from 1756 to 1768 , was an Irish politician and peer .
Raymond McGrath ( 7 March 1903 -- 23 December 1977 ) was an Australian - born architect and interior designer who for the greater part of his career was Principal Architect for the Office of Public Works in Ireland .
Gourgen `` Guros '' Paronyan ( Armenian : Գուրգեն Գևորգի `` Գուրոս '' Պարոնյան-Հովսեփյան ; 1905 - -1981 ) is an Armenian painter , Honoured Artist of the Armenian SSR , Member of Armenian Artists ' Union
Maria Vicol ( née Taitiș , 17 October 1935 -- 13 March 2015 ) was a Romanian foil fencer , Olympic bronze medalist in 1960 and an Olympic team bronze medalist in 1968 .
Ramón Tamayo ( 1921 - -2008 ) was a Spanish producer , businessman and impresario .
Francis Herring M.D. ( died 1628 ) was an English physician , known as a medical and religious writer .
Henry Bamford Parkes ( 13 November 1904 -- 7 January 1972 ) was an author and professor of history at New York University .
Anna Smitshuizen ( February 1751 , Alkmaar -- 29 June 1775 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch prostitute and the victim of a cause célèbre murder .
Lester Gaba ( 1907 -- 12 August 1987 ) was an American sculptor , writer and retail display designer .
Biyu of Baekje ( died 455 , r. 427 - -455 ) was the twentieth king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Benjamin Minge Duggar ( 1872 - -1956 ) was an American plant physiologist .
Asin of Baekje ( died 405 ) ( r. 392 - -405 ) was the seventeenth king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Vice Admiral Sir Horatio Thomas Austin ( 1801 -- 16 November 1865 ) was a British officer in the Royal Navy , and an explorer .
Lieutenant General Habibullah Khan Khattak also known as Muhammad Habibullah Khan ( October 17 , 1913 -- 1994 ) was a Pakistani Army officer born in Karak , Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa , Pakistan .
Frederick Tisdall ( 1893 - -1949 ) was one of three Canadian pediatricians who developed the infant cereal Pablum .
Clare Boylan ( 21 April 1948 -- 16 May 2006 ) was an Irish author , journalist and critic for newspapers , magazines and many international broadcast media .
On 14 November 1942 Konstantin Zaslonov died a hero 's death in a battle with a German death squad near Kupovat , Senno Raion , Vitebsk Oblast , Belorussian SSR .
Kim Ho Jik ( 16 April 1905 -- 31 August 1959 ) was the first Korean convert to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) and was a key figure in opening South Korea to missionary work of the LDS Church .
Inés Rodríguez Girón ( died in 1265 ) was infanta of the Kingdom of Castile as the second wife of Infante Philip of Castile .
Jan Christiaan Lindeman ( 26 June 1921 -- 18 July 2007 ) was a Dutch botanist specialized in the Flora of Suriname .
Deli Emir Ahmed Agha ( Turkish : Deli Emir Ahmed Ağa , `` Emir Ahmed Agha the Mad '' ; died November 1753 ) , later known as Seyyid Emir Ahmed Pasha , was an Ottoman statesman and military leader .
Catherine Arnauld ( 1590 - -1651 ) was a French religious figure of the 17th century , belonging to the Arnauld family of Jansenists .
James Rees ( 1802 , Norristown , Pennsylvania -- 1885 ) was an American author , playwright , and editor .
Richard Óg de Burgh , 2nd Earl of Ulster and 3rd Baron of Connaught ( 1259 -- 29 July 1326 ) , called The Red Earl and often named as Richard de Burgo , was one of the most powerful Irish nobles of the late 13th and early 14th centuries .
David Sherman Boardman ( 8 December 1768 -- 2 December 1864 ) was an American lawyer , judge , and state assemblyman in the early United States .
King Sagato Alofi was the Tu'i Agaifo 1997 - 2002 .
Sir George Lauder of the Bass , Knight ( died 27 June 1611 , on the Bass Rock ) , was a cleric , Privy Counsellor , and Member of the Scottish Parliament .
Meade McClanahan ( 1894?--1959 ) was an industrial engineer and businessman who was elected to the Los Angeles City Council in 1945 but was ousted by voters in 1946 based upon his support for controversial preacher and political organizer Gerald L.K. Smith .
James Catanach ( 28 November 1921 -- 29 March 1944 ) , known as `` Jim '' or Jimmy , was an Australian Handley Page Hampden bomber pilot who was taken prisoner during the Second World War .
Sir Francis Lycett ( 1803 - 29 October 1880 ) was a British businessman and philanthropist , and a prominent member of the Methodist Church .
Olaf Krohn ( 4 June 1863 -- 18 June 1933 ) was a Norwegian satirical illustrator , educated as painter .
Oliver Cope ( 1902 - 30 April 1994 ) , was an American surgeon known for his work in parathyroid surgery , burns treatment and breast cancer treatment .
The Reverend John Smithies ( 1802 - -1872 ) was a Wesleyan Methodist missionary who served in Newfoundland , the Swan River Colony of Western Australia , and Tasmania .
Henrik Kalocsai ( pronounced : xenrik kalochaee ) 28 November 1940 -- 22 May 2012 ) was a Hungarian athlete who specialized in the triple jump and long jump .
Albert T. Morgan ( died 15 April 1922 ) was a Civil War soldier and Reconstruction - era Radical Republican senator of the Mississippi legislature .
Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar ( 1849 - -1926 ) was an Indian vocalist of Khayal - genre of Hindustani classical music .
Hugo Rasmussen ( 22 March 1941 -- 30 August 2015 ) was a Danish bassist .
Vice Admiral Arthur Kemmis Betty DSO ( 1877 -- 1961 ) was a senior Royal Navy officer .
Adolf Pansch ( 2 March 1841 , Eutin -- 14 August 1887 ) was a German anatomist and naturalist .
Henry Ibbotson ( 1816 ? -- 12 February 1886 in York ) , was an English botanist .
James Robin ( pronounced ROE - bin ) ( 14 November 1817 -- 23 July 1894 ) was a prominent businessman in the early days of South Australia .
William Vorilong , also known as Guillermus Vorrilong , Willem of Verolon , William of Vaurouillon , Guilelmus de Valle Rouillonis , etc . ( ca . 1390 - 1463 ) was a French philosopher and theologian .
Peter Sterry ( 1613 - -1672 ) was an English independent theologian , associated with the Cambridge Platonists prominent during the English Civil War era .
Tahawar Ali ( died 1854 ) was a noble man in the court of Bhonsle Dynasty at Nagpur .
Jasper Heywood ( 1535 -- 9 January 1598 ) was an English Jesuit priest .
Frances Williams ( 1904 -- 1978 ) was a composer and conductor , particularly known for her choral works .
Granville Leveson - Gower , 1st Marquess of Stafford PC ( 4 August 1721 -- 26 October 1803 ) , known as Viscount Trentham from 1746 to 1754 and as The Earl Gower from 1754 to 1786 , was a British politician from the Leveson - Gower family .
John Bruce Norton ( 8 July 1815 -- 13 July 1883 ) was a British lawyer and educationist who served as the Advocate - General of Madras Presidency .
James Brougham ( 16 January 1780 -- 22 December 1833 ) was a British Whig politician .
Frederic James ( 1915 - -1985 ) was an American painter who specialized in watercolors .
Walter of Saint Omer ( French : Gautier de Saint - Omer ; d 1174 ) , also known as Walter of Fauquembergues or Walter of Tiberias , was the son of William II of Saint Omer and Melisinde of Picquigny , and Prince of Galilee and Tiberias .
Richmond William Hullett ( 15 November 1843 - 1914 ) was an English 19th century headmaster , explorer and plant collector .
Sir Edward Dering , 1st Baronet ( 1598 - -1644 ) was an English antiquary and politician .
Robert Catesby ( b. in or after 1572 -- 8 November 1605 ) was the leader of a group of provincial English Catholics who planned the failed Gunpowder Plot of 1605 .
Karl Johannes Eskelund ( 1918 - 1972 ) was a Danish journalist and best - selling author who wrote primarily in English .
Sir Edward Cust , 1st Baronet , KCH ( 17 March 1794 -- 14 January 1878 ) was a British soldier , politician and courtier .
Nicholas Trott ( 19 January 1663 -- 21 January 1740 ) was an 18th - century British judge , legal scholar and writer .
Maria Ersdotter ( 1685 -- 19 July 1721 ) was a Swedish woman executed for incest after having a child with her former stepson .
Matthias Hafenreffer ( 24 June 1561 -- 22 October 1619 ) was a German orthodox Lutheran theologian in the Lutheran scholastic tradition .
Remo Germani , stage name of Remo Speroni ( 31 May 1938 -- 18 October 2010 ) was an Italian singer and occasional actor , mainly successful in the 1960s .
Florence Gill ( born 27 July 1877 - 19 February 1965 ) was an English voice actress .
Joseph Finger ( 1887 - -1953 ) was an Austrian - born architect most active in Texas in the 1930s and 1940s , responsible for a number of Houston Art Deco landmarks .
Admiral Farajollah Rasai ( Persian : فرج‌الله رسائی‎‎ , 1910 - 2002 ) was the Commander of the Imperial Iranian Navy from 1961 to 1972 and the most Senior Naval Commander of the Iranian Navy .
Lawrence V. Redman ( September 1 , 1880 - -November 26 , 1946 ) , was a Canadian chemist and businessman who spent much of his adult life in the United States .
Martin O'Reilly ( 1829 - -1904 ) was a blind Irish piper .
Captain Sue S. Dauser died on 11 March 1972 .
Francis Russell , 2nd Earl of Bedford , KG ( c. 1527 -- 28 July 1585 ) was an English nobleman , soldier and politician and godfather to Francis Drake .
Kjeld Petersen ( 1 July 1920 -- 24 May 1962 ) was a Danish film and stage actor .
Sir Derek Wanless ( 29 September 1947 -- 22 May 2012 ) was a former English banker and a former adviser to the Labour Party .
Johann Moriaen ( born Nuremberg c.1591 - 1668 ) was a German alchemist and early chemist , known as an associate of Samuel Hartlib .
Peter Edmund Jones M.D. ( 30 October 1843 - 29 June 1909 ) was a Mississauga Ojibwa chief of New Credit .
John de Hotham ( or Hodum ; died 1361 ) was an English medieval college head and university chancellor .
Benjamin Griggs ( 1690 -- 1768 ) was one of the earliest European settlers of the area that would later be known as Griggstown in Franklin Township , Somerset County , New Jersey , United States .
Robert Sharples ( 2 July 1913 -- 8 September 1987 ) was a British musical conductor , composer and bandleader , whose work encompassed films and well - known British television programmes in the 1960s and 1970s .
Captain Laurent Touyeras ( 10 November 1910 in Sainte - Sigolène , Haute - Loire -- 14 August 1980 in Tarbes , Hautes - Pyrénées ) was a French artillery captain in the Maginot Line during the Second World War .
Francis Rombouts ( 22 June 1631 -- 1691 ) was the 12th Mayor of New York City , ( formerly New Amsterdam ) , from 1679 to 1680 .
Ezzatollah Sahabi ( 9 May 1930 -- 31 May 2011 ) was an Iranian scholar , humanitarian , democracy activist , politician and former parliament member .
Xu Yixin ( Chinese : 徐以新 ) ( November 14 , 1911 -- December 30 , 1994 ) was an associate of the 28 Bolsheviks .
Richard Thomas Baker ( 1 December 1854 -- 14 July 1941 ) was an Australian economic botanist , museum curator and educator .
Johan Frans Podolyn or Johann Franz Podolyn ( Lisbon 29 May 1739 - Gothenburg 29 May 1784 ) was a Swedish numismatist who published on Punic currency in his possession which had been found on the island of Corvo in the Azores .
Maldras ( or Masdras ) ( died February 460 ) was the Suevic King of Galicia from 456 until his death .
Joe Beeston ( 23 February 1947 -- 25 February 2008 ) was the CEO of Highland Spring .
Andrew of Rhodes ( Andrew of Colossus ; died 1440 ) was a Greek Dominican theologian .
Agostino Dati , also known as Augustinus Datus or Dathus ( 1420 -- 6 April 1478 ) was a fifteenth - century orator , historian and philosopher best known for his grammatical textbook Elegantiolae .
Zong Bing ( Chinese : 宗炳 ; Wade -- Giles : Tsung Ping , 375 - 444 , style name Shaowen 少文 ) was a Chinese artist and musician who wrote the earliest text on landscape painting .
Kiya Afrasiyab ( Persian : کیا افراسیاب‎ ) , was the founder of the Afrasiyab dynasty , ruling from 1349 to 1359 .
Humbert Pugliese ( 1884 - -1955 ) was an Australian film exhibitor and producer .
Lyubov Zakharchenko ( Russian : Захарченко , Любовь Ивановна ) , ( 4 April 1961 , Rostov - on - Don - 21 January 2008 , Moscow ) was a Russian poet and singer - songwriter .
Giulio Segni da Modena , also Julio Segni ( Modena , 1498- Rome , 1561 ) was an Italian composer known for his ricercars in Musica Nova ( Venice 1540 ) .
Ludovico Buti ( c. 1560 - after 1611 ) was an Italian painter , active mostly in Florence .
Joe Lovett ( 18 October 1902 -- 26 May 1949 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Robert Erwin Johnson ( 3 February 1923 -- 28 January 2008 ) was a University of Alabama professor of history and considered `` one of the finest scholars of the nineteenth century U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard '' .
James Dillon , 1st Earl of Roscommon ( died March 1642 ) was an Irish peer .
María Francisca Ana de Castro , called La bella toledana ( ca.1686 -- December 23 , 1736 ) was a Spanish immigrant to Peru , renowned for her beauty and hauteur .
Julie Alexander ( 9 May 1938 - -31 January 2003 ) ( born as Julia Yvonne Alexander ) was a British model and actress of the late 1950s and early 1960s known for playing glamorous roles including Rosalie Dawn in The Pure Hell of St Trinian 's .
George Linley ( 1798 - 10 September 1865 ) , was an English verse - writer and musical composer .
Arthur Robbins ( 4 February 1920 -- 8 November 2010 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Holbrook Gaskell II ( 7 December 1846 -- 2 July 1919 ) was a chemical industrialist in Widnes , Lancashire , England .
Carlo Capra ( 21 September 1889 , Strambino -- 19 August 1966 ) was an Italian professional football player .
Vlatko Vuković Kosača ( died 1392 ) was a 14th - century Bosnian nobleman , duke of duchy of Hum , Grand Duke of Bosnia ( Bosnian : Veliki Vojvoda Bosanski ) and one of the best military commanders of King Tvrtko I of Bosnia .
Tito Agujari ( 25 April 1834 - 2 November 1908 ) was a well - known Italian portraitist and history painter .
Norman Carling ( 1902 - -1971 ) was an English designer / modeller in ceramics , who created a large number of Art Deco models and joined Maling pottery in 1935 from the firm of A.J. Wilkinson , a company which also employed Clarice Cliff .
Camillo Róndani ( 21 November 1808 -- 17 September 1879 ) was an Italian entomologist noted for his studies of Diptera .
Jacob Freud ( 1815 - 1896 ) was the father of Sigmund Freud , the founder of psychoanalysis .
Robinson McIlvaine ( 17 July 1913 -- 24 June 2001 ) was a career US diplomat who was President of the African Wildlife Foundation from 1978 to 1982 .
Janullah Hashimzada ( 1969 - 24 August 2009 ) ( جان الله هاشم زاده ) was an Afghan journalist and bureau chief in Peshawar , Pakistan for the Afghanistan Shamshad TV channel .
Richard Radcliffe ( died 9 October 1660 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1656 .
Naomi Weisstein ( 1939 -- March 2015 ) was an American professor of psychology , neuroscientist , and author .
Peter Williams , Jr. ( 1786 - -1840 ) was an African - American Episcopal priest , the second ordained in the United States , and an abolitionist in New York City .
Arnold Möller ( 4 May 1581 -- 14 October 1655 ) , was a German calligrapher .
Jim Kane ( February 2 , 1937 -- January 28 , 2003 ) was a Nebraska high school football , basketball , track and cross country coach , and was named the state 's `` Coach of the Year '' in 1983 , and was posthumously named to the state 's High School Hall of Fame .
Luigi Diligenza ( 10 February 1921 -- 25 May 2011 ) was an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church .
Agnes Maule Machar ( 23 January 1837 -- 24 January 1927 ) was a Canadian author and social reformer .
William Saville - Kent ( 10 July 1845 , Sidmouth , Devon -- 11 October 1908 , Bournemouth , Dorset ) was an English marine biologist .
Penelope Ann Rachel , Lady Reed ( 4 August 1914 -- 22 January 1982 ) , known as Penelope Dudley - Ward , was an English actress .
Henry of Bracton , also Henry de Bracton , also Henrici Bracton , or Henry Bratton also Henry Bretton ( c. 1210 -- c. 1268 ) was an English cleric and jurist .
Ralph Bernal ( 2 October 1783 or 2 October 1784 - 26 August 1854 ) was a British Whig politician and art collector .
Major General Rowland Laugharne ( c.1607 - -1675 ) was a soldier in the English Civil War .
Lieutenant - Colonel Sir Matthew Nathan GCMG , PC ( 3 January 1862 -- 18 April 1939 ) was a British soldier and colonial administrator , who variously served as the Governor of Sierra Leone , Gold Coast , Hong Kong , Natal and Queensland .
Ernő Bosnyák , ( Zombor , Austria - Hungary 2 January 1876 -- Sombor , Yugoslavia 9 August 1963 ) was a Hungarian cameraman , film director and printer .
Tarquinio Merula ( 24 November 1595 -- 10 December 1665 ) was an Italian composer , organist , and violinist of the early Baroque era .
Jasper Fish ( buried 28 July 1791 at Sevenoaks , Kent ) was a noted professional cricketer in the 18th century who was chiefly associated with Kent in the 1760s and 1770s .
Frances Claudia Wright , OBE ( 5 March 1919 -- 2 April 2010 ) was a prominent Sierra Leonean lawyer during the 20th century .
Matteo Piccione ( 1615 - 1671 ) was an Italian painter , active in Rome , as a painter of religious subjects .
Angelo Luzzani ( 1896 -- 1960 ) was an Italian lawyer and football player .
Saunders Mac Lane ( 4 August 1909 -- 14 April 2005 ) was an American mathematician who co - founded category theory with Samuel Eilenberg .
Frank Lake ( 6 June 1914 -- 10 May,1982 ) was one of the pioneers of pastoral counselling in the United Kingdom .
Prince Trung Vũ Trần Thủ Độ ( 1194 -- 1264 ) was a general and leader of the Trần clan during the reign of Lý Huệ Tông and Lý Chiêu Hoàng in the kingdom of Đại Việt ( now Viet Nam ) .
Michał Florian Rzewuski ( died 1687 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian nobleman and politician , Treasurer of the Crown Court .
Teofil Cyprian Wolicki ( 1768 - -1829 ) was an 18th - century Primate of Poland and Bishop of Poznań and Włocławek .
Don Keyter ( 13 September 1931 -- 11 November 1986 ) was Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Barbara Noble ( 1907 - -2001 ) was an English publisher and novelist .
Sakura Sōgorō or better known as Sōgo - sama ( 1605 -- September 1653 ) , was a legendary Japanese farmer whose real family name was Kiuchi .
Robert Klippel AO ( 19 June 1920 -- 19 June 2001 ) was an Australian constructivist sculptor and teacher .
Radu G. Vlădescu ( 1886 -- 1964 ) , a Romanian professor born in Buzău , taught at the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine of the University of Agronomical Sciences and Veterinary Medicine , Bucharest .
Manuel António Lino ( 4 January 1865 , in Angra do Heroísmo -- 15 June 1927 , in Angra do Heroísmo ) was a medic , politician , poet and dramatist , who became Civil Governor of the District of Horta .
Kilian Hennessy ( 19 February 1907 -- 1 October 2010 ) was a French business magnate , of Irish origin , and patriarch of the Hennessy cognac company .
Thomas Gerard , 1st Baron Gerard ( c. 1564 -- 15 January 1618 ) was a Staffordshire and Lancashire landowner and politician , a member of six English parliaments for three different constituencies .
Harry De Gray ( 1866 - -1952 ) was the Chairman of the Shanghai Municipal Council for 2 years from 1911 to 1913 .
Harold James Merilees ( January 5 , 1908 -- September 19 , 1972 ) was an advertising executive and political figure in British Columbia .
Erik Brate ( 13 June 1857 -- 11 April 1924 ) was a Swedish linguist and runologist .
Conrad IV , Count of Rietberg ( c. 1371 -- 21 June 1428 ) was Count of Rietberg from 1389 until his death .
Major William Oliver Smedley MC ( 1911 - -1989 ) was a British businessman involved in classical liberal politics and pirate radio .
Sir Matthew Boynton , 1st Baronet ( c. 1591 -- 12 March 1647 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in two parliaments between 1621 and 1647 .
Francis Charles Massingberd ( 3 December 1800 -- 5 December 1872 ) was an English churchman and writer , chancellor of the diocese of Lincoln , England .
Li Mian ( Chinese : 李勉 ; 717 -- September 14 , 788 ) , courtesy name Xuanqing ( 玄卿 ) , formally Duke Zhenjian of Qian ( 汧貞簡公 ) , was an official and general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong .
Gunnar Nilsen ( 31 March 1913 -- 3 October 1984 ) was a Norwegian business person .
James Franklin Perry ( 1790 - -1853 ) was an early settler and prominent citizen of Texas .
Nutan Samarth Bahl ( 4 June 1936 -- 21 February 1991 ) , better known as Nutan , was an Indian actress .
Fred Cherry ( 15 April 1926 -- 30 July 2003 ) was an American activist for greater rights for johns ( clients of prostitutes ) .
Joseph Windham ( 1739 - -1810 ) was an English antiquarian .
Shah Quli Khan Zangana ( Persian : شاه قلی خان زنگنه‎‎ , died 1716 ) , was a Kurdish nobleman , who served as the vizier of the Safavid king ( shah ) Sultan Husayn ( r. 1694 - -1722 ) from 1707 to 1716 .
Augustus L. Hart ( October 15 , 1849 -- 1901 ) was the 13th Attorney General of California .
Norm MacLeod ( 8 October 1904 - 7 October 1951 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the late 1920s and early 1930s .
Thom Gunn ( 29 August 1929 -- 25 April 2004 ) , born Thomson William Gunn , was an Anglo - American poet who was praised for his early verses in England , where he was associated with The Movement and his later poetry in America , even after moving toward a looser , free - verse style .
Jean - Frédéric Edelmann ( Johann Friedrich Edelmann , 5 May 1749 -- 17 July 1794 ) was a French classical composer .
John Ayrton Paris , FRS ( 1785 -- 24 December 1856 ) was a British physician .
Charles Henry Chapman ( 1879 - -1972 ) , who signed his work as C. H. Chapman , was a British illustrator and cartoonist best known for his work in boys ' story papers such as The Magnet where the character Billy Bunter appeared .
Odofredus ( died 3 December 1265 ) was an Italian jurist .
Gennadi Tumat ( 1964 - -1996 ) was a renowned Tuvinian master of throat singing .
According to the chronology developed by Moskov , Vinekh would have reigned 754 - -762 .
Ana Galvis Hotz ( 22 June 1855 -- 2 November 1934 ) was the first Colombian woman to have obtained a medical degree as a Doctor of Medicine .
Donal MacCarthy Reagh ( Irish : Domhnall Mac Carthaigh Riabhach ) ( 1450/1460 - -1531 ) was the 9th Prince of Carbery from 1505 to his death in 1531 .
Johann Peter Julius Hoffory ( 9 February 1855 Aarhus - 12 April 1897 Westend ) was a Danish - German philologist , phonetician , and Germanic scholar .
Aneesur Rahman ( 24 August 1927 -- 6 June 1987 ) pioneered the application of computational methods to physical systems .
Artur Kukk ( 22 June 1899 -- 19 April 1958 ) was an Estonian wrestler .
Frederic Thomas Somerby or F.T. Somerby ( 1814 - -1871 ) was a painter and `` sporting writer '' in Boston , Massachusetts , in the mid-19th century .
Sarvepalli Gopal ( 23 April 1923 -- 20 April 2002 ) was a well - known Indian historian .
John Derek Jarrett ( 18 March 1928 -- 28 March 2004 ) was an English schoolteacher , historian , and writer .
Dermot Curtis ( 26 August 1932 -- 1 November 2008 ) was an Irish international footballer .
Yujiulü Anagui ( Chinese : 郁久閭阿那瓌 ; pinyin : Yùjiǔlǘ Ānàgūi ) ( ? -552 ) khan of the Rouran ( 520 - 552 ) with the title of Chiliantoubingdoufa Khan ( 敕連頭兵豆伐可汗 ) .
His Illustrious Highness Prince Nicholas Tchkotoua ( 1909 - 1984 ) was a Georgian writer and a prominent member of the Order of Malta .
Paul - Eugène Roy ( 8 November 1859 -- 20 February 1926 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest , and Archbishop of Quebec .
Robert Pursglove ( alias `` Sylvester '' ; 1504 - -1579 ) was an English sixteenth - century bishop .
Louis Bossuet ( 22 February 1663 -- 15 January 1742 ) was a French parlementaire .
Atiqul Haque Chowdhury ( Bengali : আতিকুল হক চৌধুরী‎ ; 15 December 1930 -- 17 June 2013 ) was a prominent media personality in Bangladesh .
Johnny Broome ( Born : 14 March 1818 ; Birmingham , England - 31 May 1855 ; England ) was a lightweight bare - knuckle boxer .
Sir Thomas Strickland , 2nd Baronet ( ca . 1639 -- 20 November 1684 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 .
Fr . Peter Daly , Irish priest , c.1788 - -1868 .
Gerald Claude Eugene Foster ( 30 November 1885 -- 25 February 1966 ) , best known as G. C. Foster , was a Jamaican sportsman who excelled at sprinting , cricket , and tennis , and later became a well - known athletics coach and cricket umpire .
Ricardo Zamora Martínez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( riˈkarðo θaˈmoɾa marˈtineθ ) ; 21 January 1901 -- 8 September 1978 ) was a Spanish footballer and manager .
Nellie Kershaw ( c. 1891 -- 14 March 1924 ) was an English textile worker from Rochdale , Greater Manchester .
Christos Michas ( Greek : Χρήστος Μίχας ; died 25 August 2010 ) was a Greek football referee who became the first Greek to officiate a European Cup final , the 1973 European Cup Winners ' Cup Final .
Cellachán mac Buadacháin ( died 954 ) , called Cellachán Caisil , was King of Munster .
Pat Twomey ( 2 April 1929 -- 22 November 1969 ) was an Australian rules footballer , who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Constantine Alexander Ionides ( 14 May 1833 in Manchester -- 29 June 1900 in Brighton , Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Αλέξανδρος Ιωνίδης ) was a British art patron and collector , of Greek ancestry .
Zhang Liao ( 169 - -222 ) , courtesy name Wenyuan , was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
Leslie Evershed - Martin , OBE ( 1903 - -1991 ) was a British theatre impresario , city councillor and optician .
Ludwig Straniak ( 1879 - 1951 ) , was a German mystic , Germanic revivalist and most notably a pendulum dowser .
Lady Elizabeth Basset , DCVO ( 5 March 1908 -- 30 November 2000 ) was born Elizabeth Legge , the daughter of the 7th Earl of Dartmouth .
Gilbert Maxwell ( February 13 , 1910-November 1979 ) was a poet , New York actor , and author .
Inge the Elder ( Swedish : Inge Stenkilsson ; Old Norse : Ingi Steinkelsson ) ( died c. 1105 ) was a King of Sweden .
James Hipwood ( 1842 - -1926 ) was an Australia politician .
Gustavo Mancinelli ( Rome , 1842 - 1906 ) was an Italian painter , who made portraits and depicted many Orientalist subjects .
Zhang Ren ( died 213 ) was a military officer serving under the warlord Liu Zhang in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
Eliza Sibbald Alderson ( 16 August 1818 -- 18 March 1889 ) was an English poet and hymn writer .
Robert Pleasants ( 1723 - -1801 ) was an American educator and abolitionist .
Francis Marion Beynon ( 26 May 1884 -- 5 October 1951 ) was a Canadian journalist , feminist and pacifist .
George Deas Brown ( born 6 September 1922 -- 1 January 2014 ) was an Australian politician .
Maria Palmer ( born Maria Pichler , 5 September 1917 -- 6 September 1981 ) was an Austrian - born American actress .
Emrys George Bowen FRGS , FSA , also known as E. G. Bowen ( 28 December 1900 -- 8 November 1983 ) , was an internationally renowned geographer with a particular interest in the physical geography and social geography of his native Wales .
Ecmel Kutay ( 1927 - -1998 ) was a General in the Turkish military and served as the 24th Mayor of Istanbul from 1981 to 1982 .
Andrew Vinius ( Russian : Андре́й Андре́евич Ви́ниус , Andrey Andreyevich Vinius ) ( 1641 - -1717 ) was a Russian statesman and a friend of Peter the Great .
Sir Edward Wardour ( died 14 March 1645 ) was an English office holder and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1625 .
Bartholomaeus of Drahonice ( c. 1390 -- 1443 ) was a Bohemian soldier , and author of a chronicle of the Hussite revolution .
Fra Alof de Wignacourt ( 1547 -- 14 September 1622 ) was a French nobleman who was the 54th Grand Master of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem from 10 February 1601 to his death in 1622 .
Sultan Sidi Muhammad ibn Sharif ( ? -- 2 August 1664 ) was the ruler of Tafilalt between 1636 - 64 .
David Edward Sutch ( 10 November 1940 -- 16 June 1999 ) , also known as 3rd Earl of Harrow , or simply Screaming Lord Sutch , was an English musician .
Mary Jean Stone ( born at Brighton , Sussex , in 1853 ; died at Battle , Sussex , 3 May 1908 ) was an English historical writer .
Philipp Ludwig I , Count of Hanau - Münzenberg ( 21 November 1553 -- 4 February 1580 ) succeeded his father in the government of the County of Hanau - Münzenberg in 1561 .
Louis C. Hunter ( 1898 -- 1984 ) was a professor of economic history at American University .
Markos Natsinas ( 1925 - 2001 ) is a former Greek politician .
William Alexander McArthur ( 1857 -- 7 June 1923 ) , was a British Liberal politician and businessman .
Shingai Tanaka ( born 1942 in Tottori , Japan -- 6 October 2007 in Kyoto ) was a Japanese calligrapher who studied under Master Goshin Yasui , becoming one of the country 's best shodō artists .
Adolf Dieudonné ( 29 August 1864 -- 25 October 1944 ) was a German physician and hygienist , born in Stuttgart .
Gruffudd Gryg ( fl . c.1340 - -1380 ) was a Welsh poet from Anglesey , North Wales .
Thomas Wright Hill ( 24 April 1763 in Kidderminster -- 13 June 1851 in Tottenham ) was a mathematician and schoolmaster .
John Jugge ( died 1588 ) was an English member of the Stationers ' Company , and the son of Richard Jugge .
Chong Ah Fatt ( 17 January 1936 - 11 July 1987 ) was a former Chairman of the Marine Parade Citizen 's Consultative Committee .
Jean Fouchard ( 2 March 1912 - 30 September 1990 ) was a Haitian historian , journalist , and diplomat .
Donnchad Grana Ó Cellaigh , Irish Lord , died 1589 .
John Blissard ( 1803 , Northampton , England -- 1875 ) was a Church of England vicar and the father of mathematician and Church of England vicar John Charles Blissard who introduced the umbral calculus .
Reverend Charles Pritchard ( 29 February 1808 -- 28 May 1893 ) was a British astronomer , clergyman , and educational reformer .
Sir George Rawdon , 1st Baronet ( 1604 - -1684 ) , of Moira , County Down which he founded , was an English army officer and politician .
Admiral Harry Powlett , 6th Duke of Bolton PC ( 6 November 1720 -- 25 December 1794 ) was a British nobleman and naval officer .
María Enriqueta Camarillo ( also known as María Enriqueta Camarillo y Roa de Pereyra ) ( 1872 - -1968 ) was a Mexican poet novelist , short story writer and translator .
Rabbi Avraham Yitzchak Bloch ( Hebrew : אברהם יצחק בלוך‎ ; 1891 - -1941 ) was the Chief Rabbi and Rosh Yeshiva of the Telz Yeshiva in Lithuania , and one of the greatest pre - Holocaust Rabbinic figures .
Christine Wetherill Stevenson ( 1878 - 1922 ) was an heiress of the Pittsburgh Paint Company .
Richard Bradshaigh or Bradshaw ( alias Barton , 1602 - -1669 ) , was an English Jesuit .
Paula Fürst ( August 6 , 1894 -- probably June 1942 ) was a German reform educator of Jewish descent .
Gabriel Estêvão Monjane ( 1944 -- 1990 ) is one of only seventeen individuals in medical history to have reached eight feet or more in height .
Edward Chetwynd ( 1577 - -1639 ) was an English churchman , Dean of Bristol from 1617 .
James E. Hagan ( January 25 , 1902 -- November 1965 ) was an American businessman and politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the twenty first mayor of Somerville , Massachusetts .
Athanasius Allanson ( 11 June 1804 -- 13 January 1876 ) was an English Benedictine monk and historian , and Abbot of Glastonbury from 1874 to 1876 .
Malice Green was a resident of Detroit , Michigan who died while in police custody after being arrested by Detroit police officers Walter Budzyn and Larry Nevers on November 5 , 1992 during a traffic stop .
Erika Wendt , née Erika Schwarze ( 1917 -- 9 April 2003 ) was a German secretary .
John William Logan , known as `` Paddy '' Logan , ( 1845 -- 25 May 1925 ) , was a civil engineering contractor and Liberal Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Harborough in Leicestershire .
Kumārajīva ( simplified Chinese : 鸠摩罗什 ; traditional Chinese : 鳩摩羅什 ; pinyin : Jiūmóluóshí ; Wade -- Giles : Chiu1 mo2 lo2 shih2 , 344 - -413 CE ) was a Buddhist monk , scholar , and translator from the Kingdom of Kucha .
Claude Bendier ( died 1677 ) was a doctor of the Sorbonne , canon of Saint - Quentin , Aisne , and a well - known French bibliophile .
Michael Chatfield ( 1930s-2004 ) was an American economist , accounting historian , and Emeritus Professor of Accounting at the Southern Oregon University , known for his work on the history of accounting and accounting thought , and particularly for his History of Accounting :
Una Troy Walsh ( 1913 - -1993 ) was an Irish novelist and playwright who wrote under the names Elizabeth Connor and Una Troy .
Georgios Psyllas ( Greek : Γεώργιος Ψύλλας , 1794 - -1878 ) was a Greek scholar and politician , and editor during the Greek War of Independence of the newspaper Efimerida ton Athinon .
Abercius of Hieropolis ( Greek Αβέρκιος , died ca . 167 ) was a bishop of Hierapolis ( modern Castabala ) at the time of Marcus Aurelius , also known as Abercius Marcellus .
Manuel Menezes ( 1922 -- 15 June 1996 ) was an Indian business executive , chairman of the Indian Railway Board .
Hans Andreas Tanberg Gløersen ( 16 February 1836 -- 1 September 1904 ) was a Norwegian forest manager .
Heinz Jentzsch ( 13 March 1920 -- 21 April 2012 ) was the most successful horse trainer in the history of German horse racing .
Yuri Nemyrych ( Ukrainian : Юрій Стефанович Немирич , Polish : Jerzy Niemirycz ) ( 1612 - -1659 ) was a Polish - Ruthenian magnate and politician .
Anselm Bayly ( died 1794 ) was an English churchman and author of various works , chiefly of a theological and critical nature .
Harry V. Roberts ( 1923 - -2004 ) , American statistician , was a distinguished teacher and a pioneer in looking at the applications of Bayesian statistics to business decision making and in Total Quality Management .
Jetti Veera Raghavulu ( died 7 June 2013 ) , better known as J. V. Raghavulu ( Telugu : జె. వి. రాఘవులు ) , was an eminent Indian music director and playback singer .
Harriet Lane Levy ( 1867 - -1950 ) is a California writer best known for her memoir , 920 O’Farrell Street .
Aram Miskaryan ( 1973 -- 23 June 2009 ) was an Armenian sportsman and President of the Armenian Mu Tay Federation .
Giovanni Domenico Nardo ( 4 March 1802 -- 7 April 1877 ) was an Italian naturalist from Venice , although he spent most of his life in Chioggia , home port of the biggest fishing flotilla of the Adriatic .
Secondo Pia ( 1855 - -1941 ) was an Italian lawyer and amateur photographer .
Charles Louis Stanislas Heurteloup ( 16 February 1793 , Paris - 1864 ) was a French physician .
Hart T. Mankin ( died 1995 ) was a United States lawyer and judge who served as General Counsel of the Navy from 1971 to 1973 .
Yakov Permyakov ( Russian : Пермяков , Яков ) ( died 1712 ) was a Russian seafarer , explorer , merchant , and Cossack .
François - Isidore Gagelin ( 10 May 1799 -- 17 October 1833 ) was a French missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society in Vietnam .
Jacques Cujas ( or Cujacius ) ( 1522 -- 4 October 1590 ) was a French legal expert .
Rosa Welt - Straus ( 1856 -- 1938 ) was a suffragist and feminist .
John Crayford ( died 1547 ) was a Master of both Clare College , Cambridge and University College , Oxford , England .
John Malcolm Gray , CBE ( 28 July 1934 - 19 November 2009 ) was a Scottish businessman and the former chairman and chief executive of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in Hong Kong from 1993 until his retirement in 1996 .
Titus Clodius Eprius Marcellus ( committed suicide AD 79 ) was a prominent Roman senator , twice consul , best known for his prosecution of the Stoic senator Thrasea Paetus and his bitter quarrel with Helvidius Priscus .
Captain James Robert Mosse ( 1745 - -1801 ) was a British naval officer and military hero killed during his command at the Battle of Copenhagen during the Napoleonic Wars .
Charles Gray Round ( 28 January 1797 -- 1 December 1867 ) was a barrister and the Conservative member of parliament ( MP ) for North Essex 1837 - -47 .
Gertrude Elizabeth Shane ( née Hine ; 1877 - -1951 ) was an Irish poet born in Belfast and who lived much of her life in County Donegal .
Ivan Samoylovych ( Russian : Ива́н Само́йлович Самойло́вич , Polish : Iwan Samojłowicz , Ukrainian : Іван Самойлович ) ( died 1690 ) was the Hetman of Left - bank Ukraine from 1672 to 1687 .
Andrew Thomas Jamieson ( ca 1823 -- October 31 , 1872 ) was a politician in British Columbia .
Count Christian Louis Casimir of Sayn - Wittgenstein - Ludwigsburg ( German : Graf Christian Ludwig Casimir zu Sayn - Wittgenstein - Berleburg in Ludwigsburg ) ( 13 July 1725 , Berleburg -- 6 May 1797 , Rheda ) was a Count of Sayn - Wittgenstein - Ludwigsburg in 1750 - -1796 .
Lancelot Errington , also Launcelot or Lancelott , ( 1657 - 1745 ) was a master mariner noted for his capture of Lindisfarne during the Jacobite Rising of 1715 .
Nan Chauncy ( 28 May 1900 -- 1 May 1970 ) was a British - born Australian children 's writer .
Francis Stanfield ( 1835 - 1914 ) was an English Catholic priest who worked in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster .
Stanley Wells Kemp , FRS ( 14 June 1882 -- 16 May 1945 ) was an English marine biologist .
Rawson Hart Boddam ( 1734 -- 20 May 1812 , Bath ) was the former Governor of the Bombay Presidency during the rule of the East India Company in British India from 1784 - -1788 .
Antonio Iranzo ( 4 May 1930 -- 7 July 2003 ) was a Spanish film actor in 77 feature films .
Mustafa Suha Arın ( 23 January 1942 - 1 February 2004 ) was a Turkish film director , writer , producer and educator .
Eva Aschoff ( 16 April 1900 -- 20 September 1969 ) was a German visual artist known for her bookbinding and calligraphy .
Robert Scott Moncrieff ( 1 December 1793 -- 18 June 1869 ) was a Scottish advocate but is largely remembered as an amateur illustrator and caricaturist .
Leo Catozzo ( 10 December 1912 -- 4 March 1997 ) was an Italian award winning film editor .
Daniel Beale ( 1759 - -1842 ) was a Scottish merchant and fur trader active in the Far East mercantile centres of Bombay , Canton and Macau as well as at one time the Prussian consul in China .
Ellen Dickson ( 1819 -- 4 July 1878 ) was an English composer who also used the pseudonym Dolores Dickson .
Natalma ( March 26 , 1957 -- January 29 , 1985 ) was an American - bred Thoroughbred racehorse best known as the dam ( mother ) of the most important sire , and sire of sires , of the 20th Century , Northern Dancer .
Isaac of Seleucia ( died 410 ) was a Patriarch of the Persian Church , who is celebrated among the Catholicoi for having reorganized the Persian Church after the terrible persecution that overwhelmed it under Shapûr II .
Gregory Ivy ( 1904 - -1985 ) was chairman of the art department at Woman 's College , now the University of North Carolina at Greensboro , from 1935 to 1961 .
Loree Murray ( January 2 , 1921 -- 2009 ) was a community activist in Washington DC . Murray moved to DC in the early 1940s from Pinehurst , North Carolina .
John Edwards - Vaughan , also known as John Edwards ( 29 March 1772 -- 16 August 1833 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1818 and 1832 .
Percy Orthwein ( 1888 - 1957 ) was an American heir and business executive in advertising from St. Louis , Missouri .
Saint Herbert of Derwentwater ( ? - 20 March 687 ) was an Anglo - Saxon priest and hermit who lived on St. Herbert 's Island , a small island in Derwentwater .
When Winfield Scott Stratton died on 14 September 1902 , he left the bulk of his estate for the establishment of the Myron Stratton Home , for `` the aged poor and dependent children ; '' named for his father Myron Stratton .
John Zeleny ( 1872 - -1951 ) was a Czech - American physicist at the University of Minnesota , who in 1911 invented the Zeleny electroscope .
James Ormiston McWilliam ( 1808 - -1862 ) was a Scottish naval surgeon , physician and writer on infectious diseases , best known as medical officer to the 1841 Niger expedition .
John Harington , 1st Baron Harington ( 1281 - -1347 ) of Aldingham in Furness , Lancashire , was an English peer , created Baron Harington by writ of summons to Parliament dated 1326 .
William Burt Pope ( 1822 -- 1903 ) was an English Christian theologian in the Methodist tradition .
Charlie Sutton ( 3 April 1924 -- 5 June 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Frederick Ward ( 30 June 1894 -- 10 September 1953 ) , known as Fred or Yaffer Ward , was an English footballer who made 245 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City ( in three separate spells ) , Wigan Borough and Rochdale .
Severin Binius ( 1573 , Randerath , present - day Western Germany -- 14 February 1641 ) was a German Roman Catholic priest , historian and critic .
Nahed Sherif ( Arabic : ناهد شريف ) , also romanised as Nahied Sherif , ( 1 January 1942 - 7 April 1981 ) was an Egyptian actress who came to prominence in Egyptian and Lebanese films of the 1960s and 1970s .
Nathaniel Hallowes ( 1582 -- 1661 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1640 to 1653 and again in 1659 .
Mustafa Mashhur ( Ar . : مصطفى مشهور ) ( lived 1921 -- November 14 , 2002 ) was the fifth General Guide ( leader ) of the Muslim Brothers .
Lida Gustava Heymann ( 15 March 1868 -- 31 July 1943 ) was a German feminist , pacifist and women 's rights activist .
Claudio Brindis de Salas Monte ( Havana , 30 October 1800 -- 17 December 1872 ) was a black violinist and double bass player who directed the most famous Cuban dance orchestra of his day .
Eva Kristine Vetulani - Belfoure ( 1 October 1924 -- 25 March 2004 ) was a Polish translator , teacher and writer who emigrated to the United States in the early 1950s .
Stevan Dedijer ( 25 June 1911 -- 13 June 2004 ) was a Yugoslav academic and a pioneer of Business Intelligence .
René Fonjallaz ( 1907 -- December 1993 ) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the late 1920s and early 1930s .
Ray Parkin ( 6 November 1910 -- 19 June 2005 ) was an Australian writer , amateur artist , and self - taught historian , noted for his memoirs of World War II and a major work on James Cook 's Endeavour voyage .
J. Garber Drushal ( July 16 , 1912 -- December 3 , 1982 ) was the eighth President of The College of Wooster , in Wooster , Ohio USA .
Jaybahadur Hitan Magar ( 17 July 1949 -- 11 December 2009 ) was a politician , campaigner , writer and literati of Nepal , and a member of the Nepalese Congress Party ( NC ) .
Gaspare Sommaripa ( died 1402 ) was a Lord of Paros by right of his wife .
Jackie Mann DFM ( 11 June 1914 -- 12 November 1995 ) was a British former RAF fighter pilot in the Battle of Britain , who in later life was kidnapped by Islamists in Lebanon in May 1989 , and held hostage for more than two years .
Sun Qifeng ( 1583 - -1675 ; 孫奇逢 ; Sun Ch'i - feng in Wade Giles ) was a native of Rongcheng County in Zhili Province .
Tajammul Hussain Malik ( June 13 , 1924 - 2003 ) was a 2-star general officer in the Pakistan army and the former General Officer Commanding of the 23rd Division of Pakistan Army , retiring with the rank of major general .
Federico Mazzotta ( 1839 - 1897 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre subjects , but also historic and Neo - Pompeian themes .
W.B. Mathews ( 1865 - -1931 ) was a `` pioneer figure in the water development program of Los Angeles '' and chief counsel for the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California .
José Antonio Saravia or José Antonio Sarabia ( Villanueva del Fresno , Spain , 1785 -- Kamenetz , now in Ukraine , 2 April 1871 ) was an army officer during the Napoleonic Wars .
Ottokar Fischer Marteau , also known as ( born ) Ottokar Fischer ( November 10 , 1873 , Leschan ( Czech : Lešany ) - December 1 , 1940 ) was born in a small village Leschan in Austrian Empire .
Maria Skytte af Duderhof ( died 1703 ) was a Swedish Baroness and Countess known for her unconventional life style .
Fritz Mauthner ( 22 November 1849 -- 29 June 1923 ) was an Austro - Hungarian novelist , theatre critic , satirist , and exponent of philosophical skepticism derived from a critique of human knowledge .
Robert Vivian Storer ( 1900 - -1958 ) , Australian venerealogist , sex educator , and writer , was born in Adelaide in 1900 .
Cináed mac Conaing ( died 851 ) was King of Knowth in the medieval Irish province of Mide , succeeding his father Conaing mac Flainn in 849 .
Buth Diu ( d. c. 1972 ) was a politician who was one of the leaders of the Liberal Party in Sudan in the years before and after independence in 1956 .
Maurice Burton ( 28 March 1898 -- 9 September 1992 ) was a British zoologist and popular science author , who produced many natural history encyclopedias and books including a skeptical treatment of the Loch Ness Monster .
Colonel Francis Hacker ( died 19 October 1660 ) was an English soldier who fought for Parliament during the English Civil War and one of the Regicides of King Charles I of England .
Ewaryst Estkowski ( 1820 - -1856 ) was a Polish teacher , education activist , and editor of Szkoła Polska ( Polish School ) magazine .
Kenth Andersson ( 13 July 1944 -- 20 January 2011 ) was a Swedish middle - distance runner and running agent .
Emanuel Gifford ( died c 1633 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons twice between 1621 and 1626 .
Peter Weekes ( 21 February 1947 -- 26 December 1994 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Đoan Nam Vương Trịnh Khải ( chữ Hán:鄭楷 , 1763 - 1786 ) was one of the Trịnh lords in northern Vietnam .
Örjan Lüning ( 30 May 1919 − 24 September 1995 ) was a Swedish philatelist who was a specialist in aerophilately .
Admiral William Compton , 4th Marquess of Northampton , KG ( 20 August 1818 -- 11 September 1897 ) , known as Lord William Compton from 1828 to 1877 , was a British peer and naval commander .
Reuben Levy ( 28 April 1891 -- 6 September 1966 ) was Professor of Persian at the University of Cambridge , who wrote on Persian literature and Islamic history .
William Sandeman ( born Luncarty , Scotland 1722 , died Perth , Scotland 1790 ) was a leading Perthshire linen and later cotton manufacturer .
M. A. Mansoor ( 1881 - -1968 ) was an antiquarian who compiled an exquisite collection of Amarna Period sculptures .
Vice - Admiral Henry Boyle Townshend Somerville CMG ( 7 September 1863 -- 24 March 1936 ) was a British navy officer who was murdered by the IRA .
Joseph Coincé ( 1764 - -1833 ) was a French Jesuit and physician .
John Rainolds ( or Reynolds ) ( 1549 -- 21 May 1607 ) was an English academic and churchman , of Puritan views .
Gladstone Guest ( 26 June 1917 -- 17 July 1998 ) was an English footballer .
Grace Eldering ( 1900 - -1988 ) was an American public health scientist , known for her involvement in the creation of a vaccine for whooping cough along with Pearl Kendrick .
Charles Oyston ( 12 May 1869 -- 15 July 1942 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played fifteen matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1900 to 1909 .
E. Warren Clark ( 1849 - -1907 ) was an American educator who taught thousands of young Japanese the rudiments of modern science while employed as a teacher in Japan from 1871 - 75 .
Alem Zewde Tessema ( died 1974 ) was an Ethiopian military figure .
John Conroy Hutcheson ( 1840- 1897 ) was a British author of novels and short stories about life aboard ships at sea .
George Bax Holmes ( 3 May 1803 -- 31 March 1887 ) was an English fossil collector .
Cú Dínaisc mac Conasaig ( also called Cudinaisc , Cudinaisg , Cú Dínisc , Cudiniscus ) ( c.720 -- 791 ) , was the Abbot of Armagh , Ireland from 768 to 772 .
Eivind Tverbak ( April 1897 , Sørfold , Salten -- 1982 ) was a Norwegian novelist and children 's writer from Sørfold .
Abdullah ibn Umar ( ) ( c.610 - -693 CE ) was the son of the second Caliph Umar and a brother - in - law of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Henrik Jæger ( 4 January 1854 -- 17 December 1895 ) was a Norwegian literary historian , literary critic and playwright .
Lucien Paye ( born in Vernoil - le - Fourrier , Maine - et - Loire on 18 June 1907 -- died 1972 ) was a former French politician .
Charles Jerram ( 1770 - -1853 ) was an English evangelical priest of the Church of England .
Abraham Saba ( 1440 - -1508 ) was a preacher in Castile who became a pupil of Isaac de Leon .
Katharina Henot ( or Henoth ) , ( 1570 -- 19 May 1627 ) , was a German postmaster and an alleged witch , burned at the stake for sorcery in Cologne in Germany .
A. Martin Freeman ( 1878 in Tooting , London -- 1959 ) was a scholar of medieval Irish texts and collector of Irish music .
Auguste Aramini ( 1875 - -1950 ) was a French - born Canadian singer .
Henri Membertou ( died 18 September 1611 ) was the sakmow ( Grand Chief ) of the Mi'kmaq First Nations tribe situated near Port Royal , site of the first French settlement in Acadia , present - day Nova Scotia , Canada .
Anna Margaret Ross Alexander ( 1913 - -1995 ) was a philanthropist , who organized the first mental health fund drive in Marion County , Indiana .
Jeronimus Sweerts ( 1603 -- 1636 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age still life painter .
Sir Joseph Whitworth , 1st Baronet ( 21 December 1803 -- 22 January 1887 ) was an English engineer , entrepreneur , inventor and philanthropist .
Sheen T. Kassouf ( 1929 - -2006 ) was an economist known for research in financial mathematics .
Abdul Azim al - Deeb ( Arabic : عبد العظيم الديب‎ ) ( 1929 - 5 January 2010 ) was a professor at Qatar University .
James Leonard Corning ( 1855 -- 1923 ) was an American neurologist , mainly known for his early experiments on neuraxial blockade in New York City .
Albrecht Fleckenstein ( 3 March 1917 -- 4 April 1992 ) was a German pharmacologist and physiologist best known for his discovery of calcium channel blockers .
Beda Mayr was a Bavarian Benedictine philosopher , apologist , and poet ( born 15 January 1742 at Daiting near Augsburg ; died 28 April 1794 , in the monastery of Heiligenkreuz in Donauworth .
Rudolph Dittrich ( 23 December 1850 , Breslau - 19 December 1922 , Breslau ) was a German entomologist specialising in Coleoptera and Hymenoptera .
Ozias Thurston Linley ( 1765 - -1831 ) was one of seven musical siblings born to the composer Thomas Linley the elder and his wife Mary Johnson .
Thomas Fitzmaurice , 18th Baron Kerry and Baron Lixnaw ( 1574 - -1630 ) was an Irish military leader in the Nine Years ' War .
Da Lam Tserenchimed ( Mongolian : Да лам Цэрэнчимэд , Standard Tibetan : ཏཱ་བླ་མ་ཚེ་རིང་འཆི་མེད། ; 1869 -- 1914 ) was a prominent lama and early 20th century Mongolian independence leader .
Thomas Blague ( or Blage ) ( c.1545 - -1611 ) was an English churchman and author , dean of Rochester from 1592 .
Friedrich Freiherr von Broich ( 1 January 1896 -- 24 September 1974 ) was a German career military officer and panzer commander in World War II . On 12 May 1943 , Von Broich was captured by the British Army along with the remnants of the 10th Panzer Division in Tunisia .
John Alexander MacWilliam ( 31 July 1857 -- 13 January 1937 ) , a physiologist at the University of Aberdeen in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , was a pioneer in the field of cardiac electrophysiology .
Tudur Aled ( c. 1465 - -1525 ) was a late medieval Welsh poet , born in Llansannan , Denbighshire .
Aharon Goldstein ( Hebrew : אהרן גולדשטיין‎‎ , born 19 December 1902 , died 12 October 1976 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Liberal Party and Gahal between 1963 and 1974 .
George Rowley ( 4 April 1782 -- 5 October 1836 ) was Dean and Master of University College , Oxford and Vice - Chancellor of Oxford University .
Paul Löwinger ( 10 November 1904 -- 17 December 1988 ) was an Austrian actor , theatre manager and writer .
Saints Cantius , Cantianus , and Cantianilla ( all died May 31 , circa 304 AD ) are venerated as saints and martyrs by the Christian church .
Paul Liao ( Chinese : 廖偉志 ; 5 October 1949 -- 20 May 2015 ) was a Taiwanese businessman .
Irene Roberts ( 24 September 1908 - February 1996 ) better known as her professional name Renee Roberts was an English actress who is best remembered for her portrayal of Miss Ursula Gatsby in Fawlty Towers between 1975 and 1979 .
Suzanne Spaak ( 6 July 1905 - 12 August 1944 ) was a World War II French Resistance operative .
Maurice Beddow Bayly MRCS , LRCP ( died 1962 ) was an English physician , anti - vivisection activist , and anti - vaccination campaigner .
John Michael Berning ( 1941 - 2006 ) : librarian , anglican , bell ringer and author .
Rear Admiral John Moresby ( 15 March 1830 -- 12 July 1922 ) was a British Naval Officer who explored the coast of New Guinea and discovered the site of Port Moresby .
Rupert Doone ( born Ernest Reginald Wollfield in Redditch , Worcestershire 1903 -- 1966 ) was a British dancer , choreographer , theatre director , and teacher in London .
Emanuele Gerada ( 18 May 1920 -- 21 January 2011 ) was a Maltese prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and Titular Archbishop of Nomentum .
Hans Ludwig Engel ( 1630 - -22 April 1674 ) was a Roman Catholic canon lawyer , best known as the author of Collegium Universi Juris Canonici .
William Frederick Steuart ( 1816 - -1889 ) was a Maryland - born medical doctor who served in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Count Sir Luigi Preziosi ( 29 July 1888 -- 30 July 1965 ) was a Maltese politician and a doctor who specialized in ophthalmology .
Yvonne Jammet ( 1900 -- 30 August 1967 ) was a French landscape painter and sculptor , who spent her career in Ireland .
Friedrich Carl Albert Schreuel , also known as Frederik Karel Albert Schreuel and Jan Christian Aelbert Schreuel ( 14 June 1773 -- 1853 ) , was a Dutch - born painter .
Harry Lawrence Bradfer - Lawrence ( 1 April 1887 -- 19 October 1965 ) was an antiquarian with a particular interest in Norfolk and Yorkshire , England .
Victor Serebriakoff ( 17 October 1912 -- 1 January 2000 ) was one of the early members and a leading light of Mensa .
Duan Ye ( simplified Chinese : 段业 ; traditional Chinese : 段業 ; pinyin : Duàn Yè ; died 401 ) was the first king of Northern Liang of the Sixteen Kingdoms period in Chinese history .
Karel Johan Gustav Hartlaub ( 8 November 1814 -- 29 November 1900 ) was a German physician and ornithologist .
Bartholomäus Ziegenbalg ( 10 July 1682 -- 23 February 1719 ) was a member of the Lutheran clergy and the first Pietist missionary to India .
Isaac Beeckman ( 10 December 1588 -- 19 May 1637 ) was a Dutch philosopher and scientist , who , through his studies and contact with leading natural philosophers , may have `` virtually given birth to modern atomism '' .
Tio Tek Djien ( also Djin ; 2 December 1895 -- 17 December 1975 ) , also styled T. D. Tio , Jr. , was a Chinese Indonesian stage manager and playwright turned film producer .
Vinko Coce ( 22 December 1954 -- 27 October 2013 ) was a Croatian opera and pop singer .
Maud de Braose , Baroness Mortimer ( 1224 -- shortly before 23 March 1301 ) was a noble heiress , and one of the most important , being a member of the powerful de Braose family which held many lordships and domains in the Welsh Marches .
Moncure Robinson ( February 2 , 1802- November 10 , 1891 ) was an American civil engineer , railroad planner and builder and a railroad and steamboat owner , who is considered one of America 's leading Antebellum period civil engineers .
Ptolemy II Philadelphus ( Greek : Πτολεμαῖος Φιλάδελφος , Ptolemaîos Philádelphos , 309 - -246 BCE ) was the king of Ptolemaic Egypt from 283 to 246 BCE .
Neil Aggett ( 6 October 1953 , Nanyuki -- 5 February 1982 ) was a white South African medical doctor and trade union organiser who died whilst in detention after being arrested by the South African Security Police .
Lieutenant - General Albemarle Bertie , 9th Earl of Lindsey ( 17 September 1744 -- 17 September 1818 ) was a British nobleman and general .
Sir Bryant Godman Irvine ( 25 July 1909 -- 3 May 1992 ) was a Canadian - born British Conservative politician .
Herman Hotchkiss ( 1 July 1765 -- 20 February 1836 ) was an early settler of East Haven , Connecticut and is credited as founder of Fair Haven , Connecticut .
August Bach ( 30 August 1897 -- 23 March 1966 ) was an East German Christian Democratic politician .
Richard Baret ( died 1401 ) , of Eastgate Street , Gloucester , was an English politician .
Rajab Ali Tabrizi ( died in 1670 ) was an Iranian and Shiat philosopher and mystic of the 17th century .
James Englebert Teschemacher ( b. in Nottingham , England , 11 June 1790 ; d. near Boston , Massachusetts , 9 November 1853 ) was a scientist .
Don Lusher OBE ( 6 November 1923 - 5 July 2006 ) was a jazz and big band trombonist best known for his association with the Ted Heath Big Band .
Dr George Alexander Gibson FRSE FRCPE LLD ( 1854 - -1913 ) was a physician , medical author and amateur geologist .
Edward Brabazon , 1st Baron Ardee ( c.1548 -- 7 August 1625 ) was an Anglo - Irish peer .
Johann Köler ( 8 March 1826 -- 22 April 1899 ) was a leader of the Estonian national awakening and a painter .
Giovanni de Gamerra ( 26 December 1742 -- 29 August 1803 ) was a cleric , a playwright , and a poet .
Michael Davie ( 15 January 1924 Cranleigh , Surrey -- 7 December 2005 , Ewelme , Oxfordshire ) was a British journalist .
Margaret Stevenson Miller ( 1896 -- 1979 ) was a British lecturer and researcher , who campaigned for women 's rights .
Josef Bayer ( 6 March 1852 -- 12 March 1913 ) was an Austrian composer and the director of the Austrian Court Ballet from 1883 until his death .
William I of Baux ( Occitan : Guilhèm dei Bauç , archaic Guillem or Guilhem dels Baus , French : Guillaume des Baux or du Baus , Latin : Guillelmus de Balcio ; c. 1155 -- June 1218 ) was the Prince of Orange from 1182 until his death .
Georg Daniel Teutsch ( December 12 , 1817 , Schässburg , Transylvania - July 2 , 1893 , Hermannstadt , Transylvania ) was a Transylvanian historian and Lutheran ( Augsburg Confession ) bishop .
Dwight James Baum ( 1886 - -1939 ) was an American architect most active in New York and in Sarasota , Florida .
Dr. Michael Philip West ( 1888 -- 1973 ) was an English language teacher and researcher who worked extensively in India in the mid 1900s .
Air Vice Marshal Ian Dougald McLachlan , CB , CBE , DFC ( 23 July 1911 -- 14 July 1991 ) was a senior commander in the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) .
Dionigi di Borgo San Sepolcro OESA ( Roberti of Roberti , Dennis ) ( c. 1300 -- 31 March 1342 ) was an Augustinian monk who was at one time Petrarch 's confessor , and who taught Boccaccio at the beginning of his education in the humanities .
Sophie Angelika of Württemberg - Oels ( 30 May 1677 - 11 November 1700 ) , was a Duchess of Württemberg - Oels by birth and by marriage Duchess of Saxe - Zeitz - Pegau - Neustadt .
François Dufault ( or Dufaut ) ( before 1604 ( ? ) -- ca . 1672 ? ) was a French lutenist and composer .
Sangeetha Kalanidhi Maharajapuram Santhanam ( Tamil : மகாராஜபுரம் ஸந்தானம் ) , ( December 3 , 1928-June 24 , 1992 ) was one of the great Carnatic music vocalists of the 20th century .
Roland ( Frankish : Hruodland ) ( died 15 August 778 ) was a Frankish military leader under Charlemagne who became one of the principal figures in the literary cycle known as the Matter of France .
Robert Hallam ( aka Alum or Halam ; died 4 September 1417 ) was an English churchman , Bishop of Salisbury and English representative at the Council of Constance .
John Blackwall ( 20 January 1790 -- May 1881 ) was a British naturalist with a particular interest in spiders .
Lady Julia Namier ( also known as Iulia de Beausobre , née Iulia Michaelovna Kazarina ) ( 1893 - 1977 ) was a Russian writer , who married the British historian Lewis Bernstein Namier .
Claudio de Arciniega ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈklauðjo ðe arθiˈnjeɣa ) ; c. 1520 - -1593 ) was a Spanish architect and sculptor .
Anders Daae ( 21 April 1838 -- 19 December 1910 ) was a Norwegian prison director .
Abner of Burgos ( ca . 1270 -- ca . 1347 , or a little later ) was a Jewish philosopher , a convert to Christianity and polemical writer against his former religion .
Sighsten Herrgård ( 8 January 1943 -- 20 November 1989 ) was a Finnish - born Swedish fashion designer and major trendsetter in Stockholm .
Nicolau dos Reis Lobato ( 24 May 1946 -- 31 December 1978 ) was an East - Timorese politician and national hero .
Carroll Glenn ( 28 October 1918 -- 25 April 1983 ) was an American violinist and music educator .
Kamalesh Maitra ( 28 April 1928 -- 22 April 2005 ) , often referred to by the title Pandit , was an Indian classical musician , composer and teacher .
Addac or Attaces ( died 418 ) was king of the western Alans in Hispania ( the Iberian Peninsula , modern Spain and Portugal ) .
Sir William Soame , 1st Baronet ( also Soames ) ( c.1645 - -1686 ) was an English translator and diplomat .
William Ermested BD DCanL ( d. 1558 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1554 - 1558 and Master of the Temple .
Frederick Christian Lewis ( 1779 - -1856 ) was an English etcher , aquatint and stipple engraver , landscape and portrait painter and the brother of Charles Lewis ( 1786 - -1836 ) .
John Martin Howard ( 20 August 1917 - -11 June 1942 ) was born in Chester , Pennsylvania , and enlisted in the United States Naval Reserve on 22 June 1935 .
Agostino Recuperati ( died 1540 ) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1539 to 1540 .
Sydney Watson OBE ( 1903 - -1991 ) was an English church musician .
Vekoslav Grmič ( 4 June 1923 -- 21 March 2005 ) was a Slovenian Roman Catholic bishop and theologian , known for his sympathy towards Socialist ideas .
Sverre Bergh ( 1 November 1920 -- 30 April 2006 ) was a Norwegian engineer who served as a spy in Nazi Germany during World War II .
Jock Young ( 4 March 1942 -- 16 November 2013 ) was a sociologist and criminologist .
Juš Kozak ( 26 June 1892 -- 29 August 1964 ) , also known under the pseudonym Jalanov , was a Slovenian writer , playwright , and editor .
Ernst van Heerden ( 20 March 1916 -- 30 September 1997 ) was a leading Afrikaans poet .
Albino Bernardini ( 18 October 1917 -- 31 March 2015 ) was an Italian writer and pedagogue .
Scorpus ( c. 68 - -95 AD ) was a famous charioteer in Roman times who lived at the end of the 1st century AD .
Kunga Lekpa ( Tibetan : ཀུན་དགའ་ལེགས་པ , Wylie : Kun dga legs pa , 1433 - -1483 ) was a King of Tibet who ruled from 1448 to 1481 .
Malladi Venkata Satyanarayana Rao ( మల్లాది వెంకట సత్యనారాయణ రావు ) ( 6 May 1932 -- 1 November 1996 ) was a violinist and radio artist , honoured with the title Sangeetha Kalanidhi .
David Anthony Hilton Yates , FRCP ( born 15 August 1930 , died 13 September 2004 ) , known as Anthony Yates , was an English rheumatologist and consultant , president of the British Association for Rheumatology and of the Rheumatology and Rehabilitation Section of the Royal Society of Medicine .
Ezekiel Hopkins ( died 1690 ) was an Anglican divine in the Church of Ireland , who was Bishop of Derry from 1681 to 1690 .
Major Samuel Hill Lawrence VC ( 22 January 1831 -- 17 June 1868 ) , born in Cork , was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Mary Olive Edis , later Edis - Galsworthy ( 3 September 1876 - 28 December 1955 ) was a British photographer who was famous for autochrome phototographs and portrait photography .
William Ludlam ( 1717 - -1788 ) was an English clergyman and mathematician .
Matti Oravisto ( 23 October 1921 -- 15 November 2001 ) was a Finnish actor who appeared in theatre , film and television .
Charles Deslondes was one of the slave leaders of the 1811 German Coast Uprising , a slave revolt that began on January 8 , 1811 , in the Territory of Orleans .
Air Vice - Marshal John Frederick Powell OBE ( 12 June 1915 -- 24 November 2008 ) was a long - serving officer at RAF College Cranwell .
Walter Tennyson ( 1899 - 1980 ) was a British actor and film director of the silent era .
Mehmet Cevat Abbas Gürer ( 1887 -- July 4 , 1943 ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and Turkish Army .
Edward C. Krause ( December 14 , 1914 -- November 20 , 1950 ) was an American politician and businessman from Wisconsin .
George Gavan Duffy ( Irish : Seoirse Gabhán Ó Dubhthaigh ; 21 October 1882 -- 10 June 1951 ) was an Irish politician , barrister and judge .
Newton Horace Winchell ( 1839 - -1914 ) was an American geologist responsible for the six - volume The Geology of Minnesota :
Bhabesh Chandra Sanyal commonly known as B. C. Sanyal ( 22 April 1901 -- 9 August 2003 ) , the doyen of modernism in Indian art , was an Indian painter and sculptor and an Art teacher to three generations of artists .
Samuele Levi ( 1813 -- 6 January 1883 ) was an Italian composer born in Venice .
Thomas Downing ( 1928 - -1985 ) was an American painter , associated with the Washington Color Field Movement .
Eduard Holst ( 1843 -- 4 February 1899 ) was a Danish playwright , composer , actor , dancer , and dance master .
Johnny Almond ( 29 July 1946 -- 18 November 2009 ) was a British musician , who is best known for his recordings with the Alan Price Set , Fleetwood Mac , John Mayall and Mark - Almond .
Joseph Crane Hartzell ( 1 June 1842 -- 6 September 1929 ) was an American Missionary Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church who served in the United States and in Africa .
Stephen Lefeaver ( born 1791 in Marden , Kent ; died 26 July 1867 in Marden ) was an English first - class cricketer associated with Kent who was active in the 1820s .
Jonathan Dymond ( 1796 - -1828 ) was an English Quaker and an ethical philosopher who is known for his monograph An Enquiry into the Accordancy of War with the Principles of Christianity .
François Vavasseur ( English : Francois Vavasseur ; 8 December 1605 , at Paray - le - Monial -- 16 December 1681 at Paris , France ) was a French Jesuit humanist and controversialist .
Karl Volk ( 1 April 1896 -- March 1961 ) was a Communist politician , journalist and German Resistance fighter against Nazism .
Queen Tufa ( 禿髮王后 , personal name unknown ) ( died 423 ) was a queen of the Chinese / Xianbei state Western Qin .
Rabbi Jacob Pollak ( other common spelling Yaakov Pollack ) was the founder of the Polish method of halakhic and Talmudic study known as the Pilpul ; born about 1460 ; died at Lublin in 1541 .
Elazar Abuhatzeira ( 9 August 1948 -- 29 July 2011 ) was an Orthodox Sefardi rabbi and kabbalist , known among his followers as the `` Baba Elazar . ''
Adrien Karbowsky ( 15 December 1855 -- 14 March 1945 ) was a French painter , decorator and architect , He is known for his Art Nouveau murals and tapestry designs .
Akhter Husain ( Urdu : اختر حسین ) , HPk , OBE , ( 1 March 1902 -- 15 July 1983 ) was an eminent senior statesman and civil servant of Pakistan .
Quamina was implicated in the revolt by the colonial authorities , apprehended and executed on 16 September 1823 .
Mitchell Campbell King ( born June 1815 in Charleston , South Carolina ; died 1901 ) was a planter and physician in the Carolinas .
John Roques ( March 2 , 1783 -- December 31 , 1857 ) was an early citizen of St. Louis , Missouri .
Saint Gianna Beretta Molla ( 4 October 1922 -- 28 April 1962 ) was an Italian pediatrician who was also a wife and a mother .
Richard Coleman , better known as Dick Corbett ( 28 September 1908 -- 3 March 1943 ) , was a two - time British bantamweight champion .
Rowland Searchfield ( Roland ) ( c. 1565 -- 11 October 1622 ) was an English academic and bishop .
Michel Bibaud ( 19 January 1782 -- 3 August 1857 ) was a Canadian writer and educator in Montreal , Quebec .
Theodor Caspari ( 13 February 1853 -- 12 February 1948 ) was a Norwegian poet , novelist , travel writer , literary critic and teacher .
Adolph F. Meyer ( c. 1899 -- 1988 ) is an American pastor who died in Newark , New Jersey .
Otto , Lord of Arkel ( c. 1330 -- 26 March or 1 April 1396 ) was Lord of Arkel from 6 May 1360 until his death .
Arthur Coulin ( 20 September 1869 -- 9 November 1912 ) was an Austro - Hungarian Romanian painter and art critic .
Sir Thomas Nott ( 11 December 1606 -- 1681 ) was an English royalist army officer and an original fellow of the Royal Society .
Lorraine Fox ( 1922 - -1976 ) was an American illustrator and commercial artist who illustrated magazines , book covers , and advertisements .
Gotthard Deutsch ( 31 January 1859 -- 14 October 1921 ) , also spelled Gottard Deutsch , was a scholar of Jewish history .
Lionel Eric Hayward ( more commonly known as Eric Hayward ; 2 August 1917 -- 1976 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender .
Conny Vandenbos ( 16 January 1937 -- 7 April 2002 ) was a popular Dutch singer .
Maurice Loyal Huggins ( 19 September 1897 - 17 December 1981 ) was a scientist who independently conceived the idea of hydrogen bonding and who was an early advocate for their role in stabilizing protein secondary structure .
Henry Curtis Meanor ( or H. Curtis Meanor , 1929 - -2008 ) was a former United States federal judge .
Sanshi Imai ( 今井 三子 , 1900 - -1976 ) was a Japanese mycologist of Hokkaido Imperial University .
The Dryburne Martyrs , Richard Hill , Richard Holiday , John Hogg and Edmund Duke ( all died 27 May 1590 ) were English Roman Catholic priests and martyrs , executed at Dryburne , County Durham , in the reign of Elizabeth I. Not much is known of their early lives .
Kenneth Steel ( RBA , SGA , 9 July 1906 -- 1970 ) was a British artist creating works of art primarily in watercolor .
Cécile Cerf ( 12 January 1916 -- 29 December 1973 ) was a member of the French Resistance during World War II . During World War II , Cerf played an active role in the Main - d'œuvre immigrée groups under the aegis of the FTP - MOI resistance movement .
Alfred Klee ( 25 January 1875 - 10 November 1943 ) was the younger associate of Theodor Herzl and one of the earliest leaders of German Zionism .
Chong Chee Kin ( c.1973 -- 1 November 2012 ) was a Singaporean journalist who worked for The Straits Times .
Ignacy Hryniewiecki ( Russian : Игнатий Иоахимович Гриневицкий ; Ignaty Ioakhimovich Grinevitsky ; 1856 -- 13 March 1881 ) ( Party name : Kotik , Russian for `` Kitten '' ) was a member of the People 's Will and the principal assassin of Tsar Alexander II of Russia .
Leszek of Dobrzyń ( pl : Leszek dobrzyński ; bef . 1302 - bef . 10 July 1316 ) , was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast and Duke of Dobrzyń during 1312 - 1316 with his brothers .
Suzanne Gabriello ( born Suzanne Yvonne Henriette Marie Galopet ; 24 January 1932 -- died 9 August 1992 ) was a French singer and actress .
The Reverend William Wilks ( 1843 - -1923 ) was a notable British horticulturalist and clergyman .
René Sommer ( 1951 - 5 October 2009 ) was a Swiss inventor and computer programmer , credited as a co - inventor of the computer mouse .
Martin Berkofsky ( 9 April 1943 -- 30 December 2013 ) was an American classical pianist , known primarily for his interpretations of music by Franz Liszt and Alan Hovhaness .
Gigi Reder ( 25 March 1928 -- 8 October 1998 ) was an Italian character actor , best known for the role of Filini in the Fantozzi film series .
Lill Tschudi ( 1911 - -2004 ) was a Swiss artist associated with the Grosvenor School of Modern Art .
Colleen Madamombe ( born 1964 , died 31-May-2009 ) was a Zimbabwean sculptor .
Kostas Papachristos ( Greek : Κώστας Παπαχρήστος ; 1916 -- 1995 ) was a Greek actor who was known for his comedic acting roles .
Adam von Trautmannsdorf ( 1579 - 1617 ) , kaiserlicher Kämmerer und oberster Kriegsrat , general of the Croatian and Austrian Littoral .
William Hilton RA ( 3 June 1786 -- 30 December 1839 ) , was an English portrait and history painter .
Sir Ralph Winwood ( c. 1563 -- 27 October 1617 ) was an English diplomat and statesman to the Jacobean court .
Eileen Colgan ( 1933/1934 -- 10 March 2014 ) was an Irish theatre , television and film actress .
Dragut ( Turkish : Turgut Reis ) ( 1485 -- 23 June 1565 ) was an Ottoman Greek Admiral and privateer who also served as Bey of Algiers ;
Sesson Shukei ( orig . Satake Heizo ) ( 1504 - 1589 ) was a Japanese Zen monk and painter from the Muromachi period born in what is modern day Ibaragi Prefecture .
Albert de Rippe ( Alberto da Ripa ) ( c. 1500 - -1551 ) was an Italian lutenist and composer .
Beryl Mercer ( 13 August 1882 -- 28 July 1939 ) was an actress of stage and screen who was based in the United States .
Samuel Mugglestone ( 1765 -- 11 December 1839 ) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1791 .
Richenza of Northeim ( c. 1087/1089 -- 10 June 1141 ) , a member of the comital House of Northeim , was Duchess of Saxony from 1106 , German queen ( formally Queen of the Romans ) from 1125 and Holy Roman Empress from 1133 until the death of her husband Lothair of Supplinburg in 1137 .
Maestro Aldo Piga was a music composer from 1928 to 1994 in New York , USA .
Taillefer embarked from the shore of Normandy where the Allies landed on D - Day in World War II . The Battle of Hastings was on 14 October 1066 , and Taillefer died on that day ;
Ndre Mjeda ( 20 November 1866 -- 1 August 1937 ) was an Albanian poet and activist .
Thomas Nugent , 6th Earl of Westmeath KP PC ( Ire ) ( April 1714 -- 7 September 1792 ) , styled Lord Delvin from 1752 to 1754 was an Irish peer and freemason .
Faye Tso ( 1933 - 2004 ) was a Navajo potter and herbal medicine healer .
Pierino Baffi ( 15 September 1930 -- 27 March 1985 ) was an Italian road bicycle racer from Vailate .
William Brace ( 23 September 1865 -- 12 October 1947 ) was a Welsh trade unionist and Liberal and Labour politician .
Patrick Gwynne ( 1913 - -2003 ) was a British modernist architect with Welsh roots , best known for designing and building The Homewood , which he left to the National Trust in 2003 .
Ciril Cvetko ( 8 January 1920 -- 18 January 1999 ) was a Slovene composer and conductor , brother of the musicologist Dragotin Cvetko .
Thomas Bull ( c. 1605 -- October 12 , 1684 ) , also known as Captain Thomas Bull , was an early settler in the Connecticut Colony who is counted as one of the founders of Hartford , Connecticut .
Edward Wilkinson ( 1846 - -1918 ) was an American naturalist and museum curator .
Harvey H. Cluff ( 1836 - -1916 ) was a business , civic and educational leader in late-19th - century Provo , Utah .
Roderick Macalpine Downie ( ca . 1934 - -1986 ) was an English multihull sailboat designer and sailor .
Carlos Arzani ( 27 November 1909 -- 30 January 1952 ) was an Argentine driver , born in Buenos Aires , who raced private Alfa Romeos , mostly in South America .
George Cedric Wright ( April 13 , 1889 -- 1959 ) was an American violinist and wilderness photographer of the High Sierra .
Duke Nicholas of Württemberg ( German : Herzog Nikolaus von Württemberg ; 1 March 1833 -- 22 February 1903 ) was an officer in the army of the Austrian Empire .
Abram Newman ( 1736 - -1799 ) ( aka Abraham Newman ) was a partner in one of the leading grocers in 18th century London that imported a wide range of produce including tea , coffee , sugar and spices .
Roy Finlayson ( 31 March 1909 -- 19 July 1997 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Mund and Maire , Johannes Ludwig Leopold Mund ( 1791 Berlin - 1831 ) and Louis Maire , also born in Berlin of French parents , were two natural history collectors who arrived in the Cape Colony on 13 October 1816 , and were sponsored by the Museum of Natural History in Berlin .
Haim - Moshe Shapira ( Hebrew : חיים משה שפירא‎ , 26 March 1902 -- 16 July 1970 ) was a key Israeli politician in the early days of the state 's existence .
Francis Rawdon Chesney ( 16 March 1789 -- 30 January 1872 ) was a British general and explorer .
Thomas Baynham ( 1536 - 1611 ) was Lord of the Manor of Clearwell , in the Forest of Dean , Gloucestershire .
Andrew Vázsonyi ( 1916 - -2003 ) , also known as Endre Weiszfeld and Zepartzatt Gozinto ) was a mathematician and operations researcher .
Karl Fabel ( born October 20 , 1905 -- 3 March 1975 Pischertshofen ) is considered to have been one of the most ingenious chess composers .
Dirk Bach ( 23 April 1961 -- 1 October 2012 ) was a German television comedy actor , best known as co - host of Ich bin ein Star --
Nils Holmer ( 1904 - -1994 ) was a Swedish linguist who carried out significant fieldwork into the Scottish Gaelic , in particular the southern dialects of Kintyre , Arran and Argyll and published several key books and articles on the topic .
Sri Paduka Tuanku Sultan Otteman II Perkasa ' Alam Shah ibni al - Marhum Sultan ' Amal ud - din al - Sani Perkasa ' Alam Shah ( 1945 - 1967 ) was a former Sultan of Deli , in which the kingdom 's capital was Medan , in North Sumatra .
Pieter Cramer ( 21 May 1721 ( baptized ) -- 28 September 1776 ) , was a wealthy Dutch merchant in linen and Spanish wool , remembered as an entomologist .
Robert Waithman ( 1764 -- 6 February 1833 ) , Lord Mayor of London , was born at Wrexham .
Sir Edward Bashe ( died 12 May 1653 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1628 and 1640 .
Wanda Błeńska , also spelled Wanda Blenska ( 30 October 1911 -- 27 November 2014 ) , was a Polish leprosy expert and missionary who succeeded to develop the Buluba Hospital in Uganda into an internationally recognized centre for leprosy treatment .
Giulio Quaglio III ( 1764 in Laino -- 30 January 1801 in Munich ) was a scenic designer and architect from a branch of the Quaglio family of artists that moved to Germany in the 18th Century and was the last to be born in the family 's home town .
Paddy Bedford ( circa 1922 -- 14 July 2007 ) , aka `` Goowoomji '' , was a contemporary Indigenous Australian artist from Warmun in the Kimberley , and one of eight Australian artists selected for an architectural commission for the Musée du quai Branly .
Li Xiaowen ( Chinese : 李小文 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xiǎowén ; 2 March 1947 -- 10 January 2015 ) , also known as `` Shoes academician '' ( Chinese : 布鞋院士 ) and `` Sweeping monk '' ( Chinese : 扫地僧 ) , was a Chinese scientist and professor at Beijing Normal University .
Menko Bormanzhinov ( 1855 -- 1919 ) was a Buddhist priest of Kalmyk origin who was born in the Bokshirgankan aimak in the Salsk District of the Don Cossack Host sometime in 1855 .
Saint Perpetuus ( French : Saint - Perpetue ) ( died December 30 , 490 AD ) was the sixth Bishop of Tours , from 460 to 490 .
Vice Admiral Sir ( Frank ) Forrester Rose KCB DSO ( 1878 -- 3 March 1955 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander - in - Chief , East Indies Station .
Reşid Mehmed Pasha , also known as Kütahı ( Greek : Μεχμέτ Ρεσίτ πασάς Κιουταχής , 1780 - -1839 ) , was a prominent Ottoman statesman and general who reached the post of Grand Vizier in the first half of the 19th century , playing an important role in the Greek War of Independence .
Charles Golding Constable ( 1821 - -1878 ) was a member of the British East India Company 's navy , joining up in his youth .
Jacob Philipp Hackert ( 15 September 1737 -- 28 April 1807 ) was a landscape painter from Brandenburg , who did most of his work in Italy .
Ken Carlon ( 5 October 1923 -- 5 January 2004 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Datuk Abdullah Hussain ( 25 March 1920 -- 31 December 2014 ) was a Malaysian novelist and writer .
Mael Ruanaidh Ua Dubhda , died 1005 .
Gailene Stock ( 28 January 1946 -- 29 April 2014 ) CBE AM was an Australian - born ballerina , teacher and Director of the Royal Ballet School in Covent Garden .
Rosario E. Aguilar ( ca . 1792 -- 1847 ) was an early settler of San Diego , California .
Thomas Manners , 1st Earl of Rutland , 12th Baron de Ros of Helmsley ( c. 1492 -- 20 September 1543 ) , KG , of Belvoir Castle , Rutland , was created Earl of Rutland by King Henry VIII in 1525 .
Prince Bernhard of Saxe - Weimar - Eisenach ( Bernhard Carl Alexander Hermann Heinrich Wilhelm Oscar Friedrich Franz Peter ; 18 April 1878 -- 1 October 1900 ) was a member of the Grand Ducal House of Saxe - Weimar - Eisenach and a Lieutenant in the Prussian Army .
Malcolm Fleming , 3rd Lord Fleming ( c. 1494 -- 10 September 1547 ) , was Lord Chamberlain of Scotland to King James V , from 1524 .
Charles Jean Baptiste Collin - Mezin ( 1841 - -1923 ) was a distinguished French maker of violins , violas , cellos , basses and bows .
James Bainham ( died 1532 ) was an English lawyer and Protestant reformer , burned as a heretic in 1532 .
Johannes Thienemann ( 12 November 1863 -- 12 April 1938 ) was a German ornithologist and a pioneer bird bander who established the Rossitten Bird Observatory , the world 's first .
Humayun Ahmed ( pronounced : ( ɦumae̯un aɦmed̪ ) ; 13 November 1948 -- 19 July 2012 ) was a Bangladeshi writer , dramatist , screenwriter and filmmaker .
After the early death of his father , Ocko II tom Brok ( 1407 - -1435 ) was Chieftain of the Brokmerland and the Auricherland in East Frisia ( initially under the guardianship of his grandmother , Foelke ) .
William Henry James Blakemore ( 1871 , in West Midlands Birmingham , England -- 1945 ) was an English engraver , and medallist at the Royal Mint London .
Amon Bazira ( 1944 - -1993 ) was a Pan - Africanist leader and organiser who created an extensive intelligence network that was a clandestine component of the struggle to end the regime of Ugandan military dictator and president , Idi Amin .
Sulev Nõmmik ( 11 January 1931 , in Tallinn -- 28 July 1992 , in Kuressaare ) was an Estonian theatre and movie director , actor , humorist and comedian .
Bidit Lal Das ( 15 June 1938 -- 8 October 2012 ) , commonly known as Potol Babu , was a popular Bangladeshi folk singer and composer from Sylhet .
Tore Johansson ( 19 October 1903 -- 12 May 1971 ) , better known by the stage name Tor Johnson , was a Swedish professional wrestler ( billed as The Super Swedish Angel ) and actor .
Ted Shiels ( 25 June 1908 -- 9 October 1987 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Oskar Halecki ( 26 May 1891 , Vienna -- 17 September 1973 , White Plains , New York ) was a Polish historian , social and Catholic activist .
James Alday ( 1516 - 1576 ? ) was a 16th - century English navigator , explorer and privateer .
Otto Carl Friedrich Westphal ( 1800 -- 1879 ) was a German physician and Geheimer Sanitätsrath ( privy medical counsellor ) .
Francis Tallents ( 1619 - -1708 ) was a non - conforming English Presbyterian clergyman .
After reigning over Hindustani classical music genre , for five decades , as the Queen of Thumri , Shobha Gurtu died on 27 September 2004 , and was survived by her two sons .
Lauriston S. Taylor ( 1 June 1902 - 26 November 2004 ) was an American physicist known for his work in the field of radiation protection and measurement .
Saint Richard Reynolds , O.Ss . S ( c. 1492 -- 4 May 1535 ) was an English Brigittine monk executed in London for refusing the Oath of Supremacy to King Henry VIII of England .
John Freningham ( 1345 - -1410 ) was an English politician and a member of Parliament for Kent .
Augusta Amherst Austen ( 2 August 1827 -- 5 August 1877 ) was a British organist and composer , chiefly of hymns .
Thomas Clifford , 8th Baron de Clifford , also 8th Lord of Skipton ( 25 March 1414 -- 22 May 1455 ) , was the elder son of John , 7th Baron de Clifford , and Elizabeth Percy , daughter of Henry `` Hotspur '' Percy and Elizabeth Mortimer .
Sir Arthur Lasenby Liberty ( 13 August 1843 -- 11 May 1917 ) was a London merchant , and the founder of Liberty & Co. Born in Chesham , Buckinghamshire , England , the son of a draper , he began work at sixteen with an uncle who sold lace , and later another uncle who sold wine .
Katriel Katz was an Israeli diplomat who died in 1988 at the age of 80 .
William Herbert , 1st Baron Powis ( c.1573 -- 7 March 1655 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1629 .
George Edward Hughes ( 8 June 1918 -- 4 March 1994 ) was a philosopher and logician whose principal scholarly works were concerned with modal logic and medieval philosophy .
John Bernard O'Hara ( 29 October 1862 - 31 March 1927 ) was an Australian poet and schoolmaster .
Ralph de Diceto ( d. ca . 1202 ) was archdeacon of Middlesex , dean of St Paul 's Cathedral ( from ca . 1180 ) , and author of two chronicles , the Abbreviationes chronicorum and the Ymagines historiarum .
Adrian Hearn ( 16 March 1920 -- 18 October 1993 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Alwyn Lindsay ( 4 June 1923 -- 24 August 2001 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Mike McCluskie ( ? -1871 ) was a little - known gambler and occasional lawman from Ohio , who was the instigator of the Gunfight at Hide Park , which took place on August 19 , 1871 , in Newton , Kansas .
Jan Janz Slop , or Jan Slob ( 1643 , Edam -- 1727 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Constantin Tobescu ( 1893 -- 1951 ) was a Romanian general of the Romanian Gendarmerie ( Jandarmeria ) during World War II , deserter on August 23 , 1944 , one of the principal executors of Antonescu 's racial purity policies .
John Boyd Dunlop ( 5 February 1840 -- 23 October 1921 ) was a Scottish - born and educated inventor and veterinary surgeon who spent most of his career in Ireland .
John Wharlton Bunney ( 20 June 1828 -- 23 September 1882 ) was an English topographical and landscape artist of the nineteenth century .
Lieutenant General Edward Wolfe ( 1685 - -26 March 1759 ) was a British army officer who saw action in the War of the Spanish Succession , 1715 Jacobite Rebellion and the War of Jenkins Ear .
Lloyd Chandler ( 1896 - -1978 ) was an American Appalachian Folk musician and Free Will Baptist preacher from Madison County , North Carolina .
Abundius of Umbria ( died 303 ) was a deacon and martyr during the Diocletian persecution .
John Fursdon , in religion Cuthbert ( died 1638 ) , was an English Benedictine monk .
John St Clair , Master of Sinclair ( 5 December 1683 -- 2 November 1750 ) was a Scottish noble and Tory politician .
Janusz Kurczab ( 6 September 1937 -- 11 April 2015 ) was a Polish fencer , mountaineer and expedition leader .
Alan Solem , full name George Alan Solem ( 21 June 1931 -- 26 . March 1990 ) was an American malacologist , a biologist who studied mollusks .
William Parr , 1st Baron Parr of Horton ( c. 1483 -- 10 September 1547 ) was the son of William Parr , 1st Baron Parr of Kendal and his second wife , the Hon . Elizabeth Fitzhugh , later Lady Vaux of Harrowden .
John Handfield ( circa 1693 - 1787 ) was a British military officer , member of the Nova Scotia Council , and office holder .
Frederick W. Stavely ( 1894 - 1976 ) was a researcher at the Firestone Tire & Rubber Company who in 1953 , while investigating the reaction of butyl lithium on butadiene discovered that polymerization of isoprene with metallic lithium produced polyisoprene ( dubbed `` coral rubber '' because of its appearance ) with a high cis content .
Pessah Bar - Adon ( Hebrew : פסח בר - אדון ; b. 1907 , d. 1985 ) was a Polish - born , Israeli archaeologist and writer .
Sir Thomas Bathe , 1st Baron Louth ( died 1478 ) , was an Irish peer and judge of the fifteenth century .
John Burdett Wittenoom ( 24 October 1788 -- 23 January 1855 ) was a colonial clergyman who was the second Anglican clergyman to perform religious services in the Swan River Colony , Australia , soon after its establishment in 1829 .
Mahendradatta ( 961 - -1011 CE ) , also known as Gunapriyadharmapatni , was the queen of Bali , the queen consort of Udayana Warmadewa , also popularly known as King Udayana from Warmadewa dynasty .
George Adams Kaufmann , also George Adams and George von Kaufmann , ( 8 February 1894 , Maryampol , Galicia , then part of the Austro - Hungarian Empire -- 30 March 1963 , Edgbaston , UK ) was a British mathematician , translator and anthroposophist .
Mina Klabin Warchavchik ( born 1896 - death 1969 ) was a Brazilian landscape architect .
Pat Darling ( born 31 August 1913 , Casino , New South Wales , Australia -- died 2007 ) was an Australian servicewoman and nursing sister with the 2/10th Australian General Hospital .
Irene McCormack RSJ ( 21 August 1938 -- 21 May 1991 ) was an Australian member of the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart who worked as a missionary in Peru .
Johannes Klencke , van Klenck or Klenckius ( bapt . 5 March 1620 , Amsterdam - early 1672 , Batavia , Dutch East Indies ) was a Dutch teacher in philosophy at the Athenaeum Illustre in Amsterdam .
Frédéric Pelletier ( 1 May 1870 -- 30 May 1944 ) was a Canadian choir conductor , music educator , composer , music critic , journalist , civil servant , military officer , and physician .
John Humphreys Davies ( 15 April 1871 -- 10 August 1926 ) was a Welsh lawyer , bibliographer and educator .
Aemilia Laracuen ( Emilia MacKinley ) ( 1925 -- 2007 ) was an American artist and muse of poet Robert Graves Aemilia Laracuen inspired many of Graves 's love poems and was also the illustrator of one of his best - known poetry anthologies , Love Respelt .
Szymon Goldberg ( 1 June 1909 -- 19 July 1993 ) was a Polish - born classical violinist and conductor , latterly an American .
Gómez González de Manzanedo ( died 12 October 1182 ) was a Castilian magnate who governed Calahorra and defended the border with Navarre in the 1150s and 1160s .
Enrico Coleman ( 21 June 1846 -- 14 February 1911 ) was an Italian painter of British nationality .
Edmund the Martyr ( also known as St Edmund or Edmund of East Anglia , died 20 November 869 ) was king of East Anglia from about 855 until his death .
Richard Charles Guthridge ( 11 June 1837 -- 13 October 1934 ) was a British merchant seaman and was recognised in 1998 by the Premier of Victoria in Australia as one of the earliest and most significant pioneers of the State .
Ralph Latham ( 17 October 1924 -- 11 June 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hilderic ( 460s -- 533 ) was the penultimate king of the Vandals and Alans in North Africa in Late Antiquity ( 523 - -530 ) .
Massimo Pilotti ( 1 August 1879 -- 29 April 1962 ) was an Italian jurist and judge .
Pierre Labatut , also known as Pedro Labatut ( Cannes 1776 - Salvador 1849 ) was a French general who fought in the Brazilian War of Independence .
Lillias Rumsey Sanford ( 1850 - 1940 ) was the founder of Rumsey Hall School , the second private nondenominational pre - preparatory school in the United States , originally located in Seneca Falls , New York .
Mercy Williams ( Malayalam:മേഴ്സി വില്ല്യംസ് ; c. 1947 -- 19 November 2014 ) , a teacher turned politician , was the 16th Mayor of Kochi , Kerala , and the first woman to hold that position in Kochi .
Tore Hedin ( 7 January 1927 -- 22 August 1952 ) was a Swedish mass murderer , spree killer and police officer .
Shi Zhi ( Chinese : 石祇 ; died 351 ) was briefly , for about one year , an emperor of the Chinese / Jie state Later Zhao .
Lena Smedsaas ( 20 March 1951 -- 6 January 2014 ) was a Swedish journalist and writer .
Eustace the Monk ( Old French : Eustache le Moine ; c. 1170 -- 24 August 1217 ) , born Eustace Busket , was a mercenary and pirate , in the tradition of medieval outlaws .
Mustafa Rahi , ( 1931 - -1986 ) was a poet of classical and neo classical Urdu Ghazal from Pakistan .
Silas Tertius Rand Bill ( September 9 , 1842 in Liverpool , Nova Scotia- December 1890 ) was a Nova Scotia born politician , merchant , shipowner and glass sculptor .
Ormond Aebi ( 1916 -- July 2004 ) was an American beekeeper who was reported to have set the world 's record for honey obtained from a single hive in one year , 1974 , when 404 pounds of honey were harvested , breaking an unofficial 80-year - old record of 303 pounds held by A. I. Root .
Hannibal Potter ( 1592 - -1664 ) was an English clergyman and college head in Oxford during the First English Civil War .
Bartolomé Maximiliano Moré ( 24 August 1919 -- 19 February 1963 ) , known as Benny Moré , was a famous Cuban singer .
Abu al - Abbas al - Azafi or in full Abu al - Abbas Ahmad abu Abdallah Muhammad ibn Ahmad al - Lakhmi al - Sabti ( 1162 - -1236 ) was a religious and legal scholar and member of the Banu al - Azafi who ruled Ceuta in the 13th century .
Fan Changjiang ( simplified Chinese : 范长江 ; traditional Chinese : 范長江 ; 6 October 1909 -- 23 October 1970 ) , born Fan Xitian ( 范希天 ) , was a Chinese journalist and writer .
Basil Salvadore D'Souza ( Konkani : बासिल साल्वादोर डी सोझा ( Devanagari ) , ಬಸಿಲ್ ಸಲ್ವದೊರೆ ದ ಒಜ ( Kannada ) ; 23 May 1926 -- 5 September 1996 ) was the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangalore from 22 March 1965 until his death on 5 September 1996 .
Olof Åhlström ( 15 August 1756 -- 11 August 1835 ) was a Swedish civil servant , composer and music publisher .
Adolf Bastian ( 26 June 1826 -- 2 February 1905 ) was a 19th - century polymath best remembered for his contributions to the development of ethnography and the development of anthropology as a discipline .
Hui Cheung - ching , SBS , JP ( 4 September 1942 , Puning , Guangdong , China -- 6 January 2005 , Hong Kong ) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong in 1998 - -2004 for the Import and Export constituency .
Karl Jónsson ( 1135 - -1213 ) was an Icelandic writer , poet and clergyman .
Isa Meireles ( c. 1932 -- 27 August 2008 ) was a Portuguese journalist , reporter and writer .
Roland Shaw , born Roland Edgar Shaw - Tomkins , ( 26 May 1920 - 11 May 2012 ) was an English composer , musical arranger , and orchestra leader .
Prof William Mackay Davidson FRSE RSM ( 1909 - 1991 ) was a Scottish pathologist , haematologist and expert on human chromosomes .
Francesco Laudadio ( 2 January 1950 -- 6 April 2005 ) was an Italian director , screenwriter and producer .
Makhdoom Jahaniyan Jahangasht ( مخدوم سید جہانیاں جہانگشت البخاری ) ( b 1308- d 1384 ) was a famous Sufi saint from the South Asia .
Ferdinand August Maria Franz von Ritgen ( 11 October 1787 -- 14 April 1867 ) was a German obstetrician born in the Westphalian village of Wulfen ( now part of Dorsten ) .
Sabri Kalkandelen ( 1862 , Kalkandelen , Ottoman Empire -- 8 April 1943 , Istanbul , Turkey ) was a poet and chief of the Istanbul Imperial Library .
William Cornysh the Younger ( also spelled Cornyshe or Cornish ) ( 1465 -- October 1523 ) was an English composer , dramatist , actor , and poet .
Juan de Tecto ( born in Ghent , 1468 ; died in Honduras , 1526 ) was a Flemish missionary to the New World .
Per Lütken was a Danish glassmaker ( 1916 - -1998 ) , most famous for his works at Holmegaard Glass Factory ( `` Holmegaard Glasværk '' in Danish ) .
Vlado Singer ( born ; 21 October 1908 -- October 1943 ) was a Kingdom of Yugoslavia politician and a prominent member of the Croatian Ustaše movement .
Karl Touton ( 2 May 1858 , Alzey -- 27 September 1934 , Wiesbaden ) was a German dermatologist and amateur botanist .
Wilson Roy Wheeler ( 1905 - 1988 ) was an Australian postman and professional ornithologist .
Vladimir Davydov ( December 14 ( O.S. December 2 ) 1871 -- December 27 ( O.S. December 14 ) 1906 ) was the second son of Lev and Alexandra Davidov and nephew , as well as lover , of the composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky , who called him `` Bob '' .
Ni Yuanlu ( Chinese : 倪元璐 ; pinyin : Ní Yuánlù ; Wade -- Giles : Ni Yüan - lu ; ca . 1593 - 1644 ) was a high - ranking official , calligrapher , and painter during the Ming dynasty of Chinese history .
Gerald Vann , O.P. ( 24 August 1906 - 14 July 1963 ) was a British Roman Catholic theologian and philosopher .
Daniel Watson ( c 1617 - June 1683 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660 .
Roberto Frassinelli ( 1811 - -1887 ) was a German archaeologist , naturalist , bibliophile , and a draftsman .
James Cornwalsh ( died 1441 ) was an Irish judge who held the office of Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer .
Rajendra Kumar Tuli ( 20 July 1929 -- 12 July 1999 ) was an Indian film actor who starred in Bollywood films .
Stoigniew ( died October 16 , 955 ) was an Obotrite leader , reigning in the middle of the tenth century .
Alberto Jonás ( June 8 , 1868 , Madrid -- November 10 , 1943 , Philadelphia ) was a Spanish pianist , composer , and piano pedagogue .
Dame Julia Myra Hess , DBE ( 25 February 1890 -- 25 November 1965 ) was a British pianist .
Aina Erlander ( born Andersson ; 28 September 1902 -- 24 February 1990 ) was a Swedish lecturer .
Bruce Belfrage ( 30 October 1900 -- August 1974 ) was an English actor , BBC newsreader and British Liberal Party politician .
Anthony , Duke of Brabant , also known as Antoine de Brabant , Antoine de Bourgogne and Anthony of Burgundy ( August 1384 -- 25 October 1415 , at the battle of Agincourt ) , was Duke of Brabant , Lothier and Limburg .
Isidoro Diéguez Dueñas ( 19 January 1909 -- 21 January 1942 ) was a Spanish bricklayer who joined the Spanish Communist Party , fought in the Spanish Civil War ( 1936 - -39 ) and went into exile .
On the night of 30 June/1 July 1999 , in the operations to capture Point 4812 , Lieutenant Keishing Clifford Nongrum was tasked to assault the feature from South - Eastern direction .
Claude Cornish ( 31 August 1888 -- 25 June 1975 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Professor Hellmut Wolff ( 30 March 1906 - 22 March 1986 ) , was a German academic , mystic , Germanic revivalist , and most notably a Pendulum dowser .
José Joaquín de Viana ( 1718 - -1773 ) was a Spanish military and political figure , Governor of Montevideo between 1751 and 1764 and 1771 and 1773 .
Tibor Gánti ( 10 September 1933 -- 15 April 2009 ) was a Hungarian theoretical biologist and biochemist , who is best known for the chemoton , a model for defining the minimal nature of life .
Jan Boldingh ( 3 January 1915 , Buitenzorg -- 4 August 2003 , Schiedam ) was a noted Dutch chemist .
William Lowther , 1st Earl of Lonsdale KG ( 29 December 1757 -- 19 March 1844 ) was a British Tory politician and nobleman .
William Plender , 1st Baron Plender GCB JP DL ( 20 August 1861 -- 19 January 1946 ) , known as Sir William Plender between 1911 and 1923 and as Sir William Plender , Bt , between 1923 and 1931 , was a British chartered accountant and public servant .
Charles Henry Hamilton Wright ( 9 March 1836 , Dublin -- 22 March 1909 ) was an Irish Anglican clergyman .
Tawfiq Canaan ( Arabic : توفيق كنعان‎ ) ( 24 September 1882 -- 15 January 1964 ) was a pioneering physician , medical researcher , ethnographer and Palestinian nationalist .
Jane Evans ( 1907 - -2004 ) was the Executive Director of the National Federation of Temple Sisterhoods ( now the Women of Reform Judaism ) from 1933 to 1976 .
Rudra Pratap Singh ( died 1531 ) was the founder and first raja of the kingdom that became the princely state of Orchha , India , during the British Raj era .
Jean Chamoux ( 1925 - -2007 ) was a French photographer who started his career during World War II in the Savoyard bush .
Írgalach mac Conaing Cuirre ( died 702 ) , also called Írgalach ua Conaing , was a King of Brega from the Uí Chonaing sept of Cnogba ( Knowth ) of the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill .
William Leader Maberly ( 1798 - -1885 ) spent most of his life as a British army officer and Whig politician .
Albert Worthy ( 1 November 1905 -- 1 February 1978 ) was an English professional footballer who made 332 appearances in the Football League playing for Chesterfield , Lincoln City , Southend United and Rochdale .
Andrew Pryce Jackman ( 1946 -- 16 August 2003 ) was a keyboard player and arranger .
Leslie Edgley ( 1912 - -2002 ) was a mystery fiction writer .
Louis H. Asbury ( 1877 - -1975 ) was an American architect , a leading architect of Charlotte , North Carolina .
Gérard Debreu ( French : ( dəbʁø ) ; 4 July 1921 -- 31 December 2004 ) was a French - born American economist and mathematician .
Zachary Hickes ( 1739 -- 25 May 1771 ) was a Royal Navy officer , second - in - command on Lieutenant James Cook 's first voyage to the Pacific and the first among Cook 's crew to sight mainland Australia .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( /hɜːrn/ ; 27 June 1850 -- 26 September 1904 ) , known also by the Japanese name Koizumi Yakumo ( 小泉 八雲 ) , was an international writer , known best for his books about Japan , especially his collections of Japanese legends and ghost stories , such as Kwaidan :
Charles Cornwallis , 1st Earl Cornwallis PC ( 29 March 1700 -- 23 June 1762 ) , styled The Honourable Charles Cornwallis until 1722 and known as The Lord Cornwallis between 1722 and 1753 , was a British peer .
Jack Vinall ( 16 December 1910 -- 26 May 1997 ) was a footballer and a member of the Norwich City Hall of Fame .
John Lorenzo Christian ( 15 July 1895 - 28 June 1984 ) served as Chief Magistrate of the British Overseas Territory of Pitcairn Island , twice , in 1952 - 54 and 1961 - 66 .
Rabbi Moshe Shmuel Glasner ( 1856 - -1924 ) , a Hungarian Talmudic scholar and communal leader , served as chief rabbi of Klausenburg ( Kolozsvár in Humgarian , Cluj in Romanian ) from 1877 to 1923 .
Hong Shen ( Chinese : 洪深 ; Wade -- Giles : Hung Shen ; 31 December 1894 -- 29 August 1955 ) was a Chinese playwright , film director and screenwriter , film and drama theorist , and educator .
David Dietz ( October 6 , 1897 -- December 9 , 1984 ) was an American science journalist and author .
Pan Guangdan ( Chinese : 潘光旦 ; 1898 - -1967 ) known in English as Quentin Pan , was one of the most distinguished sociologists and eugenicists of China .
Cynthia Longfield ( 16 August 1896 -27 June 1991 ) was an expert on the dragonfly and an explorer .
Estelle Liebling ( April 21 , 1880 -- 1970 ) was a vocal coach who taught singing using the three - register method .
Giovanni Bernardino Nanino ( ca . 1560 -- 1623 ) was an Italian composer , teacher and singing master of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras , and a leading member of the Roman School of composers .
Egidio De Maulo ( 4 September 1840 -- 1904 ) was an Italian painter mainly of landscapes and still lifes .
Christine Glanville ( 28 October 1924 -- 1 March 1999 ) was an English puppeteer who spent much of her professional life contributing to television series produced by Gerry Anderson .
Sir William Duff - Gordon , 2nd Baronet ( 8 April 1772 -- 8 March 1823 ) , known as William Gordon until 1815 , was a Scottish politician .
Reverend Sir Charles Clarke , 2nd Baronet was born 15 June 1812 and died 25 April 1899 .
Maud Sulter ( 19 September 1960 -- 27 February 2008 ) was a contemporary fine artist and writer of Ghanaian and Scottish heritage who lived and worked in Britain .
James Tuite ( 14 November 1849 -- 6 October 1916 ) was an Irish watchmaker and politician .
Ernest Duchesne ( 30 May 1874 -- 12 April 1912 ) was a French physician who noted that certain molds kill bacteria .
Willy Birgel ( 19 September 1891 -- 29 December 1973 ) , born Wilhelm Maria Birgel , was a German theatre and film actor .
Reginald Purdell ( 4 November 1895 -- 22 April 1953 ) was an English actor and screenwriter who appeared in over 40 films between 1930 and 1951 .
Johan Henrik Virkkunen ( 1917 - 1963 ) was a Finnish organizational theorist and Professor of Accounting at the Helsinki School of Economics , whose 1954 textbook Laskentatoimijohdon apuna ( Accounting as a Tool of Management ) influenced Finnish accountancy thinking for decades .
Heinrich Dernburg ( 3 March 1829 -- 25 November 1907 ) was a German jurist , professor , and politician .
Minnie Devereaux ( 1891 - -1984 ) was a Canadian silent film actress .
Augustus Volney Waller FRS ( 21 December 1816 -- 18 September 1870 ) was a British neurophysiologist .
Joel Munsell ( born Northfield , Massachusetts , 14 April 1808 ; died Albany , New York , 15 January 1880 ) was a United States printer , publisher and author .
Edward John Burrow ( 1785 -- 8 August 1861 ) was an English divine and miscellaneous writer .
Ahmed al - Gaddafi al - Qahsi ( died 26 July 2011 ) was the cousin of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi .
Archibald Pitcairne or Pitcairn ( 25 December 1652 -- 20 October 1713 ) was a Scottish physician .
Abraham van den Blocke ( 1572 -- 31 January 1628 ) was an architect and sculptor .
John Till Allingham ( fl . 1799 - -1810 ) was an English dramatist .
Peire Raimon de Tolosa or Toloza ( fl . 1180 - -1220 ) was a troubadour from the merchant class of Toulouse .
Will J. Quinlan ( William James Quinlan , 3rd , 1877 - -1963 ) , artist , was born in Brooklyn on June 27 , 1877 .
Sir William Mather ( 15 July 1838 -- 18 September 1920 ) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1904 .
Kelly Bryant ( August 28 , 1908 - October 1975 ) served as the Democratic secretary of state of the U.S. state of Arkansas from 1963 until his death nearly thirteen years later .
Alexander Home , 3rd Lord Home ( died 1516 ) was a Scottish soldier and nobleman , Chamberlain of Scotland and March Warden .
Joseph Leary ( 1831 - -1881 ) , Australian politician , elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly .
Anthony Champney ( c. 1569 in England -- c. 1643 in England ) was an English Roman Catholic priest and controversialist .
Ran Bosilek ( Bulgarian : Ран Босилек ) ( 26 September 1886 in Gabrovo -- 8 October 1958 in Sofia ) , born Gencho Stanchev Negentsov ( Bulgarian : Генчо Станчев Негенцов ) , was a Bulgarian author of children 's books .
Chris Pavlou ( 18 August 1939 -- 15 January 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League between 1958 and 1961 .
Leonard Hugh Newman , ( 3 February 1909 - 23 January 1993 ) always known as L. Hugh Newman , was a British entomologist , author and broadcaster .
Jack Hanbury was a British film producer ( died Jan. 1968 ) .
Richard Paternoster ( 14 October 1802 - 21 July 1892 ) was an English civil servant in the East India Company , barrister and founder of the Alleged Lunatics ' Friend Society , an organisation that exposed abuses in lunatic asylums and campaigned for the reform of the lunacy laws .
Bartholomaeus of Neocastro ( c. 1240 -- after 1293 ) was an Italian jurist , and author of a chronicle called the Historia Sicula , which covers the years from 1250 to 1293 .
Dave Feickert ( 13 December 1946 -- 2 July 2014 ) was an international mines safety advisor .
David Chilton Phillips , Baron Phillips of Ellesmere , KBE , FRS ( 7 March 1924 -- 23 February 1999 ) was a pioneering structural biologist and an influential figure in science and government .
James Payn ( /peɪn/ ; 28 February 1830 -- 25 March 1898 ) , was an English novelist .
Li Xilie ( 李希烈 ) ( died May 9 , 786 ) was a general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who , believing himself to be strong enough to claim imperial title , did so as the emperor of a new state of Chu .
Olaf Helset ( 28 July 1892 -- 21 August 1960 ) was a Norwegian military officer with the rank of Major General , and a sports administrator .
Patrick Stone ( 14 March 1854 -- 23 December 1926 ) was a Member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1901 to 1904 , and from 1905 to 1908 .
Louis Friant ( 18 September 1758 -- 24 June 1829 ) was born in the village of Morlancourt , 8 km south of Albert near the river Somme .
S. Kanapathipillai ( 27 June 1899 -- 13 March 1986 ) was a minority Sri Lankan Tamil literary figure and Hindu revivalist in the school of Arumuga Navalar .
Hannah Lamdan ( Hebrew : חנה למדן‎ , born Hannah Lerner on 5 January 1905 , died 10 April 1995 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for several left - wing parties between 1949 and 1965 .
Sir Berney Brograve , 1st Baronet ( 10 October 1726 - 23 February 1797 ) was the eldest son and heir of Thomas Brograve ( 1691 - -1753 ) of Great Baddow , Essex , and his wife Juliana Berney .
Marvin Mudrick ( 1921 -- 1986 ) taught at UC Santa Barbara from 1949 until his death in October 1986 .
Andreas de Escobar ( 1348 - 1448 ) was a Portuguese Benedictine theologian .
Sam Melberg ( 9 September 1912 -- 11 November 1998 ) was a Norwegian sports diver and sports instructor .
Predrag Radovanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Предраг Радовановић ) ( 27 March 1911 -- 1 August 1964 ) was a Serbian footballer and coach .
Sergey Yustinovich Bagotsky ( Russian : Серге́й Юстинович Багоцкий ; 15 February 1879 - 15 March 1953 ) was a Russian Marxist revolutionary and Soviet medicine and Red Cross diplomat , Soviet head of the Red Cross representative mission to Geneva from 1918 to 1936 .
Joseph Deharbe ( 11 April 1800 at Strasbourg , Alsace -- 8 November 1871 at Maria - Laach ) was a French Jesuit theologian and catechist .
Fritz Arno Wagner ( 5 December 1889 -- 18 August 1958 ) is considered one of the most acclaimed German cinematographers from the 1920s to the 1950s .
Charles Brunsdon Fletcher ( 5 August 1859 -- 17 December 1946 ) was an English - born Australian surveyor and journalist who served as the editor of the Sydney Morning Herald for twenty years .
Robert Brandard ( Birmingham 1805 - -1862 ) was an English landscape engraver .
Marek Kubliński ( 27 September 1931 -- 4 October 1950 ) was a Polish boy scout and a Cracow high - school student whose fame rests on his activities as an anticommunist freedom fighter .
Indra Bania ( Assamese : ইন্দ্ৰ বনিয়া‎ ; 24 December 1942 -- 25 March 2015 ) was an Indian theatre actor , playwright , film actor and director from Assam .
Philippa of Luxembourg ( 1252 -- 6 April 1311 ) was the daughter of Count Henry V of Luxembourg and his wife , Marguerite of Bar .
Ewald Straesser ( Sträßer ) ( 27 June 1867 -- 4 April 1933 ) was a German composer of classical music .
Pedro Hinojosa ( 31 January 1822 , Matamoros , Tamaulipas - 5 March 1903 , Matamoros ) was a Mexican politician and military general who combated in the Mexican--
Markus Eberhard Emminger ( 21 October 1808 , Biberach an der Riß - 27 November 1885 , Biberach an der Riß ) was a German lithographer and landscape painter .
Bernard Gribble ( 15 May 1927 -- 15 September 2004 ) was a British film editor who , between 1948 and 2003 , worked on nearly a hundred theatrical and made - for - TV films , among them :
Justin Matthews ( 1876 - -1955 ) was an Arkansas road and bridge builder as well as real estate developer .
Henry Edgar ( 1698 - -1765 ) was a Scottish Episcopal minister who served as the Bishop of Fife from 1762 to 1765 .
Commander Harry Pursey ( 1891 -- 13 December 1980 ) was a British politician and naval officer , who began his career as a boy seaman and served as a Member of Parliament for twenty - five years .
Zenón Martínez García ( died 2010 ) was a Mexican potter from Tlaquepaque , Jalisco recognized for his figurines .
He may have been alive as late as 1690 , as author Caleb Johnson reports that in that year , he provided a note to Bradford 's History of Plymouth Plantation stating that `` Two persons living that came over in the first ship in 1620 , this present year 1690 : Resolved White and Mary Cushman . ''
Christian I , Prince of Anhalt - Bernburg , also known as Christian of Anhalt , ( 11 May 1568 -- 17 April 1630 ) was a German prince of the House of Ascania .
Sudha Shivpuri ( 14 July 1937 -- 20 May 2015 ) was an Indian actress who was most famous for her role as Baa in the Hindi TV serial Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi ( 2000 - -2008 ) .
Octavio M. Salati ( 1914 - 2001 ) was Professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania in the field of Electromagnetic Compatibility .
Menahem Shemuel Halevy ( 1884 - -1940 ) was a prominent Iranian Rabbi of the early 20th century .
Arvid Andersen ( 1909 -- 31 October 1970 ) was a Danish violinist , conductor , and composer .
William Henry Bateson ( 1812 , Liverpool , Lancashire -- 1881 Cambridge , Cambridgeshire ) was a British scholar and , from 1857 until 1881 , Master of St John 's College , Cambridge .
Max McGraw ( 1 February 1883 -- 26 October 1964 ) was an American entrepreneur who founded McGraw - Edison and Centel .
Robert Morton Nance ( 1873 - -1959 ) was a leading authority on the Cornish language , nautical archaeologist , and joint founder of the Old Cornwall Society .
Thomas Horace Fuller ( ca . 1816 -- August 24 , 1861 ) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia .
Abba bar Pappai was a Jewish Amora ( scholar ) , of the fourth century CE , who died in 375 .
Geoffrey Owen Whittaker , OBE , ( c. 1932 -- 24 February 2015 ) was a British civil servant .
Valentine Dencausse ( 20 May 1871 -- 16 February 1954 ) was probably the most famous chiromancer in Paris during the first half of the 20th century , under the name of `` Madame Fraya '' .
Sevas Hanum ( died May 1990 ) , was a Greek singer .
John Eddie Mullan ( 27 April 1923 -- 14 December 2008 ) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1940s and 1950s .
Bal Gangadhar Tilak ( or Lokmanya Tilak , pronunciation ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920 ) , born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak , was an Indian nationalist , teacher , social reformer , lawyer and an independence activist .
William Beresford Inglis ( died 1967 ) was a Scottish architect .
Olive Mudie - Cooke ( 1890 - 11 September 1925 ) was a British artist who is best known for the paintings she created during the First World War .
Gysbert Japiks or Japicx ( 1603 - -1666 ) was a Frisian writer , poet , schoolmaster , and cantor .
Reverend Francis Orpen Morris ( 25 March 1810 -- 10 February 1893 ) was an Irish clergyman , notable as `` parson - naturalist '' ( ornithologist and entomologist ) and as the author of many children 's books and books on natural history and heritage buildings .
José Joaquín Casimiro Olañeta y Güemes ( 1795 - 1860 ) was a nephew of Pedro Antonio Olañeta who , after working for him , turned against his uncle in favor of Bolivian independence .
Philip Morant ( 6 October 1700 in Jersey -- 25 November 1770 in Battersea ) was an English clergyman , author and historian .
Vilhelm Herman Oluf Madsen ( 11 April 1844 -- 14 June 1917 ) , was a Danish politician , minister , army officer , businessman and inventor .
Du Zhongyuan ( 1895 - -1943 ) was one of China 's best - known wartime journalists , having reported in great detail on the Japanese invasion and occupation of China during the Second Sino - Japanese War .
Hayır Bey ( sometimes spelled Kha'ir Bey ; died 1522 ) ruled Egypt in the name of the Ottoman Empire from 1517 until his death in 1522 .
Frank William Erickson ( 1 September 1923 Spokane -- 21 October 1996 ) was an American composer , conductor , arranger , writer , and trumpet player .
William Paullin ( born in Philadelphia , 3 April 1812 ; died there , 1 December 1871 ) was a United States balloonist ( or aeronaut as they were called then ) .
George Van Dyne ( 1933 - 1981 ) was a pioneer of systems ecology and served as the first director of the Natural Resource Ecology Laboratory in the USA .
Colonel John George Nathaniel Gibbes ( 30 March 1787 -- 5 July 1873 ) was a British army officer who emigrated to Australia in 1834 , becoming a Crown - appointed member of the New South Wales Legislative Council and the Collector of Customs for the Colony of New South Wales for a record term of 25 years .
The Reverend Moses Rintel , S.J.M. , ( 1823 -- 9 May 1880 ) was a Jewish Rabbi in colonial Victoria ( Australia ) who established the first Beth din ( rabbinical court ) in the British empire outside London .
Nathaniel St André ( c.1680 - -March 1776 ) was a Swiss physician who practised in England .
John Frescheville , 1st Baron Frescheville ( 4 December 1607 -- 31 March 1682 ) was an English soldier , landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1628 and 1665 when he was created a peer and then sat in the House of Lords .
Joshua Arthur Rodrigues Brandon ( 9 February 1822 , London -- 11 December 1847 , 11 Beaufort Buildings , Strand ) was an English architect and author .
William Berkeley , 4th Baron Berkeley of Stratton PC , PC ( I ) ( d. 24 March 1741 ) , was a British politician and judge , of the Bruton branch of the Berkeley family .
Ramon d'Abella ( fl . 1389 - -1401 ) was a Catalan military leader and royal councillor under John I and Martin of the Crown of Aragon .
Xi Zuochi ( after 316 - -384 ) , courtesy name Yanwei , was a Jin dynasty historian native to Xiangyang , Hubei .
Cornelius Smelt ( August 1748 -- 28 November 1832 ) was an administrator who served as Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man from 1805 until his death in 1832 .
Brother Fernando de la Fuente de la Fuente ( 16 December 1943 -- 31 October 1996 ) was a Spanish Marist Brother and missionary who was one of four Marist Brothers martyred at the Nyamirangwe refugee camp , Zaire .
Roy Rich ( 16 September 1911 - 24 March 1970 ) was a British broadcaster and film and theatre director .
Gangadhar Balkrushna Sardar ( Devanagari : गंगाधर बाळकृष्ण सरदार ) ( 1908 - -1988 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Pierre de Villiers Pienaar ( 1904 - -1978 ) was an South African Afrikaans academic and Professor at University of the Witwatersrand ( Wits ) and later at University of Pretoria , who pioneered Speech Language Therapy in South Africa and specialising in Audiology and Lexicography as well as being an Afrikaans author .
Blessed Francisca de Paula de Jesus , also known as Nhá Chica ( Aunt Francie , in Portuguese , 1810 - - 14 June 1895 ) , was born in Santo Antônio do Rio das Mortes Pequeno , neighborhood of the Brazilian city of São João del - Rei , where she was also baptized .
Sir George Herbert Duckworth CB FSA ( 5 March 1868 -- 27 April 1934 ) was an English public servant .
Joseph - Antoine - Charles Couderc ( 10 March 1810 -- 16 April 1875 ) was a French operatic tenor ( and later baritone ) prominent on the stages of the Opéra - Comique in Paris where he created numerous roles .
Sigurd Eldegard ( 10 July 1866 -- 30 January 1950 ) was a Norwegian actor , playwright and theatre director .
Sir Thomas McCall Anderson ( 1836 - -1908 ) was a professor of practice of medicine , at the University of Glasgow .
Edward Holton James ( 1873 - -1954 ) was an American socialist .
Henry Bryan Ziegler ( 1798 - -1874 ) was a British artist , known as a landscape and portrait painter .
Thomas Thornley ( 1 Apr 1781 -- 4 May 1862 ) was a British Liberal Party politician .
Harold Shapinsky ( May 21 , 1925 -- January 31 , 2004 ) was an American abstract expressionist painter , born in Brooklyn , New York .
Kostas Skarvelis ( 1880 -- 8 April 1942 ) was a Greek composer of popular music , οf the genre of rembetiko ( ρεμπέτικο ) in particular .
Gustave Léonard de Jonghe , Gustave Léonard De Jonghe or Gustave de Jonghe ( 4 February 1829 - 28 January 1893 ) was a Belgian painter known for his glamorous society portraits and genre scenes .
Eleonora Rossi Drago , born Palmira Omiccioli , ( 23 September 1925 -- 2 December 2007 ) was an Italian film actress .
Adolph Strasser ( 1843 - 1939 ) , born in the Austro - Hungarian empire , was an American trade union organizer .
Antonio Maria Haffner ( 1654 - -1704 ) was an Italian painter of quadratura and priest during the Baroque period , active mainly in Bologna .
John Hoesli ( 8 March 1919 -- March 1997 ) was a British art and set decorator .
John Christmas Beckwith ( 25 December 1750 , Norwich -- 3 June 1809 ) was an English organist and composer .
Richard Irvine Bentley ( 1 January 1854 -- 1909 ) was the superintendent to the British Columbia provincial Asylum for the Insane and medical officer to the New Westminster Gaol .
Dafydd ab Owain Gwynedd ( born c. 1145-died 1203 ) was Prince of Gwynedd from 1170 to 1195 .
The Reverend John Brodie Innes ( 26 December 1815 -- 19 October 1894 ) , John Innes before 1862 , was a clergyman who became a close friend of Charles Darwin at Downe in Kent , and remained a friendly correspondent for the rest of Darwin 's life .
Marco Antonio Andino Flores ( 25 April 1955 -- 9 August 2015 ) was a Honduran politician and lawyer .
Jan Willem van Otterloo ( 27 December 1907 -- 27 July 1978 ) was a Dutch conductor , cellist and composer .
Edward Flowerdew ( died 1586 ) , was an English judge and MP .
Li Quanzhong ( 李全忠 ) ( d. 886 ) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , who controlled Lulong Circuit ( 盧龍 , headquartered in modern Beijing ) from 885 , when he overthrew the prior military governor ( Jiedushi ) Li Keju , to his death in 886 .
Hosea Hudson ( April 12 , 1898 -- 1988 ) was an African - American labor leader in the Southern United States .
Christopher Bethell ( 21 April 1773 -- 19 April 1859 ) was Bishop of Bangor .
Vavrinec Dunajský ( born 15 July 1784 in Ľubietová , died 15 February 1833 in Budapest ) was a Slovak sculptor .
Ulrika Melin ( 1767 - -1834 ) was a Swedish textile artist , and a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts .
Peter Driben ( October 22 , 1903 - September , 1968 ) , an American pin - up artist , was perhaps one of the most productive pin - up artists of the 1940s and 1950s .
Leonardo Cota ( 1816 - -1887 ) was a Captain with the Californios in the Mexican--
The East India Company built Willoughby Memorial Hall in 1924 in memory of Sir Robert William Douglas Willoughby , Deputy Commissioner of Kheri who was killed on 26 August 1920 .
Henry Tresham RA ( c.1751 -- 17 June 1814 ) was an Irish - born historical painter active in London , England , in the late 18th century .
Francisco Gavidia ( 1863 in San Miguel - 24 September 1955 in San Salvador ) was a Salvadoran writer , educator and journalist .
Andreas Faye ( 5 October 1802 -- 5 May 1869 ) was a Norwegian priest , folklorist and historian .
William Walter Merry ( 1835 - -1918 ) was an English classical scholar , clergyman , and educator .
Kidane - Mariam Teklehaimanot ( 10 September 1933 , Alitena - 2 June 2009 ) was a bishop of the Ethiopian Catholic Church .
Amadeus I of Geneva ( 1098 - -1178 ) was count of Geneva .
Roland Khoury ( Arabic : رولان خوري‎ ) ( 1930 - -1988 ) was a Syrian painter .
Louis A. Hill ( 1865 - -1933 ) was an official in the United States Department of the Treasury who was Director of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing from 1922 to 1924 .
Cor Blekemolen `` Blekie '' ( 7 February 1894 -- 28 November 1972 ) was a Dutch cyclist .
Maria Abdy , née Smith ( 25 February 1797 -- 19 July 1867 ) was an English poet .
Len Morrison ( 23 December 1872 -- 16 November 1922 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sussex Camock or Sussex Cammock ( 1600 - -1659 ) was an English privateer who was involved in establishing the Providence Island colony , a Puritan colony on what is now Isla de Providencia in the western Caribbean .
Biraja Sankar Guha ( Bengali : বিরজাশঙ্কর গুহ ) ( 15 August 1894 -- 20 October 1961 ) was an Indian physical anthropologist , who classified Indian people into races around the early part of the 20th century .
Georges Corvington , Jr. ( died 3 April 2013 ) was a Haitian historian .
Adolf Šimperský ( 5 August 1909 in Břevnov -- 15 February 1964 ) is a former Czech football player who played mostly for SK Slavia Praha .
George Brettingham Sowerby III ( 1843 - -1921 ) was a British conchologist , publisher , and illustrator .
Clotilde Arias ( 1901 - -1959 ) was a Peruvian - American lyricist and composer .
Jeane Gardiner , d. 26 May 1651 in Saint George , Bermuda in the West Indies , was an alleged British witch .
Jules Langsner ( 1911 - -1967 ) was an American art critic and psychiatrist .
Ken Bousfield ( 2 October 1919 -- 25 May 2000 ) was one of the leading British golfers of the immediate post - World War II period .
Edmond Delphaut ( 1873 - -1943 ) was a French sculptor known for his work on World War I memorials , in particular that at Malo - les - Bains in the Nord department in Northern France .
Henry Schenck Tanner ( 1786 - -1858 ) , was an American cartographer , born in New York .
Bayan Qulï ( died 1358 ) was khan of the Chagatai Khanate from 1348 to 1358 and a grandson of Duwa .
Guy Mone ( Mohun ) ( died 1407 ) was an English royal administrator and bishop .
George W. Stocking Sr . ( 1892 - -1975 ) was an American economist who was one of the pioneers of industrial organization and an early writer on international cartels .
Enrique Kicho Díaz ( Buenos Aires , 21 January 1918 -- 5 October 1992 ) was an Argentine double bass tango musician who played in various ensembles including Aníbal Troilo 's orquesta típica , Astor Piazzolla 's first Quinteto and Conjunto 9 and finally Sexteto Major .
Harry Kuhl ( 7 March 1903 -- 11 January 1967 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Edward Oxford ( 19 April 1822 -- 23 April 1900 ) was the first of eight people who tried to assassinate Queen Victoria .
Gustav Alexander ( 1873 -- 12 April 1932 ) was an Austrian otolaryngologist remembered for describing Alexander 's law .
William Hirst ( 1873 -- 5 May 1946 ) was a British Labour Co - operative politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Bradford South from 1924 to 1931 .
Solomon Bregman ( in Russian , Соломон Брегман ) ( 1895 , Zlynka -- 1953 ) was a prominent member of the Jewish Anti - Fascist Committee formed in the Soviet Union in April 1942 .
Zhou Longxiang ( Chinese : 周隆庠 ; pinyin : Zhōu Lóngxiáng ; Wade -- Giles : Chou Long - hsiang ) ( 1905 - -1969 ) was a politician in the Republic of China .
William Crowne ( 1617 - -1682 ) had a varied career as an officer of arms , a member of parliament , a colonel during the English civil war , and one of the early colonists of North America .
John Palsgrave ( c. 1485 -- 1554 ) was a priest of Henry VIII of England 's court .
Minosuke Hiroe ( ( Japanese ) 廣江美之助 ; 7 June 1914 -- 12 January 2000 ) was a Japanese botanist .
Sir William Morison ( died 15 May 1851 ) was a Scottish Liberal Party politician .
John Blaquiere , 1st Baron de Blaquiere KCB , PC ( 15 May 1732 -- 27 August 1812 ) , known as Sir John Blaquiere , Bt , from 1784 to 1800 , was a British soldier , diplomat and politician of French descent .
Father John B. DeValles ( 1879 - 1920 ) founded the first Portuguese parochial school at Espirito Santo Church in Fall River , Massachusetts .
Bhajan Lal ( 6 October 1930 -- 3 June 2011 ) was a politician and three - time chief minister from the northern Indian state of Haryana .
Hattie Bishop Speed ( 1858 - -1942 ) was a pianist , humanist , and philanthropist who championed music and the arts in Louisville , Kentucky .
George Edward Luckman Gauntlett ( born 4 December 1868 , Swansea , UK ; d. 29 July 1956 , Tokyo , Japan ) was a teacher of English and educator in Japan .
Jiang Fengzhi ( 蒋风之 , 1908 - -1986 ) was an erhu artist from Yixing , Jiangsu Province , China .
Allen Allensworth ( 7 April 1842 -- 14 September 1914 ) , born into slavery , escaped and became a Union soldier ; later he became a Baptist minister and educator , and was appointed as a chaplain in the United States Army .
John Manwood ( died 1610 ) was a barrister of Lincoln 's Inn , gamekeeper of Waltham Forest , and Justice in Eyre of the New Forest under Elizabeth I of England .
Pappus of Alexandria ( /ˈpæpəs/ ; Greek : Πάππος ὁ Ἀλεξανδρεύς ; c. 290 -- c. 350 AD ) was one of the last great Greek mathematicians of Antiquity , known for his Synagoge ( Συναγωγή ) or Collection ( c. 340 ) , and for Pappus 's hexagon theorem in projective geometry .
Rabbi Ya'akov - Michael Hasani ( Hebrew : יעקב - מיכאל חזני‎ , born Ya'akov Kantrovich on 27 June 1913 , died 2 July 1975 ) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Welfare during two spells in the early 1970s .
Bernhard Pollack ( 14 August 1865 -- 3 March 1928 in Berlin ) was a German neuroanatomist and ophthalmologist practicing in Berlin .
Captain Robert Cecil Beavan ( 1841 - 3 February 1870 ) , corresponding member of the Zoological Society of London , served in India with the Bengal Staff Corps for 10 years .
Richard FitzRalph ( also Fitz Ralph ; c. 1300 -- 16 December 1360 ) was an Irish Archbishop of Armagh during the 14th century .
Martin - Joseph Mengal ( 27 January 1784 - 4 July 1851 ) was a Belgian composer and instructor .
Toussaint - Antoine - Rodolphe Laflamme , PC ( 15 May 1827 -- 7 December 1893 ) , was a French - Canadian lawyer , professor of law and politician .
Ion Andreescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈon andreˈesku ) ; 15 February 1850 -- 22 October 1882 ) was a Romanian painter of great renown .
William Godwin the Younger ( 1803 - -8 September 1832 ) was an English reporter and author .
Wolfgang Langewiesche ( 1907 - -2002 ) aviator , author and journalist , is one of the most quoted authors in aviation writing .
Wilhelm Bogner ( 7 February 1909 -- 27 July 1977 ) , better known as Willy Bogner , Sr . , was a German Nordic skier who competed in the 1930s .
Solomon Jacobs ( 9 July 1861 -- 6 August 1920 ) was an English - born Canadian rabbi .
Guillaume Daniel Delprat CBE ( 1 September 1856 -- 15 March 1937 ) was a Dutch - Australian metallurgist , mining engineer , and businessman .
Zaharija Pribislavljević or Zaharija of Serbia ( Serbian : Захаријa Прибислављевић , Greek : Ζαχαρίας ; c. 890s -- 924 ) was Prince of the Serbs from 922 to 924 .
Tomás Óg de Burca , 5th Mac William Iochtar and lord of Lower ( North ) Connacht , died 1460 .
Heinrich Gottfried Philipp Gengler ( 25 July 1817 -- 28 November 1901 ) was a German historian of law , Geheimrat and academic lecturer .
Raffaele Conflenti ( 4 December 1889 -- 16 July 1946 ) was an Italian aeronautical engineer and aircraft designer .
Mihai Ioan Botez ( 29 June 1927 -- 2 June 1998 ) was a Romanian neurologist and academic who specialised in the field of neuropsychology .
Mgolombane Sandile ( 1820 - -1878 ) was a Chief of the Ngqika ( `` Gaikas '' ) and Paramount - Chief of the Rharhabe tribe - a sub - group of the Xhosa nation .
Cybi died on 8 November 555 and was buried in Eglwys y Bedd ( the Chapel of the Grave ) adjoining his monastery at Holyhead .
Jimmy Luff ( 9 May 1887 -- 5 October 1960 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Uisang ( 625 - -702 ) was one of the most eminent early Silla Korean scholar - monks , a close friend of Wonhyo ( 元曉 ) .
Victor de Bonald ( 1780 - -1871 ) , son of Louis Gabriel Ambroise de Bonald , followed his father in his exile .
Architect John Ariss ( sometimes spelled Ayres ) ( 1725 - -1799 ) was born in Westmoreland County , Virginia to a family long settled in the Old Dominion .
Walter Jobson ( by 1519 - -1605 ) , of London and Kingston upon Hull , Yorkshire , was an English politician .
Hubert de Cronin Hastings ( 18 July 1902 - 4 December 1986 ) , often referred to in contemporary works as H. de C. Hastings ( and known to friends as `` H. de C. '' ) , was chairman of the Architectural Press and editor of Architectural Review and Architects ' Journal .
Tol Hansse ( born Hans van Tol , 3 April 1940 - 29 April 2002 ) was a Dutch singer and musician .
Giuseppe Weidmann ( 1742 - -1810 ) was an Austrian drama actor .
Ahad Rajabli ( Azerbaijani : Əhəd Rəcəbli , 1962 -- 8 June 2013 , Sumgayit ) was a world champion in sambo and multiple sambo champion of Azerbaijan , as well as Judo Master of Sports .
Edward Cator Seaton ( 1815 -- 21 January 1880 ) was an English doctor who became the second Chief Medical Officer .
Kurt Hasse ( 7 February 1907 - 9 January 1944 on the Eastern Front of World War II in the Soviet Union ) is a German show jumping champion , and 1936 Olympic champion .
Ramu Kariat ( alternatively Ramu Karyat ) ( 1 February 1927 -- 10 February 1979 ) was a legendary Malayali Indian film director for almost three decades from the 1950s to the 1970s .
Claude de Saint - Étienne de la Tour ( c. 1570 -- d. after 1636 ) was born in the province of Champagne , France and came to Acadia in 1610 after suffering heavy losses as a ship 's captain .
Rikdag , also called Ricdag , Riddag , or Rihdag ( died 985 ) , was Margrave of Meissen from 979 until his death .
Peder Lauridsen Kylling ( c. 1640 - 1696 ) was a 17th - century Danish botanist .
Abu Ali Hasan ibn Ustadh - Hurmuz , commonly known after his father as Ibn Ustadh - Hurmuz ( died 1011 ) was a Dailamite military officer of the Buyids , and an important figure in the Buyid state during the late 10th century .
Alexandros Zaimis ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Ζαΐμης ; 9 November 1855 -- 15 September 1936 ) was a Greek Prime Minister , Minister of the Interior , Minister of Justice , and High Commissioner of Crete .
Jes Bundsen ( 1766 - -1829 ) was a Danish architectural and landscape painter and etcher .
Lily Strickland ( 1884 -- 6 June 1958 ) was an American composer , painter and writer .
James Mott ( 20 June 1788 -- 26 January 1868 ) was a Quaker leader , teacher , and merchant as well as an anti - slavery activist .
Vladislav Achalov ( Russian : Владисла́в Алексе́евич Ача́лов ) ( 19 November 1945 -- 23 June 2011 ) was a Soviet general who at one time commanded the Soviet Airborne Forces .
Thomas Mompesson ( 1630 -- 1701 ) , of Mompesson House , The Close , Salisbury and St. Martin 's Lane , Westminster , was an English politician .
Sir Siddiq Abubakar III ( 1903 - -1988 ) was a Nigerian Muslim leader .
Thomas Kensett died 16 June 1829 at the age of 42 .
Sir Gerard Vanneck , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1743 - 23 May 1791 ) , was a British merchant and Member of Parliament .
Clarence Hatzfeld ( 1873 - -1943 ) was a prolific Chicago architect who designed residences , park field houses , Masonic temples , banks and other commercial buildings in the Craftsman , Prairie , and Revival styles .
Eddie Hinton ( 15 June 1944 -- 28 July 1995 ) was an American songwriter and session musician best known for his work with soul music and R&B singers .
Abraham Isaac Castello ( 1726 in Ancona , Italy -- August 1 , 1789 in Leghorn , Italy ) was a rabbi , preacher , and poet .
Nathaniel Chapman ( 28 May 1780 -- 1 July 1853 ) was a well - known early American physician .
Albert David Hager ( 1 November 1817 Chester , Vermont - 29 July 1888 Chicago , Illinois ) was a United States geologist , librarian and historian .
Joseph Henry Lynch ( 28 October 1911 -- 16 January 1989 ) was a British artist , better known under his signature J.H. Lynch .
Charles John Cornish ( 28 September 1858 -- 30 January 1906 ) was an English naturalist and author .
Polly Collins ( 1808 - 1884 ) was a Shaker artist who made gift drawings , which were depictions of spiritual messages during the Era of Manifestations in the mid-1800s .
Hjalmar Selander ( 2 July 1859 in Mölndal Municipality -- 10 August 1928 ) was a Swedish actor , stage director and theatre manager .
Sir George Yeardley ( 1587 - -1627 ) was a planter and three time colonial Governor of the British Colony of Virginia .
Ibrahim Mirza bin Ala - ud - Daulah ( died c. 1459 ) was a Timurid ruler of Herat in the fifteenth century .
Colin Clive ( 20 January 1900 -- 25 June 1937 ) was an English stage and screen actor best remembered for his portrayal of Dr. Frankenstein in James Whale 's two Universal Frankenstein films Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein .
Sir Francis Pile , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1617 -- 1649 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1645 and 1649 .
Ernest Hickinbottom ( born 1865 - 2 September 1939 ) was an English footballer who played for Derby County .
Dame Caroline Arnott died on 28 December 1933 of unknown causes .
Lieutenant - Colonel Sir Hugh Daly KCSI KCIE ( 29 May 1860 -- 25 August 1939 ) was a British Indian Army officer and colonial administrator .
John Charles Templer ( 1814 - -1874 ) was a lawyer .
William Longstreet ( c.1760 New Jersey - 1814 Georgia ) was an inventor .
Henry Darnley Naylor MA Cantab ( 21 February 1872 -- 8 December 1945 ) , was a British born Australian academic who became Emeritus Professor of Classics in the University of Adelaide , South Australia .
Achille Compagnoni ( 26 September 1914 -- 13 May 2009 ) was an Italian mountaineer and skier .
Lilik Sudjio ( 14 May 1930 -- 9 December 2014 ) was an Indonesian actor turned film director who won the Citra Award for Best Director in 1955 for his film Tarmina .
Tony Holiday ( born Rolf Peter Knigge ; 24 February 1951 -- 14 February 1990 ) was a German pop singer and songwriter .
Edward Hugh Buggy ( 9 June 1896 -- 18 June 1974 ) was a leading journalist well known as an Australian rules football writer covering the Victorian Football League ( later renamed to Australian Football League ) .
Sir Thomas Malcolm Knox FRSE ( 28 November 1900 -- 6 April 1980 ) was an Anglo - Scottish philosopher who served as Principal of St Andrews University from 1953 - -66 and Vice - president of the Royal Society of Edinburgh from 1975 - 8 .
Ludwig Czaczkes ( 12 September 1898 -- 4 August 1992 ) was an Austrian composer , musicologist and pianist .
The Reverend Walter Whiter ( 30 October 1758 in Birmingham , England-- 23 July 1832 in Hardingham ) was an English philologist and literary critic .
Majida Boulila ( 12 November 1931 -- 4 September 1952 ) was a Tunisian militant .
Hilbrand Boschma ( 22 April 1893 , IJsbrechtum , Wymbritseradeel , Friesland -- 22 July 1976 , Leiden ) was a Dutch zoologist and director of the Rijksmuseum of Natural History in Leiden .
Sir Lionel Phillips , 1st Baronet ( 6 August 1855 -- 2 July 1936 ) was a South African mining magnate and politician .
Jiang Zhaohe or Chiang Chao - ho ( Chinese : 蒋兆和 ) ( 1904 -- 1986 ) was a Chinese artist who played a leading role in the reform process of Chinese figure painting .
William Fiennes , 1st Viscount Saye and Sele ( 28 June 1582 -- 14 April 1662 ) was an English nobleman and politician , known also for his involvement in several companies for setting up overseas colonies .
Kang Yanxiao ( 康延孝 ) ( died 926 ) , known as Li Shaochen ( 李紹琛 ) from 923 to 926 , was a general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period states Later Liang and Later Tang .
Dr. George G. Ritchie , M.D. ( 25 September 1923 -- 29 October 2007 ) held positions as president of the Richmond Academy of General Practice ; chairman of the Department of Psychiatry of Towers Hospital ; and founder and president of the Universal Youth Corps , Inc. for almost 20 years .
Anthony Chenevix - Trench ( 10 May 1919 -- 21 June 1979 ) was a British schoolteacher and Classics scholar .
Arthur Ernest Wilder - Smith , FRSC ( 22 December 1915 -- 14 September 1995 ) , more commonly known as A. E. Wilder - Smith , was a British organic chemist , and young Earth creationist .
Cosimo Boscaglia ( c. 1550 -- 1621 ) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Pisa in Italy .
George Stephănescu ( 13 December 1843 - 25 April 1925 ) was a Romanian composer , one of the main figures in Romanian national opera .
Safford Cape ( 28 June 1906 - 26 March 1973 ) was an American conductor , composer and musicologist .
Jadwiga Dziubińska , a Polish politician ( born 10 October 1874 in Warsaw , died 28 January 1937 ) .
William Goffe ( 1605?--1679 ? ) was an English Roundhead politician and soldier , perhaps best known for his role in the execution of King Charles I and later flight to America .
David Keith Duckworth ( 10 August 1933 -- 18 December 2005 ) was an English mechanical engineer .
Sattur A. G. Subramaniam , ( 1916 - -1977 ) was a vocalist in the carantic tradition .
James Charles Dowdall ( 1873 -- 28 June 1939 ) was an Irish politician and businessman .
Hanut Singh Rathore ( 6 July 1933 - 11 April 2015 ) , also referred as Hanut Singh ( not to be confused with Maharaja Hanut Singhji of Jodhpur ) was a former Lt . General of Indian army .
Elias Solomon ( 2 September 1839 -- 23 May 1909 ) was an Australian politician based in Fremantle .
Gísli Halldórsson ( 2 February 1927 -- 27 July 1998 ) was an Icelandic actor of theatre , radio , film and television , and one of the most popular Icelandic actors of the late twentieth century .
Ian Greer ( 5 June 1933 -- 4 November 2015 ) was a British political lobbyist , who had a very successful career , until the Cash - for - questions affair .
Yamyam ( born Abdulkadir Hersi Siyad , 1945 -- 18 September 2005 ) ( Somali : Cabdiqaadir Xirsi Siyaad ( Yamyam ) , Arabic : `` عبد قادر حرس سياد ' ' يميم‎ ) was a Somali poet and playwright .
John Systad ( 14 September 1912 -- 16 September 1998 ) was a Norwegian long - distance runner who specialized in the marathon race .
Nikolay Adamets ( Belarusian : Мiкалай Адамец ; Russian : Николай Адамец ; 18 October 1983 -- 7 September 2014 ) was a Belarusian footballer who last played for Volna Pinsk .
John Samuel Enys ( 21 September 1796 -- 29 May 1872 ) was a British mining engineer and scientist who wrote several important papers on the `` duty '' of steam engines and other types of power delivery , from water wheels to horses .
Henry Bernard Carpenter ( April 22 , 1840 in Dublin or near Enniskillen , Ireland of an ancient landed family -- July 17 , 1890 at Sorrento , Maine ) , was a noted Unitarian clergyman , orator , author , and poet .
Alexander Pearce ( 1790 -- 19 July 1824 ) was an Irish convict who was transported to Van Diemen 's Land for seven years for theft .
Joe McKelvey ( Irish : Seosamh Mac Giolla Bhuidhe ; died 8 December 1922 ) was an Irish Republican Army officer who was executed during the Irish Civil War .
Cesar Picton ( c. 1755 Senegal ? -- 1836 Thames Ditton , Surrey ) was presumably enslaved in Africa by the time he was about six years old .
She founded the Iwamoto Mari String Quartet in Japan in 1967 , with violinist Tomoda Yoshiaki , viola player Suganuma Junji and cellist Kuranuma Toshio ; the quartet won a special prize at the Suntory Music Award in 1979 , shortly prior to Mari 's death from cancer on 11 May 1979 .
Rowland Stephenson ( 1782 - -1856 ) was a British banker and politician who precipitated the collapse of a bank and took refuge in America .
Huang Yao ( Chinese : 黄尧 ; Pinyin : Huáng Yáo ; 1917 - -1987 ) was a Chinese artist .
Samuel Trevor Francis ( 19 November 1834 -- 28 December 1925 ) was an English lay preacher and hymn writer , with the Plymouth Brethren .
James Dodsley ( 1724 - -1797 ) was an English bookseller .
Macduff of Fife ( died 22 July 1298 ) played a small but significant role in the Wars of Scottish Independence .
Robert Bowne Minturn ( born New York , 16 November 1805 ; died New York , 9 January 1866 ) was one of the most prominent American merchants and shippers of the mid-19th century .
Catherine Obianuju Acholonu ( 26 October 1951 -- 18 March 2014 ) was a Nigerian writer , researcher and former lecturer on African Cultural and Gender Studies .
Count Friedrich Albrecht zu Eulenburg ( 29 June 1815 -- 2 June 1881 ) was a Prussian diplomat and politician .
Henry Roy Donovan ( 26 November 1903 -- 18 February 1972 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Harriet Auber ( Middlesex , 1773 -- Hoddesdon , Hertfordshire , 1862 ) was an English poet and hymnist .
Walter Melzer ( 7 October 1894 -- 23 June 1961 ) was a highly decorated General der Infanterie in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded the XXIII corps .
Burchard du Puiset ( died 1196 ; sometimes Bourchard du Puiset , or Bourchard of Le Puiset ) was a medieval Anglo - Norman clergyman and treasurer of the diocese of York .
Lieutenant - Colonel George Robert Harland Bowden ( 1873 - 10 October 1927 ) was a British mechanical engineer and Conservative Party politician .
Dorothea Krag ( 27 September 1675 -- 10 October 1754 ) was a Danish General Postmaster and noble .
Mohammed ibn Amr al - Ribati or Abu Abdallah Mohammed ibn Mohammed ibn Amr al - Ansari ( died 1 October 1827 ) was a Moroccan poet from Rabat .
Brigadier - General Alfred Douglas Miller , DSO ( 1864 − 5 December 1933 ) was a British army officer .
Louis Livingston Seaman , FRGS ( October 17 , 1851 -- 1932 ) was an American surgeon , born in Newburgh , New York .
David J. Hetland ( 1947 - 2006 ) was a nationally recognized artist from Fargo , ND , known particularly for his liturgical works in mosaic and stained glass .
Giulio Variboba ( Arbërisht : Jul Variboba ; 1725 -- 1788 ) was an Arbëresh poet that gave an important contribution to the literature in the Albanian language .
Jacotin or Jacob Godebrye ( died 24 March 1529 ) was a Franco - Flemish singer and composer .
Achsah Barlow Brewster ( 1878 - -1945 ) was an American painter and writer , and wife of artist Earl Brewster ( 1878 - -1957 ) .
Caroline Louisa Waring Atkinson ( best known as Louisa Atkinson ) ( 25 February 1834 -- 28 April 1872 ) was an early Australian writer , botanist and illustrator .
Mundia Sikatana ( 1938 -- 14 June 2012 ; Lusaka ) was a Zambian politician , diplomat and lawyer .
Thomas Buttersworth ( 5 May 1768 -- November 1842 ) was an English seaman of the Napoleonic wars period who became a marine painter .
John J. Burke ( 1875 - -1936 ) was a Paulist priest and editor of the Catholic World from 1903 to 1922 .
Johann Jakob Wirz ( 1778 in Basel -- 1858 ) was a Swiss silkweaver who became known a Theosophist prophet and started a group called the Nazarenes , or in German Nazarener .
Hillel Noah Maggid ( 1829 - 1903 ) ( also known as Hillel Steinschneider ) was a Russian - Jewish genealogist and historian .
Olimpia Ludovisi ( 1656 -- 27 November 1700 ) was the eldest daughter of Niccolò Ludovisi and his third wife Costanza Pamphili .
Voivode George Ducas ( Greek : Γεώργιος Δούκας , Romanian : Gheorghe Duca ) ( d. 1685 ) was three times Prince of Moldavia ( September 1665 -- May 1666 , November 1668 -- 20 August 1672 , November 1678 -- January 1684 ) and one time Prince of Wallachia ( 1673 -- 29 November 1678 ) .
Lawson Wood , sometimes Clarence Lawson Wood , ( 23 August 1878 -- 26 October 1957 ) , was an English painter , illustrator and designer known for humorous depictions of cavemen and dinosaurs , policemen , and animals , especially a chimpanzee called Gran'pop , whose annuals circulated around the world .
Francisco Urcuyo Maliaños ( 30 July 1915 -- 14 September 2001 ) was a Nicaraguan politician , who served as Vice President of Anastasio Somoza Debayle from May 1967 to May 1972 .
Benjamin Bramer ( 15 February 1588 -- 17 March 1652 ) was a German mathematician , architect , inventor , and adviser .
Nuala Níc Con Iomaire ( died 16 July 2010 ) was an Irish playwright , producer , translator , artist and poet .
Mas Penewu Surakso Hargo , better known as Mbah Maridjan ( `` Grandfather Maridjan '' ) ( 5 February 1927 ? -- 26 October 2010 ) was the spiritual guardian or `` gatekeeper '' of the Indonesian volcano Mount Merapi .
Orville Vogel ( 1907 - -1991 ) was an American scientist and wheat breeder whose research made possible the `` Green Revolution '' in world food production .
Dương Đình Nghệ ( Hantu : 楊廷藝 ; ? --937 ; some sources record Dương Diên Nghệ , Hantu : 楊延藝 ) was the administrator of Giao Chỉ in around 931 AD .
Karim Mohammedzadeh ( Persian : کریم محمدزاده‎‎ ; b. 1 July 1963 -- 1 April 1990 ) was an Kurdish dissident who was assassinated in Sweden in 1990 .
Charles King Hall ( 1845 - 1895 ) , often credited as King Hall , was a versatile English composer of both sacred and secular music .
Andrew McIntyre ( 9 August 1855 -- 30 March 1941 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a full back .
Gavino Gulia ( 1835 - -1889 ) was a Maltese botanist and author of books on flora of that island .
James Jezreel , real name James Rowland White ( cir 1851 -- 2 March 1885 ) , was a nineteenth - century soldier and self - proclaimed prophet .
Nordepert ( or Nodepert ) was briefly the Abbot of Farfa in 888 .
Rufus L. Porter ( February 20 , 1897 -- February 1979 ) was a well - regarded poet living in the Pikes Peak region near Cascade , Colorado during the 1950s until his death in 1979 .
Fanny Butcher ( September 13 , 1888 -- May 11 , 1987 ) was a long time writer and literary critic for the Chicago Tribune newspaper .
William Mukama ( 1951 - 2002 ) , was a Ugandan teacher and politician and founding member of the Ninth October Movement .
Michael Critobulus ( Greek : Μιχαήλ Κριτοβούλος , c. 1410 -- c. 1470 ) was a Greek politician , scholar and historian .
Heinrich Amersdorffer ( 10 December 1905 -- 2 December 1986 ) was a German painter , printmaker , war artist and art teacher .
Moir Tod Stormonth Darling , Lord Stormonth - Darling FRSE DL LLD ( 3 November 1844 -- 2 June 1912 ) was a Scottish Conservative Party politician and judge .
Liviu Constantinescu ( 26 November 1914 -- 29 November 1997 ) was a Romanian geophysicist , professor of geophysics , member of the Romanian Academy .
Emily Bliss Gould ( c. 1825 - 31 August 1875 Perugia , Italy ) founded a school for Italian children of limited means .
Lope de Hoces ( fl . 1619 -- 21 October 1639 ) was a Spanish admiral who was killed in action at the Battle of the Downs .
François Cautaerts ( 1810 in Brussels -- 1881 in Brussels ) was a Belgian art painter from the 19th century .
Maulana Azhar ( died 1475 ) was a Persian calligrapher .
Reginald Koettlitz ( 1860 - -1916 ) was a British physician and polar explorer .
Peter Gee ( 1932 - -2005 ) was a British - born artist and developer who spent most of his life living and working in New York City .
Moran Mar Baselios Mar Thoma Mathews I ( 27 March 1907 -- 8 November 1996 ) was the Supreme head of the Indian Orthodox Church , which is also known as Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church .
Iwao Horiuchi ( 堀内 岩雄 , 9 December 1941 -- 4 March 2015 ) was a Japanese lightweight freestyle wrestler .
Nicholas Mills Sr . ( 23 November 1781 -- 13 September 1862 ) was a prominent businessman in Richmond , Virginia .
Henry Trengove or Nance ( by 1521 - 1561 ) , of Nance in Illogan , Cornwall , was an Cornish politician .
Muhammad Abdul Wahab Siddiqi ( 1942 - -1994 ) was a Sunni Muslim religious scholar and Sufi master .
An - Nasir ibn Alnas ( died 1088 ) was the fifth ruler of the Hammadids in Algeria , from 1062 until his death .
Charles L. Walker ( 1832 - -1904 ) was a Latter - day Saint hymnwriter , most noted for having written the words to the hymn `` Dearest Children , God is Near You '' .
Robert Quirk Short ( 1759 -- 31 January 1827 ) was a Church of England clergyman who emigrated to Canada in 1796 .
Fletcher Christian ( 25 September 1764 -- 20 September 1793 ) was master 's mate on board HMS Bounty during William Bligh 's voyage to Tahiti for breadfruit plants .
Frederick Wheeler ( 1853 - -1931 ) ( FRIBA ) was a British architect , born in Brixton , Surrey , in October 1853 .
Jules Chapon ( 1914 - -2007 ) , was a Dutch artist who moved to France in 1973 .
Eudald Pradell ( 1721 - -1788 ) was a typographer .
Krishna Nath Sarmah ( 1887 - 1947 ) was a renowned nationalist and social reformer from Assam .
Vincenzo Galli ( 1798 -- 1858 ) was an Italian opera singer and impresario .
Sir Arthur Vicars , KCVO ( 27 July 1862 -- 14 April 1921 ) was an English - born genealogist and heraldic expert who spent his adult life in Ireland .
José María García Lahiguera ( 9 March 1903 -- 14 July 1989 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic who served as the Archbishop of Valencia from 1969 until his resignation came into effect in 1978 .
Mohammed Awzal ( Berber : Mḥemmed U - Ɛli U - Brahim Akʷbil Awzal / n Yinduzal ; 1680 - -1749 ) is the most important author in the literary tradition of the Berber Shilha language .
William Danvers SL JP ( 1428 -- 19 April 1504 ) was a British judge .
Lin Yanyu ( 林延遇 ) ( d. April 15 , 956 ) was a powerful eunuch of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Southern Han .
Hans Peter Edvind Johannesen ( born 3 September 1846 in Frederikshald , died 29 November 1909 ) was a Norwegian barrister and civil servant .
Guman Mal Lodha ( 1926 -- 22 March 2009 ) was the chief justice of Gauhati High Court and former member of Lok Sabha .
Mother Lettice Mary Tredway , C.R.L. , ( 1595 -- October 1677 ) , courtesy title Lady Tredway , was an English canoness regular and abbess who founded a monastery for the English members of her Order in 17th - century Europe .
John Manners , 4th Earl of Rutland ( c. 1559 -- 24 February 1588 ) was the son of Henry Manners , 2nd Earl of Rutland , and Lady Margaret Neville , daughter of Ralph Neville , 4th Earl of Westmorland .
Herman Schlom ( 1904 - -1983 ) was a film producer who first received film credit as an assistant director for Dracula in 1931 .
Norman Feather FRS FRSE PRSE ( 16 November 1904 , Pecket Well , Yorkshire -- 14 August 1978 , Christie Hospital , Manchester ) , was an English nuclear physicist .
Fayette Bartholomew Tower ( 1817 - -1857 ) , civil engineer ; mayor .
Edward Higginson ( 9 January 1807 -- 12 February 1880 ) was an English Unitarian minister and author .
Sylvester Lewis ( October 19 , 1908 in Kansas City , Missouri -- 1974 in New York City ) was an American jazz trumpeter .
Edward More ( 1479 -- 1541 ) was an English churchman and educator , Archdeacon of Lewes from 1527 to 1542 .
Morris Lurie ( 30 October 1938 -- 8 October 2014 ) was an Australian writer of comic novels , short stories , essays , plays , and children 's books .
Josip Boljkovac ( Croatian pronunciation : ( jǒsip bǒʎkovat͡s ) , 12 November 1920 -- 10 November 2014 ) was a Croatian politician who served as the first Minister of Internal Affairs in the Croatian Government .
William Bragge , F.S.A. , F.G.S. , ( 31 May 1823 -- 6 June 1884 ) was a civil engineer , antiquarian , and author .
Delfín Benítez Cáceres ( 24 September 1910 -- 8 January 2004 ) was a Paraguayan football striker .
Francesco Contin ( 1585 , Lugano , Switzerland -- 1654 Venice , Italy ) was a Swiss - Italian sculptor and architect .
Premaka Gurushantha ( Born 2 September 1887 , Died 1950 ) was the first Bishop - in - Church of South India Diocese of Mysore ) .
Colonel Mohommed Rayyan ( died 1986 ) , nicknamed `` Sky Falcon , '' was a fighter pilot with the Iraqi Air Force during the Iran--
Ludwig Wolff de la Marselle or Ludwig Dominik Joseph Regis Wolff de la Marselle ( 13 March 1747 -- 14 October 1804 ) was a general in Habsburg Austrian service in the French Revolutionary Wars .
Rodolfo Joaquín Concepción , ( 1915 -- 1940 ) better known as Rudy Concepción was a popular Filipino film actor during the 1930s .
Charles Ashpitel Denton ( 24 October 1852 -- 28 September 1932 ) was an English amateur footballer who twice won the FA Cup with Wanderers .
Pat Booth , Lady Lowe ( 24 April 1943 -- 11 May 2009 ) was an English model , photographer and author of romantic fiction .
Cui Youfu ( 崔祐甫 ) ( 721 -- July 7 , 780 ) , courtesy name Yisun ( 貽孫 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor briefly early during the reign of Emperor Dezong .
John Prentiss Benson ( also John P. Benson ) ( 1865 - -1947 ) was an American architect and artist noted for his maritime paintings .
Ernie Everett ( 3 January 1885 -- 10 March 1938 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Willy Schmidt - Gentner ( 6 April 1894 -- 12 February 1964 ) was one of the most successful German composers of film music in the history of German - language cinema .
Felix Huston ( 1800 - -1857 ) was a lawyer , soldier , military opportunist and the first commanding general of the Army of the Republic of Texas under the Constitution of 1836 .
Elizabeth Hamilton , Countess of Orkney ( 1657 -- 19 April 1733 ) ( born Elizabeth Villiers ) was an English courtier from the Villiers family and the reputed mistress of William III & II , King of England and Scotland , from 1680 until 1695 .
Magda Julin ( née Mauroy , 24 July 1894 -- 21 December 1990 ) was a Swedish figure skater who competed in ladies ' singles .
Jim Kirwan Irish War of Independence victim , died January 1921 .
Dr John William Ballantyne FRSE FRCPE ( 4 June 1861 -- 23 January 1923 ) was a Scottish physician and obstetrician .
Franciszek Duszeńko ( 6 April 1925 -- 11 April 2008 ) was a Polish sculptor , professor of the Academy of Fine Arts in Gdańsk and its Rector in the years 1981 - -87 .
Cyril Gwynn ( 1897 - -1988 ) was a British poet , from Gower , in the City and County of Swansea .
William Flower , 1st Baron Castle Durrow PC ( Ire ) ( 11 March 1685 -- 29 April 1746 ) was an Anglo - Irish peer and politician .
Sir Trevredyn Rashleigh Wynne ( 1853 - 1942 ) was the Managing Director of the Bengal - Nagpur Railway Company from 1915 until 1930 when he became Chairman .
Henry Villiers - Stuart , 1st Baron Stuart de Decies PC ( 8 June 1803 -- 23 January 1874 ) , was a British Tory politician .
Robert le Poer ( died 1344 ) was an Irish judge and Crown official who held the offices of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland and Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer .
Andrea Pozzi ( 1778 - -1833 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in his native Rome , as a painter of religious and mythologic histories .
Ilija Birčanin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Илија Бирчанин ; 12 August 1764 - 4 January 1804 ) was a Serbian knez ( Duke ) who was killed during the Slaughter of the Dukes , the incident that sparked the First Serbian Uprising of the Serbian Revolution , ultimately leading to Serbia 's liberation from the Ottoman Empire .
Elena Cantacuzino ( 1611 - -1687 ) was a Wallachian noble .
Lillian Cotton ( 1892 - -1962 ) was an American artist known for her portraits , especially of high - society figures and well - known actors , writers , and artists of her day .
Claudio Gabriele de Launay ( 6 October 1786 -- 21 February 1850 ) was prime minister of the Kingdom of Sardinia from 27 March to 7 May 1849 .
Edmund Schlink ( 3 March 1903 -- 20 May 1984 ) was a leading German Lutheran theologian in the modern ecumenical movement , especially in the World Council of Churches .
Welland Lathrop ( 1905 - -1981 ) was a dancer , teacher , painter , and choreographer and a leader of the west coast modern and avant - garde dance movement .
Béni Grosschmid ( 6 November 1852 -- 7 September 1938 ) , also known as Beno Zsögöd , was a Hungarian jurist .
Philip Falle ( 1656 - -1742 ) was a clergyman and historian of Jersey .
Walter Scott of Harden ( before 1563 -- 1629 ) , also known as Auld Wat , was a notorious Border Reiver .
Johann Georg Danninger ( died 1848 ) was an Austrian bronzesmith , known for making many of the bronze items that decorated the Viennese court of the Austrian Empire in the 19th century .
Prince Hans Ulrich von Eggenberg ( 1568 -- 18 October 1634 ) was an Austrian statesman , a son of Seyfried von Eggenberg , Lord of Erbersdorf ( 1526 - 1594 ) , and great - grandson of Balthasar Eggenberger ( died 1493 ) .
Joli Jászai ( 21 May 1907 -- 26 September 2008 ) was a Hungarian actress and entertainer .
Rt . Rev. Joseph Sakunoshin Motoda D.D. ( 22 February 1862 -- 16 April 1928 , 元田 作之進 ) was the first Japanese born Bishop of Tokyo in the Nippon Sei Ko Kai , the Anglican Church in Japan .
He Changling ( simplified Chinese : 贺长龄 ; traditional Chinese : 賀長齡 ; pinyin : Hè Chánglíng ; Wade -- Giles : He Ch'angling ) , ( March 18 , 1785 - -July 6 , 1848 ) , courtesy name Ougen ( 耦耕 ) , was a Chinese scholar and official of the Qing dynasty from Changsha , Hunan .
Roger II Trencavel ( died March 1194 ) was the Viscount of Carcassonne , Béziers , Razès , and Albi from 1167 or 1171 until his death .
Elizabeth Allan ( 9 April 1910 -- 27 July 1990 ) was an English actress who worked in both Britain and Hollywood , making about 50 films over more than a quarter century .
Elaine Kowalsky ( September 24 , 1948 -- September 17 , 2005 ) was a Canadian printmaker and artists ' rights campaigner who lived and worked in the United Kingdom for over 30 years .
Sam Donahue ( 18 March 1918 -- 22 March 1974 ) was an American swing music jazz tenor saxophonist , trumpeter and musical arranger .
Vladimir Potapov ( January 24 , 1914 -- December 21 , 1980 ) was a renowned Ukrainian mathematician .
Lady Anne Beauchamp , 16th Countess of Warwick ( 13 July 1426 -- 20 September 1492 ) was the daughter of Richard Beauchamp , 13th Earl of Warwick , and his second wife Isabel le Despenser , a daughter of Thomas le Despenser ( 22 September 1373 -- 13 January 1399/1400 ) and Constance of York .
Gregory Fiennes , 10th Baron Dacre ( 25 June 1539 , Hurstmonceaux , Sussex -- 25 December 1594 , Chelsea , Middlesex , England ) was an English courtier .
Cornwallis Maude , 1st Viscount Hawarden ( 19 September 1729 - 23 August 1803 ) was an Anglo - Irish peer and politician .
Sir John Stepney , 8th Baronet ( 1743 - 1811 ) , of Llanelli , Carmarthenshire , was a politician .
Dinis Gregório de Melo Castro e Mendonça ( Lisbon , 11 April 1735 -- Angra , 3 December 1793 ) was a member of high nobility , military and Portuguese colonial administrator , who exercised the role as the Captain - General of the Azores ( 1771 - 1793 ) .
Domenico Brescia ( 1866 - -1939 ) was an Italian composer who taught in Chile and Ecuador , then became known in the United States for writing chamber music as well as musical accompaniment for dramatic performances .
Hugh William Peel ( 14 September 1887 -- 4 March 1975 ) , better known as Gillie Potter , was an English comedian and broadcaster .
Rudolf Ernest Langer ( 8 March 1894 -- 11 March 1968 ) was an American mathematician , known for the Langer correction and as a president of the Mathematical Association of America .
John Hamrick ( 1875 - -1956 ) was an American entrepreneur in the theater business .
John Mylles ( c. 1604 -- March 1676 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660 .
Bjørn Bjørnson ( 15 November 1859 -- 14 May 1942 ) was a Norwegian stage actor and theatre director .
Blind Harry ( c. 1440 -- 1492 ) , also known as Harry , Hary or Henry the Minstrel , is renowned as the author of The Actes and Deidis of the Illustre and Vallyeant Campioun Schir William Wallace , more commonly known as The Wallace .
Otto Max Koegel ( 16 October 1895 -- 27 June 1946 ) was a Nazi officer who served as a commander at Lichtenburg , Ravensbrück , Majdanek and Flossenbürg concentration camps .
John Watney ( 27 January 1834 -- 25 March 1923 ) was Honorary Secretary of the City and Guilds of London Institute for the Advancement of Technical Education .
Sree Padmanabhadasa Sree Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma ( 22 March 1922 -- 16 December 2013 ) was the titular Maharaja of Travancore .
Carl Agardh Westerlund ( 12 January 1831 in Berga , near Kalmar -- 28 February 1908 in Ronneby ) was a Swedish malacologist .
Bohdan Skaradziński ( pen names Jan Brzoza , Kazimierz Podlaski ; 5 January 1931 -- 4 May 2014 ) was a Polish writer and social activist .
Henry Jacob ( 1563 - -1624 ) was an English clergyman of Calvinist views , who founded a separatist congregation associated with the Brownists .
Tom Peake ( c.1720 - -1767 ) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century .
Nectarius of Jerusalem , born Nektarios Pelopidis ( Greek : Νεκτάριος Πελοπίδης , 1602 - -1676 ) was the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem from 1661 to 1669 .
Yosef Navon ( 1858 - -1934 ) was a Jerusalem businessman and the man principally responsible for the construction of the Jaffa--
Henry Odera Oruka ( 1 June 1944 , Nyanza Province -- 9 December 1995 , Nairobi ) was a Kenyan philosopher who is best known for `` Sage Philosophy , '' a project started in the 1970s in an attempt to preserve the knowledge of the indigenous thinkers in traditional African communities .
Johann Jacob Zimmermann ( November 25 , 1642 -- 1693 ) was a German nonconformist theologian , millenarian , mathematician , and astronomer .
Siegfried Taub ( 1876 , Telč , Margraviate of Moravia -- 1946 ) was a Sudeten German Jewish politician from Czechoslovakia .
Count Lajos Tisza de Borosjenő et Szeged ( 12 September 1832 - 26 January 1898 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister besides the King between 1892 and 1894 .
Bindon Blood Stoney FRS ( 13 June 1828 , Oakley Park , County Offaly -- 5 May 1909 , Dublin ) was an Irish engineer .
Solomon kaDinuzulu ( 1891 - -1933 ) was the king of the Zulu nation from 1913 until his death on 4 March 1933 at Kambi .
Sophia Armitt ( 1847 -- 12 June 1908 ) was a British teacher , writer , and naturalist .
Daniël van Vlierden ( 1651 , Hasselt -- 1716 , Hasselt ) was a Flemish sculptor who is mainly known for his Baroque sculpture in churches in the Prince - Bishopric of Liège .
Jelena Balšić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јелена Балшић ; 1365/1366 -- 1443 ) , also known as Jelena Lazarević , was a medieval Serbian noblewoman and a member of the Lazarević dynasty .
Emilio Brambilla ( 26 June 1882 -- 17 October 1938 ) was an Italian athlete
Rueben Berry ( died March 1998 ) was a Canadian Football League coach who served as the head coach of the Saskatchewan Roughriders from 1983 to 1984 .
Henry MacManus ( MRHA ) ( c. 1810 -- 22 March 1878 ) was an Irish artist and teacher .
After Nymphidius ' death , Sporus would , in the year 69 , become involved with Otho , who was also killed by his enemies .
Benjamin Morrell ( July 5 , 1795 -- 1838 or 1839 ? ) was an American sea captain , explorer and trader who made a number of voyages , mainly to the Atlantic , the Southern Ocean and the Pacific Islands .
Frederik Vilhelm August Meinert ( 1833 , in Copenhagen -- 1912 ) , was a Danish entomologist and editor of the first series of Entomologiske Meddelelser .
Arnold Wathen Robinson RWA , FMGP ( 1888 - -1955 ) was an English stained - glass artist .
Jacqueline Briskin , née Orgell ( 18 December 1927 -- 24 December 2014 ) was a British - born American writer specializing in historical fiction from 1970 to 1995 .
Brian Lemon ( 11 February 1937 -- 11 October 2014 ) was a British jazz pianist and arranger .
Willie Horne ( 23 January 1922 -- 25 March 2001 ) was an English rugby league footballer .
Henry Cavendish , 2nd Duke of Newcastle - upon - Tyne , KG , PC ( 24 June 1630 -- 26 July 1691 ) , styled Viscount Mansfield until 1676 , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1676 , and then inherited the dukedom .
John Carnegie , 1st Earl of Northesk ( 1611 - -1667 ) , was a Scottish noble who supported the Royalist cause during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms .
Robert Brook Aspland ( 19 January 1805 - 21 June 1869 ) was an English Unitarian minister and editor .
Ron Hovey OAM ( 25 August 1932 -- 6 January 2015 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Evgen Sajovic ( 25 November 1913 - 1986 ) was a Slovene painter , also known for his frescos and sgraffito as well as book illustrations .
Giacomo Giuseppe Federico Delpino ( 27 December 1833 -- 14 May 1905 ) was an Italian botanist who made very important observations on the pollination of flowers by insects .
Christian Lupus ( 23 July 1612 -- 10 July 1681 ) was a historian .
Karol Hiller ( 6 December 1891 in Łódź - December 1939 ) was a Polish painter .
Aron Elias Seligmann ( 26 April 1747 -- 11 January 1824 ) was a German Jewish financier .
George Trewick ( 15 November 1933 -- 2003 ) was an English footballer who played as a Wing half .
Barry Mather ( 20 February 1909 -- 30 March 1982 ) was a Canadian journalist , columnist , and politician .
John Seden ( 1840 - -1921 ) was a hybridist and horticulturist best known for the hybrids he created while in the employment of Veitch Nurseries .
Nicholas Eymerich ( Catalan : Nicolau Aymerich ) ( c. 1316 -- 4 January 1399 ) was a Roman Catholic theologian and Inquisitor General of the Inquisition of the Crown of Aragon in the later half of the 14th century .
Marko Lerinski ( Bulgarian : Марко Лерински , `` Marko of Florina '' ; 20 June 1862 - -13 June 1902 ) was the nickname of Georgi Ivanov Gyurov ( Георги Иванов Гюров ) , also known as Georgi Geroyski or Marko Voyvoda , a Bulgarian military man and revolutionary .
John William Nicholson , FRS ( 1 November 1881 -- 3 October 1955 ) was an English mathematician .
Nuño Álvarez de Carazo ( floruit 1028 - -1054 ) was a Castilian nobleman , diplomat , and warrior .
Kay Daniels ( 17 June 1941 -- 17 July 2001 ) was a historian and a public servant , who made a significant contribution to knowledge on women in Australia , as well as Australian social and colonial history .
General Walther Buhle ( 26 October 1894 -- 28 December 1959 ) was an infantry General in the German army who was the Chief of the Army Staff of the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht from 1942 and chief of armaments for the army in 1945 .
Dick Hingston ( 16 December 1915 -- 3 December 1999 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Pieter Bast ( ca 1550 -- 17 March 1605 ) was a Dutch cartographer , engraver and draftsman .
Frank Abney Hastings ( Greek : Φραγκίσκος Άστιγξ ) ( 14 February 1794 -- 1 June 1828 ) was a British naval officer and Philhellene .
Earl Anthony Robinson ( 8 December 1955 -- 1980 ) , better known as General Echo , aka Ranking Slackness , was one of the first reggae deejays to move away from ' cultural ' lyrics towards ' slackness ' ( risqué or sexually explicit lyrics ) .
Harry L. Hansen ( 21 October 1911 , New York City - 3 August 1992 , Cambridge Massachusetts ) was a pioneer of management education .
Edward Garth - Turnour , 1st Earl Winterton FRS ( 1734 -- 10 August 1788 ) was a British politician .
Nikolaos Trikoupis ( Greek : Νικόλαος Τρικούπης ; 1868 - -1956 ) was a Greek general and politician , most notable for his service in the Greco - Turkish War of 1919 - -1922 , where he was taken as a prisoner of war .
Alonso Meléndez de Guzmán ( b. ? - d. 1342 ) was a Spanish noble from León of the House of Guzmán .
Erwin Chargaff ( 11 August 1905 -- 20 June 2002 ) was an Austro - Hungarian biochemist who immigrated to the United States during the Nazi era and was a professor of biochemistry at Columbia University medical school .
Kuai Xiang ( Chinese : 蒯祥 ; pinyin : Kuǎi Xiáng ; 1398 - -1481 ) was a Chinese architect and engineer widely known as designer of the Forbidden City and originator of the Xiangshan Carpenters .
Ignác Frank ( 1788 - -1850 ) was a Hungarian jurist and one of the most renowned private law scholars of his time .
Henry Clay Whitney ( 23 February 1831 -- 1905 ) was a United States lawyer who was a close friend of President Abraham Lincoln , and later a biographer of the president .
Shaheed ( Martyr ) Corporal Hussain Adam , was a Maldivian soldier who died while defending the Maldives National Defence Force headquarters , during the 1988 Maldives coup d'état on 3 November 1988 .
Sir Daniel Cooper , 1st Baronet GCMG ( 1 July 1821 -- 5 June 1902 ) was the first speaker of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales and a noted philatelist .
François - Marie Treyve ( 1847 - -1906 ) was a French landscape gardener .
John W. Slayton ( 1863 - -1935 ) was an American socialist lecturer and politician .
Joseph Coleman Smith ( 17 May 1934 -- 5 September 1998 ) , who performed and recorded under the name Sonny Knight , was an African - American singer , songwriter and author .
Pomponio Allegri ( 1521 -- fl . 1593 ) was an Italian painter , the son of Correggio .
Lavemai Kitione Takitau ( 16 April 1934 -- 2 June 2006 ) , who fought under the name Kitione Lave , was a Tongan heavyweight boxer .
Peter Mews ( 25 March 1619 -- 9 November 1706 ) was an English Royalist theologian and bishop .
Allan Roberts ( 28 October 1943 -- 21 March 1990 ) was a British politician who was the Labour Member of Parliament for Bootle from 1979 until his death .
Burton Wadsworth Jones ( 1 October 1902 , Redwood Falls , Minnesota -- 8 December 1983 , Wellesley , Massachusetts ) was an American mathematician , known for his work on quadratic forms .
Nyan Shein gives Ba Zaw 's date of death as 1943 , but Amar claims that her husband found Ba Zaw 's obituary in the newspaper and that he died on 11 December 1942 .
Fred Backway ( 2 October 1913 -- 28 March 1995 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne , Melbourne and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Irene Lieblich ( 20 April 1923 -- 28 December 2008 ) was a Polish - born artist and Holocaust survivor noted for illustrating the books of Nobel laureate Isaac Bashevis Singer and for her paintings highlighting Jewish life and culture .
Sir Mountstuart Elphinstone Grant Duff GCSI CIE PC FRS ( 21 February 1829 -- 12 January 1906 ) , known as M. E. Grant Duff before 1887 and as Sir Mountstuart Grant Duff thereafter , was a Scottish politician , administrator and author .
Ha Po - gyong ( Hangul : 하보경 ; born 1906 - died 1996 ) was a Korean dancer who was designated an Important Intangible Cultural Asset .
Ronald Acott Hall CBE ( 24 May 1892 -- 21 March 1966 ) , was a British diplomat , writer and Liberal Party politician .
Jaime Valencia ( 1916 in Quito -- 2010 ) was an Ecuadorian painter and sculptor .
Gloria Fonda ( 1896 - January 20 , 1978 ) was a U.S. actress of the silent film era .
George H. Kendall ( c.1854 - -1924 ) was the president of the New York Bank Note Company , that printed stock certificates .
Solomon Adler ( August 6 , 1909 -- August 4 , 1994 ) was an economist in the U.S. Treasury Department who served as Treasury representative in China during World War II . He was identified by Whittaker Chambers and Elizabeth Bentley as a Soviet intelligence source and resigned from the Treasury Department in 1950 .
Luigi Vannucchi ( 25 November 1930 -- 30 August 1978 ) was an Italian film , stage and television actor .
Bruno Metsu ( French pronunciation : ​(bʁyno mɛtsy ) ; 28 January 1954 -- 14 October 2013 ) was a French footballer and football manager .
Doina Badea ( 6 January 1940 , Craiova - 4 March 1977 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian singer of popular music .
Duchess Charlotte Frederica of Mecklenburg - Schwerin ( 4 December 1784 -- 13 July 1840 ) , was the first wife of King Christian VIII from 1806 until 1810 , before he became King of Denmark .
Wynne Ellis ( 1790 - -1875 ) was a wealthy British haberdasher , politician and art collector .
Rice Price ( born 3 January 1807 at Wroughton , Wiltshire ; died 30 November 1845 at Oxford ) was an English cricketer with amateur status .
John Chester Buttre ( 10 June 1821 Auburn , New York -- 2 December 1893 Ridgewood , New Jersey ) , was an American steel - plate engraver and lithographer , responsible for some 3 000 engraved portraits of American political , naval and military personalities .
Rafał Górski ( 22 September 1973 -- 4 July 2010 ) was a Polish historian , writer , anarchist , trade union and housing activist .
Thomas Tomkis ( or Tomkys ) ( c. 1580 -- 1634 ) was an English playwright of the late Elizabethan and the Jacobean eras , and arguably one of the more cryptic figures of English Renaissance drama .
Dinos Dimopoulos ( Greek : Ντίνος Δημόπουλος ; 22 August 1921 -- 28 February 2003 ) was a Greek actor , film director , screenwriter and theatre director .
William Patrick Ryan ( 1867 -- 1942 ) , was an Irish author and journalist .
Gotthardt Kuehl ( 28 November 1850 -- 9 January 1915 ) was a German painter and a representative of early German Impressionism .
Pope Gregory XIII ( Latin : Gregorius XIII ; 7 January 1502 -- 10 April 1585 ) , born Ugo Boncompagni , was Pope of the Catholic Church from 13 May 1572 to his death in 1585 .
George Alexander Hamilton ( 29 August 1802 -- 17 September 1871 ) was a minor British Conservative Party politician and later a prominent civil servant .
Richard Vicary ( 1918 - 2006 ) was a British artist and printmaker .
Emperor Gaozu of Tang ( 566 -- 25 June 635 ) , born Li Yuan , courtesy name Shude , was the founder of the Tang Dynasty of China , and the first emperor of this dynasty from 618 to 626 .
Makhdum Muhammad Ajmal ( 7 September 1919 , Ludhiana , India -- 1994 ) was an academic psychologist who established the first university psychology department in Pakistan .
Joseph Francis Joy ( September 13 , 1883 - February 1957 ) was born in the small mining town of Cumberland , Maryland .
Bayard Dodge ( 1888 - -1972 ) was an Islamic scholar and former president of the American University in Beirut .
Dame Adeline Genée DBE ( 6 January 1878 -- 23 April 1970 ) was a Danish / British ballet dancer .
Jean Batmale ( 18 September 1895 -- 3 June 1973 ) was a professional French footballer .
Otakar Vávra ( 28 February 1911 -- 15 September 2011 ) was a Czech film director , screenwriter and pedagogue .
Princess Joséphine Caroline of Belgium ( 18 October 1872 -- 6 January 1958 ) .
Carlo Randanini ( Rome -Turin , 1884 ) was an Italian painter , in oil and watercolor , mainly of genre subjects , including costume genre .
Jean Baptiste Louis DeCourtel Marchand ( died 1722 in Wetumpka , Alabama ) was a French soldier .
Pablo Vicente de Solá , ( 1761 - -1826 ) , was a Basque , and the twelfth and last Spanish colonial governor of Alta California , 1815 - 1822 .
Cyril Pearce ( 28 January 1908 -- 1990 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Charlton Athletic , Newport County and Swansea Town .
Edward Stafford , 2nd Earl of Wiltshire ( 7 April 1470 -- 24 March 1499 ) was an English nobleman .
Charles Dundas Lawrie ( 8 February 1923 -- 31 August 1976 ) was a Scottish International golfer , administrator , and golf course architect ; described as one of the best golfers of his era and as one of golf architecture 's finest representatives .
Andrew Picken ( 1788 -- 23 November 1833 ) was a novelist born in Paisley , Scotland .
Nicolas Geffrard ( 1871 - -1930 ) was a Haitian musician best known for composing La Dessalinienne , the Haitian national anthem .
Jacques Brown ( first name pronounced `` Jakes '' ) ( 23 August 1900 - 3 April 1975 ) was a British radio producer .
Laurie Thompson ( 26 February 1938 -- 8 June 2015 ) was a British academic and translator , noted for his translations of Swedish literature into English .
Ramón Belloso ( 1810 - -1858 ) was a Salvadoran military man .
Gerardo Emilio San Clemente Zárate ( 1818 Remedios , Antioquia - 1880 Barcelona ) was a photographer and painter from Colombia .
Theobald Stapleton , alias Teabóid Gallduf or Gallduff ( 1589 -- 13 September 1647 ) , was an Irish Roman Catholic priest born in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Ezekiel Abraham Ezekiel ( 1757 - -1806 ) was an English engraver .
Frank Lewis Dowling ( 18 October 1823 -- 10 October 1867 , in Norfolk Street , Strand , London ) was a British newspaper editor .
Perez ben Elijah of Corbeil ( died 1295 ) was a French tosafist , son of the Talmudist Elijah of Tours .
Onni Aukusti Mäenpää ( 5 January 1891 , Soini - 1933 , Petrozavodsk ) was a Finnish shoemaker and politician .
Arthur Lawley , 6th Baron Wenlock , GCSI GCIE KCMG ( 12 November 1860 -- 14 June 1932 ) , was a British colonial administrator who served variously as Administrator of Matabeleland , Governor of Western Australia , Lieutenant - Governor of the Transvaal , and Governor of Madras .
George Sullivan Dodge ( 3 August 1838 - 24 August 1881 ) was an American military officer and merchant .
Prince Peter of Greece and Denmark ( Greek : Πρίγκιψ Πέτρος της Ελλάδος ; 3 December 1908 -- 15 October 1980 ) was a Greek soldier and anthropologist specialising in Tibetan culture and polyandry .
John Bernard Lee ( 10 January 1908 -- 16 January 1981 ) , known as Bernard Lee , was an English actor best known for his role as M in the first eleven Eon - produced James Bond films .
George Layman was born at Wonnerup House in 1838 and resided there until his death on 26 March 1922 .
Henry de Cobham , 1st Baron Cobham ( of Kent ) ( c. 1260 -- 25 August 1339 ) was an English Peer .
Karl Georg Erwin Walter Caspari ( 26 July 1877 -- 29 July 1962 ) was a German military officer , policeman , and leader of a Freikorps militia unit named after him .
Keith Ransom - Kehler ( February 14 , 1876 - -October 27 , 1933 ) was an American Bahá'í and Hand of the Cause of God .
Nadezhda Chaikova ( Чайкова Надежда ) ( 1963 - -1996 ) was a correspondent for the Russian weekly Obshchaya Gazeta .
Thomas Brown Clark ( 1895 - -1983 ) was a Scottish painter who worked in oils , pastels and watercolours .
Giacomo Tebaldi ( died 1465 ) ( called the Cardinal of Montefeltro or the Cardinal of Sant'Anastasia ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Godas ( died 533 ) was a Gothic nobleman of the Vandal kingdom in North Africa .
Deryk Mendel ( 1920 - 28 May 2013 ) was a British ballet dancer , choreographer , actor and director .
Count Karl Leopold von Schlieben ( German : Karl Leopold Graf von Schlieben , 3 February 1723 -- 18 April 1788 ) was the Royal Prussian Minister of War between 1769 and 1772 .
Clara Elisabeth of Manderscheid - Blankenheim ( 1631 -- 7 April 1688 ) was canoness at Thorn Abbey and Essen Abbey and Deanness at Elten Abbey .
Thomas Mukarobgwa ( 1924 - -1999 ) was a Zimbabwean painter and sculptor who worked as a gallery attendant for much of his career .
Armand Vetulani ( 16 December 1909 -- 3 April 1994 ) was a Polish art historian and educator , first director of the Central Bureau for Art Exhibitions .
Gaspare Diziani ( 1689 -- 17 August 1767 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque or Roccoco period , active mainly in the Veneto but also in Dresden and Munich .
Joseph Vollmer ( 1871 - -1955 ) was a German automobile designer and engineer and a pioneering tank designer .
Leonard Carey ( 25 February 1887 -- 11 September 1977 ) was an English - born character actor who very often played butlers in Hollywood films of the 1930s , ' 40s , and ' 50s .
Alan Squire ( 9 February 1927 -- 12 June 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Rowland Dawkins ( died 1691 ) was a Welsh military colonel and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1656 .
Archibald Mosman ( 15 October 1799 -- 29 January 1863 ) was a Scottish - born merchant , grazier and whaler in New South Wales , Australia .
Karl Emil Ståhlberg ( 30 November 1862 -- 27 June 1919 ) was a Finnish photographer and engineer .
Lucy Godiva Woodcock ( 23 February 1889 -- 29 February 1968 ) was an Australian pacifist , schoolteacher , trade union official and women 's activist .
Richard Wooddeson ( 1745 - -1822 ) was an English jurist , Vinerian Professor of English Law from 1777 .
Sidsel Ulfstand ( died 1575 ) , was a Danish ( Scanian ) landholder and county administrator .
Jakob Sande ( 1 December 1906 -- 16 March 1967 ) was a Norwegian writer , poet and folk singer from Dale in Sunnfjord .
David Gaunson ( 3 September 1879 -- 7 March 1946 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Anwar Pasha ( Bengali : আনোয়ার পাশা ; 1928 - -1971 ) was a Bangladeshi author and novelist .
Ida Lupino ( 4 February 1918 -- 3 August 1995 ) was an Anglo - American film actress , singer , director and producer , a pioneer among women filmmakers .
Charles Roka ( Róka Károly , 1912 - -1999 ) was a Hungarian painter living in Norway whose name became synonymous with an excess of artistic kitsch .
Mollie Harris ( born Mollie Woodley , 23 June 1913 -- 2 October 1995 ) was an English actress and author , known for her appearances as village shopkeeper Martha Woodford in the BBC Radio soap opera The Archers .
José Datrino , known as prophet Gentileza ( 11 April 1917 -- 28 May 1996 ) was a Brazilian urban personality , kind of a preacher , which became known from 1980 by making quirky inscriptions under an overpass in Rio de Janeiro , where he walked in a white robe and long beard .
Leo Drabent ( 15 June 1899 -- 20 November 1944 ) was a German peace campaigner and Communist activist .
Hermann Wesel ( died June 1563 ) was a German ecclesiastic in Livonia , and the last Roman Catholic Bishop of Dorpat ( Tartu ) .
Sir Richard Grosvenor , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1604 -- 31 January 1665 ) was an ancestor of the modern day Dukes of Westminster .
Alta M. Hulett ( born near Rockford , Illinois , 4 June 1854 ; died in California , 27 March 1877 ) was a United States lawyer .
Ray Wartman ( 29 January 1915 -- 20 April 2008 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the VFL .
Marko Penov ( 2 October 1922 -- 24 March 1998 ) was a well known Serbian artistic woodcarver and restorer of artifacts .
Francesco Comi , also known as il Muto da Verona or il Fornaretto , ( Bologna , 1682 - 1 January 1769 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque Period .
Bahadur Singh Dhakad ( died 19 September 2007 ) was an Indian politician .
John Kingsmill ( 1 September 1920 - 6 August 2013 ) was an Australian author , actor and public speaker , and amateur social historian .
Fritz Tarnow ( April 13 , 1880 , Bad Oeynhausen , Province of Westphalia - October 23 , 1951 ) was an important Social Democrat trade unionists and Reichstag deputy during the Weimar Republic .
Roy Selwyn - Smith ( 22 September 1923 in Walton - on - Thames -- 16 June 2006 ) , was well known as a sculptor of English plastic figures and toy soldiers .
Shah Hussain ( 1538 - -1599 ) was a Punjabi Sufi poet who is regarded as a Sufi saint .
Edward Henry Carson , Baron Carson , PC , PC ( Ire ) , KC ( 9 February 1854 -- 22 October 1935 ) , from 1900 to 1921 known as Sir Edward Carson , was an Irish unionist politician , barrister and judge .
Mrs Gardner or Sarah Cheney ( fl . 1763 - -1795 ) was a British comedic actress and playwright .
René Fülöp - Miller , born Philip Müller ( 17 February 1891 -- 17 May 1963 ) was an Austrian cultural historian and writer .
Bakhtiyar ( Persian : بختیار , died 978 ) , better known by his laqab of ʿIzz al - Dawla ( Arabic : عز الدولة، , `` Glory of the Dynasty '' ) , was the Buyid amir of Iraq ( 967 - -978 ) .
Stephen Perse ( 1548 -- 30 September 1615 ) was an English academic and philanthropist .
Hughie Hay ( died 23 October 2012 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside forward .
Frederick Wicks ( 23 February 1840 -- 30 March 1910 ) was an English author and inventor , whose book The British Constitution and Government was first published in 1871 and ran to several editions .
García Gómez ( died after 1017 ) was a Leonese count , at least from 971 .
Patrick Duigenan , KC , BA , MA , LLB , LLD , FTCD ( 1735 - -11 April 1816 ) , Irish lawyer and politician , was the son of a Leitrim Catholic farmer surnamed Ó Duibhgeannáin .
Thomas Bevan ( 1796 ? - 31 January 1819 ) was , with fellow Welshman David Jones , the first Christian missionary to Madagascar , sent by the London Missionary Society .
Vikramaditya I ( Kannada : ವಿಕ್ರಮಾದಿತ್ಯ ೧ ) ( 655 - -680 CE ) was the third son and followed his father , Pulakeshin II on to the Chalukya throne .
Qutlugh Nigar Khanum ( also spelled Kutlak Nigar Khanum ; d. 1505 ) was the first wife and chief consort of Umar Shaikh Mirza II , the King of Ferghana Valley .
John Smart ( c. 1740 - -1811 ) , was an English painter of portrait miniatures .
Emma Eleonora Kendrick ( c. 1788 - -1871 ) was a British miniature - painter who was prominent during the reigns of Kings George IV and William IV .
Joseph Godfrey ( January 1894 - January 1977 ) , commonly known as Joby Godfrey , was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham , Coventry City , Manchester City and Merthyr Town .
Ernest Choquette ( 18 November 1862 -- 29 March 1941 ) was a Canadian physician , novelist , and politician .
John Edmund Sharrock Moore ARCS ( 10 May 1870 -- 15 January 1947 ) was an English biologist , best known for leading two expeditions to Tanganyika .
Tlacaelel I ( 1397 -- 1487 ) was the principal architect of the Aztec Triple Alliance and hence the Mexica ( Aztec ) empire .
Robert Jewell ( 20 January 1920 * -- 10 May 1998 ) was an Australian actor who mostly worked as a Dalek or other robot operator on Doctor Who in the late 1960s , also playing a cameo as Bing Crosby in the serial The Daleks ' Master Plan .
Henry Ogg Forbes ( 30 January 1851 -- 27 October 1932 ) was a Scottish explorer , ornithologist , and botanist .
Adelsteen Normann ( 1 May 1848 - 26 December 1918 ) was a Norwegian painter who worked in Berlin .
( Dudley ) Geoffrey Stewart - Smith ( 29 December 1933 -- 13 March 2004 ) was a British politician .
Benjamin Akzin ( Hebrew : בנימין אקצין‎ ) ( 1904 - -1985 ) was an early Zionist activist and , later , an Israeli professor of law .
Alexander Leslie - Melville , 7th Earl of Leven ( 7 November 1749 -- 22 February 1820 ) was a Scottish Whig politician and peer .
Frans Hendrik Karel Zaalberg ( 26 November 1873 -- 13 February 1928 ) was an Indo ( Eurasian ) journalist and politician in the Dutch East Indies .
Frederick Ringer ( 1838 - -1907 ) was a British merchant who took over Thomas Glover 's role as leader in the Nagasaki foreign settlement .
Ahmad Zaidi Adruce served three terms before passing on peacefully on 5 December 2000 , leaving behind a lasting legacy as a true nationalist and as his people 's first scholar .
Norman McKinnel ( 10 February 1870 -- 29 March 1932 ) was a Scottish stage and film actor and playwright , active from the 1890s until his death .
Hassen Belkhodja , also known as Hassan Belkhodja , born March 10 , 1916 in Ras Jebel , died November 29 , 1981 , was a Tunisian politician and businessman .
Djamaluddin Adinegoro ( 14 August 1904 -- 8 January 1967 ) was an Indonesian press pioneer .
Major General Sir ( Henry ) Cecil Lowther KCMG CB CVO DSO FRGS ( 1 January 1869 -- 1 November 1940 ) was a British general and Conservative politician , the fourth son of William Lowther .
Fiachnae mac Ainbítha ( died 886 ) or Fiachna mac Ainfítha was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid , which is now Ulster , Ireland .
Mesa Kincaid ( born Cheryl Holm ; 23 September 1956 - 6 September 2009 ) was a talk radio host in the Minneapolis - St . Paul broadcast area .
Ngụy Văn Thà ( 16 January 1943 - 19 January 1974 ) was a Republic of Vietnam ( South Vietnam ) naval officer .
Reg Spencer ( 1 December 1908 -- 16 March 1981 ) was an English footballer who played as a left half for Tranmere Rovers .
Henning Carlsen ( 4 June 1927 -- 30 May 2014 ) was a Danish film director , screenwriter , and producer most noted for his documentaries and his contributions to the style of cinéma vérité .
Anthony Bedingfield ( died 1651 ) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648 .
Joshua David Stone ( 7 December 1953 -- August 2005 ) was an American author and teacher in the Ascended Master Teachings ( sometimes called the Ascension Movement ) , a group of religions based on Theosophy .
Arthur Charles Fox - Davies ( 28 February 1871 -- 19 May 1928 ) was a British author on heraldry .
Maria Lidka ( May 27 , 1914 - -12 December 2013 ) was a German - born classical violinist .
Folgóre da San Gimignano ( folˈɡoːre da ˈsan dʒimiɲˈɲaːno ) , pseudonym of Giacomo di Michele or Jacopo di Michele ( c. 1270 -- c. 1332 ) was an Italian poet .
Alan Frank Guttmacher , MD ( 1898 - -1974 ) was an American obstetrician / gynecologist .
Tom Kromer ( 1906 - -1969 ) was an American writer known for his one novel , Waiting for Nothing , an account of vagrant or hobo life during the nineteen - thirties .
Surajit Chandra Sinha ( 1926 - -27 February , 2002 ) was born in Durgapur Upazila , of Netrokona District , in Mymensingh Division , then in Bengal and now in Bangladesh .
İhsan Sabancı ( 1931 - -1979 ) , a second - generation member of the renowned Sabancı family , was a Turkish businessman .
Emperor Xiaowu of Liu Song ( 劉宋孝武帝 ) ( 430 - -464 ) , personal name Liu Jun ( 劉駿 ) , courtesy name Xiulong ( 休龍 ) , nickname Daomin ( 道民 ) , was an emperor of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song .
Fred Whibley ( Fredrick George Whibley , 1855 - 1919 ) abandoned a career as clerk in a London bank to escape from the constraints and social expectations of respectability in the Victorian era .
Frank Bokas ( 13 May 1914 -- 1996 ) was a Scottish footballer .
George Hawking ( 22 March 1902 -- 25 November 1968 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Prince Whipple ( 1750 - 1796 ) was an African - American slave and later freedman who accompanied his former owner , General William Whipple of the New Hampshire militia , during the American Revolutionary War.hi
Thomas Savage , 1st Viscount Savage ( circa 1586 -- 20 November 1635 ) , known as Sir Thomas Savage , 2nd Baronet from 1615 to 1626 , was an English peer and courtier in the court of Charles I. Savage was the son and heir of Sir John Savage , 1st Baronet and his wife Mary Alington .
Thomas Hookham ( ca.1739 - 1819 ) was a bookseller and publisher in London in the 18th-19th centuries .
Edmond Thieffry ( 28 September 1892 -- 11 April 1929 ) was a Belgian First World War air ace and aviation pioneer .
Baron François Narmon ( 26 January 1934 -- 14 March 2013 ) was a Belgian businessman and president of Dexia Group and the Belgian Olympic Committee .
Gilles Lauzon ( Lauson ) ( 1631 - -1687 ) was a talented French coppersmith and a member of `` le grande recrue '' , a group of roughly 100 Frenchman recruited to populate the colony of New France .
Sir Robert Moray ( alternative spellings : Murrey , Murray ) ( 1608 or 1609 -- 4 July 1673 ) was a Scottish soldier , statesman , diplomat , judge , spy , freemason and natural philosopher .
Thomas McNulty ( born 30 December 1929 in Salford , Greater Manchester ; Died April 1979 ) was an English football player .
The World War and Its Consequences ( 1919 ) An Explorer - Scientist 's Pilgrimage : the Autobiography of William Herbert Hobbs ( 1952 ) .
Venkatraman Radhakrishnan ( 18 May 1929 -- 3 March 2011 ) was a space scientist and member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences .
Lucas Franchoys the Elder or Lucas Francois ( 1574 - -1643 ) was a Flemish painter of history paintings and portraits .
Gustavo Petricioli Iturbide ( 19 August 1928 -- 9 October 1998 ) was a Mexican economist who served as Secretary of Finance ( 1986 - -1988 ) in the last cabinet of Miguel de la Madrid and as Mexican ambassador to the United States ( January 1989 - -1993 ) .
William Niven ( 2 October 1850 -- 2 June 1937 ) was a mineralogist and archeologist noted for his discovery of the minerals yttrialite , thorogummite , aguilarite and nivenite ( named after him ) , as well as a set of controversial tablets .
John FitzPatrick , 2nd Earl of Upper Ossory FRS DL ( 2 May 1745 -- 13 February 1818 ) , styled ' Lord Gowran ' from 1751 to 1758 , was an Irish peer and member of parliament .
Friedrich Hartmann Graf ( 23 August 1727 -- 19 August 1795 ) was a German flautist and composer .
Zoubeir Turki ( 1924 -- 23 October 2009 ) was a Tunisian painter and sculptor of Turkish origin .
A bust created at his death , and dedicated by his son , was discovered at Smyrna , and art historians date it to around 135 CE . Ptolemy refers several times in his Almagest to a Theon who made observations at Alexandria , but it is uncertain whether he is referring to Theon of Smyrna .
Sidney Siegel ( 4 January 1916 in New York -- 29 November 1961 ) was an American psychologist who became especially well known for his work in popularising non - parametric statistics for use in the behavioural sciences .
Mateus Fernandes ( died 10 April 1515 ) , also called Mateus Fernandes the Elder , was a Portuguese architect .
Brikt Jensen ( 15 September 1928 -- 14 November 2011 ) was a Norwegian publisher , writer , journal editor , professor who also hosted a popular TV program about literature .
Nathaniel Ndazana Nakasa ( 12 May 1937 -- 14 July 1965 ) better known as Nat Nakasa was a South African journalist and short story writer .
Marie Cuttoli ( née Myriam Bordes ; 1879 -- 1973 ) was an Algerian - born French entrepreneur and patron of modernist tapestry .
Alexander Constantine Ionides ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Ιωνίδης or Κωνσταντίνος Ιωάννου Ioannou or Κωνσταντίνος Ιπλιξής Ipliksis ; 1 September 1810 -- 10 November 1890 ) was a British art patron and collector , of Greek ancestry .
Charles Chabot ( baptised 19 March 1815 - 15 October 1882 ) was an English graphologist who , as part of the firm of Netherclift , Chabot and Matheson , was an early practitioner of questioned document examination .
Bartolomeu Dias ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( baɾtuluˈmew ˈdi.ɐʃ ) ; Anglicized : Bartholomew Diaz ; c. 1451 -- 29 May 1500 ) , a nobleman of the Portuguese royal household , was a Portuguese explorer .
Robert Jocelyn , 3rd Earl of Roden KP , PC PC ( I ) ( 27 October 1788 -- 20 March 1870 ) , styled Viscount Jocelyn between 1797 and 1820 , was an Irish Tory politician and supporter of Protestant causes .
Francis Needham , 1st Earl of Kilmorey ( 5 April 1748 -- 21 November 1832 ) , known as Francis Needham until 1818 and as The Viscount Kilmorey from 1818 to 1822 , was an Anglo - Irish soldier and Member of Parliament .
Treat Baldwin Johnson ( 1875 - 1947 ) was an American chemist , born at Bethany , Connecticut .
Joe Darion , ( 30 January 1917 - 6 June 2001 ) was an American musical theatre lyricist , most famous for Man of La Mancha .
Paul Healion ( 3 June 1978 - 16 August 2009 ) was an Irish racing cyclist from Dunboyne , Co. Meath .
Bart Van den Bossche ( 17 April 1964 -- 6 January 2013 ) was a Flemish singer , actor and radio / TV presenter .
John Crawte ( December 1763 at Frensham , Surrey -- 7 October 1836 at Bexley , Kent ) was an English cricketer who played mainly for Kent .
B. Vithalacharya or B. Vittalacharya ( 18 January 1920 -- 28 May 1999 ) was an Indian film director and producer known for his works in Telugu cinema , and Kannada cinema .
Princess Vera Constantinovna of Russia , also Vera Konstantinovna ( Russian : Вера Константиновна Романова ; 24 April 1906 -- 11 January 2001 ) , was the youngest child of Grand Duke Konstantine Konstantinovich of Russia and his wife , Grand Duchess Elizabeth Mavrikievna .
Tra Hoa Bo Dê was a king of Champa from 1342 to 1360 .
William Ernest Cooke ( 25 July 1863 -- 7 November 1947 ) , generally referred to as `` W. Ernest Cooke '' or informally `` Ernest Cooke '' , was an Australian astronomer , credited with a number of important scientific breakthroughs and improved methodologies in astronomical observations and star cataloguing .
Etbin Kristan ( 15 April 1867 -- 22 November 1953 ) was a Slovenian labour leader and Social Democratic politician and writer during the late - Austrian - Hungarian and the Yugoslav monarchy .
Perry Broad , also Pery Broad ( 25 April 1921 -- 28 November 1993 ) was a Brazilian Non - commissioned officer SS - Unterscharführer , active at Auschwitz from April 1942 - 1945 as a translator and stenographer at the Auschwitz headquarters .
At the time of his death in May 1875 , Jeremiah Hamilton was said by obituaries to be the richest black man in the United States .
Carter W. Clarke ( died 1987 at age 90 ) was a U.S. Army intelligence officer and brigadier general .
Elvia Carrillo Puerto ( 1878 -- 1967 ) was a Mexican socialist politician and feminist activist .
Herman Wildenvey ( 20 July 1885 -- 27 September 1959 ) , born Herman Theodor Portaas , was one of the most prominent Norwegian poets of the twentieth century .
Vladislav Titelbah ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владислав Тителбах ; 1847 - -1925 ) was a Czech - born Serbian painter .
Derick Heathcoat - Amory , 1st Viscount Amory ( /ˈeɪmərɪ/ AY - mər - ee ; 26 December 1899 -- 20 January 1981 ) was a British Conservative politician and member of the House of Lords .
Tony Allan ( 22 September 1949 -- 9 July 2004 ) was a British broadcaster and voice over artist .
Guillaume Guiart ( or Guiard ) ( died c. 1316 ) was a French chronicler and poet .
Sir Robert Dillington , 2nd Baronet ( ca . 1634 -- 25 April 1687 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1685 .
Lady Sophia Burrell ( 1753 - -1802 ) was an English poet and dramatist .
Domingo Gribeo y Martin ( 1558 - 1649 ) was a Spanish Military , Mayordomo of Hospital , and Regidor of Buenos Aires during the Viceroyalty of Peru .
Morits Skaugen , Sr . ( 27 June 1920 -- 17 January 2005 ) was a Norwegian yacht racer and businessperson .
Brigadier General Sławomir Petelicki ( 13 September 1946 -- 16 June 2012 ) was the first commander of the Polish special forces unit GROM from July 13 , 1990 , until December 19 , 1995 .
Hermann Matthias Werrecore ( village of Warcoing , Pecq , ca . 1500 -- after 1574 ) was a Flemish composer in Italy .
Charles Whitworth , 1st Baron Whitworth ( 14 October 1675 -- 23 October 1725 ) was a British diplomat .
James Jeffrey Roche ( 31 May 1847 , Mountmellick , Queen 's County , Ireland -- 3 April 1908 , Berne , Switzerland ) was an Irish - American poet , journalist and diplomat .
Kanzen Teruya ( 1920 - -2004 ) was a physician who contributed much to the Okinawan medical world in postwar days .
Saint Michael of Chernigov or Mikhail Vsevolodovich ( c. 1185 -- Saray , 20 September 1246 ) was a Rus ' prince ( a member of the Rurik dynasty ) .
Sir John Anderson , 1st Baronet ( 8 May 1878 -- 11 April 1963 ) was a Scottish businessman , writer and lecturer .
Johann Albrecht Widmannstetter ( 1506 in Nellingen / Blaubeuren near Ulm -- March 28 , 1557 in Regensburg ) , was a German humanist , orientalist , philologist , and theologian .
Chen Cuifen ( 1873 - -1960 ) was born in Hong Kong as a fourth child .
Sir Thomas Gorges ( 1536 -- 30 March 1610 ) was an Elizabethan courtier and Groom of the Chamber to Queen Elizabeth I. By his great - grandmother , Lady Anne Howard , daughter of John Howard , 1st Duke of Norfolk , he was a second cousin of queen consorts Anne Boleyn and Catherine Howard .
Joseph Cooper Walker ( c.1762 - -1810 ) was an Irish antiquarian and writer .
George Stradling ( 1620 or 1621 -- 19 April 1688 ) was Dean of Chichester Cathedral from 1672 until his death .
Robert Dudley , 1st Earl of Leicester , KG ( 24 June 1532 or 1533 -- 4 September 1588 ) was an English nobleman and the favourite and close friend of Elizabeth I from her first year on the throne until his death .
Leon Festinger ( 8 May 1919 -- 11 February 1989 ) was an American social psychologist , perhaps best known for cognitive dissonance and social comparison theory .
Smohalla ( Dreamer ) ( c. 1815 - 1895 ) Wanapum nineteenth - century dreamer - prophet associated with the Dreamers movement among Native American people in the Pacific Northwest 's Columbia Plateau region .
Alf Frotjold ( 1929 -- 28 March 2001 ) was a Norwegian trade unionist and leader of the Arbeidernes Opplysningsforbund .
John Miley ( 1813 - -1895 ) was an American Christian theologian in the Methodist tradition who was one of the major Methodist theological voices of the 19th century .
Emmanouil Dadaoglou ( Greek : Εμμανουήλ Δαδάογλου ) ( died 1870 ) was a Greek anarchist and a central figure in the early era of Greek anarchism .
Jesús Silva Herzog ( 14 November 1892 -- 13 March 1985 ) was a Mexican economist and historian specialized in the Mexican Revolution and a member of The National College .
Warwick Buckland ( 1863 - -1945 ) was a British stage actor .
Robert Foster Kennedy ( 1884 - 1952 ) was an Irish - American neurologist .
Clive McCorkell ( 20 May 1910 -- 6 May 1962 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Capt . Nathaniel Morton ( 1616 christened -- 29 June 1685 ) was a Separatist settler of Plymouth Colony in Massachusetts , where he served for most of his life as Plymouth 's secretary under his uncle , Governor William Bradford .
Wesley Crawford ( 1901 Indianapolis , Indiana -- 9 January 1961 ) was an American racecar driver .
Paul Nazaroff ( Pavel Stepanovich Nazarov ) ( died 1942 ) was a Russian geologist and writer who was caught up in the Russian Revolution , and became the leader of a plot to overthrow Bolshevik rule in Central Asia .
Franz Schmidt ( 22 December 1874 -- 11 February 1939 ) was an Austrian composer , cellist and pianist .
Elsie Maud Wakefield , OBE ( 3 July 1886 - 17 June 1972 ) was an English mycologist and plant pathologist .
James H. Carson ( 1821 -- 1853 ) , a Second Sergeant in the US Army , boarded the U.S. Lexington with his regiment and set sail for California in 1846 .
Najim Abd - Jasem ( died March 2007 ) was an Iraqi trade unionist who was murdered .
Willem Wissing , known in England as William Wissing ( 1656 -- 10 September 1687 ) , was a Dutch portrait artist who worked in England .
Carl Haeberlin ( 15 December 1870 - -12 November 1954 ) , sometimes also spelled Häberlin , was a German physician and natural historian .
Abraham Booth ( 1734 - -1806 ) was an English dissenting minister and author , known as a Baptist apologetical writer .
Henry Paget , 4th Marquess of Anglesey Bt , PC , ( 25 December 1835 -- 13 October 1898 ) , styled Lord Paget until 1880 and Earl of Uxbridge between 1880 and 1898 , was a British peer .
Gaston Chevrolet ( 4 October 1892 -- 25 November 1920 ) was a French - born American racecar champion driver and automobile manufacturer .
Tankeu Noé ( died 3 January 1964 ) was a member of the Union of the Peoples of Cameroon ( UPC ) guerrilla forces in Cameroon fighting first against French colonial government and then against the government of Ahmadou Ahidjo in the Douala region .
Paul Lukather ( 1926 - 9 October 2014 ) was an actor and voice - over artist who was mostly known as giving voice - overs for many video games including Legacy of Kain series where he voiced Vorador .
Jochem Pietersen Kuyter ( died 1654 ) was an early colonist to New Netherland , and one of the first settlers of what would become Harlem on the island of Manhattan .
Ntare V of Burundi ( born Charles Ndizeye , 2 December 1947 -- 29 April 1972 ) was the last king of Burundi from June to November 1966 .
Mireille Marokvia ( 1908 -- 19 October 2008 ) was a French writer best known for her two books about her ordeals during World War II in Nazi Germany .
Sir Guy Stephenson CB ( 1862 -- 17 October 1930 ) was a British barrister , Assistant Treasury Solicitor and Assistant Director of Public Prosecutions .
Raymond of Poitiers ( c. 1115 -- 29 June 1149 ) was Prince of Antioch from 1136 to 1149 .
Thomas Herne ( died 1722 ) was an English academic and lay participant in religious controversy .
Willis Hardy ( 3 March 1897 -- 7 April 1972 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Antonio Comellas y Cluet ( born in Berga , in Catalonia , 16 Jan. , 1832 ; died there , 3 June 1884 ) was a philosopher .
Herbert Mackworth ( 7 September 1687 -- 20 August 1765 ) was a Welsh landowner , coal owner and MP .
Sam de Brito ( 30 January 1969 -- 12 October 2015 ) was a Sydney - born author and writer for The Sydney Morning Herald and The Age who wrote the blog All Men Are Liars .
Héctor David Delgado Santiago ( 23 December 1975 -- 15 January 2013 ) , commonly referred to by his alias El Metro 4 , was an alleged drug trafficker and high - ranking leader of the Mexican criminal organization known as the Gulf Cartel .
Ja'far Kashfi , Iranian Muslim philosopher , was born at Darabgard in Fars in 1775 or 1776 , lived all his life at Borujerd and died in 1850 - 1851 .
Sobey Martin ( 27 June 1909 -- 27 July 1978 ) was an American director of television and short films , mainly in the 1950s and 1960s .
Drita Pelingu ( 3 December 1926 -- 2 October 2013 ) was an Albanian film and stage actress , academic and director .
Bartholomeus van der Helst ( 1613 -- buried 16 December 1670 ) was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
Stefano Sertorelli ( 24 December 1911 -- 17 December 1994 ) was an Italian soldier and skier .
Nechtan mac Der - Ilei or Nechtan mac Dargarto ( Old Irish Nechtan mac Der - Ilei or Nechtan mac Dargarto ) ( before 686 - 732 ) was king of the Picts 706 - 724 and 728 - 729 .
John Lafayette Camp ( February 20 , 1828 -- 1891 ) was an American lawyer and planter from Texas who served in the Texas state Senate and as a district court judge .
Aquila Emil ( died 4 February 2011 ) was a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country .
Bo Eriksson ( 30 March 1922 -- 15 December 1982 ) was a Swedish fencer .
Adrien - Gabriel Morice ( 1859 - -1938 ) was a missionary priest belonging to the Oblates of Mary Immaculate .
William Julius Lowthian Plowden ( 1935 -- 26 June 2010 ) was a British political science academic and government advisor .
At any rate , Athinkhaya died on 13 April 1310 and the two younger brothers were still alive .
Ruth Mompati ( 14 September 1925 -- 12 May 2015 ) was a South African politician and one of the leaders of the Women 's March on 9 August 1956 .
Ignjat Granitz ( born Ignatz Granitz ; 1845 -- 17 December 1908 ) was a Croatian Jewish industrialist , philanthropist and publisher .
Marguerite Kuczynski ( born Marguerite Steinfeld : 5 December 1904 -- 15 January 1998 ) was a European economist and literary scholar .
St. Paul the Simple of Egypt ( d. ca . 339 ) was a hermit and disciple of St. Anthony the Great .
General Charles Ashe à Court - Repington ( 17 June 1785 - 19 April 1861 ) was a senior British Army commander and politician .
Ermanaric ( Gothic : Aírmanareiks ; Latin : Ermanaricus ; Old English : Eormenric ; Old Norse : Jǫrmunrekr ; died 376 ) was a Greuthungian Gothic King who before the Hunnic invasion evidently ruled a sizable portion of Oium , the part of Scythia inhabited by the Goths at the time .
Leon Bibel ( 1913 - -1995 ) was a Polish - born American painter and printmaker during the Great Depression .
Marharajah Churaman ( Hindi : चूड़ामण ) ( 1695 - -1721 ) was Zamindar of Sinsini and the head of Jat state of Bharatpur in Rajasthan , India .
Elisabeth Tamm ( 30 June 1880 , on the manor Fogelstad in Julita , Södermanlands län -- 23 September 1958 ) was a Swedish liberal politician and women 's rights activist .
Bart Kennedy ( 1861 - -1930 ) was an English novelist , memoirist and journalist .
Valborg Eriksdotter ( 1545 - 1580 ) , was the royal mistress of Magnus , Duke of Östergötland , between 1560 and 1567 .
Ruth Colvin Starrett McGuire ( 1893 - -1950 ) was an American plant pathologist .
Aharon Efrat ( Hebrew : אהרון אפרת‎ , born 20 March 1911 , died 16 May 1989 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Mapam between 1974 and 1977 .
Charles Michael , Duke of Mecklenburg ( German : Carl Michael Herzog zu Mecklenburg ; 17 June ( O.S. 5 June ) 1863 -- 6 December 1934 ) was an officer in the Imperial Russian Army , heir presumptive to the throne of Mecklenburg - Strelitz and from 1918 head of the Grand Ducal House .
Hywel ap Ieuaf ( died 985 ) was a King of Gwynedd in north - west Wales from 979 to 985 .
Henry Edward King ( 9 June 1832 -- 5 February 1910 ) was a politician in colonial Queensland , Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland 1876 to 1883 .
Beli Ram , Sri Swami Swarupanand ji Maharaj ( 1 February 1884 -- 9 April 1936 ) , was an Indian guru of the Advait Mat lineage .
Léon Motchane ( 19 June 1900 -- 17 January 1990 ) was a French industrialist and mathematician and the founder of the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques in Bures - sur - Yvette .
Jakob Wilhelm Hüber ( 1787 in Düsseldorf -- 1871 in Zurich ) was a German landscape painter of the 19th century .
Woodbury Kane ( 8 February 1859 -- 5 December 1905 ) was a noted yachtsman and bon vivant , and member of Theodore Roosevelt 's Rough Riders .
Karl Felix Wolff ( Italian : Carlo Felice Wolff ; 21 May 1879 -- 25 November 1966 ) was a journalist , poet , author and self - taught folklorist of the South Tyrol who collected and published Ladinian legends .
John Okemos ( Chief Okemos ) ( ca . 1775 - 1858 ) was a Michigan Ojibwe ( Chippewa ) chief .
Irving Sayles ( 1872 -- 8 February 1914 ) was an African American vaudeville entertainer .
Edward Manning Bigelow ( 1850 - -1916 ) , known as the `` father of Pittsburgh 's parks '' , was an American City Engineer and later Director of Public Works in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Herman Georges Berger ( 1 August 1875 -- 13 January 1924 ) was a French fencer and Olympic champion in épée competition .
Otto Šling ( 24 August 1912 - 3 December 1952 ) was born in Nová Cerekev , a village in south Bohemia , then part of the Austrian Empire .
Sir John Austen , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1640 -- 1699 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1667 and 1699 .
Alice Lucy or Lady Alice Lucy ( c.1594 -- August 1648 ) , born Alice Spencer , was a British puritan gentlewoman who was known for her charity and piety .
Şehzade Ömer ( 20 October 1621 - January 1622 ) was an Ottoman prince ( Turkish : şehzade ) , son of Sultan Osman II .
Frederick John Howard ( 1 March 1814 -- 28 February 1897 ) , was a British Member of Parliament .
Mu'izz al - Dawla Thimal ( died 1062 ) was the Mirdasid emir of Aleppo from 1042 until 1057 , and again from 1061 until his death .
Antonio Fernández Santillana ( 7 February 1876 - 6 December 1909 ) was an early pioneer in aviation .
George Winter Park ( 1834 - 1901 ) was an American politician who served as a member of the Cambridge , Massachusetts Board of Aldermen , in 1869 and 1870 and in the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Henry Lee II ( 1730 - -1787 ) of Alexandria , Westmoreland , Virginia Colony was the father of Henry `` Light - Horse Harry '' Lee III and grandfather of Robert E. Lee .
Bourchier Cleeve ( died 1760 ) was an English pewterer and writer of pamphlets .
Pietro Valpreda ( 22 June 1933 -- 6 July 2002 ) was an Italian anarchist , dancer and novelist .
Mustafa Hilmi Pasha ( 1840 - 1922 ) was a general of the Ottoman Army .
John Trehenban ( pronounced TREM - on ) ( 1650 - -1671 ) , of St Columb Major in Cornwall , United Kingdom , was a murderer sentenced to imprisonment in a cage on Castle An Dinas downs and starved to death .
Johann Melchior Roos ( December 27 , 1663 , Heidelberg -- 1731 , Braunschweig ) , was a German Baroque painter .
Marcellus de Niveriis , O.F.M. , also known as Marcellus of Skálholt ( d. 1460 or 1462 , at sea , near the coast of Sweden ) , was a German Franciscan and an adventurer who was the 26th Bishop of Skálholt from 1448 until his death but he never came to Iceland .
Janina Hosiasson - Lindenbaum ( 1899 - -1942 ) was a Polish logician and philosopher .
Giuseppe Natoli Gongora di Scaliti ( 9 June 1815 -- 25 September 1867 ) was an Italian lawyer and politician from the Mediterranean island of Sicily .
Savaş Buldan ( 1964 , Hakkâri-4 June 1994 , Bolu ) was a Turkish citizen of Kurdish descent involved in the Susurluk scandal .
Oliver St John , 1st Earl of Bolingbroke ( 1580?--1646 ) , known from 1618 until 1624 as 4th Baron St John of Bletso , was an English nobleman and politician .
Saint Sabinian of Troyes ( died 275 ) was a pagan who converted to Christianity ( tradition states that he was converted by Patroclus of Troyes ) , and became a martyr under Marcus Aurelius .
Mervyn Pinfield ( 28 February 1912 - 20 May 1966 ) was a British television producer and director working for the BBC during the 1950s and 1960s .
Reverend Edward Adey ( 1799 - 1876 ) was a Baptist minister and abolitionist .
Peter Benjamin Graham ( 4 June 1925 -- 15 April 1987 ) , was an Australian visual artist , printer , and art theorist .
Chancey Whiting , Sr . ( 19 August 1819 - 7 June 1902 ) was a Latter Day Saint leader who served as the second president of The Church of Jesus Christ ( Cutlerite ) from 1864 to 1902 , following the death of Cutlerite founder Alpheus Cutler .
Robert Snoden or Snowden ( Mansfield , unknown date -- London , 1621 ) was an English bishop .
Christopher Blackett ( 1751 -- 25 January 1829 ) owned the Northumberland colliery at Wylam that built Puffing Billy , the first commercial adhesion steam locomotive .
Sir William Twysden , 1st Baronet ( 1566 - -1628 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1593 and 1628 .
Kevin Greening ( 30 December 1962 -- 29 December 2007 ) was a British radio presenter , who co - hosted The Radio 1 Breakfast Show on BBC Radio 1 with Zoë Ball from 1997 to 1998 .
Philippa Pullar ( 12 February 1935 , in London -- 7 September 1997 in London ) was a British author and jet set personality best remembered for her exhaustively - researched 1975 biography of Irish - American author Frank Harris .
Alf Milner ( 6 February 1919 -- 2002 ) was an English footballer who made 35 appearances in the Football League playing as an outside right or wing half for Aldershot and Darlington in the 1940s .
Félix Faustino Outes ( July 29 , 1878 -- 1939 ) was an Argentine anthropologist , archeologist and linguist .
Brother Melchior Polowy CSC ( 1911 - -1997 ) was a Catholic member of the Congregation of Holy Cross .
Mawlawi Muhammad Hussain a.k.a . Jamil al - Rahman ( 1939 - -1991 ) was the leader of a Salafist state located in Afghanistans Kunar province .
William Kelly Wallace ( 1883 - -1969 ) was an Irish railway engineer who joined the Northern Counties Committee and later became Chief Civil Engineer of the London Midland and Scottish Railway ( LMS ) .
Eşref Bitlis ( 1933 -- 17 February 1993 ) was a general in the Turkish Gendarmerie , who died in a controversial plane crash .
Seka Gadiyev ( Ossetian : Гæдиаты Секъа ) ( 1855/57 - August 3 , 1915 ) was an Ossetian writer .
Marta Traba ( 25 January 1930 -- 27 November 1983 ) was an art critic and writer known for her contributions to Latin American art and literature .
Richard Boyle , 2nd Earl of Shannon KP , PC ( Ire ) ( 30 January 1727 -- 20 May 1807 ) was an Irish peer and Member of Parliament .
Clifton Brady ( 16 October 1894 -- 9 June 1963 ) was a Seattle architect and one of the founders of the architectural firm NBBJ .
James Arderne , D.D. ( 1636 - 1691 ) , was the dean of Chester .
Lü Zhengcao ( simplified Chinese : 吕正操 ; traditional Chinese : 呂正操 ; pinyin : Lǚ Zhèngcāo ) ( 4 January 1905 -- 13 October 2009 ) was a Chinese military officer .
Albert Frank Mockridge ( 21 October 1903 -- 27 March 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Cungagnaq ( date of birth unknown - d. 1815 ) is venerated as a martyr and saint ( as Peter the Aleut ) by some jurisdictions of the Eastern Orthodox Church .
Thorkil Vanggaard ( 1910 - -1998 ) was a Danish psychiatrist and doctor .
Lieutenant - General Henry Wray CMG ( 1 January 1826 -- 6 April 1900 ) was a Royal Engineers officer who arrived in Fremantle on 12 December 1851 and was responsible for carrying out the construction plans for Fremantle Prison for Edmund Henderson .
Arthur Cole , 1st Baron Ranelagh ( c. 1669 -- 5 October 1754 ) , known as Sir Arthur Cole , Bt , between c. 1691 and 1715 , was an Irish politician .
Rev Joseph Dacre Carlyle FRSE ( 4 June 1759 -- 18 April 1804 ) was an English orientalist .
Sir James South ( October 1785 -- 19 October 1867 ) was a British astronomer .
Whiteley Turner ( born 1866 at Higgin Chamber , Yorkshire , England ; died 20 February 1921 ) was a mill worker , shopkeeper and author .
Joseph Nicholds ( ca.1785 - -1860 ) was a player of the keyed bugle and a composer of sacred music , today known as West gallery music .
Johannes Bernardus van Bree ( 29 January 1801 -- 14 February 1857 ) was a Dutch composer , violinist and conductor .
Eftimios Youakim , BS ( born on 15 June 1886 in Qaytuleh - died on 19 May 1972 ) was an Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Zahle and Forzol in Lebanon .
Sir Thomas Peter Anderson Stuart ( 20 June 1856 -- 29 February 1920 ) was a Scottish - born professor of physiology , founder of the medical school at the University of Sydney .
Willem Pieterszoon Buytewech ( 1591/1592 -- September 23 , 1624 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter , draughtsman and etcher .
Giocangga ( Manchu : ; Chinese : 覺昌安 ; pinyin : Juéchāng'ān ) ( died 1582 ) was the grandfather of Nurhaci , the man who was to unify the Jurchen peoples and begin building what later became the Manchu state .
Dick Mullaly ( 19 June 1892 -- 11 June 1971 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dmitry Avaliani ( Georgian : დიმიტრი ევგენის-ძე ავალიანი ; Russian : Дми́трий Евге́ньевич Авалиа́ни ; IPA : ( ˈdmʲitrʲɪj jɪvˈɡʲenʲjɪvʲɪtɕ ɐvəlʲɪˈanʲɪ ) ; 6 August 1938 -- 19 December 2003 ) was a Russian poet and palindromist , who made important contributions to Russian visual poetry .
Alfonso Silva Placeres ( 19 March 1926 -- 16 February 2007 ) was a football player considered one of the best in the history of Canary Islands ' football .
Ralph Truman ( 7 May 1900 -- 15 October 1977 ) was an English actor , usually cast as either a villain or an authority figure .
Charles Kerremans ( 1847- 10 October 1915 , Brussels ) was a Belgian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera , especially Buprestidae and Cicindelidae .
Pabitra Kumar Deka ( 29 January 1940 -- 5 January 2010 ) is a novelist , humor writer , publisher and editor of a monthly magazine , film critic and script writer living in Assam in India .
John Cliff ( 7 March 1883 - -18 October 1977 ) was the first Assistant General Secretary of the Transport and General Workers ' Union and later a prominent London Transport board member .
Justice Sardar Ali Khan ( 5 May 1930 -- 8 November 2012 ) was former Chief Justice of Andhra Pradesh .
Federico Molero Giménez ( 11 January 1908 , Almería -- 1969 , Madrid ) was a Spanish physicist and inventor , who made pioneering studies of the potential of solar energy for human use .
Kheri is a place of some antiquity , and contains a tine tomb built over the remains of Saiyid Khurd , who died in 1563 .
Vidya Jyothi Osmund Jayaratne ( 2 October 1924 - -September 2006 ) was Sri Lankan academic and politician .
John Michael Hayes ( 11 May 1919 -- 19 November 2008 ) was an American screenwriter , who scripted several of Alfred Hitchcock 's films in the 1950s .
Samuel C. Brightman ( 1911 - -1992 ) was a journalist , war correspondent , freelance writer and adult educator .
Marie Stritt ( 1855 - -1928 ) was a German feminist and a leading force in the German women suffrage movement .
Xue Ji ( Chinese : 薛稷 ; 649 -- July 29 , 713 ) , courtesy name Sitong ( 嗣通 ) , was an official of the Chinese Tang dynasty , briefly serving as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Ruizong .
William Agutter ( 1758 -- 26 March 1835 ) was an English sermon writer and preacher .
Elizabeth Poston ( 24 October 1905 -- 18 March 1987 ) was an English composer , pianist , and writer .
Alexander Innes Shand ( 1832 - -1907 ) was a Scottish barrister and author , known as a journalist , critic , biographer , novelist and travel writer .
Balthazar Martinot ( 1636 - -1714 ) was a French clockmaker , and valet de chambre of the queen and of the King .
Robin Midgley ( 10 November 1934 -- 19 May 2007 ) was a director in theatre , television and radio and responsible for some of the earliest episodes of Z - Cars and for the television version of the Royal Shakespeare Company 's Wars of the Roses .
Sydney Horler ( 18 July 1888 -- 27 October 1954 ) was a prolific British novelist specialising in thrillers .
William Appleton Potter ( December 10 , 1842 -- February 19 , 1909 ) was an American architect who designed numerous buildings for Princeton University , as well as municipal offices and churches .
Hans Granfelt ( 26 October 1897 -- 5 September 1963 ) was a Swedish fencer and discus thrower .
Julius Vuylsteke ( Ghent , 10 November 1836 -- Ghent , 16 January 1903 ) was a Belgian liberal politician and writer .
Jakub Krčín ( June 18 , 1535 -- 1604 ) was a prominent Czech Renaissance architect and engineer .
Ramses Younan ( رمسيس يونان ; Minya , 1913 - Cairo , 1966 ) , was an Egyptian painter and writer .
Anna Sundström , born as Anna Christina Persdotter , ( 26 February 1785 in Kymlinge , Spånga -- 1871 ) , was a Swedish chemist .
Cynthia Payne ( 24 December 1932 -- 15 November 2015 ) was an English brothel keeper and party hostess who made the headlines in the 1970s and 1980s , when she was acquitted of running a brothel at 32 Ambleside Avenue , in Streatham , a southwestern suburb of London .
Aristides Paradissis ( 1923 - 2006 ) was an Australian poet and professor .
Jabir al - Kaabi ( 178~ - 1881 ) ( Arabic : الشيخ جابر الكعبي‎ ) was the leader of the Bani Kaab Arab tribe and the Sheikh of Khorramshahr ( `` Mohammerah '' ) during the 19th century .
Edward Ingersoll ( 2 April 1817 , Philadelphia - 19 February 1893 Germantown , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was a United States author .
Zhang Song ( died 213 ) was an advisor to the warlord Liu Zhang during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Robert Scott Troup CMG CIE FRS ( 13 December 1874 -- 1 October 1939 ) was a British forestry expert .
Robert Bayard ( 1788 -- 4 June 1868 ) was a doctor and writer from New Brunswick , Canada .
Giulio Viotti ( Casale Monferrato , Alessandria , 1845-Turin , 1877 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of orientalist and historic subjects .
Mihály Csutorás ( 7 March 1912 - 7 April 1956 ) is a Hungarian international football player .
Tarek Ben Halim died on 11 December 2009 aged 54 after being diagnosed with brain cancer 14 months earlier .
Stephen Woolls ( 1729 - 1799 ) was an English and early American actor and singer , and member of the American and Old American Company .
Battistina Vernazza ( secular name Tommasina Vernazza ) ( born at Genoa , 1497 ; died there , 1587 ) was an Italian canoness regular and mystical writer .
Ellsworth Hunt Augustus ( November 23 , 1897 -- May 16 , 1964 ) was an American businessman from Cleveland , Ohio who served as the tenth National president of the Boy Scouts of America .
Noxolo Nogwaza ( 1987 -- 24 April 2011 ) was a South African lesbian LGBT rights activist and member of the Ekurhuleni Pride Organising Committee .
Ludwik Narbutt ( 26 August 1832 - 5 May 1863 ) was a Polish noble and a notable military commander during the January Uprising .
Ethel McClellan Plummer ( 1888 - -1936 ) was an American artist who resided primarily in New York .
On 16 June 1933 , just two days after his return from negotiations in Germany , Haim Arlosoroff was murdered .
Rosella Rice ( 11 August 1827 - 6 June 1888 ) was an American author , born in Perrysville , Ashland County , Ohio .
George Godsalf ( died 1592 ) , of the diocese of Bath , was an English Roman Catholic priest who had been converted to Catholicism by John Payne .
Sir Arthur Frederick Peterson KC ( 1859 - -1922 ) was a leading barrister and an English High Court judge in the Chancery Division from 1915 to 1922 .
Yi Sang - ryong ( November 24 , 1859 - June 15 , 1932 ) was a Korean Liberation activist , serving as the third president of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea from 1925 to 1926 .
Alexander John Forsyth ( 28 December 1769 -- 11 June 1843 ) was a Scottish Presbyterian clergyman who invented the percussion ignition .
Marie Bosse , also known as La Bosse ( died 8 May 1679 ) , was a French poisoner , fortune teller and alleged witch .
Lazar Krestin ( 1868 - -1938 ) was an artist famous in the German art world for Judaic genre scenes and his many sober portraits of Eastern European Jews .
Jill Kitson ( 1938/39 -- 13 May 2013 ) was an Australian radio broadcaster and literary journalist .
Marco D'Arienzo ( Naples , 24 April 1811 -- 24 April 1877 ) was an Italian opera librettist .
Yelü Lihu ( 耶律李胡 ) ( 911 - 960 ) , also named Honggu ( 洪古 ) , courtesy name Xiyin ( 奚隱 ) , formally Emperor Zhangsu ( 章肅皇帝 ) , was an imperial prince of the Khitan Liao state .
N. E. Cameron ( 26 January 1903 -- May 1983 ) is a writer from Guyana who wrote on almost every topic from history and mathematics to politics .
Antisa Khvichava ( Georgian : ანტისა ხვიჩავა ; 8 July 1880 ( purportedly ) -- 30 September 2012 ) was a Georgian woman who claimed to have been born in 1880 .
John Henry Rasor ( 22 November 1849 - 5 November 1925 ) was a Plano , Texas , United States cotton farmer .
Jakob Seisenegger ( 1505 - -1567 ) was an Austrian painter used by Charles V. He won international fame for his use of full - length poses in his portraits , creating a model used by future artists , such as François Clouet .
Abd al - Malik Abd al - Wahid ( died 1339 ) ( also known as Abomelique or Abu Malik ) was a son of the Marinid sultan of Morocco , Abu al - Hasan Ali ibn Othman .
James Anthony Stodart , Baron Stodart of Leaston PC ( 6 June 1916 -- 31 May 2003 ) was a Scottish Tory politician .
Colin Whitaker ( 14 July 1932 -- 1 May 2015 ) was an English footballer who played as a left winger in the Football League .
Lieutenant - Colonel Thomas Howard , 3rd Earl of Effingham PC ( 13 . January 1746 -- 19 November 1791 ) , styled Lord Howard until 1763 , was a British nobleman and Army officer , the son of Thomas Howard , 2nd Earl of Effingham .
Howard E. Ross ( 8 March 1921 in Drumheller , Alberta -- 4 June 2010 in Calgary , Alberta ) was a pioneering land developer and builder in Canada .
Máel Mórda mac Murchada ( died 23 April 1014 ) was King of Leinster .
Yoav Yehoshua Weingarten ( 1845 - 1923 ) was a prominent rabbi and author of Torah commentaries .
David Rindos ( 1947 -- 9 December 1996 ) , was an archaeologist .
Henry Scrimgeour or Scrymgeour ( c. 1505 -- 23 September 1572 ) was a diplomat and book collector .
Gavin Lambert ( 23 July 1924 -- 17 July 2005 ) was a British - born screenwriter , novelist and biographer who lived for part of his life in Hollywood .
Richard Thomas Parker ( 1834 - 10 August 1864 ) was an English murderer who was the last person to be publicly executed in Nottingham .
Horace Gifford ( 1932 -- 1992 ) was a celebrated beach house architect of the Sixties , Seventies and early Eighties .
Jia Qiyun ( Chinese : 贾启允 ) ( 1914 - -2004 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Alexander Ivanovich Galich ( Russian : Александр Иванович Галич ; 1783 -- 1848 ) was a Russian teacher , philosopher , and writer .
Frédéric Cailliaud ( 9 June 1787 -- 1 May 1869 ) was a French naturalist , mineralogist and conchologist .
Marko Orešković ( 3 April 1895 -- 20 October 1941 ) was a Croatian ( and Yugoslav ) Partisan commander .
Waheed Murad ( Urdu : وحید مراد‎ ; 2 October 1938 -- 23 November 1983 ) was a Pakistani film actor , producer and script writer , famous for his charming expressions , attractive personality , tender voice and unusual talent for acting .
Sir David Ferrier FRS ( 13 January 1843 -- 19 March 1928 ) was a pioneering Scottish neurologist and psychologist .
Henry Beaufoy ( November 1750 -- 17 May 1795 ) was a British MP .
Hugh Lunghi ( 3 August 1920 -- 14 March 2014 ) was a British military interpreter and veteran of World War II . He served as an interpreter for Prime Minister Winston Churchill during the war , often accompanying Churchill to summits with other world leaders .
Ronald Richardson Potter MA ARCO ( 12 July 1879 - 4 May 1911 ) was a Scottish organist and composer based in England .
Miha Krek ( 28 September 1897 -- 18 November 1969 ) was a Slovenian lawyer and conservative politician .
Stephen St. Croix ( born Stephen Curtis Marshall ) ( 1948 - -2006 ) was a multifaceted American artist , audio engineer , producer , equipment designer and inventor .
Ferdinand Havlík ( 17 June 1928 -- 28 October 2013 ) was a Czech composer , film composer and clarinet player .
Henry Radclyffe , 2nd Earl of Sussex , KG ( also spelled `` Radcliffe '' ) ( 1507 -- 17 February 1557 ) was a son of Robert Radclyffe , 1st Earl of Sussex and his wife Elizabeth Stafford , Countess of Sussex .
Hwanjile ( r. 1740 - -1774 ) was a high priest and kpojito ( `` reign mate '' ) of the African kingdom of Dahomey , in what is now Benin .
Per Helmer ( 16 July 1897 -- 9 June 1966 ) was a Norwegian businessperson .
Alexander Cowan ( 17 June 1775 -- 13 February 1859 ) was a Scottish papermaker and philanthropist .
S. M. Subbaiah Naidu ( SMS ) ( Telugu : సుబ్బయ్య నాయుడు ) ( 15 March 1914 -- 26 May 1979 ) was a South Indian composer , conductor , and orchestrator .
Mary Flagler Cary ( 1901 - 1967 ) was heir to part of the Standard Oil fortune and became a notable philanthropist , mainly through the charitable trust established at her death .
Geng Jingzhong ( Chinese : 耿精忠 ; pinyin : Gěng Jīngzhōng ; Wade -- Giles : Keng Ching - chung ; died 1682 ) was a powerful military commander of the early Qing dynasty .
Franz Macoun ( 1881 -- 1951 ) was a German Social Democratic trade unionist and politician from the Czech Lands .
Claud Butler ( 14 July 1903 -- 2 November 1978 ) was a London - based bicycle dealer and frame - builder , who from 1928 created a chain of bicycle - retail shops in London and the Midlands .
Jakob Rosanes ( also Jacob ; August 16 , 1842 -- January 6 , 1922 ) was a German mathematician who worked on algebraic geometry and invariant theory .
Sonam Topgyal ( 1941 -- 30 December 2012 ) was Prime Minister ( officially Kalön Tripa ) of the Central Tibetan Administration ( Tibetan government - in - exile ) .
Mow Pang Tzu ( Chinese : 毛邦初 ; also transcribed as Mow Pang Tsu , Mow Pong Tsu , Mow Pang Chu or Mao Bangchu ; March 5 , 1904 -- June 22 , 1987 ) was a high - ranking military officer in the Chinese Chiang Kai - shek government .
Narathihapate ( Burmese : နရသီဟပတေ့ , pronounced : ( nəɹa̰ θìha̰pətḛ ) ; also Sithu IV of Pagan ; 23 April 1238 -- 1 July 1287 ) was the last king of the Pagan Empire who reigned from 1256 to 1287 .
Herbert Fryer ( 21 May 1877 -- 7 February 1957 ) was an English pianist , teacher and composer .
Qara Osman ( Azerbaijani : Qara Yuluq Osman Bəy , Turkish : Kara Yülük Osman Bey ) ( reigned 1378 - -1435 ) was a late 14th and early 15th - century leader of the Turkmen tribal federation of Aq Qoyunlu in what is now eastern Turkey , Iran , Azerbaijan and Iraq .
Arthur Treadwell Walden ( 10 May 1871 -- 26 March 1947 ) was a Klondike Gold Rush adventurer , dog driver and participant in the first Byrd Antarctic Expedition .
Madhira Subbanna Deekshitulu ( 1868 - 1928 ) is the creator of the famous Kasi Majilee Kathalu , series of short stories in Telugu language , known for their wit and humor .
Gene Miller ( 1928 - -2005 ) was a longtime investigative reporter at The Miami Herald who won two Pulitzer Prizes for reporting that helped save innocent men on Florida 's Death Row from execution .
Dorothea of Saxe - Altenburg ( 26 June 1601 in Torgau -- 10 April 1675 in Altenburg ) , was a princess from the House of Wettin by birth and by marriage Duchess of Saxe - Eisenach .
Dattatraya Ganesh Godse ( Devanagari : दत्तात्रय गणेश गोडसे , द. ग. गोडसे ) ( 3 July 1914 -- 5 January 1992 ) was an Indian historian , playwright , art critic , art director , theatre and costume designer , and illustrator .
Louis Wernwag ( b. Alteburg , Württemberg , Germany , 4 December 1769 -- d. Harpers Ferry , Virginia , 12 August 1843 ) was a prominent bridge builder in the United States in the early 19th century .
Harry Peckham ( 1740 -- 10 January 1787 ) was a King 's Counsel , judge and sportsman who toured Europe and wrote a series of letters which are still being published over 200 years later .
Arthur Lukyn Williams ( 1853 - 1943 ) was an English New Testament scholar at Jesus College , Cambridge .
Gerald Griffin ( 12 December 1803 -- 12 June 1840 ) was an Irish novelist , poet and playwright .
Emma Eliza Coe ( 26 September 1850 , in Apia -- 1913 , in Europe ) , known also as `` Queen Emma of New Guinea '' , Emma Forsayth , Emma Farrell and Emma Kolbe was a business woman and plantation owner of mixed American / Samoan descent .
Udaykumar ( 5 March 1933 -- 26 December 1985 ) was an Indian film actor and producer in Kannada cinema , who is renowned for his quality films .
Oskar Heinroth ( 1 March 1871 -- 31 May 1945 ) was a German biologist who was one of the first to apply the methods of comparative morphology to animal behaviour , and was thus one of the founders of ethology .
John Bovingdon ( 1890 - -1973 ) was a modern dancer - turned - economic analyst who performed regularly at the Kings Road House of architect R.M. Schindler in Los Angeles in the 1920s .
Nils Trygg ( 1914 - -1951 ) was one of the recognized masters of twentieth century woodcarving , most famous for the Scandinavian flat - plane style of woodcarving .
Alexander Bernstein , Baron Bernstein of Craigweil ( 15 March 1936 -- 13 April 2010 ) was a British television executive and a Labour member of the House of Lords .
Novica Radović ( Serbian : Новица Радовић ; born in Martinići in 1890 - died in Cetinje in 1945 ) was a Montenegrin politician .
Giovanni Paolo Foscarini ( fl . 1600 -- 1647 ) was an Italian guitarist , lutenist , theorist and composer .
George Gwilt ( 1746 - -1807 ) , also sometimes known as George Gwilt the Elder , was an English architect of the late 18th and early 19th century , particularly associated with buildings in and around London .
Tiberius Claudius Severus Proculus ( about 163-by 218 ) was a Roman Senator .
Robert D. Bailey , Sr . ( July 26 , 1883 -- 1963 ) , better known as R.D. Bailey or `` Judge Bailey , '' was a Democratic politician in West Virginia .
Albert Tschautsch ( 20 December 1843 -- 18 January 1922 ) was a German genre painter .
Fred Esmelton ( 22 June 1872 -- 23 October 1933 ) , was an Australian - born American film actor .
Jan Chiapusso ( 2 February 1890 -- 21 August 1969 ) was a Dutch , later American , classical pianist and teacher .
Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina ( c. 1525 -- 2 February 1594 ) was an Italian Renaissance composer of sacred music and the best - known 16th - century representative of the Roman School of musical composition .
Saint Germanus of Man ( Manx : Carmane ) ( c. 410 , Brittany - c. 474 , Normandy ) , also known as Saint Germanus of Peel , was the first Bishop of the Isle of Man .
Frank Schubert ( 1915 - -2003 ) was the last civilian lighthouse keeper in the United States .
Christopher Wittich or Christophorus Wittichius ( 1625 , Brieg -- 1687 , Leiden ) was a German - born Dutch theologian .
Norman Dodd ( June 29 , 1899 -- January 1987 ) born in New Jersey , was a banker / bank manager , worked as a financial advisor and served as chief investigator in 1953 for U.S. Congressman B. Carroll Reece Special Committee on Tax Exempt Foundations ( commonly referred to as the Reece Committee ) .
Boodgur Ramakrishnaiah Panthulu ( 26 July 1910 -- 8 October 1974 ) , better known as B. R. Panthulu , was an Indian film director , producer , and actor .
Alexandre Lagoya ( 21 June 1929 -- 24 August 1999 ) was a classical guitarist and composer .
Martin Snape ( 31 December 1852 , Gosport -- 24 November 1930 ) was an English painter who worked in a variety of media ( oils , watercolours , engraving , etc . ) .
Elizabeth Vesey ( 1715 in Ossory , Ireland -- 1791 in Chelsea , London ) was a wealthy Irish intellectual who is credited with fostering the Bluestockings , a society of women which hosted informal literary and political discussions of which she was an important member .
Havaldar Lalak Jan Shaheed ( Urdu : لالک جان ; 1967 -- 7 July 1999 ) is the last and most recent recipient of Nishan - e - Haider .
Isabel de Bolebec , Countess of Oxford ( c. 1164 -- died 2 February/3 February 1245 ) , was the eldest daughter and co - heiress of Hugh de Bolebec II , Lord of Whitchurch , Buckinghamshire , and his wife , Margaret de Montfichet .
Dahinien Gendānu , also Daxinnieni Geldanu ( c. 1926 - -1984 ) was an Uilta activist from Sakhalin .
Hymie Barsel ( 11 September 1920 -- 13 March 1987 ) was a South African activist .
Eric Littler ( 14 April 1929 -- 2009 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Crewe Alexandra , Leicester City , Lincoln City and Wrexham .
George Rayner Hoff ( 27 November 1894 -- 19 November 1937 ) was a sculptor who worked in Australia .
Samaraweera Mudalige Don Premakeerthi de Alwis ( 3 June 1947 -- 31 July 1989 ; commonly known as Premakeerthi de Alwis ) was a Sri Lankan radio and television broadcaster and lyricist .
August Lösch ( 15 October 1906 -- 30 May 1945 ) was a German economist , known for his seminal contributions to regional science and urban economics .
Felix Robertson ( 1781 - -1865 ) was an American pioneer , physician and Jeffersonian Republican politician .
Géza Wertheim ( 3 July 1910 -- 10 August 1979 ) was a Luxembourgian tennis player and bobsledder .
Friedrich Ludwig Abresch ( 29 December 1699 , Homburg - 1782 ) was a Dutch philologist of German origins .
Henry Stauffer was born in Ibersheim , Germany on 1724 and died November 27 , 1777 .
Ryszard Nawrocki ( 7 March 1940 -- 25 April 2011 ) was a Polish film and stage actor , known espacially for his voice skills and work in the dubbing industry .
Charles Vincent Fox , DSO ( 1877 - 1928 ? ) was a British army officer and rower who won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta in 1900 and the Wingfield Sculls in 1901 .
Strange Jørgenssøn ( 7 April 1539 -- 5 February 1610 ) was a Danish / Norwegian businessman and bailiff .
Irene Astor , Baroness Astor of Hever ( 7 October 1919 -- 12 August 2001 ) was an English philanthropist and member of the Astor family .
Tadevos Hakobyan ( Armenian : Թադևոս Հակոբյան ; 15 June 1917 -- 15 October 1989 ) was a Soviet Armenian historian and geographer .
Christopher Henry Muwanga Barlow ( 1 May 1929 -- 20 August 2006 ) was a Ugandan poet , notable for his poem `` Building the Nation '' .
Josif Rajačić ( 20 July 1785 -- 1 December 1861 ; Serbian Cyrillic : Јосиф Рајачић , also known as Josif Rajačić - Brinski ) was a metropolitan of Sremski Karlovci , Serbian Patriarch , administrator of Serbian Vojvodina and baron .
Dmitry Sakunenko ( Russian : Дмитрий Сакуненко ; 7 January 1930 -- 13 September 2014 ) was a Russian Soviet speed skater .
Alfredo Ovando Candía ( 6 April 1918 -- 24 January 1982 ) was a Bolivian president and dictator ( 1964 - -66 and 1969 - -70 ) , general and political figure .
Captain Frederick Libby ( 15 July 1891 -- 9 January 1970 ) became the first American flying ace , while serving as an observer in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I. Libby transferred to the United States Army Air Service on 15 September 1917 .
Giovanni Maria Falconetto ( c. 1468 - -1535 ) was an Italian architect and artist .
James Ranalph Jackson ( 1882 - 1975 ) was an Australian painter , perhaps best known for painting views of Sydney harbour .
Kim Hwa - jip ( Hangul : 김화집 , Hanja : 金和集 ; 26 May 1905 -- 8 July 2006 ) was a South Korean football player and manager .
Charles Walter Stetson ( 1858 - -1911 ) was an American artist often described as a `` colorist '' for his rich use of color .
Jean - Pierre Étienne ( Rochefort , 9 October 1754 -- French ship Amsterdam ( 1810 ) , off Texel , 31 December 1812 ) was a French Navy officer .
Selma Kronold ( 18 August 1861 , Kraków -- 9 October 1920 , New York ) was a Jewish - born Polish operatic soprano and pianist .
María Magdalena Guzmán Garza ( 16 May 1931 -- 12 March 2015 ) , better known as Magda Guzmán , was a Mexican film and television actress .
Veli Mehmed Pasha was executed on the orders of sultan Ahmed III in June or July 1716 .
Andrew Ray ( 31 May 1939 -- 20 August 2003 ) was an English actor , who was best known as a child star .
Margaret Meen , née Coleman ( died 1824 ) was an English watercolour painter .
Nancy Whiskey ( born Anne Alexandra Young `` Nancy '' Wilson , 4 March 1935 -- 1 February 2003 ) was a Scottish folk singer , best known for the 1957 hit song , `` Freight Train '' .
Thomas Barger ( 1909 -- 1986 ) was an American geologist , explorer , miner , businessman and former CEO of the Arabian American Oil Company ( formerly Aramco now Saudi Aramco ) .
Jean Joseph Martin - ( b. Mirecourt ( Vosges ) 1837 - d. Paris 1910 ) was a French Archetier / Bowmaker .
Mujtaba Musavi Lari ( 1925 -- 9 March 2013 ) was a Shi'a Twelver Islamic scholar .
Abdul Qadir Al Rassam,عبد القادر الرسام ) , 1952 - 1882 ) , was born in Baghdad , Iraq .
Johan Georg Raeder ( 1889 - -1959 ) was a Norwegian ophthalmologist known for his studies on glaucoma .
Leonid Kinskey ( 18 April 1903 -- 8 September 1998 ) was a Russian - born film and television actor who enjoyed a long career .
Frank Delos Wolfe ( 1863 - 1926 ) was an architect for clients across northern California .
Maria of Antioch - Armenia ( 1215 - -1257 ) was lady of Toron from 1229 to her death .
Victor Hubinon ( 26 April 1924 -- 8 January 1979 ) was a Belgian comic - book artist , best known for the series Buck Danny and Redbeard .
Robert MacGimsey ( Pineville , Louisiana 1898 - Phoenix , Arizona 1979 ) was an American composer .
William Palfrey ( 1741 -- 1780 ) was an American Patriot .
Erwin Raisz ( 1 March 1893 , Lőcse , Hungary -- 1 December 1968 , Bangkok , Thailand ) was a Hungarian - born American cartographer , best known for his physiographic maps of landforms .
Abdul Wahid Khan ( born 1872-died 1949 ) was an Indian classical singer , from the Kirana gharana .
Max Lacroix ( 9 February 1913 -- 6 January 2009 ) was a distinguished French actuary best known as a founder of the Groupe Consultatif Actuariel Europeen .
Ragnar Vold ( 22 November 1906 -- 16 June 1967 ) was a Norwegian journalist , non - fiction writer and novelist .
Isaac Nordheimer ( born in Memmelsdorf , Germany , in 1809 ; died in New York City , 3 November 1842 ) was a Hebrew scholar and educator who worked in the United States .
Dietrich Hogemann ( 1852 - -1917 ) was Commodore of the Norddeutscher Lloyd fleet of ocean liners .
Li Ezi ( Chinese : 李娥姿 ; 536 - -588 ) , later Buddhist nun name Changbei ( 常悲 ) , was an empress dowager of the Chinese / Xianbei dynasty Northern Zhou .
Gatluak Gai ( died 23 July 2011 ) was a member of the Sudan People 's Liberation Army ( SPLA ) who rebelled after the April 2010 elections and led a renegade militia in the volatile Unity state of South Sudan .
Gerald FitzGerald , 15th Earl of Desmond ( c. 1533 -- 11 November 1583 ) was an Irish nobleman and leader of the Desmond Rebellions of 1579 .
Gianni Ferrio ( 15 November 1924 -- 21 October 2013 ) was an Italian composer , conductor and music arranger .
Richard Elmhirst ( born 18 September 1803 at Ouslethwaite Hall , Worsborough , Yorkshire ; died 18 November 1859 in Lincoln ) was an English first - class cricketer associated with Cambridge University who was active in the 1820s .
Kurt von Gehlen ( * 9 February 1927 in Kiel / Germany - 17 May 1995 in Königstein i m Taunus ) was a German mineralogist and professor .
Frederic Hervey Foster Quin ( 12 February 1799 -- 24 November 1878 ) was the first homeopathic physician in England .
Mathias Wieman ( Carl Heinrich Franz Mathias Wieman ) ( 23 June 1902 -- 3 December 1969 ) was a German stage - performer , silent - and - sound motion picture actor .
J. Fred Metcalf ( 27 July 1899 -- 10 May 1975 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Edmund FitzAlan , 9th Earl of Arundel ( 1 May 1285 -- 17 November 1326 ) was an English nobleman prominent in the conflict between Edward II and his barons .
Robert Recorde ( ca . 1512 - -1558 ) was a Welsh physician and mathematician .
Heinrich Becker ( 1770 - -1822 ) was a German actor whose real name was Blumenthal .
George Combe ( 21 October 1788 -- 14 August 1858 ) was the leader of -- and the spokesman for -- the phrenological movement for more than twenty years .
Bartolomeo Triachini or Bartolomeo Tassi ( 1516 - 1587 ) was a Bolognese architect .
Hendrick van Streeck ( baptized 11 April 1659 - buried 19 November 1720 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter of church interiors .
Zhang Zhifang ( 張直方 ) ( died January 23 , 881 ? ) was a general of the Chinese dynasty .
Gus Pixley ( 1864 -- 2 June 1923 ) was an American actor of the silent era .
Daniel Thurston ( March 1 , 1719 Bradford , Essex Co. , Massachusetts - July 14 , 1805 Bradford , Essex Co , MA ) , was an Officer during the American Revolution , Member of the Committee of Safety , and a member of the Committee drafting the Massachusetts State Constitution .
Thomas Lauder ( or Thomas de Lawedre ) ( 1395 -- 4 November 1481 ) was a 15th - century Scottish churchman .
Henry Ley , 2nd Earl of Marlborough ( 3 December 1595 -- 1 April 1638 ) was an English peer and Member of Parliament .
Andrew Stuart Hibberd MBE ( 5 September 1893 -- 1 November 1983 ) was a British radio personality for 40 years .
James Winstone ( 9 February 1863 - -27 July 1921 ) was a British trade unionist Born in Risca , Winstone worked from the age of eight , first at a local brickworks , then at Risca United Colliery .
Prof James Pillans ( 1778 - -1864 ) LLD FRSE was a Scottish classical scholar and educational reformer .
George Kestell - Cornish was the third Anglican Bishop of Madagascar from 1919 until his death in 1925 .
Lewis D. Collins , often known as Lew Collins or Cullen Lewis ( 12 January 1899 - -24 August 1954 ) , was an American film director .
Don Juan de Santo Domingo de Mendoza Tlacaeleltzin Chichimeca teuctli ( died 1563 ) was the tlatoani ( ruler ) of Itztlacozauhcan in Amaquemecan , Chalco from 1548 to 1563 .
Daniel Stuart ( 1766 - -1846 ) was a Scottish journalist , and associate of Samuel Taylor Coleridge .
Jean - Pierre Latz ( c. 1691 -- Paris , 4 August 1754 ) was one of the handful of truly outstanding cabinetmakers ( ébénistes ) working in Paris in the mid-18th century .
Pramod Chakravorty ( 15 August 1929 -- 12 December 2004 ) was an Indian director and film producer .
Hasan Nazih ( 1921 - September 2012 ) was a leading Iranian civil rights lawyer , opposition leader and a former bureuacrat .
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hercules Green DSO ( 26 December 1919 -- 1 November 1950 ) was a senior officer in the Australian Army .
Frances Laughlin Wadsworth ( 1909 - 1978 ) was an American sculptor active in Hartford , Connecticut .
Fritz Lüddecke ( 23 February 1920 - 10 August 1944 ) was a Luftwaffe ( German air force ) fighter ace during the Second World war .
Otto VI , Margrave of Brandenburg - Salzwedel , nicknamed Otto the Short ( c. 1255 -- 1303 in Lehnin ) was a member of the House of Ascania and co - ruler of Brandenburg .
Charles Royle , Baron Royle JP ( 23 January 1896 -- 30 September 1975 ) was a British businessman and Labour politician .
Horace Francis ( 1821 - 1894 ) was a British architect , who often worked with his elder brother , fellow architect Frederick John Francis ( 1818 - 1896 )
Basil B. Bruno ( 1887 - 1955 ) was an American Republican Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing Monmouth County in 1924 and 1925 , and again in 1936 .
Dionysius Andreas Freher ( 1649 - -1728 ) was a Christian mystic , most famous for his extensive commentaries on Jacob Boehme .
Alex Sevanian ( November 3 , 1946 -- February 17 , 2005 ) was an American pharmacologist .
Laurent Dailliez ( died 1991 ) was a French history doctor who graduated from Ecole pratique des hautes études .
Georg von Kopp ( 25 July 1837 -- 4 March 1914 ) was a German Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Fulda ( 1881 - -87 ) and Prince - Bishop of Breslau ( 1881 - -1914 ) .
Duke Philip Sigismund of Brunswick - Wolfenbüttel ( July 1 , 1568 in Hessen am Fallstein -- 19 March 1623 in Iburg ) was a Lutheran administrator of the Prince - Bishopric of Verden and Osnabrück ( 1591 - -1623 ) son of Julius , Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg , Prince of Wolfenbüttel and Hedwig of Brandenburg .
Vane Featherston ( 1864 - -1948 ) was an English theatre actress .
Justin Meyer ( born Raymond Meyer , 11 November 1938 -- 6 August 2002 ) was an American vintner , enologist , and monk of the Christian Brothers .
Samuel Bleichröder ( 15 July 1779 -- 30 December 1855 ) was German Jewish banker and financier .
Ben Winkler ( 1902 - 1979 ) was a sound engineer and recordist in the U.S. film industry having some 135 credits to his name .
William Guy Wall ( 1792 -- 1864 ) was an American painter of Irish birth .
Balthasar Guersye , M.D. ( died 1557 ) , was an Italian physician who rose to high favour at the court of Henry VIII . On 7 November 1519 ' Thomas Roos of London , surgeon , was bound over in 100l .
Paul Sievert ( born 12 March 1895 , died 18 December 1988 ) was a German racewalker , best known for his achievements in the 50 kilometres race walk .
Sir Charles Lyell , 1st Baronet , FRS ( 14 November 1797 -- 22 February 1875 ) was a British lawyer and the foremost geologist of his day .
John Baptist Smith ( 1843 - -1923 ) is believed by some to have provided the most lasting contribution made by either side during the American Civil War .
Roger Toothaker ( November 27 , 1634 , England -- June 1692 , Province of Massachusetts Bay ) was a farmer and folk - healer who came to Massachusetts from England shortly after he was born .
Lesley Duncan ( married name Lesley Cox ; 12 August 1943 -- 12 March 2010 ) was an English singer - songwriter , best known for her work during the 1970s .
Horace Harvey ( October 1 , 1863 -- September 9 , 1949 ) was a lawyer , jurist , and a Chief Justice of Alberta , Canada .
Goparaju Ramachandra Lavanam ( 10 October 1930 -- 14 August 2015 ) , known popularly as G. Lavanam or Lavanam , was an Indian social reformer and Gandhian .
Kristian Prestrud ( 22 October 1881 -- 11 November 1927 ) was a Norwegian naval officer and polar explorer who participated in the Amundsen Antarctic Expedition between 1910 and 1912 .
Marjorie Kendig Gates ( 1892 - -1981 ) , best known as M .
William Henry Warren ( 2 February 1852 -- 9 January 1926 ) was an Australian engineer and twice president of the Royal Society of New South Wales .
Sarah Cobcroft ( 1772 -- 1857 ) was a midwife and farmer who emigrated from England to Australia .
Gopal Singh Nepali ( Standard Nepali : गोपाल सिँह नेपाली ) ( 1902 - -1963 ) was an eminent Nepalese poet of Hindi literature and a famous lyricist of Bollywood .
Vannozza dei Cattanei ( née : Giovanna dei Cattanei , but nicknamed `` Vannozza '' ; 13 July 1442 - -24 November 1518 ) was an Italian woman who was one of the many mistresses of Cardinal Rodrigo Borgia , later to become Pope Alexander VI .
Hoàng Thị Loan ( 1868 - -1901 ) was the mother of Nguyen Sinh Cung , later known as Ho Chi Minh , former President of North Vietnam .
Major Victor Marra Newland , MC , DCM ( 2 November 1876 -- 12 January 1953 ) was an Australian army officer and politician .
John Sartorius ( 1700 ? -- 1780 ? ) was an Anglo - German animal painter , the first of four generations of the celebrated Sartorius family of artists .
Cyriacus of Jerusalem was a bishop of Jerusalem who died during a riot in 133 AD .
Dr. Leon Geršković ( 2 February 1910 -- 1 April 1992 ) was Croatian Jewish lawyer , legal scholar and politician .
Andrew Pringle , Lord Alemoor ( died 1776 ) was a Scottish judge .
Louis - Zéphirin Joncas ( 26 July 1846 -- 28 March 1903 ) was a Canadian civil servant , journalist and politician .
Henry Evans ( c. 1832 -- 17 June 1905 ) was a conjurer , ventriloquist and humorist , born in Kennington , South London , who used the stage name Evanion .
Levi ben Abisha ben Phinhas ben Yitzhaq ; ( 1920 - -May 23 , 2001 ) , served as the Samaritan High Priest from 1998 until his death .
Atinolfo was the Bishop of Fiesole ( 1038 - -1057 ) and an opponent of Papal reform .
Federico Tedeschini ( 12 October 1873 -- 2 November 1959 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Holy Roman Church who served as Papal Datary in the Roman Curia from 1938 until his death , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1935 by Pope Pius XI .
William Sawrey Gilpin ( 4 October 1762 ( source ? ) -- 4 April 1843 ) was an English artist , drawing master and , in later life , landscape designer .
Baron Carl Fredrik Pechlin ( 8 August 1720 -- 29 May 1796 ) was a Swedish politician and demagogue , son of the Holstein minister at Stockholm , Johan Pechlin , and brother of Johanna Lohm .
Jean Dun , also known as Jean Dun `` père '' , ( ? -- 1735 ) was a French opera singer active at the Paris Opéra where he created many bass roles during the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
Wayman Crow ( 1808 - -1885 ) was one of the founders of Washington University , a St. Louis businessmen , as well as a politician .
Bridget Chaworth ( c. 1542 -- 18 April 1621 ) , later Bridget Carr , was a gentlewoman of the Privy Chamber to Elizabeth I and Queen Anne .
Yasui Sanchi ( 安井算知 , 1617 - 1703 ) was a Japanese professional go player , and second head of the Yasui house .
John Shank ( also spelled Shanke or Shanks ) ( died January 1636 ) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre , a leading comedian in the King 's Men during the 1620s and 1630s .
Edward White Clark ( January 20 , 1828 -- 1904 ) was the head of E. W. Clark & Company , a prominent financial firm in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Ranulph or Ralph de Mortimer ( before 1198 to before 6 August 1246 ) was the second son of Roger de Mortimer and Isabel de Ferrers of Wigmore Castle in Herefordshire .
Fred Paul Hedges ( March 27 , 1921 -- June 19 , 1999 ) was a master guitar builder and guitar teacher from Nashville , Tennessee .
John Cordier ( Oudenburg , 1 September 1941-Bonheiden , 22 January 2002 ) was a Belgian businessman .
Lambert Visscher ( 1633 , Haarlem -- after 1690 , Italy ) , was a Dutch Golden Age printmaker .
Francis Sheed Anderson CB ( 1897 -- 12 September 1966 ) , was a Scottish businessman , civil servant and Liberal Party politician .
Vice Admiral Glen Syndercombe SSA SD SOE SM MMM SAN ( Rtd ) ( 17 November 1931 -- 18 July 2005 ) was a former Chief of the South African Navy .
Leonidas Hubbard Jr. ( 1872 - -1903 ) was an American journalist and adventurer .
Sushila Sundari ( 1879 - 1924 ) was the first Indian woman to perform in a circus .
Shlomo Lavi ( Hebrew : שלמה לביא‎ , born Shlomo Levkovich in 1882 , died 23 July 1963 ) was a Zionist activist and politician .
Arthur Dick Pougher ( 19 April 1865 , Humberstone , Leicester , England -- 20 May 1926 , Aylestone Park , Leicester , England ) was a cricketer who played for Leicestershire County Cricket Club between 1894 and 1901 .
Dimitrie Paciurea ( Romanian pronunciation : ( diˈmitri.e paˈt͡ʃjure̯a ) ; 2 November ( 1873 or 1875 ) -- 14 July 1932 ) was a Romanian sculptor .
Tatiana Gritsi - Milliex ( 1920 -- 14 February 2005 ) was a Greek novelist and journalist .
Jean - Pierre Gury ( 23 January 1801 , in Mailleroncourt , Haute - Saône -- 18 April 1866 , in Mercour , Haute Loire ) was a French Jesuit moral theologian .
Antti Yrjö Hammarberg ( 14 September 1943 -- 14 January 1991 ) , professionally known as Irwin Goodman , was a popular Finnish rock and folk singer .
Ogier of Savoy ( c.1333 - -1373 ) was the second and illegitimate son of Aymon , Count of Savoy , and half - brother of Amadeus VI .
Michael Cacoyannis ( Greek : Μιχάλης Κακογιάννης , Michalis Kakogiannis ; 11 June 1921 -- 25 July 2011 ) was a Greek Cypriot filmmaker , best known for his 1964 film Zorba the Greek .
James Craigie Robertson ( 1813 - -9 July 1882 ) was a Scottish Anglican churchman , canon of Canterbury Cathedral , and author of a History of the Christian Church .
James William Barclay ( 1832 -- 26 February 1907 ) was a Scottish businessman , farmer and politician .
Rahul Dasgupta or Rahul Da ( 14 January 1943 -- 19 November 2012 ) was an independent Indian film director .
Maerten de Vos , Maerten de Vos the Elder or Marten de Vos ( 1532 -- 4 December 1603 ) was a Flemish painter mainly of history paintings and portraits .
Lauritz Galtung ( c. 1615 - 1661 ) was a Norwegian nobleman of the Galtung - family who was educated in the military , and became Admiral of the Dano - Norwegian joint fleet .
Benjamin Paul Blood ( November 21 , 1832 -- January 15 , 1919 ) was an American philosopher and poet .
William Duncan Silkworth , M.D. , ( 1873 - 1951 ) was an American medical doctor and specialist in the treatment of alcoholism .
Sir John Bamford Slack ( 11 July 1857 - 11 February 1909 ) was a British politician , member of the Liberal Party and Methodist lay preacher .
Aliqoli Mirza Qajar ( 1819 - 1880 ) , given the honorary title of Etezado - ol - Saltaneh , was a prince of the Qajar dynasty .
Robert Sayer ( 1725 - -1794 ) was a leading publisher and seller of prints , maps and maritime charts in Georgian Britain .
Field Marshal Richard Molesworth , 3rd Viscount Molesworth , PC ( 1680 -- 12 October 1758 ) , styled The Honourable Richard Molesworth from 1716 to 1726 , was an Anglo - Irish military officer , politician and nobleman .
Benjamin Pye LL.D. ( 1726 - 1808 ) was Archdeacon of Durham from 1791 to 1808 .
Stephen Cabarrus ( 1754 - -1808 ) held the office of the Speaker of the House of Representatives in North Carolina from 1789 to 1793 and from 1800 to 1805 .
Vicente Lusitano ( died after 1561 ) was a Portuguese music composer and theorist of the late Renaissance .
Frank Meechan ( 27 October 1929 -- 20 August 1976 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Petershill , Celtic and Stirling Albion .
Washington Lloréns Lloréns ( 28 November 1899 -- 21 June 1989 ) was a Puerto Rican writer , linguist , lexicographer , and journalist .
Kapitan Laut Buisan ( reigned : 1597 - -1619 ) , also known as Datu Katchil or Sultan Laut Buisan , was the sixth Sultan of Maguindanao in the Philippines .
Antonio Sciortino ( Ħaż - Żebbuġ , 25 January 1879 - 10 August 1947 ) was a Maltese sculptor whose work reflects several artistic movements , including Realism and Futurism , as well as the influence of Auguste Rodin .
Sidney Bradford ( 30 May 1906 -- 2 August 1960 ) went blind at 10 months of age , but regained sight on both eyes after a cornea transplant at the age of 52 .
Gustav Johann Georg Hellmann or Georg Gustav Hellmann ( 3 July 1854 -- 21 February 1939 ) was a German meteorologist .
Hurtle Rice ( 7 July 1884 -- 25 May 1960 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Thomas Lilburne ( died 25 March 1665 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1656 and 1659 .
Moses Blackman FRS ( 6 December 1908 -- 3 June 1983 ) was a South African - born British crystallographer .
António Jacinto , full name António Jacinto do Amaral Martins ( 28 September 1924 -- 23 June 1991 ) , was an Angolan poet and politician .
Frank Frankfort Moore ( 1855 - -1931 ) was an Irish dramatist , biographer , novelist and poet .
Robert Alanson ( by 1472 - 1540 ) of Lincoln , was an English politician .
Peter Cheeseman , CBE ( 27 January 1932 , Cowplain , Hampshire -- 27 April 2010 ) was a British theatre director who is credited with having pioneered `` theatre in the round '' .
Nimrod Jarrett Smith ( 1837 - -1893 ) , or Tsaladihi , was the fourth Principal Chief of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians .
Johann Erasmus Kindermann ( 29 March 1616 -- 14 April 1655 ) was a German Baroque organist and composer .
John Ferrett died suddenly from heart disease on 4 June 1894 at his home in Roderick Street , Ipswich .
Volkmar Gessner ( 9 October 1937 -- 8 November 2014 ) was a German university professor and a socio - legal scholar .
Brigadier Sir Joseph Frederick Laycock KCMG DSO TD ( 12 June 1867 -- 10 January 1952 ) was a British soldier , and Olympic sailor .
Edward Kossoy ( used the nom de guerre Marcinak ; 4 June 1913 -- 11 October 2012 ) was a Polish lawyer , publicist and an activist for victims of Nazism .
Alberto Zalamea Costa ( 24 August 1929 -- 2 September 2011 ) was a Colombian journalist , politician , and diplomat .
Stanford Robinson OBE ( 5 July 1904 -- 25 October 1984 ) was an English conductor and composer , known for his work with the BBC .
Gaius Cestius Gallus ( d. 67 AD ) was the son of a consul of ancient Rome and was himself a consul in 42 .
Fritz Steinbach ( 17 June 1855 - 13 Aug 1916 ) was a German conductor and composer who was particularly associated with the works of Johannes Brahms .
Jean Orillat ( 1733 -- 1779 ) was a Canadien - born merchant in Quebec who was captured by American supporters during the American Revolutionary War .
Sir Charles Edward Pollock , SL ( 31 October 1823 -- 21 November 1897 ) was an English judge , one of the last Barons of the Court of the Exchequer and serjeants - at - law .
George Gough ( 18 March 1900 - 15 April 1952 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Alan Rayson ( 26 October 1924 -- 25 February 1982 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John I , Count of Waldeck ( 1521 or 1522 -- 9 April 1567 at Landau Castle in Arolsen ) was the founder of the younger line of Waldeck - Landau .
Charles Lock ( 1770 -- 12 September 1804 ) was the British consul - general in Naples during the Neapolitan Revolution of 1799 .
Andreas Benedict Feilmoser ( born 8 April 1777 , in Hopfgarten , Tyrol ; d. Tübingen , 20 July 1831 ) was a theologian and Biblical scholar .
Apne Rang Hazaar is a 1975 Bollywood film , which was directed by director Ravi Tandon .
Déjà mort is a 1998 French drama film directed by Olivier Dahan .
Vic and Flo Saw a Bear ( French : Vic et Flo ont vu un ours ) is a 2013 Canadian drama film directed by Denis Côté .
The Battle of China ( 1944 ) was the sixth film of Frank Capra 's Why We Fight propaganda film series .
Konikar Ramdhenu ( Assamese : কণিকাৰ ৰামধেনু ) is an Assamese language film directed by Jahnu Barua .
Kallarali Hoovagi ( Kannada : ಕಲ್ಲರಳಿ ಹೂವಾಗಿ ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada historical period drama romance film directed by T. S. Nagabharana , based on a novel of the same name written by B. L. Venu .
Dabangg 2 is a 2012 Indian action film directed and produced by Arbaaz Khan under the banner of Arbaaz Khan Productions .
The Randomers is a 2014 romantic film from the Irish director Graham Jones about a young woman on the west coast of Ireland who places an advertisement seeking a male for a relationship without speaking .
The Fatal Warning is a 1929 mystery film serial directed by Richard Thorpe .
The Lovebirds is a 2007 Portuguese feature drama film directed by Bruno de Almeida , starring Michael Imperioli , John Ventimiglia , Joaquim de Almeida , Drena De Niro , Nick Sandow and Rogério Samora .
Questi pazzi , pazzi italiani is a 1965 Italian musical film directed by Tullio Piacentini .
Secrets of Sex ( 1969 , released 1970 ) aka Bizarre , is a British film , directed by Antony Balch , an experimental filmmaker and frequent collaborator with William S. Burroughs .
Varnapakittu ( Malayalam : വർണ്ണപ്പകിട്ട് ) is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by I. V. Sasi .
On a Day of Ordinary Violence , My Friend Michel Seurat ... ( Arabic : في يوم من أيام العنف العادي، مات صديقي ميشيل سورا‎ ) is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay .
These Three is a 1936 American drama film directed by William Wyler .
The Trick in the Sheet ( Original title : L'imbroglio Nel Lenzuolo ) is a 2010 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Alfonso Arau .
The Queen 's Flower ( Romanian : Floarea reginei ) is a 1946 Romanian film directed by Paul Călinescu .
Shirley Thompson vs. the Aliens is a 1972 film directed by Jim Sharman .
Antarctic Journal is a 2005 film , the feature film debut by South Korean director Yim Pil - sung .
`` Poor and Stupid '' was written and directed by series co - founder Trey Parker , and was rated TV - MA LV in the United States .
Curtain at Eight is a 1933 American Pre - Code film directed by E. Mason Hopper .
Midnight My Love ( Thai : เฉิ่ม or Cherm , literally `` old - fashioned person '' ) is a 2005 Thai romantic drama film written and directed by Kongdej Jaturanrasamee and starring Petchtai Wongkamlao and Woranut Wongsawan .
South Solitary is a 2010 Australian romance film set on South Solitary Island and directed by Shirley Barrett .
Rice Rhapsody ( alternative title Hainan Chicken Rice ) ( Chinese : 海南雞飯 , literally meaning `` Hainanese chicken rice '' ) is a 2004 film directed by Kenneth Bi .
Laughing Anne is a 1953 British adventure film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Wendell Corey , Margaret Lockwood , Forrest Tucker and Ronald Shiner .
Two - Gun Man from Harlem is a 1938 American low - budget western directed by Richard C. Kahn .
Below Utopia , also known as Body Count , is a 1997 independent film directed by Kurt Voss .
Sneha Sedu ( Kannada : ಸ್ನೇಹ ಸೇಡು ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada film directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao starring Vishnuvardhan , Ambareesh and Manjula in lead roles .
Mississippi Grind is a 2015 American comedy - drama film directed and written by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck .
The Soul of the Children ( Spanish : El alma de los niños ) is a 1951 Argentine drama film directed and written by Carlos F. Borcosque .
Ramdhanu ( English : The Rainbow ) is a 2014 Bengali family drama film , written and directed by Nandita Roy & Shiboprosad Mukherjee , the directors of Icche , Muktodhara , Accident and Alik Sukh , and produced by Windows and Jalan International Films .
Me & You , Us , Forever is a 2008 Christian film written , directed and produced by Dave Christiano , and upon whose personal experience of divorce it is based .
Sokol Did Not Love Him ( Sokol ga nije volio ) is a Croatian film directed by Branko Schmidt .
Teatertosset is a 1944 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks .
I , the Worst of All ( Spanish : Yo , la peor de todas ) is an Argentinian film directed by María Luisa Bemberg .
Scenes from the Goldmine is a 1987 American film directed by Marc Rocco .
Lure of the Wilderness is a 1952 romantic adventure film directed by Jean Negulesco .
Hannah Takes the Stairs is a 2007 American independent mumblecore film by Joe Swanberg .
Simha Gharjane ( Kannada : ಸಿಂಹ ಘರ್ಜನೆ ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film , directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and produced by A. R. Raju .
Woodstock Villa is a 2008 Indian musical thriller directed by Hansal Mehta and produced by Sanjay Gupta and Ekta Kapoor .
Snehitaru is a 2012 Indian Kannada Action film written and directed by Ram Narayan and produced by Soundarya Jagadish .
Kodathy is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Joshiy and produced by Prathapachandran .
The Wild World of Batwoman is a 1966 American science fiction superhero film directed by Jerry Warren .
Prema Raga Haadu Gelathi ( Kannada : ಪ್ರೇಮರಾಗ ಹಾಡು ಗೆಳತಿ ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Sunil Kumar Desai and produced by Jayashree Devi .
The Sporting Club was adapted into a 1971 movie by director Larry Peerce and screenwriter Lorenzo Semple , Jr. The film starred Nicolas Coster as Quinn , Robert Fields as Stanton , and Maggie Blye as Stanton 's wife , Janey .
Su íntimo secreto ( English : Her deep secret ) is a 1948 Argentine drama film , directed by Julio Irigoyen .
Biola Tak Berdawai ( English : The Stringless Violin ) is an Indonesian film directed by Sekar Ayu Asmara .
My Awkward Sexual Adventure is a 2012 Canadian sex comedy film directed by Sean Garrity and written by Jonas Chernick .
Varudu ( Telugu : వరుడు ) is a 2010 Telugu action film directed by Gunasekhar .
I Take This Oath is a 1940 American crime drama film directed by Sam Newfield , under the pseudonym of Sherman Scott .
Nobleza baturra ( The Nobility of the Peasantry , also known as Aragonese Virtue ) is a 1935 Spanish musical drama film directed by Florián Rey , and starring Imperio Argentina , Miguel Ligero Rodríguez , and Juan de Orduña , based on the play by the playwright Joaquín Dicenta .
Near the Rainbow 's End is a 1930 American western directed by J. P. McGowan for Tiffany Productions .
Anti - Clock is a 1979 film , an analytic drama in which dreams are imaged in computerized video , written and directed by Jane Arden , and co - directed by Jack Bond .
Em Magan is a 2006 Tamil family drama film written and directed by Thirumurugan .
The Sea of Trees is a 2015 American drama mystery film directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Chris Sparling .
Yaaron Ki Baraat is an upcoming Indian 2016 Bollywood comedy - drama film directed by Ikram Akhtar and produced by Vinod Bachchan , under the Soundrya Production banner .
Shaolin Rescuers aka `` Avenging Warriors of Shaolin '' is a Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Cheh .
Over the Brooklyn Bridge is a 1984 American comedy film directed by Menahem Golan .
A Fine Pair ( original title Ruba al prossimo tuo ) is a 1968 Italian crime - comedy film directed by Francesco Maselli .
Time of Fear ( Portuguese : Salve Geral ) is a 2009 Brazilian thriller film directed and written by Sérgio Rezende .
Super Troopers 2 is an upcoming American crime comedy film directed by Jay Chandrasekhar .
Baxter , Vera Baxter is a 1977 French film directed by Marguerite Duras , based on her then - unpublished novel Vera Baxter ou les Plages de l'Atlantique .
Queen of the Mob is a 1940 American film ( also known as The Woman from Hell ) , directed by James P. Hogan .
Eternal Allegiance ( German : In Treue stark ) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Heinrich Brandt and starring Otto Gebühr , Claire Rommer and Paul Richter .
Riders of the Plains is a 1924 Western film serial directed by Jacques Jaccard .
Battle for Haditha is a 2007 drama film directed by British director Nick Broomfield based on the Haditha killings .
Wag the Dog is a 1997 black comedy film produced and directed by Barry Levinson .
Talakjung vs Tulke ( Nepali : टलकजंग भर्सेस टुल्के ) is a 2014 Nepalese drama film directed by Nischal Basnet .
La Petite Vendeuse de Soleil ( or The Little Girl Who Sold the Sun ) is a 1999 Senegalese short drama film , directed by Djibril Diop Mambéty which premiered posthumously after his death in 1998 .
Rowing with the Wind aka Remando al viento ( Spanish title ) is a 1988 Spanish film written and directed by Gonzalo Suárez .
Gharwali Baharwali is a 1998 Bollywood comedy drama film directed by David Dhawan and produced by Tutu Sharma .
Peege is an award - winning 1973 short student film , written and directed by Randal Kleiser , about a family 's visit to an elderly relative in a nursing home .
The Yellow Back is a 1926 silent film western directed by Del Andrews and produced and distributed by Universal Pictures .
Where Danger Lives is a 1950 film noir thriller directed by John Farrow .
Velocity Trap is a 1997 film , directed by Phillip J. Roth .
Dance Raja Dance ( Kannada : ಡಾನ್ಸ್ ರಾಜ ಡಾನ್ಸ್ ) is a 1987 Kannada dance film directed and produced by Dwarakish for his Dwarakish Chitra banner .
The Crime of Cuenca ( Spanish : El crimen de Cuenca ) is a Spanish drama film ( made in 1980 ) , directed by Pilar Miró and based on historical facts from the early 20th century in the Spanish province of Cuenca .
Ondagi Balu ( Kannada : ಒಂದಾಗಿ ಬಾಳು ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by Vijaya Shankar Bhat .
Tragic Return ( Italian : Tragico ritorno ) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Pier Luigi Faraldo .
Keep It Up Downstairs is a 1976 British sex comedy film directed by Robert Young and starring Diana Dors , Jack Wild and William Rushton .
Dude , Where 's My Car ? is a 2000 American stoner comedy film directed by Danny Leiner .
The Curse of the Living Corpse is a 1964 low - budget American horror film written , directed , and produced by Del Tenney .
Zabak is a 1961 Hindi / Urdu action costume drama film produced and directed by Homi Wadia for his Basant Pictures under the Wadia Productions banner .
A Difficult Life ( Italian : Una vita difficile ) is a Commedia all'italiana or Italian - style comedy film directed by Dino Risi in 1961 .
The Cold Room is a 1984 cable television film by James Dearden .
La Vuelta de Martín Fierro is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Enrique Dawi and based on the second part of the poem Martín Fierro by José Hernández .
Won on the Post is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe set against a backdrop of horseracing .
Senza colpa ! is a 1915 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone .
35 & Ticking ( also known as Russ Parr 's 35 & Ticking or 35 and Ticking ) is an American romantic comedy film written and directed by Russ Parr .
We Do n't Live Here Anymore is a 2004 drama film directed by John Curran .
Caroline at Midnight is a 1994 romantic / thriller film , written by Travis Rink and directed by Scott McGinnis .
The Point Men is a 2001 action crime thriller film by John Glen , the director of all the James Bond films in the 1980s , about a team of Israeli agents being killed off one - by - one after a botched anti - terrorist operation .
The Rescue on the River ( French : Sauvetage en rivière ) was an 1896 short silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Pennpada is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Crossbelt Mani and produced by CP Sreedharan , P Appu Nair and KV Nair .
Under Mexicali Stars is a 1950 American Western film directed by George Blair and written by Robert Creighton Williams .
The Diva ( German : Die Garde - Diva ) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Kurt Blachy .
Without Warning ! is a 1952 film noir directed by Arnold Laven .
Zoran , My Nephew the Idiot ( Italian : Zoran , il mio nipote scemo ) is a 2013 Italian - Slovenian comedy film directed by Matteo Oleotto .
Murder in Coweta County was a 1983 television movie produced by Dick Atkins & Michael Lepiner , directed by Gary Nelson , and written by Dennis Nemec based on Barnes ' book .
The Donovan Affair is a 1929 American Pre - Code comedic murder - mystery film directed by Frank Capra .
Kanał ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈkanaw ) , Sewer ) is a 1956 Polish film directed by Andrzej Wajda .
Languid Kisses , Wet Caresses ( Italian : Languidi baci ... perfide carezze ) is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Alfredo Angeli .
Bulgarian Lovers ( Los novios búlgaros ) is a 2003 Spanish drama film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia .
Sir Galahad of Twilight is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres and written by Marie Layet .
The Testing Block is a 1920 American Western silent film directed by Lambert Hillyer and written by Lambert Hillyer and William S. Hart .
Frozen Justice is a 1929 American partially sound drama film with a synchronized soundtrack featuring music and sound effects directed by Allan Dwan .
Meet My Sister is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Jean Daumery and starring Clifford Mollison , Constance Shotter and Enid Stamp - Taylor .
Chased by the Dogs or The Thief and the Dogs ( Arabic : اللص والكلاب‎ , translit . El less wal kilab ) is a 1962 Egyptian film directed by Kamal El Sheikh , based on the novel The Thief and the Dogs by Naguib Mahfouz .
Ee Jeeva Ninagagi ( Kannada : ಈ ಜೀವ ನಿನಗಾಗಿ ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada film , directed by V. Somashekhar and produced by Vijaya Shankar Bhat .
Door Ki Awaaz is a 1964 Indian Family , Suspense Drama movie directed by Devendra Goel .
Five Miles to Midnight ( French : Le Couteau dans la plaie , literally The Knife in the wound ) is a 1962 internationally co - produced drama film directed by Anatole Litvak .
Dada 's Dance ( simplified Chinese : 达达 ; traditional Chinese : 達達 ; pinyin : Dádá ) is a 2008 Chinese film directed by the leading sixth generation director , Zhang Yuan .
In 1962 , German entertainer Peter Frankenfeld and director Heinz Dunkhase discovered Dinner for One in Blackpool .
The Love Route is a 1915 American Western silent film directed by Allan Dwan and written by Allan Dwan and Edward Henry Peple .
Divot Diggers is a 1936 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan ;
Unvanquished City ( Polish : Robinson warszawski , Polish : Miasto nieujarzmione ) is a 1950 Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Zarzycki .
The Appeared ( also known as Aparecidos ) is a 2007 Spanish language horror film that was directed and written by Paco Cabezas .
Catherine de Heilbronn is a 1980 French TV film made by Éric Rohmer for the television channel Antenne 2 .
Why Do They Call It Love When They Mean Sex ? ( Spanish : ¿ Por qué lo llaman amor cuando quieren decir sexo ? ) is a 1993 Spanish film directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira .
Neon Bull ( Portuguese : Boi neon ) is a 2015 Brazilian drama film directed by Gabriel Mascaro .
Death Mills ( or Die Todesmühlen ) is a 1945 American film directed by Billy Wilder and produced by the United States Department of War .
Law of the Wolf is a 1939 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray and featuring Rin Tin Tin III . The film is also known as Law of the Wild ( American reissue title ) .
Caminito de Gloria is a 1939 Argentine musical melodrama film written and directed by Luis César Amadori .
Siao Yu ( Chinese : 少女小漁 ) is a Taiwanese film directed by Sylvia Chang , written by Sylvia Chang and Ang Lee , starring Rene Liu in her debut film role , released in 1995 .
Keep Away from the Window ( Polish : Daleko od okna ) is a 2000 Polish drama film directed by Jan Jakub Kolski .
The Secret of Johann Orth ( German : Das Geheimnis um Johann Orth ) is a 1932 German historical drama film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Karl Ludwig Diehl , Ellen Richter and Paul Wegener .
Nøddebo Præstegård ( Nøddebo Parsonage ) is a 1934 Danish family film Christmas classic directed by George Schnéevoigt and written by frequent collaborator Fleming Lynge with the score by Kai Normann Andersen .
Sone Yay ( Burmese : စုန်ရေ ; Downstream ) is a 1990 Burmese drama film directed by Kyi Soe Tun .
Stars Over Texas is a 1946 American film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey .
The Final Mask ( German : Die letzte Maske ) is a 1924 German silent drama film directed by Emmerich Hanus and starring Margarete Lanner and Wilhelm Diegelmann .
If I Were Free is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Elliott Nugent and written by Dwight Taylor .
Jasamine Freckel 's Love Affair is a 1921 short Australian silent film directed by P.J. Ramster .
Thou Wast Mild and Lovely is a 2014 experimental thriller film written and directed by Josephine Decker .
Mooruvare Vajragalu ( Kannada : ಮೂರೂವರೆ ವಜ್ರಗಳು ) is a 1973 Indian Kannada film , directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by I Krishnamurthy and C H Madhava Ravu .
Boca a boca ( released in English as Mouth to Mouth ) is a 1995 Spanish film directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira .
The Aggression Scale is a 2012 action film directed by Steven C. Miller .
Retreat , Hell ! is a 1952 American war film about the 1st Marine Division in the Korean War , directed by Joseph H. Lewis .
Des journées entières dans les arbres ( in English , Entire Days in the Trees ) is a 1976 French film directed by Marguerite Duras , based on her novel .
Greaser 's Palace is a 1972 American acid western cult film directed by underground filmmaker Robert Downey , Sr . A parable based on the life of Christ , it utilizes surrealist comedy in a setting of America 's frontier days .
Lagna Pathrike ( Kannada : ಲಗ್ನ ಪತ್ರಿಕೆ ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. L. Swamy and produced by A M Sameevulla .
A Virginia Courtship is a 1921 American drama silent film directed by Frank O'Connor and written by Edfrid A. Bingham and Eugene Wiley Presbrey .
Total Corruption ( aka Chi Chi LaRue 's Total Corruption ) is a 1993 gay pornographic feature - length video about a newbie cop and his comrades .
Four Sheets to the Wind is a 2007 independent drama film written and directed by Sterlin Harjo .
The Story of Joseph and His Brethren ( Italian : Giuseppe venduto dai fratelli ) is a 1961 Yugoslavian / Italian film directed by Irving Rapper and Luciano Ricci .
Next Stop Wonderland is a 1998 American romantic comedy film directed by Brad Anderson and written by Anderson and Lyn Vaus .
Stand Up and Cheer ! is a 1934 American musical film directed by Hamilton MacFadden .
A Daughter of Luxury is a 1922 American comedy silent film directed by Paul Powell and written by Beulah Marie Dix , Leonard Merrick and Michael Morton .
Punch and Jody ( 1974 ) is a NBC TV movie , starring Glenn Ford and directed by Barry Shear
The Chain Reaction ( also known as Chain Reaction ) is a 1980 Australian independent action / disaster / thriller film directed and written by Ian Barry .
Chaurahen is an Indian drama film directed by Rajshree Ojha , starring Zeenat Aman , Kiera Chaplin , Rupa Ganguly in the lead roles .
Nurse Cavell is a 1916 Australian feature - length film directed by W. J. Lincoln about the execution of Edith Cavell during World War I. It was also known as Edith Cavell .
Thomas Kinkade 's Home for Christmas , also known as Thomas Kinkade 's Christmas Cottage , is a 2008 Christmas biopic directed by Michael Campus .
Holding Trevor is a 2007 gay American romantic - drama written by and starring Brent Gorski as Trevor and produced and directed by Rosser Goodman .
The Last Meeting ( Spanish : Último encuentro ) is a 1967 Spanish drama film directed by Antonio Eceiza .
Like Rabid Dogs ( Italian : Come cani arrabbiati ) is a 1976 Italian crime - thriller film written and directed by Mario Imperoli .
Unearthly Stranger is a low - budget British sci - fi film , directed by John Krish for producers Julian Wintle and Leslie Parkyn , and released in the UK by Independent Artists ( Production ) Limited in 1964 .
Never Trouble Trouble is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring Lane , Renee Clama and Jack Hobbs .
Kadhaludan ( English : With Love ) is a 2003 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by Rajakumaran .
His Majesty 's Adjutant ( Czech : Der Adjutant seiner Hoheit ) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič .
Danger Patrol is a 1937 American drama film directed by Lew Landers from a screenplay by Sy Bartlett based on a story by Helen Vreeland and Hilda Vincent .
Rebel Intruders ( also known as Killer Army ) is a Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Cheh and starring the Venom Mob .
Seraphim Falls is a 2006 American revenge film directed by television producer and director David Von Ancken in his first feature film .
`` The Robbery '' was written by Matt Goldman , a firstimer , therefore making this episode the first not to be written by Seinfeld or David and the only one not written by Seinfeld and David for the season , and directed by Tom Cherones , during the course of the first production season .
Count Festenberg ( German : Graf Festenberg ) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Urban Gad and Frederic Zelnik and starring Charles Willy Kayser , Harald Paulsen and Heinrich Peer .
The Pearl of Cleopatra ( Italian : Le perle di Cleopatra ) is a 1922 Italian silent film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Carlo Aldini .
18 Vayasu is a 2012 Indian Tamil psychological thriller film written and directed by R. Panneerselvam starring the actor known as Johnny .
`` Death Has a Shadow '' was written by Seth MacFarlane and directed by Peter Shin , and featured a guest performance from Pat Summerall as well as various recurring guest voices from the series .
Les Égouts du paradis ( The Sewers of Paradise ) is a 1979 French film directed by José Giovanni , based on a 1976 heist by Albert Spaggiari .
Prema Katha ( English : Love Story ) is a 1999 Telugu romantic tragedy film written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma .
The Space Movie is a documentary film produced in 1979 by Tony Palmer at the request of NASA , to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing .
Napoleon 's Daughter ( German : Die Tochter Napoleons ) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara .
Captain Eddie is a 1945 American drama film directed by Lloyd Bacon , based on Seven Were Saved by `` Eddie '' Rickenbacker and Lt . James Whittaker 's We Thought We Heard the Angels Sing .
Miss Polly is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Fred Guiol and written by Eugene Conrad and Edward E. Seabrook .
Maya Lokam or Mayalokam ( English title : Magic World ; Telugu : మాయలోకం ) is a 1945 Telugu film directed by Gudavalli Ramabrahmam .
Mission Over Korea is a 1953 American war film released by Columbia Pictures , directed by Fred F. Sears , as his first feature - length film , from a story by former war correspondent Richard Tregaskis , author of Guadalcanal Diary .
There 's Always Vanilla is a 1971 film and was director George A. Romero 's second motion picture and , as of 2013 , his only romantic comedy .
Tongues Untied is a 1989 semi - documentary film directed by Marlon Riggs .
Pierre of the Plains is a 1942 Northern film set in Saskatchewan , Canada , directed by George B. Seitz and starring John Carroll and Ruth Hussey .
The Mate of the Sally Ann ( also known as Peggy Rebels ) is a 1917 American silent comedy drama film directed by Henry King .
Red Bells II ( also known as 10 Days That Shook the World and Red Bells Part II -- I Saw the Birth of the New World ) is a 1983 adventure - drama film directed by Sergei Bondarchuk .
A Century of Cinema is a 1994 documentary directed by Caroline Thomas about the art of filmmaking ( coinciding with cinema 's 100th anniversary ) , containing numerous interviews with some of the most influential film personalities of the 20th century .
The Mill of Good Luck ( Romanian : La ' Moara cu noroc ' ) is a 1955 Romanian drama film directed by Victor Iliu .
The Pooch is a 1932 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan .
The Mystery of Alexina ( French : Le Mystère Alexina ) , also titled Alexina , is a 1985 French drama film directed by René Féret .
Veera Thalattu is a 1998 Tamil language film directed by Kasthuri Raja .
Canto de amor is a 1940 Argentine romantic musical drama film , directed and written by Julio Irigoyen .
Three Guys Named Mike is a 1951 American black - and - white film by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer , directed by Charles Walters .
He 's a Woman , She 's a Man ( 金枝玉葉 or Gam Chi Yuk Yip ) is a 1994 film directed by Peter Chan Ho Sun and written by James Yuen and Lee Chi Ngai .
Pravachakan is a Malayalam movie released in 1993 under the direction of P. G. Viswambharan .
Hogar , dulce hogar ( English : Home , sweet home ) is a 1941 Argentine film written and directed by Luis Moglia Barth .
Jhanjhaar ( Fire ) is a 1987 Hindi social drama film directed by V. Shantaram .
Oru Oorla Rendu Raja ( English : Two kings in a town ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy film written and directed by R. Kannan and produced by S. Michael Rayappan .
Macho Dancer is a 1988 Philippine film , directed Lino Brocka , which explores the harsh realities of a young , poor , rural gay man , who after being dumped by his American boyfriend , is forced to make a living for himself in Manila 's seamy red - light district .
Waissman is a documentary film by Eduardo Montes - Bradley featuring the life and works of Argentine artist Andrés Waissman .
Esta noche mejor no is a 1965 Argentine comedy film directed by Julio Saraceni .
The Hoose - Gow is a 1929 short film starring Laurel and Hardy , directed by James Parrott and produced by Hal Roach .
Sleep Dealer is a 2008 futuristic science fiction film directed by Alex Rivera .
Uncle Kent is a 2011 American film written by Kent Osborne and co - written and directed and Joe Swanberg .
Three Who Loved is a 1931 American Pre - Code drama film directed by George Archainbaud from a screenplay by Beulah Marie Dix based on a story by Pulitzer Prize - winning author Martin Flavin .
Mabel and Fatty Viewing the World 's Fair at San Francisco is a 1915 American short comedy - documentary film both starring and directed by Roscoe Arbuckle and Mabel Normand .
Tire Trouble is a 1924 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan .
Kıskıvrak is a 1986 Turkish adventure film , directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Tarik Akan , Gülsen Bubikoglu , and Korhan Abay .
Ardh Satya ( Hindi : अर्ध सत्य ; Half Truth ) is a 1983 film directed by Govind Nihalani , his second offering after another angst - ridden movie Aakrosh ( 1980 ) .
Ee Pattanathil Bhootham is a 2009 comedy fantasy Malayalam film directed by Johny Antony .
A Ninja Pays Half My Rent is a short comedy film by Steven Tsuchida , it was first released in 2003 .
The ABC of Love ( Portuguese : ABC do amor , Spanish : Noche terrible ) is a 1967 Brazilian and Argentine drama film directed by Eduardo Coutinho and Rodolfo Kuhn .
Adiós problemas ( English language : Goodbye problems ) is a 1955 Argentine romantic drama film directed by Kurt Land and written by Abel Santacruz .
Woman Draped in Patterned Handkerchiefs is a 1908 British short silent documentary film , directed by George Albert Smith as a showcase of his new Kinemacolor system , which features a woman displaying assorted tartan cloths , both draped on her body and waved semaphore - style .
2 or 3 Things I Know About Him ( German : 2 oder 3 Dinge , die ich von ihm weiß ) is a documentary film in which German director Malte Ludin examines the impact of Nazism in his family .
Our New Errand Boy is a 1905 British short silent comedy film , directed by James Williamson , about a new errand boy , engaged by a grocer who soon regrets the appointment .
The Lady Refuses is a 1931 American Pre - Code melodrama film , directed by George Archainbaud , from a screenplay by Wallace Smith , based on an original story by Guy Bolton and Robert Milton .
Nights and Weekends is a 2008 American mumblecore film directed by and starring Joe Swanberg and Greta Gerwig .
Bravo maestro is a 1978 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Rajko Grlić .
Instructions Not Included ( original Spanish title : No se aceptan devoluciones , literally No Refunds Accepted ) is a 2013 Mexican comedy - drama film co - written , directed by , and starring Eugenio Derbez .
House of Fears is a 2007 horror film , directed by Ryan Little .
Ride , Kelly , Ride is a 1941 American drama film directed by Norman Foster and written by William Conselman Jr. and Irving Cummings Jr ..
The Bull of Olivera ( German : Der Stier von Olivera ) is a 1921 German silent historical film directed by Erich Schönfelder and starring Emil Jannings .
Billy the Kid 's Gun Justice is a 1940 American western directed by Sam Newfield for Producers Releasing Corporation , and 3rd in PRC 's Billy the Kid series .
Journeys with George is a documentary by Alexandra Pelosi and Aaron Lubarsky that follows George W. Bush for more than a year on his campaign trail in the United States presidential election , 2000 .
Manamagale Vaa ( English : Come Bridegroom ) is a 1988 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Panchu Arunachalam , starring Prabhu in lead role . The film was blockbuster at the boxoffice .
Thadaiyara Thaakka ( English : Breaking all Barriers ) is a 2012 Tamil action thriller film directed by Magizh Thirumeni who earlier directed Mundhinam Paartheney .
Lena Warnstetten is a 1925 German silent film directed by Erich Eriksen and starring Grete Reinwald and William Dieterle ..
Art of the Devil ( Thai : คนเล่นของ or Khon len khong ) is a 2004 Thai horror film directed by Tanit Jitnukul .
Prometheus of the Island ( Serbo - Croatian : Prometej s otoka Viševice ) , also known in English as Prometheus from the island of Viševica , is a 1964 Yugoslav film directed by Vatroslav Mimica .
Kuttyedathi ( Malayalam : കുട്ട്യേടത്തി , English : Kutty , the Elder Sister ) is a 1971 Malayalam language film directed by P. N. Menon and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair .
`` Jared Has Aides '' was written and directed by series co - creator Trey Parker .
Fangio , the Demon of the Tracks ( Spanish : Fangio , el demonio de las pistas ) is a 1950 Argentine motor racing film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto , starring Yvonne Bastien , Ernesto Bianco , Armando Bo and Néstor Deval .
High Tide at Noon is a 1957 British drama film directed by Philip Leacock .
Thoogudeepa ( Kannada : ತೂಗುದೀಪ ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. L. Swamy in a directorial debut , and produced by R G Keshava Murthy .
Kaizokuban Bootleg Film ( Japanese : 海賊版 ) is a 1999 Japanese drama film directed by Masahiro Kobayashi .
Accidental Love is a 2015 American comedy film directed by David O. Russell ( under a pseudonym ) and written by Russell , Kristin Gore , Dave Jeser , and Matt Silverstein , from the novel Sammy 's Hill by Gore .
A Woman for a Season ( Romanian : Răutăciosul adolescent ) is a 1969 Romanian comedy film directed by Gheorghe Vitanidis .
Alludugaaru Vachcharu ( English : Son - in - law had Came ) is a 1999 Telugu drama film produced by Sunkara Madhu Murali and Mullapudi Brahmanandam and directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty .
Zapped Again ! , directed by Doug Campbell , is a 1990 direct - to - video film .
Cat , Dog & Co. is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan under the pseudonym `` Anthony Mack '' .
Sivasakthi is a 1996 Tamil crime film directed by Suresh Krissna .
Cappy Ricks is a 1921 American silent adventure film directed by Tom Forman and written by Peter B. Kyne , Albert S. Le Vino , Edward E. Rose and Waldemar Young .
Molly 's Pilgrim is a 1985 American short film directed by Jeffrey D. Brown , based on the children 's book of the same title by Barbara Cohen , who also appeared in the film as a crossing guard .
Lelíček ve službách Sherlocka Holmese is a 1932 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Karel Lamač .
Four Days in November is a 1964 American documentary film directed by Mel Stuart about the assassination of John F. Kennedy .
The Chimney 's Secret is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by and featuring Lon Chaney .
The Angelmakers is a 2005 documentary , the debut film of filmmaker Astrid Bussink , which provides insight into the epidemic of arsenic murders by women , known as The Angel Makers of Nagyrév , which brought worldwide attention to the area in 1929 .
Kerala Cafe is a 2009 Malayalam anthology film produced by Ranjith and directed by a team of ten directors including Lal Jose , Shaji Kailas , Anwar Rasheed , Shyamaprasad , B. Unnikrishnan , Revathy , Anjali Menon , M. Padmakumar , Shankar Ramakrishnan , and Uday Ananthan .
In the early to mid 1950s the composer Edward Bland , novelist Mark Kennedy , city - planner Nelam Hill , and mathematician Eugene Titus conceived the idea for The Cry of Jazz .
Temporary Paradise ( Hungarian : Ideiglenes paradicsom ) is a 1981 Hungarian drama film directed by András Kovács .
The Nightingale 's Prayer ( Arabic : دعاء الكروان‎ , translit . Doaa al - Karawan listen ) is a classical 1959 Egyptian drama film directed by Henry Barakat and based on a novel by the prominent writer Taha Hussein .
Kakkathamburatti is a 1970 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by CJ Baby and PC Ittoop .
No Down Payment is a 1957 film drama directed by Martin Ritt .
C'est pas tout à fait la vie do nt j'avais rêvé is a 2005 French drama film directed by Michel Piccoli .
I Pass for Human is a 2004 independent horror film written and directed by Chris Desjardin ( often referred to as simply `` Chris D. '' ) .
Robin Hood Makes Good is a 1938 Merrie Melodies color cartoon short , directed by Chuck Jones and written by Dave Monahan , and released by Warner Bros. on February 11 , 1939 .
The Love - Ins is a 1967 exploitation film about LSD that was directed by Arthur Dreifuss .
Soldier 's Fantasy ( Italian : Fantasia ' e surdate ) is a 1927 Italian silent film directed by Elvira Notari and starring Geppino Jovine , Eduardo Notari and Oreste Tesorone .
5 Days of War ( also known as 5 Days of August ) is a 2011 action film by Finnish director Renny Harlin .
Project Almanac ( formerly titled Cinema One , Almanac , and Welcome to Yesterday ) is a 2015 American found footage science fiction thriller film directed by Dean Israelite and written by Jason Harry Pagan and Andrew Deutschman .
The Horror at 37,000 Feet is an American horror television movie made for CBS Television by David Lowell Rich .
Santa Claws ( also known as ' Tis the Season ) is a 1996 horror film written and directed by John A. Russo .
In the Days of Daniel Boone is a 1923 Western film serial directed by William James Craft .
Beneath Hill 60 is a 2010 Australian war film directed by Jeremy Sims ( credited as Jeremy Hartley Sims ) and written by David Roach .
Som sendt fra himlen ( English : As sent from Heaven ) is a 1951 Danish comedy film directed by Johan Jacobsen .
The Woman God Forgot is a 1917 American silent romance film directed by Cecil B. DeMille .
How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy - drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving .
Kobiety nad przepaścią is a 1938 Polish drama film directed by Emil Chaberski and Michał Waszyński .
Decadent Evil ( known by the slightly reworked title of Decadent Evil Dead in the UK ) , is a 2005 vampire film , produced and directed by Charles Band under his Wizard Entertainment banner ) that year on June 25 .
Her Husband 's Secretary is a 1937 American drama film directed by Frank McDonald and written by Lillie Hayward .
Die Screaming , Marianne ( also Die , Beautiful Marianne ) is a 1971 British low - budget film by minor cult director Pete Walker .
Zone 39 ( The Zone ) is a 1996 Australian science fiction psychological drama film by director John Tatoulis .
Italy in a Day - Un giorno da italiani is a 2014 Italian - British documentary film directed by Gabriele Salvatores .
Beg , Borrow or Steal is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and written by Leonard Lee , Harry Ruskin and Marion Parsonnet .
The New Adventures of Little Toot is a 1992 animated feature film directed by Doug Parker .
Ustad Hotel is a 2012 Indian Malayalam - language drama film directed by Anwar Rasheed , written by Anjali Menon and produced by Listin Stephen under the banner of Magic Frames and was distributed by Central Pictures .
Three Daring Daughters ( UK title : The Birds and the Bees ) is a 1948 musical film made by MGM , and directed by Fred M. Wilcox .
Narito Ang Puso Ko ( Here Is My Heart ) is a Filipino drama series produced by GMA Network and directed by Enrico Quizon and actress , Gina Alajar .
Guelwaar is a 1993 French / Senegalese drama film written and directed by Ousmane Sembène .
The Lost Shoe ( German : Der verlorene Schuh ) is a 1923 German silent fantasy film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Helga Thomas , Paul Hartmann and Frida Richard .
Quelle strane occasioni , internationally released as Strange Occasion , is a 1976 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini , Nanni Loy and Luigi Magni .
McLaren 's Negatives is a 2006 short animated documentary directed by French Canadian filmmaker Marie - Josée Saint - Pierre .
Other Men 's Women is a 1931 Pre - Code American drama film directed by William A. Wellman and written by Maude Fulton .
Blood Link ( Italian : Extrasensorial , German : Blood Link - Blutspur , also known as The Link ) is a 1982 Italian - American - German giallo - horror film written and directed by Alberto De Martino .
The Singer of Naples ( Spanish : El cantante de Napoles ) is a 1935 American musical film directed by Howard Bretherton and Moreno Cuyar and starring Enrico Caruso Jr. , Mona Maris and Carmen Río .
We Danced Around the World ( German : Wir tanzen um die Welt ) is a 1939 German musical film directed by Karl Anton and starring Charlotte Thiele , Irene von Meyendorff and Carola Höhn .
Time Indefinite is an autobiographical 1993 documentary film directed by Ross McElwee and exploring themes of grief , mortality , and the convenient disconnection of watching life through a camera lens .
Eleanor 's Secret ( original French title Kérity , la maison des contes ) is a 2009 Franco - Italian animated feature film directed by Dominique Monféry .
Alice Solves the Puzzle is a 1925 animated short film by Walt Disney in the Alice Comedies series , and the first to feature Pete .
The Thousand Miles is an upcoming live - action / hand - drawn animated comedy - drama film directed by Sylvain Chomet .
Tune in Tomorrow is a 1990 film comedy directed by Jon Amiel .
Familien Gyldenkål sprænger banken ( English : The Goldcabbage Family Breaks the Bank ) is a 1976 Danish comedy film directed by Gabriel Axel .
Vasantha Poornima ( Kannada : ವಸಂತ ಪೂರ್ಣಿಮ ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S A Srinivas .
Porklips Now is a short , low budget parody film , made in 1980 by the American director Ernie Fosselius , based on the 1979 motion picture Apocalypse Now .
En plongée was a 1926 French film directed by Jacques Robert .
Prema Yuddham ( English : Love War ) is a 1990 Telugu romantic love film produced by P.Vijaya Kumari on Anupama Arts banner , directed by S. V. Rajendra Singh Babu .
Forces occultes ( Occult Forces - subtitled The mysteries of Freemasonry unveiled for the first time on the screen ) is a French film of 1943 , notable as the last film to be directed by Paul Riche ( the pseudonym of Jean Mamy ) .
Bintou ( also known as A Close - Up on Bintou ) is a 2001 Burkinabé short film directed by Fanta Régina Nacro .
The Cape Canaveral Monsters is a 1960 science - fiction b - movie written and directed by Phil Tucker .
Ballad of the Little Soldier ( German : Ballade vom kleinen Soldaten ) is a 1984 documentary film directed by Werner Herzog about children soldiers in Nicaragua .
To Jennifer is a found footage horror comedy film that was directed by James Cullen Bressack .
Yeh Teraa Ghar Yeh Meraa Ghar ( Hindi : ये तेरा घर ये मेरा घर ; English : This is your house , this is my house ) is a 2001 Indian film directed by Priyadarshan .
Directed by Clement Virgo , the film was written by Virgo and Cameron Bailey as an adaptation of Virginia Hamilton 's 1971 novel The Planet of Junior Brown .
Nefertiti , regina del Nilo ( English Translation : Nefertiti , Queen of the Nile ) is a 1961 Italian Sword - and - sandal historical drama written and directed by Fernando Cerchio and produced for MAX Film by Ottavio Poggi .
Shades of Ash ( Sinhala : සුදු කලු සහ අලු , Sudu Kalu Saha Alu ) is a 2005 film directed by Sudath Mahaadivulwewa .
A Million to Juan is a 1994 romantic comedy film starring comedian Paul Rodriguez .
Position Among the Stars ( Dutch : Stand van de Sterren ) is a 2010 documentary directed by Leonard Retel Helmrich .
Erra Bus ( English : Red Bus ) is a 2014 Tollywood movie which is directed and produced by veteran actor and director Dasari Narayana Rao under his banner Tharaka Prabhu Films .
Ilanjodigal ( Tamil : இளஞ்ஜோடிகள் ) is a 1982 Indian Tamil film , directed by Rama Narayanan , starring Karthik and Radha in lead roles .
The Headsman ( aka Shadow of the Sword , Au . Henker ) is a 2005 film directed by Simon Aeby .
Lovely Molly is a 2012 horror film directed by Eduardo Sánchez .
We 're Not Dressing is a 1934 screwball musical comedy directed by Norman Taurog .
Chinnadana Nee Kosam ( English : For you , My little one ) is a Telugu romantic comedy film written and directed by A. Karunakaran .
Dennis P. is also the name of a Dutch 2007 film about this event , directed by Pieter Kuijpers , and based on the book .
Soldiers of the Emperor ( Hungarian : A Császár katonái ) is a 1918 Hungarian silent film directed by Béla Balogh and starring Lya De Putti , Sándor Virányi and Aladár Ihász .
Guy X is a 2005 black comedy war film directed by Saul Metzstein , based on the novel No One Thinks Of Greenland by John Griesemer .
Parole Racket is a 1936 American crime film , directed by Charles C. Coleman .
Yare Nee Abhimani ( Kannada : ಯಾರೇ ನೀ ಅಭಿಮಾನಿ ) is a 2000 Indian Kannada film , directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by Lakshman Pramod Kumar .
Oorlog en vrede is a 1918 Dutch silent war film drama directed by Maurits Binger .
Waiter , Scarper ! ( Czech : Vrchní , prchni ! ) is a 1981 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Ladislav Smoljak .
Vacas ( English : Cows ) is a 1992 Spanish film , written and directed by Julio Médem .
The Battles of Coronel and Falkland Islands is a 1927 British documentary film directed by Walter Summers .
Echoes of a Summer is a 1976 Canadian / American film directed by Don Taylor , based on the Broadway play of the same name by Robert L. Joseph , who also adapted the screenplay .
A Ferret Called Mickey is a 2003 Irish short film directed by Barry Dignam about a father who tries to get his young son involved in more `` manly '' pursuits ( such as rabbit hunting ) by getting him a ferret .
The Sweetest Thing is a 2002 American romantic comedy film directed by Roger Kumble and written by Nancy Pimental , who based the characters on herself and friend Kate Walsh .
Krasue Valentine ( Thai : กระสือวาเลนไทน์ , also Ghost of Valentine ) is a 2006 Thai romance - horror film written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak .
The River Wanganui is a 1913 documentary shot in New Zealand in 1912 on the 1912 - -13 South Pacific film - making voyage of French director Gaston Méliès .
The Golden West is an Australian film directed by George Young set in the Australian goldfields .
Dad Made Dirty Movies is a 2011 Bulgarian - German documentary film by Jordan Todorov following Stephen C. Apostolof 's life and career .
Vattaram ( 2006 ) is a Tamil gangster film written , produced and directed by Saran .
Ma and Pa Kettle on Vacation is a 1953 American comedy film directed by Charles Lamont .
Hot Tub Time Machine is a 2010 American science fiction adventure comedy film directed by Steve Pink .
Twisted Desire is a 1996 American television drama / thriller film written by Carey Hayes & Chad Hayes and directed by Craig R. Baxley .
The Wild Geese is a British adventure film directed by Andrew V. McLaglen about a group of mercenaries in Africa .
Mutthu Ondu Mutthu ( Kannada : ಮುತ್ತು ಒಂದು ಮುತ್ತು ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film , directed by R. N. Jayagopal and is based on the novel Hoobaana written by M. K. Indira .
Dir zuliebe is a 1944 German comedy film directed by Martin Frič .
Kal Ho Naa Ho ( English : There May Or May Not Be A Tomorrow ) , abbreviated as KHNH , is a 2003 Indian romantic comedy - drama film , directed by debutante director Nikhil Advani .
Not Now , Comrade is a 1976 British comedy film directed by Ray Cooney .
The Price of Betrayal ( Swedish : Judaspengar ) is a 1915 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström .
A Stroke of 1000 Millions ( Italian : Un colpo da mille miliardi , Spanish : Un golpe de mil millones , French : Intrigue à Suez ) is a 1966 Italian - Spanish - French Eurospy film directed by Paolo Heusch and starring Rik Van Nutter .
Éruption volcanique à la Martinique , released in the United States as The Eruption of Mount Pelee and in Britain as The Terrible Eruption of Mount Pelée and Destruction of St. Pierre , Martinique , is a 1902 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Matjan Berbisik ( Indonesian for Whispering Tiger ; Perfected Spelling : Macan Berbisik , also known by the Dutch title De Fluisterende Tijger ) is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies which was directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun .
Nor the Moon by Night is a 1958 British drama film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Michael Craig .
Directed by Zhang Junzhao , One and Eight also features cinematography by the soon - to - be - acclaimed Zhang Yimou and stars Chen Daoming .
Paragraph 182 ( German:§ 182 minderjährig ) is a 1927 German silent drama film directd by Ernst Winar and starring Colette Brettel , Gerhard Ritterband and Eva Speyer .
The Unafraid is a 1915 American drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille .
Syndromes and a Century ( Thai : แสงศตวรรษ S̄æng ṣ̄atawǎat , literally Light of the Century ) is a 2006 Thai drama film written and directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul .
Do Premee is a 1980 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raj Khosla and produced by Kundan A. Thadani .
Let Me Dream Again is a 1900 British short silent drama film , directed by George Albert Smith , featuring a man dreaming about an attractive young woman and then waking up next to his wife .
My Sin is a 1931 American Pre - Code drama film directed by George Abbott , and written by Abbott , Owen Davis , Adelaide Heilbron and Frederick J. Jackson .
My Mother 's Teahouse ( Chinese : Chun qiu cha shi ) is a 1988 Taiwanese drama film directed by Chen Kunhou .
Nenjil Or Aalayam ( English : A Temple in the Heart ) is a 1962 Indian Tamil romantic - drama film , written and directed by C. V. Sridhar , who produced it under the banner of Chitralaya Pictures .
Scandal Street is a 1938 American drama film directed by James P. Hogan and written by Bertram Millhauser and Eddie Welch .
Tired Business Men is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan .
The Lost Future is a 2010 South African - German post - apocalyptic film from Syfy , directed by Mikael Salomon and written by Jonas Bauer .
Devara Maga ( Kannada : ದೇವರಮಗ ) is a 2000 Kannada drama film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and written by Mysore Harish .
Aur Devdas is an upcoming Political thriller film directed by Sudhir Mishra , starring Rahul Bhat as `` Devdas '' , Richa Chadda as `` Paro '' , Aditi Rao Hydari Chandramukhi , Saurabh Shukla , Dalip Tahil , Anil George , Deepraj Rana , Saurabh Tyagi and Anurag Kashyap .
The Centrifuge Brain Project is a 2011 German short mockumentary fantasy film written and directed by Till Nowak .
As Dreams Are Made On is a 2004 short film , written and directed by Gabriel Reid .
The Other F Word is a 2011 American documentary film directed by independent filmmaker Andrea Blaugrund Nevins .
Everyman 's Feast , also known as Jedermanns Fest , is a 2002 Austrian drama film written and directed by Fritz Lehner .
Deewangee ( Hindi : दीवानगी , English : Madness ) is a 2002 Indian psychological thriller film directed by Anees Bazmee .
Novio , marido y amante ( English : Boyfriend , husband and lover ) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film , directed by Mario C. Lugones and based upon Louis Verneuil 's novel Mademoiselle Ma Mere .
Koolhaas Houselife is a documentary film directed by Ila Bêka and Louise Lemoine .
Do Boon Pani ( meaning : Two Drops of Water ) is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas .
Swamp Women ( 1956 ) was one of the first films directed by Roger Corman .
Enga Oor Raja ( Tamil : எங்க ஊர் ராஜா ) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film , directed and produced by P. Madhavan under Arun Prasath Movies banner .
I Passed for White is a 1960 film directed and adapted for the screen by Fred M. Wilcox from a novel of the same name by Reba Lee `` as told to '' Mary Hastings Bradley .
Dead Men are Dangerous is a 1939 British crime film directed by Harold French and starring Robert Newton , Betty Lynne , John Warwick , and Peter Gawthorne .
Vita coi figli is a 1990 Italian television film directed by Dino Risi and broadcast by Canale 5 .
Bab 's Burglar was a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
21 tapaa pilata avioliitto ( English : 21 Ways to Ruin a Marriage ) is a 2013 Finnish film written and directed by Johanna Vuoksenmaa .
Tell It to Sweeney is a 1927 American comedy silent film directed by Gregory La Cava and written by Monte Brice , Kerry Clarke , George Marion Jr. and Percy Heath .
The Recourse to the Method ( Spanish : El recurso del método ) is a Mexican - Cuban drama film directed by Miguel Littín .
Sankhupushpam is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Baby and produced by Raghu Kumar .
Moonlight and Valentino is a 1995 dramedy film directed by David Anspaugh .
Hellbreeder is a 2004 horror / mystery film directed by James Eaves and Johannes Roberts and starring Lyndie Uphill .
Bab 's Matinee Idol was a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film , based on the Mary Roberts Rinehart novels , produced by Famous Players - Lasky , and directed by J. Searle Dawley .
The Rumyantsev Case ( Russian : Дело Румянцева , translit . Delo Rumyanceva ) is a 1956 Soviet film directed by Iosif Kheifits .
Girl Most Likely is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini .
Lord Chumley is a 1914 short drama film directed by James Kirkwood .
Seven Servants is a 1996 German comedy - drama film written , designed , and directed by Daryush Shokof .
Toute la mémoire du monde is a documentary short film by Alain Resnais released in 1956 .
Margaret 's Museum is a critically acclaimed 1995 British - Canadian dark film drama , directed by Mort Ransen and based on Sheldon Currie 's novel The Glace Bay Miners ' Museum .
Life - Size is a 2000 fantasy comedy television film directed by Mark Rosman and originally premiered on ABC .
The Guilty One is a 1924 American mystery silent film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Anthony Coldeway .
Nila Kaalam ( Tamil ) ( 2001 ) is a straight - to - TV Tamil film directed by Gandhi Krishna .
Yamaleela 2 is a 2014 Telugu fantasy drama film directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy .
The Enchanting Shadow ( Chinese : 倩女幽魂 , translit . Ching nu yu hun ) is a 1960 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Han - hsiang .
Veera Kesari ( Kannada : ವೀರ ಕೇಸರಿ ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film , directed by B. Vittalacharya and produced by Sundarlal Nahatha and Doondi .
Swapnakoodu ( English : Dream House ) is a 2003 Malayalam film co - written and directed by Kamal .
Queen of Earth is a 2015 American psychological thriller film directed and written by Alex Ross Perry .
American Zombie is a 2007 American mockumentary horror film directed by Grace Lee , written by Rebecca Sonnenshine and Lee , and starring Lee and John Solomon as documentary filmmakers who investigate a fictional subculture of real - life zombies living in Los Angeles .
The Henpecked Duck is a Warner Bros. cartoon released in theatres in 1941 , directed by Bob Clampett and featuring Daffy Duck and Porky Pig .
Lost and Found on a South Sea Island is a 1923 drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and produced by Samuel Goldwyn .
Vacations in Majorca ( Italian : Brevi amori a Palma di Majorca ) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi .
Sins of Jezebel is a 1953 American historical drama film produced by Sigmund Neufeld and directed by Reginald Le Borg .
Accidental Waltz ( Russian : Случайный вальс ; Sluchaynyy val 's ) is a Russian film directed by Svetlana Proskurina .
Die Pyramide des Sonnengottes is a 1965 West German and Italian western film adventure directed by Robert Siodmak , based on a book by Karl May.
A Chess Dispute is an 1903 British short black - and - white silent comedy film , directed by Robert W. Paul , featuring two gentlemen in a comedic fight following a disputed chess move .
The Pine Tree in the Mountain ( U gori raste zelen bor ) is a Croatian film directed by Antun Vrdoljak .
I 'll Carry You in My Arms ( German : Ich werde dich auf Händen tragen ) is a 1943 German romance film directed by Kurt Hoffmann and starring Heli Finkenzeller , Hans Nielsen and Wolfgang Lukschy .
I Loved a Soldier ( also known as Invitation to Happiness ) is an unfinished 1936 American romantic - comedy - drama film directed by Henry Hathaway and produced by Paramount Pictures .
The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald is a 1964 American film from Larry Buchanan .
The Art of Crying ( Danish : Kunsten at Græde i Kor ) is a 2006 Danish tragicomedy directed by Peter Schønau Fog .
Sri Vasavi Kanyaka Parameswari Charitra is a 2014 Telugu , mythological film directed by Sripada Ramachandra Rao .
The Summer of Massacre is 2011 anthology horror film written and directed by Joe Castro .
The Werewolf of Woodstock is a 1975 film produced for television by Dick Clark 's production company and directed by John Moffitt .
Superman II is a 1980 British - American superhero film directed by Richard Lester .
Kill the Rapist ? is an upcoming Bollywood drama - thriller film directed by Sanjay Chhel and produced by iRock Media Pvt . Ltd with financial contributions by female private equity investors .
Hamari Bahu Alka ( Our Daughter - in - Law Alka ) is a Hindi movie released in 1982 , directed by Basu Chatterjee , based on Bengali story Eto Tuku Basha by Manoj Basu .
Afghantsi is a 1988 documentary film directed by Peter Kosminsky for Yorkshire Television .
Mrs. Black Is Back is a 1914 American comedy silent film directed by Thomas N. Heffron and written by George V. Hobart and Eve Unsell .
The Scene of the Crash ( Croatian : Putovanje na mjesto nesreće ) is a 1971 Yugoslav drama film directed by Zvonimir Berković .
Give Us This Day is a 1949 British film , directed by Edward Dmytryk .
Blazing the Overland Trail ( 1956 ) is a Columbia Pictures serial directed by veteran serial specialist Spencer Gordon Bennet and produced by another serial specialist , Sam Katzman .
Pacific Liner is a 1939 American action / adventure film directed by Lew Landers .
Sarah Maldoror ou la nostalgie de l'utopie is a Togolese short documentary film directed by Anne - Laure Folly .
Nothing More Than a Woman ( Spanish : Nada más que una mujer ) is a 1934 American drama film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Berta Singerman , Alfredo del Diestro and Juan Torena .
Where the Penguins Fly ( Gdje pingvini lete ) is a Croatian comedy - drama film directed by Josip Vujčić .
Poor White Trash is a crime - comedy film directed by Michael Addis .
The Fighting Chefs is a Philippine film directed and starring by Ronnie Ricketts .
The Laughing Saskia ( Hungarian : A Nevetö Szaszkia ) is a 1916 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Sari Körmendy , Dezső Kertész and László Békeffi .
Blondie Takes a Vacation is a 1939 black - and - white comedy film , directed by Frank R. Strayer .
Walking with the Enemy is an American action drama film directed by Mark Schmidt , and scripted by Kenny Golde and Mark Schmidt .
Super Citizen Ko ( Chinese : 超級大國民 , Chao ji da guo min ) is a 1995 Taiwanese drama film directed by Wan Jen .
Under the Hula Moon is an action comedy film from 1995 directed by Jeff Celentano .
The Shortcut is a 2009 horror - thriller film directed by Nicholaus Goossen .
H8RZ ( pronounced as Haters ) is an American mystery drama - thriller film , directed by Derrick Borte , and co - written by Borte and Daniel Forte .
Two Gun Sheriff is a 1941 American Western film directed by George Sherman and written by Doris Schroeder .
Directed by Menahem Golan , Deadly Heroes is notable for being one of the last films released under Golan 's 21st Century Film Corporation banner .
The Adventures of God ( Spanish : Las Aventuras de Dios ) is a 2000 Argentine fantasy drama film directed and written by Eliseo Subiela .
Idhu Namma Bhoomi ( English : This is our earth ) is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by P. Vasu .
The Clown Barber is an 1898 British short black - and - white silent film directed and produced by the Scottish film pioneer James Williamson .
I Am Divine is a 2013 American documentary film produced and directed by Jeffrey Schwarz of the Los Angeles - based production company Automat Pictures .
Training Rules is a 63-minute award - winning 2009 American documentary film co - produced and co - directed by Dee Mosbacher and Fawn Yacker .
BearCity is a 2010 American gay - themed ( in particular , the gay bear community ) comedy - drama film directed by Doug Langway , and written by Langway and Lawrence Ferber .
Directed by Igor Maslennikov it is the first of a 5-part TV film series ( divided into 11-episodes ) The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson .
Mammame is a 1986 French dance film directed by Raúl Ruiz .
Richard 's Wedding is a 2012 comedy / drama film written , edited , and directed by Onur Tukel .
Sand Wars is an epic eco - thriller by director Denis Delestrac and produced by Rappi Productions , La Compagnie des Taxi - Brousse , InfomAction , Arte France , with the support of The Santa Aguila Foundation .
El misterio de Huracán Ramírez ( The Mystery of Hurricane Ramirez ) is a 1962 black - and - white Mexican Lucha film directed and co - written by Joselito Rodríguez .
The House of Silence is a lost 1918 American silent drama film directed by Donald Crisp and written by Elwyn Alfred Barron and Margaret Turnbull .
The Devil 's Man ( Italian : Devilman Story ) is a 1967 Italian science fiction - spy film directed by Paolo Bianchini ( here credited as `` Paul Maxwell '' ) .
Mithya is a 2008 Indian film co - written and directed by Rajat Kapoor and produced by Planman Motion Pictures .
Pancharathnam is a 1979 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Crossbelt Mani , starring MN Nambiar , Vincent , Shubha and Poojappura Ravi in lead roles .
Katariina ja Munkkiniemen kreivi ( Katariina and the Count of Munkkiniemi ) is a 1943 Finnish film directed by Ossi Elstelä .
Masahista ( English Title : The Masseur ) is a 2005 Filipino film written and directed by Brillante Mendoza .
Richard 's Things is a 1980 British drama film directed by Anthony Harvey and starring Liv Ullmann , Amanda Redman and Peter Burton .
Mrs Peppercorn 's Magical Reading Room is a 24-minute Fantasy / Magical short film directed by Mike Le Han .
A Bahraini Tale is a 2006 Bahraini Arabic - language drama film directed by Bassam Al - Thawadi , screenplay by Fareed Ramadan and starring Saad Abdulla , Fatima Abdulrahim and Abdulla Al Sa'adawi .
Seven Billiard Tables ( original Spanish title : Siete mesas de billar francés ) is a 2007 Spanish film by Gracia Querejeta .
The Killing of Sister George is a 1964 play by Frank Marcus that was adapted as a 1968 film directed by Robert Aldrich .
Devi Putrudu is a 2001 Telugu film produced by M.S. Raju on Sumanth Art Productions banner , directed by Kodi Ramakrishna .
Written by Thunderbirds creators Gerry and Sylvia Anderson , directed by David Lane and produced by AP Films , Thunderbirds Are Go develops the franchise with a plot focusing on the futuristic spacecraft Zero - X and its manned mission to Mars .
Pavithram ( Malayalam : പവിത്രം ) is a 1994 Indian Malayalam drama film directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar .
He Rides Tall is a 1964 American Western film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Charles Irwin and Robert Creighton Williams .
Promised Heaven ( Russian : Небеса обетованные , translit . Nebesa obetovannye ) is a 1991 Soviet film directed by Eldar Ryazanov .
Springsteen & I is a 2013 documentary - biographical film directed by Baillie Walsh documenting the life and career of Bruce Springsteen through the eyes and insights of his fans throughout the world .
Throw Away Your Books , Rally in the Streets ( 書を捨てよ町へ出よう Sho o Suteyo Machi e Deyō ) is a 1971 Japanese feature - length experimental drama film directed by Shūji Terayama .
A lifelong Californian , Richard Winger graduated from the University of California , Berkeley as a Political Science major in 1966 , and attended Graduate School in Political Science at UCLA .
Miriam Zach completed her undergraduate education at Northwestern University before moving on to graduate studies at the University of Chicago .
Henry Aurand attended the United States Military Academy and was a member of the class of 1915 , `` the class the stars fell on '' .
Ralph Snyderman is Chancellor Emeritus at Duke University and James B. Duke Professor of Medicine .
Anna Robertson Brown Lindsay ( 1864 - -1948 ) was the first woman to earn a doctorate at the University of Pennsylvania .
Stefan Sarnowski graduated from University of Warsaw , and in 1964 obtained his magister degree for the work Marksizm i darwinizm w etyce Kautskiego ( Marxism and Darwinism in Kautski 's ethics ) , with Marek Fritzhand being the supervisor .
Aleksandr Chudakov was born on 16 June 1921 , and graduated from Moscow State University ( MSU ) in 1948 .
Ron C. Mittelhammer ( born c. 1950 ) is an American economist at Washington State University .
Although he received a degree on the Faculty of Architecture of the University of Zagreb , Alfi Kabiljo has never made use of it .
James Fulkerson received his musical training at Illinois Wesleyan University , where he earned his BMus in 1967 , and the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , where he earned his MMus in 1968 .
Nelly Sindayen was born in Siasi , Sulu to a Christian father and a Muslim mother She earned a journalism degree at the University of Santo Tomas and worked for the Manila Bulletin and various news agencies before joining Time magazine in the mid-1970s .
Graduating from the University of Michigan in 1902 , John A. Bryant worked as a construction engineer for three years before becoming a co - founder of Bryant & Detwiler , later serving as the firm 's treasurer .
Gerald Kelly was born in London , educated at Eton College and Trinity Hall , Cambridge , and later lived and studied art in Paris .
Gene Leedy attended the University of Florida where he studied architecture .
Barnas Sears ( November 19 , 1802 -- July 6 , 1880 ) graduated from Brown University in 1825 .
Educated at Dulwich College and Trinity College , Cambridge , Cyril Wells represented Cambridge University , Surrey and Middlesex ( 1895 - -1909 ) in first - class cricket and was a top class rugby player .
Born and raised in New York City , Amol Sarva attended Stuyvesant High School where he was a national , state , and city champion debater and captain of the Stuyvesant team .
Ilya Klyachko ( Russian Илья Романович Клячко , Ilijia Romanovič Kljačko ) ( 1905 - -1998 ) was a pianist and piano teacher , professor of Moscow Conservatory .
Susan Abod has a degree in music composition from DePaul University , and also studied at the Old Town School of Folk Music in Chicago .
Former pupil at the Purcell School , Joo Yeon Sir is a Scholar at the Royal College of Music , London where she studies with Dr. Felix Andrievsky .
Shalom Carmy ( born May 1 , 1949 ) is an Orthodox rabbi teaching Jewish Studies and philosophy at Yeshiva University , where he is Chair of Bible and Jewish Philosophy at Yeshiva College .
In 2006 , he donated over $ 1 million to Stuyvesant High School , his high school alma mater for the establishment of the Dr. Robert Ira Lewy Multimedia Center , to serve as the high school 's central academic research facility .
JSB is also the namesake of John Seely Brown Symposium on Technology and Society , held at the University of Michigan School of Information .
It was the wish of his parents that Joseph Martin Kraus should matriculate as a student of law at the University of Mainz in 1773 .
From 1984 to 1989 , José Antonio Urquizo studied cooperativism and university teaching at the Universidad Nacional Federico Villarreal ( UNFV ) in Lima , which he concluded with a Master 's degree .
Dunlop McCosh Cunningham , born 1901 , father Samuel Cunningham Senator in the First Stormont Senate , mother Janet Knox , was educated at Fettes College , Edinburgh , where he excelled at rugby and became captain of rugby .
Susan Dimock M.D. ( April 24 , 1847 -- May 7 , 1875 ) was a pioneer in American Medicine who received her qualification as a doctor from the University of Zurich in 1871 and was subsequently appointed resident physician of the New England Hospital for Women and Children in 1872 .
Andrew Norriss was born in 1947 , was educated at St John 's School , Leatherhead followed by University at Trinity College Dublin 1966 - 70 .
Alice Carter Cook ( 1868 - 1943 ) , born Alice Carter , was an American botanist , who received the first PhD in botany granted to a woman by an American university , from Syracuse University in 1888 .
Charlotte Brewer ( born 1956 ) is professor of English language and literature at Hertford College , Oxford .
The younger William Curphey was educated at Glasgow Academy , at University College School , Hampstead , and at King 's College London .
Carla Taylor ( born April 29 , 1961 ) was the head women 's basketball coach at Weber State University .
Nestor Makhno was born into a poor peasant family in Huliaipole , Yekaterinoslav Governorate of the Russian Empire ( now Zaporizhia Oblast , Ukraine ) .
George Ronan attended the United States Military Academy for almost three years , from June 1808 to March 1811 .
The son of wealthy textile manufacturer and politician Sir Robert Peel , 1st Baronet , he was educated at Bury Grammar School and Harrow School and earned a double first in classics and mathematics from Christ Church , Oxford .
Bockarie Stevens is a 1975 gruaduate from Fourah Bay College , University of Sierra Leone with a B.A. in History and Politics .
Fred Rosner is Assistant Dean and professor of medicine at Albert Einstein College of Medicine , Professor of Medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine , and Director of the Department of Medicine at Queens Hospital Center .
John Etchemendy received his bachelor 's and master 's degrees at the University of Nevada , Reno before earning his PhD in philosophy at Stanford in 1982 .
Reynolds Price ( February 1 , 1933 -- January 20 , 2011 ) , born Edward Reynolds Price , was an American poet , novelist , dramatist , essayist and James B. Duke Professor of English at Duke University .
Francesco Bertelli ( 1794 - 1844 ) was an Italian astronomer at the observatory of Bologna and professor of astronomy at the University of Bologna .
Coming from a clerical family , Tor Andræ studied Theology at Uppsala University , where he completed his Ph.D. in 1917 .
Lai Yee Hing graduated with a B.Sc from the former Nanyang University ( now National University of Singapore ) in 1976 and received his PhD from the University of Victoria in 1980 .
Barbara Kremen received a B.A. from Bryn Mawr College and an M.A. from Harvard University in English .
In 1935 , Huang Jing , then attending Peking University , co - led the December 9th Movement with Yao Yilin and Huang Hua , demanding the Chinese government to actively resist Japanese aggression in the aftermath of the Mukden Incident .
The Leventis family moved to Piraeus where Vassilis Leventis graduated from high school and in 1969 he was admitted as the 6th highest ranking candidate , to the Civil Engineering department of the National Technical University of Athens .
Udo Zander ( born March 30 , 1959 ) is a Swedish organizational theorist , and Professor in Business Administration at the Stockholm School of Economics until 2012 .
Jeanette Brooks Priebe was born in Bolivar , Tennessee and attended Union University in Jackson , Tennessee before enrolling in Northwestern University in Evanston , Illinois .
Beverly Burnsed Spencer was Vice President of University Relations ( 1992 - -2003 ) at Florida State University in Tallahassee , Florida .
Morton D. May lived a life of privilege , attending St. Louis 's Country Day school , and then Dartmouth College .
Mohammad Usman Rana ( born 3 June 1985 ) is a Norwegian Pakistani commentator , columnist and medical doctor , having earned his degree at the University of Oslo .
Richard Laub has a bachelor 's degree from Queens College , City University of New York , a Masters of Science in paleontology and paleoecology from Cornell University , and a PhD.
John Kenneth Macalister ( July 19 , 1914 in Guelph , Ontario , Canada -- September 14 , 1944 in Buchenwald ) was a Canadian hero of World War II . Ken Macalister graduated the Guelph Collegiate Vocational Institute ( GCVI ) and from the University of Toronto , then as a Rhodes Scholar studied at Oxford University .
The son of John Joseph Abercrombie , Sr . and Sarah DeNormandie , their family was living in Nashville , Tennessee when the younger John entered the United States Military Academy in 1818 .
In 1893 Francis William Aston began his university studies at Mason College ( which later became Mason University College and then the University of Birmingham ) where he was taught physics by John Henry Poynting and chemistry by Frankland and Tilden .
After graduating very young from the prestigious École Nationale des Chartes , Frantz Funck - Brentano was in 1885 named curator of the Bibliothèque de l'Arsenal , of which he never became director .
Minus Polak studied Dutch law at the University of Amsterdam until 1953 .
Arthur S. Douglas ( born in Phenix , Rhode Island , United States on July 11 , 1860 ) , was an American landscape painter and printmaker and one of the earliest students at Rhode Island School of Design .
Conor Gearty was born in Ireland and graduated in law from University College Dublin before moving to Wolfson College , Cambridge in 1980 to study for a Master 's Degree and then for a PhD.
Theodore Schaffer began selling papers when he was eight years old , and left school at the age of twelve , but afterwards , when nineteen years old , resumed his studies , and later attended the Western University , now University of Pittsburgh .
Born in Fuzhou , Fujian , Zheng Xiaoyu received his bachelor 's degree in biology from Fudan University in 1968 .
Professor Sidney William Wooldridge CBE , FRS , FGS ( 1900 - -1963 ) , geologist , geomorphologist and geographer , was a pioneer in the study of the geomorphology of south - east England and the first professor of geography at King 's College London .
`` While doing graduate work at Columbia University , Thelma Schoonmaker answered an ad that offered on - the - job training as an assistant film editor . ''
Eugene Kinckle Jones ( July 30 , 1885 -- January 11 , 1954 ) was one the seven founders ( commonly referred to as Jewels ) of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity at Cornell University in 1906 .
At the age of seventeen Egeon Askew became a student of the University of Oxford ; he was B.A. April 1597 , chaplain of Queen 's College 1598 , and M.A. June 1600 .
Born in Ontario , Harry Howith received a Bachelor of Arts and a Bachelor of Journalism from Carleton University in Ottawa .
Douglas Metcalf was born in Southwick , Massachusetts and studied with Michael Sussman and Allan Meyer , graduating with honors from the University of Massachusetts Amherst , in both Music Education and Clarinet Performance .
Taras Kuzio received a BA in Economics from the University of Sussex , an MA in Soviet Studies from the University of London and holds a doctorate in political science from the University of Birmingham ; he was a postdoctoral fellow at Yale University .
Born in Valleyfield , Line Beauchamp earned a BAC in psychology from Université de Montréal in 1985 .
Joseph Bell , JP , DL , FRCSE ( 2 December 1837 -- 4 October 1911 ) was a Scottish lecturer at the medical school of the University of Edinburgh in the 19th century .
Adrian Monck graduated from Exeter College , Oxford in 1988 with an honours degree in Modern History .
Born on 23 November 1864 , the son of Professor Reginald Stuart Poole , Reginald Ward Poole was educated at Bedford School and at the University of London .
Ranken was born in Brislington , near Bristol , on 5 January 1828 , son of Rev. Charles Ranken Sr . He learned chess at age 12 , but first made a serious study of the game while attending Wadham College , Oxford University in 1847 - -50 .
Andrew Robert MacFarlane Nielsen ( born October 6 , 1982 ) is an American rapper , producer , writer , cartoonist and Stanford University alumnus , known by his stage name MC Lars .
Edgar Horne was educated at Westminster School , before entering his father 's firm of auctioneers and surveyors , Messrs Horne and Company , which was based in the City of London .
David H. Steinberg grew up in West Hartford , Connecticut where he attended William H. Hall High School , entered Yale at age 16 , and earned his law degree from Duke University , where he served as editor - in - chief of the law review .
Semra Ülkü received her degrees in chemical engineering from Ankara 's Middle East Technical University ( B.Sc . , 1969 , M.Sc . , 1971 and Ph.D. , 1975 ) .
In 1917 , Nabakrushna Choudhuri took admission in the Ravenshaw College , Cuttack .
In 1968 , Abigail Child graduated from Radcliffe College in Harvard University with a degree in history and literature .
Michael P. Thompson is Associate Dean of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Edward Willett Wagner ( 1924-December 7 , 2001 ) was a professor of Korean studies at Harvard University .
Eva Silverstein , quoted at String People A.B. , Physics , Harvard University , 1992 Ph.D. , Physics , Princeton University , 1996
Bipasha Hayat is a graduate from the Institute of Fine Arts of University of Dhaka .
A winner of the Avery Fisher Career Grant , Ignat Solzhenitsyn serves on the piano faculty of the Curtis Institute of Music .
An Exhibition of the Bequest of Thérèse Bonney , Class of 1916 , University of California , '' Berkeley Art Museum , June--
David Clement - Davies was born in 1964 and went to Westminster School and Edinburgh University where he read History and English Literature , specialising in the Italian Renaissance , and Russian Literature and Society .
Born on 26 August 1891 in Chertsey , Surrey , Henry Grierson was educated at Bedford School and at Pembroke College , Cambridge .
Born the son of a Greek father , Michael George Zambellas and Rosemary Frederique Zambellas ( née Lindsay ) , Zambellas was educated at Shabani Primary School in Southern Rhodesia ( now Zimbabwe ) , and at Stowe School .
Sigurd Wandel ( 22 February 1875 -- 3 June 1947 ) was a Danish painter who became director of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts .
Margaret Barker ( born 1944 ) , a Methodist preacher , studied theology at the University of Cambridge , after which she has devoted her life to research in ancient Christianity .
Israel Hernandez graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a double major in Philosophy and Political Science in 1992 ; he worked as an intern for Governor Bill Clements during this time .
Steven Collins is Adjunct Associate Professor of Computer Graphics in the Department of Computer Science in Trinity College , Dublin and co - manager of the GV2 Research Group .
After gaining a music scholarship at St Paul 's School ( 1974 - -1981 ) , William Goodchild obtained a Bachelor 's degree with Honors in music at the University of East Anglia ( 1982 - -1985 ) .
Arthur D. Bond ( 1902 - 1983 ) was a Rhodes Scholar , captain of the University of Missouri Tigers football team and Director of the A.P. Green Refractories Company .
Benjamin Wiker obtained his PhD in ethics from Vanderbilt University then went on to teach at a variety of institutions including Marquette University , Saint Mary 's University of Minnesota , Thomas Aquinas College , and the Franciscan University of Steubenville .
Dean Dingman ( born September 27 , 1968 ) is a former All - American offensive guard who played for the University of Michigan Wolverines football team from 1987 - 1990 .
Douglas Bernheim studied from 1975 to 1979 at Harvard University , where he received his Bachelor of Arts ( AB ) , summa cum laude .
Toddla T was raised in Sheffield where he attended King Edward VII School .
Jonny Woo , born Jonathan Wooster , trained at the University of Birmingham in Drama and Theatre Arts and at London Contemporary Dance School .
John Bayly ( died 1633 ) , was the second son of Bishop Lewis Bayly , and at the age of sixteen went to Exeter College , Oxford , of which society he was elected fellow in 1612 .
Innocente Cantinotti worked in his native city of Milan as an apprentice in the stained glass workshop of Pompeo Bertini , and enrolled at the Brera Academy , attending courses taught by Raffaele Casnédi , Giuseppe Bertini and Giuseppe Mentessi .
Vern Gardner was a 6'5 forward / center who played at Star Valley High School in Afton , Wyoming and played collegiately at the University of Utah , where he was a second team consensus All - American in 1947 and 1949 .
Ricky Berry attended Live Oak High School of Morgan Hill , California when his father became head men 's basketball coach at San Jose State in 1979 .
Sidney Marcus attended Atlanta public schools and graduated from the University of Georgia in 1948 , as a member of Zeta Beta Tau fraternity .
Nigel Tranter was born in Glasgow and educated at George Heriot 's School in Edinburgh .
Michael Olbrich ( September 29 , 1881 - October 10 , 1929 ) was a Madison , Wisconsin , lawyer , politician , and conservationist , who founded Olbrich Botanical Gardens and the University of Wisconsin - Madison Arboretum .
Beverley Skeggs was born in Middlesbrough and studied at University of York ( BA ) , Keele University ( PGCE , PhD ) .
He was the son of Judith Madan the poet , and Colonel Martin Madan , and was educated at Westminster School , and at Christ Church , Oxford , where he graduated in 1746 .
Kamil Ocak graduated from commercial department of Robert College in 1935 .
Astra Zarina ( August 25 , 1929 -- August 31 , 2008 ) was an architect and professor in the University of Washington Department of Architecture .
Jamie Fellner obtained a Bachelor 's degree from Smith College and went on to obtain her Juris Doctor from Boalt Hall at the University of California - Berkeley .
Sture Allén ( born 31 December 1928 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish retired professor of computational linguistics at the University of Gothenburg , who was the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy between 1986 and 1999 .
Jay Jordan earned a bachelor 's degree in English literature from Colgate University .
James S. Shapiro ( born September 11 , 1955 ) is Professor of English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University who specialises in Shakespeare and the Early Modern period .
Ratan Kumar Sinha graduated in Mechanical Engineering from Patna University in 1972 , securing the first position in the University .
Jess Fink received her degree in Illustrating & Cartooning from the School of Visual Arts in New York City .
Gabriel Shaoolian is a graduate of New York University , and lives in New York City with his wife and two children .
Rose Friedman attended Reed College and later transferred to the University of Chicago where she received a Bachelor of Philosophy degree .
Baron Clas Alströmer ( 1736 - -1794 ) was a Swedish naturalist who was a student of Carl Linnaeus at Uppsala University .
Ben van Beurden ( born 23 April 1958 ) is the CEO of Royal Dutch Shell plc . Van Beurden joined Shell in 1983 , after graduating with a Master 's Degree in Chemical Engineering from Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands .
George Claassen studied at the University of Pretoria ( B.Hons , MA ) and at UNISA ( PhD ) .
Initiated into artistic studies by his father Cesare , an associate of Luigi Scrosati , and the painter Mosè Bianchi from Lodi , Arturo Ferrari completed his training at the Brera Academy under the guidance of Giuseppe Bertini from 1877 to 1884 while working in the studio of Gerolamo Induno at the same time .
Chris England was educated at Valley Comprehensive School , Worksop , Nottinghamshire , and at Pembroke College , Cambridge .
Alfred W. Anthony ( 1860 - -1939 ) was an American author , Freewill Baptist leader , and religion professor at Bates College in Maine .
Marija Naumova has a law degree from the University of Latvia .
Pam Jenoff attended George Washington University and Cambridge University in the U.K. , where she received a master 's degree in history .
Peter Coutts was educated at the University of Melbourne in electrical engineering but was later a post - graduate student in the School of General Studies at the Australian National University .
Petru Luhan studied economics at the University of Osnabrück in Germany and also had study exchanges in the USA and Australia .
Black Cobain attended Virginia State University , graduated magna cum laude , and obtained employment at the Boys & Girls Club , uncertain he could make a viable living and income from his ambitions as an emcee .
Lisa Sharkey holds a degree from Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri .
Alva Noë ( B.Phil , University of Oxford ; Ph.D. , Harvard University ; born 1964 ) is Professor of Philosophy at the University of California , Berkeley .
In 1926 , Margaret Scoggin graduated from Radcliffe College and shortly after took a summer job at the New York Public Library .
Bob Jamieson studied at Knox College but completed his bachelor 's degree at Bradley University .
Linda Davies read Politics , Philosophy and Economics at St Edmund Hall , Oxford graduating in 1985 , then worked for seven years as an investment banker in New York City , London and Eastern Europe .
Born April 29 , 1913 in Berkeley , California , Margaret Wentworth Owings graduated from Mills College in 1934 and completed graduate studies in art at Harvard University in 1935 .
Eugène Adrien Roland Georges Garros was born in Saint - Denis , Réunion , and studied at the Lycée Janson de Sailly and HEC Paris .
Sir William Lindsay Everard was born on 13 March 1891 in Knighton , Leicester and attended Harrow School and Trinity College Cambridge .
Steve Beresford ( born 1950 ) is a British musician who graduated from the University of York .
Arthur Hills is an American golf course designer who achieved a Bachelor of Landscape Architecture from the University of Michigan and a Bachelor of Science from Michigan State University .
The Presets ' founders , Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes met in 1995 at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music where they were both studying classical music .
Ralph Weissleder ( born November 8 , 1958 in Zell am Harmersbach , Germany ) is a Professor at Harvard Medical School , Director of the Center for Systems Biology at Massachusetts General Hospital ( MGH ) and an Attending Interventional Radiologist at MGH .
Luis García Montero ( Granada , 4 December 1958 ) is a Spanish poet and literary critic , as well as a professor of Spanish Literature at the University of Granada .
Amanda Felder holds an undergraduate degree from Rice University and in March 2010 she was awarded a Ph.D. in Bioengineering from UC ( University of California ) San Diego .
Stephen M. Sano ( born 1959 ) is professor of music and the Harold C. Schmidt director of choral studies at Stanford University .
Fielding Dawson ( August 2 , 1930 -- January 5 , 2002 ) was a Beat - era author of short stories and novels , and a student at Black Mountain College .
A performer from an early age and a graduate of the Juilliard School , Christina Courtin released her first , self - titled , album in June 2009 on Nonesuch Records , of which Patrick McKiernan of website allgigs.co.uk stated , `` It 's nothing short of immense how beautiful this girl 's debut album is . ''
Graduate of the University of Aix - Marseille and Sciences Po , David Pujadas entered Paris 's Centre for Journalist Training ( CFJ ) in 1988 .
An attendant of the University of the Arts ( Philadelphia ) and graduate of Morgan State University and Rutgers University , Bilal Salaam 's sound was described by Soul Culture magazine as `` a left of centre , soulful Kid A '' .
Marvin E. Frankel ( July 26 , 1920 -- March 3 , 2002 ) was a litigator , a United States federal judge on the Southern District of New York , a professor at Columbia Law School , and a legal scholar whose views helped to establish sentencing guidelines for the federal courts .
Phebe Novakovic graduated from Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts and received an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in 1988 .
Marek Trojanowicz ( born April 30 , 1944 in Warsaw ) is a Polish chemist , professor of chemical sciences with specialization in analytical chemistry , academic staff member , and head of the Laboratory for Flow Analysis and Chromatography , University of Warsaw , Poland .
Kyffin Williams was educated at Moreton Hall School then Shrewsbury School before joining the 6th Battalion Royal Welch Fusiliers as a lieutenant in 1937 .
Lex Mpati is President of the Supreme Court of Appeal of South Africa and Chancellor of Rhodes University , his alma mater .
Lorenzo Latham ( died 1860 in New Orleans ) was during his senior year at Hamilton College a founding member of Alpha Delta Phi ( ΑΔΦ ) , now an international literary fraternity , with Samuel Eells and John Curtiss Underwood , who were also seniors , and two juniors , Oliver Andrew Morse and Henry Lemuel Storrs .
Maureen Paley was born in New York , the daughter of Alfred Paley and Sylvia Paley ; she attended Sarah Lawrence College , and graduated from Brown University in 1975 .
After leaving the Royal Masonic School for Boys , Harvey Postlethwaite attended the University of Birmingham , England to study Mechanical Engineering and graduated , with a BSc and then a doctorate , during the 1960s .
Niels August Theodor Kaj Gottlob , usually known as Kaj Gottlob , ( 9 November 1887 -- 12 May 1976 ) was a Danish architect who contributed much to Neoclassicism and Functionalism both as professor of the School of Architects at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts and as a royal building inspector .
John Warren ( 1874 - 1928 ) was a professor of anatomy at Harvard University , as well as its University Marshal .
Rouben Paul Adalian is the Director of the Armenian National Institute in Washington , D.C. Adalian received his Ph.D. in history from the University of California , Los Angeles .
Born in New York , New York , Arnold Bauman received a B.B.A. from St. John 's University in 1934 , and a J.D. from New York University School of Law in 1937 .
Alex Seropian attended the University of Chicago , and joined the Phi Delta Theta fraternity , where he would soon meet one of his future colleagues Jason Jones .
Suzan Sabancı Dinçer holds a B.A. degree in Finance and International Marketing from Richmond , The American International University in London , UK and an MBA degree from Boston University , US .
Edward Castronova obtained a BS in International Affairs from Georgetown University in 1985 and a PhD in Economics from the University of Wisconsin--
Walter Galenson ( 1914 -- December 30 , 1999 ) was a professor of economics at Cornell University and a noted U.S. labor historian and economist .
Klaus Fesser is a professor for theoretical physics at Department of Physics at the University of Greifswald , Germany .
Betsy Foxman ( born 1955 ) is an epidemiologist at the University of Michigan since 1984 , where she is director of the Center for Molecular and Clinical Epidemiology of Infectious Diseases , and of the Interdisciplinary Training Program in Infectious Diseases .
May - Britt Moser ( born 4 January 1963 ) is a Norwegian psychologist , neuroscientist , and head of department of the Centre for Neural Computation at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) .
Jean - Marie Tarascon FRSC is Professor of Chemistry at the Collège de France in Paris and Director of the French Research Network on Electrochemical Energy Storage ( RS2E ) .
Henri Grissino - Mayer is a Full Professor of Geography and Director of the Laboratory of Tree - Ring Science at the University of Tennessee , Knoxville .
Eugene Goldwasser ( October 14 , 1922 -- December 17 , 2010 ) was an American biochemist at the University of Chicago who identified erythropoietin ( widely known as EPO or Epo ) , a hormone that plays a vital role in the synthesis of red blood cells .
Birger Møller - Pedersen is a computer scientist and Professor at the University of Oslo , Department of Informatics .
Susan Hockey is an Emeritus Professor of Library and Information Studies at University College London .
Cindy Griffin ( born July 11 , 1969 ) is an American college basketball coach , currently head women 's coach at her alma mater , Saint Joseph 's University .
Kathryn Hendley ( b. 1958 ) is an American professor of law and politics , and is currently the William Voss - Bascom Professor of Law and Political Science at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Kelly D. Patterson ( born 1958 ) is a professor of political science at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and a senior research fellow with the Center for the Study of Elections Democracy at that school .
Stacey M. Floyd - Thomas is Associate Professor of Ethics and Society at Vanderbilt Divinity School and the Graduate Department of Religion at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee .
Charles Woodruff Yost ( November 6 , 1907 -- May 21 , 1981 ) was a career U.S. diplomat who was assigned as his country 's representative to the United Nations from 1969 to 1971 .
Ivan Vilela is currently a professor at the School of Communication and Arts , University of São Paulo .
Melvin Kranzberg ( November 22 , 1917 -- December 6 , 1995 ) was a professor of history at Case Western Reserve University from 1952 until 1971 .
Earle Hesse Kennard ( August 2 , 1885 -- January 31 , 1968 ) was a theoretical physicist and professor at Cornell University .
Lassi Päivärinta is a Finnish mathematician , one - time professor of applied mathematics at the department of mathematics and statistics at the University of Helsinki .
Dewi Morgan was largely self - taught , having had little formal education , becoming a master of the form of strict - meter Welsh poetry known as Cynghanedd .
During the nineties , Jawid Mojaddedi attended University of Manchester , where he earned his BA and PhD in Middle Eastern Studies .
Susan Whitfield is an English historian and librarian who works at the British Library in London , England .
Arthur P. Shimamura ( born June 26 , 1954 in Los Angeles , California ) is a professor of psychology and faculty member of the Helen Wills Neuroscience Institute at the University of California , Berkeley .
Sylvia Rafael Schjødt ( born 1 April 1937 , South Africa -- died 9 February 2005 , Pretoria , South Africa ) was a South African - born Israeli Mossad operative and was convicted of conspiracy to commit an assassination .
The Rev. Edmond La Beaume Cherbonnier ( born February 11 , 1918 ) is an American scholar in the field of religious studies , Professor ( Emeritus ) of Religion , at Trinity College , and an Episcopal Church deacon .
Wyn Grant ( born 1947 ) is a British political scientist and professor of politics at the University of Warwick .
Bonnie Brinton is a speech language pathologist , a professor at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and from 1999 - 2009 was dean of the BYU graduate school .
Seymour Chatman ( August 30 , 1928 - November 4 , 2015 ) was an American film and literary critic and professor emeritus of rhetoric at the University of California , Berkeley .
Peter Eton , ( 1917/1918 - - January 1980 ) , was a producer for BBC radio and television .
General Basile Gras ( January 2 , 1836 -- April 14 , 1901 ) created the Gras rifle for the French Army in 1874 by converting the Mle 1866 Chassepot rifle to fire metallic cartridges .
Kaarina Immonen , a national of Finland was appointed as Deputy Special Representative in the Central African Republic by the United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki - moon on 11 December 2012 .
Zahari Zograf 's best known frescoes are those in the main church of the Rila Monastery , in the chapel and the St Nicholas church of the Bachkovo Monastery , the Troyan Monastery and the Monastery of the Transfiguration .
Terry G. Jordan - Bychkov ( 1938 - -2003 ) was a Professor at the Department of Geography and the Environment at University of Texas at Austin .
Hal Buell was the former head of the Photography Service ( photography director ) at the Associated Press for twenty - five years where he supervised an international staff of 300 photographers .
Mikael Rothstein ( born May 8 , 1961 ) is an associate professor of religious history at the University of Copenhagen in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Pauline van den Driessche ( born 1941 ) is a British and Canadian applied mathematician who is a professor emerita in the department of mathematics and statistics at the University of Victoria , where she has also held an affiliation in the department of computer science .
Eddie Mair ( born 12 November 1965 in Dundee ) is a Scottish broadcaster who presents on national BBC radio and television .
Marjorie Anderson ( 7 November 1913 -- 14 December 1999 ) was a leading BBC radio broadcaster for over thirty years .
Leslie Baily ( 1906 - -1976 ) was a journalist , and a writer and producer for BBC Radio from 1924 - 1946 .
S. Peter Cowe is a Narekatsi Professor of Armenian Studies at UCLA and has taught at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , University of Chicago , and Columbia University .
Anne Sjerp Troelstra ( born 10 August 1939 ) is Emeritus professor of pure mathematics and foundations of mathematics at the Institute for Logic , Language and Computation ( ILLC ) of the University of Amsterdam .
Barbara Shearer ( September 16 , 1936 in Ottawa , Illinois -- December 6 , 2005 ) was a renowned American pianist and pedagogue at the University of California , Berkeley .
James R. Chelikowsky is a professor of physics , chemical engineering , chemistry and biochemistry at The University of Texas at Austin .
Roger Savory is a British - born Professor Emeritus at the University of Toronto who is an Iranologist and specialist on the Safavids .
Jacques Ehrmann ( 1931 - -1972 ) was a French literary theorist and a faculty member of the Yale University French Department from 1961 until his death in 1972 .
Malcolm Knight received an Honour B.A. in Political Science and Economics from the University of Toronto and M.Sc .
Thomas H. Maren ( 1918 -- August 15 , 1999 ) was a professor of medicine at the University of Florida .
Min Zhou ( * July 14th 1956 in Zhongshan ) , is Professor of Sociology at the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) and is the founding chair of the University 's Department of Asian American Studies .
Jordan Banks ( born May 17 , 1968 ) is a Canadian businessman , currently serving as Facebook 's Global Head of Vertical Strategy , as well as , the Managing Director of Facebook Canada .
Lisa Hopp ( born October 21 , 1956 ) is a professor of nursing at Purdue University Calumet where she directs the Indiana Center for Evidence - Based Nursing Practice :
Arie Bodek ( born 1947 ) is an American experimental particle physicist and George E. Pake Professor of Physics at the University of Rochester .
Thomas L. Magnanti ( born 1945 ) is an American engineer and Institute Professor and former Dean of the School of Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Adam Parsons ( born 15 July 1970 in London ) is an English television and radio presenter , working mainly for the BBC .
Kenneth M. Sayre is an American philosopher who spent most of his career at the University of Notre Dame ( ND ) .
Eric K. Meyer ( born August 23 , 1953 ) is an American associate professor of journalism at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
Sahle - Work Zewde , a native of Ethiopia , currently serves as the Director - General of the United Nations Office at Nairobi ( UNON ) .
Edward F. Sherman served as the 20th dean and is currently the W.R. Irby Chair in Law at the Tulane University Law School .
Manfred Broy ( born 10 August 1949 at Landsberg am Lech ) is a German computer scientist , and Professor in the Institut für Informatik at the Technische Universität München , Garching , Germany .
Douglas G. Stuart ( born October 5 , 1931 ) is a Regents ' professor emeritus of Physiology at the University of Arizona .
Jan Hemelrijk ( 28 May 1918 -- 16 March 2005 ) was a Dutch mathematician , Professor of Statistics at the University of Amsterdam , and authority in the field of stochastic processes .
Angelika Amon , Ph.D. ( b. 1967 ) is an Austrian American molecular and cell biologist and professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in Cambridge , Massachusetts , United States .
Derryl Cousins ( born August 18 , 1946 ) is a former umpire in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
James E. Falen is a professor emeritus of Russian at the University of Tennessee .
Neva Goodwin is Co - Director of the Global Development And Environment Institute ( GDAE ) at Tufts University , where she is a Research Associate at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy and director of the Social Science Library :
Darren Hawkins ( born April 15 , 1966 ) is an American professor and the current chair of the department of Political Science at Brigham Young University .
Ellen P. Reese ( 1926 - -1997 ) was the Norma Cutts Dafoe professor of psychology at Mount Holyoke College until 1994 .
Mara Keisling ( born September 29 , 1959 in Scranton , Pennsylvania ) is an American transgender rights activist and founding executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality , based in Washington , DC . She is a trans woman who started transitioning in her 40s .
Ed Harding is the principal anchor on WCVB - TV ( Channel 5 ) in Boston , anchoring the 5 , 6 , and 11 PM editions of NewsCenter 5 .
Tung Soo Hua ( Chinese : 董素华 ; pinyin : Dǒng Sùhúa ) is a television news anchor and current affairs presenter with MediaCorp TV Channel 8 and Channel U.
Tom Finkelpearl is an American arts promoter and former museum director who serves as commissioner of the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs .
Gerd Roellecke ( 1927 in Iserlohn , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany -- 2011 in Karlsruhe , Baden - Württemberg , Germany ) was a German researcher , lawyer , philosopher and former professor for public law and philosophy at the University of Mannheim from 1969 to 1999 .
Arnall Patz ( June 14 , 1920 -- March 11 , 2010 ) was an American medical doctor and research professor at Johns Hopkins University .
Jörg Baberowski ( born 24 March 1961 ) is a German historian and Professor of Eastern European History at the Humboldt University of Berlin .
Ousmane Oumar Kane holds the Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Chair on Contemporary Islamic Religion and Society at the Harvard Divinity School and the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilization at Harvard University since July 2012 .
Morris Fishbein M.D. ( July 22 , 1889 -- September 27 , 1976 ) was a physician who became the editor of the Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) from 1924 to 1950 .
Eugen Fraenkel worked as pathologist and bacteriologist researcher at the Eppendorf Hospital ( Eppendorfer Krankenhaus ) affiliated with the University of Hamburg where he discovered the gas gangrene bacillus ( Bacillus fraenkeli , later renamed Clostridium perfringens ) .
As'ad AbuKhalil ( Arabic : أسعد أبو خليل ) ( born March 16 , 1960 ) is a Lebanese - American professor of political science at California State University , Stanislaus .
Peter Wasserscheid ( born 23 October 1970 in Würzburg ) is a German chemist and professor for chemical reaction engineering at the University of Erlangen - Nuremberg .
Constantine Pozrikidis is a Professor of Chemical Engineering at the University of Massachusetts Amherst , known for his contributions in the areas of theoretical and computational fluid dynamics , applied mathematics , and scientific computing .
Markus Gabriel ( born April 6 , 1980 ) is a German philosopher and author at the University of Bonn .
David Sudarsky is an astrophysicist at the University of Arizona .
Thane Gustafson is a professor of political science at Georgetown University , Washington , D.C. , USA .
Katherine K. Young is a Canadian religious studies professor at McGill University .
Yacine Ait - Sahalia is the Otto Hack 1903 Professor of Finance and Economics at Princeton University .
Joanna Agacka - Indecka graduated from the University of Łódź and then was assistant professor at the Chair of Penal Procedure of the Faculty of Law and Administration of the same university ( 1988 - -2001 ) .
John Ochsendorf ( born 1974 ) is a structural engineer and historian of construction ; he is a professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering and Architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Wyre Davies is a Welsh journalist , and South America correspondent for BBC News .
Jan de Leeuw ( born December 19 , 1945 ) is a Dutch statistician , and Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Statistics and Founding Chair of the Department of Statistics , University of California , Los Angeles .
Jean Paul Van Bendegem ( born 28 March 1953 in Ghent ) is a mathematician , a philosopher of science , and a prominent professor at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel in Brussels .
William D. Haseman is an expert of Management Information Systems and Wisconsin Distinguished Professor of MIS of University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee .
James Kakalios ( born 1958 ) is a physics professor at the University of Minnesota .
Samuel Estreicher ( born 1948 ) is Dwight D. Opperman Professor of Law at New York University School of Law , director of its Center for Labor and Employment and co - director of its Institute of Judicial Administration .
Carl Schiøtz ( 2 November 1877 -- 20 September 1938 ) was a Norwegian physician and professor of hygiene and bacteriology at the University of Oslo .
Stephen Zaccaro is an American professor of psychology from Fairfax , Virginia where he teaches at the George Mason University .
David G. Anderson ( born 1949 ) is an archaeologist in the department of anthropology at the University of Tennessee , Knoxville , who specializes in Southeastern archaeology .
Mark H. Moore is the Hauser Professor for Nonprofit Organizations and Faculty Chair of the Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University .
Peggy Kamuf ( born 1947 ) is the Marion Frances Chevalier Professor of French and Comparative Literature at the University of Southern California .
Günther Bornkamm ( 8 October 1905 -- 18 February 1990 ) was a German New Testament scholar belonging to the school of Rudolf Bultmann and a Professor of New Testament at the University of Heidelberg .
Robert Bruce Findler , colloquially known as `` Robby '' , is an American computer scientist , currently an associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science at Northwestern University .
William Roger Louis CBE FBA ( born May 8 , 1936 ) , also known as Wm . Roger Louis , or Roger Louis , informally , is an American historian , currently distinguished historian at the University of Texas at Austin .
William W. Freehling ( born 1935 ) is an American historian , and Singletary Professor of the Humanities Emeritus at the University of Kentucky .
Madeleine Blais ( born 1946 ) is a United States journalist , author and professor in the University of Massachusetts Amherst 's journalism department .
David C. Page , MD , is a professor of biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) and the director of the Whitehead Institute , and is best known for his work on mapping the Y - chromosome and on its evolution in mammals and expression during development .
John Lachs is the Centennial Professor of Philosophy at Vanderbilt University , where he has taught since 1967 .
Frederick Richard Dimbleby , CBE ( 25 May 1913 -- 22 December 1965 ) was an English journalist and broadcaster , who became the BBC 's first war correspondent , and then its leading TV news commentator .
Bedii Süheyl Batum ( born 6 May 1955 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish academic and the former rector of Bahçeşehir University , Istanbul .
Cristina Gallach ( born 1960 ) is the United Nations Under - Secretary - General for Communications and Public Information .
Karl H. Pribram ( February 25 , 1919 -- January 19 , 2015 ) was a professor at Georgetown University , in the United States , an emeritus professor of psychology and psychiatry at Stanford University and distinguished professor at Radford University .
George R. Rossman is the Eleanor and John R. McMillan Professor of Mineralogy at the California Institute of Technology .
Horace Newcomb held the Lambdin Kay Chair for the Peabody Award in the Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of Georgia from 2001 through June 2013 .
Christoph Steinbeck is a chemist born in Neuwied in 1966 , working at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory - European Bioinformatics Institute ( EMBL - EBI ) .
Mildred T. Stahlman is a professor of pediatrics and pathology at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee .
Arlie Russell Hochschild ( /ˈhoʊkʃɪld/ ) is a professor emerita of sociology at the University of California , Berkeley .
José Emilio Amores Cañals ( March 10 , 1919 - June 27 , 2014 ) was one of the first chemistry teachers at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education and currently known for his work in promoting the arts from 1947 to the present in the city of Monterrey , Mexico .
Robin Aitken is a British journalist who for many years worked for the BBC .
Paul - Alain Beaulieu is a Canadian Assyriologist , a Professor of Near and Middle Eastern Civilizations at the University of Toronto .
Johann Wolfgang Jäger was a German professor of Protestant theology and chancellor of the University of Tübingen .
Philip R. Davies is a present day Professor emeritus of biblical studies at the University of Sheffield , England .
Erich Karkoschka ( born 1955 ) is a planetary researcher at the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory of the University of Arizona .
Alan K. Parrish is a professor of religious education at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) who has written books and articles related to American education and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) , most notably a biography of John A. Widtsoe .
Teresa Wynn Roseborough ( born November 28 , 1958 ) is an American lawyer , a former Deputy Assistant Attorney General during the Clinton administration and is the current executive vice president and general counsel at The Home Depot .
Mark Silk is a professor of religion in public life at Trinity College ( Hartford , Connecticut ) , where he directs the Leonard E. Greenberg Center for the Study of Religion in Public Life and serves as editor of Religion in the News .
Roberto Tamassia is a computer scientist , the Plastech Professor of Computer Science at Brown University , and since 2007 has been chair of the Brown Computer Science department .
Theresa Stewart ( born in Leeds on 24 August 1930 ) is an English Labour politician and the first female leader of Birmingham City Council , a position which she attained in October 1993 , succeeding Dick Knowles , and in competition for which she was beaten by Sir Albert Bore in May 1999 .
Matthew Price ( born 5 June 1972 , London ) is a British journalist who currently works as Chief Correspondent for the BBC Radio 4 Today programme .
Herman Chernoff ( born July 1 , 1923 , New York ) is an American applied mathematician , statistician and physicist formerly a professor at MIT and currently working at Harvard University .
Tomasz Jasiński ( born 1951 ) is a Polish historian , dean of the History Department at the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań .
Ray O. Johnson , an American executive focused on business , innovation , and diversity , is the former Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the Lockheed Martin Corporation .
Lawrence S.B. Goldstein ( born Buffalo , New York ; February 20 , 1956 ) is a professor of cellular and molecular medicine at University of California , San Diego and investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
Chanda Kochhar ( born 17 November 1961 ) is the managing director ( MD ) and chief executive officer ( CEO ) of ICICI Bank .
On the radio , Bernard Maris had a weekly column entitled J'ai tout compris à l'économie , each Saturday on France Inter , and took part each Friday in a debate on topical economic issues with the economic journalist of Les Échos , Dominique Seux , from 7:50 .
Josiah Parsons Cooke ( October 12 , 1827 -- September 3 , 1894 ) was an American scientist who worked at Harvard University and was instrumental in the measurement of atomic weights , inspiring America 's first Nobel laureate in chemistry , Theodore Richards , to pursue similar research .
Anthony Dickenson , BSc , PhD , FmedSci is Professor of Neuropharmacology at University College , London .
David Lobell is an agricultural ecologist and an Associate Professor in Environmental Earth System Science at Stanford University .
Mirko Tobias Schäfer is a media scholar at Utrecht University .
David G. Taylor has worked as a senior producer and director for the BBC .
Carl Tancred Borenius ( July 14 , 1885 , Vyborg -- September 2 , 1948 , Salisbury ) was a Finnish art historian working in England , who became the first professor of the history of art at University College London .
Kemal Karpat is a Turkish historian and former professor at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
John Gaventa OBE ( born 1949 ) is currently the Director of Research at the Institute of Development Studies , University of Sussex , where he has been a Fellow since 1996 .
John W. Semple is a Canadian Scientist at St. Michael 's Hospital and a Professor of Pharmacology at the University of Toronto .
Larry C. Johnson is a former analyst at the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency , who moved subsequently in 1989 to the U.S. Department of State , where he served four years as the deputy director for transportation security , antiterrorism assistance training , and special operations in the State Department 's Office of Counterterrorism .
Carl Alexandre , a national of United States was appointed as Deputy Special Representative for the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ( MINUSTAH ) by the United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki - moon on 17 January 2013 .
Lo Man - fei ( Chinese : 羅曼菲 ; 16 September 1955 -- 24 March 2006 ) was a Taiwanese dancer and choreographer , best known for her work with the Cloud Gate Dance Theatre .
Claire Kremen ( born 1961 ) is an American biologist , and professor of conservation biology at University of California , Berkeley .
Anthony Farmer ( born 1657 ) was an Englishman nominated by King James II to the office of President of Magdalen College , Oxford , in 1687 .
Barbara Aland , née Ehlers ( born 12 April 1937 in Hamburg , Germany ) is a German theologian and was a Professor of New Testament Research and Church History at Westphalian Wilhelms - University of Münster until 2002 .
Alwin Schultz ( 6 August 1838 -- 10 March 1909 ) was a German art historian and medievalist , professor of art history at the Charles University in Prague .
Paul DePodesta ( born December 16 , 1972 ) is the chief strategy officer for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Michiel Hazewinkel ( born June 22 , 1943 ) is a Dutch mathematician , and Emeritus Professor of Mathematics at the Centre for Mathematics and Computer and the University of Amsterdam , particularly known for his 1978 book Formal groups and applications and as editor of the Encyclopedia of Mathematics .
Gabrielle Oberhänsli - Widmer ( born June 16 , 1957 in Menziken , Switzerland ) , is Professor of Jewish studies at the University of Freiburg .
Cumrun Vafa ( Persian : کامران وفا‎‎ , ( kɒːmˈrɒːn væˈfɒː ) ; born 1960 in Tehran ) is an Iranian - American string theorist from Harvard University , which he first joined as a Harvard Junior Fellow .
Hubert Gregg ( 14 July 1914 -- 30 March 2004 ) was a BBC broadcaster , writer and stage actor .
Richard Lui is an American journalist and news anchor for MSNBC and NBC News .
Frank Gillard CBE ( 1 December 1909 -- 20 October 1998 ) was a BBC executive , reporter and radio innovator .
Guy Patin was doyen ( or dean ) of the Faculty of Medicine in Paris ( 1650 - -1652 ) and professor in the Collège de France starting in 1655 .
Betty Miller Unterberger ( December 27 , 1922 -- May 15 , 2012 ) was a historian , who as professor of American international relations spent the bulk of her extensive academic career at Texas A&M University .
Niels Ingwersen ( May 18 , 1935 - November 14 , 2009 ) was a Danish scholar in Scandinavian Studies and a professor at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Holly Rushmeier is an American computer scientist and professor at Yale University .
Jiang Gaoming ( simplified Chinese : 蒋高明 ; traditional Chinese : 蔣高明 ; pinyin : Jiăng Gāomíng ) is a professor and Ph.D. tutor at the Chinese Academy of Sciences '' Institute of Botany .
Carl Wunsch was the Cecil and Ida Green Professor of Physical Oceanography at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , until he retired in 2013 .
Robert Ng Chee Siong ( Chinese : 黄志祥 ; Jyutping : wong4 zi3 coeng4 , born 1952 ) is the chairman of Hong Kong property development conglomerate Sino Group , a position he has held since 1981 .
Kamil Özerk ( born 8 October 1954 in Cyprus ) is a Norwegian - Turkish Cypriot educator and professor of pedagogy at the University of Oslo .
Roberto Battiti ( born 1961 ) is an Italian computer scientist , Professor of computer science at the University of Trento , director of the LIONlab ( Learning and Intelligent Optimization ) , and deputy director of the DISI Department ( Electrical Engineering and Computer Science ) and delegate for technology transfer .
Stephen J. Ceci is an American psychologist at Cornell University .
Joyelle McSweeney ( born 1976 ) is a poet , playwright , novelist , critic , and professor at the University of Notre Dame .
Phil Husbands ( born 1961 ) is a professor of computer science and artificial intelligence at the English University of Sussex , situated next to the East Sussex village of Falmer , within the city of Brighton and Hove .
LeAnne Howe ( born April 29 , 1951 ) is an American author and Eidson Distinguished Professor in the Department of English at the University of Georgia , Athens .
Dr. Karim Jamal , CA , is Chartered Accountants ' Distinguished Chair in Accounting , and a professor at the University of Alberta School of Business .
Ulrich Luz ( born 23 February 1938 ) is a Swiss theologian and professor emeritus at the University of Bern .
Antxon Olarrea is a Spanish syntactician and a professor of linguistics within the Department of Spanish and Portuguese at the University of Arizona .
Sanjoy Majumder is a journalist associated with British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) .
James Frazier Barker ( born May 1 , 1947 ) is the former president of Clemson University .
Galina Timchenko ( Russian : Гали́на Ви́кторовна Ти́мченко ; b. May 8 , 1962 ) is a Russian journalist and the executive editor of Meduza .
Dr. Robert David Johnson ( born 1967 ) , also known as KC Johnson , is an American history professor at Brooklyn College and the City University of New York Graduate Center .
Henry A. Lardy ( August 19 , 1917 -- August 4 , 2010 ) was a biochemist and professor emeritus in the Biochemistry Department at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
The Hon . Nicola Dahrendorf is a British government and United Nations official , and an expert on sexual violence , human rights and security sector reform .
Roland Rich ( born 2 May 1951 ) is an Australian career diplomat who has been the head of the United Nations Democracy Fund since 2007 , and is also Officer - in - Charge of the United Nations Office for Partnerships .
Emeritus professor Brian Stoddart is an Australian academic who was the vice - chancellor of La Trobe University between 2005 and 2006 .
Ivan Soll ( born Albert Ivan Soll ; born March 1938 ) is an American philosopher who is a Professor Emeritus in the Department of Philosophy at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison in the United States .
Seth Pollak is College of Letters and Science Distinguished Professor of Psychology and an Investigator in the Social and Affective Processes Unit of the Waisman Center at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Tanya Seaman is an American environmentalist and the co - founder and past executive director of PhillyCarShare .
Frank Kschischang ( born 15 September 1962 in Mettmann , West Germany ( now Germany ) ) is a Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Toronto , and holds a Canada Research Chair in communication algorithms .
Dr. Catherine Emihovich is the former Dean and current faculty member of the University of Florida College of Education .
William Thomson Newnham ( February 7 , 1923 -- August 23 , 2014 ) was a Canadian educator and the first president of Seneca College serving from 1967 through 1984 .
Evan Siemann is an associate professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at Rice University in Houston , Texas .
Kees van der Pijl ( born 15 June 1947 ) is a Dutch political scientist who is emeritus professor of international relations at the University of Sussex .
David William Cohen ( born 2 June 1943 ) is Emeritus Professor of History and Anthropology at the University of Michigan .
From 1969 to 1994 , Jules Angst was Professor of Clinical Psychiatry in the University of Zurich Medical School and Head of the Research Department of Zurich University Psychiatric Hospital ( the Burghölzli ) .
Nora Lustig ( born January 13 , 1951 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is the Samuel Z. Stone Professor of Latin American Economics in the Department of Economics at Tulane University and a non - resident Fellow at the Center for Global Development and the Inter - American Dialogue .
Willis Henry Bocock ( 1865 -- 1947 ) was a prominent administrator and professor of Classics at the University of Georgia .
John A. Rogers is a physical chemist and a materials scientist at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign until the summer of 2016 .
George M. Whitesides ( born August 3 , 1939 ) is an American chemist and professor of chemistry at Harvard University .
In the same year that the University of Hamburg was founded , Otto Lauffer was granted the first professorship in folklore in Germany , which he retained until 1939 .
Ron Sun is a well known cognitive scientist and currently Professor of Cognitive Sciences at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute , and formerly the James C. Dowell Professor of Engineering and Professor of Computer Science at University of Missouri .
How to Love Food and Lose Weight , The Hairy Bikers ' Asian Adventure and The Hairy Bikers ' Northern Exposure for BBC Two , and The Hairy Bikers ' Mississippi Adventure for Good Food .
Margaret Leinen ( born September 20 , 1946 ) is vice chancellor for Marine Sciences , director of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , and dean of the School of Marine Sciences at the University of California , San Diego .
Major General Luciano Portolano is the Commander of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon .
Anissa Abi - Dargham , M.D. , is Chief of the Division of Translational Imaging in the Psychiatry Department of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons .
Michael E. Mann ( born 1965 ) is an American climatologist and geophysicist , currently director of the Earth System Science Center at Pennsylvania State University , who has contributed to the scientific understanding of historic climate change based on the temperature record of the past thousand years .
Lynn Nadel ( born 12 November 1942 ) is the Regents ' Professor of psychology at the University of Arizona .
Karl William Kapp ( October 27 , 1910 -- April 4 , 1976 ) was a German - American economist and professor of economics at the University of the City of New York and later the University of Basel .
Eliezer Melamed is the son of Rabbi Zalman Baruch Melamed , a student of Rabbi Zvi Yehuda Kook .
Gunchen Chanyu ( aka Junchen Chinese : 單于 , 軍臣 ; r. 161 - -126 BCE ) , whose proper name is unknown , was a Chanyu of the Xiongnu , the successor to Laoshang Chanyu ( 老上單于 ) .
Caracolero was a chestnut horse with a white star and short white socks on his left feet bred in Kentucky by Leslie Combs II . His sire Graustark had a brief but promising racing career before becoming a very successful breeding stallion whose progeny included Prove Out , Key To The Mint , Avatar and Jim French .
Better Talk Now 's sire was Talkin Man , the 1994 Canadian Champion Two - Year - Old Colt who in turn is a son of With Approval , the 1989 Canadian Triple Crown Champion and a Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee .
Gongsun Yuan was the son of the Han Dynasty warlord Gongsun Kang , who controlled Liaodong , Xuantu , Lelang and Daifang commanderies .
Mile High Comics is an online retailer and a chain of three Colorado comic book stores founded by Chuck Rozanski in 1969 from his parents ' basement in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Bain Capital was founded in 1984 by Bain & Company partners Mitt Romney , T. Coleman Andrews III , and Eric Kriss , after Bill Bain had offered Romney the chance to head a new venture that would invest in companies and apply Bain 's consulting techniques to improve operations .
William MacAskill is the Founder and President of 80,000 Hours , the Co - founder and Vice - President of Giving What We Can , and a Research Associate at the Uehiro Centre for Practical Ethics , Oxford University .
Bajaj Group ( pronounced : ( buh - jaaj ) ) is an Indian conglomerate founded by Jamnalal Bajaj in 1926 , Mumbai .
E - Squared Records was a record label founded in 1996 by singer - songwriter and producer Steve Earle and seasoned music executive Jack Emerson .
Konstfack has had several different names since it was founded in 1844 by the ethnologist and artist Nils Månsson Mandelgren as a part - time art school for artisans , under the name `` Söndags - Rit - skola för Handtverkare '' ( `` Sunday Drawing School for Artisans '' ) .
The Diários Associados , or Associated Dailies , are a union of Brazilian communication media created by Assis Chateaubriand .
Lebara was founded in 2001 by Ratheesan Yoganathan , Rasiah Ranjith Leon and Baskaran Kandiah .
Debauve & Gallais is a French chocolate manufacturer founded by Sulpice Debauve in 1800 .
Sensible Software was formed in Chelmsford , Essex in 1986 by two former school friends , Jon Hare ( A.K.A. Jovial Jops ) and Chris Yates ( A.K.A. Cuddly Krix ) .
Max Myanmar Group of Companies ( Burmese : မက်စ်မြန်မာကုမ္ပဏီအုပ်စု ) is a Burmese company , known for its ties to the Burmese military owned by a local tycoon , Zaw Zaw .
Pictures of the Year International began as a news photography contest in the spring of 1944 when University of Missouri professor Clifton C. Edom and his wife , Vi , founded the First Annual Fifty - Print Exhibition contest .
The Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition ( FPMT ) was founded in 1975 by Lamas Thubten Yeshe and Thubten Zopa Rinpoche , who began teaching Buddhism to Western students in Nepal .
Elekta was founded in 1972 by the late Lars Leksell , Professor of Neurosurgery at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden .
In 1995 Coffee Republic was founded by brother and sister team Bobby and Sahar Hashemi .
The Pōmare Dynasty was the reigning family of the Kingdom of Tahiti between the unification of the island by Pōmare I in 1788 and Pōmare V 's cession of the kingdom to France in 1880 .
Rogers Wireless was founded by David Margolese , Ted Rogers , Marc Belzberg and Philippe de Gaspé Beaubien .
Four Music ( FOUR MUSIC Productions GmbH ) is a German record label founded by Die Fantastischen Vier in 1996 .
Henshaws Society for Blind People ( founded in 1837 ) , by Oldham businessman Thomas Henshaw , is a specialist charity providing support , advice and training to anyone affected by sight loss and other disabilities .
One of the oldest newspapers still published , it originally appeared as Zürcher Zeitung , edited by Salomon Gessner , on 12 January 1780 , and was renamed as Neue Zürcher Zeitung in 1821 .
G - Force Technologies ( formerly Chip Ganassi Racing Ltd. ) was an American racing car manufacturer originally formed by Americans Chip Ganassi and Ken Anderson in 1991 .
Rocket Pictures is a British film company founded in 1996 by Elton John to produce family and music themed film and TV projects .
The House of Wessex , also known as the House of Cerdic , refers to the family that initially ruled a kingdom in southwest England known as Wessex , from the 6th century under Cerdic of Wessex until the unification of the Kingdoms of England .
Thorntons is a British chocolate company established by Joseph William Thornton in 1911 .
The National Underwater and Marine Agency ( NUMA ) , originally an organization within the fiction of author Clive Cussler , is a private non - profit organization in the United States .
Chris Montgomery , creator of the Ogg container format , founded the Xiphophorus company and later the Xiph . Org Foundation .
Opeth was formed as a death metal band in the autumn of 1990 in Stockholm , Sweden by vocalist David Isberg .
Edge West Productions ( also known as Edge West ) is an American film and television production company founded by Peabody Award winning producer / director / writer , Philip J Day .
What is now Aid to the Church in Need was founded by Dutch Catholic priest Father Werenfried van Straaten at Christmas 1947 to aid German expellees and refugees fled from or expelled from Eastern Europe in the wake of the Second World War , many of them Catholic .
The Janata Party ( Secular ) ( Hindi : जनता पार्टी ( धर्मनिरपेक्ष ) ) was an Indian political party founded by Raj Narain in July , 1979 .
Meridian Audio is an English manufacturer of high - performance , high - fidelity audio and video components and systems founded in 1977 by Bob Stuart and Allen Boothroyd .
The Scout Association and Girlguiding UK are separate organisations , but were both founded by Robert Baden - Powell and share similar aims and methods .
Signature Creative Inc ( Signature CreativeTM ) is a Los Angeles - based digital and creative agency founded in 2004 by John Gheur and singer / musician Poe .
Quinze & Milan Designers is a Belgian cult design label and manufacturer of designer furniture founded by Belgian conceptual artist Arne Quinze and Yves Milan , who has since left the company , in 1999 .
Prope Ltd. is an independent video game development studio of famed programmer Yuji Naka .
Raaj Kamal Films International is an Indian film production and distribution company founded and headed by Kamal Haasan .
Blackfish Publishing was founded in late 2006 by Matt Bielby , best known for his work at Future Publishing , also based in Bath , UK , where he worked on Total Film , PC Gamer and SFX .
Founded in 1879 by Carlo Barsotti , who was also the first director , Il Progresso Italo - Americano was a bully pulpit for raising funds for monuments by public subscription in the city of New York .
Handley Page Transport Ltd was an airline company founded in 1919 by Frederick Handley Page in the new era of civil flying after the First World War .
Rekords Rekords is a record label formed by Josh Homme .
The lease was approved on 11 June 1948 The city was named Rabwah by then leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community , Hadhrat Mirza Basheer - ud - Din Mahmood Ahmad .
Clerget - Blin ( full name being Société Clerget - Blin et Cie ) was a French precision engineering company formed in 1913 by the engineer and inventor Pierre Clerget and industrialist Eugène Blin .
Entertainment Studios is an independent television production and distribution company that was founded by comedian Byron Allen in 1993 under the name CF Entertainment .
The Society of Divine Vocations , also known as the Vocationist Fathers or by the abbreviation S.D.V. , is a religious Congregation of Priests and Brothers founded by Blessed Fr . Justin Russolillo ( 1891 - 1955 ) in Italy .
In 1893 , Charles Montague Cooke ( 1849 - -1909 ) with his brother - in - law Joseph Ballard Atherton and business partner Peter Cushman Jones founded Bank of Hawaii .
The Parents Television Council ( PTC ) is a United States - based censorship advocacy group founded by conservative Catholic activist L. Brent Bozell III in 1995 .
Restless Beings was founded by Rahima Begum and Mabrur Ahmed on 31 October 2007 and launched on 1 May 2008 .
Amnesty International was founded in London in 1961 , following the publication of the article `` The Forgotten Prisoners '' in The Observer 28 May 1961 , by the lawyer Peter Benenson .
The American Taekwondo Association ( ATA ) was founded in 1969 in Omaha , Nebraska by Haeng Ung Lee of South Korea .
Hotel du Vin is a luxury boutique hotel chain that has sixteen hotels throughout the United Kingdom , co - founded by Gerard Basset and Robin Hutson .
Ascot - Pullin Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer founded by Cyril Pullin as the Ascot Motor and Manufacture Co Ltd at Letchworth , Hertfordshire in 1928 .
DAMS was founded in 1988 by Jean - Paul Driot and former Formula One driver René Arnoux .
The Social Action Party was formed by the more liberal members of the Democrat Party in 1974 under the leadership of Kukrit Pramoj .
Northern Songs Ltd was a limited company founded in 1963 , by music publisher Dick James , Brian Epstein , John Lennon and Paul McCartney , to publish songs written by Lennon and McCartney , as well as songs written by George Harrison and Ringo Starr , who were all members of the Beatles .
CITIC Group Corporation ( Chinese : 中信集团公司 ; pinyin : Zhōngxìn Jítuán Gōngsī ) , formerly the China International Trust and Investment Corporation , is a state - owned investment company of the People 's Republic of China , established by Rong Yiren in 1979 with the approval of Deng Xiaoping .
Power Jets Ltd was a British company set up by Frank Whittle for the purpose of designing and manufacturing jet engines .
The Reich Main Security Office ( German : Reichssicherheitshauptamt or RSHA ) was an organization subordinate to Heinrich Himmler in his dual capacities as Chef der Deutschen Polizei ( Chief of German Police ) and Reichsführer - SS , the head of the Nazi Party 's Schutzstaffel ( SS ) .
Clann Somhairle , sometimes anglicised as Clan Sorley , /ˌklæn ˈsɔrli/ refers to those Scottish and Irish dynasties descending from the famous Norse - Gaelic leader Somerled , King of Mann and the Isles .
Wolff Olins was founded in Camden Town , London , in 1965 by designer Michael Wolff and advertising executive Wally Olins .
Tangerine Dream are a German electronic music group founded in 1967 by Edgar Froese .
The airline was established in 2003 in San José by Aeropostal Alas de Venezuela as Aeropostal Alas de Centroamerica .
The Second Masol Government was created after the Ukrainian parliament had ousted the previous Cabinet of Leonid Kuchma on September 21 , 1993 .
Chengzhi Co. , Ltd is a technology company of the People 's Republic of China , established on 9 October 1998 .
The Toronto , Grey and Bruce Railway was chartered in 1868 to build a narrow gauge railway from Toronto to Grey and Bruce Counties in Ontario , Canada .
Alpha Industries is an American clothing manufacturer founded in 1959 in Knoxville , Tennessee .
The Music Therapy Trust was established in 2005 as a registered Indian society and became the first to introduce clinical music therapy network in India .
They would like to conserve the forest , thus , Khlong Wang Chao National Park was gazetted on August 29 , 1990 with 747 km2 ( 288 sq mi ) as the 63rd park of Thailand .
On 22 June 1940 , No . 2 Commando was turned over to parachute duties , and , on 21 November , was re - designated as the 11th Special Air Service ( SAS ) Battalion and eventually re - designated 1st Parachute Battalion .
Ride for Refuge was started in Canada in 2004 , by the Christian missionary organization International Teams Canada .
The Ely Imps was started in 2006 as a choir for a concert with John Rutter conducting and composing music for them .
The Free Knowledge Institute ( FKI ) is a not - for - profit organization founded in 2006 in The Netherlands .
SM the Ballad ( stylized as S.M. THE BALLAD ) is a South Korean ballad group formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2010 .
The four channels launched on November 23 , 2011 under the blanket branding Hollywood Suite , with all four channels typically distributed as a single package ; the channels were marketed as providing a `` pure , high quality , affordable movie experience '' .
The National Memorial was authorized on October 9 , 1997 , by President Bill Clinton 's signing of the Oklahoma City National Memorial Act of 1997 .
The Institutional Missionary Baptist Conference of America is a recent division of the National Missionary Baptist Convention of America , which was formed on November 15 , 1988 .
Net Impact was founded in 1993 as Students for Responsible Business ( SRB ) .
The company was founded by Count Giovanni Agusta in 1923 , who flew his first airplane in 1907 .
The Institute for Advanced Strategic and Political Studies ( IASPS ) is an Israel - based think tank with an affiliated office in Washington , D.C. It was founded in 1984 by its president , Professor Robert Loewenberg .
The Museum of Comparative Zoology was founded in 1859 through the efforts of zoologist Louis Agassiz , and the museum used to be referred to as `` The Agassiz '' after its founder .
WikiCity Guides began in 2009 , and is led by Patrick Lazure and Rohit Keshwani .
Merzouga Rally is a rally raid that takes place in Morocco every year since 2010 at the beginning of October in the big dunes of Merzouga .
Oud - Beijerland was formed in 1559 as `` Beijerland '' by Lamoral , Count of Egmont .
Musical Youth Theatre Company was an English youth theatre company founded in 1987 in Bath , Somerset in the South West of England .
The Transgender Day of Remembrance was founded in 1999 by Gwendolyn Ann Smith , a trans woman who is a graphic designer , columnist , and activist , to memorialize the murder of Rita Hester in Allston , Massachusetts .
The band spent the Fall of 2010 recording their debut album Coke Weed Volume One , which was released the following year .
Edouard Malingue Gallery is a Hong Kong - based commercial gallery founded by French art dealer Edouard Malingue in 2010 to show emerging and established contemporary artists around the world .
The Michigan Nature Association is an association in the U.S. state of Michigan which was established in 1952 .
Keshet International was established in 2012 and is led by chief executive officer Alon Shtruzman .
Leprino Foods was founded by James Leprino 's father Mike Leprino in 1950 as a family - owned market selling grocery items and handmade cheese in Denver .
Our Last Enemy was formed in 2006 by Oliver Fogwell , Jeff Ritchie , and Matt Heywood .
Since 1930 when the company was founded , Mostotrest has completed over 7,500 infrastructure facilities including bridges , foot bridges , tunnels and complex transport interchanges .
Founded in 2009 , Virtual Brokers began as a division of BBS Securities Inc. Virtual Brokers is an online trading service enabling trade execution of equities , options , warrants , bonds , debentures , ETFs and mutual funds .
Necromantia is a Greek black metal band that was founded in 1989 in Athens , Greece .
2007 founding of the band in Taipei 2009 the Funky Brothers participated in the TV program `` Super Band '' 2012 the Funky brothers were the first Taiwanese band to launch a Crowdfunding campaign to finance their first full album .
The Premier League Darts is a darts tournament which launched on 20 January 2005 on Sky Sports .
Jay Jays is an Australian apparel chain store that was founded in 1993 , and is owned and operated by the Just Group .
The Tajik League is the top division of the Tajikistan Football Federation , it was created in 1992 .
Alinma Bank ( Arabic : مصرف الإنماء‎ ) is a Saudi joint stock company formed in accordance with Royal Decree No . M/15 dated 28 March 2006 and Ministerial Resolution No . 42 dated 27 March 2007 .
Sundance Industries was a firearms manufacturer established in 1989 by Steven Jennings , the nephew of Raven Arms founder George Jennings .
Free Comic Book Day started in 2002 and is coordinated by the industry 's single large distributor , Diamond Comic Distributors .
Tutl is a record label of the Faroe Islands , founded in 1977 by the Danish jazz musician and composer Kristian Blak .
Topps itself was founded in 1938 , but the company can trace its roots back to an earlier firm , American Leaf Tobacco .
1992 - foundation as FC Vilia Briceni 1994 - renaming in FC Progresul Briceni 1996 - dissolution
After the relocation of ASKÖ Pasching to Klagenfurt , the new club was founded on 16 May 2007 as FC Pasching .
Rocketplane Limited , Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the state of Oklahoma on 16 July 2001 .
Atlas Genius are an alternative rock band formed in Adelaide , South Australia in November 2009 .
The AGEUS Award for Individual Contribution began in 2006 .
Bathrooms.com is a UK retailer of bathroom goods , such as baths , sinks and toilets , established in 2004 .
OzSpy started with a single store in Brisbane in 1998 and was an immediate success .
Virgin Radio Turkey was launched at Ankara in 2008 .
Puressence was a British rock band from Failsworth , Greater Manchester , England , formed in May 1992 .
This article is about the international Aerospace Journalist of the Year Awards ( abbreviated `` AJOYA '' ) , issued from 1996 to 2009 - 2010 by the World Leadership Forum , Ltd , of London , England , U.K. , in conjunction with the Farnborough Air Show ( England ) and the Paris Air Show ( France ) .
Greenery Press was founded in 1991 by author Janet Hardy .
Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College was established in 1996 by Sree Vidyanikethan Educational Trust under the stewardship of Mohan Babu , a film artist and former member of Rajya Sabha . The college is situated in lush green and scenic surroundings , 16 km from the famous temple - town of Tirupati .
The program took its current form and the name `` Innovations for Successful Societies '' in January 2008 .
Granite Bay High School was founded in 1996 and was named a National Blue Ribbon School by the United States Secretary of Education in 2002 and a California Distinguished School in 2007 .
Founded in 2001 and launched in 2003 , Luggage Free was created in response to new federal regulations requiring all bags to be thoroughly inspected at airports and mounting customer dissatisfaction with commercial airline baggage handling .
The village of Fevralskoye ( Russian : Февра́льское ) was founded in February 1896 by settlers from Central Russia ; the name was derived from the Russian word `` февраль '' ( fevral ) , meaning `` February '' .
Curl Up and Die , formed in late 1998 , was a metalcore band from Las Vegas , Nevada .
Telangana University is a public university located at Dichpally in Nizamabad , Telangana , India , established in 2006 by the government of United Andhra Pradesh .
FleetBoston Financial was a Boston , Massachusetts -- based bank created in 1999 by the merger of Fleet Financial Group and BankBoston .
Gabriel Entertainment ( part of Gabriel Group ) is a video game developer based in Indianapolis , Indiana , USA , and was founded in 1999 as Gabriel Interactive by Michael Root ( president ) .
The Webster was co - founded in 2009 by Laure Hériard - Dubreuil who serves as the company 's CEO .
The English Electric Company Limited was a British industrial manufacturer formed after the armistice of World War I at the end of 1918 .
The first Tribal Gathering took place Friday 30 April 1993 at Lower Pertwood Farm , Warminster , Wiltshire , England .
The London Missionary Society was a non - denominational missionary society formed in England in 1795 by evangelical Anglicans and Nonconformists , largely Congregationalist in outlook , with missions in the islands of the South Pacific and Africa .
Faasos is an Indian `` food on demand '' company that was incorporated in 2011 .
Wikitravel was started in July 2003 by Evan Prodromou and Michele Ann Jenkins , partly inspired by Wikipedia .
WPromote was founded in 2001 when Wpromote CEO and founder Mike Mothner was a ` student at Dartmouth College .
The Advanced Learning and Research Institute ( ALaRI ) , Faculty of Informatics , was established in 1999 at the University of Lugano ( Università della Svizzera italiana , USI ) with the mission of promoting research and education in embedded systems .
The 16th Alpini Regiment ( Italian : 16 ° Reggimento Alpini ) was a short lived ( 1991 - 2004 ) light Infantry training regiment of the Italian Army , specializing in Mountain Combat .
The following individuals have served as Bishops of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Synod since its inception in 1988 with the formation of the ELCA :
Amoi was established in 1997 , with the original name of Amoisonic .
The Alpha chapter of the Sisterhood of Zeta Omega Eta was started at Trinity College in 2003 by then Sophomore Meghan Boone as part of a project for Tutorial College .
PikeView High School was established in 1994 after the consolidation of Athens , Lashmeet / Matoaka , Oakvale , and Spanishburg High Schools .
The Philippine Science Consortium ( PSC ) , formerly Luzon Science Consortium , was organized by the founding member institutions namely Central Luzon State University ( CLSU ) , Cagayan State University ( CSU ) , and Isabela State University ( ISU ) , known as CLSU - CSU - ISU Science Consortium , on September 17 , 1982 .
Formed in 2003 from a Receivership , PlateSpin refocused its product line and rapidly grew from $ 0 to $ 25 M in five years .
Here Comes the Kraken is a Mexican deathcore band from Aguascalientes , Ags . , Mexico , formed in 2007 .
Thomas Jefferson Slave Apartments was a band from Columbus , Ohio active from 1989 to 2000 .
Located in a former power plant in the Wascana Centre , the Saskatchewan Science Centre was officially opened in April 1989 as the Powerhouse of Discovery .
In 2005 , Pangea3 opened its first office in Mumbai with 35 employees .
History- The Hobart Private Hospital was established in 1999 following the Government of Tasmania 's decision to privatise the Queen Alexandria maternity wing attached to the Royal Hobart Hospital .
Fanshawe Pioneer Village is an open - air museum established in 1959 and located in the Fanshawe Conservation Area in London , Ontario .
Butterz began as a blog in 2007 , run by Elijah and Skilliam .
Crazy Lixx is a Swedish glam metal band , formed in Malmö , Scania in 2002 .
WVBT began operation on March 22 , 1993 with Home Shopping Network programming along with infomercials and religious shows .
Marconi Communications , the former telecommunications arm of the General Electric Company plc ( GEC ) , was founded in August 1998 through the amalgamation of GEC Plessey Telecommunications ( GPT ) with other GEC subsidiaries :
JetMagic was an Irish airline that operated between 2003 and 2004 .
Later known as Radio Trois in the late 70 's and Musique 3 in October 1994 , the channel 's present branding , Musiq'3 , was adopted in March 2004 as part of the overall restructuring of RTBF 's radio services which took place in that year .
BodyVox is a dance company based in Portland , Oregon , United States , and was formed in 1997 on commission from the Portland Opera .
Fernandoz is a Swedish dansband formed in 1986 in Vitsand , near Torsby .
The original Juan Aurich club was founded in 1922 , this incarnation however was founded in 2005 ; they play in the Torneo Descentralizado where they have been playing since attaining promotion when they won the 2007 Copa Perú .
The Leicester International Short Film Festival began with humble beginnings back in 1996 using the name , `` Seconds Out '' .
I Fight Dragons was formed in 2008 , with five members all hailing from Chicago .
The Société des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée was founded in 1853 by Philip Taylor and subsequently incorporated in 1856 in the newly established joint stock company Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée founded by Armand Béhic .
Eletrobras was established in 1962 during João Goulart 's presidency .
The Communist Party of the Galician People ( Galician : Partido Comunista do Pobo Galego , PCPG ) is a Galician political organization with a communist and independentist ideology founded in 1984 .
Umbrello Records Limited launched in 2005 at the Cafe Royal in London .
The Dukes of September is an American supergroup , formed in 2010 featuring Donald Fagen , Michael McDonald and Boz Scaggs .
The World Steel Association was founded as the International Iron and Steel Institute ( IISI ) in Brussels , Belgium on 19 October 1967 .
The Democratic National Salvation Front ( in Romanian , Frontul Democrat al Salvării Nationale , FDSN ) was a Romanian political party formed by then - President Ion Iliescu and his supporters 7 April 1992 .
After standing vacant for four years , the Istanbul 4th Vakıf Han was leased to the company Gap - San Eserler for a lease term of 25 years and monthly payment of 44,000 ( approx . US$ 29,350 as of August 2006 ) for redevelopment and conversion into a five - star hotel .
Dave Reeves started Hiwatt and Hylight Electronics in 1966 .
! ! ! is a dance - punk band that formed in Sacramento , California , in 1996 by lead singer Nic Offer .
KPTV signed on the air on September 20 , 1952 , as Oregon 's first television station .
Hurtan Desarrollos S.L. is a Spanish Automobile manufacturer , started in 1991 by Juan Hurtado González .
The Gramin Bank of Aryavart ( Hindi : ग्रामीण बैंक ऑफ आर्यावर्त ) ( Urdu : اریارت گرامین بنک‎ ) ( GBA ) is a Regional Rural Bank ( RRB ) in Uttar Pradesh established in 2013 .
The NGO Santé Diabète was created in 2001 , by Stephane Besançon current CEO of the organization .
The Philadelphia Fury are an American soccer team that competes the American Soccer League ( ASL ) after being purchased by former MLS Assistant Coach and ASL CEO , Matt Driver in February 2014 .
Lawton Chiles High School was established in 1999 and is the newest public high school in the Leon County school district .
Antinea Airlines was a passenger and cargo airline based in Algiers Houari Boumedienne Airport , Algeria that was founded in June 1999 .
The Nikon D3 is a 12.0-megapixel professional - grade full frame ( 35 mm ) digital single lens reflex camera ( DSLR ) announced by the Nikon Corporation on 23 August 2007 along with the Nikon D300 DX format camera .
The University of Queensland Debating Society was officially established in 1960 ; however debating has been present at the University of Queensland since its formation in 1909 .
Founded in 1994 , CinnaGen currently manufactures more than 42 products and distributes more than 120 different laboratory diagnostic reagents for in vitro use .
The Stoom Stichting Nederland ( SSN ) is a railway museum in Rotterdam , Netherlands , founded in 1976 .
Boston Pizza began in Edmonton , Alberta , on August 12 , 1964 , when a Greek immigrant , Gus Agioritis , opened Boston Pizza and Spaghetti House .
QuietMan , founded in 1995 by award - winning Creative Director Johnnie Semerad , is a creative collective specializing in visual effects for the advertising and entertainment industries .
Sophia Academy was founded in 1999 with 11 students by Maria Corrigan .
The Socialist Republican Union ( French : Union socialiste républicaine , USR ) was a political party in France founded in 1935 during the late Third Republic which united the right - wing of the French Section of the Workers ' International .
The National Scenic Area was established by Public Law 100 - 499 , known as the `` Winding Stair Mountain National Recreation Area and Wilderness Area Act '' , designating about 400 acres ( 160 ha ) as the Beech Creek Botanical Area in 1988 , and was expanded and designated Beech Creek National Scenic Area in 2007 .
Lasan ( Hindi : लसन ) is an award - winning Indian restaurant located in St Paul 's Square , Jewellery Quarter , Birmingham , England , and was co - founded by Aktar Islam and Jabbar Khan in 2002 .
In 1998 , Crooked Lettaz signed to independent label , Penalty Recordings .
The China Council for the Promotion of International Trade ( CCPIT simplified Chinese : 中国国际贸易促进委员会 ; traditional Chinese : 中國國際貿易促進委員會 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Guójì Màoyì Cùjìn Wěiyuánhuì ) is a trade body of the Chinese government founded in 1952 .
In 1986 , the company opened its first large - scale grocery store in Moncton , New Brunswick , using the name The Real Atlantic Superstore .
The Households Party ( Icelandic : Flokkur Heimilanna ) is a union of eight smaller right - wing parties , formed to participate in the 2013 parliamentary election .
Van Diemen was founded in 1973 by Ross Ambrose and Ralph Firman Sr . , whose children Marcos Ambrose , Ralph Firman Jr. and Natasha Firman have since gone on to have successful racing careers .
The Religious Technology Center ( RTC ) is a California non - profit corporation that was founded in 1982 by the Church of Scientology to control and oversee the use of all of the trademarks , symbols and texts of Scientology and Dianetics .
Namgar Lhasaranova performed solo or with modern groups at local and international venues since 1980 in a variety of genres including traditional songs , jazz and pop . It was in 2001 in Moscow that she and Evgeny Zolotarev ( also spelled Zolotaryov ) created a permanent group inviting Mongolian musicians Kh .
Finally in 1991 , the realization of yet another dream came to pass when Karen and her sister , Susan , with Karen 's husband Rickey , organized the musical entourage of Karen Peck and New River .
Turbulence Records debut release was the 2005 club hit by Paradise .
The Roland Robinson Literary Award was created in 1992 in memory of the Australian poet , Roland Robinson .
The Lisbon Christmas tree is an Artificial Christmas tree erected annually in Lisbon , Portugal since 2004 .
Lulz Security , commonly abbreviated as LulzSec , was a black hat computer hacking group that claimed responsibility for several high profile attacks , including the compromise of user accounts from Sony Pictures in 2011 .
Caspian Telecom LLC is an Azerbaijan - based telecommunications company founded in 1997 .
The Moselle Open ( Open de Moselle from 2003 to 2010 ) is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts .
Nidderau was created in the merger of the municipality of Heldenbergen with the town of Windecken on January 1 , 1970 .
Mainsoft is a software company , founded in 1993 , that develops interoperability software products for Microsoft Windows and Linux / Unix platforms .
The Antarctic Treaty Secretariat is an organization created in 2003 by the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting ( ATCM ) for the management of several ATCM tasks such as the support of the annual meeting of signatory countries of the Antarctic Treaty , and the publication of the ATCM annual report .
Tor Line begun passenger operations in 1966 and freight operations in 1969 .
Avalanch is a Spanish heavy/ progressive metal band formed in Asturias in 1993 .
In 1972 Günther Fielmann established an optometry shop in Cuxhaven .
Formed in 2001 by AFI Award - winning producer and director Ian Darling , Shark Island Productions creates extensive education , outreach and community engagement campaigns with its films .
In 1985 , MGH Institute of Health Professions was re - constituted as a separate corporation from Massachusetts General Hospital .
Eurojet Romania SRL was established in 2004 when The Rompetrol Group decided to create its own Aviation Division .
Jersey Live Music Festival ( alternatively Jersey Live ) is a music festival held annually at The Royal Jersey Showground in the parish of Trinity , Jersey since 2004 .
Information and Communications University ( ICU ) , established in 1998 , was a Korean university focused primarily on research and engineering in the field of information technology .
The Society of the Muslim Brothers ( Arabic : جماعة الإخوان المسلمين‎ ) , shortened to the Muslim Brotherhood ( الإخوان المسلمون al - Ikhwān al - Muslimūn ) , is a transnational Sunni Islamist organization founded in Egypt by Islamic scholar and schoolteacher Hassan al - Banna in 1928 .
Completed in 2005 , Town Center Park is also home to Wilsonville 's first interactive water feature .
In 1997 , Jacek Kozlowski laid the groundwork for Artoffact Records .
The Vaishnava Center for Enlightenment ( founded 1994 ) is an organization based in East Lansing , Michigan .
Vidyasagar Mahavidyalaya , established in 1998 , is an undergraduate college in Masat of Hooghly district , West Bengal , India .
Created in 1989 by Philip Israilevich and Geoffrey J.D. Hewings , the Regional Economics Applications Laboratory ( REAL ) at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign started as a cooperative venture between the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and the University of Illinois .
Breakfast with Amy was an Alternative Christian rock band that formed in 1986 in La Habra , California at the La Habra Four - Square church .
The Independence Institute was founded in 1985 by John Andrews , a former Republican state legislator from Colorado .
Papa Wheelie is a punk rock / heavy metal supergroup formed in 1996 by former Metallica bassist Jason Newsted .
The Kenya Human Rights Commission ( KHRC ) is a non - government organisation founded in 1992 and registered in 1994 .
SA First was a South Australian political party formed in 1999 by dissident Labor Member of Parliament Terry Cameron .
Stockholm Records is a Swedish subsidiary of Universal Music Group , founded in 1992 , and known for signing musicians such as Army of Lovers and E - Type .
Gator 's Dockside is a Florida - themed restaurant , started by brothers Tony and Paul Cipparone and friend John Foerst in May 1991 .
Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers ( commonly known as the AA ) was an American labor union formed in 1876 to represent iron and steel workers .
CPU Research Center ( officially , Central Philippine University Research Center or University Research Center ) , is one of the research centers of Central Philippine University and an integral part of the University 's Outreach Center , though it was created in June 1998 as a separate center .
Arena Racing Company , also called ARC Racing and Leisure Group is a UK private company , created in 2012 by the merger of Arena Leisure and Northern Racing .
Springman Records is an independent record label founded in 1998 by Avi Ehrlich that was run out of his parent 's garage in Cupertino , California until late 2005 , when Ehrlich moved the label to Sacramento .
The Great March for Climate Action ( also known as the Climate March ) was launched on March 1 , 2013 by former Iowa lawmaker Ed Fallon , inspired after meeting with Bill McKibben .
The Pentax K-3 II is a flagship APS - C DSLR camera announced by Ricoh on April 22 , 2015 .
The Ernies were formed in 1994 by four students of Virginia Commonwealth University :
Galneryus is a Japanese power metal band , formed in Osaka in 2001 by guitarist Syu and vocalist Yama - B. Originally the only official members , the two utilized several support musicians until bassist Tsui , keyboardist Yuhki , and drummer Jun - ichi officially joined for the release of their debut album in 2003 .
Siam Shade ( stylized as SIAM SHADE ) is a five - piece Japanese rock band , formed in Tokyo in 1991 .
Halla University is a private Korean University created in 1995 and located in Wonju .
Opera Gold was formed in 2004 by classical singing teacher Nan Christie , who directs and produces with student specialists ( from Drama or Art ) .
In 1991 , the SEO merged with the PLM Open , with the resultant tournament being called the Scandinavian Masters .
The Ottawa District Badminton Association came into being Friday January 10 , 1930 when a meeting of 11 of the regional clubs met to form a governing body to control local badminton affairs .
J. Walter Thompson traces its origins to the Carlton & Smith agency , which opened its doors in 1864 , one of the first known advertising agencies in the United States .
The Empire Shall Fall is a band formed by Jesse Leach with friends in 2008 .
Geologicheskaya ( Russian : Геологическая ) is a station of the Yekaterinburg Metro which was opened on 30 December 2002 .
Mega City Four were formed in 1987 and the band 's career started with performing gigs around their local town of Farnborough before making their vinyl debut in September 1987 with `` Miles Apart''/``Running In Darkness '' .
The Gold Medal of Military Valour ( Italian : Medaglia d'oro al Valore Militare ) is an Italian medal established on 21 May 1793 by King Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia `` ....
Lankenau Small Media Network , who owned WDFM - FM 98.1 , established WDFM - LP in 1992 on channel 19 , as W19BN .
The Jersey Surf Drum and Bugle Corps was started in the winter of 1990 in Camden County , New Jersey by a group of area school band directors , led by Bob Jacobs , who wanted more performance opportunities for their students than halftime shows during football season .
PARC Management was formed in 2002 to selectively acquire and operate entertainment facilities and parks ; it was organized around the operating philosophy and business model initially established by the management team during the development of Alfa SmartParks , Inc. , which became the tenth largest theme and water park operator in the world .
The origins of ZB Bank Limited can be traced back to 1951 .
The first World Marathon Challenge was held in 2015 , beginning in Antarctica on January 17 , 2015 , and ending in Sydney .
Girl Monstar were an all female Australian rock band which formed 1988 with the line - up of Damian Child on bass guitar ;
The project behind SmartGov.co was started by Nathan Boublil , Elliott Verreault and Agastya Muthanna at the University of Cambridge in November 2012 .
Anime Evolution was originally known as Anime Showcase , and was held in 1998 by the SFU ARC club .
St. Clair Entertainment Group was founded in 1985 as a distributor of music special products in Canada .
Provisions Library was founded in 2001 as a project of the GAEA Foundation .
L'Arc - en - Ciel ( `` The Rainbow '' in French , stylized as L'Arc ~ en ~ Ciel ) is a Japanese rock band , founded in Osaka in 1991 .
The Bianca Story is a Swiss indiepop quintet , formed in 2006 in Basel .
SAE India was formed in India in 1994 - 95 with Dr. Pawan Goenka , appointed as advisor for India .
The Rendez - vous du cinéma québécois is a festival created in 1982 to celebrate the cinematographic production of Quebec , Canada .
While subsequent conferences were organized on a regular basis the official formation of the Hungarian Operations Research Society ( HORS ) dates to 1991 .
The Emirates Literature Foundation was established in 2013 by royal decree issued by His Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum , Vice - President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and Ruler of Dubai , to promote literacy and foster an encouraging environment for literature enthusiasts .
Following British reoccupation in 1898 , Kurdufan was added to the number of provinces of the Sudan .
Two Old Men Eating Soup ( Spanish : Dos viejos comiendo sopa ) or The Witchy Brew ( Spanish : Dos Brunjas ) one of the so - called Black Paintings created by Francisco Goya between 1819 - -23 .
The Uhrenmuseum zum Rösli is a small horological museum in Zurich , Switzerland that was founded in 2006 .
Giant Center replaced the Hersheypark Arena as the Bears ' home venue in 2002 .
Mkhitar Sebastatsi Educational Complex is public school in Malatia - Sebastia District of Yerevan , Armenia , founded in 1989 by the Ministry of Education of the Armenian SSR , and based on the educational plan initiated by Ashot Bleyan .
Synon Ltd was founded in London in 1984 by Simon Williams ( CEO ) , Melinda Horton ( COO ) and Nick Knowles ( CTO ) with the objective of developing an application generator for the IBM System/38 platform .
The Pacific Science Center is a science museum located in Seattle , Washington and designed by Minoru Yamasaki for the 1962 World 's Fair in Seattle .
Four Year Strong is an American pop punk / melodic hardcore band from Worcester , Massachusetts , formed in 2001 .
The John Wilson Orchestra was formed by British orchestral conductor John Wilson in 1994 .
The band formed in 1992 after Zumpano and Ledwidge dissolved their band ' Glee ' , which they felt was `` artistically impure '' despite beginning to enjoy some success .
The Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center ( FHCC ) , opened Oct. 1 , 2010 , and is the United States ' first federal health care center that partners the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense into a single , fully integrated federal health care facility .
Thohoyandou became the capital of Venda when Venda was declared a republic in 1979 , and Thovhele ´ Mphephu became the President of the Republic of Venda .
The Big Apple Anime Fest ( BAAF ) was an anime convention which was held annually between 2001 and 2003 and supported by a consortium of anime and manga companies .
The KIIT School of Computer Application , established in 1997 , focuses on contemporary and cutting - edge computer applications .
Kangaride is a private Canadian company founded in 2006 that provides a ridesharing platform for posting and booking long - distance rides in North America .
VoiceObjects was founded in 2001 by Karl - Heinz Land and a team of six co - founders ( Georg Arens , Michael Codini , Jörg Schulz , Christoph Sieberz , Georg R. Steimel and Tiemo Winterkamp ) as OneBridge software just outside downtown Cologne , Germany .
CEBRA was founded in Århus in 2001 by the architects Mikkel Frost , Carsten Primdahl and Kolja Nielsen .
The painting represents a late Pre - Raphaelitism , when life was untarnished by World War I. Stitching the Standard is probably listed as The Device by Leighton 's biographer Alfred Yockney among the pictures from 1911 .
The Seattle Majestics also won the IWFL 's Northwest Division title six times , in 2003 - 2005 and again from 2007 - 2009 .
Nex Aviation was a charter airline , based in Galway , Ireland , which began operations on 1 July 2007 , using two former Flightline BAe 146 - 200 .
The Wonder Stuff were formed on 19 March 1986 .
Lenny Valentino was a dream pop band from Mysłowice , Poland formed in 1998 .
In 1831 , one of the first forts of the Black Sea Coastal Line was set up at Gelendzhik .
While Pathfinder International was originally incorporated as The Pathfinder Fund in 1957 , their family planning work began in the late 1920s when Pathfinder founder , Clarence Gamble , heir of the Procter & Gamble soap company fortune , supported efforts to introduce contraception to women and couples in the United States and 60 other countries .
The Philippine Greens is a group of activists in the Philippines who formally organized themselves on November 30 , 1996 , with what they called the `` Green worldview '' as their basis of unity .
Aspire TV is an Australian advertorial datacasting channel launched on 21 May 2013 .
Elite Model Look Serbia is an annual fashion modeling contest held by Forma Viva Model Management since 1996 .
Sports Radio 88.9 Brila FM also known as Brila FM is a sports radio station founded on October 1 , 2002 by Larry Izamoje as Nigeria 's first and only sports radio station .
Founded in 1992 , Woman Made Gallery has hosted a total of 322 exhibitions , 174 of which were group shows , 109 solo or invitational shows , 40 Artisan Gallery exhibitions , and eleven of which were off - site shows .
The Dead Texan ( Kranky Records , 2004 )
S.E.N.S. is a Japanese new age instrumental group formed in 1988 , originally with two members .
Founded in 1998 , Woods Charter School is a North Carolina public charter school , serving approximately 500 students from kindergarten through twelfth grade .
The inaugural Fashion Rocks event was held at the Royal Albert Hall on October 15 , 2003 .
Since 1994 , Leave No Trace Center For Outdoor Ethics , a non - profit organization also known as Leave No Trace , exists to educate people about their recreational impact on nature as well as the principles of Leave No Trace to prevent and minimize such impacts .
The Vancouver Police Museum ( formerly Vancouver Police Centennial Museum ) opened to commemorate the centennial of the Vancouver Police Department and the City of Vancouver , British Columbia in 1986 .
Rajiv Gandhi University ( RGU ) ( Hindi : राजीव गांधी विश्वविद्यालय ) earlier known as Arunachal University , established in 1984 , is the oldest university in the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh .
Swindon FM was a Local DAB radio station broadcasting to Swindon between 2003 and 2006 , previously it broadcast as Swindon 107FM for two trial broadcasts in 2001 and 2002 .
Network Computing Devices ( NCD ) was a company founded in 1987 to produce a new class of products now known as a `` thin client '' .
The Cheyenne Mountain Zoo was founded in 1926 by philanthropist Spencer Penrose to house his growing collection of exotic animals .
Collegium 1704 is a Czech early music orchestra and choir founded in 1991 by the Czech conductor , harpsichordist and horn player Václav Luks .
1986 Girls Under Glass were founded by Thomas Lücke ( singer ) , Hauke Harms ( electronics & keyboards ) and Zaphor aka Volker Zacharias ( guitars ) as an offshoot of the gothic rock formation Calling Dead Red Roses .
Viva Machine were a Welsh Rock band who started out in 2003 under the name Ipsofacto before changing their name and reinventing themselves in 2006 under the name Viva Machine , and later in 2008 adding a second guitarist and synth player Justin Hendy .
Václav Havel Prize for Creative Dissent is an award established in 2012 by the New York City - based Human Rights Foundation ( HRF ) .
Softcat is a Marlow - based IT infrastructure provider founded by Peter Kelly in 1993 .
Hunt 's is the name of a brand of preserved tomato products owned by ConAgra Foods , Inc. The company was founded in 1888 , in Sebastopol , California , as the Hunt Bros. Fruit Packing Co. by Joseph and William Hunt .
Hogar 10 was a channel of the Spanish Digital Terrestrial Television and replaced Telehit emissions starting 31 July 2007 at 20:30 pm with the first program `` Hoy cocinas tú '' ( You cook today ) , presented by Eva Arguiñano .
Lili Fatale is a Canadian pop music group from Quebec formed in 1997 .
In November 2007 , Cargoair was established as a General Sales Agent representative of the Belarusian cargo airline Ruby Star , offering to its customers logistics services with Antonov An-12 and Ilyushin Il-76 aircraft .
SPORT.TV2 started its broadcast in 2006 , being the second channel of the SPORT TV brand .
Premier Sports was formed in 2009 by the Irish businessman Michael O'Rourke , a joint CEO and part owner of Setanta Sports and former director of Premium Sports .
FK Panerys Vilnius is a defunct Lithuanian football club from the capital Vilnius , which was founded in 1975 .
Heggbach Abbey also possessed the right to dispense low justice from at least 1429 in Sulmingen and in Baustetten from 1491 .
MK Airlines Ltd. was a cargo airline from Ghana ( registered in the United Kingdom from 2006 onwards , with its headquarters in Hartfield , East Sussex ) , which was operational between 1990 and 2010 , concentrating on freight services to and from Africa .
The Wetaskiwin and District Heritage Museum has been incorporated as a non - profit society since May 1986 .
Founded in 1949 , the Comité Para regards itself as the originator of the modern skeptical movement .
Five O'Clock Charlie was a Canadian pop / rock band that was formed in 2001 in Edmonton .
Harvey Danger began in 1992 with University of Washington classmates Jeff Lin and Aaron Huffman deciding `` it might be fun to start a band . ''
KLA - Tencor was formed in 1997 through the merger of KLA Instruments and Tencor Instruments , two companies in the semiconductor equipment and yield management systems industry .
Disney 's Pop Century Resort is a resort located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista , Florida , opened on December 14 , 2003 .
The Zanussi Company began as the small workshop of Antonio Zanussi in 1916 .
De La Tierra is a Latin American metal supergroup formed in late 2012 by Brazilian guitarist Andreas Kisser ( of Sepultura ) , Argentine singer / guitarist Andrés Giménez ( of A.N.I.M.A.L. ) Argentine Bassist Sr . Flavio ( of Los Fabulosos Cadillacs ) and Cuban , Colombian , Mexican drummer Alex González ( of Maná ) .
Iguana Lovers is an Argentine rock band that formed in 1990 in Buenos Aires , Argentina , by Ariel Soriano ( guitars and vocals ) , Ivan Mirabal ( guitars)and Javier Accossatto ( bass ) .
Colorado Community Church was established in 1993 by Dr. Mark Brewer .
Ultrachronic was formed in 2004 by D. Scott Morris and DB Mack in the makeshift recording studio in D. Scott 's house .
The Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University Kanpur was established in 1966 as Kanpur University when Agra University split into Agra and Kanpur universities .
With the act of 28 May 1970 , the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and the Université libre de Bruxelles officially became two separate legal , administrative and scientific entities .
Asgaroth was a black metal band from Barcelona , Spain formed in 1995 .
Army Group H ( Heeresgruppe H ) was a German army group in the Netherlands and in Nordrhein - Westfalen during World War II . Army Group H ( for Holland ) was activated on November 11 , 1944 in the Netherlands .
The IBM Award was an award given out to National Basketball Association players from 1984 to 2002 .
Accademia Italiana Thailand is fashion and design institute founded in 2006 in Bangkok .
Friends of the Los Angeles River ( FoLAR ) is a 501(c ) 3 non - profit organization founded in California in 1986 , whose mission is to protect and restore the natural and historic heritage of the Los Angeles River and its riparian habitat .
Ivan 's sons , Mate and Frank , had become involved , and they set up the company Montana Wines in 1961 .
They released their debut album XTRMST in 2014 on Steve Aoki 's Dim Mak Records .
The Coopérative de Transport Maritime et Aérien ( CTMA ) is a Canadian transportation company , formed in 1944 to provide maritime and air links to the Magdalen Islands , Quebec .
ABC Records was an American record label , founded in New York City in 1955 as ABC - Paramount Records .
Founded in 1989 , the Galerie Patrick Seguin is an art gallery and exhibition space located in Paris 's La Bastille district .
The Defence Procurement Agency was established on April 1 , 1999 , after the announcement in the Strategic Defence Review of a specialised agency to succeed the MoD Procurement Executive .
In 1999 , Danny Wilson and Ben Lim founded Pixelmetrix Corporation in Singapore as a privately held limited company , recruiting Tom Orlowski and Hideki Takahashi to complete the start - up team .
Antoine Lussier and Sebastien Chaput formed Ion Dissonance during the late summer of 2001 with the intention of creating metal that was more complex and daring than what they have done before .
Solomon Airlines was established in 1962 as a charter airline by Laurie Crowley .
Look TV is a generalist television channel from Romania , launched on February 14 , 2012 .
The Republic of Upper Volta ( French : République de Haute - Volta ) was a landlocked west - African country established on December 11 , 1958 , as a self - governing colony within the French Community .
Eritrean People 's Liberation Front ( EPLF ) , later ( from 1994 ) People 's Front for Democracy and Justice , secessionist movement that successfully fought for the creation of an independent Eritrean nation out of the northernmost province of Ethiopia in 1993 .
Ensemble 96 was founded in 1996 , and had its beginnings in the ( now defunct ) Oslo Philharmonic Chamber Choir .
Ticonderoga Publications is an Australian independent publishing house founded by Russell B. Farr in 1996 and now run by Farr and Liz Grzyb .
Casting Crowns is a contemporary Christian and Christian rock band started in 1999 by youth pastor Mark Hall , who serves as the band 's lead vocalist , as part of a youth group at First Baptist Church in Downtown Daytona Beach , Florida .
LaFace Records was an American record label that operated as a unit of Sony Music Entertainment and was historically a part of Bertelsmann Music Group from 1989 to 2004 .
With Pryor 's help , he recorded and released Reggie and the Full Effect 's first album Greatest Hits 1984 - 1987 in 1998 on Second Nature Recordings .
Kraken Rum was introduced in 2010 .
The Society for Private Musical Performances ( in German , the Verein für musikalische Privataufführungen ) was an organization founded in Vienna in the Autumn of 1918 by Arnold Schoenberg with the intention of making carefully rehearsed and comprehensible performances of newly composed music available to genuinely interested members of the musical public .
Rotting Christ is a Greek extreme metal band formed in 1987 .
Owned and operated as a not - for - profit by the Southern Ohio Copperheads Limited Partners , the team began play during the summer of 2002 .
The Spacey Awards ( also referred to as The Spaceys ) was an annual award presented by the Canadian cable network Space from 2003 - -2007 .
Lye By Mistake were an experimental metal band from St. Louis , Missouri that formed in 2004 .
Trzynasta w Samo Południe , is a Polish rock band formed in 2009 .
The original construction permit for the station was granted on July 1 , 1983 , and the WLKZ call letters were assigned on October 11 ; it took to the air on February 1 , 1985 , and a license to cover was granted on June 4 , 1985 .
It gained independence from South Africa on 21 March 1990 , following the Namibian War of Independence .
The Grammy Award for Best Male Rap Solo Performance was an honor presented to male recording artists at the 45th Grammy Awards in 2003 and the 46th Grammy Awards in 2004 for quality rap solo performances .
Founded in 2009 , Aaltoes has become synonymous to the rapid emergence of startup culture in Finland in 2008 - 2011 .
The Pavel Haas Quartet is a Czech string quartet which was founded in 2002 .
Founded as an architecture school in 1956 , the school grew into an interdisciplinary and technological research institution , University of America emphasizes quality over size , concentrating on a core of academic disciplines with a strong reputation in engineering and applied sciences .
Vodafone Faroe Islands is a Faroese telecommunications company , which started in October 2000 .
Hatchet Job of the Year is a British journalism award given annually since 2012 to `` the writer of the angriest , funniest , most trenchant book review of the past twelve months '' .
The Red Elvises were founded in 1995 by Igor Yuzov and Oleg Bernov , two Russians living in Los Angeles , California .
Squint Entertainment was a record label owned by Word Entertainment , started in 1997 and run by musician and songwriter Steve Taylor .
First Boston Corporation was a New York - based , bulge bracket , investment bank , founded in 1932 and acquired by Credit Suisse in 1990 .
Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band from Palm Desert , California , United States , formed in 1996 .
FC Elista was founded in 2005 following the dissolution of its predecessor , FC Uralan Elista .
Ottakar 's was a chain of bookshops in the United Kingdom founded in 1987 by James Heneage .
Tomilino was officially founded in 1894 by merchant Tomilin as a suburban settlement where he built his own house .
Harford Hackerspace was established in January 2009 to fill the gap of a hackerspace in the Baltimore area .
The Lithuanian National Symphony Orchestra or LNSO ( Lietuvos nacionalinis simfoninis orkestras , LNSO ) is one of Lithuania 's two national orchestras , and was founded in 1940 .
Seven Generations Education Institute ( SGEI ) is an Aboriginal - owned and controlled post - secondary institution co - founded by the ten bands in the Rainy Lake Tribal area in 1985 .
The Huntington Hornets were a professional ice hockey team that played in Huntington , West Virginia as a member of the International Hockey League during the 1956 - -57 season .
The Lavender Menace was an informal group of lesbian radical feminists formed to protest the exclusion of lesbians and lesbian issues from the feminist movement at the Second Congress to Unite Women in New York City on May 1 , 1970 .
The German and Austrian Alpine Club ( German : Deutscher und Österreichischer Alpenverein ) ( DuÖAV or DÖAV ) was a merger of the German , Austrian and Bohemian branches of the Alpine Club that existed from 1873 to 1938 .
Founding Engine Room Recordings was started by Mark B. Christensen and Peter Block in 2005 .
The Planta Europa Network was established in 1995 as a result of a conference discussing pan - European cooperation for plant conservation .
Founded in 1934 as the British Committee for Relations with Other Countries , and granted a royal charter by King George VI in 1940 , the British Council was inspired by Sir Reginald ( `` Rex '' ) Leeper 's recognition of the importance of `` cultural propaganda '' in promoting British interests .
The Merah Putih Foundation ( YMP -- Yayasan Merah Putih ) is a non - governmental , non - profit organization first established on December 14 , 1989 in Palu , Central Sulawesi , Indonesia .
In the first territory election in 1989 , three members of the No Self - Government Party were elected .
Epyon started in 2006 based on advances of nanotechnology in batteries .
FSpace Publications is a role - playing game publisher founded in 1991 under a different trading name ( Future Systems ) until it rebranded in 1994 .
The BUPA Great Capital Run is a 10-kilometre ( 6 mi ) run through the paths of Hyde Park , London which was established in 2007 .
It went public in 1947 and in 1964 acquired an engineering business in Dorset known as Meggitt .
Brutal Truth was an American grindcore band from Rochester , New York , formed by ex - Anthrax , Nuclear Assault , and Stormtroopers of Death bass guitarist Dan Lilker in 1990 .
The Sons of Divine Providence ( FDP ; Figli della Divina Provvidenza ) , or the Orionine Fathers , is a Roman Catholic religious institute founded in 1893 by Luigi Orione ( 1872 - -1940 ) in Turin , Italy .
It was renamed the Holy Cross College of Sasa , in 2010 , when it began offering college courses .
Tapulous was founded in February 2008 with the specific intention of developing software applications for the iOS platform .
The Principality of Leyen was a Napoleonic German state which existed 1806 - -14 in Hohengeroldseck , in the west of modern Baden - Württemberg .
The Jazz Winnipeg Festival is a major Canadian jazz festival started in 1990 in Winnipeg .
Renault Argentina was officially established in 1975 , but the French company had a long presence in Argentina before that .
Launched by Tangient LLC in March 2005 , Wikispaces was purchased by TSL Education in March 2014 .
Tabu Recordings is an independent Norwegian record label founded in 2003 in Oslo .
Tirnavia is a mixed choir from Slovakia founded in 1988 , on the occasion of the 750th anniversary of Trnava being granted free royal town privileges .
Since its launch in 2007 , Causecast has partnered with a broad range of businesses , including clients in technology , financial services , and manufacturing .
On 5 May 2007 , the National Serbian Movement hosted a Serbian Assembly in the Lazarica Church in Kruševac where it swore in `` the Saint Tsar Lazar Guard vowed to free Kosovo and Metohija . ''
Theater of the Sea , established in 1946 , is a marine mammal park located in the Village of Islamorada , Florida , United States .
It 's a Beautiful Day is an American band formed in San Francisco , California , in 1967 , featuring vocalist Pattie Santos along with violinist David LaFlamme and his wife , Linda LaFlamme , on keyboards .
Spafax was founded in London in 1985 and is now part of Sir Martin Sorrell 's WPP Group PLC , in the tenthavenue division .
The area was originally established as a bird park in the 1980s , but was bought by Kula Eco Park Management in January 1997 .
Netspace started in the 1992 offering dial - up internet access , as was the standard at the time .
The company was launched on April 1 , 2011 by Aditya Chopra , key member of Yash Raj Films who revealed that their company would float a new film studio , Y - Films , which would concentrate on introducing fresh talent .
The Nice Ones formed in Northwestern Connecticut in 2011 , merging two songwriting partnerships : vocalist / guitarist Patrick Surdam and drummer Tyler Beaujon , both of North Canaan , Connecticut , and guitarist / vocalist / keyboardist Sam McGarrity and bassist Dillon Morrison Halas , of Lakeville , Connecticut and Kent , Connecticut respectively .
Nightmare and the Cat is a five - piece British - American indie rock band that formed in 2010 .
Yellow Earth Theatre is an internationally touring theatre company based in London and established in 1995 to raise the profile of British East Asian theatre .
Founded in 1845 as the Glasgow Government School of Design , it changed its name to The Glasgow School of Art in 1853 .
Laurie Records was a record label started in 1958 by brothers Robert and Gene Schwartz , and Allan I. Sussel .
Rocio Briseno Melissa Chavez Mary Garza Maria Pando Christella Rivera Carline Soto Theresa Reyes Doris Mendiola Suzanna Cisneros Dahlia Cavazos Due to the hard work and effort of the Founders and the Charter members , Kappa Delta Chi was recognized as an official organization at Texas Tech University on April 6 , 1987 .
Today 's La Caixa is the result of the July 27 , 1990 merger between the Caja de Pensiones para la Vejez y de Ahorros de Cataluña y Baleares , founded in 1904 , and the Caja de Ahorros y Monte de Piedad de Barcelona , founded in 1844 .
The German Society for Racial Hygiene ( German : Deutsche Gesellschaft für Rassenhygiene ) was a German eugenic organization founded on 22 June 1905 by the physician Alfred Ploetz in Berlin .
Ten years after its foundation in 1998 by Guy Boucher , Sarbakan had delivered over 600 games , mostly web - based , and started shifting its focus from flash game development to console digital download gaming .
American Plus Bank ( Chinese : 美富銀行 ) , a Chinese American community bank headquartered in Arcadia , California , was founded on August 8 , 2007 .
In 1933 the Jerez Denominación de Origen was the first Spanish denominación to be officially recognised in this way , officially named D.O. Jerez - Xeres - Sherry and sharing the same governing council as D.O. Manzanilla Sanlúcar de Barrameda .
The company was founded as a typewriter manufacturer by Camillo Olivetti in 1908 in Ivrea , Italy .
Cats on Trees is a French musical duo formed in Toulouse , France in 2007 by Nina Goern ( on vocals and piano ) and Yohan Hennequin ( rhythms ) .
First Community Bank was established in 2007 according to Sharia law by private Muslim investors in Kuwait , Kenya and Tanzania .
Steer Clear were a pop punk five piece band from Belfast , Northern Ireland that played gigs from 2005 to 2009 .
School of Art , Game and Animation ( Saga ) is a Brazilian school of computer graphics created in 2003 focused on digital art , computer graphics with courses for beginners , complete course in digital animation , 3D game development , market development model electronics and techniques of creating art for games .
On December 28 , 1915 , in Columbus , Ohio at the meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , a group of about 50 people voted to form the Ecological Society of America , adopted a constitution , and set the next meeting .
These Arms Are Snakes was an American post - hardcore band that formed in 2002 and featured former members of Botch and Kill Sadie .
The Airbus LPGA Classic was a women 's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour , played in Mobile , Alabama from 2008 to 2014 .
The 2006 Asian Excellence Awards featured the Rémy Martin X.O. Honors , which included an award to AIDS researcher Dr. David Ho for the Inspiration Honor and to writer / director Quentin Tarantino for the Bridge Honor .
The Hmar People 's Convention ( HPC ) was established as a political party in 1986 .
It was established on December 28 , 2002 from the merger of Beijing Capital Airport Holding Company , Beijing Capital International Airport Company Ltd. , Tianjin Binhai International Airport , China Airport Construction Corporation , Jinfei Economic Development Company Ltd. and Civil Aviation Engineering Consulting Company of China .
Red Wanting Blue ( also known as RWB ) is a rock and roll band led by Scott Terry that formed in Athens , Ohio in 1996 .
Established as 917th Operations Group , and activated in the Reserve , on 1 August 1992 Re - designated : 917th Fighter Group , 13 January 2011 Inactivated 26 September 2013
The Miss Earth Trinidad and Tobago is a beauty pageant has been held annually since 2011 .
They formed Jon and Roy , and began performing around Victoria and Vancouver in 2003 .
DAQRI ( or Daqri ) is an American augmented reality company founded in 2010 and headquartered in Los Angeles , CA .
Steigenberger Hotels is a German luxury hotel company founded by Albert Steigenberger in 1930 .
Aviation Composite Technology ( ACT ) is an aircraft manufacturer formed in the Philippines in 1990 .
Glacier Peak High School is a high school at the south end of the Snohomish School District , established in 2008 .
Greenleaf Book Group is an independent book publisher and distributor , which was established by Clint Greenleaf in 1997 .
Air Stord A / S was an airline which operated between 1990 and 1999 .
Established in 1996 as `` WAJS '' , this station was assigned the call sign `` WAQB '' by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) on June 18 , 2001 .
ÇOMÜ Library was founded in 1992 in the Anafartalar Campus as the main library of the University .
Kenya obtained independence in December 1963 .
Bounce Streetdance Company is a dance company from Sweden that started 1997 .
ADAC Formel Masters was an ADAC sanctioned open wheel racing series based in Germany , held annually from 2008 to 2014 .
Savvis was founded in November 1995 under the name DiamondNet by CTO / COO Timothy Munro Roberts and CEO Andrew Gladney .
Betraying the Martyrs is a French deathcore band from Paris , formed in 2008 .
AKRAK ( full name : Anomaalsete Keskkonnanähtuste Registreerimise ja Analüüsi Komisjon ) was a commission , set up by Igor Volke in 1986 collecting reports of anomalous environmental phenomena , particularly UFO reports , throughout Estonia .
Hello , Blue Roses ' first album , The Portrait Is Finished and I Have Failed to Capture Your Beauty ... was released on 22 January 2008 by Locust Music .
No Use for a Name ( sometimes abbreviated NUFAN or No Use ) was a punk rock band from San Jose , California , United States formed in 1987 by Chris Dodge ( guitar ) , Steve Papoutsis ( bass ) , Rory Koff ( drums ) and John Meyer ( vocals ) .
Boompa Records is a Canadian independent record label , founded in 2003 and based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The Artists Against 419 site was set up in October 2003 and began tackling fraudulent websites in an artistic way : by hotlinking their images to drain their small bandwidth allowance over their monthly limit .
Maseno University is a university based in Maseno , near Kisumu , in Kenya and was founded in 1991 .
Reyna Films was a Filipino film production company managed by Armida Siguion - Reyna and her son Carlitos Siguion - Reyna in 1991 .
It was formed by an amalgamation of the Coleraine Boys ' Secondary school and Coleraine Girls ' Secondary School and became Coleraine College in September 2001 .
After 13 years , Zdravković , with the support of Riblja Čorba 's frontman Bora Đorđević , decided to form a new band and with vocalist Zoran `` Lotke '' Lalović formed Kraljevski Apartman in 1995 .
Charles the Great founded the Diocese of Osnabrück in 780 .
The Grand Cote National Wildlife Refuge ( French : Réserve Naturelle Faunique Nationale du Grand- Côte ) was established in 1989 as part of the North American Waterfowl Management Plan .
The 3tards were a Canadian hardcore punk rock band that was formed in Brampton , Ontario , in 2001 .
The Grammy Award for Best Norteño Album was an honor presented to recording artists at the 51st , 52nd and 53rd Grammy Awards ( 2009 - -2011 ) for quality norteño music albums .
Durham Wildlife Trust , founded in 1971 , is a registered charity which aims to protect wildlife and promote nature conservation in parts of County Durham and Tyne and Wear , England .
The Away Days is a Turkish dream pop band formed in Istanbul in 2012 .
Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television , or C - SET , was a regional sports network in the United States that was in operation from October 2004 until June 2005 .
WQTV - LP launched on January 1 , 1988 as W46BE and was known on - air as `` TV 46 '' .
The brand `` KiM '' was trademarked in 1961 by Odense Marcipanfabrik ( a marzipan factory ) in Denmark , but as a German cigarette brand of this name already existed , the name was changed to `` KiMs '' in 1965 .
Woman III is one of a series of six paintings by de Kooning done between 1951 and 1953 in which the central theme was a woman .
The Great American Bagel Bakery is a privately owned restaurant franchise started in 1987 .
Asteroid Day was officially launched on December 3 , 2014 .
Group B Strep Support was formed in 1996 , after the founders ' son had a group B Strep infection .
Super Junior - M , often referred to as SJ - M , is a Chinese - South Korean boy band formed in 2008 by South Korea 's S.M. Entertainment .
WFIE - DT2 was launched in Fall 2005 as an affiliate of the NBC Weather Plus service , a 24-hour weather channel that provided regional and national weather information forecasts in a continuous basis , along with cut - ins of local weather forecasts from WFIE 's weather forecasting team .
The Deutsche Bundesbahn or DB ( German Federal Railway ) was formed as the state railway of the newly established Federal Republic of Germany ( FRG ) on 7 September 1949 as a successor of the Deutsche Reichsbahn - Gesellschaft ( DRG ) .
STORIS , Inc. was originally founded in 1989 by Ira Bakst and Donald J. Surdoval .
Indian School of International Studies ( Hindi : इंडियन स्कूल ऑफ इंटरनेशनल स्टडीज ) was an academic institution created in 1955 which merged with the Jawaharlal Nehru University in 1970 and was renamed as the School of International Studies , JNU .
Rozwell Kid began in 2011 with the release of an LP titled The Rozwell Kid LP .
The Fooo Conspiracy is a Swedish pop boyband established in October 2013 and made up of Oscar Enestad , Oscar Molander , Omar Rudberg and Felix Sandman .
Trickstar Games is a computer game developer founded in 2009 , developing content for Nintendo and Sony - based platforms as well as Microsoft desktop - based computers .
Gojra city was established in 1896 , when the colonisation of Faisalabad began .
The Israel Democracy Institute ( IDI , Hebrew : המכון הישראלי לדמוקרטיה‎ ) , established in 1991 , is an independent , nonpartisan , nonprofit think tank in Jerusalem , Israel .
Asthmatic Kitty is an American independent record label founded in 1999 by a community of musicians from Holland , Michigan led by musician Sufjan Stevens and his stepfather Lowell Brams .
The band was officially founded as Mallavoodoo in 1996 in Recife , Pernambuco , when Perrelli joined the trio .
The Karachi International Film Festival , simply known as the Kara Film Festival ( Urdu : کارا فلم فیسٹیول or کارا فلم ) was founded in 2001 by the KaraFilm Society , reportedly in response to the declining state of the Pakistani film industry .
La Panadería ( in English : The Bakery ) was a contemporary art gallery located in Mexico City founded in 1994 by artists Yoshua Okón and Miguel Calderón .
The Milwaukee Brewers Walk of Fame was established by the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team in 2001 with the opening of Miller Park .
Eğri Eyalet ( Ottoman Turkish : ایالت اگیر ; Eyālet - i Egīr‎ , Hungarian : Egri ejálet , Serbian : Jegarski ejalet or Јегарски ејалет ) or Pashaluk of Eğri was an administrative unit of the Ottoman Empire formed in 1596 with its capital at Eğri ( Hungarian : Eger ) .
The Leibniz - Institut für Molekulare Pharmakologie ( FMP ) was founded in 1992 as a successor to the `` Institut für Wirkstofforschung '' , an Institute of the Academy of Sciences of the GDR .
MiaDonna & Company is a man made diamond and diamond simulant producer and jewelry company founded by Anna - Mieke Anderson in 2005 .
In 1931 , the Glen Alden Coal Company reported that 8,499 feet ( 2,590 m ) from the mouth of the Audenried Tunnel , there was a fissure that discharged close to 800 gallons ( approximately 211 liters ) per minute .
The Citizens Commission on Human Rights International ( CCHR ) is a nonprofit organization established in 1969 by the Church of Scientology and psychiatrist Thomas Szasz , headquartered in Los Angeles , California .
Dr. Chud 's X - Ward was formed in 2003 after Dr. Chud folded his other band Graves .
PORTopera is a professional opera company founded in 1994 by ( a group of opera lovers including Bruce Hangen , Jack Riddle , Russ Burleigh , Dona D. Vaughn and others . )
In April 2005 , Mountain States Radio Inc. ( Victor A. Michael , president ) acquired KVUW as part of a two - station deal from Mt Rushmore Broadcasting Inc. ( Jan C. Gray , president ) for a reported sale price of $ 750,000 .
A Lighter Shade of Brown ( LSOB ) was a Mexican American hip hop duo from Riverside , California best known for their 1990 hit single `` On a Sunday Afternoon '' , a success in the U.S. , written by songwriters / musicians David Dunson & Micah Carson .
Trovit was founded in late 2006 by Iñaki Ecenarro , Raúl Puente , Daniel Giménez and Enrique Domínguez , and backed by private investors ) .
Rethymno Cretan Kings B.C. ( Greek : Ρέθυμνο Cretan Kings ) , is a Greek professional basketball club that was founded in Rethymno , Crete in 1986 .
The Society for Classical Studies ( SCS ) , formerly known as the American Philological Association ( APA ) , founded in 1869 , is a non - profit North American scholarly organization devoted to all aspects of Greek and Roman civilization .
Bombay Vikings ' are a pop group that combine Indian filmi and classical music , formed in 1994 in Stockholm , Sweden .
Midnight Movies was an indie rock band formed in Los Angeles , California in 2002 .
The Pencader Charter High School of Business & Finance was a high school in New Castle , Delaware that opened in August 2006 .
Enics was formed in 2004 as a result of a management buyout of Elcoteq 's Industrial Electronics Division .
Other orthodontic groups were founded in the over the years and in 1994 they all came together to create the British Orthodontic Society .
Suomi - Filmi , lit . Finland - Film , is a Finnish film production and distribution company established in 1919 by Erkki Karu .
Young Broadcasting entered station ownership in 1986 , when it purchased stations in Lansing , Michigan and La Crosse , Wisconsin ( a separate deal in 1988 would see Young acquire a station in Rockford , Illinois ) ;
Emerald Software was a video game publisher founded in 1988 by two UK entertainment executives - David Martin of Martech , and Mike Dixon who previously worked with EMI and worked as the company CEO .
The Hungarian Radical Party ( Hungarian : Magyar Radikális Párt , MRP ) was a political party in Hungary in the period after World War II . The party was revived after the end of communism in 1989 - -90 , but remained unsuccessful .
57,725 acres ( 233.60 km2 ) were designated in the Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park and Gunnison Gorge National Conservation Area Act of 1999 ( Public Law 106 - 76 ) .
Krampouz was thus created in 1949 .
Sustainable Organic Integrated Livelihoods or SOIL is an American nonprofit developmental aid organization co - founded by Sasha Kramer and Sarah Brownell in 2006 .
Founded in 2009 , 10:10 began by campaigning for a 10 % reduction in carbon emissions in 2010 , and has since broadened its approach to include a range of projects focused on carbon reduction and renewable energy .
Venini were a British artrock band , featuring members of Pulp and Ladytron , who were active between the years 1998 and 2001 .
The BallinStadt museum was opened in 2007 and named after Albert Ballin ( 1857 - -1918 ) , then director General of the Hamburg America Line .
It officially launched on January 21 , 2013 as ATN Sony TV .
The Lüderitz Speed Challenge is an annual speed sailing event , held since 2007 in Lüderitz , Namibia , in the southern hemisphere spring .
Nocturnus was an American progressive death metal band formed in Tampa , Florida in 1987 by drummer / vocalist Mike Browning ( formerly of Morbid Angel ) .
World of Twist were an English indie pop band , formed in Sheffield in 1985 .
Zaatar w Zeit ( in Arabic زعتر و زيت ) owned by the Lebanese company Breakfast & Co. S.A.L. is an urban eatery founded in Lebanon in 1999 and operating with 15 branches in Lebanon ) and more than 33 franchises in the Middle East including 15 in the UAE .
AMBI , Israel Stuttering Association , a charity since 1999 , is a public non - profit organization that supports people who stutter and their families in Israel .
ATN announced on January 31 , 2007 plans to launch the channel as ATN Cricket Plus , in a licensing partnership with DirectTV , who launched their own Cricket Plus channel in the United States in 2006 with Taj TV .
The Warren County Farmers ' Fair Balloon Festival was started in 2001 and takes place during the week of the County Fair in Warren County , New Jersey .
Lesopoval ( Russian : Лесопова́л pronounced ( lʲɪsəpɐˈvɑl ) , translated as `` tree felling '' or `` logging camp '' , a symbol of Siberian labor camps and also of the forced labor within the camps ) is a Russian band formed in 1990 by Mikhail Tanich and Sergey Korzhukov .
The Ukrainian Conservative Republican Party ( Ukrainian : Українська консервативна республіканська партія ) was a political party in Ukraine in 1992 to 2001 .
Lanyrd ( pronounced and named after `` lanyard '' ) is a conference directory website created by Simon Willison and Natalie Downe and launched in 2010 .
The World Zionist Organization ( Hebrew : הַהִסְתַּדְּרוּת הַצִּיּוֹנִית הָעוֹלָמִית ; HaHistadrut HaTzionit Ha'Olamit ) , or WZO , was founded as the Zionist Organization ( ZO ; 1897 - 1960 ) at the initiative of Theodor Herzl at the First World Zionist Congress , which took place in August 1897 in Basel , Switzerland .
The City University of Pasay was founded on May 26 , 1994 by the virtue of city ordinance .
In 2001 , the women 's club became the women 's section of football club Montpellier HSC .
Severe Torture is a death metal band from the Netherlands , formed in 1997 by drummer Seth van de Loo and bassist Patrick Boleij .
Cortina Systems , Inc. is a supplier of integrated circuits ( ICs ) for broadband communications founded in 2001 .
To commemorate the 75 glorious years of Oriya cinema Bibhuprasad Rath , Director of Orissa Televisions Limited has announced Tarang Cine Awards during the award presentation ceremony in the Bhubaneswar on February 26 , 2010 .
Fei Comodo formed in May 2003 with an original line - up consisting of Marc Halls ( vocals and guitar ) , Will Phillipson ( guitar ) , Phil Walker ( bass ) and Richard Duvale ( drums ) .
The Philharmonic Orchestra of Fenice ( Orchestra Filarmonica ) was founded in 2007 and is composed by musicians of the Fenice Theater .
Pointy Records is a London - based independent record label , founded in 1998 by Andy Macleod .
Dai Nippon Butoku Kai ( DNBK ) 大日本武徳会 ( lit . `` Greater Japan Martial Virtue Society '' ) is a Japanese martial arts organization established in 1895 in Kyoto .
The Cyprus Olympic Committee ( COC ) ( Greek : Κυπριακή Ολυμπιακή Επιτροπή ) was established in 1974 and in 1979 was recognised by the International Olympic Committee .
Founded in 1982 , FoodDrinkEurope is a Food industry confederation in the European Union .
Jenkens & Gilchrist , P.C. was a Dallas - based law firm , founded in 1951 as Jenkens & Bowens to service the various businesses controlled by Clint Murchison , Jr. The Dallas Morning News was an early client .
Pi Epsilon was founded at Wright State University by the Environmental Sciences PhD student body in October , 2003 .
CEO of Norway Royal Salmon said that when the company was founded in 1992 , he got verbal permission to use `` Royal '' in the company name , as long as `` Royal '' was n't the first part of the name .
The Zionist Organization of America ( ZOA ) , founded in 1897 , was one of the first official Zionist organizations in the United States , and , especially early in the 20th century , the primary representative of American Jews to the World Zionist Organization , espousing primarily Political Zionism .
The Pacific Andes Group has been involved in delivering frozen seafood products to the global leading wholesalers , processors , and retailers since 1986 .
1990 On October 28 Klassik Radio was first aired .
Somerset Christian College was established in 2001 in the buildings and property formerly used by Zarephath Bible Institute , founded in 1908 and Alma White College , founded in 1921 .
Neo - primitivism was a Russian art movement which took its name from the 31-page pamphlet Neo - primitivizm , by Aleksandr Shevchenko ( 1913 ) .
Crimesterdam was founded in Yerevan in 2010 by vocalist Arthur Solakhyan and guitarists Sarkis Shirinian and George Hovhannisyan .
Yesan FC played in the National League , the team was originally founded as Seosan Citizen in Seosan in 2002 , and competed as Seosan Omega in the 2007 league season prior to the relocation to Yesan ahead of the 2008 season .
Frank Gaffney , Jr. , founded the Center for Security Policy in 1988 .
Founded March 1995 as Beaner 's by Bob Fish and Mary Roszel , the company changed its name to Biggby Coffee in late 2007 .
The Canon PowerShot S95 is a high - end 10.0-megapixel compact digital camera announced and released in 2010 .
In 1584 - -1856 , the villages of Grebnevo , Fryazinovka , and Chizhovo stood on the territory occupied by modern Fryazino .
In 1822 , the Mauritshuis was opened to the public and housed the Royal Cabinet of Paintings and the Royal Cabinet of Rarities .
YunoHost development began in March 2012 , and Version 1.0 was released five months later on August 5 , 2012 .
Pilot Speed ( formerly known as Pilate ) was a Canadian rock band that formed in 1999 in Toronto , Ontario .
The American Society of Human Genetics ( ASHG ) , founded in 1948 , is the primary professional membership organization for specialists in human genetics worldwide .
Their debut album was in 2010 when they released their self - titled album Les Stentors .
The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration ( PHMSA ) is a United States Department of Transportation agency created in 2004 , responsible for developing and enforcing regulations for the safe , reliable , and environmentally sound operation of the US ' 2.6 million mile pipeline transportation .
The Kahan Commission ( ועדת כהן ) , formally known as the Commission of Inquiry into the Events at the Refugee Camps in Beirut , was established by the Israeli government on 28 September 1982 , to investigate the Sabra and Shatila massacre ( 16 - -18 September 1982 ) .
Țiriac Air was founded in 1997 , as part of Țiriac Group .
Dead by Sunrise ( formerly known as Snow White Tan ) is an American rock band formed in 2005 .
TVN CNBC was a business and financial news channel in Poland , launched on September 3 , 2007 .
The Colegio Nautilus ( Nautilus School ) is a bilingual private school in the city of Acapulco , Guerrero , Mexico founded in 1986 .
Charity Treks was formed in 2002 by a group of cyclists who had participated in the 2001 Montreal to Maine AIDS Vaccine Bike Trek , one of the last AIDSRides produced by Pallotta Teamworks .
The Guild of St Magnus is a bell ringing guild formed in 2009 , following the new installation of the bells at St Magnus - the - Martyr , with the main aim of ringing for Sunday services at St Magnus the Martyr .
The Charleston and Western Carolina Railway ( C&WC ) was formed in 1896 to operate the lines of the former Port Royal and Augusta Railway ( PR&A ) and the Port Royal and Western Carolina Railway ( PR&WC ) .
Created in 1930 , the International Institute of Administrative Sciences ( IIAS ) is an International Association with Scientific Purpose whose seat is in Brussels .
The Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association ( AFCEA ) established in 1946 , is a non - profit membership association serving the military , government , industry , and academia as an ethical forum for advancing professional knowledge and relationships in the fields of communications , information technology , intelligence , and security .
Southern Networks Ltd launched its digital system in the metropolitan areas of Karachi , Lahore , Islamabad and Rawalpindi in January 2004 and had plans to launch in several key cities in the Central Punjab .
On 11 November 1995 , the Queensland Women 's Hockey Association merged with Queensland Men 's Hockey Association ending 75 years of independent operation and created Hockey Queensland .
On 14 May 1881 Rudolph Karstadt opened his first store in Wismar under the name `` Tuch- , Manufactur- und Confectionsgeschäft Karstadt '' .
Formed in 2005 , the members of TrueRoots devote themselves to the advancement of cross - cultural awareness via the collaboration of diverse minds and media striving to foster an understanding of cultural identity in global society .
Dirty Three is an Australian instrumental rock band , consisting of Warren Ellis ( violin and bass guitar ) , Mick Turner ( electric and bass guitars ) and Jim White ( drums ) , which formed in 1992 .
FC Olimpia Gelendzhik ( Russian : `` ФК Олимпия '' Геленджик ) is a Russian football team from Gelendzhik , founded in 2011 .
The ALRC is part of the Attorney - General 's portfolio , however it is an independent statutory authority constituted under the Australian Law Reform Commission Act 1996 ( Cth ) , and the Public Governance , Performance and Accountability Act 2013 ( PGPA Act ) .
The first Kruidvat was opened in 1975 by Dick Siebrand .
Teradici is a privately held software company founded in 2004 , with head offices in Metropolitan Vancouver , BC and Santa Clara , CA .
Texas All - Star Wrestling ( TASW ) is a professional wrestling promotion that was established by Bob Murphy in Humble , Texas in 1994 .
Death to Anders ( pronounced `` onders '' ) are an American indie rock band formed in Los Angeles , California in 2006 .
Auzentech has its origins in March 2005 , when under the company name HDA ( HiTeC Digital Audio ) , the company launched the X - Mystique 7.1 , the first consumer add - in sound card to feature Dolby Digital Live .
C - JeS Entertainment is a South Korean company established in 2009 , handling the management of various artists .
Deacon Blue are a Scottish pop rock band formed in Glasgow during 1985 .
Ancient Bards is an Italian symphonic metal band , conceived in January 2006 by keyboard player Daniele Mazza .
92 News ( also known as 92 News HD , Channel 92 ) is an Urdu language Pakistan first HD television news channel based in Lahore , launched in year 2015 .
The Sistema Nacional de Creadores de Arte ( SNCA ; national system of art creators ) is a Mexican art association of the Consejo Nacional para la Cultura y las Artes , that was founded per presidential decree of September 3 , 1993 .
The Barter Network is a commercial trading network of companies in the United States founded in 2006 by Bergenske Enterprises , Inc. of which G. Jason Bergenske , President and CEO owns 100 % of the corporation 's shares .
Mass Appeal Records is an American independent record label founded in 2014 .
The Laban ng Demokratikong Pilipino ( Struggle / Fight of Democratic Filipinos ) is a political party in the Philippines founded in 1988 .
RC4 was designed by Ron Rivest of RSA Security in 1987 .
ProLife Alliance ( or simply ProLife ) is an advocacy group in the United Kingdom , formed in October 1996 .
British Energy was established and registered in Scotland in 1995 to operate the eight most modern nuclear power plants in the UK .
KUSB ( 103.3 FM ) , known as `` 103.3 US Country '' , is a radio station located in Bismarck , North Dakota , owned by Townsquare Media that signed on September 25 , 2006 with a Country music format , directly competing with Clear Channel Communications ' KQDY 94.5 .
Topshop was founded in 1964 as Peter Robinson 's Top Shop , a youth brand within the Sheffield branch and also had a large department in the Oxford Street store .
Big Band Jazz de México is a big band orchestra , founded in 1999 by a number of musicians from Mexico City interested in the promotion of jazz music in Mexico .
Antestor is a Norwegian unblack metal band formed in 1990 in Jessheim .
Crumpler was founded in Melbourne in 1995 by Dave Roper and Will Miller ( ex bike couriers & founders of Minuteman Messengers ) , and sculptor / furniture maker / bike courier Stuart Crumpler .
In 1998 , the Fosseway Radio team were delivered the news by the broadcasting authorities that they had been successful in their application , and the station launched on 1 November that year .
It was established in 1985 following an earlier Audiogenic company that had been founded in the late 1970s .
Bàsquet Mallorca was founded in 2008 as a merger of two teams from Balearic Islands :
Aerocardal was established in 1989 and has 50 employees ( at March 2007 ) .
My Channel is a British television channel which launched on 28 February 2006 as Eat Cinema , originally targeted at mainstream cinema audiences .
Two Witches is a gothic rock band from Finland , formed in 1987 .
Malmö City Library first opened on 12 December 1905 , then in Hotel Tunneln .
Valparaiso High School opened in 1871 as Valparaiso City Public Graded School in a facility that had been built in 1861 by the local Presbyterian members as the Valparaiso Collegiate Institute on the site of the current Central Elementary School .
The Turkish Brigade ( code name North Star , Turkish : Şimal Yıldızı or Kutup Yıldızı ) was a Turkish Army Infantry Brigade that served with the United Nations Command during the Korean War between 1950 to 1953 .
The Avicenna School , was founded in June 1996 , and sponsored by the College of Accounting and Management Sciences ( CAMS ) .
Excel Group Institutions ( EGI ) is an educational institution established in 2006 by SRET trust in 2001 at Pallakkapalayam , Komarapalayam , Namakkal , Tamil Nadu , India .
Om Films is an American film production company founded by executive producer Niraj Bhatia and producer / screenwriter Daniel Burks in 2006 .
United for a New Alternative ( Spanish : Unidos por una Nueva Alternativa ) is an Argentine political coalition , running for the Argentine general election , 2015 .
Shady Records is an American record label founded in 1999 by rapper Eminem and his manager Paul Rosenberg after the highly successful release of Eminem 's second studio album The Slim Shady LP ( 1999 ) .
Luther Wright and the Wrongs are a Canadian alternative country and bluegrass band formed in 1998 in Kingston .
Alworths was a chain of 18 high - street retail stores created in 2009 out of some of the former stores of Woolworths plc in the United Kingdom .
The Reich Ministry for the Occupied Eastern Territories ( German : Reichsministerium für die besetzten Ostgebiete or RMfdbO ) was created by Adolf Hitler in July 1941 and headed by the Nazi theoretical expert and Baltic German , Alfred Rosenberg .
The Associação Gaita - de - fole ( Bagpipe Society ) is a non - profit organization , founded officially in 1994 by enthusiasts of the Portuguese folk traditions -- specially the related with the Transmontan and Galician bagpipes .
Fito & Fitipaldis ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈfito i fitiˈpaldis ) ) are a Spanish rock band , formed in 1998 .
The Boulevard de Clichy ( French pronunciation : ​(bulvaʁ də kliʃi ) ) is a famous street of Paris , which lends its name to the Place de Clichy , resulted from the fusion , in 1864 , of the roads that paralleled the Wall of the Farmers - General , both inside and out .
The Galician Party of the Proletariat ( PGP ) was a party galician independentist and Marxist - Leninist party formed in March 1978 , as a continuation of Galician People 's Union - Proletarian Line , a split of the original Galician People 's Union .
Nauru Television ( NTV ) , established on 31 May 1991 , is the government - owned , non - commercial sole television company in the Republic of Nauru .
Les Ogres de Barback ( sometimes known just as Les Ogres ) is a French musical group formed in 1994 , by two brothers and two sisters , Fred and Sam Burguière , and the twins Alice and Mathilde Burguière .
The company dates back to a firm created by Edward Mead Johnson , one of the co - founders of Johnson & Johnson , who created his own business in 1895 , which was renamed Mead Johnson & Company in 1905 .
The Fontaine du Fellah , also known as the Egyptian Fountain , located at 52 rue de Sèvres in the 7th arrondissement of Paris , next to the entrance of the Vaneau metro station , was built in 1806 during the rule of Napoleon Bonaparte , in the neo - Egyptian style inspired by Napoleon 's Egyptian campaign .
D. G. Yuengling & Son is the oldest operating brewing company in the United States , established in 1829 .
On 1 April 1972 , the formerly independent communities of Niedereisenhausen , Obereisenhausen , Niederhörlen and Oberhörlen joined together of their own free will into the community of Steffenberg .
Apevia Corporation is a computer chassis , power supply , cooling and accessories company founded in March 1999 .
In 1848 , Menton , along with its neighbour Roquebrune , seceded from Monaco , due at least in part to a tax imposed on lemon exports .
Bag Raiders are an Australian electronic band founded in 2006 by mainstays Jack Glass and Chris Stracey .
The Tuscan Sun Festival was founded in 2003 by Barrett Wissman , cellist Nina Kotova and writer Frances Mayes , whose bestselling books helped to make Tuscany a popular tourist destination .
Created in the late 1988 , the Virginia Festival of American Film ( renamed The Virginia Film Festival ) was endorsed by the state 's Department of Economic Development and adopted by the University of Virginia .
Bónus was started by Jón Ásgeir Jóhannesson and his father , Jóhannes Jónsson , with the first store in Skútuvogur street in Reykjavík in April , 1989 .
Dead Obies is an experimental hip hop band originating from South Shore ( suburbs south of Montreal ) , Quebec , Canada , that was formed in 2011 by 6 members , a collective of five MCs Jo RCA , Yes McCan , Snail Kid , 20some , O.G. Bear and Quebec producer VNCE .
Horizons Communications Group is a television production company founded in 1995 by Executive Producer Rick Roberts .
Lethian Dreams is a French doom metal band , founded in 2002 by Carline Van Roos and Matthieu Sachs , also known for their work in the bands Aythis and Remembrance .
The Savannah Wildcats are a charter member of the Continental Basketball League based in Savannah , Georgia which began play in 2010 .
Breheimen National Park ( Norwegian : Breheimen nasjonalpark ) is a national park that was established in 2009 .
The Amadeu Antonio Foundation , established in 1998 , is a German foundation engaging against far - right extremism , racism and anti - Semitism .
Te Whare Wānanga o Awanuiārangi is a Wānanga ( indigenous tertiary education provider ) established in 1991 by Ngāti Awa and based in Whakatāne .
Royseven formed in September 2003 , they received record company interest in 2004 , ultimately signing a deal with the Universal Music Group in 2005 .
Quicksilver Tuna ( 1994 ) , Sirkafúsk Fousque ( 1996 ) , Sirkafúsk Nói Albínói ( 2004 ) , Kitchen Motors Slowblow ( 2004 ) , Mobile / Plug
The Party for Dignified Life ( Czech : Strana Důstojného Života , SDŽ ) is a social democratic political party in the Czech Republic founded in 2007 by Jana Volfová who became the party 's first chairwoman .
The Baltimore Bandits were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League in the 1995 - -96 and 1996 - -97 seasons .
The Bavarian Cavalry Division ( Bayerische Kavallerie - Division ) was a unit of the Royal Bavarian Army , part of the German Army , in World War I. The division was formed on the mobilization of the German Army in August 1914 .
Perimeter Bicycling was founded in 1986 by Richard DeBernardis and has helped raise over $ 32 million for local and national charitable organizations .
Initially Film1 Spotlight started as Film1 Series on 17 January 2012 when it replaced the 1 hour timeshift channel Film1 Premiere + 1 , focussing on television series .
KVNT was a simulcast of KLEF 98.1 FM ( as KAXX ) until February 12 , 2007 .
Yogyakarta International School ( YIS ) is a secular , co - educational , international school in Yogyakarta , Java , Indonesia founded in 1989 ; making it Yogyakarta 's most established and only international school with expatriate teachers for core classes .
The Jacqui Lambie Network is a minor political party which was formed in Australia in 2015 by Tasmanian Senator Jacqui Lambie .
In the summer of 2009 , after the dissolution of Auxerre Lugoj , Vulturii Lugoj was refounded under the name of CSM Lugoj .
Established on July 16 , 2006 in Santiago de Compostela , in Isca ! was created by a militant splinter group of the youth of the UPG in January of that year , together with other leftist critics in Galiza Nova , the youth organization of Galician Nationalist Bloc .
The Teenage Kissers is a Japanese Grunge band from Tokyo , Japan , formed in 2012 by well known vocalist Nana Kitade , bassist Hideo Nekota and drummer Mai Koike , and later joined by lead guitarist Tsubasa Nakada on April 6 , 2013 .
S.M. Naqvi Gold Medal was instituted in 2013 by the Geological Society of India in the name of the late Syed Mahmood Naqvi , an outstanding scientist who contributed extensively in the field of Precambrian Geology .
Workers Party of Turkey ( Türkiye İşçi Partisi ) was a Turkish political party , founded in 1961 .
Anime Festival Wichita started in 2005 as a one - day event under the name Wichita Anime Festival .
Kingsway Park High School is an 11 - -16 mixed Foundation School that opened in September 2010 .
Since the founding of the Honors Program at Drexel in 1991 , Honors has been a vital presence on campus , developing into the self - standing Pennoni Honors College in 2002 .
Public Against Violence ( Slovak : Verejnosť proti násiliu , VPN ) was a political movement established in Bratislava , Slovakia in November 1989 .
The Alpenliga was an international professional ice hockey league which existed between 1991 and 1999 .
Nortt is a Danish one - man black funeral doom metal band formed in 1995 .
Launched in January 2006 , ExerciseTV was founded by Jake Steinfeld and created by Comcast .
The Ginn sur Mer Classic was a PGA Tour golf tournament that lasted for two years , 2007 and 2008 .
The Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation ( NDIC ) was established on 15 June 1988 to strengthen the safety net for the newly liberalized banking sector , following the recommendation of former Central Bank of Nigeria governor Ola Vincent .
Barren Earth is a Finnish progressive death metal band from Helsinki , and was formed in 2007 .
La Martiniquaise is France 's second - largest spirits group , founded in 1934 , by the father of the current head , billionaire Jean - Pierre Cayard .
Harry Pencer , a clothier from Montreal , Canada , began to import Cott sodas into Quebec , Canada , in 1952 .
Modestia Aparte is a Spanish pop music band that recorded albums from 1988 to 2008 .
Mesk Records is an independent electronica and experimental music record label based in Berlin , Germany , and founded in 2008 .
The Lithuanian State Symphony Orchestra ( Lithuanian : Lietuvos valstybinis simfoninis orkestras or LVSO ) is one of Lithuania 's two national orchestras , founded in 1988 .
The Hellenic Air Force Museum was founded in 1986 and since 1992 it is located on the Decelea Airfield .
Big Wreck is a rock band formed by Canadian Ian Thornley in Boston , Massachusetts in 1994 .
Rough Copy were formed in 2008 and were originally called SOS ( Sons of Soul ) , whose original members were Kazeem `` Kaz '' Ajobe , Joey James , Rickstar Rickell Brown and Sterling Ramsey .
High Highs are an indie rock band from Sydney , Australia , formed by Jack Milas and Oli Chang in 2010 .
The band released their debut studio album , Caravan Palace , on the Wagram label in October 2008 .
Minted was founded in April 2007 by Mariam Naficy to sell high - end lines of stationery and adopted a crowdsourcing model when it realized that designs by independent artists were outselling those of established brands .
Until the Ghana School of Law was established in 1958 , all lawyers in Ghana were trained abroad , almost always at the Inns of Court in England .
The Coogee Dolphins was formed in October 1993 under the auspices of the Eastern Suburbs Junior League but now affiliated with the South Sydney District Junior Rugby Football League .
Seculert was founded in 2010 by former RSA FraudAction Research Lab Manager Aviv Raff , former SanDisk Product Marketing Manager Dudi Matot and former Finjan VP of Operations Alex Milstein .
The Musée international d'Art naïf Anatole Jakovsky ( Eng . : Anatole Jakovsky International Museum of Naive Art ) is a museum located in Nice , which displays 18-to-21st century works specialized in naive art . The museum was inaugurated on 5 March 1982 .
Balloom is an independent Japanese record label that was created in 2011 .
Horna ( formerly known as Shadowed ) is a Finnish black metal band that formed in 1993 .
Ball4Real was the name of a traveling basketball exhibition and competition which made its debut in June 2007 .
CKOM began broadcasting at 1340 kHz on June 8 , 1951 with an output of 250 watts and its offices were based out of the historic Empire Hotel .
The Leigh UTC is a 14 - 19 University Technical College ( UTC ) for the Dartford area that opened in September 2014 .
Team Me made their concert debut in Trondheim the 22nd of January 2010 , after they have found themselves been picked out to Urørtfinalen , at a yearly competition for up and coming Norwegian bands held by NRK Urørt , which is a part of The Norwegian Broadcasting channel P3 .
The Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean ( PAM ) is an international organisation established in 2005 , following fifteen years of cooperation among States of the Mediterranean region .
DesignCrowd is an online crowdsourcing platform founded in 2008 by Alec Lynch and Adam Arbolino .
Jetsgo was launched on June 12 , 2001 and ceased operations on March 11 , 2005 .
Huaneng Power International Inc. , or Huaneng , was established in 1994 administrated by the State Council of the People 's Republic of China .
The Foundation for Media Alternatives ( FMA ) is as a non - government organization formed in 1986 .
The Kurdish National Council was founded in Hawler on 26 October 2011 , under the sponsorship of Kurdish Regional Government President Massoud Barzani , following the earlier creation of the Syrian National Council .
The Société Française de Psychanalyse ( SFP ) was a French psychoanalytic professional body formed in 1953 , in a split from the main body of French psychoanalysts , the Société Parisienne de Psychanalyse ( SPP ) .
Mustafa Kemal University ( Turkish : Mustafa Kemal Üniversitesi ) , abbreviaed as MKU , is a public university established 1992 at Antakya , Hatay Province in southern Turkey .
The Social Democratic Action alliance was established in 1951 to contest the 1951 presidential and congressional elections .
The Pingat Keberanian ( Medal of Valour ) , instituted in 1987 , is a Singaporean decoration awarded to any person who has performed an act of courage and gallantry in circumstances of personal danger .
Hawaii Pacific Health was formed in December 2001 with the merger of four hospitals :
The Landsmannschaft Schlesien was established in March 1950 and is a member of the Federation of Expellees , and has its headquarters in Königswinter , North Rhine - Westphalia .
Gruntruck was an American rock band formed in 1989 in Seattle , Washington by Ben McMillan and Scott McCullum , both previously from Skin Yard .
Parsons came out of his retirement in 1997 to launch Jomax Technologies , which later became GoDaddy Group Inc. GoDaddy received a strategic investment from top venture capital funds , KKR , Silver Lake and Technology Crossover Ventures .
The Imperial Japanese occupation of Hong Kong ( 香港日治時期 ) began when the Governor of Hong Kong , Sir Mark Young , surrendered the British Crown colony of Hong Kong to Imperial Japan on 25 December 1941 .
The Odd Gentlemen is a video game developer founded by Matt Korba and Paul Bellezza in 2008 .
Reichshammerbund ( Reich Hammer League ) was a German anti - Semitic movement founded in 1912 by Theodor Fritsch .
The Miami Floridians played in the ABA from 1968 through 1970 when they became simply The Floridians .
Formed by students of St. Louis University High School in 1988 , MU330 played a self - described brand of music called `` Psycho Ska '' , high energy ska punk marked by manic performances and humorous , often strange lyricism .
The present station opened in May 2003 , to replace the Old Townsville railway station in Flinders Street .
J. J. Fad began in 1985 as a quintet comprising Juana Burns ( MC J.B. ) , Dania Birks ( Baby - D ) , Anna Cash ( Lady Anna ) , Fatima Shaheed ( O.G. Rocker ) and Juanita Lee ( Crazy J. ) .
Askari Bank Ltd ( Urdu : عسکری بینک‎ ) ( formerly Askari Commercial Bank ) is a commercial and retail bank in Pakistan It was founded on October 9 , 1991 , as a Public Limited Company .
The Ho - Am Prize in Engineering was established in 1994 by Kun - Hee Lee , the Chairman of Samsung , to honour the late Chairman , Byung - chull Lee , the founder of the company .
On 14 November 1994 Eurostar services began between Waterloo International station in London , Gare du Nord in Paris and Brussels - South railway station in Brussels .
Nerjyzed Entertainment , LLC ( NE ) is a privately held video game and 3D animation development and publishing company founded in 2003 , and headquartered in Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
Nobodyknows ( stylized as nobodyknows+ ) is a Japanese hip - hop band founded in 1999 .
Methods of Mayhem is an American rock band formed in 1999 by Tommy Lee , who had temporarily quit his position as Mötley Crüe 's drummer .
In September 1992 , Tim Burton returned Selick 's studio , renamed it Skellington Productions , and sold it to Disney .
The Old Town BluesFest was started by the Old Town Business and Art Development Association in 1994 under the name OctoberFest and without the specific focus on blues music .
FC Spartak Shchyolkovo ( Russian : ФК Спартак Щёлково ) is a Russian football club from Shchyolkovo , founded in 1992 .
Husqvarna FF was founded in 1987 following the merger of the men 's association football sections of Husqvarna IF and Huskvarna Södra IS .
Fangcun Station ( Chinese : 芳村站 ) is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operation on 28 June 1997 .
Lemelson Capital Management is a United States - based global investment management company founded in 2012 by Emmanuel Lemelson who is also a Greek Orthodox priest .
This small and informal network eventually grew into the modern Best Western hotel chain founded by M.K. Guertin in 1946 .
Found in 2011 as Nuova Cosenza Calcio as the phoenix club of Cosenza Calcio 1914 Srl by using Article 52 of N.O.I.F. , Nuova Cosenza and Cosenza 1914 Srl were spiritual successor of the original Cosenza Calcio 1914 SpA which folded in 2005 .
Viktoria Stolp was a German association football club formed in 1909 , from the city of Stolp , Pomerania which was at the time part of Germany and is today Słupsk , Poland .
The Love Parade ( German : Loveparade ) was a popular electronic dance music festival and parade that originated in 1989 in West Berlin , Germany .
In 1998 , Northwest Academy ( K-12 ) split into First Baptist Academy and Houston Christian High School .
Plans to establish the ErAZ factory came about on December 31 , 1964 , by the Council of Ministers of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic .
Incorporated in 2004 , Tata Sky is a Joint venture between the Tata Group and 21st Century Fox Its primary competitors in cable television and other DTH service providers are --
Fake Problems was created by Chris Farren , Derek Perry , Casey Lee , and Sean Stevenson in 2005 .
The Office Group was founded by Co - CEOs Olly Olsen and Charlie Green in 2004 .
Reshet ( Hebrew : רשת‎ , lit . `` Network '' ) is one of the two concessionaires running the Israeli commercial television channel , Channel 2 since 1993 .
The Marine Accident Investigation Branch ( MAIB ) established in 1989 following the Herald of Free Enterprise disaster , is a branch of the United Kingdom Department for Transport which can investigate any accident occurring in UK waters , regardless of the nationality of the vessel(s ) involved , and accidents involving UK registered ships worldwide .
Sagentia was founded by Professor Gordon Edge as Scientific Generics in 1986 .
KMFM Ashford officially launched on 3 October 2005 .
The Cooper Temple Clause were an English alternative rock band , formed in Wokingham , Berkshire in 1998 .
Kyivpastrans was established on October 2 , 2001 by the Kiev City Council to replace KP `` Kyivelektrotrans '' and the Kyiv City Territorial - Production Union of Automobile Trasnport .
VV Drama ( formerly known as VarietyVision , officially launched on 1 April 1992 and officially dissolved on 31 May 1995 ) is a cable television StarHub TV on Channel 855 .
Sabal Financial Group , L.P. is a California - based real estate and finance company , founded in 2009 , with headquarters in Newport Beach , and additional offices nationwide and in London , UK .
Celtic de Mably XIII were formed in 2001 utilising a number of players from the recently defunct Coteau XIII club .
CKIC - FM was an instructional over - the - air campus radio station that broadcast in Winnipeg on the frequency 92.9 FM from April 27 , 2004 to July 4 , 2012 .
Action Without Borders ( also known as Idealist ) is a nonprofit organization founded in 1995 by Ami Dar and based in New York City and Portland , Oregon .
The Yale Literary Magazine , founded in 1836 , is the oldest literary magazine in the United States and publishes poetry and fiction by Yale undergraduates twice per academic year .
NordNat was an association of far - right parties , founded in Malmö on 8 June 1997 , in an attempt to unite Nordic nationalist parties .
AltAssets was launched in 2001 and is based in London .
KUD Mladost Nova Pazova ( Artistic Society Mladost Nova Pazova ) is a Serbian cultural organisation established in 1953 .
The Johann Rosenmüller Ensemble is a German early music group formed by the German cornetto player and conductor Arno Paduch in 1995 .
In 1994 , the school was established as Sukkur Institute of Business Administration .
The Peach Music Festival is a music festival started by The Allman Brothers Band and Live Nation Entertainment that has been held annually since 2012 at the Pavilion at Montage Mountain and Montage Mountain Ski Resort in Scranton , Pennsylvania .
Da Vinci Learning was launched on September 15 , 2007 by its parent company , Da Vinci Media GmbH , and is based in Berlin , Germany .
The National Council on Aging ( NCOA ) was founded in 1950 as the first charitable organization in the U.S. that would provide a national voice for older Americans and act as their advocates in dealing with service providers and policymakers .
American Recording Productions was founded by Armenian musician Ara Topouzian in 1991 .
The Quireboys are an English hard rock band formed in 1984 in London , with strong ties to Newcastle .
The Asia Ski Mountaineering Federation ( ASMF ) was founded at Beidahu on 10 February 2009 , on the initiative of the Chinese Mountaineering Association ( CMA ) , Korean Alpine Federation ( KAF ) and the Japan Mountaineering Association ( JMA ) .
Hector Rail ran its first train on 12 December 2004 , and now operates around 5 million train - km a year in Sweden and Norway .
1993 FC Atlant Digora 1994 - 2005 FC Gofrokarton Digora 2005 - -present FC Digora
Milton Keynes Kings were an Ice Hockey team based in Milton Keynes that originally played in various divisions of the British Hockey League ( BHL ) from 1990 until 1996 .
Hazen Street ( also known as Hazen St. ) is a supergroup that formed in early 2004 .
Swahili Blonde is an experimental musical project formed in Los Angeles , California in 2009 .
The Center for Advanced Study in Theoretical Linguistics ( CASTL ) was established in 2002 as a Center of Excellence by the Norwegian Research Council .
Ann Livermore heads up HP Enterprise Business Group serving as its Executive Vice President since May 2004 .
EPM Musique is a French record label that was created in 1986 by François Dacla , former president of RCA France .
The Kingdom of Luang Phrabang was formed in 1707 as a result of the split of the Kingdom of Lan Xang .
It was restored and opened as the Hornby School Museum in 1984 , and was listed on National Register of Historic Places in 2008 .
Merix Corporation was started in 1994 as a spin - off from Tektronix , Inc. in Oregon 's Silicon Forest , employing 700 people .
Axis Of formed in 2007 , and after various line up changes they released debut single `` Brobdingnagian '' in late 2009 , launching in Belfast in January 2010 .
Mondo Generator ( sometimes known as Nick Oliveri And The Mondo Generator ) is an American rock hybrid band founded in 1997 by Nick Oliveri .
Heather Brennan initially founded Park House English School in 1994 .
Compagnie des Alpes ( Euronext : CDA ) is a French company created in 1989 to operate many ski resorts in Europe .
The Townhouse Gallery was established in 1998 as an independent , non - profit art space in Egypt with a goal of making contemporary arts accessible to all without compromising creative practice .
Sam Prochazka co - founded Novosbed.com in 2009 to give consumers an alternative to what he refers to as `` the ubiquitously pushy , deceptive , and expensive mattress buying experience '' .
The Manalapan EpiCentre opened in 2002 on the corner of U.S. Route 9 southbound and Symmes Road in Manalapan Township , New Jersey .
Life One was a British television channel owned and operated by Life TV Media which launched in August 2007 as the fourth television channel from the company .
The immediate forerunner of the Corvinus University of Budapest , the Faculty of Economics of the Royal Hungarian University , was established in 1920 .
Statistics Canada ( French : Statistique Canada ) , which was formed in 1971 , is the Canadian federal government agency commissioned with producing statistics to help better understand Canada , its population , resources , economy , society , and culture .
The Wilderness of Manitoba are a Canadian indie folk band who formed in 2009 in Toronto .
World Statistics Day was celebrated for the first time on 20 October 2010 worldwide .
The Birthday Suit is a Scottish indie rock band from Edinburgh , formed in 2011 by Idlewild guitarist Rod Jones .
The San Francisco Electronic Music Festival founded in 1999 by a Founding Steering Committee of which included eight Bay Area electro - acoustic music and sound art practitioners .
Muzaffar Ahmed Mahavidyalaya , established in 1986 , is a general degree college in Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal , India .
East Calcutta Girl 's College , established in 1992 , is the women 's college in Kolkata .
Bad Boy Latino is a Latin hip hop record label founded in 2005 by Sean Combs and Pitbull .
The Kilby International Awards was an award created by the High Tech Committee of the North Dallas Chamber of Commerce , in 1990 to boost interest in the area .
Callisti is a clothing label founded by Austrian fashion designer Martina Müller in 2007 .
The town of Dreieich came into being on 1 January 1977 in the framework of municipal restructuring in the Offenbach district , bringing together five communities which until then had been self - administering .
Opened to the public in 1995 , the Armadale Reptile Centre houses a large variety of native reptiles and other wildlife with over 50 different species on display including various species of snakes , turtles and lizards as well as emus , parrots , wombats , dingos , bats and a wedge - tailed eagle .
Royal Southern Brotherhood came together in New Orleans , Louisiana during 2011 .
The National Museum of Nepal was established in 1928 by General Bhimsen Thapa using an old building built in 1819 A.D. The museum then known as Chhauni Silkhana , literally meaning `` arsenal museum '' , was originally used to display firearms and weapons used in the war history of Nepal .
The Vernons formed in 2011 when James Nikiforides asked Jonny Nyst to join a band he had put together with Elliot Gooch and Andrew Lahey .
The first phase of Providence Town Center opened in October 2009 , consisting of Wegmans and several other large retailers .
In 2014 , the Sportimes were sold to San Diego businessman Russell Geyser and his minority partner Jack McGrory who relocated the team and renamed it the San Diego Aviators .
Namgida Band ( Hangul : 남기다밴드 ) is a South Korean indie folk music group formed in Jeju Island in 2012 .
Founded in 1987 by Minott Wessinger with the help of his father , Fred Wessinger , the McKenzie River Corporation has launched a number of successful beverage products to the US market .
ContactEngine formerly ipadio , is a privately owned technology and communications company founded in 2009 .
Abbey Road on the River began with three events in Cleveland in 2002 , 2003 and 2004 .
Dreamaker begun when vocalist Elisa Martin , guitarist Albert Maroto and drummer Jorge Sáez left Dark Moor , in 2003 , due to musical differences .
Chattagram Maa - O - Shishu Hospital Medical College ( CMOSHMC ) is a private medical school in Bangladesh , established in 2005 .
In the early months of 2005 , member clubs of the South Eastern Australian Football League and North Eastern Australian Football League on the eastern seaboard formed a new league , the Eastern AFL .
The American Leadership Project ( ALP ) is an unincorporated association organized under section 527 of the IRS code formed in February 2008 in order to highlight issues of importance to the American middle class , such the economy , jobs , the rising cost of health care , and the mortgage crisis .
Established in 1994 , Georgiana Bruce Kirby Preparatory School is named for a Santa Cruz pioneer , early suffragist , educator , and public speaker .
André Auniac and Étienne Romano founded the SA des Chantiers aéronavals Étienne Romano on 16 August 1929 .
Super Bock Super Rock is a rock festival in Portugal , created in 1994 .
The current headquarters of the Kabbalah Centre in Los Angeles was opened in 1984 .
Street Drum Corps is an American punk rock percussion band , formed in Los Angeles , California in 2004 by Bobby Alt , of S.T.U.N. and Faculty X ;
SKP Engineering College ( SKPEC ) is an engineering college in Chinnakangiyanur , Tiruvannamalai , Tamil Nadu , India , founded in 1999 with the aim of providing a technical education to rural citizens in and around Tiruvannamalai and provide them with the skills needed to pursue successful professional careers .
ASI Controls is a private United States company founded in 1986 in San Ramon , California .
The Mercer Island Historical Societyl ( MIHS ) was founded in 1954 , when it was incorporated by Washington 's Department of State in Olympia .
The Dreamside is a rock and metal band formed in the Netherlands in 1994 .
Slaves to Gravity were an alternative hard rock band formed in the summer of 2006 in London , England .
The Accreditation Council for TESOL Distance Education Courses or ACTDEC is an independent , non - profit - making body founded in 1993 to seek to ensure quality in TESOL distance - learning courses .
The club was founded in Daejeon , South Korea in 1982 as the `` OB Bears '' , and moved to Seoul , South Korea in 1985 before being officially renamed the `` Doosan Bears '' in 1999 .
The International Stuttering Association ( ISA ) , founded in Linköping , Sweden , in July 1995 , is a nonprofit international support group organization for people who stutter .
Vyatka Governorate ( Russian : Вятская губерния ) was a governorate of the Russian Empire and USSR , with its capital in city Vyatka ( now known as Kirov ) , from 1796 to 1929 .
Hansberry College Prep opened its doors in 2012 as Noble Auburn Gresham College Prep in recognition of the neighborhood in which the school resides .
The University of Salzburg was formally re - established in 1962 with a Faculty of Catholic Theology and a Faculty of Philosophy .
Gnumeric version 1.0 was released on 31 December 2001 .
Bear Stearns was founded as an equity trading house on May Day 1923 by Joseph Ainslee Bear , Robert B. Stearns and Harold C. Mayer Sr . with $ 500,000 in capital .
National Paralegal College was founded in 2002 by Director Mark Geller , Esq . , founder of Legal Data Systems , Inc. and school President Avi Katz .
The Cornish Language Partnership ( Cornish : Keskowethyans an Taves Kernewek ( kɛskɔˈwɛθjans an ˈtavɛs kɛrˈnɛwɛk ) , ( kɛskɔˈwɛθjɐnz ɐn ˈtævɐzs kərˈnuːɐk ) ) is a representative body that was set up in Cornwall , England , UK in 2005 to promote and develop the use of the Cornish language .
The Red Sea Institute of Cinematic Arts officially opened its doors September 2008 .
Hougang Secondary School started functioning on 2 January 2001 at 58 Lowland road .
In 1908 , the house was opened as the Hans Christian Andersen Museum .
After the Berlin Wall was erected , the club was re - founded in 1963 as TSV Luckenwalde and after unification renamed itself FSV 63 Luckenwalde .
Ciner Media Group ( Ciner Medya Grubu ) is a Turkish media conglomerate established in 2007 , part of the Ciner Holding conglomerate .
Rice - Eccles Stadium was also the home field of the Major League Soccer franchise Real Salt Lake from 2005 until October 2008 , when Rio Tinto Stadium was opened in the suburb of Sandy , south of Salt Lake City .
The Museum of Human Anatomy Luigi Rolando ( Italian : Museo di anatomia umana Luigi Rolando ) is a museum of human anatomy that was founded in 1739 with headquarters in Torino , Italy .
Air Ontario Inc. was established in June 1987 , when James Plaxton purchased Great Lakes Airlines prior to its bankruptcy , and Air Ontario Ltd. ( formerly Great Lakes Airlines , formed in 1958 ) was formed .
Rosetta Pebble was formed by Eric Frakes and Steve Gulian in summer 1999 , in Barcelona , Spain .
On March 26 , 1917 , King Vajiravudh renamed the college Chulalongkorn University .
The Lisa McPherson Trust was an organisation created in 1999 by Bob Minton .
Malta ( Rothmans ) International Tournament was a biannual association football friendly competition for national teams that took place in Malta from 1986 to 2008 .
Årabrot is a Norwegian noise - rock band established in 2001 , originally from Haugesund , but with a current creative base in Djura and the Oslo - based record label Fysisk Format .
In 1985 , it was put into regulation as Foy Provincial Park and designated as `` recreation''-class .
The Euler Committee of the Swiss Academy of Sciences ( also known as the Euler Committee or the Euler Commission ) was founded in July 1907 with the objective of publishing the entire scientific production of Leonhard Euler in four series collectively called Opera Omnia ( Collected Works in Latin ) .
It was demerged from BHP Billiton on 22 July 2002 as BHP Steel and renamed BlueScope Steel on 17 November 2003 .
British Motor Holdings Limited ( BMH ) was a British vehicle manufacturing company known until 14 December 1966 as British Motor Corporation Limited ( BMC ) .
For the first time the Elevate Festival took place in 2005 .
Gary Backstrom joined , and in the fall of 1989 , with the departure of Dan Greenwood , Jiggle the Handle was born .
Electric Picnic is an annual arts - and - music festival which has been staged since 2004 at Stradbally Hall in Stradbally , County Laois , Ireland .
Greenhouse Studios is a music recording facility founded by Bruce Levens in 1987 .
Qntal is a German `` electro - medieval '' band founded in 1991 by Michael Popp and Ernst Horn .
The PRISA group was founded in 1972 by Jesús de Polanco who was the major shareholder and the president of the company until his death on 21 July 2007 .
Comic Relief teamed up with the newly established Sport Relief initiative in 2002 and alternates with Sport Relief , airing every second year in March .
The intention to found EFQM was signed in October 1988 by 14 European business leaders .
BellSouth Telecommunications was formed in 1983 as SBT&T Co ..
The School for Poetic Computation ( SFPC ) is a hybrid of a school , residency and research group that was founded in 2013 in New York .
Concert TV was founded as an independent company by Jeff Shultz and Michael Shimbo in September 2003 .
Cognician is a web - based , e - learning platform for personal development and organisational development produced by Cognician Software ( Pty ) Ltd. The company is located in Cape Town , South Africa and was founded by brothers Barry Kayton and Patrick Kayton in 2010 .
Metsä Tissue was originally a forest industry company founded as G.A. Serlachius Oy in 1868 with a wood factory in Mänttä , Finland .
Uzeda is a Sicilian underground rock group founded in 1987 by lead singer Giovanna Cacciola , guitarists Agostino Tilotta and Giovanni Nicosia , bassist Raffaele Gulisano and drummer Davide Oliveri .
The Black Keys are an American rock duo formed in Akron , Ohio , in 2001 .
Young America 's Foundation ( YAF ) is a conservative youth organization , founded in 1969 , whose mission is to educate students about conservative principles through conferences and seminars , campus lectures , and campus activism .
Trymedia was founded in 1999 as Trymedia Systems , Inc. by cousins Alex Torrubia and Andres Torrubia .
Privately held and based in Boston , Apperian was founded in January 2009 as a third - party developer of enterprise iPhone apps before announcing EASE in 2010 .
The company Action Forms was founded in 1995 .
Established in 1990 , Splashy Fen is South Africa 's longest - running music festival , which every Easter attracts thousands of people to a farm near Underberg , KwaZulu - Natal for a unique outdoor music experience .
The Innovation , Development and Employment Alliance is a business coalition launched in May 2009 , aimed at securing intellectual property rights in a number of areas , including environmentally sound technology , healthcare and renewable energy .
Year of Desolation is an American metal band formed in Indiana in 2001 .
Claes Lövgrens is a dansband from Billesholm in Sweden , established in 1994 , and scoring album chart successes in Sweden by the early 2010s .
The ABS - CBN News Channel was originally established in 1996 as the Sarimanok News Network or SNN .
The B - Boy crew Flying Steps was formed in 1993 by Kadir Memis ( `` Amigo '' ) and Vartan Bassil in Berlin .
Crédit Industriel et Commercial ( CIC ) is a financial services group in France , founded in 1859 With its parent - company , Crédit Mutuel it is the fourth largest bank in the country .
CIH Bank was created in 1920 as Caisse de prêts immobiliers du Maroc ( CPIM ) .
Two years later , in 1913 , the Deauville and Biarritz couture shops of Coco Chanel offered for sale prêt - à - porter sports clothes for women , the practical designs of which allowed the wearer to play sport .
The Echternach Gospels ( Paris , Bib . N. , MS . lat . 9389 ) were produced , presumably , at Lindisfarne Abbey in Northumbria around the year 690 .
The Cincinnati Ballet is a professional ballet company founded in 1958 in Cincinnati , Ohio , United States and had its first performance in 1964 .
Aloft Hotels was conceived in 2005 by Starwood Hotels .
Small Planet Institute is a nonprofit organization founded by Frances Moore Lappé and Anna Lappé in 2001 .
The American Board of Medicolegal Death Investigators ( ABMDI ) was founded in February 1998 , following research by the Chief Medical Examiner of Milwaukee , Dr Jeffrey Jantzen , which revealed a lack of regulation in the skills needed for medicolegal death investigations .
Impulse Airlines was an independent airline in Australia which operated regional and low cost trunk services between 1992 and 2004 .
Noble Street College Prep was founded by Michael and Tonya Milkie with the support of the Northwestern University Settlement Association in 1999 and is the original campus of Noble Network of Charter Schools .
Hercegovac Bileća later withdrew from the league in 2012 and the club took on a new name in KK HEO and re - joined the second division Srpska Liga .
On June 30 , 2014 , Canal 13 reported through its official Facebook page relaunching the international channel , now under the name 13i .
Razorcuts were an indie pop band formed in 1984 in London .
The Indian Science Writers ' Association ( ISWA ) was established on April-14 , 1985 to develop and nurture the science writing and science communication professions in India .
Golden Bay Air originated in 2006 as Capital Air and later changed its name in 2009 .
Solvac is a Belgian holding founded in 1983 , which groups the investments of the descendants of Ernest Solvay in Solvay of which it is the largest single shareholder with 30 % of its shares .
Hong Kong Legends was a United Kingdom DVD distribution company , based in Hertfordshire and operating from the UK and Australia between 1999 and 2007 .
The World Socialist Party of the United States ( WSPUS ) is a socialist political organization that was established in Detroit , Michigan as the Socialist Party of the United States in 1916 and which operated as the Socialist Educational Society in the 1920s before being renamed the Workers ' Socialist Party .
The Virtual Global University ( VGU ) is a private organization founded in 2001 by 17 professors of Business Informatics from 14 different universities in Germany , Austria and Switzerland .
Riekert started recording under the name Battery 9 in 1994 , bored with the creative constraints of a standard rock band format .
The channel was granted approval under the name TFN - The Fight Network , however , it was launched on September 22 , 2005 as the Fight Network , commonly abbreviated as TFN .
The Australian Society of Soil Science Incorporated ( ASSSI ) was founded 1955 to `` advance soil science in the professional , academic , and technical fields '' .
Imoco Volley is an Italian women 's volleyball club founded in 2012 .
The new company of former PLUNA workers adopted the name Alas - U , but in October 2013 as reformulated Alas Uruguay .
After years of debating , KMPX first signed on the air on September 15 , 1993 as the flagship station of the religious broadcast network Daystar .
The Moon and the Nightspirit is a Hungarian folk music duo founded in 2003 by Ágnes Tóth and Mihály Szabó .
The Lucky Bullets is a Norwegian rockabilly band , formed in 2006 .
SESAC was founded in 1930 , making it the second - oldest , and also the fastest - growing P.R.O. in the United States .
Established in 2005 as part of the annual Amsterdam Sport Weekend , a citywide sponsored initiative to promote ' sports and recreation ' within the city of Amsterdam , the Copa Amsterdam is an international football youth tournament held in the historic Olympic Stadium since 2010 .
Zonic was a British software developer , founded in 1996 .
WTTH first signed on as WFOU in 1989 .
Vulgar Pang is gothic rock band from Appleton , Wisconsin formed in 2004 by vocalist and multi - instrumentalist Craig Hawkinson .
1985 Basware was founded 1990 Management buy - out 1992 First Basware Financial Management software introduced 1997 First Basware Invoice Processing software introduced ;
1991 Norek established 1996 Introduced the first webshop with Komplett.no 1999 Norkom established as the result of a merger between Komplett and Norek 2000 Noted on the Oslo Stock Exchange ( OSE ) .
The Australian National Imams Council ( ANIC ) was formed in 2006 during a meeting of more than 80 imams which had gathered to discuss the crisis created by comments made by Taj El - Din Hilaly .
Screaming Headless Torsos , also known as the Torsos or SHT is a genre - defying rock band formed in 1989 consisting of founding member and guitarist David Fiuczynski , vocalist Freedom Bremner , bassist David Ginyard , percussionist Daniel Sadownick , and the alternating drum chair of Gene Lake , Skoota Warner and James `` Biscuit '' Rouse .
The Matubhum Party ( Thai : พรรคมาตุภูมิ , Phak Matubhum , English : Motherland Party ) is a minor political party in Thailand , founded in November 2008 .
The Evergreen Symphony Orchestra ( ESO ; Chinese : 長榮交響樂團 ; pinyin : Chángróng Jiāoxiǎng Yuètuán ) is a Taiwanese orchestra founded by Chang Yung - Fa Foundation of Evergreen Group in 2001 .
Indecent Obsession ( also seen as Obsession ) were an Australian pop rock band formed early in 1987 in Brisbane with founding mainstays Daryl Sims on drums and Michael Szumowski on keyboards .
Since its founding in 1997 , MediaTek has been creating chipset solutions for the global market .
Automatika was started by two Carnegie Mellon University graduates in 1995 .
A.P.C. is a French ready - to - wear brand , founded in 1987 by the Tunisian Jewish fashion designer Jean Touitou in Paris .
VM Motori was founded by two entrepreneurs , Claudio Vancini and Ugo Martelli ( hence the `` VM '' ) in 1947 .
Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College ( MSEC ) ( Tamil:மீனாட்சி சுந்தரராஜன் பொறியியல் கல்லூரி ) is an engineering college in Kodambakkam , Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India and it is founded in 2001 .
The Dame Kelly Holmes Trust is a charity that was set up in 2008 by double Olympic champion , Dame Kelly Holmes , and supports athletes as they transition from sport , and uses their skills and experience to transform the lives of disadvantaged young people through mentoring programmes .
Fools Garden is a German musical group , formed in 1991 under the name Fool 's Garden , comprising singer Peter Freudenthaler , guitarist Volker Hinkel , bassist Thomas Mangold , keyboardist Roland Röhl and drummer Ralf Wochele .
In 1967 , the Maruki Gallery for the Hiroshima Panels , was established in Higashi - Matsuyama , Saitama , Japan , as a permanent home for The Hiroshima Panels .
On November 14 , 2006 , Direct Air announced nonstop service from Myrtle Beach to Newark , Niagara Falls , and Plattsburgh , New York .
Chuvanskoye was founded in 1930 as a collective farm , which was reorganised in the 1940s as the Chuvanskoye Kolkhoz `` Znamya Sovetov '' ( although other sources suggest the village was not formally established until 1951 ) .
Psychotica are an American industrial band , formed in 1994 by Pat Briggs and Tommy Salmorin with a band consisting of Paul Kostabi , cellist Enrique Tiru Velez , backing vocalist Reeka , and drummer Buz .
Eshkol Academy was an all - boys Orthodox Jewish day school in Maryland that existed from fall 2002 to 2004 .
It was established on 30 October 2004 under the name Macedonian Alliance for European Integration and was registered as a political party on 8 June 2005 .
Electric Magma was formed between 2000 - 2001 by Tryg Smith , Tim Reesor and Tom Brouard .
Steve Orenstein founded Wicked Pictures in 1993 , with help from Brad and Cynthia Willis , after developing an interest in creative aspects of film production while a partner in his previous adult company , X - Citement Video .
Cathedrals & Cars are an English alternative rock band formed in 2011 .
Guardly was founded in 2010 by Josh Sookman , the company 's current CEO .
OneScreen was founded in 2009 by CEO Atul Patel , who was also a founding member of Optimal Inc , LeadiD , and LeadROI .
Introduced in 1892 by wholesale grocer Joel Owsley Cheek ( 1852 - 1935 ) , it was named in honor of the Maxwell House Hotel in Nashville , Tennessee .
Solovair is a brand of British - made boots and footwear , produced by NPS Shoes Ltd. , which was established in 1881 .
Re - Volts EP ( 2007 )
KBTE signed on the air as KDOA in 1988 .
The Oyster Bay Main Street Association is a 501(c)(3 ) not - for - profit organization founded in 2001 .
Anghami is the first legal music streaming platform and digital distribution company in the MENA region launched in November 2012 providing unlimited Arabic and International music to stream and download for offline mode .
Satalyst Verve Racing Team is an Australian UCI Continental cycling team established in 2015 .
Alien Crime Syndicate , often abbreviated to ACS , were a rock band formed in San Francisco , California , in 1997 .
Helicon Records ( Hebrew : הליקון‎ ) is a record label which was founded in Israel in 1985 .
The University of Akureyri ( Icelandic : Háskólinn á Akureyri ) was founded on September 5 , 1987 , in the city of Akureyri in the northeastern part of Iceland .
Established in March 2007 , WCRX - LP broadcasts a community radio jazz music format to the greater Columbus , Ohio , area .
Oknoplast is a Polish multinational company established in 1994 in Kraków that manufactures PVC windows , window components , doors , aluminium products and roller shutters .
Bandmembers Darren Richard and Charles Kim first met at Vanderbilt University , and began playing music on the Nashville club scene starting in 1990 ; in 1994 they moved to Chicago and formed Pinetop Seven .
Music of Life is a British independent dance music label formed in 1986 by two influential DJ remixers , Froggy and Simon Harris , managed by Chris France .
Arizona State University was established as the Territorial Normal School at Tempe on March 12 , 1885 , when the 13th Arizona Territorial Legislature passed an act to create a normal school to train teachers for the Arizona Territory .
The Museum of Fine Arts Bern ( German : Kunstmuseum Bern ) , established in 1879 in Bern , is the oldest art museum in Switzerland with a permanent collection .
Braskem was formed in 2002 , already Latin America 's leading petrochemical company , with industrial units and offices in Brazil , as well as commercial bases in the United States and Argentina .
Icarus the Owl is an American alternative rock band based in Portland , Oregon formed in 2009 .
Otokar began business in 1963 as Turkey 's first intercity bus manufacturing company under the license of Magirus Deutz of Istanbul .
Sitrick and Company is a Los Angeles - based public relations firm started by Mike Sitrick in 1989 .
Streetlight Manifesto is an American ska punk band from New Brunswick , New Jersey formed in 2002 .
The Adventures were a Northern Irish rock band , formed in Belfast in 1984 .
Shinhwa ( Hangul : 신화 ; hanja : 神話 ) is a South Korean six - member boy band that debuted on 24 March 1998 with :
The FilmArtFestival Mecklenburg - Pomerania in Schwerin ( German : filmkunstfest Mecklenburg - Vorpommern ) , founded in 1991 -- just after the fall of the wall -- is today one of East Germany 's largest film festivals with more than 17,000 visitors .
É o Tchan ! is a popular pagode band from Salvador , Bahia , Brazil that started in 1992 .
Since 1988 , Austal has designed and constructed over 250 vessels for navies , defense forces and commercial fleet operators around the world , including the United States Navy and the Royal Australian Navy .
Capital City Academy was built to replace its predecessor Willesden High School , with its construction on the old school 's playing fields opening in 2003 .
Codeine Velvet Club was a Scottish alternative rock band formed in 2008 by Lou Hickey and Jon Lawler , aka Jon Fratelli from The Fratellis .
LucasVarity plc was a UK automotive parts manufacturer , created by a merger of the British Lucas Industries plc , and the North American Varity Corporation in August 1996 .
Sony Movie Channel is an American television channel that was launched on October 1 , 2010 .
Pull Tiger Tail ( often abbreviated to PTT ) were an indie rock band based in London and originating from Stratford - upon - Avon and Edinburgh ; they formed in 2006 while attending Goldsmiths College .
Rainbow and Greens ( 虹と緑 , Niji to Midori ) , was a Green political organization in Japan from 1998 - -2008 .
Cheeky Records was founded in 1991 by the producer / remixer Rollo Armstrong , the brother of Dido , notable for being a member of Faithless .
Anaheim Sports , Inc. , formerly ' Disney Sports Enterprises , Inc. ( DSE ) , was a fully owned subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company based in Anaheim , California and created in 1992 as the ownership group for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim professional hockey team .
Fiji Water was started in 1996 by a Canadian businessman named David Gilmour , the company originally called Nature 's Best .
Half Note Records is a jazz record label founded by the Blue Note Jazz Club in 1998 .
The New York City Fire Museum is located in the former quarters of FDNY Engine Company No . 30 , a renovated 1904 fire house at 278 Spring Street between Varick and Hudson Streets in the Hudson Square neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Clifford Chance was formed in 1987 by the merger of two London - based law firms , Clifford Turner and Coward Chance .
Sony Pictures Family Entertainment Group ( also known as Sony Family Entertainment Group ) is an American and global company that was established in February 1999 by Sony Pictures Entertainment that handles all of the family programs and films by Sony Pictures .
The first Creamfields was held at The Matterley Bowl in Winchester on May 2/3 , in 1998 .
The company was founded in 1906 as the `` New Balance Arch Support Company '' and is one of the world 's major sports footwear manufacturers .
Best Fwends EP ( 2004 , Moshi Moshi ) EP 2 ( 2006 , Moshi Moshi )
Mercury Marine , founded in 1939 as Kiekhaefer Mercury , is a division of the Brunswick Corporation .
Maylene and the Sons of Disaster is an American Southern heavy metal band formed in 2004 in Birmingham , Alabama .
The American Jewish Historical Society ( AJHS ) was founded in 1892 with the mission to foster awareness and appreciation of the American Jewish heritage and to serve as a national scholarly resource for research through the collection , preservation and dissemination of materials relating to American Jewish history .
The Cameroonian American Chamber of Commerce ( CAMAM ) is an NGO founded in 2014 with the aim of advocating for private sector development in Cameroon by promoting the active engagement of the diaspora in the United States , as well as generating awareness about investment opportunities in Cameroon .
Sunovion Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( former NASDAQ : SEPR ) , known until October 12 , 2010 as Sepracor , Inc. prior to its acquisition by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma of Japan , is a pharmaceutical company founded in 1984 by Timothy J. Barberich , Steve Matson , and Bob Bratzler .
Associació Club Penya Encarnada d'Andorra was founded in 2009 as a cultural association for the promotion of football and sport in the parish of Andorra la Vella in defense of the name and honor of the House of Benfica .
Opening in 1993 with full - scale construction extending back to 1986 , Shanghai Metro is the third oldest rapid transit system in mainland China , after the Beijing Subway and the Tianjin Metro .
Unpakt founded in November 2010 after observing the complicated process of searching for a moving company .
The Section 108 Study Group was a select committee of copyright experts , convened in 2005 by the Library of Congress ' Copyright Office , and charged with updating for the digital world the United States Copyright Act 's balance between the rights of creators and copyright owners and the needs of libraries and archives .
On Friday 5 August 2011 , Keystone Bank Limited was issued a commercial banking license by the Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) .
The Social Progress Imperative is a US - based nonprofit created in 2012 best known for the Social Progress Index , a multi - indicator index that assesses the social and environmental performance of different countries .
Port Elizabeth was founded as a town in 1820 to house British settlers as a way of strengthening the border region between the Cape Colony and the Xhosa .
The Labor Heritage Foundation began presenting the Joe Hill Award in 1989 .
The Baltimore Steam Packet Company , nicknamed the Old Bay Line , was an American steamship line from 1840 to 1962 that provided overnight steamboat service on the Chesapeake Bay , primarily between Baltimore , Maryland , and Norfolk , Virginia .
The Abortion Rights Coalition of Canada ( ARCC ) is a Canadian pro - choice organization which was founded in 2005 .
The roots of Ameristar Casinos date to 1954 when `` Cactus Pete '' Piersanti opened Cactus Petes Desert Lodge on U.S. Route 93 just south of the Idaho border in Elko County .
Little Joy is a Brazilian / American rock supergroup formed in 2007 by Los Hermanos singer / guitarist Rodrigo Amarante , the Strokes drummer Fabrizio Moretti , and Binki Shapiro .
Australia 21 is a non - profit organisation started in Canberra in 2001 .
The Guild of One - Name Studies is a UK - based charitable organisation founded in 1979 for one - name studies .
Link TV was launched as a daily , 24-hour non - commercial network in 1999 .
TenneT was formed in 1998 when the Dutch electricity industry was liberalised , and was incorporated as a business in 2001 with the passing of the Electricity Production Sector Transition Act .
The Olympus E-1 , introduced in 2003 , was the first DSLR system camera designed from the ground up for digital photography This contrasts with its contemporaries which offered systems based on reused parts from previous 135 film systems , modified to fit with a sensor size of APS - C.
Talley Dunn Gallery , formerly the Dunn and Brown Contemporary ( 1999 - -2011 ) , is a commercial art gallery located on 5020 Tracy Street Dallas , Texas that shows emerging to established artists .
The Croatian Cricket Federation is Croatia 's representative at the International Cricket Council as an affiliate member since 2001 .
FK Jelgava has played since their foundation in 2004 in the 1 .
The 9/11 Family Steering Committee was an organization of twelve relatives of victims of the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center .
Perfecto Records is a United Kingdom based trance record label , founded by Paul Oakenfold in 1989 .
Launching in December 1994 , Sega Channel was provided to the public by TCI and Time Warner Cable through cable television services by way of coaxial cable .
The Māori Television Service is a state sector organisation in New Zealand that was established on 7 May 2003 under the Māori Television Service ( Te Aratuku Whakāta Irirangi Māori ) Act 2003 to replace the Te Reo Māori Television Trust ( Te Awhiorangi ) .
The People 's Front of Liberation Tigers ( Tamil : விடுதலைப் புலிகள் மக்கள் முன்னணி ) is a political party in Sri Lanka , founded as the political wing of the LTTE in 1989 .
The Royal Architectural Institute of Canada ( RAIC ) , also known since 2012 as Architecture Canada , is a Canadian association , founded in 1907 , that represents over 3,600 Canadian architects and faculty and graduates of Canadian schools of architecture .
Dragony was founded in 2007 by guitarist Daniel Stockinger and lead vocalist Siegfried Samer .
The Church of England Zenana Missionary Society ( CEZMS ; founded 1880 ) , also known as the Church of England Zenana Mission , was a British Anglican Christian missionary society established to spread Christianity in India .
The German publishing company `` Bibliographisches Institut '' was founded 1826 in Gotha by Joseph Meyer , moved 1828 to Hildburghausen and 1874 to Leipzig .
Vattenfall ( then called Kungliga Vattenfallsstyrelsen / Royal Waterfall Board ) was founded in 1909 as a state - owned enterprise in Sweden .
Mayors for Peace is an international organization of cities dedicated to the promotion of peace that was established in 1982 at the initiative of then Mayor of Hiroshima Takeshi Araki , in response to the deaths of around 140,000 people due to the atomic bombing of the city on August 6 , 1945 .
The East of England Regiment ( EER ) was the infantry unit of the Territorial Army of the East Midlands and East Anglia from 1 July 1999 to 1 April 2006 .
The Ibsen Centennial Commemoration Award ( Norwegian : Ibsenstatuetten ) was awarded by the Government of Norway in commemoration of playwright Henrik Ibsen on the occasion of the 2006 Ibsen Year , the 100th anniversary of Ibsen 's death .
In 1989 Flint Academy High School closed and the school merged with Southwestern to become Flint Southwestern Academy .
They went through a variety of names before settling on Bloc Party in 2003 .
Wellbody Alliance was founded in 2006 by Dr. Bailor Barrie , a recent graduate of The University of Sierra Leone 's medical school in Freetown , and Dr. Dan Kelly , a medical student from Princeton University .
Milk Kan is a musical duo from south London , England , formed in 2003 .
Established in 1999 the Gulf Coast Film Festival features independent films from local , regional and international artists in various categories ranging from short films to documentaries .
Splashpower Ltd. was a United Kingdom - based company founded in June 2001 .
Holy Spirit College was founded in 2005 as an undergraduate college offering courses in the Liberal Arts to students of Holy Spirit Preparatory School .
Liberty Interactive was originally a division of Liberty Media ; on September 28 , 1998 , Liberty Media announced the formation of Liberty Interactive , a division which would take advantage of new technologies such as set - top boxes to develop interactive programming .
The Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria , also known as Austrian Poland , was a crownland of the Habsburg Monarchy since the First Partition of Poland in 1772 , when it became a Kingdom under Habsburg rule .
MCST ( Russian : МЦСТ , accoryme for Moscow Center of SPARC Technologies ) is a microprocessor company that was set up in the 1992 .
Schocken Books ( Schocken Verlag ) is a publishing company that was established in Berlin with a publishing office in Prague in 1931 by the Schocken Department Store owner Salman Schocken .
Coming together in 1998 , Mars Ill has released several albums and EPs through independent record labels and two albums on Gotee Records .
The Zimbabwe National Paralympic Committee was only officially launched and registered in 2010 .
Executive Outcomes was a private military company ( PMC ) founded in South Africa by former Lieutenant - Colonel of the South African Defence Force Eeben Barlow in 1989 .
A Soncin raced by Henri François Béconnais set the 1 km speed record ( 48 seconds ) on September 21 , 1899 at Achères , and the speed record of 91.8 km / h ( 57.0 mph ) driving a Soncin at the `` Semaine de Nice '' on March 30 , 1900 .
Infoseek was a popular search engine founded in 1994 by Steve Kirsch .
The Permanent Joint Headquarters was established in April 1996 to enhance the operational effectiveness and efficiency of UK - led joint , potentially joint and multi - national operations , and to exercise operational command of UK forces assigned to multinational operations led by others .
The Sulzbacher Center signed a 25-year lease of the property in 1995 .
Founded in 1883 , the University of Sioux Falls is a Christian liberal arts university located in Sioux Falls , in the U.S. state of South Dakota .
Mahanadi Coalfields Limited was carved out of South Eastern Coalfields Limited in 1992 with its headquarters at Sambalpur .
The American Colonization Society ( ACS ; in full , The Society for the Colonization of Free People of Color of America ) , established in 1816 by Robert Finley of New Jersey , was founded by groups otherwise opposed to each other on the issue of slavery .
The Pole of Good Government ( Italian : Polo del Buon Governo ) was a centre - right political and electoral alliance in Italy , launched at the 1994 general election by Silvio Berlusconi .
Osvajači were originally formed in 1990 .
Gazikumukh Khanate was a Lak state that was established in present - day Dagestan after the disintegration of Gazikumukh Shamkhalate in 1642 .
FenCon was held September 24 - -26 , 2004 , at the Holiday Inn Select North Dallas in Farmers Branch , Texas .
The Liberal Democrats were formed on 3 March 1988 by a merger between the Liberal Party and the Social Democratic Party , which had formed a pact nearly seven years earlier as the SDP--
Voice Male formed at Utah State University in 1994 as a nine man group , Over the next two years several members of the group left , and auditions were held for replacements .
Begun in the 1970s in Los Angeles as the mail - order business Accoutrements , in 1983 it opened a retail outlet dubbed `` Archie McPhee '' after Pahlow 's wife 's great - uncle .
The Throwdowns is an American pop - island - reggae - dance band from Maui , Hawaii , formed in 2009 .
The Glengarry Bhoys , founded in 1998 , is a Celtic fusion band blending traditional Scottish and Irish music with modern Celtic and contemporary sounds .
Hadag Nahash ( Hebrew : הדג נחש‎ ha - Dag Naḥash ) is an Israeli hip hop / funk band , founded in 1996 in Jerusalem .
Mannequin Depressives are a Canadian synthpop group formed in 1998 in Calgary .
The Birds of Satan are an American progressive / hard rock group , assembled in the spring of 2014 as a side - project led by Taylor Hawkins of the Foo Fighters .
Wessex Mills Group is a small non - profit society formed in June 2003 to act as a centre for the wind and watermill heritage of the counties of Devon , Dorset , Somerset and Wiltshire in the United Kingdom .
Mixcloud was founded as a startup company through the lean startup process in 2008 by Nikhil Shah and Nico Perez , who met at the University of Cambridge .
Ontario Hydro , established in 1906 as the Hydro - Electric Power Commission of Ontario , was a publicly owned electricity utility in the Province of Ontario .
The Editions Librisme is a publishing association founded in 2005 by Swiss publisher and business lawyer Louise Bonadio .
The Abbey National Building Society was formed following the merger in 1944 of what had become Abbey Road Building Society ( already the second largest ) and National Building Society ( at the time the sixth largest ) .
Hooverphonic is a Belgian band that formed in October 1995 .
Klocwork was founded in 2001 as a spin - out of Nortel Networks and has over 1,000 customers who use its software development tools .
The Royal Nordic Society of Antiquaries ( Danish : Det Kongelige Nordiske Oldskriftselskab ; Icelandic : Hið konunglega norræna fornfræðafélag ) was founded in Denmark on 28 January 1825 by among others Carl Christian Rafn and Rasmus Rask .
IP Payments was founded in 2004 by Jamie Collins , Mark Lewis and Anthony Fulton .
HIM International Music ( 華研國際音樂股份有限公司 ) is a Taiwanese independent record label and artist management company established in 1999 .
The Pew Charitable Trusts is an independent non - profit , non - governmental organization ( NGO ) , founded in 1948 .
Information Technology High School opened in 2003 and graduated its first class in 2007 .
By Light was founded in 2002 by a group of telecommunications industry veterans .
The People 's Library , also known as Fort Patti or the Occupy Wall Street Library ( OWS Library ) , was a library founded in September 2011 by Occupy Wall Street protesters in lower Manhattan 's Zuccotti Park located in the Financial District of New York City .
The Congress for Cultural Freedom ( CCF ) was an anti - communist advocacy group founded in 1950 .
EHNAC was founded in 1993 and is a federally - recognized and tax - exempt , 501(c)(6 ) non - profit accrediting body with the end purpose of improving transactional quality , operational efficiency and data security in healthcare .
Internationales Jazzfestival Sankt Ingbert is a jazz festival in Sankt Ingbert , Germany , happening yearly since 1987 .
Kazakhstan was the last of the Soviet republics to declare independence following the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
Tersivel is an Argentine Pagan metal band from Buenos Aires , formed in 2004 .
HD Mining International is a Vancouver , BC based mining company and linked to Murray River Project , a longwall coal mine in Peace River Country near Tumbler Ridge , BC . HD Mining was registered as BC enterprise in 2011 and based out of Vancouver .
The Association of Free Democrats ( German : Bund Freier Demokraten ) was a liberal coalition formed in East Germany on 12 February 1990 .
Air Armament Center on 1 October 1998 Inactivated on 1 October 2012
The National University Hospital ( Abbreviation : NUH ; Chinese : 国立大学医院 ; Malay : Hospital Universiti Nasional Singapura ) was established in 1985 and it serves as a tertiary hospital , clinical training centre and research centre for the medical and dental faculties of the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) .
NSTG Aussig was formed through the 1939 union of a number of smaller local sides around the core of Deutscher Fußballklub Aussig .
The Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz is a non - profit music education organization co - founded in 1986 by Thelonious Monk III , the son of the late American jazz musician Thelonious Monk , opera singer Maria Fisher and jazz musician Clark Terry .
Pop Culture Press Records is an indie label started in 2013 funded with an Indiegogo campaign .
Jade Cargo International was established in October 2004 and was co - owned by Shenzhen Airlines , which had a 51 % stake , Lufthansa Cargo with 25 % and DEG --
The race was introduced in 1997 as the O2 Prague Grand Prix , and is a part of the RunCzech running circuit .
Thrush Hermit was formed in Halifax , Nova Scotia in 1992 by Joel Plaskett ( vocals , guitar ) , Rob Benvie ( vocals , guitar ) , Ian McGettigan ( vocals , bass ) , and Michael Catano ( drums ) .
AmpleBosom.com is a UK based online and mail order bra , lingerie , swimwear , nightwear and clothing retailer founded in 1999 by Sally Robinson , based on a family run farm in Old Byland , North Yorkshire .
The Department of Transportation Distinguished Service Medal was established by Executive Order 12824 signed by President George H. W. Bush on December 7 , 1992 .
The Columbia City Jazz Dance Company ( CCJC ) was formed in 1990 by artistic director Dale Lam and was named one of the `` Top 50 Dance Companies in the USA '' by Dance Spirit magazine for the 2002/2003 season .
Sterling EQ was formed in 2007 , and is led by flautist Carina Bruwer , who is also an ex - professional open water swimmer , who holds some South African and international records .
Harvest Records is a major record label belonging to Capitol Music Group , originally created by EMI , active from 1969 to present .
The Rainbirds are a German Pop rock band established in 1986 around the singer Katharina Franck .
The Natalia Republic was a short - lived Boer republic , established in 1839 by local Afrikaans - speaking Voortrekkers shortly after the Battle of Blood River .
The McCall Outdoor Science School was founded in 2001 by Dr. Steve Hollenhorst of the University of Idaho College of Natural Resources and Greg Fizzell of the Palouse - Clearwater Environmental Institute .
The Incredible Penguins were an Australian supergroup formed in 1985 , which reached the top ten on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart with their cover of `` Happy Xmas ( War Is Over ) '' in December .
The club was formed in 2003 under the name KK Vizura .
Laboratoires Expanscience was created in 1950 by Paul Berthomé and Claude Guillon and is a pharmaceutical laboratory specializing in dermo - cosmetics , rheumatology , dental health , dermatology and the marketing of active cosmetic ingredients .
Darkane is a Swedish extreme metal band that originated in Helsingborg in 1998 .
The Basin Street Six was a Dixieland sextet founded in 1950 in New Orleans that had some famous members , including George Girard , Roy Zimmerman , Pete Fountain , Joe Rotis and Charlie Duke among others . They recorded for various record companies , including Mercury Records and 504 Records .
Career Suicide is a Canadian hardcore punk band formed in 2001 in Toronto .
WNPL signed on in 2009 to improve coverage for WPTK ( which at the time was affiliated with Fox Sports Radio ) in the southern end of the market .
Following the successful career of Ernst Heinkel as the chief designer for the Hansa - Brandenburg aviation firm in World War I , Herr Heinkel 's own firm was established at Warnemünde in 1922 , after the restrictions on German aviation imposed by the Treaty of Versailles were relaxed .
AMSAT - NA was founded in 1969 in Washington , D.C. to continue the efforts begun by Project OSCAR .
Night Slugs is an English electronic music record label , established in 2010 by Alex Sushon ( also known as Bok Bok ) and James Connolly ( also known as L - Vis 1990 ) .
CoverGirl 's first product line , Clean Makeup , launched in 1961 .
ParkWhiz was founded in 2006 by Aashish Dalal ( current CEO ) and Jon Thornton .
Ability Group is a British property company founded in 1996 by Andreas Panayiotou .
ASV Zirndorf was formed on 16 April 1946 when five local clubs , TSV 1861 Zirndorf , 1 .
Le Musée d'Art Moderne de Céret is a modern art museum in Céret , Pyrénées - Orientales , France , created by Pierre Brune and Frank Burty Haviland in 1950 with the personal support of their friends Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse who were involved in its creation .
The Darul Iman Charitable Association accepted the Zanzibar government request , and Zanzibar University was officially opened in April 1998 .
With the escalation of the Sri Lankan Civil War and increased threat to naval bases that where lunching pads for naval operations to curb LTTE sea movements , the Vice Admiral Ananda Silva , the Commander of the Navy instituted the formation of the Naval Patrolmen Branch in 1987 to carry out operations on land .
Telenor started off in 1855 as a state - operated monopoly provider of telegraph services named Telegrafverket .
Oxegen 2013 was the ninth Oxegen festival to take place since 2004 .
Opened by Denise Whiting in 1992 , Cafe Hon takes its name from a common term of endearment ( `` hon '' - an abbreviated version of the word `` honey '' ) used by Baltimore residents for years .
Allied Command Transformation ( ACT ; French : Le Commandement allié Transformation ) is a NATO military command , which was formed in 2003 after North Atlantic Treaty Organisation restructuring .
La Hermana del Hombre Bóveda was hollow cast in a multi - part mold in Madrid in 1963 .
The Comic Book Legal Defense Fund ( CBLDF ) is an American non - profit organization formed in 1986 to protect the First Amendment rights of comics creators , publishers , and retailers covering legal expenses .
The National Catholic Institute of Theology ( NCIT ) was established in Karachi , Pakistan in September 1997 .
UI Energy Corporation is a Korean company founded in 1987 ( formerly known as Gong Young Multi System ) .
In 1998 Lucas founded his own production company , Lucas Entertainment , with money he earned from working as a male escort .
Corgi Classics Limited is a famous die - cast model manufacturer which has its origins in the Corgi Toys brand introduced by Mettoy in 1956 .
The company was established in 1967 as the Forth Ports Authority .
Brit Insurance Design Awards , established in 2003 by the Design Museum in London , is the United Kingdom 's pre - eminent design award with a £ 25,000 prize .
Shohortoli is a Bangladeshi Theatrical Rock ( Band 's signature genre ) & Psychedelic rock music band formed on 6 October 2005 .
The Orthopedic Specialty Hospital ( TOSH ) was founded in 1991 and is a 100,000-square - foot ( 9,300 m2 ) facility located in Murray , Utah , United States , at the former Intermountain Healthcare Cottonwood Hospital location .
Vadodara Innovation Council started functioning in May-2011 under the leadership of technocrat Dr. Madhu Mehta .
DashCon was originally announced in mid-2013 under the name Tumbl - Con USA ; the convention catered to users of the blogging platform Tumblr , and was touted as the `` largest gathering of Tumblr users to date '' .
+ + History of Musalaha + + Musalaha was founded in 1990 , when unity among Israeli and Palestinian believers was especially lacking due to the First Intifada .
Air Alsace began as an air taxi operation based in Colmar in 1962 .
The Beijing Pop Festival ( Chinese : 北京流行音乐节 ; pinyin : Běijīng Liúxíng Yīnyuè Jié ) is a rock music festival held in Beijing , China 's Chaoyang Park each September since 2005 .
The Flint Bulldogs were a professional hockey team in Flint , Michigan from 1991 - -1993 .
Alzheimer Disease International ( ADI ) , was founded in 1984 to help to fight Alzheimer 's disease , first diagnosed back in 1906 .
The Toronto Predators joined the GMHL as an expansion franchise in February of 2013 .
Take Flight , LLC is a clothing brand founded in 2008 in Portland , Oregon that makes custom apparel for fans and practitioners of Parkour all around the world .
The Computer Arts Society ( CAS ) was founded in 1968 , in order to encourage the creative use of computers in the arts .
Christ on Parade was a mid - late 1980s San Francisco East Bay political hardcore punk band , formed in 1985 by ex - members of Teenage Warning and peace punks Treason .
Count Magnus Gabriel De la Gardie ( 15 October 1622 -- 26 April 1686 ) was a Swedish statesman and military man .
Albert Lamorisse ( French : ( lamɔʁis ) ; 13 January 1922 -- 2 June 1970 ) was a French filmmaker , film producer , and writer , who is best known for his award winning short films which he began making in the late 1940s , and also for inventing the famous strategic board game Risk in 1957 .
Jean - Pierre Morat ( 18 April 1846 -- 25 July 1920 ) was a French physiologist born in Saint - Sorlin , department Saône - et - Loire .
François - Xavier Gillot ( 12 September 1842 , Autun -- 8 October 1910 , Autun ) was a French physician , mycologist and botanist .
Rodolfo Celletti ( 1917 - -2004 ) was an Italian musicologist , critic , voice teacher , and novelist .
WDUL ( 970 AM ) is a radio station licensed in Superior , Wisconsin .
WQSE is a 1,000 watt class B AM radio station licensed to serve the community of White Bluff , Tennessee on a frequency of 1030 kHz .
WBZA is a rock station in Rochester , New York , broadcasting at 98.9 FM .
WAIM ( 1230 AM ) is a News / Talk radio station located in Anderson , South Carolina .
WIBN is an FM radio station licensed to the city of Earl Park , Indiana .
CHNI - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 88.9 FM in Saint John , New Brunswick owned by Newcap Radio .
WPVM - LP ( 103.7 FM ) is a non - commercial LPFM radio station located in Asheville , North Carolina licensed to the Mountain Area Information Network ( MAIN ) , a nonprofit Internet service provider founded in 1995 for a 14-county area of western North Carolina .
KHKM ( 98.7 FM , `` The Hawk '' ) is a commercial radio station licensed to Hamilton , Montana , and serves the Missoula , Montana area .
WBHZ ( 91.9 FM ) is a religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Elkins , West Virginia , serving Metro Elkins .
WIXO ( 105.7 FM , `` 105.7 The X '' ) is a radio station in Peoria , Illinois .
WOLT ( 103.3 FM , `` ALT 103.3 '' ) is an FM radio station in Indianapolis , Indiana .
WMXC ( 99.9 FM , `` Mix 99.9 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Mobile , Alabama , USA .
WYPM is licensed to Chambersburg , Pennsylvania , serving the Chambersburg / Greencastle area .
WANG ( 1330 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Standards / MOR format to the Havelock , North Carolina , USA area .
CKTP - FM is a Canadian radio station in Fredericton , New Brunswick which goes by the name of `` Rock ' n ' Blues 95.7 The Wolf '' .
KNXX ( 104.9 FM ) is a commercial radio station located in Donaldsonville , Louisiana , USA , broadcasting to the southern areas of the Baton Rouge area .
WFNZ ( 610 AM ) , also known as `` 610 AM The Fan '' , is a Sports Talk format radio station in Charlotte , North Carolina .
KFFG is an FM radio station licensed to Los Altos , California , broadcasting on 97.7 FM MHz . The 97.7 frequency simulcasts the programming of sister station KFOG .
KCAA is a commercial radio station located in Loma Linda , California , broadcasting to the Riverside - San Bernardino , California , area on 1050 AM with studios located in the Carousel Mall in San Bernardino , CA .
WXTG - FM is an Adult Album Alternative formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Virginia Beach , Virginia , serving the Southside of Hampton Roads .
WWNC ( 570 AM ) is a radio station in Asheville , North Carolina .
WYJB ( 95.5 FM , `` B95.5 '' ) is an adult contemporary ( with a slight lean towards Hot AC ) formatted radio station licensed to Albany , New York and serving New York 's Capital District as well as the surrounding areas , including the Adirondacks .
WPAW ( `` 93.1 the Wolf '' ) is a country music radio station licensed to Winston - Salem , North Carolina , and serving the Piedmont Triad region , which includes Greensboro and High Point .
WTVY - FM ( 95.5 FM ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Dothan , Alabama , United States .
KLQL ( 101.1 FM , `` K101 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a `` Real '' country music format , featuring Country music from the 70s , 80s , 90s and today , serving Luverne , Rock Rapids , and Worthington , with rimshot coverage in the Sioux Falls area .
WSTO ( 96.1 FM , `` Hot 96 '' ) is a heritage Top-40 radio station that serves the Evansville , Indiana , Owensboro , Kentucky , and Henderson , Kentucky markets .
CIRR - FM , branded as 103.9 Proud FM , is a radio station in Toronto , Ontario , licensed to serve the city 's gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender communities , launched in 2007 .
KRKX ( 94.1 FM ) is a commercial radio station in Billings , Montana .
WQPR ( 88.7 FM ) is an American non - commercial educational radio station licensed to Muscle Shoals , Alabama .
WDZ ( 1050 kHz ) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Decatur , Illinois .
WSRS ( 96.1 FM ; `` 96 - 1 SRS '' ) is an American commercial radio station licensed to Worcester , Massachusetts , and is owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
WRNJ Radio ( 1510 AM ) is a radio station in Hackettstown , New Jersey broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format .
WHJC is a Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Matewan , West Virginia , serving Matewan , Central Mingo County , West Virginia and Northeastern Pike County , Kentucky .
WVNN - FM ( 92.5 FM ) is a News / Talk formatted radio station in Trinity , Alabama .
CBY is a clear - channel station broadcasting at 990 kHz ( AM ) from Corner Brook , Newfoundland and Labrador , using a power of 10,000 watts .
CKHK - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a dayparted English / French combined soft adult contemporary / pop standards / instrumental easy listening format at 107.7 FM in Hawkesbury , Ontario .
WGCK - FM is a Contemporary Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Coeburn , Virginia , serving Dickenson and Wise counties in Virginia and Letcher County in Kentucky .
WSPD ( 1370 AM ) is a news - talk radio station licensed to Toledo , Ohio .
WMEJ is an daytime - only AM broadcasting station licensed for 5000 watts on 1190 kHz at Bay St. Louis , Mississippi in the Gulfport , Mississippi area .
KFMA ( 102.1 FM ) is commercial radio station located in Oro Valley , Arizona , broadcasting to the Tucson , Arizona area .
WGTD ( 91.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Kenosha , Wisconsin , serving the Racine / Kenosha area .
WDTT - LD is a low - powered television station that is licensed to and based in Knoxville , Tennessee , USA .
KFQD is a class A ( clear channel ) , AM and FM radio station in Anchorage , Alaska , operating on 750 kHz and 103.7 MHz . It is owned by Alpha Media LLC and broadcasts in a news / talk format .
WCLS ( 97.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Spencer , Indiana , USA , the station serves the Bloomington , Indiana area with a Classic Hits format .
WBZE , or `` Star 98.9 '' , is a bright adult contemporary radio station in the Tallahassee , Florida , market owned by Cumulus Licensing , LLC . Its studios are located in the westside of Tallahassee and its transmitter is based due north of downtown along I-10 .
WMFS - FM is a commercial sports radio radio station in Bartlett , Tennessee , broadcasting to the Memphis , Tennessee area on 92.9 FM , owned by Entercom Communications .
KIXI ( 880 AM ) is an AM radio station licensed to Mercer Island / Seattle , Washington on the frequency of 880 kHz .
WGAA AM 1340 is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format , and has Cedartown , Georgia , USA as its city of license .
WCOJ is a 5,000 watt AM radio station licensed to Coatesville , Pennsylvania consisting of a four - tower array broadcasting on 1420 kHz .
WYAI is a Christian radio station licensed to Scotia , New York and serving the Capital District and Mohawk Valley of New York .
WLJK ( 89.1 FM ) is a National Public Radio station licensed to Aiken , South Carolina .
CHAM is a Canadian radio station in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
WACQ ( 580 AM ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Tuskegee , Alabama .
CJPN - FM is a French - language Canadian radio station in Fredericton , New Brunswick , broadcasting at 90.5 MHz . The station signed on in 1997 from its studios at Le Centre Communautaire Sainte - Anne ( Fredericton ) .
KUNM is a public radio station broadcasting on FM 89.9 MHz from high atop Sandia Crest , with broadcasts originating from the third floor of Oñate Hall , on the campus of the University of New Mexico ( UNM ) in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
KLOL is a Spanish Pop radio station in Houston , Texas that is owned by CBS Radio .
KFIL - FM ( 103.1 FM , `` True Country '' ) is an American commercial radio station licensed to serve Chatfield , Minnesota .
WMNX is a Mainstream Urban formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Wilmington , North Carolina and serving the Wilmington Metro area .
KXLP ( 94.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Eagle Lake , Minnesota and serving the Mankato area and the Minnesota River Valley .
CHKT is a Canadian radio station , airing at 1430 AM in Toronto , Ontario .
WBCO ( 1540 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Bucyrus , Ohio .
WMBD - TV is the CBS - affiliated television station for North - Central Illinois that is licensed to Peoria .
CJMK - FM is a radio station serving Saskatoon , Saskatchewan .
KNRJ is licensed to Cordes Lakes , Arizona , which is 66 miles north of Phoenix .
WHMS - FM , 97.5 MHz , is a Soft Adult Contemporary formatted radio station in Champaign , Illinois .
WIVK - FM is an FM radio station broadcasting at 107.7 MHz near Knoxville , Tennessee , USA .
CFPL - FM , or FM96 , is a radio station owned by Corus Entertainment and based in London , Ontario , Canada that transmits at 179,000 watts at 95.9 MHz on the FM dial .
WODC is an adult hits FM radio station broadcasting on 93.3 MHz licensed to Ashville , Ohio , but is operated from Columbus , Ohio with other stations owned by iHeartMedia , Inc. ( it shares studios on the city 's west side ) .
WDBY ( 105.5 FM , `` Kicks 105 - 5 '' ) is an American country music radio station licensed to Patterson , New York .
KKPT ( 94.1 FM ) is an American commercial radio station located in Little Rock , Arkansas .
KQCH is the callsign for the Omaha , Nebraska - based Top 40 FM radio station `` Channel 94.1 '' .
CIXF - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Brooks , Alberta at 101.1 MHz FM .
WNRQ is an FM radio station in Nashville , Tennessee , broadcasting on a frequency of 105.9 MHz . It serves counties in northern middle Tennessee and southern central Kentucky .
WRVW is a radio station broadcasting on the FM band at 107.5 MHz , licensed to the city of Lebanon , Tennessee , but serving the nearby Nashville market .
KSLT ( 107.1 MHz ) known as `` Power 107.1 '' is a radio station licensed to Spearfish , South Dakota serving Rapid City , South Dakota and the surrounding region with a Christian contemporary format .
WDAI `` 985 Kiss FM '' is an urban contemporary radio station licensed to Pawleys Island , South Carolina and serves the Grand Strand area .
KDVS ( 90.3 FM ) is an American student and community radio station based in Davis , California .
CFEI - FM is a French language Canadian radio station located in Saint - Hyacinthe , Quebec , approximately 40 kilometres east of Montreal .
WXCL ( FM 104.9 ) is a country music radio station licensed to Pekin , Illinois and owned by Alpha Media .
CJCY - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting at 102.1 FM in Medicine Hat , Alberta and broadcasts throughout South - eastern Alberta and South - western Saskatchewan .
KSCS ( 96.3 MHz ) is an FM station which serves the Dallas / Fort Worth metroplex in Texas .
WGY - FM is a news - talk radio station licensed to Albany , New York that broadcasts at 103.1 FM ; the station broadcasts 24 hours a day at 5,600 watts ERP from a non - directional antenna in North Greenbush , New York located near U.S. Route 4 .
The TRS-80 Micro Computer System ( TRS-80 ; later known as the Model I to distinguish it from successors ) is a desktop microcomputer launched in 1977 and sold by Tandy Corporation through their Radio Shack stores .
Lilt is a brand of soft drink manufactured by The Coca - Cola Company and sold in the United Kingdom , Ireland , Gibraltar and the Seychelles only .
The Triumph Rocket III is a three cylinder motorcycle made by Triumph Motorcycles Ltd. At 2,294 cc ( 140.0 cu in ) it had the largest displacement engine of any mass production motorcycle , as of September 2010 .
The creator of Sound Blaster is the Singapore - based firm Creative Technology Limited , also known by the name of its United States subsidiary , Creative Labs .
SS Delphic was an ocean liner of the White Star Line , built by Harland and Wolff and completed on 15 May 1897 .
Kodak EasyShare is a sub brand of Eastman Kodak Company products identifying a consumer photography system of digital cameras , snapshot thermal printers , snapshot thermal printer docks , all - in - one inkjet printers , accessories , camera docks , software , and online print services .
The Commodore Plus/4 is a home computer released by Commodore International in 1984 .
The Hyundai Trago ( hangul:현대 트라고 ) is a line of heavy - duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company in luxury commercial vehicle .
The HTC Desire S ( codenamed Saga ) is a smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC Corporation that runs the Android operating system .
The ALFA 24 HP is 4.1-litre four - cylinder passenger car , the first model produced by Italian car manufacturer ALFA ( Anonima Lombarda Fabbrica Automobili ) , which in 1919 would become Alfa Romeo .
The Wii U ( /ˌwiː ˈjuː/ WEE EW ) is a home video game console created by Nintendo and the successor to the Wii .
The Lada Granta ( Russian : Ла́да Гра́нта ) is a subcompact car developed by the Russian automaker AvtoVAZ in collaboration with Renault , based on the Lada Kalina platform .
Kola Real is one of the most popular brands of Ajegroup , a leader in the Latin American beverage market .
The Sigma DP2 is a high - end compact digital camera introduced by the Sigma Corporation .
The Mazda Bongo , also known as Mazda E - Series , Mazda Access , and the Ford Econovan , is a van manufactured by the Japanese manufacturer Mazda since 1966 .
The Armstrong Whitworth Argosy was a British post - war military transport / cargo aircraft and was the last aircraft produced by Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft .
The WAGR S class was a class of 4 - 8 - 2 steam locomotives built by the Midland Railway Workshops between 1943 and 1947 and operated by the Western Australian Government Railways ( WAGR ) .
Austin - Healey was a British sports car maker established in 1952 through a joint venture between the Austin division of the British Motor Corporation ( BMC ) and the Donald Healey Motor Company ( Healey ) , a renowned automotive engineering and design firm .
A launching platform that can be installed on armoured fighting vehicles has been developed by Norinco for use as an HJ-8 launching platform , the SW-1 one - man turret .
Between November 2005 and March 2006 , the Mercedes - Benz Museum , built over the original site of DMG Stuttgart - Untertürkheim factory of 100 years ago , exhibits 13 original Mercedes Simplex units .
Built in the United States by Aerojet Rocketdyne ( formerly by Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne ) , the RL10 burns cryogenic liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants , with each engine producing 64.7 to 110 kN ( 14,545 - -24,729 lbf ) of thrust in vacuum depending on the version in use .
The Atari ST is a line of home computers from Atari Corporation and the successor to the Atari 8-bit family .
The Kahr P series is a product line of double action only ( DAO ) hammerless , striker - fired , short recoil operated , semi - automatic pistols manufactured by Kahr Arms .
A Wing Coaster is a type of steel roller coaster manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard where pairs of riders sit on either side of a roller coaster track in which nothing is above or below the riders .
The Range Rover Sport is a Land Rover mid - size luxury sport utility vehicle ( SUV ) produced in the United Kingdom by Jaguar Land Rover , a subsidiary of Tata Motors .
The Mercedes - Benz Cito ( coded as O520 ) was a low - floor midibus built by EvoBus for Continental Europe between 1999 and 2003 .
The Sinclair ZX80 is a home computer brought to market in 1980 by Science of Cambridge Ltd. ( later to be better known as Sinclair Research ) .
Alcotán-100 is a recoilless , one - man portable , single - use anti - tank rocket launcher used by infantry , manufactured by Instalaza .
The Volkswagen Taigun is a new subcompact crossover SUV to be unveiled by the Volkswagen Group for the 2016 model year .
The Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle ( Hindi : ध्रुवीय उपग्रह प्रक्षेपण यान ) , commonly known by its abbreviation PSLV , is an expendable launch system developed and operated by the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) .
The Ascari A410 was a Le Mans Prototype built by Ascari Cars in 2000 .
Developed by Philco - Ford in the late 1960s , the LOCAT rocket was intended to be a high - speed , low - cost expendable target rocket for use in the air defense training role , being used in training exercises for anti - aircraft gunners and missile operators by the U.S. Army .
The Brabus E V12 is a tuned Mercedes - Benz E - Class made by Mercedes - Benz tuning company Brabus .
The Mitsubishi Nessie is a concept automobile co - developed by Italdesign Giugiaro , The Linde Group and Mitsubishi Motors , and exhibited at the 2005 Geneva Auto Show .
USAF hopes to replace the Rocketdyne RL10 engines used on the upper stage of both the Lockheed Martin Atlas V and the Boeing Delta IV , known as evolved expendable launch vehicles ( EELV ) that are the primary method of putting US satellites into space .
SS Cymric was a steamship of the White Star Line built by Harland and Wolff in Belfast and launched on 12 October 1897 .
Originally the RPG-7 ( Ручной Противотанковый Гранатомёт -- Ruchnoy Protivotankovyy Granatomyot , Hand - held anti - tank grenade launcher ) and its predecessor , the RPG-2 , was designed by the Soviet Union ; it is now manufactured by the Russian company Bazalt .
Makhan Lal Fotedar is a senior leader of the Indian National Congress party .
Yigal Bibi ( Hebrew : יגאל ביבי‎ , born 21 January 1942 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1988 and 2003 .
Janardan Dwivedi is an Indian politician of the Indian National Congress party .
Sir Arthur Fell ( 7 August 1850 -- 29 December 1934 ) was an English solicitor and Conservative Party politician .
Miguel Relvas rose through the ranks of Portugal 's Social Democratic Party ( PSD ) and of the Portuguese Government to become in 1985 :
Jacob Collard is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Perth Glory FC in the A - League .
Eleni Markou ( born 29 March 1995 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for FC PAOK . FC PAOK Winner Greek A Division ( 2 ) : 2012 - -13 , 2014 - -2015
Clayton Beddoes ( born November 10 , 1970 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played two seasons in the National Hockey League for the Boston Bruins from 1995 to 1997 .
Osmar Sigueira Rodrigues ( born 2 November 1988 in Diadema ) is a Brazilian footballer , who 's last known club was FK Standard Sumgayit in 2009 .
Aleksandrs Koļinko ( born 18 June 1975 ) is a Latvian professional footballer , currently playing for FK Spartaks Jūrmala and Latvia national football team .
James Charles Prevost ( 1810 - -1891 ) was an admiral in the British Royal Navy .
Vice Admiral Sir John Osler Chattock Hayes KCB OBE DL ( 9 May 1913 -- 7 September 1998 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Naval Secretary .
The United States Army Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps is one of four premier musical organizations of the United States Army .
The 109th Regiment of Foot ( Bombay Infantry ) was an infantry regiment of the British Army from 1862 to 1881 , when it was amalgamated into The Prince of Wales 's Leinster Regiment ( Royal Canadians ) .
Admiral Sir Thomas Hugh Binney KCB KCMG DSO ( 9 December 1883 -- 8 January 1953 ) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy and Governor of Tasmania from 1945 to 1951 .
Field Marshal Prince Bhanurangsi Savangwongse , The Prince Banubandhu Vongsevoradej ( 11 January 1859 -- 13 June 1928 ) ( Thai : สมเด็จพระเจ้าบรมวงศ์เธอ เจ้าฟ้าภาณุรังษีสว่างวงศ์ กรมพระยาภาณุพันธุวงศ์วรเดช ) was a son of HM King Mongkut of Siam and HM Queen Debsirindra .
Margaret of the Palatinate ( German : Margarete von der Pfalz ; 1376 -- 26 August 1434 , Einville - au - Jard ) was the daughter of Rupert of Germany and his wife Elisabeth of Nuremberg .
Prince Friedrich Christian of Schaumburg - Lippe ( 5 June 1906 -- 20 September 1983 ) was a younger son of Georg , Prince of Schaumburg - Lippe and his consort Princess Marie Anne of Saxe - Altenburg .
Philip William , Prince of Orange ( 19 December 1554 , Buren , Gelderland -- 20 February 1618 ) was the eldest son of William the Silent by his first wife Anna van Egmont .
Tiberius Julius Caesar Nero Gemellus , known as Tiberius Gemellus ( 10 October AD 19 - -AD 37 or 38 ) was the son of Drusus and Livilla , the grandson of the Emperor Tiberius , and the cousin of the Emperor Caligula .
The Allondon is a river which flows for some 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) between France and Switzerland in the Rhône Alps area .
The Weiherburgbach originates above the Alpine Zoo of Innsbruck at 720 m above sea level and flows down in a southern direction to the Inn River .
The Tambopata River is a tributary of the Madre de Dios River and merges into this river at the city of Puerto Maldonado .
The Aldan River ( Russian : Алдан ) is the second - longest tributary of the Lena River in the Sakha Republic in eastern Siberia .
The Metsimotlhabe River is the largest river in the Kweneng District of Botswana , draining the area that lies to the south of Molepolole into the Notwane River , in turn a tributary of the Limpopo River .
This monastery was named after Bethlehem , later corrupted to Bartlehiem .
The Casa Natal del General Santander ( lit . , `` Birth house of General Santander '' ) is the birthplace of the Colombian General Francisco de Paula Santander , and is where he lived until the age of 13 .
In mathematics , Mahler 's theorem , introduced by Kurt Mahler ( 1958 ) , expresses continuous p - adic functions in terms of polynomials .
In mathematics , Watson 's lemma , proved by G. N. Watson ( 1918 , p. 133 ) , has significant application within the theory on the asymptotic behavior of integrals .
Carleman 's inequality is an inequality in mathematics , named after Torsten Carleman , who proved it in 1923 and used it to prove the Denjoy--
Voukourestiou Street ( Greek : Οδός Βουκουρεστίου , Odos Voukourestiou ) named after the Treaty of Bucharest , which in 1913 ended the second Balkan War , is a rather narrow street in the Kolonaki district of Athens known for its high - end boutiques .
The Camões Prize ( Portuguese , Prémio Camões , Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpɾɛmju kaˈmõĩ̯ʃ ) ) , named after Luís de Camões is the most important prize for literature in the Portuguese language .
Bach at the Sem concentrates on music of Johann Sebastian Bach and is also dedicated to the performance of church music from the Renaissance , Baroque , Classical , and Neoclassical periods .
Rue de l'Abbaye is a commercial street in the 6th arrondissement of Paris , named after the Abbey of Saint - Germain - des - Prés .
In differential geometry , Cohn - Vossen 's inequality , named after Stephan Cohn - Vossen , relates the integral of Gaussian curvature of a non - compact surface to the Euler characteristic .
The National Academy of Engineering annually awards the Charles Stark Draper Prize , which is given for the advancement of engineering and the education of the public about engineering .
Élie Cartan ( 1933 ) named Finsler manifolds after Paul Finsler , who studied this geometry in his dissertation ( Finsler 1918 ) .
Originally named Marlette Street , the street was renamed Van Ness Avenue in honor of the city 's seventh mayor , James Van Ness .
Cherryburn is a cottage in Mickley , Northumberland , England , which was the birthplace of Thomas Bewick , an English wood engraver and ornithologist .
The Wheeler - Minot Farmhouse , also known as the Thoreau Farm or the Henry David Thoreau Birthplace , is an historic house at 341 Virginia Road in Concord , Massachusetts , United States .
Tunnelgatan ( Tunnel Street ) is a street in Stockholm , Sweden , which stretches from Sveavägen to the Brunkeberg Tunnel .
Herbrand 's theorem is a fundamental result of mathematical logic obtained by Jacques Herbrand ( 1930 ) .
The Treloar Copyright Bill was a revision of the United States copyright laws introduced February 13 , 1896 , in the first session of the 54th United States Congress as House of Representatives ( H.R. ) 5976 by Missouri 9th District Representative William M. Treloar .
The Hilbert spectrum ( sometimes referred to as the Hilbert amplitude spectrum ) , named after David Hilbert , is a statistical tool that can help in distinguishing among a mixture of moving signals .
The Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge ( `` Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror Bridge '' ) , also known as the Second Bosphorus Bridge ( in Turkish : Fatih Sultan Mehmet Köprüsü , F.S.M. Köprüsü or 2 . Köprü ) , is a bridge in Istanbul , Turkey spanning the Bosphorus strait ( Turkish : Boğaziçi ) .
Thorianite is a rare thorium oxide mineral , ThO2 .
In 1947 the square was given the new name ' Breitscheidplatz ' after Rudolf Breitscheid , a German Social Democrat who was killed at the Buchenwald concentration camp in 1944 .
The award should not be confused with the IFA Norman Borlaug Award of the International Fertilizer Industry Association or the Borlaug Award for Field Research given by the World Food Prize Foundation .
In the history of science , Laplace 's demon was the first published articulation of causal or scientific determinism by Pierre - Simon Laplace in 1814 .
The Archimedean Oath is an ethical code of practice for engineers and technicians , similar to the Hippocratic Oath used in the medical world .
The Fermi paradox or Fermi 's paradox , named after Enrico Fermi , is the apparent contradiction between high estimates of the probability of the existence of extraterrestrial civilizations , such as in the Drake equation , and the lack of evidence for such civilizations .
On 26 August 2008 , GLAST was renamed the `` Fermi Gamma - ray Space Telescope '' in honor of Enrico Fermi , a pioneer in high - energy physics .
51827 Laurelclark ( 2001 OH38 ) is an asteroid named for astronaut Laurel Clark , who was killed in the STS-107 ( Columbia ) space shuttle reentry disaster on February 1 , 2003 .
Named after William Froude ( /ˈfruːd/ ; ) , the Froude number is based on the speed -- length ratio as defined by him , and is defined as :
The concept was introduced by George Gabriel Stokes in 1851 , but the Reynolds number is named after Osborne Reynolds ( 1842 - -1912 ) , who popularized its use in 1883 .
In mathematics , the Schottky problem , named after Friedrich Schottky , is a classical question of algebraic geometry , asking for a characterisation of Jacobian varieties amongst abelian varieties .
In mathematics , a Riemann sum is an approximation that takes the form \sum f(x ) \Delta x. It is named after German mathematician Bernhard Riemann .
Essential Monet is a discussion book about the paintings of famed French artist Claude Monet .
The method was originally described by Giovan Battista Bellaso in his 1553 book La cifra del . Sig . Giovan Battista Bellaso ; however , the scheme was later misattributed to Blaise de Vigenère in the 19th century , and is now widely known as the `` Vigenère cipher '' .
Lorándite was first discovered at the Allchar deposit , near Kavadarci , Macedonia in 1894 and named after Loránd Eötvös , a prominent Hungarian physicist .
A Giger Bar is a bar themed and modelled by the Swiss artist H. R. Giger .
The locality received its present name Mikkeli after Archangel Michael by the early 16th century at the latest .
There are two different Bejan numbers ( Be ) named after Duke University professor Adrian Bejan which are used in the scientific domains of thermodynamics and fluid mechanics .
Cavansite , whose name is derived from its chemical composition , calcium vanadium silicate , is a deep blue hydrous calcium vanadium phyllosilicate mineral , occurring as a secondary mineral in basaltic and andesitic rocks along with a variety of zeolite minerals .
The treaty between Kingdom of Siam and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland commonly known as the Burney Treaty was signed at Bangkok on 20 June 1826 by Henry Burney , an agent of British East India Company , for the United Kingdom and King Rama III for Siam .
In geometry , the Pitot theorem , named after the French engineer Henri Pitot , states that in a tangential quadrilateral ( i.e. one in which a circle can be inscribed ) the two sums of lengths of opposite sides are the same .
Scheele 's Green was invented in 1775 by Carl Wilhelm Scheele .
In psychology , the Asch conformity experiments or the Asch Paradigm refers to a series of studies directed by Solomon Asch studying if and how individuals yield to or defy a majority group and the effect of such influences on beliefs and opinions .
The Lenstra elliptic curve factorization is named after Hendrik Lenstra .
In mathematics , Fejér 's theorem , named for Hungarian mathematician Lipót Fejér , states that if f :
The Zapata rail was discovered by Spanish zoologist Fermín Zanón Cervera in March 1927 in the Zapata Swamp near Santo Tomás , in the southern Matanzas Province of Cuba .
`` Moya Moskva '' ( `` Моя Москва '' , `` My Moscow '' ) is the anthem of the city of Moscow since 1995 .
Beckholmsbron ( Swedish : Beckholmen Bridge ) is a wooden bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden , connecting the two islands Djurgården and Beckholmen .
In mathematics , the Pompeiu problem is a conjecture in integral geometry , named for Dimitrie Pompeiu , who posed the problem in 1929 , as follows .
The Ernst Happel Stadium ( Ernst - Happel - Stadion ) ( Praterstadion until 1992 , sometimes also called Wiener Stadion ) in Leopoldstadt , the 2nd district of Austria 's capital Vienna , is the largest stadium in Austria .
Mälartorget ( Swedish : Square of Mälaren ) is a public square in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden , named after its location on the western waterfront of the old town facing Lake Mälaren .
HMAS Huon ( M 82 ) , named for the Huon River , is the lead ship of the Huon class of minehunters operated by the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) .
In electrodynamics , Poynting 's theorem is a statement of conservation of energy for the electromagnetic field , in the form of a partial differential equation , due to the British physicist John Henry Poynting .
That year the chocolate magnate Peter Ludwig agreed to endow 350 modern artworks -- then valued at $ 45 million --and in return the City of Cologne committed itself to build a dedicated `` Museum Ludwig '' for works made after the year 1900 .
Sobolev spaces are named after the Russian mathematician Sergei Sobolev .
Fermat 's right triangle theorem is a non - existence proof in number theory , the only complete proof left by Pierre de Fermat .
Shakespeare 's Birthplace is a restored 16th - century half - timbered house situated in Henley Street , Stratford - upon - Avon , Warwickshire , England , where it is believed that William Shakespeare was born in 1564 and spent his childhood years .
The Neue Bachgesellschaft , or New Bach Society , is an organisation based in Leipzig , Germany , devoted to the music of the composer Johann Sebastian Bach .
A Bismarck tower ( German : Bismarckturm ) is a specific form of a Bismarck monument , built according to a more or less standard model across the former German Reich to honour the first chancellor Otto von Bismarck .
Ovamboland ( also : Owamboland ) was the name given by English - speaking visitors to the land occupied by the Ovambo people in what is now northern Namibia and southern Angola .
Willi Piecyk ( born 11 August 1948 in Munich ; died 1 August 2008 in Großhansdorf ) was a German politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Social Democratic Party of Germany , part of the Socialist Group and sat on the European Parliament 's Committee on Fisheries and its Committee on Transport and Tourism .
Paul - Henri Cugnenc ( 1 June 1946 -- 3 July 2007 ) was a French surgeon .
August Willemsen ( 16 June 1936 in Amsterdam -- 29 November 2007 in Amsterdam ) was a Dutch translator of Portuguese and Brazilian literature .
Sebastian Edathy ( German pronunciation : ( eˈdaːti ) ; born 5 September 1969 as Sebastian Edathiparambil ) is a German politician .
Bertrand Visage is a French academic and writer .
Émile Muller ( 20 April 1915 , Mulhouse , Haut - Rhin - 11 November 1988 ) was a French politician from Alsace .
Elmar Brok ( born 14 May 1946 in Verl , Westphalia ) is a German Member of the European Parliament and the current Chairman of the European Parliament Committee on Foreign Affairs .
Kurt Beck ( born 5 February 1949 ) is a German politician ( SPD ) , serving as the Minister - President of Rhineland - Palatinate from 1994 to 2013 and as President of the Bundesrat in 2000/01 .
Maurice d'Hartoy ( 1892 - -1981 ) , whose real name was Mauritius - Lucien Hanot , also known as Lieutenant d’Hartoy , was a soldier , politician and French writer .
Simone Schwarz - Bart ( née Brumant ) is a French novelist and playwright of Guadeloupean origin .
Mikhaylo Khalilov ( Ukrainian : Михайло Халілов ; born July 3 , 1975 in Mykolaiv ) is Ukrainian professional road racing cyclist , who is not currently under contract to any team .
Michael Schulz ( born September 3 , 1961 in Witten ) is a retired German soccer player .
Jean Rouch ( French : ( ʁuʃ ) ; 31 May 1917 , Paris -- 18 February 2004 , Niger ) was a French filmmaker and anthropologist .
Joseph Louis Gay - Lussac ( /ˌɡeɪləˈsæk/ ; French : ( ʒɔzɛf lwi ɡɛlysak ) ; also Louis Joseph Gay - Lussac ; 6 December 1778 -- 9 May 1850 ) was a French chemist and physicist .
Fernand Sardou ( September 18 , 1910 - January 31 , 1976 ) was a French singer and actor .
Ysa Ferrer ( born 4 June 1972 in Oran , Algeria ) is a French actress and singer of Spaniard Heritage .
Théodore Reinach ( July 3 , 1860 -- October 28 , 1928 ) was a French archaeologist , mathematician , lawyer , papyrologist , philologist , epigrapher , historian , numismatist , musicologist , professor , and politician .
Johan August Strindberg ( /ˈstrɪndbɜːrɡ , ˈstrɪnbɜːrɡ/ Swedish pronunciation : /ˈstrindˌbɜrj/ ; 22 January 1849 -- 14 May 1912 ) was a Swedish playwright , novelist , poet , essayist and painter .
Catherine Lalumière ( born August 3 , 1935 , Rennes ) is a French politician of the Radical Party of the Left .
Henri Rochereau ( 25 March 1908 , Chantonnay , Vendée -- 25 January 1999 , Paris ) was a French politician and European Commissioner .
Armand Samuel de Marescot , born in Tours on 1 March 1758 , died November 5 , 1832 at Castle Chaslay near Montoire Loir - et - Cher was a French general of engineering in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars .
Jacques Lafleur ( 20 November 1932 -- 4 December 2010 ) was a French politician born in Nouméa , New Caledonia .
Jean - Paul Étienne Dreyfus , better known as Jean - Paul Le Chanois ( 25 October 1909 -- 8 July 1985 ) was a French film director , screenwriter and actor .
Pierre Péron ( 1905 - -1988 ) was a French caricaturist , illustrator and printmaker .
Alain Nadaud ( 5 July 1948 -- 12 June 2015 ) was a French novelist , writer and diplomat .
Isaac Titsingh FRS ( 10 January 1745 in Amsterdam -- 2 February 1812 in Paris ) was a Dutch surgeon , scholar , merchant - trader and ambassador .
Élémir Bourges ( 26 March 1852 , Manosque , Alpes - de - Haute - Provence -- 13 November 1925 ) was a French novelist .
Auguste Le Prévost ( 3 June 1787 in Bernay , Eure -- 14 July 1859 in La Vaupalière ) was a French geologist , philologist , archaeologist and historian .
Alain Krivine ( French : ( a.lɛ̃ kʁi.vin ) ; born 10 July 1941 in Paris ) is a leader of the Trotskyist movement in France .
Maurice Constantin - Weyer ( 24 April 1881 , Bourbonne - les - Bains , Haute - Marne -- 22 October 1964 , Vichy , Allier ) was a French writer .
Franck Vogel ( born 1977 , Strasbourg , France ) is a French photographer , journalist and documentary film director .
Karl Marlo , pseudonym of Karl Georg Winkelblech ( April 11 , 1810 -- January 10 , 1865 ) , was a German professor , scientist , chemist and state socialist .
Pascal Légitimus ( born 13 March 1959 ) is a French actor , humorist and director .
Karl von Wogau was born 18 July 1941 in Freiburg and is a German politician .
Robert Giraud ( November 21 , 1921 -- January 17 , 1997 ) , was a French journalist , poet and lexicographer .
Pierre Bordage ( born 29 January 1955 in La Réorthe , Vendée ) is a French science fiction author .
Charles Gilbert Tourret ( or Thouret ; 22 December 1795 -- 17 May 1858 ) was a French agronomist and politician who was Minister of Agriculture in 1848 .
Pierre - Barthélemy Gheusi , also known by the pseudonym Norbert Lorédan , ( 21 November 1865 -- 30 January 1943 ) was a French theatre director , librettist , journalist and writer .
Gabriel Bonnot de Mably ( Grenoble , 14 March 1709 -- 2 April 1785 in Paris ) , sometimes known as Abbé de Mably , was a French philosopher , historian , and writer , who for a short time served in the diplomatic corps .
Louise Weiss ( 1893 in Arras , Pas - de - Calais -- 26 May 1983 in Paris ) was a French author , journalist , feminist and European politician .
Pierre Jean Jouve ( 11 October 1887 -- 8 January 1976 ) was a French writer , novelist and poet .
Jyoti Subhash is an Indian actress who works in Marathi film , television and theatre industry .
Caroline Ducey ( born Caroline Trousselard , 1977 in Sainte - Adresse ) is a French actress , who appeared in 34 films since 1994 .
Herbert Ehrenberg ( born 21 December 1926 ) is a retired German politician .
Alfred Albert Martineau ( 18 December 1859 -- 25 January 1945 ) was a notable historian and colonial administrator in the French Colonial Empire .
Dennis Eilhoff ( born 31 July 1982 , in Witten , West Germany ) is a German former football goalkeeper .
Georges Poujouly ( 20 January 1940 in Garches , Hauts - de - Seine -- 28 October 2000 in Villejuif , Val - de - Marne ) was a French actor who gained international acclaim as a child for his performance in the award - winning film Forbidden Games .
Roland Dumas ( born 23 August 1922 in Limoges , Haute - Vienne ) is a lawyer and French Socialist politician who served notably as Foreign Minister under President François Mitterrand from 1984 to 1986 and from 1988 to 1993 .
Jean - Benjamin de La Borde ( 5 September 1734 -- 22 July 1794 ) was a French composer , writer on music and fermier générale ( farm tax collector ) .
Louis - Auguste Juvénal des Ursins d'Harville , Count of Harville ( 23 April 1749 , Paris -- 8 May 1815 , Harville or Lizy - sur - Ourcq , France ) , was a French military officer and politician in late 18th century France .
Hans Verhagen is a Dutch journalist , poet , painter and filmmaker .
Thomas Nord ( born 19 October 1957 in Berlin ) is a German politician ( DIE LINKE ) and Member of the German Federal Parliament .
Karole Rocher ( born 4 July 1974 ) is a French actress best known for her role as Roxane Delgado in the French TV series Braquo .
Willem Drees , Sr . ( Dutch pronunciation ) ( 5 July 1886 -- 14 May 1988 ) was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party ( PvdA ) .
Hendrik Kraemer ( born 17 May 1888 in Amsterdam , died 11 November 1965 in Driebergen ) was a lay missiologist and prominent figure in the ecumenical movement from Dutch Reformed Church in the Netherlands .
Marie - Claire Bancquart ( born 1932 ) is a contemporary French poet , essayist , professor emerita and literary critic .
Julie Myerson ( born Julie Susan Pike , 2 June 1960 ) is an English author and critic .
Rick Karsdorp ( born 11 February 1995 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a right back for Eredivisie side Feyenoord .
Karl Ernst Thomas de Maizière ( German pronunciation : ( də mɛˈzi̯ɛːɐ̯ ) ; born 21 January 1954 ) is a German politician ( CDU ) who has served as the Federal Minister of the Interior since 17 December 2013 as part of the third cabinet of Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Roger de Lafforest , ( January 11 , 1905 -- November 16 , 1998 ) , was a French writer .
Pierre Jean George Cabanis ( French : ( kabanis ) ; 5 June 1757 -- 5 May 1808 ) was a French physiologist , freemason and materialist philosopher .
Joannès Marietton ( 27 August 1860 , in Lyon -- 27 May 1914 ) was a French politician .
Jacqueline Fraysse - Cazalis ( born February 25 , 1947 in Paris ) is a French cardiologist and politician .
Alfred Masson - Forestier ( 1852 - 1912 ) was a French writer , born at Le Havre .
Jacqueline Risset was a French poet noted for her work on the board of the literary journal Tel Quel along with Julia Kristeva and Philippe Sollers , and for her translations of Italian poetry into French .
Nicolas Coeffeteau ( 1574 -- 21 April 1623 ) was a French theologian , poet and historian born at Saint - Calais .
Mortimer Henri - Robert Fournier - Sarlovèze ( January 14 , 1869 -- July 13 , 1937 ) was a French politician and polo player in the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Claude Arnaud ( born 24 April 1955 in Paris ) is a French writer , essayist , biographer .
Alain - Fournier ( pronounced : ( a.lɛ̃.fuʁ.nje ) ) was the pseudonym of Henri - Alban Fournier ( 3 October 1886 -- 22 September 1914 ) , a French author and soldier .
Séverine Ferrer ( born 31 October 1977 ) is a French singer .
Nicolaas Beets ( 13 September 1814 -- 13 March 1903 ) was a Dutch theologian , writer and poet .
Marguerite Yourcenar ( French pronunciation : ​(maʁɡəʁit juʁsənaʁ ) ; 8 June 1903 -- 17 December 1987 ) was a Belgian - born French novelist and essayist .
Henri Nallet ( born on 6 January 1939 in Bergerac , Dordogne ) is a French politician .
Mehdi Belhaj Kacem is a French - Tunisian actor , philosopher , and writer .
Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges ( French : ( kulɑ̃ʒ ) ; 18 March 1830 -- 12 September 1889 ) was a French historian .
I Muvrini is a Corsican folk music group , who sing traditional Corsican music in their native Corsican language .
Mehdi Charef ( born 21 October 1952 ) is a French film director and screenwriter of Algerian descent .
Christine Pascal ( 29 November 1953 -- 30 August 1996 ) was a French actress , writer and director .
Chrismansyah Rahadi ( ( xrisˈmanʃah raˈhadi ) ; 16 September 1949 -- 30 March 2007 ) , born Christian Rahadi but better known by his stage name of Chrisye ( ( xəˈriʃə ) ) , was an Indonesian progressive pop singer and songwriter .
Jean Mistler ( 1 September 1897 -- 11 November 1988 ) was a French writer born in Sorèze , Tarn .
Albert François Lebrun ( French : ( albɛʁ ləbʁœ̃ ) ; 29 August 1871 -- 6 March 1950 ) was a French politician , President of France from 1932 to 1940 .
Anicet Turinay ( born April 18 , 1945 in Gros - Morne , Martinique ) is a conservative politician from Martinique who served in the French National Assembly from 1997 - 2002 .
Jean - François d'Orgeix ( 15 April 1921 -- 4 July 2006 ) was a French equestrian and Olympic medalist .
Jacques Chazot , ( b. 25 September 1928 in Locmiquélic ( Morbihan ) , d. 12 July 1993 in Monthyon ( Seine - et - Marne ) was a French dancer and socialite .
Eliška Krásnohorská ( 18 November 1847 , Prague -- 26 November 1926 , Prague ) was a Czech feminist author .
Pierre Bayle ( French : ( bɛl ) ; 18 November 1647 -- 28 December 1706 ) was a French philosopher and writer best known for his seminal work the Historical and Critical Dictionary , published beginning in 1697 .
Charles Magnin ( born in Paris , November 4 , 1793 ; died there , October 7 , 1862 ) was a French author .
Catulle Mendès ( 22 May 1841 -- 8 February 1909 ) was a French poet and man of letters .
Élisabeth Wiener ( born 23 November 1946 ) is a French actress and singer .
Kléber Haedens , born 11 December 1913 in Équeurdreville , died 13 August 1976 , was a French novelist and journalist .
Jan Wiegers ( Kommerzijl , 31 July 1893 - Amsterdam , 30 November 1959 ) was a Dutch expressionist painter .
Claude Gaspard Bachet de Méziriac ( October 9 , 1581 -- February 26 , 1638 ) was a French mathematician , linguist , poet and classics scholar born in Bourg - en - Bresse , at that time belonging to Duchy of Savoy .
Jean François de Saint - Lambert ( 26 December 1716 -- 9 February 1803 ) was a French poet , philosopher and military officer .
Yal Ayerdhal ( 26 January 1959 -- 27 October 2015 ) was a French thriller and science fiction writer from Lyon .
Jean - Christophe Grangé ( born 15 July 1961 ) is a French mystery writer , journalist , and screenwriter .
Katja Kipping ( born 18 January 1978 in Dresden ) is a German politician who is chairperson of the Left Party and a member of the Bundestag ( German Parliament ) .
Jacques Jouet ( born 6 October 1947 ) is a French writer and has been a participating member of the Oulipo literary project since 1983 .
André Le Troquer ( 27 October 1884 , in Paris -- 11 November 1963 ) was a French politician , socialist lawyer , and president of the National Assembly from 12 January 1954 to 10 January 1955 , and a second time from 24 January 1956 to 4 October 1958 .
Charles - François Delacroix ( or Lacroix ; 14 April 1741 -- 26 October 1805 ) was a French statesman who became Minister of Foreign Affairs under the Directory .
Wolfgang Ernst ( born 1956 in Bonn , Germany ) is a German lawyer and Regius Professor of Civil Law at the University of Oxford .
François Véron Duverger de Forbonnais ( 1722 - -1800 ) was a French political economist and contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences , des arts et des métiers .
Antoine Louis François Sergent dit Sergent - Marceau ( 1751 - -1847 ) was a French printmaker .
Alain Dister ( 1941 - -2008 ) , formerly Alain Sicard de Sailly , was a renowned French Rock n Roll photographer being one of the first European photographers to join the music in Height Ashbury , California , in the mid-60s .
Grégoire Colin ( born 27 July 1975 in Châtenay - Malabry ) is a French actor , producer , screenwriter , and director .
André Dacier ( 6 April 1651 -- 18 September 1722 ) , Latin Andreas Dacerius , was a French classical scholar and editor of texts .
France Roche ( 2 April 1921 -- 14 December 2013 ) was a French film actress and screenwriter .
Jean - Pierre Poccioni ( born 1948 ) is a French writer , whose first novel , ' ' Le Beau Désordre '' was published in 2000 .
Baron Anne - Honoré - Joseph Duveyrier , surnamed Mélesville ( 13 December 1787 , Paris -7 November 1865 , Marly - le - Roi ) , pen - name Mélesville , was a French dramatist .
Marcel Martinet ( 1887 - -1944 ) was a French poet , novelist and playwright .
Étienne - Paulin Gagne , known as Paulin Gagne ( June 8 , 1808 -- August 1876 ) was a French poet , essayist , lawyer , politician , inventor , and eccentric whose best known poem , The Woman - Messiah , is among the longest poems in French , or any language .
Pierre Jules Théophile Gautier ( French : ( pjɛʁ ʒyl teofil ɡotje ) ; 30 August 1811 -- 23 October 1872 ) was a French poet , dramatist , novelist , journalist , and art and literary critic .
Comte Pierre Louis Roederer ( 15 February 1754 -- 17 December 1835 ) was a French politician , economist , and historian , politically active in the era of the French Revolution and First French Republic .
Romy Schneider ( 23 September 1938 -- 29 May 1982 ) was a film actress born in Vienna who held German and French citizenship .
Paul Meurisse ( French pronunciation : ​(pɔl møʁis ) ; 21 December 1912 in Dunkirk -- 19 January 1979 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) was a French actor who appeared in over 60 films and many stage productions .
Rivers Cadet ( 1 March 1892 -- 1 November 1968 ) was a French actor .
Raymond Tarcy ( born November 18 , 1936 in French Guiana ) is a politician from French Guiana who was elected to the French Senate in 1980 .
Imants Ziedonis ( 3 May 1933 -- 27 February 2013 ) was a Latvian poet who first rose to fame during the Soviet occupation of Latvia .
Carl - Friedrich Arp Ole Freiherr von Beust , generally called Ole von Beust ( born April 13 , 1955 ) , is a German politician who was First Mayor of Hamburg from 31 October 2001 to 25 August 2010 , serving as President of the Bundesrat from 1 November 2007 on for one year .
Kim Takhwan ( born October 27 , 1968 ) is a South Korean novelist and literary critic .
Catherine Samie ( born 3 February 1933 ) is a French actress and member ( sociétaire , doyen ) of the Comédie - Française from 1962 .
François Ponsard ( 1 June 1814 -- 7 July 1867 ) , was a French dramatist , poet and author and was a member of the Académie française .
Bernard Pivot , OC , CQ ( French : ( pivo ) ; born May 5 , 1935 ) is a journalist , interviewer and host of French cultural television programmes .
Alphonse Allais ( 20 October 1854 -- 28 October 1905 ) was a French writer and humorist , who was born in Honfleur , Calvados and who died in Paris .
Thomas Verny ( born 1726 ; died 16 July 1808 in Clermont - l'Hérault ) was a French lawyer , who had a political career at the start of the Revolution .
Jean Chrétien Ferdinand Hoefer ( German : Ferdinand Höfer , April 21 , 1811 -- May 1878 ) was a German - French physician and lexicographer .
Jean Tiberi ( born 30 January 1935 ) is a French politician who was mayor of Paris from 22 May 1995 to 24 March 2001 .
Albert Simonin ( 1905 - -1980 ) was a French novelist and scriptwriter .
Edward Lear ( 12 or 13 May 1812 -- 29 January 1888 ) was an English artist , illustrator , musician , author and poet , and is known now mostly for his literary nonsense in poetry and prose and especially his limericks , a form he popularised .
Samson Fainsilber ( June 18 , 1904 -- December 19 , 1983 ) was a Romanian - born French film actor .
Alain Duhamel ( born 31 May 1940 ) is a prominent French journalist and political commentator .
André Roanne ( born André Albert Louis Rahou ) ( Paris , 22 September 1896 -- Cannes , 4 September 1959 ) was a French actor .
Gérard Watkins ( born 4 July 1965 ) is an English - French actor , playwright , director , and songwriter .
Marc Sangnier ( 3 April 1873 in Paris -- 28 May 1950 in Paris ) was a French Roman Catholic thinker and politician , who in 1894 founded le Sillon ( `` The Furrow '' ) , a liberal Catholic movement .
Maurice - Yvan Sicard ( nom de plume Saint - Paulien ; born 21 May 1910 in Le Puy - en - Velay - died 10 December 2000 ) was a French journalist and far right political activist .
Lucía Gil Santiago ( Spanish pronunciation : ( luˈθia ˈɣil sanˈtjaɣo ) ; born 29 May 1998 in Madrid ) is a Spanish singer and actress , best known for winning the first season of the Spanish version of the Disney Channel singing competition My Camp Rock .
Armelle ( born 23 July 1969 as Armelle Lesniak ) is a French actress , comedian and screenwriter , best known for her role as Maéva Capucin in Caméra Café .
Philippe Lançon ( French : ( lɑ̃sɔ̃ ) ) is a journalist working for the French satirical weekly newspaper Charlie Hebdo , who was wounded in the terrorist attack perpetrated against that publication on 7 January 2015 .
Abdourahamane Soilihi ( born October 4 , 1959 in Mayotte ) is a French politician who was elected to the French Senate on September 25 , 2011 representing the department of Mayotte an overseas department and region of France .
Olivier Baroux ( born 5 January 1964 ) is a French actor , comedian , writer and director who has acted both on stage and on screen .
Bernard Pons ( born 18 July 1926 , Beziers ) was a French politician and medical doctor who was a member of the Union of Democrats for the Republic from 1971 to 1976 and a member of the Rally for the Republic party thereafter .
Michel Goudchaux ( 18 March 1797 -- 27 December 1862 ) was a French banker and politician who was twice Minister of Finance during the French Second Republic .
Elisabeth `` Eliza / Élisa '' Rachel Félix ( also Elizabeth - Rachel Félix ) , better known only as Mademoiselle Rachel ( February 21 , 1821 -- January 3 , 1858 ) , was a French actress .
Yasmina Reza ( born 1 May 1959 ) is a French playwright , actress , novelist and screenwriter best known for her plays ' Art ' and God of Carnage .
Alma Jodorowsky ( born 26 September 1991 ) is a French actress , fashion model and singer .
Adrien - Nicolas Piédefer , marquis de La Salle , comte d'Offrémont ( 1735 - -1818 ) was a French writer and cavalry officer who saw service in the Seven Years ' War , a writer of comedies and libretti , and a Masonic brother of Benjamin Franklin .
Louis Loucheur ( 12 August 1872 , Roubaix , Nord -- 22 November 1931 , Paris ) was a French politician in the Third Republic , at first a member of the conservative Republican Federation , then of the Democratic Republican Alliance and of the Independent Radicals .
Françoise Lépine is a French actress and comedian .
Tony Duvert ( July 2 , 1945 -- August 2008 ) was a French writer and philosopher .
Alain Tasso ( born July 22 , 1962 in Beirut ) is a Lebanese - French poet , painter and essayist .
Georges Othily ( born January 7 , 1944 in French Guiana ) is a French Guianese politician who was elected to the French Senate in 1989 .
Marc Chapiteau ( 17 August 1946 ) is a French actor .
Adolph Woermann ( 10 December 1847 in Hamburg -- 4 May 1911 in the Grönwohld - Hof near Trittau ) was a German merchant , shipowner and politician , who was also instrumental in the establishment of German colonies in Africa .
François - Marie - Casimir Négrier ( 27 April 1788 in Le Mans -- 25 June 1848 in Lille ) was a French general who fought in the Napoleonic Wars and the 1848 Revolution .
François - Xavier Ortoli ( 16 February 1925 -- 30 November 2007 ) was a French Gaullist politician and businessman .
Peter Gauweiler ( born June 22 , 1949 in Munich , Bavaria ) is a German politician , and a member of Bavaria 's Christian Social Union ( CSU ) formerly in the German Bundestag , where he represented Munich South and served as deputy leader of the CSU .
Pierre Debray - Ritzen ( 27 February 1922 -- 7 July 1993 ) was a French physician and psychiatrist .
Maylis de Kerangal ( born 16 June 1967 , Toulon ) is a French author .
Johannes or Jan Luyken ( April 16 , 1649 - April 5 , 1712 ) was a Dutch poet , illustrator and engraver .
Marie Joseph Gabriel Antoine Jogand - Pagès , better known by the pen name Léo Taxil ( French : ( leo taksil ) ; March 21 , 1854 -- March 31 , 1907 ) , was a French writer and journalist who became known for his strong anti - Catholic and anti - clerical views .
Évelyne Bouix ( French : ( bwi ) ; born 22 April 1953 ) is a French film actress and stage actress .
Pierre Louis Albert Decrais ( 18 December 1838 -- 27 February 1915 ) was a French lawyer , administrator , diplomat and politician who was a deputy from 1897 to 1903 , then a senator from 1903 to 1915 .
Marcel Esdras ( May 21 , 1927 in Pointe - Noire , Guadeloupe -- November 13 , 1988 in Clichy - la - Garenne , France ) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1981 - 1986 representing Union pour la démocratie française .
Myriam Harry was the pen name of Maria Rosette Shapira ( April 1869 ( some sources say 1875 ) -- March 10 , 1958 ) , a French journalist and writer .
Virginie Despentes ( French : ( depɑ̃t ) ; born 13 June 1969 ) is a French writer , novelist , and filmmaker .
Mona Goya ( November 25 , 1909 -- October 8 , 1961 ) was a Mexican - born French film actress who rose to fame in the 1930s .
Rudolf Seiters ( born 13 October 1937 in Osnabrück , Lower Saxony ) is a German politician of the CDU ( Christian Democratic Union ) party .
Henri Gerbault , Henry Gerbault , or Jean Louis Armand Henri Gerbault ( 24 June 1863 - 19 October 1930 ) was a French illustrator , water color painter , and poster artist .
Jean Joseph François Poujoulat ( 28 January 1808 , Montferrand - la - Fare -- 5 January 1880 , Paris ) , was a French historian and journalist .
Nathalie Henneberg ( October 23 , 1910 , Batumi -- June 24 , 1977 , Paris ) was a French science fiction writer , a precursor of modern French heroic fantasy .
Aurélien Bellanger , born 20 April 1980 in Laval , Mayenne , is a French writer and actor .
Philippe Soupault ( 2 August 1897 , Chaville , Hauts - de - Seine -- 12 March 1990 , Paris ) was a French writer and poet , novelist , critic , and political activist .
Eduard Hanslick ( 11 September 1825 -- 6 August 1904 ) was a German Bohemian music critic .
Adrien André ( 29 May 1884 , in La Bussière , Vienne -- 22 April 1965 ) was a French politician .
Peter Liese ( born 20 May 1965 in Olsberg , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for North Rhine - Westphalia with the conservative Christian Democratic Union , part of the European People 's Party .
Jacques Réda ( born 24 January 1929 in Lunéville ) is a French poet , jazz critic , and flâneur .
Nathan André Chouraqui ( 11 August 1917 -- 9 July 2007 ) was a French lawyer , writer , scholar and politician .
Sung Chan - gyeong ( Hangul : 성찬경 ) was a modern South Korean poet .
Carl Otto Lenz ( born 5 June 1930 in Berlin ) is a German lawyer , member of the German Bundestag ( 1965 - -1984 ) for the CDU and Advocate General at the European Court of Justice ( 1984 - -1997 ) .
Michael Grosse - Brömer ( born 12 October 1960 in Oberhausen ) is a German politician and a member of the Bundestag for the German Christian Democratic Union .
Claire Wolniewicz ( born 1966 ) is a French journalist and writer .
Jules Berry ( born Marie Louis Jules Paufichet ; 9 February 1883 -- 23 April 1951 ) was a French actor .
Cathy Rosier ( January 2 , 1945 in Fort - de - France -- May 17 , 2004 ) was a model and actress , who was born in Martinique , French West Indies , and died in Marrakech , Morocco , from a ruptured aorta .
William Godwin ( 3 March 1756 -- 7 April 1836 ) was an English journalist , political philosopher and novelist .
Dr. Willem Pleyte ( 26 June 1836 -- 1 March 1903 ) was a Dutch Egyptologist and museum director .
Jean - Jacques Bouchard ( born 30 October 1606 in Paris , died on 26 August 1641 in Rome ) was a French writer .
Candice Parise is a French actress and singer .
Élodie Yung ( French pronunciation : ​(elɔdi juŋ ) ; born February 22 , 1981 ) is a French television and film actress .
Fañch Broudig or François Broudic ( born 1946 in Buhulien ) is a Breton journalist and Breton- and French - language writer .
Anne - Marie Cazalis ( 1920 in Boufarik , Algeria -- July 30 , 1988 in Paris , France ) was a French writer , journalist and briefly an actress .
Peider Lansel ( August 15 , 1863 - December 8 , 1943 ) was a Swiss Romansh lyric poet .
Klaas Gubbels ( born 1934 ) , is a Dutch painter and sculptor with a special love of teapots .
Francis Lalanne ( born Francis - José Lalanne on 8 August 1958 in Anglet ) is a French - Uruguayan singer , songwriter and poet .
Armand Bouat ( b. March 31 , Padirac , 1873 , d. August 11 , 1929 , Neuilly - sur - Seine ) was a French politician and merchant .
Roderich Kiesewetter ( born 11 September 1963 in Pfullendorf , Germany ) is a politician ( CDU ) , member of the German Bundestag and former Bundeswehr general staff officer .
Jean - Marie Laclavetine ( born February 17 , 1954 in Bordeaux ) is a French editor , writer and translator of Italian literature into French .
Hervé Gaymard ( born 31 May 1960 in Bourg - Saint - Maurice , Savoie ) is a French politician and a member of UMP conservative party .
Philippe François Pinel , known as Dumanoir ( 31 July 1806 -- 16 November 1865 ) was a French playwright and librettist .
Gilles Aillaud ( 1928 in Paris -- 24 March 2005 in Paris ) was an internationally known French painter , set decorator , and playwright ; as well , he was one of the main proponents of the Nouvelle Figuration and Figuration Narrative schools of art .
Charles Gautier ( 25 January 1945 -- 11 June 2014 ) was a French politician who was a member of the Senate of France , representing the Loire - Atlantique department .
Based on the Archie comic books , created by Bob Montana in 1941 , The Archie Show debuted on CBS in September 1968 and lasted for one season .
Roll Out is an American sitcom that aired Friday evenings on CBS during the 1973 - 1974 television season .
Lado a Lado ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈladw ɐ ˈlaðu ) , Side by Side ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo from September 10 , 2012 to March 8 , 2013 .
Maggie and the Ferocious Beast aired on the American children 's channel Nick Jr. from July 15 , 2000 until October 30 , 2010 , and has not been shown on any US station ever since .
La Cible ( The Target ) is a televised game show presented on France 2 .
Notizen aus der Provinz ( German for `` news from the province '' ) was a political cabaret program hosted by Dieter Hildebrandt and broadcast by ZDF from 1973 to 1979 .
Elizabeth R is a BBC television drama serial of six 85-minute plays starring Glenda Jackson in the title role .
My Favorite Martian is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS from September 29 , 1963 , to May 1 , 1966 , for 107 episodes ( 75 in black and white : 1963 - -65 , 32 color : 1965 - -66 ) .
Pirates of Silicon Valley is an original 1999 TNT American drama film , directed by Martyn Burke and starring Noah Wyle as Steve Jobs and Anthony Michael Hall as Bill Gates .
Monday Night with Matty Johns is an Australian sports television series aired on Fox Sports on 4 March 2013 .
College Scoreboard was a program that aired on NFL Network that debuted in 2006 , and ended in 2007 .
The Principal 's Office is a reality TV program on TruTV that began airing on August 21 , 2008 , released through Leftfield Pictures .
America 's Newsroom , written on - air as `` America 's Newsroom with Bill Hemmer and Martha MacCallum '' is an American news / talk program on Fox News Channel , first airing on February 12 , 2007 .
Presidio Med is an American medical drama that aired on CBS from September 2002 , to January 2003 .
Nina and the Neurons is a programme shown on the CBeebies channel aimed at four to six - year - olds to help them understand basic science .
Banegi Apni Baat is a Hindi television drama series that started airing on Zee TV in 1993 running till 1997 .
Tubridy Tonight is a talk show hosted by Ryan Tubridy that aired on RTÉ One for five seasons between 2004 and 2009 .
J - Melo is a weekly Japanese music television program broadcast by NHK .
Buffalo Dreams is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie directed by David S. Jackson .
On July 28 , 2014 , Canal de las Estrellas broadcast Hasta el fin del mundo weeknights at 9:30pm , replacing Lo Que La Vida Me Robó .
Driving School is a docusoap that was broadcast on BBC One in the summer of 1997 , which followed a group of learner drivers around Bristol and South Wales .
Breaking Pointe is an American reality television series that premiered on May 31 , 2012 , on The CW .
We Have Issues is an American comedy infotainment series which premiered on September 18 , 2015 , on the E ! cable channel .
The Speaker is a 2009 British television series , broadcast on BBC Two .
11AM ( Eleven AM ) was a news magazine program that aired on the Seven Network from 11 am AEST to midday from 1982 to 1999 .
Love in the Wild is a reality television series that debuted on June 29 , 2011 on NBC .
The Restless Wave is a Canadian historical television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1970 .
As Told by Ginger ( also known as As Told by Ginger Foutley ) is an American animated television series aimed at preteens and teenagers that was produced by Klasky - Csupo and aired on Nickelodeon .
O Rei do Gado ( King of Cattle ) is a Brazilian telenovela that was produced and broadcast on Rede Globo , from 17 June 1996 to February 15 , 1997 , totaling 209 episodes and 130 in the original version of the SIC in Portugal .
Museo Coconut ( English : Coconut Museum ) is a Spanish TV sitcom which is aired in Neox since November 1 , 2010 .
Touche pas à mon poste ! ( also known as TPMP ) is a French live TV show broadcast on D8 produced by H2O Production which deals with the TV actuality and medias .
School Pride is an American reality television series which aired on NBC , from executive producers Cheryl Hines and Denise Cramsey .
Fourteen years after Agony ended on ITV , the BBC revived it as Agony Again .
Så mycket bättre ( `` So Much Better '' ) is a Swedish reality television show that airs on TV4 as a local version of the original Dutch `` Best Singers Of Holland '' series .
International News Net World Report Evening News , or INN World Report , is an independent American cable news program which was broadcast by the non - profit , progressive cable station Free Speech TV until 2009 .
Copycat Singers was a Swedish musical gameshow broadcast by TV3 in late 2011 .
José Díaz - Balart is an American news program that aired on MSNBC and was hosted by Cuban - American journalist Jose Diaz - Balart .
Bae Cheol - soo 's Music Camp ( Hangul : 배철수의 음악캠프 ) is a South Korean radio show hosted by Bae Cheol - soo on MBC FM4U since 1990 .
I 'll Bet is an American game show that ran on NBC from March 29 to September 24 , 1965 .
The PTL Club , which adopted a talk - show format , was the flagship television program of the Bakkers ' PTL Satellite Network .
This Week in Politics was a weekly political news and talk program on CNN .
Ranbir Rano is a Hindi television series that aired on Zee TV channel between 22 September 2008 -- 28 May 2009 .
Something Is Out There is the title of a 1988 American science fiction television miniseries that aired on NBC , and a weekly series that followed in the fall of 1988 .
Rabbids Invasion is a French / American animated television series which premiered on August 3 , 2013 on Nickelodeon .
Ned and Stacey is an American sitcom that aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company network from 1995 to 1997 , starring Thomas Haden Church and Debra Messing as the titular couple .
Amantes de Luna Llena ( Full Moon Lovers ) is a Venezuelan telenovela written by Leonardo Padrón for Venevisión in 2000 .
The Perils of Penelope Pitstop is an American animated television series produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions that premiered on CBS on September 13 , 1969 .
The DuPont Show with June Allyson ( also known as The June Allyson Show ) is an American anthology drama series which aired on CBS from September 21 , 1959 to April 3 , 1961 with rebroadcasts continuing until June 12 , 1961 .
Skin Wars is a body painting reality competition hosted by Rebecca Romijn that premiered on Game Show Network on August 6 , 2014 .
Hollywood Cycle is an American reality documentary television series that premiered on July 7 , 2015 , on E ! television network .
Bowhunter TV is a television series directed and hosted by Mike Carney which debuted on the Outdoor Channel in 2005 .
Little Britain USA is an American spin - off - continuation of British sketch show , Little Britain , produced and aired by HBO .
Ghost Hunters International ( abbreviated as GHI ) is a spin - off series of Ghost Hunters that aired on Syfy .
The Moxy Show ( also known as The Moxy Pirate Show and The Moxy & Flea Show ) is an animation anthology television series produced by Colossal Pictures for Cartoon Network .
The Jack Eigen Show was an American television show , 15 minutes in duration , which aired Thursdays 7:45 to 8 pm ET on the DuMont Television Network from 1947 to 1951 , The show continued as an radio program from 1951 to 1971 , running from 11:15pm to 12:30am ET on WMAQ ( AM ) .
Antiques Road Trip is a BBC television series that was first shown on BBC Two from 8 March 2010 to 23 November 2012 , and then shown on BBC One since 7 January 2013 .
Celebrity Playhouse is an American anthology series that aired on NBC from September 1955 , to June 1956 .
The Ruth Rendell Mysteries is a British television series made by Television South and Meridian Television ( in association with Blue Heaven productions ) for ITV between 2 August 1987 and 11 October 2000 .
The Famous Jett Jackson is a joint Canadian and American Disney Channel Original Series coming - of - age television series for children about a boy named Jett Jackson ( Lee Thompson Young ) who plays a teenage secret - agent on a fictional TV show - within - a - show called Silverstone .
The Body Shocking Show is a factual series shown on E4 with the first episode being aired on 14 March 2013 at 10 pm .
Style & Substance is an American sitcom starring Jean Smart and Nancy McKeon which aired on CBS from January 5 to September 2 , 1998 .
Yule Love Story was a drama series aired on Zee TV from 1993 to 1995 .
U - Pick Live is a program that aired on Nickelodeon from October 14 , 2002 to May 27 , 2005 on weekday afternoons from Nickelodeon Headquarters in New York City 's Times Square .
The Rising Son is a live action television series on Adult Swim , that premiered on April 19 , 2009 , and ended on May 10 , 2009 , with a total of four episodes .
Sai de Baixo ( a Brazilian Portuguese slang roughly translated as `` get out of the way '' ) is a Brazilian sitcom that first aired on Rede Globo from 1996 to 2002 .
The Roy Doty Show was a Sunday morning DuMont Television Network children 's TV show hosted by Roy Doty ( 1922 - 2015 ) .
The Lot is a 30 minute dramedy series that aired for 2 seasons and 17 episodes on the AMC from 1999 to 2001 .
Canal de las Estrellas aired Rubí from May 17 to October 22 , 2004 , with Apuesta por un amor replacing it .
The People 's Quiz was a BBC National Lottery game show that was broadcast on BBC One from 24 March to 23 June 2007 .
Blacke 's Magic is an American crime drama series that aired on NBC from January to May 1986 .
The Big Payoff was a daytime and primetime game show that premiered on NBC in 1951 , and ended its network run on CBS in 1959 .
Ghar Ek Sapnaa is a Hindi television serial that aired on Sahara One channel worldwide .
Aimed at children between the ages of 3 and 6 , Chuggington made its UK debut as a `` soft launch '' on BBC Two on 22 September 2008 .
Nginiig ( lit . Shivers ) is a weekly horror television program aired by ABS - CBN 2 .
Crocodile Shoes is a British 7-part television series made by the BBC and screened on BBC One in 1994 .
Now on its seventh year , Studio 23 's flagship show Y Speak is hosted by Bianca Gonzalez which airs every Saturday .
C Bear and Jamal is an animated children 's television show that premiered on the Fox Kids programming block in 1996 .
Alles außer Sex ( Sex & More ) was a German `` dramedy '' television series which aired on the TV station ProSieben between 2005 and 2006 .
Ton of Cash was a show on VH1 that premiered on August 17 , 2011 .
Saturday Matters with Sue Lawley was a short lived , late night chat show presented by Sue Lawley , which aired on BBC One in late 1989 .
You Deserve It is an American game show created by Dick de Rijk for American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) .
Bus Life is an English mini - series that aired on Disney Channel in England from 2003 - 2004 .
All About Aubrey is a reality television series from Oxygen that premiered on March 7 , 2011 .
Mancuso , F.B.I. is a crime drama which was aired by NBC as part of its 1989 - 90 schedule .
Picked Off is an American reality - competition television series on History .
Finding John Christmas is a 2003 television movie that first aired on CBS .
Bite Me with Dr. Mike is an American television show currently broadcasting on The Travel Channel .
The Beverly Hillbillies is an American sitcom originally broadcast on CBS for nine seasons from September 26 , 1962 , to March 23 , 1971 .
Doli Saja Ke was a Hindi language Indian soap opera that aired on Sahara One channel worldwide .
What It 's Like Being Alone is a Canadian television program which aired on CBC Television in 2006 .
Tamanna House is a thriller television series that aired on Zee TV channel , every Sunday to Wednesday at 10 pm IST .
Sushi Pack is a Canadian - American animated television series produced by DIC Entertainment and American Greetings , that aired on the KEWLopolis block on CBS November 3 , 2007 - September 12 , 2009 .
Tales of the 77th Bengal Lancers is a television series broadcast in the United States by NBC during its 1956 - 57 season .
Wiadomości ( News ) is the main news program on TVP1 .
Los Desayunos de TVE ( English : TVE 's Breakfasts ) is a Spanish breakfast television news program , broadcast on weekdays in La 1 of Televisión Española since January 8 , 1994 .
Victoria and Shane Grow Their Own is an Irish reality television special which originally aired on RTÉ One on Tuesday 8 December 2009 .
Yellowthread Street is a 1990 ITV police drama about detectives of the Royal Hong Kong Police based on the novels by William Leonard Marshall .
Włatcy móch ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈvwat.t͡sɨ ˈmux ) ) is a Polish adult animated comedy series , which had been on the Polish TV channel TV4 between November 2006 and December 2010 .
Maison Close is a French television series which premiered on Canal+ on October 4 , 2010 .
Ice Road Truckers ( commercially abbreviated IRT ) is a reality television series that premiered on History on June 17 , 2007 .
Jukebox Jury was an hour - long television series hosted by disc jockey Peter Potter which aired in the 1953 - 1954 season on the American Broadcasting Company , and was syndicated in 1959 .
Cold Justice is an unscripted procedural drama on TNT .
Welcome Freshmen is a television show that ran on Nickelodeon from 1991 to 1993 with reruns until 1996 .
Soapstar Superstar is a British reality singing competition produced by Granada Productions ( later branded ITV Studios ) which first aired on British television station ITV in 2006 .
The Fitzpatricks is an American drama series which ran on CBS during the 1977 - -78 season .
Together We Stand , also known as Nothing Is Easy , is an American television series that aired on the CBS network from 1986 to 1987 .
Chicago Story is an NBC drama that aired in the spring of 1982 .
Chandan Ka Palna Resham Ki Dori is a television serial that appeared on Zee TV channel in 2001 .
Salute Your Shorts is an American comedy television series that aired on Nickelodeon from 1991 to 1992 and in reruns until early 1999 .
American Stuffers is an American reality documentary on Animal Planet .
Caroline in the City is an American situation comedy that ran on the NBC television network .
Preachers of L.A. is an American reality television series that premiered October 9 , 2013 , on Oxygen .
After the Attack is a reality television series on Animal Planet .
Midlands Today is produced by BBC Midlands and broadcasts on BBC One seven days a week .
My Juan and Only is a comedy / drama series aired on ABS - CBN .
Sean 's Show is a British television situation comedy , first broadcast on Channel 4 between 15 April 1992 and 29 December 1993 .
The Football 's On is a British television panel show broadcast on BT Sport and presented by Ian Stone with Doc Brown among others as a regular panelist .
The Fantastic Journey is an American science fiction television series that was originally aired on NBC from February 3 through June 17 , 1977 .
Judging Amy is an American television drama that was telecast from September 19 , 1999 , through May 3 , 2005 , on CBS - TV .
Poletik is a 30-minute comedy television programme in the Persian language hosted by Kambiz Hosseini in Radio Farda .
KBS Nine O'Clock News ( Also known as KBS News 9 ( KBS 뉴스9 in Korean ) ) is the flagship newscast that airs on KBS1 every night at 9:00pm KST .
Betty White 's Off Their Rockers is an American comedy television series launched in 2012 , that broadcast on NBC for its first two seasons and Lifetime beginning with the third .
Tres destinos ( Three Destinations ) , It is an American telenovela produced by Telemundo .
American Heiress is a telenovela which debuted on March 13 , 2007 at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on the American television network MyNetworkTV .
My Parents Are Aliens is a British children 's television sitcom that was produced for eight series by Yorkshire Television and aired on ITV from 8 November 1999 to 18 December 2006 .
The Lenny Breau Show was a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1966 .
News Patrol is the hourly news bulletin of ABS - CBN .
The Innocence Project is a television drama series created by BBC Northern Ireland and originally broadcast on BBC One in 2006 - -07 .
The Omid Djalili Show was a British sketch comedy / stand - up comedy television show produced by Hat Trick Productions for BBC One .
Rescue Dina Foxx ! ( orig . German title : Wer rettet Dina Foxx ? ) , is an award winning transmedia event by the German television network Zweites Deutsches Fernsehen ( ZDF ) .
An Evening with Fred Astaire is a one - hour live television special starring Fred Astaire , broadcast on NBC on October 17 , 1958 .
Chefography is a television series biography of Food Network personalities .
The Secret Cabaret was a magic - based television programme that ran for two series , of six episodes each , on Channel 4 in the UK during the early 1990s .
The Bachelor Canada is a Canadian reality television series , based on the American television series of the same name which premiered on October 3 , 2012 , on the City television network .
Minoriteam is an animated television series on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block , Adult Swim .
Memphis Beat is an American drama series that debuted on TNT on June 22 , 2010 and ended on August 16 , 2011 .
Chinese Dream Show ( Chinese : 中国梦想秀 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Mèngxiǎng Xiù ) is a Chinese reality talent show that premiered on 2 April 2011 on the Zhejiang Television network .
Comedy Inc. was an Australian sketch comedy television series , which ran on the Nine Network from 19 February 2003 to 26 December 2007 .
Ursäkta röran ( vi bygger om ) ( English : Pardon the mess ( we 're redecorating ) ) was a Swedish television programme that was broadcast on TV4 in 2002 .
Masked Prosecutor ( Hangul : 복면검사 ; RR : Bogmyeongeomsa ) is a 2015 South Korean television series starring Joo Sang - wook and Kim Sun - a . It aired on KBS2 from May 20 to July 9 , 2015 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes .
Explode Coração is a Brazilian telenovela that was produced by Rede Globo and aired between November 6 , 1995 and May 4 , 1996 , with a total of 155 chapters .
Popworld ( originally Planet Pop ) was a British television programme that was broadcast on Channel 4 as part of the T4 strand , featuring pop news , trivia , gossip , interviews and music videos , as well as musical performances from contemporary artists .
USA Up All Night ( also known as Up All Night and Up All Night with Rhonda Shear ) is an American cable television series that aired weekly on Friday and Saturday nights on the USA Network .
Simon Townsend 's Wonder World ! was a multi - award - winning Australian children 's television show that aired on Network Ten from 1979 until 1986 .
The character 's name was changed because Fairly Secret Army was broadcast on Channel 4 , and the television rights to The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin and its characters were held by the BBC .
Leave It to Beaver , which would ultimately run for six full 39-week seasons ( 234 episodes ) , had its debut on CBS on October 4 , 1957 .
On February 20 , 2011 , Eyal Golan introduced a new reality show on Israeli Music 24 called Eyal Golan Is Calling You ( in Hebrew אייל גולן קורא לך ) where he is searching for the next mizrahi music singer together with Yosi Gispan , Adi Leon and Yaron Elan .
Fight Girls is an Oxygen original reality television series that spun off from a 2006 special which documented seven female fighters ' attempts at winning a championship .
Football Night in America is an American pre - game show that is broadcast on NBC , preceding its broadcasts of Sunday night and Wild Card Saturday National Football League ( NFL ) games .
Hidden Talent is a British television series broadcast on Channel 4 .
Schlag den Raab ( German pronunciation : ( ʃlaːk deːn ʁaːp ) , German for Beat ( the ) Raab ) was a live game show airing on the German television channel ProSieben on Saturday evenings .
It 's a Musical World is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television from 1973 to 1975 .
What the Victorians Did for Us is a 2001 BBC documentary series that examines the impact of the Victorian era on modern society .
U to U , sometimes labeled as U-2-U , is a weekly Nickelodeon television series that aired from 1994 to 1996 .
The Dotty Mack Show is an American variety show originally broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network in 1953 , and on ABC from 1953 to 1956 .
The Money Programme was a finance and business affairs television programme on BBC Two which had a long run It was first broadcast on 5 April 1966 and presented by `` commentators '' ( financial journalists ) William Davis , Erskine B. Childers and Joe Roeber .
The Sunday Show is a British television entertainment programme that was broadcast live on Sunday lunchtimes on BBC Two between 1995 and 1997 .
Mississippi Cold Case is a 2007 feature documentary produced by David Ridgen of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation about the Ku Klux Klan murders of two 19-year - old young black men , Henry Hezekiah Dee and Charles Eddie Moore , in southwest Mississippi in May 1964 during the civil rights era and Freedom Summer .
The Man and the Challenge is a 36-segment half - hour television adventure / science fiction series which ran new episodes on NBC from September 12 , 1959 , to June 11 , 1960 .
Thepphithak Chindavong is a Laotian swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Richard Shoebridge ( born 12 August 1985 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a British short track speed skater who competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Radislav Pavičević ( born October 12 , 1951 ) is a former handball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Gareth Trayner ( born 7 June 1980 ) is a former British alpine skier who represented Great Britain at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City .
Stanisław Urban ( 13 September 1907 Warsaw ; April , 1940 ) was a Polish rower who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Lau Kwok Kin ( Chinese : 劉國堅 ; Jyutping : lau4 gwok3 gin1 ; born 17 January 1977 ) is a fencer from Hong Kong , China who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the men 's foil team competition .
Beibulat Musaev ( born August 8 , 1977 ) is a wrestler from Belarus , who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , where he placed 9th .
Marija Radosavljević ( Serbian : Марија Радосављевић ; born July 18 , 1927 in Valjevo ) is a retired Serbian shot putter who represented SFR Yugoslavia at the 1948 Summer Olympics and 1952 Summer Olympics .
Edward Szostak ( September 12 , 1911 in Kraków -- October 10 , 1990 in Kraków ) was a Polish basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Eraldo Pizzo ( born April 21 , 1938 ) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics , in the 1964 Summer Olympics , in the 1968 Summer Olympics , and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Florence Barker ( born 1908 , date of death unknown ) was a competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris , where she won a silver medal as a member of the second - place British women 's team in the 4×100-metre freestyle relay event .
Oscar Gustafsson ( born September 25 , 1889 - died ? ) was a Swedish amateur football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Walter Reisp ( born 5 November 1910 ) was an Austrian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Aldona Nenėnienė - Česaitytė ( née Česaitytė , ( October 13 , 1949 -- April 3 , 1999 ) in Daugirdai village , Alytus district municipality ) is a former Soviet / Lithuanian handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Roger Hverven ( born 15 March 1944 ) is a retired Norwegian handball ving - player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Nils Axelsson ( 18 January 1906 -- 18 January 1989 ) was a Swedish football defender who played for Sweden in the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Willibald Stanek ( December 4 , 1913 - date of death unknown ) was an Austrian ice hockey player who competed for the Austrian national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch - Partenkirchen and the 1948 Winter Olympics in Saint - Moritz .
Ilija Lupulesku ( born October 30 , 1967 in Uzdin ) is a former Serbian - Yugoslav and later American table tennis player who competed in the 1988 , 1992 , 1996 , 2000 and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Zang Jialiang represented Team China at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , Canada .
Greg Boester ( born November 27 , 1968 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics , and is now a banker at JPMorgan Chase .
S. N. Hayes was a British lacrosse player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
René Huguenin ( born August 9 , 1944 ) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey player who played for HC La Chaux - de - Fonds in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1972 Winter Olympics .
Steve Hanna ( born 30 January 1958 in Nassau , Bahamas ) is a Bahamian former triple jumper who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Ismael Yaya ( born 1965 ) is a long distance athlete who competed internationally for Chad Niakaken represented Chad at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , he competed in the 10000 metres where he finished 19th in his heat and therefore did not qualify for the final .
Tania Haiböck ( born March 3 , 1978 ) is an Austrian triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Justice Dipeba ( born 3 December 1973 ) is an Olympic athlete from Botswana who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Vesna Milošević ( Cyrillic : Весна Милошевић , born August 29 , 1955 in Kičevo , Republic of Macedonia ) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Albert Weinstein ( Georg Albert Weinstein ; October 13 , 1885 -- December 7 , 1969 ) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Florencia Cerutti Bogado ( born September 12 , 1982 ) is a Laser Radial sailor from Paraguay , who made an official debut for her sporting discipline at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Guy Oliver Nickalls ( 4 April 1899 -- 26 April 1974 ) , also known as Gully Nickalls , was a British rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Georges Beaucourt ( 15 April 1912 -- 1 March 2002 ) was a French association football player who participated at the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Linda Cerup - Simonsen ( born as Widwey Andersen on June 15 , 1969 ) is a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , where she won gold medal in the Europe Class .
Erik Seletto ( born 21 September 1975 ) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics .
Srećko Štiglić ( born 11 June 1943 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian former hammer thrower who competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Yair Nossovsky ( Hebrew : יאיר נוסובסקי‎ ; born 29 June 1937 ) is an Israeli former international footballer who competed at the 1970 FIFA World Cup , having previously played for the Israeli national team during the 1966 World Cup qualifying campaign .
Bernd Gröne ( born 19 February 1963 ) is a retired road racing cyclist from Germany , who won the silver medal for West Germany in the men 's individual road race at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Robert Charpentier ( 4 April 1916 -- 28 October 1966 ) was a French racing cyclist who won three gold medals at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Harald de Vlaming ( June 28 , 1954 , Baarn ) is a sailor from the Netherlands , who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Kingston , Canada .
Michelle Buckingham ( born 1 September 1968 ) is a Canadian former judoka who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Marie Purvis ( born 24 September 1961 ) , now known as Marie Morgan , is a British former racing cyclist who represented Great Britain at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics .
Susumu Takano ( born 21 May 1961 ) is a Japanese former sprinter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics , in the 1988 Summer Olympics , and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
David Bueso Guerrero ( born 5 May 1955 ) is a Honduran football midfielder who was a non - playing squad member of Honduras at the 1982 FIFA World Cup .
Anders Dahl - Nielsen ( born January 27 , 1951 ) is a former Danish handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics , in the 1980 Summer Olympics , and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Zdravko Miljak ( born 11 September 1950 ) is a Croatian handball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Iqbal Muhammad is a boxer from Pakistan who won the gold medal in the light heavyweight category at the 1978 Asian Games in Bangkok .
Li Yuanyuan ( Chinese : 李园圆 , born 24 September 1976 ) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Alexis Guyodo ( 19 June 1922 -- 7 April 2014 ) was a French steeplechaser who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Kayla Clarke ( born 6 August 1991 ) is an Australian swimmer who represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming , and has medalled at the 2010 Australian Disability Age Group Nationals , and 2010 International Paralympic Swimming World Championships , 2009 Queensland State Championships , 2009 Queensland Secondary School Titles , and 2009 Global Games .
Mark Bulkeley ( born 3 April 1979 ) is a British sailor who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Anthony Zahn ( born October 14 , 1976 ) is an American cyclist who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing , China .
Lovro Radonjić ( born November 26 , 1925 ) is a Croat water polo player and butterfly swimmer who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1952 , 1956 , and 1960 Summer Olympics .
Rudolf Bosshard ( born 1890 , date of death unknown ) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics , in the 1924 Summer Olympics , and in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
José María Pagoaga Larrañaga ( Mutriku , November 11 , 1951 - Donostia , June 29 , 1995 ) was a former Basque handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics for Spain .
Larbi El Hadi ( born 27 May 1961 ) is an Algerian football goalkeeper who played for Algeria in the 1986 FIFA World Cup .
Jürgen Heinsch ( born 4 July 1940 in Lübeck ) is a German former football player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Federico Neumayer is an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 100 m backstroke .
Nedim Günar ( January 2 1932 , Balıkesir - September 7 2011 , İstanbul ) was a Turkish football defender who played for Turkey in the 1954 FIFA World Cup .
Darryn Gallagher ( born 24 April 1977 ) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Ewa Dederko ( born May 19 , 1974 in Blachownia ) is a triathlete from Poland , who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Uffe Schultz Larsen ( 2 June 1921 -- 29 November 2005 ) was a Danish sport shooter who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics , the 1952 Summer Olympics , the 1956 Summer Olympics and at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Sixto Ibáñez ( born 2 April 1909 ) was an Argentine racewalker who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Sherry Lawrence ( born on January 17 , 1984 ) is a Canadian alpine skier who represented Canada at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin , Italy .
Jermin Anwar ( Arabic : جيرمين انور‎ ; born September 30 , 1986 in Cairo ) is an Egyptian taekwondo practitioner , who competed in the women 's flyweight category at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Zhou Xiaolan ( simplified Chinese : 周晓兰 , born October 9 , 1957 ) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Allan Leibel ( born 28 February 1945 ) is a former Canadian sailor who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Maik Eckhardt ( born 4 June 1970 in Bad Berleburg ) is a German sport shooter who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics , in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , in the 2008 Summer Olympics , and in the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Raatbek Sanatbayev ( May 7 , 1969 -- January 8 , 2006 in Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan ) was a Kyrgyz Greco - Roman wrestler who competed in the Men 's Greco - Roman 82 kg at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the Men 's Greco - Roman 85 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
György Kutasi ( September 16 , 1910 in Fiume -- June 29 , 1977 in Melbourne , Australia ) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Zdeslav Vrdoljak ( born 15 March 1971 in Split ) is a water polo player from Croatia , who was a member of the national team that won the silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Carlos Roselló Betbeze ( born May 2 , 1922 ) was a Uruguayan basketball player who competed in the 1948 and the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Vesna Radović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Весна Радовић , German : Vesna Radovic , born 7 September 1954 in Mostar ) is a former Yugoslav / Austrian handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Richard Krebs ( 30 July 1906 -- 29 June 1996 ) was a German sprinter who won a silver medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Bruno Nöckler ( 6 October 1956 in Prettau -- 17 August 1982 in Ruapehu ) was an Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics at Lake Placid , where he finished in sixth place overall in the giant slalom .
Alberts Ozoliņš ( 10 May 1896 -- 28 February 1985 ) was a Latvian weightlifter who competed for Latvia at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris at age 27 .
Paul Elaisa ( born 21 January 1994 in Suva ) is a swimmer who competed for Fiji at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Christopher Reitz ( born 3 April 1973 in Frankfurt am Main , Hessen ) is a German field hockey goalkeeper , who represented Germany in the 1992 , 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics .
Caren Jungjohann ( born December 23 , 1967 in Duisburg , Nordrhein - Westfalen ) is a former field hockey player from Germany , who was a member of the Women 's National Team that won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Jan Piecko ( born February 3 , 1955 ) is a former Polish ice hockey player who played for the Poland men 's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo .
Roberto Ferraris ( born 16 January 1952 ) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics , in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Hans Peter Ludvig Dam ( March 24 , 1884 -- March 29 , 1972 ) was a Danish freestyle and backstroke swimmer who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and 1908 Summer Olympics .
Rosemary Ryan ( born 8 November 1975 ) is a retired Irish long - distance runner who was on the Ireland 2000 Summer Olympics team .
Juan Kahnert ( born March 4 , 1928 ) represented Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London , he was entered in the Shot put .
Ibrahim Bilali ( born July 21 , 1965 ) is a retired flyweight boxer from Kenya , who won the bronze medal in the flyweight division ( -- 51 kg ) at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Tadeusz Trojanowski ( born January 1 , 1933 in Straszów -- February 10 , 1997 in Warsaw ) was a Polish wrestler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Victor Fontan ( born Pau , France , 18 June 1892 , died Saint - Vincent 2 January 1982 ) was a French cyclist who led the 1929 Tour de France but dropped out after knocking at doors at night to ask for another bicycle .
Ferdinand Cattini ( September 27 , 1916 in Grono , Switzerland -- August 17 , 1969 in Davos , Switzerland ) was a Swiss ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and 1948 Winter Olympics .
Torkel Persson ( June 21 , 1894 , Undersåker , Jämtland -- August 6 , 1972 ) was a Swedish cross country skier from Offerdal in Jämtland who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics .
Deanna Lockett ( born 13 November 1995 ) is an Australian speed skater competing in the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Valeri Goryushev ( Russian : Валерий Горюшев , 26 April 1974 -- 28 April 2014 ) was a Russian volleyball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Aldo Canti ( born 9 March 1961 ) is a French and later Sammarinese former sprinter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Alois Schnabel ( born 27 February 1910 - died 20 September 1982 ) was an Austrian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Anna Dogonadze ( Georgian : ანა დოღონაძე ) is a German gymnast of Georgian origin who won a gold medal in the event of trampolining at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Jeong Gi - dong ( born 13 May 1961 ) is a South Korean football goalkeeper who played for South Korea in the 1984 Asian Cup and 1990 FIFA World Cup .
Viktoriya Troytskaya ( née Taranina , Russian : Виктория Тройцкая , née Таранина , born April 18 , 1969 ) is a Russian short track speed skater who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Winter Olympics and for Russia in the 1994 Winter Olympics .
Pauline Sillett ( born 22 April 1949 in Bury , Greater Manchester ) is a retired British freestyle swimmer who participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Ichiko Sato ( Japanese : 佐藤 伊知子 ; born March 11 , 1965 ) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and 1992 Summer Olympics .
Said Ghandi ( born 1947 ) is a Moroccan football midfielder who played for the Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup .
Didier Poissant ( born 30 September 1923 ) is a former French sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Serhiy Pichuhin ( Ukrainian : Сергій Пічугін ; Russian : Сергей Пичугин ; born 13 March 1961 ) is a Ukrainian Olympics sailor that represented the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics and Ukraine in the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics .
Igors Vihrovs ( born 6 June 1978 in Riga ) is a Latvian gymnast , who won the Gold Medal in floor exercise at the 2000 Summer Olympics , and the Bronze Medals in floor exercise in 2000 European Championships and 2001 World Championships .
Anthony Whiteman ( born 13 November 1971 ) is a British middle distance runner who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Slobodan Mišković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Слободан Мишковић , born December 12 , 1944 ) is a Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Juan Armando Quintanilla Loredo ( born April 19 , 1968 in San Luis Potosí , San Luis Potosí ) is a retired long - distance runner from Mexico , who won two gold medals at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata , Argentina : in the men 's 5.000 and 10.000 metres .
Harald Eriksson ( or Ericsson , 22 September 1921 -- 20 May 2015 ) was a Swedish cross - country skier who won the silver medal in the the 50 km event at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz .
Eduard Thelen ( born on September 7 , 1946 ) is a former field hockey player from Germany , who was a member of the West - German team that defeated Pakistan in the final of the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich .
Ilmar Kullam ( 15 June 1922 -- 2 November 2011 ) was an Estonian basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Osvald Käpp ( 17 February 1905 -- 22 December 1995 ) was an Estonian wrestler who won a gold medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Pietro Piller Cottrer ( born 20 December 1974 ) is an Italian former cross - country skier who won gold medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin .
Christopher Kyle Carr ( born September 15 , 1986 ) is an American short track speed skater who has qualified for the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Yoshio Sakai ( Japanese : 酒井義雄 ) ( born May 2 , 1910 , date of death unknown ) was a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
William Beattie Ramsay ( December 12 , 1895 -- September 30 , 1952 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player who won an Olympic gold medal as a member of the Toronto Granites ice hockey team that represented Canada in ice hockey at the 1924 Winter Olympics .
Taylor Takata ( born April 6 , 1982 ) is an American athlete who placed 9th at Men 's Judo ( 66 kg Weight Category ) in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Heykel Megannem ( born 28 February 1977 ) is a Tunisian handball player who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament where Tunisia lost in the quarterfinals .
Monika Maierhofer ( born 10 January 1967 in Trofaiach ) is an Austrian former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics .
Jairzinho scored two goals in the 1974 FIFA World Cup , which would prove to be his last World Cup for Brazil .
Marshall Wayne ( May 25 , 1912 -- June 16 , 1999 ) was an American diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Marco Gerini ( born 5 August 1971 ) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
József Ónody ( September 12 , 1882 -- April 17 , 1957 ) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Sandra Frei ( born 6 August 1984 ) is a snowboarder set to represent Switzerland at the 2010 Winter Olympics in cross .
Jo Galletly ( born 18 July 1979 ) is a New Zealand field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Harcourt Ommundsen ( 23 November 1878 -- 19 September 1915 ) was a British sport shooter , who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and 1912 Summer Olympics .
Johan Museeuw started his professional career in 1988 with ADR . In 1989 he was part of the ADR team with which Greg LeMond won his second Tour de France .
Ferdinand Bracke ( born 25 May 1939 ) is a former Belgian professional road and track cyclist who is most famous for holding the World Hour Record ( 48.093 km ) and winning the overall title at the 1971 Vuelta a España in front of Wilfried David of Belgium and Luis Ocaña of Spain .
Jorge Wilson is a field hockey player , who competed for Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics , he played in two group games .
Albert Frits Ruimschotel ( February 28 , 1922 in Pangkal Pinang , Dutch East Indies -- May 28 , 1987 in Utrecht ) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Joan Benoit Samuelson ( born May 16 , 1957 ) is an American marathon runner who won gold at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , the year that the women 's marathon was introduced .
Lesle - Ann George ( born 20 October 1985 ) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Robert Lechner ( born 22 January 1967 in Bruckmühl ) is a retired track cyclist who competed for West Germany at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , winning a bronze medal in the 1000 metres time trial .
Lucjan Kulej , nom de guerre Ostoja ( November 26 , 1896 -- July 13 , 1971 ) was a Polish jurist and ice hockey player who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics .
Guram Kostava won a bronze in the team épée event at the 1960 Summer Olympics and another one in the individual épée event at the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Issa / Issah Samir ( born July 26 , 1989 ) is a Ghanaian boxer who won silver in the bantamweight division at the 2007 All - Africa Games and qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Jana Lahodová , married Vudmasková ( 4 June 1957 in Hradec Králové -- 15 October 2010 ) was a Czech field hockey player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Chen Junyi ( simplified Chinese : 陈俊毅 ; traditional Chinese : 陳俊毅 ; pinyin : Chén Jùnyì ; Cantonese : Chan4 Jeun3 Ngai6 ; born 26 August 1981 in Tianjin , China ) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Jesse Mahieu ( born August 12 , 1978 in Best , North Brabant ) is a field hockey defender from the Netherlands , who won the silver medal with the Dutch national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Witold Ziaja ( born November 16 , 1940 in Siemianowice Śląskie , Upper Silesia ) is a former field hockey player from Poland , who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Katarína Hasprová ( born 10 September 1972 in Bratislava ) is a singer from Slovakia , best - known outside her home country for singing `` Modlitba '' at the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 .
Hans - Johann Färber ( born April 20 , 1947 ) is a German rower who competed for West Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Sieta Posthumus ( born 22 April 1936 ) is a retired Dutch freestyle swimmer who participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics in the 4×100 m freestyle relay .
Andrés Gazzotti ( May 5 , 1896 - -1984 ) was an Argentine polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Jason Rosener ( born on February 12 , 1975 ) is a retired American alpine skier who was in the 1998 Winter Olympics .
Pat Leane ( born 11 January 1930 ) is an Australian former track and field athlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Robinho was named in Brazil 's squad for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany .
Cédric Paty ( born 25 July 1981 in Châtillon - sur - Seine , Côte - d'Or ) is a French handball player , who won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Sam Ingram ( born 21 August 1985 ) is a British Paralympic Judo competitor who represented the United Kingdom at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London .
Karl - Heinz Krüger ( born December 25 , 1953 ) is a retired boxer , who represented East Germany at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , Soviet Union .
Hailey Duke ( born September 17 , 1985 in Sun Valley , Idaho ) is an alpine skier who skied for United States at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
Lawrie Fernandes ( 1929 -- January 22 , 1995 ) was an Indian hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Elisabetta Dessy ( born 28 November 1957 ) is an Italian former model , actress and swimmer who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Ippolito Sanfratello ( born 11 March 1973 ) is an ice speed skater from Italy , who won the gold medal in the Team Pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Adolf Metzner ( 25 April 1910 -- 5 March 1978 ) was a German athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Klemen Bergant ( born 14 September 1966 ) is a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1988 Winter Olympics and for Slovenia in the 1992 Winter Olympics .
Helene Raynsford is a British rower who competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics .
A three - time winner of the European Championships , four - time World Cup Champion and Olympic bronze medallist at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Pascal Gentil is the most decorated taekwondo practitioner in French taekwondo history .
Huang Shaohua ( born 1984 - 01 - 31 in Nanning , Guangxi ) is a Chinese swimmer , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Yelena Shvaybovich ( Belarusian : Алена Швайбовіч ; born 3 February 1966 in Minsk , Belarussian SSR ) is a Belarusian former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Evelyn Matz ( born November 22 , 1955 in Berlin ) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Justinas Lagunavičius ( September 4 , 1924 -- July 15 , 1997 ) was a Lithuanian basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Stefanos Chandakas ( Greek : Στέφανος Χανδακας ; born 27 March 1972 ) is a Greek sailor , who represented his country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .
Silvia Fröhlich ( born 24 February 1959 ) is a German rower who won a gold medal in the coxed fours at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Nelson Chelle ( May 18 , 1931 -- December 17 , 2001 ) was a basketball player from Uruguay , who won the bronze medal with the men 's national team at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne , Australia .
J. Graham Kenion ( 1871 - -1942 ) was a sailor from the Great Britain , who represented his native country at the 1908 Summer Olympics in Hunters Quay , Great Britain .
Revaz Mindorashvili ( Georgian : რევაზ მინდორაშვილი , born July 1 , 1976 ) is a Georgian wrestler , who has won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Rafał Grotowski ( born September 18 , 1973 in Poznań , Wielkopolskie ) is a field hockey player from Poland , who was a member of the Men 's National Team that ended up in twelfth and last place at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
Karl - August Stolze ( born 28 August 1920 ) is a German former sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Kazi Yunus Ahmed ( Bengali : কাজী ইউনুস আহমেদ ) ( born 2 January 1980 ) is a Bangladeshi kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games .
Anna - Lisa Eriksson ( 21 June 1928 -- 26 May 2012 ) was a Swedish cross country skier who won a bronze medal in the 3×5 km at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo .
Sabrina Del Mastio ( born 10 March 1971 ) is an Italian softball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Sophia Vossou ( Greek : Σοφία Βόσσου ; born 5 December 1961 ) is a Greek singer best known abroad for representing Greece at the Eurovision Song Contest 1991 where she was placed 13th with the song `` I Anixi '' .
Marija Tonković , married Pavićević , ( born 23 November 1959 ) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Shuji Tazawa ( born 29 April 1968 ) is a Japanese sport shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Vlado Lisjak ( born 29 April 1962 in Petrinja ) is a former Croatian Greco - Roman wrestler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia .
Lelia Kym Carter Begel ( born March 12 , 1964 in Inglewood , California ) , also known as Kym Carter , is a former heptathlete from the United States , who represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Michelle Brogan ( born 8 February 1973 in Adelaide , South Australia ) is a former basketball player from Australia , who won the bronze medal with the Australia women 's national basketball team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
David Dunford competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Tania Seino ( born 7 March 1973 ) is a Cuban former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Cho Jae - hak ( Hangul : 조재학 ; born 28 February 1949 ) is a South Korean former volleyball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Georgy Tenadze ( born May 24 , 1962 ) is a Georgian judoka who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Zou Shiming competed in his first amateur boxing competition at the 2004 Asian Amateur Boxing Championships and won silver , losing in the final to Noman Karim but qualifying for the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Tian Jianxia ( born 3 September 1986 ) is a Chinese men 's handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Knud Enemark Jensen ( 30 November 1936 -- 26 August 1960 ) was a Danish cyclist who died while participating in the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome , Italy .
Cathryn Wightman ( born 8 July 1978 ) is an Australian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Anita Galić ( born March 11 , 1985 in Split ) is a freestyle swimmer from Croatia , who made her Olympic debut for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , competing in 400 meters and 800 meters freestyle .
Min Byung - dae ( Hangul : 민병대 , Hanja : 閔丙大 ; 20 February 1918 -- 4 January 1983 ) was a South Korean football defender who played for the South Korea in the 1954 FIFA World Cup .
4Fun represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki and finished 21st with 28 points , with major votes from Ireland ( 12 points ) and Latvia ( 10 points ) .
Majid Rezaei ( Persian : مجید رضایی‎ ) is a retired Iranian goalkeeper who played for Iran national football team in 1986 Asian Games .
Philipp Schenk ( born December 3 , or December 14 , 1914 ) was a German ice hockey player who competed for the German national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch - Partenkirchen .
Giuseppe Domenichelli ( July 31 , 1887 - March 13 , 1955 ) , was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Baron Charles de Jaubert ( 19 April 1864 -- 13 June 1935 ) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Carlos Blixen ( born December 27 , 1936 ) is a retired basketball player from Uruguay , who won the bronze medal with the men 's national team at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne , Australia .
Einar Halling - Johansson ( born October 14 , 1893 - died ? ) was a Swedish amateur football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics ( reserve player ) He was a member of the Swedish Olympic squad .
Marcel Matanin ( born December 15 , 1973 in Vranov nad Topľou ) is a long - distance runner from Slovakia , who represented his native country in the men 's marathon at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
José Salomón Nazar Ordóñez ( born 7 September 1953 ) is a retired Honduran football goalkeeper who played for Honduras in the 1982 FIFA World Cup .
Denise Newman ( later Denise St Aubyn Hubbard ; 19 February 1924 -- 22 January 2016 ) was a British diver who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Bernardo Ruiz Navarrete ( born January 8 , 1925 in Orihuela ) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer who won the overall and climbers competition at the 1948 Vuelta a España .
Cummin Clancy ( 9 November 1922 -- 15 February 2013 ) was an Irish athlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in the discus event .
Jerzy Greszkiewicz ( January 16 , 1950 ) He is a Polish sport shooter and won a bronze medal in the 50 metre rifle prone event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal .
Sophie Wells MBE ( born on 5 May 1990 ) is a British para - equestrian who won three medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics .
Aleksander Mitt ( 8 February 1903 in Tartu , Estonia -- 18 April 1942 , Kirov , Russia ) was an Estonian speed skater who competed at the 1928 and 1936 Winter Olympics .
Gösta Lindh ( 8 February 1924 -- 4 January 1984 ) was a Swedish association football player won a bronze medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Roia Zamani is a taekwondo practitioner from Afghanistan , who is perhaps best known for her bronze medal finish at the 2002 Asian Games held in Busan , South Korea .
`` The Color of Love '' is the lead single by R&B vocal group Boyz II Men from the album Full Circle .
Punk Statik Paranoia is the third album by the alternative metal band Orgy .
Nobody I Know is a song written by Paul McCartney ( attributed to Lennon -- McCartney ) which Peter and Gordon recorded in an April 1964 Abbey Road Studio session :
Impact Exciter is the eighth studio album by Japanese voice actress and pop singer Nana Mizuki .
3oclockreep is a 2008 album from Paul Westerberg .
`` 1/2 & 1/2 '' is a single by Gang Starr ( feat . M.O.P. ) , taken from the soundtrack album Blade :
`` No Resolution '' is the 14th single from South African post - grunge / alternative metal band Seether , and the third from the band 's fifth studio album Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray .
`` The Arms of the One Who Loves You '' is a 1998 Pop ballad released on Valentine 's Day by American recording group Xscape .
`` Blank Page '' is a song recorded by American singer - songwriter Christina Aguilera , taken from her seventh studio album , Lotus ( 2012 ) .
Cinemathique is the third album by collaborative band Tuatara .
Café Passé is the second album to be released by the Austrian group Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung ( EAV ) .
What Price Paradise is the fourth studio album by English new wave group China Crisis .
Brother 's Blood is the fifth studio album by American indie rock musician Kevin Devine , his first album since 2006 and first release on the Favorite Gentlemen record label .
`` Hip Hop Hooray '' is a song by American hip hop group , Naughty by Nature .
For All I Care is an album by The Bad Plus with Wendy Lewis on vocals .
`` Run Away ( I Wanna Be with U ) '' is a song by American R&B recording artist Nivea , taken from her self - titled debut album .
Panic of Girls is the ninth studio album by the American rock band Blondie .
Once Again It 's Christmas is a holiday album by Kenny Rogers .
Thank Me Later is the debut studio album by Canadian recording artist Drake , released on June 15 , 2010 , by Aspire Music Group , Young Money Entertainment , Cash Money Records , and Universal Motown Records .
Does This Look Infected ? is the second studio album by the rock band Sum 41 .
`` Catch Me ( I 'm Falling ) '' is a dance - pop song released by the American group Pretty Poison in 1987 .
The Quicksilver Meat Dream is the fourth album by the Canadian alternative rock band I Mother Earth , released by Universal on April 8 , 2003 .
`` More Than I Know '' is the second single released under the Leftfield name .
Flowergirls & Cowgirls is an album released by New Zealand twin musicians , Topp Twins in 2005 .
`` All She Wants Is '' is the eighteenth single from Duran Duran , and the second single from the Big Thing album .
Machineries of Joy is a studio album by British indie rock band British Sea Power .
`` I Have Forgiven Jesus '' is a song written by Morrissey from his 2004 album You Are the Quarry .
`` You Should Be Mine ( Do n't Waste Your Time ) '' is a 1997 lead single by Brian McKnight featuring Mase & Kelly Price from his third studio album Anytime .
`` The Rain Song '' is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin , and the second track from their fifth album Houses of the Holy , released in 1973 .
At the Soundless Dawn is Red Sparowes ' 2005 debut release .
Ca n't Wait Another Day is the sixth album from Brooklyn , New York indie pop band The Ladybug Transistor , and the last to feature drummer San Fadyl .
Re - Ron is a 1984 song by Gil Scott - Heron .
`` Say Hey ( I Love You ) '' is a single by Michael Franti & Spearhead featuring Jamaica soulstress Cherine Anderson released in 2009 from their album All Rebel Rockers .
`` Warped '' is a song by the American alternative rock group Red Hot Chili Peppers , from their 1995 album , One Hot Minute .
`` The Song We Made Love To '' is a song written by Kenneth Wahle and recorded by American country music artist Mickey Gilley .
Be What You Are is a 1973 soul album by The Staple Singers .
Pony Ride is the fourth and the last studio album by Finnish Britpop band The Crash , released on 27 September 2006 .
`` Betcha Ca n't Do It Like Me '' is a song by Atlanta - based hip - hop group D4L from their debut album Down for Life .
Nothing to Gain is the third and final full - length album recorded by the San Francisco Bay Area thrash metal band Vio - lence .
`` Bitches Ai n't Shit '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist and record producer Dr. Dre , taken from his debut studio album The Chronic ( 1992 ) .
TRB Two ( also known as TRB2 ) is the second studio album by Tom Robinson Band .
Tiger , My Friend is the first album by electronica band Psapp .
A Book of Songs for Anne Marie is the fourth studio album by American singer - songwriter Baby Dee .
Pumphonia is the debut album by electronic musicians Benassi Bros. , released in 2004 .
Do It for Free is the second album by Atlanta - based band The Constellations .
Made in Twenty ( 20 ) is the fifth studio album by South Korean pop singer BoA.
`` The Heart Is Not So Smart '' was a moderate hit single recorded by DeBarge for the Gordy label .
Momenti is a 1982 album by Julio Iglesias recorded in Italian .
`` Paper in Fire '' is a song by American rock singer John Mellencamp , released as the first single from his ninth studio album The Lonesome Jubilee .
Booker ' n ' Brass is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1967 for the Pacific Jazz label .
`` Cailin '' is a song by the San Diego - based rock band Unwritten Law from their 1998 album Unwritten Law .
Socialismo Tascabile ( Prove Tecniche di Trasmissione ) is the debut album by Italian indie / electronica band Offlaga Disco Pax .
R.Hide in Plain Site is the fourth and final studio album by American acid house disc jockey Romanthony .
Armageddon 's Evolution is the second full - length album by the Blackened death metal band Crionics .
Friar Tut is an album by Americana and Bluegrass dobro player Tut Taylor , released in 1972 .
Dust Bowl Revival is the debut album by Canadian band Ox , released in 2003 .
Pust budet vsjo ( Russian : Пусть будет все ) is the fourth album by Estonian rock band Ruja .
`` Y'All Want a Single '' is a song written and recorded by American nu metal band Korn for their sixth studio album , Take a Look in the Mirror .
Gate I is the fourth album released by Japanese pop rock trio Iceman .
`` It Is n't , It Was n't , It Ai n't Never Gon na Be '' is a duet recorded between Aretha Franklin and Whitney Houston , and appeared on Franklin 's 1989 album Through the Storm .
Hilia Hronia ( Greek : Χίλια Χρόνια ; English : A thousand years ) is the name of the fourth studio album by Greek musical group C : Real .
Old Ground is an album released by Seven Nations , at that time known as Clan na Gael , in 1995 .
`` Sha - La - La - La - Lee '' was the third song by English R&B influenced group Small Faces , released on 28 January 1966 and reaching number three in the UK Singles Chart .
Nuttin ' Less Nuttin ' Mo ' is the second and final album released by rap group , the College Boyz .
Cendre is a 2007 studio album , a collaboration between Christian Fennesz and Ryuichi Sakamoto .
Life on the Wire is British jazz fusion duo Morrissey-- Mullen 's fourth album .
Tu - Plang ( ตู้เพลง Thai for Jukebox ) ( 1996 ) was the first album released by Regurgitator after making two EPs .
Mes couleurs is the second studio album by French pop - R&B singer - songwriter Leslie Bourgoin , released on May 11 , 2004 .
`` Love Interruption '' is the first single from Jack White 's debut solo album , Blunderbuss .
Reencuentros is a collection of hits by Mexican pop singer Yuri .
`` Hey Now ( Mean Muggin ) '' is the first single from rapper Xzibit 's album , Weapons of Mass Destruction .
Falso Brilhante ( English : Fake diamond ) is a 1976 studio album released by the critically acclaimed Brazilian MPB singer Elis Regina .
`` Tell Laura I Love Her '' , a teenage tragedy song written by Jeff Barry and Ben Raleigh , was an American Top Ten popular music hit for singer Ray Peterson in 1960 on RCA Victor Records , reaching # 7 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart .
The Lower East Side of Life is the second studio album to be released by American country music artist Eric Heatherly .
Mmhmm is the fourth full - length album by pop punk band Relient K , released in November 2004 .
Abbey Is Blue is the fourth album by American jazz vocalist Abbey Lincoln featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label .
Everybody Else Is Doing It , So Why Ca n't We ? is the debut album by Irish rock band The Cranberries .
Bi - Coastal is an album released in 1980 by Australian singer and songwriter Peter Allen .
Cowboy 's Sweetheart is the name of a studio album , released by country singer Lynn Anderson in 1992 .
Mixed - Up Confusion is a song written and recorded by Bob Dylan , and released as his first single .
`` Needing / Getting '' is a song by American alternative rock band OK Go , from their 2010 album Of the Blue Colour of the Sky .
Alemony Eneeki ( Arabic : علموني عنيكي‎ ) is a 1977 studio album by Mohamed Mounir .
Wave of Sorrow is an album by Moldovan pianist Mikhail Alperin and Russian French horn player Arkady Shilkloper recorded in 1989 and released on the ECM label .
Girls ' Generation II ~Girls & Peace~ is the second Japanese album ( fifth overall ) by South Korean girl group Girls ' Generation .
`` Tart Tart '' is a 1987 single by the Madchester band Happy Mondays .
Love Drunk is the second studio album recorded by rock / pop band Boys Like Girls .
Gilbert Hotel is a 2003 solo album by Paul Gilbert formerly of the heavy metal band Racer X and the hard rock band Mr. Big .
`` Free Fallin ' '' is the opening track from Tom Petty 's 1989 solo debut album , Full Moon Fever .
30 unohtumatonta laulua is a second compilation album by a Finnish singer - songwriter Aki Sirkesalo .
U mojoj sobi ( Serbian : In My Room ) is a second studio album by Serbian pop singer Aleksandra Kovač .
Curves Ahead is the fifth album by the American Jazz group The Rippingtons , released in 1991 for the GRP label .
Raw Blues Power is a collaborative Blues rock album by guitarist Paul Gilbert and his uncle Jimi Kidd .
A Donde Vas ( Eng . : `` Where are you Going '' ) is the ninth studio album released by Los Bukis in 1985 .
`` When It 's Time '' is a song by the American rock band Green Day from American Idiot :
`` Everything ( It 's You ) '' is the thirteenth single released by Japanese rock band Mr. Children on February 5 , 1997 .
`` Red Sector A '' is a song by Rush that provides a first - person account of a nameless protagonist living in an unspecified prison camp setting .
`` Megatron Man '' is a 1981 dance single by producer Patrick Cowley .
Sweet Soulful Music , released in August 2006 , was Andy Fairweather Low 's first solo album in twenty six years .
Mesmerized by the Sirens is the second studio album by the Darkwave band Black Tape for a Blue Girl .
Nueva Generación is the third studio album released by Puerto Rican Reggaeton artist Speedy .
In Our Heads is the fifth studio album by English electronic music band Hot Chip , released on 6 June 2012 .
Odyssey Number Five is the fourth studio album by the Australian rock band Powderfinger , produced by Nick DiDia and released on 4 September 2000 .
Remnants of War is the second album by Helstar released by Combat in 1986 .
La chica del trébol is an album by Spanish singer and actress singer Rocío Dúrcal , released in 1963 .
Diary of a Sadist is the second album from British metal band Zero Cipher .
Love , Gloom , Cash , Love is the final album by American jazz pianist Herbie Nichols , featuring performances recorded and released on the Bethlehem label in 1957 .
Sweet Trials is the follow - up release to the self titled debut album of New Zealand - born singer Mark Williams .
`` Baila Mi Rumba '' ( `` Dance My Rumba '' ) is a dance song written by Isidore York , Rudy Pérez and V. M. Hernández , produced by Perez and Emilio Estefan , Jr. , and performed by Venezuelan singer José Luis Rodríguez `` El Puma '' .
`` I ( Who Have Nothing ) '' ( sometimes billed as `` I Who Have Nothing '' ) is a song originally released in English by Ben E. King in 1963 .
`` The Light in Your Eyes '' is a song written by Dan Tyler , and recorded by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes .
`` I Wanna Live '' is a song written by John D. Loudermilk and recorded by American country music singer Glen Campbell .
Goodbye , You Suck is the second single by Canadian pop / rock singer Shiloh .
Los Diablos is a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer / arranger / conductor Aldemaro Romero , released in 1962 , ( see 1962 in music ) with the record label Cymbal .
Man from Wareika was the first album recording for Rico Rodriguez led by his own artistic imagination , and his first recording created for album release .
Mother of Disease is a full - length album created by the neoclassical Swedish band Puissance in 1998 .
Vodka & Ayahuasca is the second full - length studio album by the California - based hip hop duo Gangrene .
My Story , Your Song 經典全紀錄 is a compilation album for the Singaporean singer Stefanie Sun ( 孫燕姿 ) , and the last work of hers released under Warner label .
Welcome to My Party is Rusted Root 's fifth studio album .
Some Lessons Learned is the fourth album by singer and actress Kristin Chenoweth .
`` Someone You Used to Know '' is a song written by Julian A. Williams , and Rory Lee Feek and recorded by American country music singer Collin Raye .
`` At the Beginning '' is a song by Donna Lewis and Richard Marx , released as the first single from the Anastasia soundtrack .
Little Magnets Versus the Bubble of Babble was the third album by UK pop rock band Transvision Vamp .
`` Lose My Mind '' is the first single released from Young Jeezy 's album , Thug Motivation 103 :
`` Badd '' is the second single from the Ying Yang Twins ' album U.S.A. ( United State of Atlanta ) .
`` Rebel Love Song '' is the fifth single by American rock band , Black Veil Brides , and the third single from their second album Set the World on Fire .
`` Wax Simulacra '' is a single from the album The Bedlam in Goliath by The Mars Volta .
For You , Nostalgia is an album by Steve Millar , released in July 2008 .
Spiderland is the second and final studio album by the American rock band Slint .
Bratříčku , zavírej vrátka ( English : Close the Gate , Little Brother ) is the debut album by Karel Kryl , issued in Czechoslovakia by the record company Panton in 1969 .
`` Me Plus One '' is a song by English rock band Kasabian and is the fourth track on their second album , Empire .
Za7ie is a multi - release musical project , by French singer - songwriter Zazie .
Den Fagraste Rosa / Loveliest Rose ( released 2001 / 2002 on the Heilo catalog at the Grappa label - HCD 7168 ) is the first Christmas album from Norwegian folk band Bukkene Bruse .
Under the Influences , the second ( and most recent ) solo album from Social Distortion 's Mike Ness , is a compilation of country , rock , and bluegrass covers released just six months after his first solo effort , Cheating at Solitaire .
`` 3 O'Clock Blues '' or `` Three O'Clock Blues '' is a slow twelve - bar blues recorded by Lowell Fulson in 1946 .
`` Arms Around Your Love '' is the third single from Chris Cornell 's second solo album , Carry On .
The Whole World 's Rotten is the third and final studio album by rap group , DFC .
Sleep , or Forever Hold Your Piece was the fifth full - length LP by Sleep Chamber .
`` Vois comme c'est beau '' ( meaning `` Look How Beautiful it Is '' ) is a duet between Claudette Dion and her sister , Celine Dion , released as a single from Claudette Dion 's album Hymnes à l'amour : volume 2 .
`` Spirits ( Having Flown ) '' is a song by the Bee Gees which was originally released on the 1979 album Spirits Having Flown .
`` Si loin de vous ( Hey oh ... par la radio ) '' is a song recorded by the French - born R&B singer Nâdiya and written by Thierry Gronfier , Nâdiya and Mehdy Boussaïd .
Prisoner of Conscious is the fifth solo studio album by American rapper Talib Kweli .
`` Gold Guns Girls '' is the fourth single from Canadian rock group Metric 's fourth studio album Fantasies .
`` On My Knees '' is the first single by the British R&B group The 411 , released in late May 2004 and featured on their first album , Between the Sheets .
Let 's Go Bang is the second solo studio album by actress and singer Jennifer Love Hewitt .
`` Srdcia dievčat '' ( English : Girlie Hearts ) is a song by the female singer Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1982 .
10 Years of Cheap Fame is the fifth and last album by 28 Days .
Grooves in the Temple ( released 2005 ) is an album by Brazilian bassist Jorge Pescara .
Veintisiete ( Eng . : Twenty Seven ) is the title of a cover album released by romantic music group Los Temerarios .
The K&D Sessions is the second DJ mix compilation album by the Vienna - based duo Kruder & Dorfmeister .
`` My Happy Ending '' is a song by Canadian singer - songwriter Avril Lavigne , written by herself and Butch Walker for her second studio album , Under My Skin ( 2004 ) .
Serious Japanese is the second album released by Japanese hip - hop group Teriyaki Boyz .
`` I 've Got Nothing '' is a song released by the participants of the BBC Two documentary series Chartjackers and is credited as such .
Live at Montreux 1996 is a live album and DVD by British hard rock band Deep Purple , recorded in 1996 and released in 2006 .
Workin ' Out ! is an album by American jazz pianist Bobby Timmons recorded in 1964 and released in 1965 on the Prestige label .
LAIBACHKUNSTDERFUGE ( always written as a whole word but sometimes dividing it with colors as LAI - BACH - KUNST - DER - FUGE ) is a concept album by NSK industrial group Laibach .
Dizzy in Greece is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1956 and 1957 and released on the Verve label .
Nomadesongar ( released 2004 in Oslo , Norway by the label Tylden & Co -- GTACD 8263 ) is a music album with the Norwegian folk singer Lars Klevstrand .
`` Beauty of the Beast '' is a song on Finnish symphonic power metal quintet Nightwish 's fourth album , Century Child .
Con Mis Propias Manos ( Eng . : With My Own Hands ) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican - American performer Lupillo Rivera .
Go Insane is the second solo album by American singer / songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist / guitarist Lindsey Buckingham .
Full of Flowers is an album by the Brazilian composer Milton Pinto .
Blu Blu Blu is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1991 and features performances of eight of Abrams compositions by a big band .
Tooth Fang & Claw is the seventh and final album by Ted Nugent and The Amboy Dukes .
Let 's Get Out of This Country is the third studio record by the Scottish indie pop band Camera Obscura , released by Elefant Records on 6 June 2006 .
' Ot ' n ' Sweaty is the fourth album by the American rock band Cactus released in 1972 .
`` Sorry Go ' Round '' is a limited edition single by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall with a special , black lacquered cover .
`` Beautiful Monster '' is a song by American singer Ne - Yo from his fourth studio album , Libra Scale .
`` Best Night '' is a song recorded by Australian hip hop dance and pop group Justice Crew .
Our Last Album ? is the 11th studio album by the punk band Toy Dolls .
Paracletus is the fifth full - length studio album recorded by the French black metal band Deathspell Omega , released on 9 November 2010 through Norma Evangelium Diaboli along with Season of Mist .
Funky Kingston is the name of two albums by reggae singing group Toots and the Maytals .
Bachata Rosa ( English : Pink Bachata ) is the fifth studio album by Dominican singer - songwriter Juan Luis Guerra and his group 4.40 .
A Sure Thing is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell with orchestra recorded in late 1962 and released on the Riverside label .
`` Flava in Ya Ear '' is a single by American rapper Craig Mack .
Back Sides is a third studio album by American alternative rock band Lazlo Bane and their first digital only release .
`` Du temps '' is a 2011 dance - pop song by French singer Mylène Farmer .
Enlighten the Darkness is the 5th studio album by German heavy metal band Angel Dust , released in 2000 .
`` Summer Time Gone '' is Mai Kuraki 's thirty - fourth single , released on August 31 , 2010 .
Victim of the System is the second EP by the American heavy metal band Impellitteri , originally released in 1993 .
Shut Up ' n Play Yer Guitar , a project consisting of Shut Up ' n Play Yer Guitar , Shut Up ' n Play Yer Guitar Some More and Return of the Son of Shut Up ' n Play Yer Guitar , is a series of albums by Frank Zappa .
Fully Exposed was the third studio album by soul musician , songwriter , and record producer Willie Hutch .
`` Hot Line to Heaven '' is a song co - written and performed by English girl group Bananarama .
Kära vinter is the fourth studio album from Swedish singer and model Måns Zelmerlöw .
`` Por un Segundo '' ( English : For a Second ) is Aventura 's first single from their album The Last .
`` Stupify '' is a song by the heavy metal band Disturbed .
Myself When I Am Real is the third studio album by Christian Contemporary - Folk - Pop - Rock musician Bebo Norman .
`` Juke Joint Jezebel '' is a song by industrial rock group KMFDM from their 1995 album Nihil .
`` Maybe the Last Time '' is a song written by James Brown ( under the pseudonym Ted Wright ) and recorded by Brown and The Famous Flames in 1964 .
Version intégrale is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer Garou , and his seventh album overall .
The Lo - Fi Lodge is a subscription based album by Mike Doughty .
Lights in the Night was Flash and the Pan 's 1980 album .
`` I 'll Be Good to You '' is a 1976 hit song by R&B duo The Brothers Johnson .
Grave Desires is a 1991 album by the band Lestat .
Water Sphere is the second LP from the band Pilotdrift .
Harmolodic Guitar with Strings is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in 1993 and released on the Japanese DIW label .
`` Me , Myself and Time '' is a pop song by American singer - songwriter and actress Demi Lovato , recorded for her sitcom Sonny with a Chance , is the second song from the soundtrack .
United Flow is the twelfth studio album by Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota , released on April 10 , 2002 .
Sky Like a Broken Clock is an album by American blues singer and guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps , released in 2001 .
Malafemmina is Gianna Nannini 's eighth studio album , and tenth album overall .
`` Hello ( Turn Your Radio On ) '' is a song by the British - based pop duo Shakespears Sister , and was released the fourth single from their second album Hormonally Yours .
You Better Move On is a country album by Billy `` Crash '' Craddock .
I Killed My Best Friend is the 2005 debut album from Le Volume Courbe .
The Whore 's Trophy is Symphony in Peril 's second and final full - length album , and was released on February 15 , 2005 .
Sit Stand Kneel Prey is the fifth studio album from New Jersey thrash metal band , Whiplash .
`` I Just Want to Dance with You '' is a song written by John Prine and Roger Cook , and performed by American country music singer George Strait .
The Basement Recordings is a demo release by Canadian singer - songwriter Alexz Johnson and her brother , Brendan Johnson .
Con Amor Se Gana is the title of the debut album by American salsa singer Frankie Negrón released on May 20 , 1997 .
Till varje leende , en tår is an album from Swedish pop singer Cecilia Vennersten , released in 1997 .
Chasin ' the Sun is the third studio album released by country music singer and songwriter Lionel Cartwright on the MCA label .
Werk 80 is the fifth full - length album by German industrial gothic metal band Atrocity and was released in 1997 .
For Lack of a Better Name is the fourth studio album by Canadian house producer deadmau5 .
Snakedressed is a 1997 album by Belgian industrial band Dive .
William Bloke is the seventh album by alternative folk artist Billy Bragg , released in 1996 , five years after his last studio album .
Everything Comes and Goes is an EP by Michelle Branch , released to her official website on July 16 , 2010 , and was released at iTunes on August 27 , 2010 .
The Strong Survive is the seventh album from the white power rock band Skrewdriver .
`` Tomorrow 's Way '' is the second single by the Japanese artist Yui .
`` Happy New Millennium '' is a song by Ami Suzuki , released as her ninth single under Sony Music Japan .
`` Gekkouyoku '' ( Moonlight Bath ) is Jun Shibata 's 3rd single .
Destination Set to Nowhere is a concept album by the Italian progressive power metal band Vision Divine .
TV Makes the Superstar is the only single from Modern Talking 's twelfth album , Universe , and also the band 's last single - release .
Color in Your Life is the third and final album by American new wave band Missing Persons , released in 1986 ( see 1986 in music ) .
`` One Thing Leads to Another '' is a song by new wave rock band The Fixx , from their album Reach the Beach .
`` My Plague '' is a song by American heavy metal band Slipknot , released as the third single from their second album Iowa on July 8 , 2002 .
Woman 's Got ta Have It is the second album by Cornershop , released in 1995 .
Trouble over Bridgwater is the eighth album by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit , released in 2000 .
El Mar No Cesa ( Spanish for `` The Sea Does n't Stop '' ) is the first full - length album released by Rock En Español band Héroes del Silencio , released on 31 October 1988 .
Goin' Back to New Orleans is an album by New Orleans singer and pianist Dr. John .
`` Roll Away Your Stone '' is the fourth single by London rock quartet , Mumford & Sons , taken from their debut album , Sigh No More .
Digital Veil is the third album by American progressive metal band The Human Abstract .
`` Night Time Is the Right Time '' or `` The Right Time '' is a rhythm and blues song recorded by Nappy Brown in 1957 .
From Now On New Songs + Best Selection is a studio album Malaysian singer Nicholas Teo .
Wild Dreams of New Beginnings is the third album by the Belgian rock band Admiral Freebee .
Dou3le is the last album of Swiss band Double .
This Is My Life ( La vita ) is a 1968 album by Shirley Bassey that was released in Italy on the United Artists label ( UA 9035 ) .
Merrill at Midnight is the fourth album by Helen Merrill , featuring Merrill fronting a quartet augmented by a string section arranged and conducted by Hal Mooney , recorded in 1957 and released on the EmArcy label .
Drag 'em Out is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label .
G.O.O.D. Morning , G.O.O.D. Night , is the second studio album by Chicago - based artist Malik Yusef .
`` We Are the Champions '' is a song by the British rock band Queen , first released on their 1977 album News of the World .
Notes from the Treehouse is the debut studio album by the British singer - songwriter Alessi Laurent - Marke , otherwise known as Alessi 's Ark , released in 2009 .
Born That Way is the second studio album , and third overall album , by the American country music band Boy Howdy .
Buy Me a Boat is the debut album of American country music singer Chris Janson .
`` Tell Me a Lie '' is a song written by Mickey Buckins and Barbara Wyrick , and most notably recorded by American country music artist Janie Fricke .
`` Chapel of Love '' is a song written by Jeff Barry , Ellie Greenwich and Phil Spector , and made famous by The Dixie Cups in 1964 , spending three weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Misterija ( English : Mystery ) is the debut album by the Serbian pop singer Dunja Ilić .
The Mindsweep is the fourth studio album by English rock band Enter Shikari , released on 19 January 2015 .
I Was Wrong , I 'm Sorry & I Love You ( 2013 ) is the eighth studio album from American singer - songwriter Derek Webb , released on September 3 , 2013 .
Risingson is a song by the British trip hop group Massive Attack , released as a single on 6 August 1997 .
With All My Might is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist George Fox .
Close - Up Vol . 4 , Songs of Family is the eleventh studio album by New York - based singer / songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega .
`` The Morning Papers '' is a song by Prince and The New Power Generation , from the 1992 Love Symbol album .
`` Ed ero contentissimo '' ( translated in English : `` And I was very glad '' ) is a pop song written by Italian pop singer Tiziano Ferro .
Es ist soweit ( German for It is time ) is the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz 7th album .
Let 's Stay Here is an album by the American vocalist , pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 2009 .
River at Dash Scalding is the third full length studio album , fourth album overall , by the black metal band Naer Mataron .
These Are Field Recordings is an album released independently by Matthew Ryan in 2004 .
`` The International Zone Coaster '' is the third single from Leaders of the New School debut album , A Future Without a Past .
Regenesis Creation is the third album by the American symphonic black metal band Vesperian Sorrow .
My Fair Lady Loves Jazz is an album by American jazz pianist Billy Taylor featuring performances of show tunes from the musical My Fair Lady recorded in 1957 and originally released on the ABC - Paramount label and rereleased Impulse ! label in 1964 following the release of the film .
Set Us Free is the fifth album by American organist Reuben Wilson recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label .
The Fountain of Lamneth is the fifth and final track from Rush 's third album , Caress of Steel .
`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way .
Machines Will Always Let You Down , released in 2007 , is the third full - length album from the noise rock band , Replicator .
We Are Night Sky is the second and final full - length album of Deadboy & the Elephantmen .
Yo Te Necesito ( Eng . : `` I Need You '' ) is the seventh studio album released by Los Bukis in 1982 .
Your Sugar Sits Untouched is a partial re - release of Emilie Autumn 's 2001 poetry book , Across The Sky & Other Poems .
`` Art Decade '' is an instrumental by David Bowie for his album Low from 1977 .
`` King and Lionheart '' is a song recorded by Icelandic alternative folk band Of Monsters and Men , written by co - lead vocalist Nanna Bryndís Hilmarsdóttir and produced by the band with Aron Arnarsson and Jacquire King for the band 's debut studio album , My Head Is an Animal .
Longing For ... ( Chinese : 仰望 ; pinyin : Yang Wang ) is the sixth Mandarin studio album of Taiwanese Mandopop artist Rainie Yang ( Chinese : 楊丞琳 ) .
Songs and Views of the Magnetic Garden ( 1975/Catalyst 09026 - 61823 - 2 1993 ) is an album `` performed , synthesized , recorded , and mixed by Alvin Curran . ''
Paullelujah ! is the first studio album by American hip hop musician MC Paul Barman .
The Morning Glory Ramblers is an album by Americana and folk musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake , released in 2004 .
Odin Owns Ye All is the second full - length album by the Norwegian Viking metal band Einherjer .
`` Old Toy Trains '' ( sometimes titled `` Little Toy Trains '' ) is a Christmas song written and originally recorded by Roger Miller .
Lentera Timur is the thirteenth studio album by Malaysian pop singer - songwriter Dato ' Siti Nurhaliza which is released on 26 December 2008 , just four years after 2004 Asian Tsunami .
Reaching the Cold 100 is an album recorded by the British blues band the Peter Green Splinter Group , led by Peter Green .
`` Crazy Man , Crazy '' was the title of an early rock and roll song written by , and first recorded by Bill Haley & His Comets in April 1953 .
Hillbilly Joker is the sixth solo album by country singer Hank Williams III , it was released on May 17 , 2011 .
`` Wait a Minute ( Just a Touch ) '' is the lead single from British singer / rapper Estelle 's second album Shine .
`` Sunday ( The Day Before My Birthday ) '' is a song by American electronica musician Moby , released as the fifth single from his 2002 studio album 18 .
Sonic Death is a live album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth .
Keep It Going is the fifth full - length studio album by California ska punk band Mad Caddies , released on May 1 , 2007 .
The Boxed Life is a double spoken word release by former Black Flag singer Henry Rollins also featuring Canadian journalist and radio show host Ian Bussières , also known as `` The Oddball '' .
Fate of Nations is Led Zeppelin singer Robert Plant 's sixth solo album .
`` Joue pas '' is a 1989 song recorded by French artist François Feldman , in duet with the American singer Joniece Jamison .
One Kill Wonder , released in 2003 , is the third studio album by death / thrash metal band The Haunted .
Skip School , Start Fights is the second full - length studio album from the American pop punk band Hit the Lights , released on July 8 , 2008 .
The Umbersun is the fourth album by neoclassical band Elend .
`` Is That So Wrong '' is a song co - written and recorded by American country artist Julianne Hough .
Gil Luminoso is a 2006 album by Brazilian musician Gilberto Gil , performed using only voice and acoustic guitar .
Symphonicities is the tenth studio album by English musician Sting .
`` I Do n't Want to Live Without You '' is a song from the rock - pop band Foreigner .
Fifty Flavours of Glue is an album by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs , released in 1998 .
Best of Gloucester County is the eighth full - length album by New Jersey indie rock band Danielson .
A Propósito is the tenth studio album by Argentine rock band Babasónicos , released on May 2011 .
Alumbramento is the third album by Brazilian singer and composer Djavan .
`` A Thousand Shadows '' ( sometimes written `` 1000 Shadows '' ) is a song by American rock group The Seeds , written by vocalist Sky Saxon , keyboardist Daryl Hooper , and guitarist Jan Savage .
This Was is the debut album by the progressive rock band Jethro Tull , released in 1968 .
`` The Last Farewell '' is a song from 1971 by the British - Kenyan folk singer Roger Whittaker .
Build a Nation is the eighth full - length studio album by hardcore punk pioneers Bad Brains .
Home Is a Strange Place is a mini album by the American grunge band Paw .
Angels Come on Time is a self - produced album by Boston trio The Slip .
My Italian Greyhound is the fifth studio album by Norwegian singer - songwriter Bertine Zetlitz and was released on September 18 , 2006 .
`` Weak Heart '' is a song by Swedish singer Zara Larsson from her debut album 1 .
A Boy Named Goo is the fifth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls , released in 1995 on Warner Bros. As a commercial success , it has been RIAA - certified as double - platinum .
`` Steppin ' in a Slide Zone '' is a 1978 single by the English progressive rock band The Moody Blues .
`` My Mummy 's Dead '' is the closing song on the album John Lennon / Plastic Ono Band by John Lennon .
`` Ca n't Stop Fallin ' into Love '' is a song recorded by American rock band Cheap Trick which appeared as the lead single on the album Busted .
Fun ? is the second album from the British rock band The Candyskins .
Cinematique 2 is the second in a series of three albums by Paul Haig , subtitled `` Themes to Unknown Films '' .
`` The Piano Has Been Drinking ( Not Me ) ( An Evening with Pete King ) '' , often referred to as `` The Piano Has Been Drinking '' , is a song written and performed by Tom Waits .
Baby Darling Doll Face Honey is the debut album by English rock band Band of Skulls .
`` Mystiko '' ( Greek : Μυστικό ; `` Secret '' ) is a single by the Greek singer Peggy Zina .
Rock & Roll Submarine is the sixth album by alternative rock band Urge Overkill .
New and Old Gospel is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label .
The Green Sparrow is the second solo album from Phish bassist Mike Gordon , released August 5 , 2008 .
Brand New History is the third full - length album by the industrial alternative rock band Econoline Crush .
It 's Heavy in Here is the debut solo studio album by American singer - songwriter Eric Matthews .
`` Do n't Wait Too Long '' is the only original track from Madeleine Peyroux 's second solo album Careless Love and it was written by Peyroux herself , Jesse Harris and Larry Klein .
Set Yourself on Fire is the third album by Canadian indie rock band Stars .
Bendito Entre Las Mujeres ( English : Blessed Among Women ) is the first solo album by lead guitarist of Latin rock band Maná , Sergio Vallín .
Capture & Release was the third album by the drone metal band Khanate .
`` Sick of Life '' is a song by the alternative metal band Godsmack .
Cammell Laird Social Club is the ninth album released by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit , in 2002 .
`` Virtual Insanity '' is the second single from British funk / acid jazz band Jamiroquai 's third studio album , Travelling Without Moving .
Big Chief ! is an album by jazz pianist Junior Mance which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label .
`` Shallow Be Thy Game '' is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers and was the fourth single from their 1995 album , One Hot Minute .
Herbal Turkey Breast is an album by saxophonist Karl Denson released in 1996 .
`` Car Thief '' is the 11th track on the album Paul 's Boutique by American hip hop group the Beastie Boys , released on July 25 , 1989 .
`` Party Doll '' is a 1957 rock ' n ' roll song written by Buddy Knox and Jimmy Bowen .
`` ' Days of Light ' '' is a song by Roger Daltrey from his eighth and final solo album Rocks in the Head The song was written by Daltrey and Gerard McMahon , and features lyrics about looking forward to the week - end .
Travellers in Space and Time is a 2010 album by The Apples in Stereo and their seventh studio release .
Hate Made Me is the first album by New Zealand metal band 8 Foot Sativa .
`` Watch That Man '' is a song written by David Bowie , the opening track on the album Aladdin Sane from 1973 .
Biblical Graffiti is the fifth album by Christian parody band ApologetiX.
Karmacode is the fourth studio album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil , released on 31 March 2006 in several countries in Europe , 3 April in the UK and other European countries , April 4 in North America , and 5 April in several other European countries .
Any Minute Now is an electronic rock album by Soulwax .
Lazy Highways is the fourth studio album by Mornington Peninsula , Melbourne indie band The Fauves .
Now What ? ! is the 19th studio album by English rock band Deep Purple .
The Colour of My Love is the third English - language studio album by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion .
Man Alive ! is a Stephen Stills solo album released in 2005 .
Very Fast Very Dangerous is the second album by British rock band Reuben , released little over a year after their debut .
Uhuru Afrika ( subtitled / translated as Freedom Africa ) is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1960 and originally released on the Roulette label .
Arches and Aisles is an album by The Spinanes , released on September 23 , 1998 .
Until Fear No Longer Defines Us is the third studio album of the Finnish doom metal band Ghost Brigade .
No One Gets Out is a 1991 studio album by Detroit metal band Halloween , recorded at R.T. Audio in Novi , Michigan with studio owner / engineer Rob Tylak .
Into the Land of Phantoms is the third studio album by American Neo - Cabaret artist Jill Tracy and the Malcontent Orchestra , released in 2002 .
`` Faithless Heart '' is a 1988 single by Christian music singer Amy Grant .
World of Music is the sixth studio album released by Japanese hip hop artist Zeebra .
`` Everybody 's Somebody 's Fool '' is a song written by Jack Keller ( music ) and Howard Greenfield ( lyrics ) that was a # 1 hit for Connie Francis in mid-1960 .
In the Absence of Light is the second album by black metal band Abigail Williams .
In This Defiance is the second full length album release by Californian hardcore band Strife .
Dropped Pianos is an EP by Tim Hecker , released on October 10 , 2011 by Kranky .
`` Storms in Africa '' is a song by the Irish singer Enya , featured on her 1988 album Watermark .
Ti Ora Tha Vgoume ? ( Greek : Τι ώρα θα βγούμε ; ; English : What time will we go out ? ) is the fifth Greek - language studio album and seventh studio album overall by Greek singer Elena Paparizou , released on 3 June 2013 in Greece and Cyprus by EMI Music Greece .
`` Elle , tu l'aimes ... '' is a 1999 song recorded by French artist Hélène Ségara , released on April 18 , 2000 .
Solo Collection is a greatest hits album of Glenn Frey 's solo career , released in 1995 ( see 1995 in music ) .
There Is Love in You is the fifth album by Four Tet , which was released on 25 January 2010 .
Retropolis , released in 1996 , is the second studio album by the Swedish progressive rock band The Flower Kings ( not counting Roine Stolt 's 1994 solo album ) .
We Can Create is the debut album from Northampton - based band Maps , released in 2007 .
Lofcaudio is the second full - length album by the Christian rock band Mastedon .
All They Ever Wanted is the second album released by the Swedish rock group Johnossi .
Welela is a Miriam Makeba album mixed at Condulmer Recording Studios in Venice , Italy by Allan Goldberg of Phonocomp in 1989 , except for `` Pata Pata '' which was mixed at Psycho Studio in Milan , February 1990 .
`` The Shame of Life '' is a song by American alternative rock band Butthole Surfers , from their 2001 album Weird Revolution .
When Moonshine and Dynamite Collide is the 6th studio album from Jackyl and is Jackyl 's first studio album in 8 years since Relentless ' from 2002 .
Five Lessons Learned is the fourth full - length album by Californian punk rock band Swingin ' Utters .
`` Marblehead Johnson '' is a song by The Bluetones , released as a standalone single in 1996 .
Little by Little ... is the third and final full - length album by Harvey Danger .
The Beatles recorded `` I 'm Happy Just to Dance with You '' on a Sunday , the first time they had used Abbey Road Studios on other than a normal work day .
There Are Rules is the fifth studio album by The Get Up Kids , the band 's first full - length release since 2004 's Guilt Show .
A Legacy of Honor is the first full - length album by SoulSpell .
Halka Nasha is a popular Hindi ghazal album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan .
Celtic Celtic ( That 's the Team for Me ) is a Celtic F.C. football song that was sung by Derek Warfield .
Spice Doubt is a live album by British band Ozric Tentacles .
Potatoes and Melons Wholesale Prices Straight from the Lock Up is an album of mostly cover versions performed by English punk rock band , Snuff .
`` Almost Independence Day '' is the closing song on Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison 's 1972 album Saint Dominic 's Preview .
Skin Turns to Glass is the second full - length album by drone doom band Nadja , it was released on October 27 , 2003 by NOTHingness Records which was limited to 120 copies .
`` Mammas Do n't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys '' is a country music song first recorded by Ed Bruce , written by him and wife Patsy Bruce .
Bursting Out is a 1978 live album by the rock band Jethro Tull .
`` Hi Hater '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Maino , released as his commercial debut single and the lead single from his debut album , If Tomorrow Comes ... ( 2009 ) .
Ich werde 100 Jahre alt is a studio album by the Dutch singer and actor Johannes Heesters with only one single .
Set the Record Straight is the debut album by New Zealand group , Fast Crew released in 2004 .
`` Just Got Lucky '' was the second single from the band JoBoxers .
`` The First Thing Ev'ry Morning ( And the Last Thing Ev'ry Night ) '' is a song co - written by Jimmy Dean and Ruth Roberts .
Under an Hour is the second full - length album from Portland - based experimental pop / rock group Menomena .
`` Love 's Great Adventure '' is a single released by Ultravox on 12 October 1984 .
The Voice of the Cult is the fourth studio album by heavy metal band Chastain , released in 1988 through Leviathan Records .
Hatful of Hollow is a compilation album by the English rock band The Smiths , featuring BBC Radio 1 studio recordings and two contemporary singles with their B - sides .
`` Stay Wild '' is the fourth single taken from Australian band Little Birdy 's third studio album Confetti .
Due anni dopo is the second album by Italian singer - songwriter Francesco Guccini .
`` Through the Iris '' is a single released by alternative rock / metal band 10 Years in 2006 .
Remix Hits is the first remix album by Brazilian pop singer Kelly Key , released on April 2 , 2002 , by Warner Music .
`` Stand by Your Side '' is a song recorded by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion , for her eight English studio album One Heart ( 2003 ) .
El Rojo is the second full - length studio album by The Bakerton Group , otherwise known as `` the psychedelic instrumental jazz - laden alter ego '' of Clutch .
Dust and Dirt is the fifth studio album by New Zealand reggae band The Black Seeds released on 8 April 2012 .
05 Fuck Em is a mixtape by American rapper Lil B. It was independently released on December 24 , 2013 , through Lil B 's own record label , BasedWorld Records .
`` She 's Got You High '' is the third and final single by Mumm - Ra , released by Columbia on May 14 , 2007 .
Mother Ship is an album by American organist Larry Young recorded in 1969 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980 .
`` We Apologise for Nothing '' is the second single to be taken from the second album One Day Son , This Will All Be Yours , by Fightstar .
Steelbath Suicide is the debut full - length studio album from the melodic death metal band Soilwork .
Bite & Chew is a demo by Backyard Babies , released in 1991 .
Fetch the Compass Kids is the fifth full length album by New Jersey indie rock band Danielson Famile .
`` Jealous Mind '' is a song recorded by Alvin Stardust from 1973 , written and produced by Peter Shelley .
`` Forty Days and Forty Nights '' is a blues song recorded by Muddy Waters in 1956 .
Before I 'll Die is the second studio album by Polish band Blog 27 , which was released on 18 April 2008 .
Heat Generation is the second album and first studio album from The Radiators .
Desfado is the fifth album by Portuguese fado singer Ana Moura .
Guerrilla Funk is the third album of rapper Paris .
`` Are You Ready for Love '' is a song recorded by Elton John in 1977 , and was first released in the UK in 1979 on the EP The Thom Bell Sessions .
`` Hit ' Em Up '' is a diss song by rap artist Tupac Shakur ( 2Pac ) , featuring his group the Outlawz .
The Ringing Bell ( 2007 ) is the fourth solo album release from singer - songwriter Derek Webb .
`` See the Day '' is a song by English singer Dee C. Lee , released as a single on 21 October 1985 .
The Anomalies of Artificial Origin is the second full - length album by Russian death metal band Abominable Putridity .
`` Molly 's Chambers '' is the second single taken from the Youth and Young Manhood album by the American rock band Kings of Leon .
Love Metal is the fourth studio album by Finnish band , HIM , released on April 14 , 2003 .
Take Care , Take Care , Take Care is the sixth studio album by American post - rock band Explosions in the Sky , which was released on April 18 , 2011 in the UK , April 25 , 2011 in Europe , and April 26 , 2011 in the US .
Ja , Zoo is the third album by Japanese musician hide , released on November 21 , 1998 .
`` I Love to Love ( But My Baby Loves to Dance ) '' was a popular single by Tina Charles , from her debut album , I Love to Love ; the song was composed by Jack Robinson and James Bolden .
`` Eu Quero Tchu , Eu Quero Tcha '' ( I Want Tchu , I Want Tcha ) , full title `` Eu Quero Tchu Eu Quero Tcha ( Tchu Tcha Tcha ) '' is a single by Brazilian Sertanejo universitário duo João Lucas & Marcelo , released in 2012 , and written by Shylton Fernandes .
Live in Berkeley , CA is a live album by the band King Crimson , recorded at the Greek Theatre , Berkeley , California , United States , on August 13 , 1982 .
`` You 're My Mate '' is a song by English pop group Right Said Fred released as the second single from their album Fredhead .
Burning Like the Midnight Sun is the 12th studio album by Christian alternative rock band The Choir , released on June 29 , 2010 .
Close - Up Vol . 3 , States of Being is the tenth studio album released by New York - based singer / songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega .
`` Mi sei venuto a cercare tu '' is the fifth single of Alessandra Amoroso .
The World According to Gessle is a solo album by Per Gessle , released on 2 May 1997 .
Kolossus is Keep of Kalessin 's fourth studio album .
Between the Worlds is the title of fourth album by the Christian power metal band Seventh Avenue that was released in 2003 .
Done by Mirrors is the second solo album of Andi Deris , vocalist of the power metal band Helloween .
Voice of the Voyager is an album by Canadian folk rock band Uisce Beatha ( Ish - Ka Baha ) .
Healing Through Fire is the sixth full - length album by Orange Goblin released in 2007 .
Celestial Hi - Fi is the third studio album from Canadian stoner rock band Sheavy .
`` Together in Electric Dreams '' is a song by the British singer and composer Philip Oakey and Italian composer and producer Giorgio Moroder .
Symphony of the Damned , Re - symphonised is a re - recording of the band Morgana Lefay 's self released debut album .
At Our Worst is a b - sides / live album released by the melodic hardcore band Evergreen Terrace .
`` Do That Stuff '' is a song by the funk band Parliament .
14:59 is the third studio album by American rock band Sugar Ray , released on January 12 , 1999 .
Straight in a Gay Gay World was the third studio album released by Australian ' 70s rock band , Skyhooks .
`` Award Tour '' is a song by A Tribe Called Quest , released as the first single from their third album Midnight Marauders .
`` Fără Cuvinte '' ( Speechless ) is the fifth and final single by B.U.G. Mafia from their ninth studio album , Înapoi În Viitor ( Back To The Future ) .
`` Shinku / Ai no Uta '' ( 深紅/愛の詩 ) is a single by Hitomi Shimatani released on the day after her 27th birthday , September 5 , 2007 .
`` F - F - F - Falling '' ( sometimes shortened to `` Falling '' ) is a song by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus , originally released on the band 's fourth album Into on October 29 , 2001 .
Interview with a Madman is a hip hop album by Australian criminal Mark `` Chopper '' Read , released on Rott'n Records on March 13 , 2006 .
`` She Has Funny Cars '' is a psychedelic rock song by the band Jefferson Airplane .
Eat the Heat is the eighth studio album by German heavy metal band Accept , released in 1989 .
The Complete Live at the Plugged Nickel 1965 is a compact disc box set of the Miles Davis Quintet , recorded on December 22 and 23 , 1965 , and released on Legacy Records in July 1995 , catalogue CK 66955 .
`` Better Than a Dream '' is a song performed by the Georgian - born , British singer Katie Melua , from her fifth studio album Secret Symphony .
Tokyo Dome Live in Concert is a live album by American hard rock band Van Halen , released on March 31 , 2015 .
El Oso ( Spanish for The Bear ) , released in 1998 ( see 1998 in music ) , is the third and final album by the New York City band Soul Coughing .
`` White Unicorn '' is a song by Australian hard rock band Wolfmother , featured on their 2005 debut studio album Wolfmother .
My Two Brooks is an album by the American rock band The Inevitable Backlash that was released in 2009 .
Big Calm is the second album by Morcheeba released in March 1998 and reached the top 20 of the UK album chart .
`` Something More Beautiful '' is the first single from Nikki Webster 's second album Bliss released in 2002 .
`` Stanky Legg '' is the debut single by the GS Boyz .
A Hard Road is the third album ( and second studio album ) recorded by John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers released in 1967 .
`` U.G.L.Y. '' is a song by American recording group Daphne & Celeste .
A Stroll in the Pork is a 1992 EP released by Raymond Watts ( as PIG ) Originally released in the United States by Concrete Records and in the United Kingdom by Contempo Records .
`` What a Difference You 've Made in My Life '' is an inspirational song written by Archie Jordan and first made famous by two artists during 1977 : teenaged Christian music singer Amy Grant and country music singer Ronnie Milsap .
`` I Ca n't Break Down '' is a song written by Sinéad Quinn , Pete Glenister and Deni Lew and produced by Glenister and Lew for Quinn 's debut album , Ready to Run .
These Re - Imagined Machines is a remix album by American electronic musician BT , composed of remixed versions of songs from his album These Hopeful Machines by various artists .
Baby Get Higher is a song written by Scottish musician , singer and songwriter David Sneddon .
Living on Another Frequency is the debut album by American experimental metal band Science Faxtion , released on November 11 , 2008 in the United States and January 26 , 2009 in Europe .
Chansons ou Versions Inédites de Jeunesse ( Songs , or Unreleased Early Versions ) is an album of Jacques Brel rare early recordings first issued as part of the 16-CD box set Boîte à Bonbons on 23 September 2003 .
Your Favorite Music is the second album by indie rock band Clem Snide .
Friends Can Be Lovers is an out of print album recorded by Dionne Warwick , her tenth for the Arista label .
Trio ' 65 is a studio album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans and his Trio , released in 1965 .
`` Tender Remains '' is a song , included as the A - side of a 7 `` single and the first to be released by the British band Palm Springs on their Random Acts of Vinyl label .
`` Rock Hard '' is a single by the Beastie Boys , released by Def Jam Records on 12 `` in 1985 .
Rage Khab ( pronounced ( ɾæɡe xɒːb ) ) is the second official studio album by Iranian singer - songwriter Mohsen Yeganeh .
Romantist Egoist is the debut album by the Japanese rock band Porno Graffitti , it was released on March 8 , 2000 .
`` Ohio ( Come Back to Texas ) '' is a song by American band Bowling for Soup , released as a single from their album A Hangover You Do n't Deserve .
Five Get Over Excited is a song by The Housemartins released as a single from their album The People Who Grinned Themselves to Death .
Dig Your Own Hole is the second studio album by British electronica duo The Chemical Brothers , released on 7 April 1997 .
Too Bright , Just Right , Good Night is an album from the mid-1990s by Actionslacks .
In Decay is the second studio album and third release from New York - based musician Com Truise .
Young Machetes is the fifth and final studio album by the American post - hardcore band The Blood Brothers , which was released October 10 , 2006 .
With What Shall I Keep Warm ? is an album released in 2009 by Canadian singer - songwriter Jane Siberry .
The Power and the Myth is the fourth studio album and the first since the reunion , by House of Lords , released on August 3 , 2004 .
`` Love in Slow Motion '' is the second single by American metalcore band , Bleeding Through , from their 2006 album , The Truth .
Pärlor åt svinen which translates as Pearls Before Swine is a Magnus Uggla album , released on October 24 , 2007 .
Fiction Tales is the only studio album by English post - punk band Modern Eon .
Sanjam ( English : I 'm Dreaming ) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian folk singer Hanka Paldum .
`` I Do n't Want to Be '' is a song by Gavin DeGraw appearing on his 2003 debut album , Chariot .
Counterpoint for Six Valves is an album by American jazz trumpeters Don Elliott and Rusty Dedrick which was recorded in 1955 for the Riverside label .
Cosmopolitan Life is an album by Russian singer and composer Leonid Agutin , featuring Grammy - winning American guitarist Al Di Meola , released in 2005 .
Party Hats is a jazz studio album by Will Bernard recorded in 2006 and released in 2007 .
Excellent Italian Greyhound is the title of Shellac 's fourth album .
`` Mauvaise foi nocturne ( la réponse ) '' ( French for `` Nocturnal dishonesty ( the response ) '' ) is a 2006 song recorded by French act Fatal Bazooka , led by actor , singer and comedian Michael Youn .
`` Hallelujah I Love Her So '' is the debut single from American musician Ray Charles .
The Places You Have Come to Fear the Most is the second studio album recorded by the American emo band Dashboard Confessional .
Emotional Decompression Chamber released with `` Dreamcell_11/Aural Music '' is the second full length album of the Italian industrial metal band Digitalis Purpurea .
Different Lifestyles is the fourth album released by brother and sister team of BeBe & CeCe Winans released in the summer of 1991 .
Be as You Are ( Songs from an Old Blue Chair ) is the ninth studio album by country music singer Kenny Chesney , released on January 25 , 2005 .
My Ummah is the second studio album by British singer - songwriter Sami Yusuf .
`` Ca n't Touch It '' is a song by Australian singer and songwriter Ricki - Lee Coulter .
Carry the Day is an album by Henry Threadgill released on the Columbia label in 1995 .
`` Good Riddance ( Time of Your Life ) '' is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day .
Heart Full of Sky is the seventh studio album from rock artists Mostly Autumn released in 2006 .
`` A Little Respect '' is a song written and recorded by British synthpop duo Erasure , released in September 1988 as their tenth single .
`` ( I 'm So ) Happy Happy ( You 're Mine ) '' is the only single from the girl group , The Sheilas , released on 17 ( download ) and 24 September ( CD ) , 2007 .
Anarchitektur is the first release of Einstürzende Neubauten 's Musterhaus project , a series of highly experimental CD releases that were only available via an annual subscription through their website or from shows during their 25th Anniversary Tour .
Duur ( Urdu : دور , literal English translation : `` far '' ) is the third album by the Pakistani pop band Strings , first released on 21 January 2000 and then re - released on 1 January 2002 .
Big Tyme is the second album by American hip hop group Heavy D & the Boyz .
Reports from the Threshold of Death is the second full - length studio album from American art rock band Junius .
All the Women I Am is the twenty - sixth studio album by American country music singer Reba McEntire .
All Reflections Drained is the seventh studio album by American black metal act Xasthur .
Starters in the Game is a 2007 compilation album by Hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre .
Live at the Fillmore East 2 - 11 - 69 is a double live album by the Grateful Dead recorded during the Live / Dead tour on February 11 , 1969 at the Fillmore East in New York City .
Tears on Tape is the eighth studio album by Finnish band HIM , released April 26 , 2013 in Finland , April 29 , 2013 in Europe , and on April 30 , 2013 in the US and Canada .
Old Girlfriends and Other Horrible Memories is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey , released in 1992 .
`` More Than a Memory '' is a song written by Lee Brice , Billy Montana and Kyle Jacobs and recorded by American country music singer Garth Brooks .
`` Veteran of the Psychic Wars '' is a song by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult , written by Eric Bloom and British author Michael Moorcock ( creator of Elric of Melniboné ) .
Waiting for the Morning is a 1986 pop album by Norwegian pop duo Bobbysocks .
`` King of Pain '' is a song by English rock band The Police , released as the final single from their fifth and final studio album Synchronicity ( 1983 ) .
Uniendo Fronteras ( Eng . : Uniting Frontiers ' ) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music group Los Tigres del Norte .
`` Shopping Bags ( She Got from You ) '' is the first official single to be released by De La Soul , from their seventh studio album , The Grind Date .
Hypermagic Mountain is the fourth album by the noise rock band Lightning Bolt .
Camino del Amor ( Love Road ) is a studio album released by Los Temerarios .
`` Body Body '' is Lebanese Canadian R&B / Pop singer Massari 's second single from his second studio album Forever Massari .
Soul of the Bible is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the Capitol label featuring performances by Adderley 's Sextet with Cannonball Adderley , Nat Adderley , Jr. , George Duke , Walter Booker , and Roy McCurdy with narration by Rick Holmes and guest percussion and vocalists .
Take It to the Streets is Curtis Mayfield 's penultimate album , released in 1990 .
Spiritual Appliances is the fifth album by the American singer / songwriter Sara Hickman , released in 2000 ( see 2000 in music ) .
The Tender Gender is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label .
`` Flash Delirium '' is a song released by the American psychedelic rock band MGMT on their second album Congratulations .
`` I 'm Housin '' is the third and final single released from EPMD 's debut album , Strictly Business .
Frankenstein Girls Will Seem Strangely Sexy ( often abbreviated FGWSSS or just Frankenstein Girls ) is the second album by New York City band Mindless Self Indulgence released in 2000 .
Tales from the Strip is a music album by Phil Lewis 's version of L.A. Guns , released in 2005 .
`` One - Nine - Nine - Nine''/``Like They Used to Say '' is a double A - Side single by rapper Common .
Flik Y'Self Off Y'Self is the second full - length album released by New Zealand band , HLAH .
`` Allez Ola Olé '' ( French pronunciation : ​(ale ola ole ) , Come on ! Ola ! Olé ! ) is a French Language song performed by Jessy Matador that represented France at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 .
`` Streets of Love '' was released as a double A - side single with `` Rough Justice '' from The Rolling Stones ' 2005 album A Bigger Bang .
Los Más Sueltos del Reggaetón is the debut studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Jowell & Randy , released on December 18 , 2007 , by Warner Bros.
`` Tell Me Do U Wanna '' is a single by R&B singer Ginuwine .
`` The Light That Blinds '' is the first track from heavy metal band Shadows Fall 's fourth studio album The War Within .
Technical Ecstasy is the seventh studio album by English rock band Black Sabbath , produced by guitarist Tony Iommi and released in September 1976 .
Dedicato a mio padre is an album by Italian singer Mina , released in 1967 .
Nyman Brass is a 2006 album composed and produced by Michael Nyman and performed by Wingates Band .
`` Another Lonely Song '' is a 1974 single by Tammy Wynette , who co - wrote the song with Billy Sherrill and Norro Wilson .
`` What I Would n't Do '' is a pop song performed by Canadian singer - songwriter Serena Ryder , which was released as a single in November 2012 .
Lifted Off the Ground is the seventh studio album from singer - songwriter Chely Wright .
`` If It 's Cool '' is a single by New Zealand hip - hop group , Nesian Mystik released in 2006.The song peaked at no.5 on the RIANZ chart . The song features a sample from The Style Council 's `` Shout to the Top '' .
`` I Will Survive '' is a hit song first performed by American singer Gloria Gaynor , released in October 1978 .
`` Discolights '' is a song written and produced by Ultrabeat and Darren Styles , and it is taken from Styles ' debut solo album , Skydivin ' and Ultrabeat 's second album The Weekend Has Landed .
Ballin ' Outta Control is the second album by American rapper AMG .
Soul Shack is an album by American saxophonist Sonny Stitt and organist Jack McDuff , recorded in 1963 and issued on Prestige .
`` Blind Pilots '' is the second and final single to be taken from The Cooper Temple Clause 's second album , Kick Up the Fire , and Let the Flames Break Loose .
Only the Blues is a 1957 album by Sonny Stitt , accompanied by Roy Eldridge and Oscar Peterson .
Manic Nirvana is the fifth solo album by former Led Zeppelin singer Robert Plant , released in 1990 .
`` Knock You Down '' is a song by American singer and songwriter Keri Hilson , recorded her debut studio album In a Perfect World ... ( 2009 ) .
`` Not to Touch the Earth '' is a 1968 song by The Doors from their album Waiting for the Sun . It stems from Jim Morrison 's poem , `` Celebration of the Lizard '' .
Back for the Future is the second studio album by Dom and Roland , released in 2002 .
The Wildest ! is an album by Louis Prima , first released in 1956 .
`` Fill My Little World '' is a song by British group The Feeling , originally released in the UK on 7 November 2005 as their début limited edition 7 `` vinyl , but was unable to chart due to chart rules .
The Fourth Judgement is the third studio album released ( fourth recorded ) by American power metal band Jag Panzer , released in 1997 .
`` The Young New Mexican Puppeteer '' ( 1972 ) is a single by Tom Jones that tells the story of a puppeteer from New Mexico , who uses puppets to encourage social and political change .
Soul Mover is a studio album by former Deep Purple , Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes .
Vauxhall and I is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock musician Morrissey .
Temporary Forever is the second studio album by American indie hip hop artist Busdriver .
Live at the Cow Palace is a live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead .
This Is Where the Fight Begins is the first full length album by the Brighton , UK , band The Ghost of a Thousand .
`` Perfect Bliss '' was the Irish girl group Bellefire 's debut single , taken from their album After the Rain .
`` Find the River '' is a song by R.E.M. , released as the sixth and final single from their eighth album Automatic for the People .
`` Parler à mon père '' ( meaning `` Talk to My Father '' ) is a song recorded by Canadian singer Celine Dion , released as the lead single from her French - language album Sans attendre ( 2012 ) .
Persevere is the fourth studio album by The Proclaimers , released in 2001 on their own label Persevere Records , as a comeback album after seven years of low profile .
Bucket ! is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1963 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1966 .
The Song Is June ! is a 1958 album by June Christy recorded with Pete Rugolo 's Orchestra .
Two Hand Band is an album by American guitarist Pat Donohue , released in 1993 .
`` Crazy Girl '' is a song recorded by the Eli Young Band , an American country music group .
`` I 'd Lie for You ( And That 's the Truth ) '' is a song composed and written by Diane Warren , and recorded by Meat Loaf and Patti Russo .
Sun , Sun , Sun is the second album by indie band The Elected , released in 2006 by Sub Pop .
Hall of Flames is the first compilation album released by German power metal band Edguy in 2004 .
Fea Jur is the second album by St. Louis band Lye By Mistake , and was released on October 13 , 2009 .
November Songs is the 2005 debut album of Kate Mann .
Exit Strategy of the Soul is the title of the 11th studio album by Canadian singer - songwriter Ron Sexsmith .
Diamonds Unlocked is the twelfth album by German guitarist Axel Rudi Pell .
Swampblood is an LP released on September 18 , 2007 , by Th ' Legendary Shack Shakers .
Nukleopatra is the sixth studio album from British dance music band Dead or Alive .
Test for Echo is the sixteenth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush , released in 1996 .
Semantic Spaces is an album by Canadian industrial / electronic music group Delerium in 1994 .
`` I Kardia Sou Petra '' ( Greek : Η Καρδιά Σου Πέτρα ; English : Your Heart Like Stone ) is a song recorded by Greek pop singer Elena Paparizou .
Thela Hun Ginjeet is a single by the band King Crimson , released in 1981 .
Singing Is Believing is a country / gospel album by Billy `` Crash '' Craddock .
More Miles Per Hour was the fourth solo album released by John Miles in 1979 .
Odd Blood is the self - produced second studio album by American experimental rock band Yeasayer .
Funstyle is the sixth album by Liz Phair , independently released on her official website on July 3 , 2010 ( see 2010 in music ) by Phair .
`` Smiley Faces '' is a song by Gnarls Barkley and is featured on their debut album , St. Elsewhere .
Dear Mr. Sinatra is a 2006 album by jazz singer and swing jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli .
Thick as a Brick - Live in Iceland is a live album and Blu - ray / DVD by Jethro Tull frontman Ian Anderson .
Soul and Fire ' `` is a 1993 song by Sebadoh and is the first song on their 1993 album Bubble and Scrape .
`` Cherry Lips '' , also known as `` Cherry Lips ( Go Baby Go ! ) '' is a 2001 song written , recorded and produced by alternative rock group Garbage for their third studio album , Beautiful Garbage .
Da Storm is the first album by the hip hop trio O.G.C. ( Originoo Gunn Clappaz ) , released in October 1996 through Duck Down Records .
Bothy Culture is the second studio album by the Scottish Celtic fusion artist Martyn Bennett .
`` Pull of the Eye '' is a song by the Norwegian pop band Donkeyboy from their second studio album , Silver Moon , released on February 27 , 2012 , as the album 's first single .
Solid Gold 69 is the title of a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins , released in 1969 .
Psychopatico is the second live album by the Danish rock group D - A - D , and the first to be published outside Japan .
Our Man in Paris is a 1963 jazz album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon .
Songs and Rituals in Real Time is a double LP album by Tim Berne released by Empire Productions ( USA ) in 1982 and re - released on CD as a part of The Empire Box on Screwgun Records ( USA ) in 1998 .
`` Bald Headed Woman '' is a traditional blues song covered and released by The Kinks on their eponymous debut album in 1964 and The Who in 1965 as the b - side of `` I Ca n't Explain '' .
`` Na Na Na ( Dulce Niña ) '' is a single from Kumbia Kings album Fuego .
`` Rock My Baby '' is a song written by Curtis Wright , Billy Spencer and Phil Whitley , and recorded by American country music group Shenandoah .
Emergency Third Rail Power Trip is the title of Paisley Underground band Rain Parade 's debut album , released in 1983 .
`` You Got ta Have Love in Your Heart '' is a duet single between Motown singing groups The Supremes and the Four Tops , released as a single from their The Return of the Magnificent 7 album in 1971 .
`` Radiation Vibe '' was the first single by Fountains of Wayne , from their debut album also titled Fountains of Wayne .
At Least for Now is the first studio album by English musician , singer , and poet Benjamin Clementine .
25th Anniversary Box Set is a 1993 limited edition box set by Jethro Tull .
15 Year Killing Spree is a box set by the American death metal band Cannibal Corpse .
Sans Soucie is a compilation of non - album tracks by Halou .
Cry Tuff Dub Encounter Chapter 3 is a 1980 reggae album by Prince Far I & the Arabs .
Zlato , srebro , dukati ( English : Gold , Silver , Ducats ) is the nineteenth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Mile Kitić .
Nothin' Matters and What If It Did is John Mellencamp 's fourth released album , under his pseudonym of John Cougar .
3 Balloons is an album by comedian / musician Stephen Lynch .
Me Logia Ellinika ( Greek : Με Λόγια Ελληνικά ; English : With Greek Words ) is the name of the first all - Greek album by Greek musical group Antique .
`` Where Is the Love '' is a popular song written by Ralph MacDonald and William Salter , and recorded by Roberta Flack and Donny Hathaway .
Folksingers ' Round Harvard Square is the first album featuring Joan Baez .
Silver ' n Percussion is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1977 .
Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars is the debut from Wu - Tang affiliate Killarmy , in an obvious reference to Behold a pale horse , a book written by Milton William Cooper .
Keep Music Miserable is a double album by the English band Lowgold of B - sides , live and unreleased tracks , released in 2005 on the band 's own record label Dedted Records .
Green Guitar Blues is a jazz album by American guitarist and banjoist Bucky Pizzarelli .
Amor Amarillo ( Spanish for Yellow Love ) is the first solo album by Argentine rock musician Gustavo Cerati , as a side - project , while he was still active in Soda Stereo , his ex - band .
The Roc Boys is a collaboration album by State Property members Beanie Sigel and Freeway .
Secrets on Parade is the debut solo album by Danish singer - songwriter Tim Christensen , released on 5 October 2000 on CD and vinyl .
`` Crash and Burn Girl '' was the fourth single to be released from Swedish pop singer - songwriter Robyn 's 2005 self - titled album .
`` Prelude / Angry Young Man '' is a song written by Billy Joel which appeared as the sixth song on the album Turnstiles in 1976 .
Mambo No . Sex ( titled Kiss Me in Japan ) is an album by German Eurodance band E - Rotic .
Port Entropy is the fourth studio album from Japanese multi - instrumentalist Shugo Tokumaru .
R.O.C.K. is a 1986 hard rock / heavy metal album by Kirka .
`` Star Wars Theme / Cantina Band '' is a disco single recorded by Meco , taken from the album Star Wars and Other Galactic Funk .
`` You 're Gon na Love Again '' is a song by Australian twin sisters Nervo .
`` I 've Been Working '' is a song written by Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison appearing on the album His Band and the Street Choir , released in 1970 .
`` Never Gon na Say I 'm Sorry '' is a song by Swedish band Ace of Base , released as a single in March 1996 .
Peeli Patti Aur Raja Jani Ki Gol Dunya ( Urdu : پیلی پتی اور راجہ جانی کی گول دنیا ) is the second album released by Pakistani pop / rock band , Noori .
`` Fuiste un Trozo de Hielo en la Escarcha '' ( `` You Were a Piece of Ice in the Frost '' ) is a ballad written by J. M. Cano , produced by Ronnie Foster and performed by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne .
Slick Dogs and Ponies is American garage rock band , Louis XIV 's 3rd studio album .
`` Sunny Came Home '' is a folk - rock song by American musician Shawn Colvin .
Life Changing is the third studio album by the contemporary gospel singer Smokie Norful .
Modern Dances is the fourteenth album by Jandek , released as Corwood # 0752 .
Jazz Contemporary is an album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham featuring performances recorded in 1960 and released on the Time label .
`` Who Do U Love '' is a song performed by Canadian contemporary R&B singer Deborah Cox , issued as the second single from her eponymous debut album .
The Love of Hopeless Causes was released in 1993 and is the sixth studio album by British rock band , New Model Army .
`` You Can Leave Your Hat On '' is a song written by Randy Newman and appearing on his 1972 album Sail Away .
Wild Wood was Paul Weller 's second solo record , released in September 1993 .
`` Chicken Shack Boogie '' is a 1948 jump - boogie style song by West Coast blues artist Amos Milburn .
The 7th Blues is the seventh album released by Japanese hard rock band B'z , released on March 2 , 1994 .
Through the Ashes of Empires is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Machine Head .
Lady Karma is the third full - length studio album by Israeli punk band Kill the Drive .
Escape Route is a digital album by American hip hop artist Joe Budden .
Roll On River is the 1981 album by the German Werner Lämmerhirt and British Wizz Jones , both of them noted solo folk guitarists , singers and songwriters .
Humppasirkus is a 2006 album by the Finnish group Eläkeläiset .
`` Bring It All Back '' is the debut single by British pop group S Club 7 .
`` Is This What I Get For Loving You ? '' is a pop song written by Phil Spector , Carole King and Gerry Goffin and recorded by 1960s girl group The Ronettes .
Tom Hanks portrayed Robert Langdon in the 2006 film adaptation of The Da Vinci Code , reprised the role in the 2009 film adaptation of Angels & Demons , and will play the role again in the 2016 film adaptation of Inferno .
Vi skall fara bortom månen is a s Christian song written by Carl Öst , describing the importance of faith with references to the Space Race between the USA and the USSR .
Turn It Around is the debut album by hardcore punk band Comeback Kid .
Phantom of the Rapra is the second album by rapper Bushwick Bill .
Explorer Semester One was a record released in 2003 by Franciscus Henri , under the Music Makers music label .
In the Maybe World is the ninth release by folk musician Lisa Germano .
Cry Young is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1967 and released on the Cadet label .
Never Mind the Ballots ( occasionally called Never Mind the Ballots ... Here 's the Rest of Your Life by fans and distributors ) is the second studio album by anarchist punk band Chumbawamba .
`` Turn Me Away ( Get MuNNY ) '' is a song by R&B singer Erykah Badu , also the second single from her album New Amerykah Part Two ( Return of the Ankh ) .
The Last Wave of Summer is the 1998 reunion album for Australian pub rock band Cold Chisel .
Helplessness Blues is the second studio album by Seattle , Washington - based folk band Fleet Foxes .
Back to Ballin is the second album by southern rapper Lil ' Troy .
`` Out in the Real World '' is the only single by Stream of Passion , released on February 27 , 2006 , from their album Embrace the Storm .
Welcome to the Dance is the fifth regular studio album by all - female German pop group No Angels , released by Polydor and Universal Music Domestic throughout German - speaking Europe on September 11 , 2009 .
`` Christmas in L.A. '' is a song by Las Vegas - based rock band The Killers featuring Dawes , released on December 1 , 2013 .
Tsubtsatagilidakeyn is the debut album of the Filipino rock band , Rocksteddy .
`` God Gave Me You '' is a song written and originally recorded by American contemporary Christian music singer Dave Barnes .
`` Stray Cat Strut '' is the eighth track on the Stray Cats ' debut album , Stray Cats , released in 1981 in the UK .
`` TTL Listen 2 '' is a single by South Korean girl group T - ara and boy band Supernova .
Crip Hop is the fourth album by rapper Jayo Felony .
A Study in Jazz is the fourth album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris , and the first to feature his compositions predominantly , recorded in 1962 and released on the Vee - Jay label .
`` A Design for Life '' is a single released by Welsh band Manic Street Preachers in 1996 and the first to be taken from the Everything Must Go album of May that same year .
Bantu Village is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell which features arrangements by Monk Higgins recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1969 .
For the Memories Vols I & II is an album by American singer - songwriter Don McLean , released in 1989 .
21 Today is the fifth studio album by singer Cliff Richard .
`` Every You Every Me '' is a song by British alternative rock band Placebo , released as the third single from their second album , Without You I 'm Nothing , on 21 January 1999 .
What to Do with Daylight is the debut album by New Zealand singer / songwriter , Brooke Fraser released in 2004 .
Young Brigham is an album by American folk musician Ramblin ' Jack Elliott , released in 1968 .
`` Execute Me '' is a song by Danish electropop singer Medina .
`` Two to Make It Right '' is the title of a popular song by the American girl group Seduction .
Raven in My Eyes is the fourth album released by rapper Andre Nickatina .
`` Como Fui a Enamorarme de Ti '' ( `` How I Fell in Love With You '' ) is a song written and produced Mexican singer - songwriter Marco Antonio Solís , and performed by him as the lead singer of Los Bukis .
Last of the Line is the sixth studio album by English folk metal band Forefather .
Beat Off is the third full - length album by pop punk band The Queers .
Live It Out is the second album released by the Canadian indie rock band Metric .
Extraction from Mortality is the first album by the Christian thrash metal band Believer .
En Garde , Society ! is the second album by American stand - up comedian Eugene Mirman .
For Members Only is an album by American jazz organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1963 for the Impulse ! label .
Wild & Blue is the fourth studio album by country artist John Anderson .
2wenty 2wo is Tackey & Tsubasa 's debut album to be released under avex trax .
Everything 's the Rush is the third studio album by British indie band Delays .
Country and West is the name of a Country music album by Country singer , Dottie West , released in 1970 .
Welcome to Woody Creek is the 2004 album from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band .
`` Tiny Explosions '' is a single by the post - grunge band The Presidents of the United States of America .
`` Amor Gitano '' ( English : `` Gypsy Love '' ) is a latin pop duet by Mexican recording artist Alejandro Fernández and American recording artist Beyoncé .
Steal Your Face is a live double album by the Grateful Dead , released in June 1976 .
`` Doll Parts '' is a song by American alternative rock band Hole , written by vocalist and rhythm guitarist Courtney Love .
`` How Do I Get There '' is a song written by Chris Farren , and co - written and recorded by American country music artist Deana Carter .
Rehab Doll is the first and only studio album by the American rock band Green River .
12 Crass Songs is the fourth album by anti - folk artist Jeffrey Lewis .
`` I Never Told You '' is a song by the American pop singer - songwriter Colbie Caillat from her second album Breakthrough ( 2009 ) .
`` The Captain of Her Heart '' is a single by the Swiss duo Double in 1985 .
Structured Disasters is the third full - length records for the Leeds - based band Hood .
`` Nothin' My Love Ca n't Fix '' is an R&B / new jack swing - styled pop single from American actor and singer Joey Lawrence , and is the first single from his self - titled debut album , released on February 9 , 1993 .
Koloseum ( English : Coliseum ) is a song by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1987 .
Spirit of Purity is the debut album by the Swedish Christian black metal band Sanctifica , released on Little Rose Productions and Rivel Records in March 2000 .
The TV Album is a compilation CD of songs by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic that features songs about television and TV shows .
`` Delta Dawn '' is a song written by former child rockabilly star Larry Collins and songwriter Alex Harvey , best known as a 1972 top ten country hit for Tanya Tucker and a number - one hit for Helen Reddy in 1973 .
Mr. Machinery Operator is the fifth album by the American alternative rock band Firehose .
A Thin Shell is the third album by death / doom metal band October Tide .
3-Faced Elva ( Chinese : 3面夏娃 ; pinyin : San Mian Xia Wa ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Elva Hsiao 's ninth Mandarin studio album .
Twilight in Olympus is the fourth studio album by progressive metal band Symphony X , released in 1998 through Zero Corporation ( Japan ) and Inside Out Music ( Europe ) ; a remastered special edition was reissued on January 13 , 2004 through Inside Out .
In Peter Jackson 's live - action film trilogy , Denethor was played by John Noble , and was portrayed in a substantially more negative light than the novel .
`` Talking Out of Turn '' is a 1981 single by the English progressive rock band The Moody Blues , and it was the third and final single released from their 1981 album Long Distance Voyager .
`` Cold Wind '' is a single by Canadian indie rock band Arcade Fire .
`` The Edge of Heaven '' is a song by British pop duo Wham ! , released on Epic Records in 1986 .
Jungle of Questions is the second album Vusi Mahlasela released in 2000 , ( the other being his solo album Miyela Afrika ) .
Stop Doing Bad Things is the third full length release from Chicago band , Spitalfield , released on March 22 , 2005 , through Victory .
`` All His Children '' is a single by American country music artist Charley Pride with music by Henry Mancini .
Half Past Autumn Suite is a 2001 jazz recording , released in 2003 , by Irvin Mayfield .
`` You Have n't Seen the Last of Me '' is a song performed by American singer - actress Cher , taken from the soundtrack Burlesque :
Duke Pandemonium is the second studio album by Scottish conceptual rock duo Marmaduke Duke , released on 11 May 2009 on 14th Floor Records .
It 's Just My Funny Way of Laughin ' is a 1962 album by Burl Ives , recorded in Nashville , Tennessee .
`` Sommaren är kort '' is a song recorded by Tomas Ledin , which calls for seizing times when Sun is shining , as it can rain even in summertime , and time moves fast till the arrivial of autumn again .
`` Kebyar - Kebyar '' ( also spelled `` Gebyar - Gebyar '' ) is a 1979 patriotic song by the singer Gombloh .
`` After Loving You '' is a song by Elvis Presley , written and composed by Eddie Miller and Johnny Lantz .
Bird in the Tangle is an album by Brett Detar , released on November 9 , 2010 .
Smoke Rings in the Dark is the third studio album from American country music singer Gary Allan .
In the Grace of Your Love is the third and final full - length album by dance - punk band The Rapture and the first without former bassist Mattie Safer .
Turn It Upside Down is the second studio album and fourth release overall by American rock band Spin Doctors , released in 1994 .
Phorward is a studio album by the Scottish band The Shamen .
`` Why ( Must We Fall in Love ) '' is a Diana Ross & the Supremes and The Temptations song released in 1970 as the second single from the album Together .
Plastic Skies is the seventh album by Australian punk rock band Bodyjar .
Strong Bad Sings ( and Other Type Hits ) is a compilation album featuring songs by Strong Bad and other characters from the Homestar Runner web cartoon series .
The Modern Art of Jazz by Zoot Sims ( Dawn , 1956 ) The Modern Art of Jazz by Mat Mathews ( Dawn , 1956 ) The Modern Art of Jazz by Randy Weston ( Dawn , 1956 )
Travelin ' On is an album by the jazz pianist Oscar Peterson and his trio , released in 1968 .
Family Talk is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1993 and features performances of six of Abrams compositions by Abrams , Jack Walrath , Patience Higgins , Brad Jones , Warren Smith and Reggie Nicholson .
`` I Do n't Give A '' is a song recorded by American singer - songwriter Madonna for her twelfth studio album MDNA ( 2012 ) .
Aus Liebe weint man nicht ( You Do n't Cry Out of Love ) is the sixteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers .
Desert Rain is the second album of Indian Ocean and the first live album ever to be released by any Indian band .
`` Load Me Up '' is the second single from Canadian group Matthew Good Band 's third studio album , Beautiful Midnight .
Small Graces is Bob Bennett 's sixth release .
The Key to Perfection is a promo album by Swiss electronic duo Yello , released on September 4 , 2012 .
No Frontiers is an album by Irish singer Mary Black .
The 2012 European Black Album Tour ( also called `` The Metallica Vacation Tour 2012 '' ) was a concert tour of American heavy metal band Metallica .
Realm of Wonders is the demo by Fairyland , released in 2000 while the band was still under the name of Fantasia .
`` Sitting at the Wheel '' is a 1983 hit single by The Moody Blues , written by John Lodge .
Muzyka Rozrywkowa is the first solo album by Polish rapper Pezet , a member of Płomień 81 .
`` My Life Would Suck Without You '' is a song performed by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson from her fourth studio album , All I Ever Wanted ( 2009 ) .
Hotel Shampoo is the third solo album by Welsh musician and Super Furry Animals front - man Gruff Rhys .
`` I Ca n't Drive 55 '' was the lead single and first track from Sammy Hagar 's eighth studio album VOA in 1984 .
Cronology of Death is a 4-way split album with tracks from four death metal groups Sentenced , Carbonized , Bluuurgh ... and Xenophobia .
A Beacon from Mars was Kaleidoscope 's second album .
Somewhere Out in Space is an album by German power metal band , Gamma Ray .
Işıklı Yol ( English : Road with Lights ) is İzel 's seventh studio album .
Positootly ! is an album by pianist John Beasley .
If You Knew Suzi ... is the sixth regular studio album by Suzi Quatro , released at the end of 1978 , with a 1979 copyright date .
A Tribute to Brother Weldon is a tribute album to jazz musician Weldon Irvine by hip hop producer Madlib 's Jazz project under the alias of Monk Hughes .
We Love Life is the seventh and final studio album by Pulp , released in the UK on 22 October 2001 .
`` Waiting for the World to Fall '' is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay for the soundtrack to the motion picture The Chronicles of Narnia :
`` The Number One Song in Heaven '' is a disco song by the American rock duo Sparks .
`` How Do You Like It '' is a song by American R&B artist Keith Sweat from the album , Get Up on It , and features Lisa `` Left Eye '' Lopes of TLC .
Truly She Is None Other is the eleventh solo album by Holly Golightly , former member of the band Thee Headcoatees , and is considered her most commercial album to date .
Windsong is the ninth album recorded by American singer - songwriter John Denver , which was released in September 1975 .
Cariño Brutal is the sixth album by the rock band Slapshock , released in 2009 .
Blue Moves , released October 1976 , is the eleventh official album release for Elton John .
The Atomic Mr. Basie ( originally called Basie , also known as E = MC2 and reissued in 1994 as The Complete Atomic Mr Basie ) is a 1958 album by Count Basie and his orchestra .
The Fall of Melnibone is an EP released by Spanish power metal band Dark Moor in 2001 through Arise Records .
`` Outta Nowhere '' is a song by Cuban - American rapper Pitbull featuring Colombian - American recording artist Danny Mercer , taken from the former 's seventh studio album Global Warming .
`` Bossa Nova Baby '' is a song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller and recorded on January 22 , 1963 , in RCA Studio B , in Nashville , Tennessee by Elvis Presley as part of the soundtrack of the 1963 motion picture Fun in Acapulco .
Sixty Four is the 21st studio album and 26th album overall from Scottish singer - songwriter Donovan .
Salutes Bessie Smith is the second album by American pianist Amina Claudine Myers featuring performances recorded in 1980 for the Leo label .
Sound of Fire is the first full - length album and 7th release by Phoenix , Arizona - based pop rock band This Century , released on April 19 , 2011 on Action Theory Records .
At Long Last is a 1998 studio album by Rosemary Clooney , accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra .
`` Boss ' Life '' is the fourth and final single from Snoop Dogg 's 8th studio album Tha Blue Carpet Treatment .
`` Maybe for Sure '' is a 1989 song by the American singer Debbie Harry , released as a single from her third solo album Def , Dumb & Blonde .
Indelibly Stamped is the second album by the English progressive rock band Supertramp , released in 1971 .
Listen Like Thieves is the fifth studio album by the Australian rock band INXS .
`` Angel Gabriella '' is a song by Nigerian R&B singer Faze , which he wrote and recorded in 2004 in the light of the growing `` Faze versus 2Face '' beef which lasted till 2006 .
`` Going in Circles '' is a song written by Jerry Peters and Anita Poree , and originally performed by The Friends of Distinction on their 1969 album Grazin′ , reaching number 15 on the U.S. Hot 100 , and number three on the R&B chart .
`` A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation '' is a song by Trivium , released as the third single from their second album Ascendancy in May 2005 .
Easy Listening for the Hard of Hearing is a collaboration album between Boyd Rice and Frank Tovey , recorded in 1981 , but released in 1984 on Mute Records , and is composed on 12 tracks labeled `` extractions '' 1 - 12 .
Secuencia ( English : Sequence ) is the second studio album from Mexican pop group Reik , released on November 21 , 2006 through Sony Music .
We Do What We Want is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Emery .
`` Vamos a la Discoteca '' is a song by Belgian Eurodance group Paradisio .
`` Pay the Devil ( Ooo , Baby , Ooo ) '' is a song written by Berton Averre and first released by The Knack on their 1981 album Round Trip .
`` Party O'Clock '' is a single by Dominican - American recording artist Kat DeLuna .
Tiger Suit is the third studio album by Scottish singer - songwriter KT Tunstall which features more contemporary ingredients than her previous work .
We Live is the fifth studio album by English doom metal band Electric Wizard .
`` The One That You Love '' is a popular song written by Graham Russell and sung by Australian soft rock band Air Supply that reached number one in the United States in 1981 .
By 7:30 is an album by Vonda Shepard , released on 20 April 1999 .
`` Outlaw Man '' is a song written by David Blue and recorded by the American rock band Eagles .
`` TTYLXOX ( short for ' ' Talk to You Later Hugs and Kisses `` , a combination of TTYL and XOX ) is a song by American singer , model , and actress Bella Thorne from the soundtrack Shake It Up :
`` Red Fraction '' is the first single of I 've Sound singer Mell and her first single under Geneon Entertainment .
Freier Fall ( Free Fall ) is Christina Stürmer 's debut album after she took part in Starmania .
Ideas for Songs is a cassette by Destroyer , released in 1997 .
Rooster Rag is the fifteenth album of original material by American rock band Little Feat released in June 2012 .
Memories in My Head is an EP by the band Riverside released by Progteam in Poland and Glassville Records in the rest of Europe on June 20 , 2011 .
`` With Every Act of Love '' is the lead single on Jason Gray 's fourth studio album Love Will Have the Final Word .
Abbiamo tutti un blues da piangere ( lit . `` We all have a blues to cry out '' ) is the second album by progressive rock band Perigeo .
Back to the Street is the eighth studio album of the Christian rock band , Petra .
`` I Got My Mind Made Up ( You Can Get It Girl ) '' is a song recorded by the disco band Instant Funk in 1979 .
Emeis ( Greek : Εμεις ; English : We ) is the name of a Greek album by singers Anna Vissi and Nikos Karvelas .
Swaar Metaal is the third studio album by South African heavy metal band Kobus ! , released on the independent record label Rhythm Records in March 2007 .
Degradation Trip is the second solo album by Alice in Chains guitarist and vocalist Jerry Cantrell , released on June 18 , 2002 .
En la playa is a live acoustic CD / DVD by the Spanish pop rock band Hombres G , released on November 29 , 2011 .
`` Where Have You Been '' is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna , from her sixth studio album , Talk That Talk ( 2011 ) serving as the fifth single .
`` The Midnight Choir '' is the second single taken from The Thrills ' third album , Teenager .
`` Cool Down the Pace '' is the final single from Mattafix 's debut album , Signs of a Struggle , released in 2005 .
9ood Show ( Chinese : 有我在 ; pinyin : yǒu wǒ zài ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo 's ( Chinese : 羅志祥 ) ninth Mandarin studio album .
Ezz - thetics is an album by a sextet led by the jazz composer and music theorist George Russell .
Kinkdom ( sometimes referred to as Kinks Kinkdom ) is a US - only album by the English band The Kinks , released in 1965 .
Head on Straight is Tonic 's third album , released in 2002 .
Mind the Acoustic Pieces is the first studio album by Maiden uniteD.
Nuages du Monde is an album by Canadian new age / electronic music group Delerium in 2006 .
Of Natural History is the second album by Avant - rock / metal group Sleepytime Gorilla Museum .
Quiet Music 3 is a cassette album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach .
All Beauty Destroyed is the third album released by American electro - industrial band Aesthetic Perfection .
`` Supaman High '' is a song by American R&B singer R. Kelly featuring OJ da Juiceman , written by R. Kelly , OJ da Juiceman , Gucci Mane and Willy Will for his ninth studio album , Untitled ( 2009 ) .
Method Music is a double - album of electronic music by the English composer and mathematician Lawrence Ball created using the compositional system that would become The Lifehouse Method , an online - based compositional project conceived by Pete Townshend of The Who to compose customized algorithmically - generated musical portraits .
Wolfroy Goes to Town is a studio album by singer - songwriter Will Oldham , released on Drag City .
Die Ewigkeit is the second release from German band Relatives Menschsein .
Tuesday Night Music Club is the debut solo album from American singer / songwriter Sheryl Crow , released on August 3 , 1993 .
Sixty Metonymies is the debut studio album of New York City - based avant - garde band Tartar Lamb .
`` Help Me Girl '' is a song performed by Eric Burdon in 1966 .
Nuthin' Fancy is a 1975 album by Lynyrd Skynyrd , their third studio album , and their first to reach the Top 10 , peaking at # 9 on the US albums chart .
`` ( The ) Girl Friend of the Whirling Dervish '' was a novelty song written by Harry Warren , Al Dubin , and Johnny Mercer .
You Do n't Mess Around with Jim is the third studio album by American singer - songwriter Jim Croce , released in 1972 .
`` Living Type '' is the third single released from Powderfinger 's second album Double Allergic .
La sposa occidentale ( The western bride ) is an album by the Italian singer - songwriter Lucio Battisti .
Pistola is the last studio album made by Willy DeVille .
Visit Me is the third album released by American R&B duo Changing Faces in 2000 .
Unity Band is a studio album by American jazz guitarist Pat Metheny along with Chris Potter on saxophone and bass clarinet , Ben Williams on bass , and Antonio Sánchez on drums .
Zos Kia Cultus ( Here and Beyond ) is the sixth album by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth .
The Embarrassing Beginning is the fourth full - length album by Canadian hardcore punk band Grade .
Róka Hasa Rádió is the fourth full - length album from Hungarian avant - garde metal group Thy Catafalque .
Existir ( translated from Portuguese ; means `` To exist '' ) , was the second full - length studio disc from Portuguese band Madredeus .
Rareform is the second studio album by American progressive metal band After the Burial .
Non Stop Rock'n Roll is the third studio album by Norwegian glam metal band Wig Wam .
Bite Down Hard is the first Britny Fox album to feature singer Tommy Paris .
Girls '' Generation 's `` Best Selection Non Stop Mix `` album ranked # 4 on Oricon 's daily album chart .
Quiet Kenny is an album by the American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham of performances recorded in 1959 and released on the New Jazz label .
Jesus Christ Superstars is fifth studio album by Slovenian industrial / electronic music group Laibach .
Leih Sebtaha ( Why Did You Leave Her ) is the fifteenth full - length Arabic studio album from Egyptian pop singer Angham , launched in Egypt in 2001 by Alam elPhan Production Company .
Absolutely Freak Out ( Zap Your Mind ! ! ) is an album by the Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. , released in 2001 .
`` Boss of Me '' is a song by alternative rock band They Might Be Giants .
New Colours is a 1971 album by UK pop group The New Seekers .
`` Apply Some Pressure '' was the second single released by Maxïmo Park .
`` Doo - Wah Days '' is a song written by Edward Hunnicutt , Doug Gilmore and Gary Vincent , and recorded by American country music artist Mickey Gilley .
`` G - Get Up and Dance ! '' is the lead single from Canadian rock band Faber Drive 's second album , Ca n't Keep a Secret .
Psychedelic Underground is a 1969 psychedelic rock album by the German band Amon Düül .
`` Bulls on Parade '' is a song released by American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine in 1996 , and can be found on their 2nd album , Evil Empire .
The Curse of the Golden Vampire is an album by electronic artists Alec Empire and Techno Animal , released in 1998 .
`` Je vous aime adieu '' ( English : `` I love you goodbye '' ) is a 1996 song recorded by the French singer Hélène Ségara .
`` Eh , Eh ( Nothing Else I Can Say ) '' is a song by American singer Lady Gaga , from her debut album , The Fame ( 2008 ) .
Light & Magic is the second studio album by English electronic band Ladytron .
`` Maman a tort '' is a 1984 song recorded by French artist Mylène Farmer .
100 Days , 100 Nights is the third studio album by American funk band Sharon Jones & The Dap - Kings .
`` The Afterlife '' is a song by American singer - songwriter Paul Simon from his twelfth studio album , So Beautiful or So What ( 2011 ) .
Rising & Falling is the fourth album by tech - house duo Layo & Bushwacka!.
A Sombre Dance is the second album by the Austrian band Estatic Fear .
Every Man and Woman Is a Star is the second album released by the British electronic band Ultramarine .
`` Have n't Found '' is a hip - hop song by Pras Michel , released as the first and only single from his second solo studio album , Win , Lose or Draw .
`` Lost in Stereo '' is a song by American pop punk band All Time Low and the third and last single taken from their third studio album , Nothing Personal ( 2009 ) .
`` Get Stoned '' is a song recorded by American rock band Hinder , released in 2005 by Universal Music Group Recordings .
`` Everything Your Heart Desires '' is a song by the American duo Hall & Oates , released as the lead single from their thirteenth studio album , Ooh Yeah ! ( 1988 ) .
`` Wicked Annabella '' is a song by English rock band The Kinks , appearing on their 1968 album The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society . The song was written by main songwriter Ray Davies , although sung by lead guitarist Dave Davies in a rare departure from tradition .
Waiting for the Sun is the third studio album by the American rock band The Doors , recorded from February to May 1968 and released in July 1968 .
Historical Figures and Ancient Heads is the eighth album by Canned Heat , released in 1971 .
With a Heart in My Song is the second collaborative studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth and pianist Gordon Beck , released in 1988 through JMS--
Observator is the sixth album by The Raveonettes , and was released September 11 , 2012 .
Shall We Descend is the third album by progressive rock band The Jelly Jam .
Son of a Bitches Brew is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released by Riot Season in 2012 .
Piel de Ángel ( Skin of Angel ) is the thirteenth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucero .
`` Rock Me Amadeus '' is a 1985 song by Austrian musician Falco from his album Falco 3 .
Lei , gli amici e tutto il resto ( She , friends and everything else ) , is the fourth studio album by Italian singer - songwriter Nek .
Heaven Help the Child is the 1973 album by country singer - songwriter Mickey Newbury .
Ëmëhntëhtt - Ré is the tenth studio album by the French progressive rock group Magma .
`` One Vision '' is a song written and recorded by the British rock band Queen , first released as a single in November 1985 and then included on their 1986 album A Kind of Magic .
Poet , Fool or Bum is a 1973 album by musician Lee Hazlewood .
Ms. Vocalist is the ninth studio album by American singer - songwriter / actress Debbie Gibson .
Cervantine is A Hawk and a Hacksaw 's fifth studio album , and the first to be released on the new label , L.M. Dupli - cation .
Taking Flight is the fourth studio album by Filipino singer Sarah Geronimo , released on July 25 , 2007 under VIVA Records .
product # bvcd 3482 ( love gift ) or Love Gift is the third and final studio album by the Christian alternative rock band Breakfast with Amy , released in 1992 .
Shadowbox is a DVD and accompanying EP by The Crüxshadows .
Jazz ist anders ( Jazz is Different ) is Die Ärzte 's eleventh full - length studio album since Debil .
Fiction and Fact is the first full length album from Korean band Beast .
`` Romansyia '' `` ( Romance ) '' is a song recorded by the Lebanese singer Amal Hijazi in 2002 and released as a single in 2003 , from Hijazi 's album Zaman and produced by Dilara Master Production .
`` Ghetto Romance '' is a 2000 song by British R&B group Damage .
A Day of Renew is an album in 2003 by Bada .
El Verano más Triste ( Eng . : The Saddest Summer ) is a song written and performed by Spanish singer Carlos Berlanga , was produced by Luis Carlos Esteban and included on his first solo album El Angel Exterminador in 1990 .
`` Dancing the Night Away '' is the debut single by English rock band The Motors , released as the lead single from their 1977 debut studio album 1 .
`` It 's Okay ( One Blood ) '' is a song by American rapper and West Coast hip hop artist The Game featuring vocals from reggae singer Junior Reid , from his second studio album Doctor 's Advocate .
Sword 's Song is the second studio album released by the Finnish heavy metal band Battlelore , released in 2003 .
Así soy , is a music album of 2004 , made by the Venezuelan Oscar D'León with the seal Sony music , album of Salsa music .
Vision Swim is a noise album by Growing released in 2007 .
A Raccoons Lunch was a compilation by Joe 90 of demos from the bands inception , unreleased masters and songs recorded for movies .
`` Your Surrender '' is the third single from American rock band Neon Trees ' debut album Habits .
Urkraft ( English : Primordial Force ) is the third album by Swedish viking metal band Thyrfing .
Staring at the Cellophane is the sixth Jandek album , and his third of 1982 .
Enayyah Bethebbak ( `` My Eyes Love You '' ; Egyptian Arabic : عينيا بتحبك , IPA : ( ʕeˈnæjjæ betˈħebbæk ) ) is the second full - length studio album by Tamer Hosny , released at the end of 2005 .
Patruns is an album composed , performed and recorded by Ron Geesin .
In on the Kill Taker is the third full - length studio album by the American post - hardcore band Fugazi .
Byablue is an album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett 's ' American Quartet ' .
`` Pakai Buang '' is a song by Malaysian pop singer Stacy taken from her first studio album , Aku Stacy which was fully composed and written by Edry KRU .
`` When Tomorrow Comes '' is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics .
Grand Caravan to the Rim of the World is the second studio album from American indie hip hop group 3 Melancholy Gypsys .
Travelling the Face of the Globe is the fourth studio album released by London , England based experimental band Oi Va Voi .
`` In Your Care '' is the second single released by singer - songwriter Tasmin Archer .
`` We Should Be Lovers '' is the second single taken from the Royseven album You Say , We Say .
`` Get It On Tonite '' was the lead single released from Montell Jordan 's fourth album , Get It On ...
Ca n't Resist is a single from Scottish band Texas and the second to be taken from their album Red Book .
Stretchin ' Out is a 1983 studio album by a trio led by the late clarinetist Kenny Davern , along with Chuck Riggs and Dick Wellstood .
`` Sandcastle Disco '' is a song by American R&B recording artist Solange Knowles taken from her second album , Sol - Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams ( 2008 ) .
Hallelujah Hits is the fourth and final album by the London Boys although it was titled to the New London Boys .
Live at Symphonica in Rosso is the third live album by Dutch singer Anouk .
Wrecking Your Neck is a 2-disc live album released by the thrash metal band Overkill in 1995 .
Revolución ( English : Revolution ) is the sixth studio album by Spanish power metal band WarCry .
Scraps at Midnight is the third solo album by former Screaming Trees vocalist Mark Lanegan .
`` Einstein on the Beach ( For an Eggman ) '' is a song recorded by Counting Crows from the album DGC Rarities Vol . 1 .
It 's Never Been Like That is the third studio album by French alternative rock band Phoenix .
Sincerity Is an Easy Disguise in This Business is the third full - length album released by the melodic hardcore band Evergreen Terrace .
B / E / A / T / B / O / X is the second studio album by American electronic music duo Glass Candy , released in November 2007 by Italians Do It Better .
`` Break Ya Neck '' is the first single by American rapper Busta Rhymes from his fifth album Genesis ( 2001 ) .
How Can We Hang On to a Dream ? is a song composed and recorded by Tim Hardin .
`` Mecha Love '' is the first single by British grime band Hadouken ! from their third studio album Every Weekend .
Juslisen ( Just Listen ) is Musiq Soulchild 's second album , released in 2002 .
`` Igranka '' is a song recorded by the Montenegrin hip - hop duo Who See .
You 're for Me is an album by American country music artist Buck Owens , released in 1962 .
Two Dancers is the second studio album by British indie rock band Wild Beasts .
Two Kinds of Laughter is the sixth album by the American singer / songwriter Sara Hickman , released in 1998 .
Warm Hand is the debut solo album by New Zealand songwriter Don McGlashan .
`` Walkaway Lover '' is a pop song performed by Australian actress / singer Toni Pearen , released as the third single from her debut album Intimate in October 1994 .
Danko / Fjeld / Andersen was the first of two albums featuring the multi - national folk trio of Rick Danko ( Canada ) , Jonas Fjeld ( Norway ) and Eric Andersen ( United States ) .
Horses and High Heels is the 19th solo album release by British singer and songwriter Marianne Faithfull .
Play Pause Stop is a 2006 album from the Benevento / Russo Duo .
Even Worse is the fifth studio album by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic , released in 1988 .
`` Opportunity Nox '' is the only single from Swedish pop duo Roxette 's 2003 compilation album The Pop Hits .
One Flight Up is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dexter Gordon recorded in 1964 in Paris and released on the Blue Note label .
`` We R One '' is the first and only single from British brother and sister duo Same Difference ' debut studio album , Pop . The song was also the duo 's debut single .
Folkémon is the tenth studio album by the British folk metal band Skyclad .
`` Bootylicious '' is a song by American R&B group Destiny 's Child .
`` That 's When I Reach for My Revolver '' is a song by Mission of Burma that was written and sung by band member Clint Conley .
Maladjusted is the sixth studio album by English alternative rock singer Morrissey , released on 11 August 1997 by record label Island .
`` Stuck on Replay '' is a song by German electronic dance band Scooter .
Live Scenes from New York is a 3 disc live album by progressive metal / rock band Dream Theater , recorded on August 30 , 2000 , at the Roseland Ballroom in New York City .
One Shot Deal is an album by Frank Zappa , posthumously released on June 13 , 2008 .
Of the Blue Colour of the Sky is the third studio album by American alternative rock band OK Go .
A Modern Way of Living with the Truth is the fourth and currently final studio album by The Exies .
The Looks is the debut album by MSTRKRFT , released on July 18 , 2006 .
`` Down with the Clique '' is a song written and produced by R. Kelly for R&B singer Aaliyah 's debut album Age Ai n't Nothing but a Number .
`` Why Ca n't I ? '' is a song by American pop rock artist Liz Phair .
Dança Dos Escravos is a solo album by Brazilian composer and guitarist Egberto Gismonti recorded in 1988 and released on the ECM label .
The Art of Doing Nothing is the fourth studio album from Take That band member and singer - songwriter Mark Owen .
Kissing the Future of Love ( traditional Chinese : 親親 ; simplified Chinese : 亲亲 ; literally : `` kiss kiss '' ) is Malaysian Chinese Mandopop artist Fish Leong 's ( Chinese : 梁靜茹 ) eighth Mandarin studio album .
Class Guitar is the title of a recording by guitarist Chet Atkins .
The G Filez is the third album by Vallejo , California rapper , Celly Cel .
Mashooq is the fourth album released by Punjabi Bhangra artist Kulwinder Dhillon .
`` 911 Is a Joke '' is a 1990 song by American hip hop group Public Enemy , from their third album , Fear of a Black Planet .
Broadcasting ... is the third album by Canadian Hardcore punk band Comeback Kid .
`` Makin ' Out '' is the first single to be released from Take That band member Mark Owen 's independently released third solo album , How the Mighty Fall .
A Little Messed Up is the third studio album by pop - punk band The Dollyrots .
Ballads of the Day is an original jazz compilation by Nat King Cole .
`` SMS ( Bangerz ) '' is a song by American singer Miley Cyrus featuring Britney Spears for Cyrus ' fourth studio album Bangerz ( 2013 ) .
Life Enigma is an album by French Jazz - Fusion artist Jean - Luc Ponty , released in 2001 .
Black Hand Side is a song by Queen Latifah , released as a single in 1993 , taken from her album Black Reign .
Productions brought together long time Monks fan Alec Empire and the original Monks singer Gary Burger to collaborate on an updated version of the classic `` Monk Time '' .
`` Mentiroso '' ( Eng . : Liar ) is the first single released internationally by Enrique Iglesias from his fourth full - Spanish album , Quizás .
No Brakes is a 1984 album by John Waite and was released in June 1984 the United States on the EMI America label .
`` Ghost Showers '' is the second single from the album Bulletproof Wallets by Ghostface Killah .
Rock a Little is the third studio album by American singer - songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks .
The Age of Fear is the ninth studio album of Italian thrash metal band Necrodeath .
`` Chcem sa s tebou deliť '' ( in English transcribed as `` I Wanna Share with You '' ) is a song by the female singer Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1981 .
`` Fuck the Industry '' ( censored as `` F**k the Industry '' ) is a song recorded by American recording artist Solange Knowles .
`` Let the Dream Come True '' is a song by Swiss artist DJ BoBo .
`` It 's for You '' is a song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney of the Beatles for Cilla Black for whom it was a UK Top Ten hit in 1964 .
Ese Que Va Por Ahí is the 2nd album by British - Venezuelan singer - songwriter Jeremías released on May 2 , 2006 .
Ophelia 's Shadow was the fourth solo album by Toyah Willcox , and showcases a new direction in her work .
Posłuchaj to do Ciebie is the second album by Polish punk rock band Kult .
Surviving You , Always is the debut album of post - hardcore band Saccharine Trust , released in 1984 through SST .
Shakin ' Like a Human Being is the second solo album by Canadian singer and guitarist Kim Mitchell .
`` Stir Me Up '' is an English R&B song by Belgian - Turkish singer Hadise from her debut album Sweat .
`` Stranger by the Minute '' is a single by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree , released in October 1999 , from the Stupid Dream album .
Tam , de nas nema ( Ukrainian : Там , де нас нема ; Wherever We Are n't ) is the debut studio album of the popular Ukrainian rock group Okean Elzy .
`` Ne partez pas sans moi '' ( `` Do n't Leave Without Me '' ) is the Swiss winning entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988 , performed by Celine Dion .
`` 50 to a Pound '' is the second single to be taken from the debut album First Comes First by Kingston upon Hull band The Paddingtons , released on 11 July 2005 .
`` The Revenant Choir '' is Versailles first single and was released in three different versions , each with a different cover .
Str8 Out da Slums is a collaborative album from Lil ' Keke and The Jacka of the Mob Figaz .
`` Do n't Forget to Remember '' also called Do n't Forget to Remember Me is a country ballad recorded by the Bee Gees , from the album Cucumber Castle .
Brooklynati is the third release from rap group Tanya Morgan , released by Interdependent Media / iM Culture .
`` Bodyheat '' ( sometimes spelled `` Body Heat '' ) is a song recorded by James Brown .
`` 10538 Overture '' , released in 1972 , was the first single by The Electric Light Orchestra ( ELO ) .
West Side Stories is the twelfth studio album by a Grammy Award nominated composer , keyboardist and pioneer of the smooth jazz genre , Jeff Lorber , released on Verve Forecast in 1994 .
`` I Need Some Fine Wine and You , You Need to Be Nicer '' was the first single from The Cardigans ' sixth album Super Extra Gravity .
Beggars Banquet is the seventh British and ninth American studio album by English rock band The Rolling Stones .
In a World Like This is the eighth studio album ( seventh in the United States ) by the Backstreet Boys , released in 2013 through the band 's own record label K - BAHN .
Ca n't Stop Dreaming is a 1996 solo album by Daryl Hall .
`` By the Time This Night Is Over '' is a song by Kenny G , featuring Peabo Bryson , released as a single from his album Breathless , in 1993 .
`` My Man and the Devil on His Shoulder '' is a song by Belgian - Turkish R&B singer Hadise .
Obliteration Pie is an album by Robyn Hitchcock , released in Japan in 2005 .
Sound of Sexy Soul is the second album by American soul group The Delfonics , released in 1969 on the Philly Groove label .
`` Take a Letter Maria '' is a song written and recorded by R. B. Greaves , an American soul singer .
The Earth Sings Mi Fa Mi is the second and final studio album by Boston experimental rock band The Receiving End of Sirens .
A Lethal Dose of American Hatred is the second and final album by heavy metal band Superjoint Ritual .
Under the Boards is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Saves the Day , released on October 30 , 2007 .
Revés / Yo Soy ( Backwards / I Am - note that `` Yo Soy '' is a palindrome ) is the fourth album by Café Tacuba .
Last of the Good Straight Girls is the third album by American singer - songwriter Susan Werner , released in 1995 ( see 1995 in music ) .
Back When I Knew It All is the sixth studio album by the American country music duo Montgomery Gentry .
Power of the Dollar is the unreleased debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist 50 Cent .
`` Magic Hollow '' is a song by American rock group The Beau Brummels , from the band 's fourth album , 1967 's Triangle .
First Grand Constitution and Bylaws is the debut studio album by American experimental rock band Secret Chiefs 3 .
Cardiff Rose is a solo studio album by American singer / songwriter and ex - The Byrds frontman Roger McGuinn , released in 1976 .
`` Be a Boy '' is a song by English singer - songwriter Robbie Williams , taken from his ninth studio album , Take the Crown .
Rock ' n Roll Stage Show is the fourth album of rock and roll music by Bill Haley and His Comets .
Ooh , That Could Cost Him the Gold , Bob ! is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings .
Terror & Magnificence is a 1997 album by John Harle , featuring Elvis Costello and others .
`` Angel of Harlem '' is a song by Irish rock group U2 .
Black Rivers Flow is the second album by the Wisconsin thrash metal band Lazarus A.D ..
`` Now You 're Not Here '' is a song from Swing Out Sister 's fifth album Shapes and Patterns , was used as the theme to a Japanese TV program , and received a Japanese ' Grand Prix ' ( the equivalent of a Grammy Award ) for best international single in 1997 .
The Allegheny White Fish Tapes is `` a mind melting collection of Tobacco 's early tapes from 1996 - 1999 .
`` It Only Hurts When I Cry '' is a song co - written by American country music artists Dwight Yoakam and Roger Miller , and recorded by Yoakam .
`` Shout and Shimmy '' is an R&B song written by James Brown , and recorded by him and The Famous Flames .
In a New Setting is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring McCoy Tyner recorded in 1964 and released on the Limelight label .
También Yo ( English : So am I or So do I ) is the first studio album by the Mexican pop singer Daniela Romo .
`` We Dance On '' is a song performed by British hip hop group N - Dubz , released as the group 's eleventh overall single and the lead single from their third studio album , Love . Live . Life .
`` I Get Up '' was a single that was released in 2003 by Australian band INXS .
Angus Hudson is a fictional character from the ITV drama Upstairs , Downstairs , portrayed by actor Gordon Jackson from 1971 until 1975 .
`` ¡ Que Vida ! '' is a song written by Arthur Lee and first released in 1967 by the band Love .
`` Beat Surrender '' was The Jam 's final single released on 26 November 1982 .
In the Good Old Days ( When Times Were Bad ) is the third solo studio album by Dolly Parton , released in February 1969 .
`` It 's Not Right but It 's Okay '' is a song by American singer Whitney Houston , from her fourth studio album My Love Is Your Love .
Against the World is the third studio album by deathcore band Winds of Plague .
Hadiah Daripada Hati is the twelfth studio album by Malaysian pop singer - songwriter Dato ' Siti Nurhaliza which was released on 10 December 2007 .
Song in the Air is the third album by American emo band Elliott .
The Butcher and the Butterfly is the third studio album by English alternative rock band Queenadreena , released in May 2005 though One Little Indian and Imperial Records .
`` She 's Not You '' is a 1962 song recorded by Elvis Presley and published by Gladys Music , Elvis Presley 's publishing company .
`` Do Right Woman , Do Right Man '' ( also written `` Do Right Woman -- Do Right Man '' ) is a single by Aretha Franklin .
Flesh on Flesh is a 2002 album by Italian - American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola .
`` Do It Again ( Put Ya Hands Up ) '' is the lead single from rapper Jay - Z 's fourth album Vol . 3 ...
Fake History is the second album by Los Angeles band Letlive .
`` Big Chips '' is a 2004 song by R&B singer R. Kelly and rapper Jay - Z. It was also co - written by the song producers , Poke and Tone and Alexander Mosley .
100 % Lena was released in 2002 and is a compilation album by Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson .
`` Tail of Hope '' is a song recorded by South Korean singer BoA , released on June 26 , 2013 .
Diabolical Conquest is the third studio album by the American death metal band Incantation .
Pokreni se ( English translation : Move Yourself ) is an extended play ( EP ) by Bosnian rapper Frenkie .
`` Ca n't Wait Another Minute '' is a 1986 hit single by British pop group Five Star , peaking at number 7 on the UK Singles Chart and giving them their highest ever peak of 41 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States where it also reached number 7 on the Hot R&B chart .
`` Alpha Beta Gaga '' is an electronica song by Air from the album Talkie Walkie .
Musically , `` Dressin ' Up '' incorporates the styles of electro and dance - rock , along with a prominent electronic dance production .
The Mafia Stole My Guitar is the second album produced by Alex Harvey .
`` Better Than a Hallelujah '' is a digital MP3 single released in 2010 ( see 2010 in music ) to promote Amy Grant 's album Somewhere Down the Road , which was also released in 2010 .
Môj malý príbeh ( English : My Little Story ) is the second solo album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1981 .
Brindo a La Vida , Al Bolero , A Ti is a 1992 album by Vikki Carr that was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Recording .
`` Calling Your Name '' is the debut single by British pop singer Marilyn .
Megadef is Los Angeles underground rap group Styles of Beyond 's second studio album , which was released on Spytech Records on September 9 , 2003 after their 1998 installment 2000 Fold .
`` Falling Slowly '' is a song in the indie folk and indie rock genres that was written , composed , and performed by Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová .
Far Wes is a reissue of Montgomeryland , the second album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery , released in 1958 .
`` Vohon chy lid ( Vse ne te ) '' ( Ukrainian : Вогонь чи лід ( Все не те ) , English : Fire or Ice ) is a pop song recorded by Ukrainian popsinger Ruslana , written by her and Oleksander Ksenofotov and co - produced by Ruslana herself .
Mondo Medicale is the second full - length album by American death metal / goregrind band Impaled .
`` No Expectations '' is a song by British rock and roll band The Rolling Stones featured on their 1968 album Beggars Banquet .
Voices Within is a 1999 ( see 1999 in music ) album by Ilse Huizinga .
`` Wo n't Go Home Without You '' is a ballad and the third single released from Maroon 5 's second album , It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long ( 2007 ) .
Just Testing is the tenth studio album by the British rock band Wishbone Ash , released in 1980 .
It was first released commercially by Billy Joel , under the title `` To Make You Feel My Love '' , before Dylan 's version appeared later that same year .
What a Feelin ' is the second album by American singer - songwriter Irene Cara and her most successful album to date .
Tut Tut , Now Shake Ya Butt is a studio album by American experimental punk band Japanther .
Undiluted is an album by jazz pianist Wynton Kelly recorded in 1965 and released on the Verve label featuring performances by Kelly with Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb with flautist Rudy Stevenson added on one track .
Rise to It is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss , released on the band 's fifteenth studio album , Hot in the Shade in 1989 .
Boy with Lots of Brass is a 1957 album by Canadian jazz trumpeter Maynard Ferguson featuring singer Irene Kral .
`` Sheena Is a Punk Rocker '' is a song by the punk rock group Ramones .
`` Bimbo Nation '' is the second single from TV Rock 's debut album Sunshine City .
BLAQ Style is the first full - length album by South Korean boy band MBLAQ , and was released by J.Tune Camp on January 10 , 2011 at 11 AM KST .
Guitararama is the first studio album by Stephen Dale Petit released on June 2 , 2008 .
Howl On the fourth solo studio album by Bap Kennedy , was released on August 3 , 2009 ( see 2009 in music ) on Kennedy 's new label , Lonely Street Discs .
On and On and Beyond is the debut extended play by American rapper Mac Miller .
Soundtrack to a Revolution is the sixth full - length ( and latest ) album by the Christian ska band , The Insyderz .
At War with Satan is the third album by extreme metal band Venom , released in April 1984 .
`` Loving You Is Killing Me '' is a song by American singer Aloe Blacc , with music and lyrics by Jeffrey Scott Silverman , Leon Marcus Michels , Clay Wells Holley , Nicholas Anthony Movshon and E. Nathaniel Dawkins and produced by Leon Michels and Jeff Dynamite .
Zoo TV Live is a live album by the Irish rock band U2 .
Glitter 4 Your Soul is the debut solo album by Poison drummer Rikki Rockett , released in 2003 ( and reissued in 2008 ) .
Chase This Light is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World , released on October 16 , 2007 through Interscope .
`` Contigo hasta el final '' ( Spanish pronunciation : ( konˈtiɣo ˈasta el fiˈnal ) , `` With you until the end '' ) , is a song written and performed by Spanish band El Sueño de Morfeo .
`` The Man Who Never Lied '' is a song recorded by American band Maroon 5 for their fourth studio album Overexposed ( 2012 ) .
`` Roma - Bangkok '' is a song recorded by Italian rapper Baby K , with vocals from Italian singer Giusy Ferreri , for her second studio album Kiss Kiss Bang Bang ( 2015 ) .
Recurse is the debut studio album released by American electro - industrial band Finite Automata .
`` Say Just Words '' is a single by Paradise Lost from their 1997 album One Second .
The Memory of Trees is the fourth studio album from the by Irish musician Enya , released in December 1995 on WEA Records .
Dinner Music is an album by American composer , bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded in 1976 and released on the Watt / ECM label in 1977 .
`` Get in Line '' is a song by the Canadian alternative rock group Barenaked Ladies .
Quiet Exit is the 2006 debut album of Norwegian singer - songwriter Elvira Nikolaisen .
Timeless Love is a studio album of standards by Smokey Robinson , released through New Door Records in 2006 .
Hatred , Passions and Infidelity is the second album from hip hop producer and emcee Diamond D , released five years after his acclaimed debut , Stunts , Blunts and Hip Hop .
In That Water is the second album released by the Ghetto Twiinz .
Sounds ... and Stuff Like That ! ! is a 1978 studio album by Quincy Jones .
Spirit of the Boogie is the highly successful sixth studio album released in 1975 by Kool & the Gang .
Time to Win , Vol . 2 is an album by Canadian rap rock band Down with Webster .
Asunder , Sweet and Other Distress ( Stylized as ' Asunder , Sweet and Other Distress ' ) is the fifth studio album by Canadian post - rock band Godspeed You ! Black Emperor , released on 31 March 2015 .
Pink Friday is the debut studio album by Trinidadian - American recording artist Nicki Minaj , released on November 19 , 2010 , by Young Money , Cash Money and Universal Motown .
Para Innocens is a CD project made by Daniel Sarcos in 1998 for Fundacion Innocens , a charity made to raise awareness for children who have HIV .
Man with the Hat is an album by American jazz saxophonists Grace Kelly and Phil Woods .
Summer of ' 78 is an album by singer - songwriter Barry Manilow , released in 1996 .
Enssa is a 2004 Arabic music album by Moustafa Amar .
`` Everything Is Embarrassing '' is a song by American recording artist Sky Ferreira for her second extended play ( EP ) Ghost ( 2012 ) .
The Haunted Melody is the title of Yes guitarist Steve Howe 's seventeenth solo album .
`` Get Outta My Way '' is a song recorded by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue for her eleventh studio album Aphrodite ( 2010 ) .
`` When She 's Near '' is the first single from the Jon Foreman / Sean Watkins collaboration Fiction Family 's debut eponymous album .
`` I 'll Take Her '' was the second single released from Ill Al Skratch 's debut album , Creep wit ' Me .
`` The Unnamed Feeling '' is the third single by heavy metal band Metallica , taken from the eighth studio album St. Anger .
American Apathy is the fourth studio album by nu metal band Dope .
Culture Vultures is a 2007 indie rock album by American band Orson .
Külmale maale is an album released in 1989 by an Estonian punk rock band J.M.K.E. It consists of songs written by Villu Tamme in the 1980s .
`` Back Like That '' is the second single by rapper Ghostface Killah from his critically acclaimed fifth solo album Fishscale .
Short Cut Draw Blood is the third studio album by the British musician Jim Capaldi .
Tea for the Tillerman is the fourth studio album by the singer - songwriter Cat Stevens .
In a New Age was released in 1988 , the first recording released by singer - songwriter Mickey Newbury since 1981 's After All These Years .
`` Time in a Bottle '' is a hit single by singer - songwriter Jim Croce .
Douglas Sessions ' 05 is an album by Boston - based rock group The Lights Out .
`` I Do n't Blame You '' is a song by the American singer - songwriter , Cat Power ( a.k.a . Chan Marshall ) .
Cyborg Slunks is the twenty - first studio album by Buckethead , released on October 30 , 2007 .
A Talonear ! ! ( Let 's Walk Around ) ( 2007 ) is the 26th album by Mexican rock and blues band El Tri , based in Mexico City .
`` The Thin Ice '' is a song by Pink Floyd , released on The Wall in 1979 .
A Different Kind of Truth is the twelfth studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen .
Concert in the Garden is the fourth studio album by American jazz composer , Maria Schneider .
Some Call It Godcore is the fifth album released by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit in 1995 .
A King in the Kindness Room is the ninth solo album by Australian guitarist and songwriter Ed Kuepper recorded in 1995 and released on the Hot label .
The Cross of Changes is the second studio album by the musical project Enigma , released three years after MCMXC a . D ..
Lepta ( Russian : Лепта , English : Contribution ) is the second full - length album by the Russian folk metal band Arkona .
Remember You 're a Womble was the second album released by The Wombles .
K.K.K.K.K. ( 1998 ) is the second full - length album from Japanese singer Kahimi Karie , originally released in 1998 on the Cornelius - run Trattoria label .
Natural Progression is a 2004 album by the Canadian hip hop group Sweatshop Union .
`` Idee Stupide '' ( en : Stupid ideas ) is the fourth and last single released by Fabri Fibra from his third solo studio album :
The Queen of Hardships ( sometimes credited as Queen of Hardships ) is the 13th studio album by cantopop singer Prudence Liew .
`` Alapaap '' ( English : Skies ) is a song by the Eraserheads from the album Circus .
Constant Change is the sixth studio album by Filipino singer - songwriter Jose Mari Chan .
Blank Unstaring Heirs of Doom is a `` best of '' recording by Jana Hunter in 2005 .
Fear of a Red Planet is a song by the American synthpop band Red Flag .
Fatal Design is the fifth studio album by Finnish Gothic metal band , Entwine .
`` I Ca n't Stand Myself ( When You Touch Me ) '' , also known as `` I Ca n't Stand It '' , is a song written and recorded by James Brown in 1967 .
You Ca n't Stop the Bum Rush is the third studio album and major label debut of Canadian Pop group Len , released on May 25 , 1999 by Work Records .
Lost ( T)apes is a compilation album by Guano Apes .
Solonoise 1 is an album by the Japanese noise artist Merzbow .
Crystal Mass is the fourth album by The Tear Garden , released four years after To Be an Angel Blind , the Crippled Soul Divide .
Isabelle Bogelot ( 11 May 1838 , Paris - 14 June 1923 , Boulogne - Billancourt ) was a French philanthropist and feminist .
Eugène Leterrier ( born 1843 , died Paris , 22 December 1884 ) was a French librettist .
Henry of Bavaria or Henry of the Palatinate ( German : Heinrich von der Pfalz ) ( Heidelberg , 15 February 1487 -- Ladenburg , 3 January 1552 ) was bishop of Utrecht from 1524 to 1529 , bishop of Worms from 1523 to 1552 and bishop of Freising from 1541 to 1552 .
Count Ugo Balzani ( 6 November 1847 -- 27 February 1916 ) was an Italian historian , born in Rome and educated there in the universities of that city .
Libéral Bruant ( ca 1635 - Paris , 22 November 1697 ) , was a French architect best known as the designer of the Hôtel des Invalides , Paris , now dominated by the dome erected by Jules Hardouin Mansart , his collaborator in earlier stages of the construction .
Peter Menacher ( born 29 November 1939 in Augsburg , Germany ) was the mayor of Augsburg , Germany for twelve years between 1990 and 2002 .
General Carlos Quintanilla Quiroga ( Cochabamba , Bolivia , January 22 , 1888 -- June 8 , 1964 ) served as the de facto President of Bolivia from August 1939 until April 1940 .
Hans Christian Petersen ( 11 August 1793 -- 26 September 1862 ) was a Norwegian politician and served as the de facto Prime minister of Norway during the personal union of Sweden - Norway from 1858 to 1861 .
Thomas Reibey ( 24 September 1821 -- 10 February 1912 ) was an Australian politician and Premier of Tasmania from 20 July 1876 until 9 August 1877 .
Pietro Pace ( 9 April 1831 - 29 July 1914 ) was a Maltese archbishop who served as the bishop of Malta from 1889 until his death in 1914 .
John A. Bentley ( January 27 , 1836 - - ? ? ? ? ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate .
Marta Sahagún de Fox ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmarta sa(a)ˈɣun de foks ) ; born Marta María Sahagún Jiménez on April 10 , 1953 ) served as the First Lady of Mexico from July 2 , 2001 , when she married President Vicente Fox , until he left office in December 2006 .
Emil Constantinescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( eˈmil konstantiˈnesku ) ; born 19 November 1939 ) is a Romanian professor and politician , who served as the third President of Romania , from 1996 to 2000 .
Patricia Reid Lindner was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 50th district from 1993 until her retirement at the end of her term in 2009 .
Luigi Mascolo was an Italian former Roman Catholic priest who converted to and became a bishop of the Brazilian Catholic Apostolic Church ( ICAB ) , an independent Catholic Church in Brazil .
Josianne Fleming - Artsen ( born 1949 ) is an educator and politician , who served as Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 2014 to 2015 and Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 2013 to 2014 .
In earlier versions of the Silmarillion legendarium as detailed in the History of Middle - earth series , Orodreth was a more important character , and the original king of Nargothrond .
Panagiotis Kanellopoulos or Panayotis Kanellopoulos ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Κανελλόπουλος ; Patras , Achaea , 13 December 1902 -- Athens , 11 September 1986 ) was a Greek author , politician and Prime Minister of Greece .
Don W. McGeorge ( born 1954 ) is the president and chief operating officer of Kroger .
Sylvie Lespérance ( December 21 , 1954 -- September 22 , 2006 ) was a politician in Quebec , Canada , and the Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Joliette from 2002 to 2003 .
Leo Berman ( October 21 , 1935 -- May 23 , 2015 ) was an American businessman , military officer , and politician from Tyler , Texas who was a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives for District 6 in Smith County .
Francis Cassidy QC ( 17 January 1827 -- 14 June 1873 ) was a Canadian lawyer and politician , the Mayor of Montreal , Quebec for three months in 1873 , until his term was cut short by death .
Petre Roman ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈpetre ˈroman ) ; born 22 July 1946 ) is a Romanian politician who was Prime Minister of Romania from 1989 to 1991 , when his government was overthrown by the intervention of the miners led by Miron Cozma .
Sekhemraneferkhau Wepwawetemsaf was an Egyptian pharaoh during the Second Intermediate Period .
Karl - August Fagerholm ( 31 December 1901 , Siuntio -- 22 May 1984 , Helsinki ) was Speaker of Parliament and three times Prime Minister of Finland ( 1948 - -50 , 1956 - -57 , and 1958 ) .
Sir Henry Aubrey - Fletcher , 4th Baronet , CB , PC ( 24 September 1835 -- 19 May 1910 ) , born Henry Fletcher , was a Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom .
Cristoforo Vidman ( 1617 - 30 September 1660 ) was an Italian Catholic cardinal of German descent and cardinal - priest of St Mark 's Basilica in Venice .
Roger Nicholas Edwards , Baron Crickhowell , PC ( born 25 February 1934 ) is a British Conservative Party politician and a former Secretary of State for Wales .
David Edward Foley ( born February 3 , 1930 ) is a retired American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the third bishop of the Diocese of Birmingham , Alabama .
Anton Schlembach ( born 7 February 1932 in Münnerstadt , Bavaria ) is bishop emeritus and the 95th Bishop of Speyer .
Ronald Philippe Bär , ( Manado , North Sulawesi , then Dutch East Indies , July 29 , 1928 ) is a retired Dutch Roman Catholic bishop .
Merneferre Ay ( also spelled Aya or Eje ) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the mid 13th Dynasty .
Janez Drnovšek ( Slovene pronunciation : ( ˈjàːnɛz dəɾˈnɔ́ːwʃək ) ; 17 May 1950 -- 23 February 2008 ) was a Slovenian liberal politician , President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia ( 1989 - -1990 ) , Prime Minister of Slovenia ( 1992 - -2002 ) and President of Slovenia ( 2002 - -2007 ) .
Dr. Ramón Grau San Martín ( September 13 , 1881 , La Palma , Pinar del Río Province , Spanish Cuba -- July 28 , 1969 , Havana , Cuba ) was a Cuban physician and the President of Cuba ( 1933 - -1934 , 1944 - -1948 ) .
Sekhemrewahkhau Rahotep was an Egyptian pharaoh who reigned during the Second Intermediate Period , when Egypt was ruled by multiple kings .
Thomas Cajetan ( pronunciation : /ˈkædʒətən/ ) , also known as Gaetanus , commonly Tommaso de Vio or Thomas de Vio ( 20 February 1469 - 9 August 1534 ) , was an Italian philosopher , theologian , cardinal ( from 1517 until his death ) and the Master of the Order of Preachers 1508 - 18 .
Robert Atkinson Davis ( March 9 , 1841 -- January 7 , 1903 ) was a businessman and Manitoba politician who served as the fourth Premier of Manitoba .
Frank McCoppin ( July 4 , 1834 in County Longford , Ireland -- May 26 , 1897 in San Francisco , California ) was the first Irish - born , and foreign - born Mayor of San Francisco .
Abderrahmane Nekli ( July 19 , 1914 , in El Kseur -- February 8 , 1990 ) was an Algerian diplomat and ambassador .
Tsunesaburō Makiguchi ( 牧口 常三郎 , Makiguchi Tsunesaburō 1871 - -1944 ) was a Japanese educator who founded and became the first president of the Sōka Kyōiku Gakkai ( Value - Creating Education Society ) , the predecessor of today 's Soka Gakkai .
Oscytel ( or Oskytel ; died 971 ) was a medieval Bishop of Dorchester and Archbishop of York .
Dietrich Heinrich Ludwig von Ompteda ( 5 March 1746 , Hoya - 18 May 1803 , Regensburg ) was a Hanoverian jurist and government minister .
Gregory of Nyssa , also known as Gregory Nyssen ( Greek : Γρηγόριος Νύσσης ; c. 335 -- c. 395 ) , was bishop of Nyssa from 372 to 376 and from 378 until his death .
James Larsin ( May 25 , 1855 -- ? ) was an American ship carpenter and fisherman from Menekaunee , Wisconsin who spent one term as a Union Labor Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Marinette County .
Lorenzo Girolamo Mattei ( 29 May 1748 , Rome - 24 July 1833 ) was an Italian cardinal from the house of Mattei .
Jerzy Tyszkiewicz ( Lithuanian : Jurgis Tiškevičius ; 1596 - -1656 ) was auxiliary bishop of Vilnius from 1627 to 1633 , bishop of Samogitia from 1633 to 1649 , and bishop of Vilnius from 1649 to 1656 .
Bishop Nykanor Deyneha ( Ukrainian : Никанор Дейнега ; December 8 , 1907 -- November 8 , 1982 ) was the clandestine Ukrainian Auxiliary bishop of Lviv of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church .
Bernardo de Sandoval y Rojas ( 1546 - -1618 ) was a Spanish bishop and cardinal who was Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1608 to 1618 .
Karl - Adolf Zenker ( 19 July 1907 -- 27 March 1998 ) was an officer in the Kriegsmarine during World War II . He served as a member of the Naval Historical Team and later became commander ( Inspector of the Navy ) of the post - war German Navy .
Nino Staffieri ( born January 22 , 1931 in Casalpusterlengo , Province of Lodi ) is the emerit bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Spezia - Sarzana - Brugnato .
Jean - Baptiste Boisot ( July 1638 , Besançon - 4 December 1694 ) , more commonly known as the French abbot , bibliophile , and scholar notable for leaving his collection of manuscripts ( including the papers of cardinal Antoine Perrenot de Granvelle ) to the Benedictine monks of Saint - Vincent .
James Russell Wiggins ( December 4 , 1903 -- November 19 , 2000 ) was managing editor of The Washington Post and United States Ambassador to the United Nations .
Stefano Durazzo ( 16 June 1594 - 11 July 1667 ) was an Italian Catholic cardinal and archbishop of Genoa .
Roman Richard Atkielski ( August 5 , 1899 -- June 30 , 1969 ) was a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee serving from 1947 until 1969 .
Johann Theodor of Bavaria ( 3 September 1703 -- 27 January 1763 ) was a cardinal , Prince - Bishop of Regensburg , Prince - Bishop of Freising , and Prince - Bishop of Liège .
Saint Anthony Mary Claret , C.M.F. ( Catalan : Antoni Maria Claret i Clarà ; Spanish : Antonio María Claret y Clarà ; December 23 , 1807 -- October 24 , 1870 ) was a Catalan Spanish Roman Catholic archbishop and missionary , and was confessor of Isabella II of Spain .
Benny Lautrup ( born June 25 , 1939 ) is a professor in theoretical physics at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen .
Bruno Bertagna ( 12 October 1935 − 31 October 2013 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop .
Joshua Beal Ferris ( January 13 , 1804 -- June 8 , 1886 ) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives representing Stamford from 1838 to 1839 , and a member of the Connecticut Senate representing Connecticut 's 12th Senate District from 1840 to 1842 , and from 1849 to 1851 .
Pierre Sagna ( 11 July 1932 − 24 May 2008 ) was a Senegalese Roman Catholic bishop .
John Munford Gregory ( July 8 , 1804 -- April 9 , 1884 ) was a US political figure and Acting Governor of Virginia from 1842 to 1843 .
Rodrigo Luis de Borja y de Castre - Pinós ( 1524 - -1537 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic cardinal .
James H. Merrill is a Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives , representing the 99th District since 2000 and currently serving as the Majority Leader .
Saint Alberic of Utrecht ( died 784 ) was a Benedictine monk and bishop of Utrecht , in what is today the Netherlands .
George Docking ( February 23 , 1904 -- January 20 , 1964 ) was the 35th Governor of Kansas , ( 1957 - -1961 ) .
Synesius ( Greek : Συνέσιος ; c. 373 -- c. 414 ) , a Greek bishop of Ptolemais in the Libyan Pentapolis after 410 , was born of wealthy parents , who claimed descent from Spartan kings , at Balagrae ( Bayda now ) near Cyrene between 370 and 375 .
Pietro II Orseolo ( died 1009 ) was the Doge of Venice from 991 to 1009 .
Kubanychbek Jumaliyev ( Кубанычбек Мырзабекович Жумалиев ) ( born 26 April 1956 ) served as the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from 24 March 1998 to 23 December 1998 .
Ioane I of Mtskheta ( Georgian : იოანე I ) was the first archbishop of the Georgian Orthodox Church in period of 335 - -363 .
Girolamo Agucchi ( 1555 - -1605 ) was a Catholic cardinal from 1604 to 1605 .
William of St. Barbara or William of Ste Barbe ( died 1152 ) was a medieval Bishop of Durham .
Manuel Leuterio de Castro , Jr. ( born July 6 , 1949 ) , better known as Noli de Castro or `` Kabayan '' Noli de Castro , was the 14th Vice President of the Philippines ( 2004 - -2010 ) , under President Gloria Macapagal - Arroyo .
Iñaki Mallona Txertudi C.P. ( born July 1 , 1932 ) was the third Roman Catholic bishop of Arecibo .
Jean - Baptiste Chautard OCSO ( born 12 March 1858 in Briançon , France ; died 29 September 1935 at Sept - Fons Abbey ) was a French Trappist abbot and religious writer .
Saint Ceolfrid ( or Ceolfrith ) ( Pronounced `` Chol - frid '' ) ( c. 642 -- 716 ) was an Anglo - Saxon Christian abbot and saint .
Walter Polakowski ( January 18 , 1888 -- November 13 , 1966 ) was an American upholsterer , trade union activist , and small business owner from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and Wisconsin State Senate for a total of 14 years .
Pēteris Juraševskis ( 23 March 1872 , Sesava parish -10 January 1945 ) held the office of Prime Minister of Latvia from 24 January 1928 -- 30 November 1928 .
Rose Vesper was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1993 - 2000 for the 72nd district , a portion of Clermont County , Ohio .
Saint Amasius of Teano ( Italian : Amasio di Teano ) ( d. 356 ) was the second bishop of Teano in Italy .
Jacob Rummel ( April 17 , 1857 -- 1928 ) was an American cigarmaker and Socialist from Milwaukee who served one term ( 1905 - -1908 ) as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing the 6th Senate district ( 9th , 10th , 19th , 20th , and 22nd wards of the city of Milwaukee ) .
Timothy Tong ( traditional Chinese : 湯顯明 ; simplified Chinese : 汤显明 ; pinyin : Tāng Xiǎnmíng ) born in 1950 , is a former Commissioner , Independent Commission Against Corruption for the Independent Commission Against Corruption of Hong Kong .
Judy Martz ( born July 28 , 1943 ) was the 22nd Governor of Montana , having served a single term from January 1 , 2001 , to January 3 , 2005 .
Claud Schuster , 1st Baron Schuster GCB CVO KC ( 22 August 1869 -- 28 June 1956 ) was a British barrister and civil servant noted for his long tenure as Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor 's Office .
Yakov Chubin also known as Yakov Shub ( Mstsislaw , Mogilyov Governorate , 1893 -- Moscow , November 1956 ) served as the seventh General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Turkmen SSR .
John Steinbrink ( born April 17 , 1949 ) was a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , representing the 65th Assembly District from 1996 when he defeated popular Republican Jeff Toboyek from the City of Kenosha to 2013 .
Juan Federico Ponce Vaides ( 26 August 1889 -- 16 November 1956 ) was the acting President of Guatemala from 4 July 1944 to 20 October 1944 .
Gopalkrishna Gandhi ( Bengali : গোপালকৃষ্ণ গান্ধী Gopalkrishno Gandhi ; born April 22 , 1945 ) is an Indian civil servant and diplomat , who was the Governor of West Bengal serving from 2004 to 2009 .
Bishop Mathias Loras ( August 30 , 1792 -- February 19 , 1858 ) was an immigrant French priest to the United States who later became the first bishop of the Dubuque Diocese in what would become the state of Iowa .
Dom João Anes ( or João Eanes ) ( died May 3 , 1402 ) was bishop ( since 1384 ) and also the first archbishop of Lisbon .
Tom Demmer ( born 1986 ) is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 90th district , a four county district located in northwestern Illinois that includes all or parts of Dixon , Rochelle , Oregon , Stillman Valley , Davis Junction , DeKalb , Sandwich , Shabbona , Somonauk , Earlville and Mendota .
Helga Trüpel has been a member of the European Parliament 's Delegation for Relations with the People 's Republic of China .
Sewadjkare III ( also known as Sewadjkare II in ) was an Egyptian pharaoh of the 14th Dynasty of Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period c. 1700 BC . As a king of the 14th dynasty , Sewadjkare III would have reigned from Avaris over the eastern Nile Delta and possibly over the western Delta as well .
Jonathan Weinzapfel ( born November 16 , 1965 ) was the 33rd mayor of Evansville , Indiana .
Amenhotep III ( Hellenized as Amenophis III ; Egyptian Amāna - Ḥātpa ; meaning Amun is Satisfied ) also known as Amenhotep the Magnificent was the ninth pharaoh of the Eighteenth dynasty .
Patrick Kerwin , PC ( October 25 , 1889 -- February 2 , 1963 ) , was the tenth Chief Justice of Canada .
Jerome Arthur Pechillo , T.O.R. ( May 16 , 1919 -- January 1 , 1991 ) was an American missionary and bishop of the Catholic Church .
Antonio R. Riley is the Midwest Regional Administrator of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Pietro I Candiano ( c. 842 -- 18 September 887 ) was briefly the sixteenth Doge of Venice in 887 .
Malachy Ó Caollaidhe , also known as Malachy Queally , Malachias Quælly , O'Queely or O'Quechly ( died 1645 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic archbishop of Tuam ; he was called by Irish writers Maelseachlainn Ua Cadhla , by John Colgan Queleus , and erroneously by Thomas Carte , O'Kelly .
Paul Kim Ok - kyun ( December 9 , 1925 -- March 1 , 2010 ) was the Roman Catholic titular bishop of Girba and the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seoul , South Korea .
Mar Shimun XVIII Rubil ( also Simon XVIII Rouel or Rowil ) was Patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East from 1860 to 1903 succeeding Shimun XVII Abraham .
Abassad was a bishop and martyr of the early Christian church .
Nicolò Tron ( Born c. 1399 -- died 1473 in Venice ) was the 68th Doge of Venice , reigning from 1471 to 1473 .
Seth Meribre was the twenty - fourth pharaoh of the 13th dynasty during the Second Intermediate Period .
Giacomo Puteo ( 1495 - -1563 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Pope Sixtus IV ( 21 July 1414 -- 12 August 1484 ) , born Francesco della Rovere , was pope from 9 August 1471 to his death in 1484 .
Antonio Priuli ( 10 May 1548 -- 12 August 1623 ) was the 94th Doge of Venice , reigning from 17 May 1618 until his death .
Gerónimo Castillón y Salas ( 1756 - -1835 ) was a Spanish bishop who was the last Grand Inquisitor of Spain .
James McGolrick ( 1841 - -1918 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first bishop of the Diocese of Duluth , Minnesota between the foundation of the diocese in 1889 until his death in 1918 .
James Callan Graham ( October 2 , 1914 -- July 23 , 2006 ) , generally referred to as Callan Graham , was an attorney in the Texas Hill Country , a pilot in World War II and a member of the Texas House of Representatives .
Jared Thompson , Jr. was an American lawyer who served one year as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 5th Milwaukee County assembly district ( the 5th Ward of the city of Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) in 1865 , succeeding J. C. U. Niedermann , of the National Union Party .
Thomas L. Stevenson is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , where he represented the 42nd legislative district from 1997 through 2006 .
Camillo Massimo ( 20 July 1620 -- 12 September 1677 ) was an Italian cardinal in 17th century Rome , best remembered as a major patron of Baroque artists such as Pouissin , Lorrain , Velázquez , Duquesnoy , Algardi , Francesco Fontana and Cosimo Fancelli .
Konstantinos Tsaldaris ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Τσαλδάρης , 1884 - -1970 ) was a Greek politician and twice Prime Minister of Greece .
Lt . Colonel Fidelis Makka ( born 21 December 1950 ) was Military Governor of Benue State , Nigeria from 21 July 1988 to 2 January 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghani ( pronunciation AHB - duhl - ah - zeez ahb - dehl - GAH - nee ; 2 January 1939 -- 22 August 2011 ) was a Yemeni politician who served as Prime Minister of Yemen from 1994 to 1997 , under President Ali Abdullah Saleh .
Jean - Pierre Batut ( born Paris 3 July 1954 ) is a French bishop and theologian .
Alhaji Abubakar Musa is a Nigerian politician who was elected on the National Republican Convention ( NRC ) platform as Governor of Kebbi State , Nigeria , holding office between January 1992 and November 1983 during the Nigerian Third Republic .
Commandant - General Stephanus Schoeman ( 14 March 1810 -- 1890 ) was State President of the South African Republic ( ZAR - Transvaal ) , from 6 December 1860 until 17 April 1862 .
Pope John Paul II appointed Francisco Chimoio to the position of bishop of Pemba on 5 December 2000 .
Valeriu Streleț ( born 1970 ) is a Moldovan politician who was Prime Minister of Moldova in 2015 .
Nitish Kumar ( born 1 March 1951 ) is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Bihar since February 2015 .
Abubakar Shehu - Abubakar ( born December 17 , 1977 , Gombe , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian traditional leader who was appointed the 11th Emir of Gombe in June 2014 .
Robert Kilwardby OP ( c. 1215 -- 11 September 1279 ) was an Archbishop of Canterbury in England and a cardinal .
Arnold of St. Martin 's , Irish abbot , died 1103 .
Sulaiman Ja'abari ( Arabic : سليمان الجعبري‎ , 1912 - -1994 ) was a Sunni Muslim religious leader of the Palestinian people and the fifth Grand Mufti of Jerusalem .
Francisco León de la Barra y Quijano ( June 16 , 1863 -- September 23 , 1939 ) was a Mexican political figure and diplomat who served as interim President of Mexico from May 25 to November 6 , 1911 .
François Savary de Brèves ( 1560 - -1627 ) was a French ambassador of the 16th and 17th centuries as well as an Orientalist .
John Fane , 10th Earl of Westmorland KG PC ( 1 June 1759 -- 15 December 1841 ) , styled Lord Burghersh between 1771 and 1774 , was a British Tory politician of the late 18th and early 19th centuries , who served in most of the cabinets of the period , primarily as Lord Privy Seal .
Simon Ntamwana ( born 3 June 1946 ) has been the Roman Catholic archbishop of the Archdiocese of Gitega in Burundi since 1997 .
Gil Álvarez Carrillo de Albornoz ( Italian : Egidio Albornoz ) ( 1310 -- 23 August 1367 ) was a Spanish cardinal and ecclesiastical leader .
Sisto Riario Sforza ( 5 December 1810 -- 29 September 1877 ) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals .
Blessed Ciriaco María Sancha y Hervás ( 17 June 1833 -- 26 February 1909 ) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the Archbishop of Toledo in addition to being the Primate of Spain and the Patriarch of the West Indies .
James Francis McCarthy ( born July 9 , 1942 ) is a former American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who had served as Auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of New York starting in 1999 , resigning in 2002 .
Sebastiano Venier ( or Veniero ) ( c. 1496 -- 3 March 1578 ) was Doge of Venice from 11 June 1577 to 3 March 1578 .
Tukulti - Ninurta II was King of Assyria from 891 BC to 884 BC . He was the second king of the Neo Assyrian Empire .
Gretchen Whitmer ( born August 23 , 1971 ) is a former Democratic member of the Michigan Senate and Senate Democratic Leader .
Roger Allin ( December 18 , 1848 -- January 1 , 1936 ) was an American politician who was the fourth Governor of North Dakota from 1895 to 1897 , and the second Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 1891 to 1893 serving under Governor Andrew H. Burke .
The Rt Rev James Leslie Randall DD ( died 1922 ) was the inaugural Bishop of Reading from 1889 until 1908 .
Martin Truchseß von Wetzhausen zu Dachsbach ( c. 1435 -- 3 January 1489 ) was the 34th Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights , serving from 1477 - 1489 .
In the eyes of the Americans , Martin Schempp had such great human integrity and recognition that they appointed him the interim mayor of Kirchheim unter Teck after the war -- despite the formal `` burden '' of him being the head of a production facility for military products .
Karen Carter Peterson ( born November 1 , 1969 ) is a Democratic member of the Louisiana State Senate , having represented the 5th District since 2010 .
Saint Frederick of Hallum ( Frisian : Freark fan Hallum ) ( c. 1113 -- March 5 , 1175 ) was a Premonstratensian priest and regular canon , founder and first abbot of Mariengaarde Abbey in Friesland in the Netherlands .
Marco Girolamo Vida or Marcus Hieronymus Vida ( 1485 ? -- September 27 , 1566 ) was an Italian humanist , bishop and poet .
Sir Richard Dry , KCMG ( 20 September 1815 -- 1 August 1869 ) was an Australian politician , who was Premier of Tasmania from 24 November 1866 until 1 August 1869 when he died in office .
Sir Robert Eden , 1st Baronet , of Maryland , 23rd Proprietary Governor of Maryland ( c. 1741 -- 2 September 1784 ) was a British colonial official and the last Royal Governor of Maryland .
Jacques Lavoie ( 4 November 1936 -- 20 January 2000 ) was a Liberal then Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada .
Jeffrey B. Miller , AA , BS , MPA , was the former commissioner of the Pennsylvania State Police .
Monsignor Alojz Tkáč ( born March 2 , 1934 in Ohradzany , Slovakia ) was the first archbishop of the Košice Episcopal see ( 1995 to 2010 ) , nowadays archbishop emeritus .
Mary Liz Holberg ( born November 13 , 1959 ) is a Minnesota politician , member of the Dakota County , Minnesota Board of Commissioners , and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Alessandro Mancini ( born October 4 , 1975 ) was Captain Regent of San Marino for the six - months term from April 1 to October 1 , 2007 , together with Alessandro Rossi .
Judith of Brittany also called Judith of Rennes ( 982 - -1017 ) Duchess of Normandy from c. 1000 until her death .
Dom Ambrose Griffiths OSB KC*HS ( 4 December 1928 -- 14 June 2011 ) was a Benedictine abbot before becoming a Roman Catholic bishop in the Catholic Church in England and Wales .
Odo of Tournai , also known as Odoardus or Odo of Orléans ( 1060 - -1113 ) , was a Benedictine monk , scholar and bishop of Cambrai ( from 1105/6 ) .
Gregory So Kam - leung ( Chinese : 蘇錦樑 ) is the current Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development of Hong Kong .
Khafra ( also read as Khafre , Khefren and Chephren ) was an ancient Egyptian king ( pharaoh ) of 4th dynasty during the Old Kingdom .
Sir Lucas Dillon ( c.1530 - -1592 ; also called Luke Dillon ) was a leading Irish barrister and judge of the Elizabethan era who held the offices of Attorney General for Ireland and Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer .
Jacopo Piccolomini - Ammannati , or Giacomo Piccolomini ( 8 March 1422 -- 10 September 1479 ) was an Italian Renaissance cardinal and humanist .
Egon Hugenschmidt ( 24 June 1925 ; Lörrach - Stetten - 11 April 2010 ) was a German jurist and mayor of Lörrach , Baden - Württemberg ( 1960 - -1984 ) .
Fouad Mebazaa ( Arabic : فؤاد المبزع‎ Fuʾād el - Mbazaʿ ; born 15 June 1933 ) is a Tunisian politician who was President of Tunisia from 15 January 2011 to 13 December 2011 .
George Isaac Smith ( April 6 , 1909 -- December 19 , 1982 ) , usually referred to as G.I. Smith , was a Canadian lawyer and politician who served as the 18th Premier of Nova Scotia from 1967 to 1970 .
Giovanni Dolfin , also known as Giovanni Delfino or Delfin ( died July 12 , 1361 ) was the fifty - seventh Doge of Venice , appointed on August 13 , 1356 .
William Duhurst Merrick ( October 25 , 1793 -- February 5 , 1857 ) was a United States Senator from Maryland , serving from 1838 to 1845 .
Philip Greening ( February 24 , 1824 - ? ) was an American blacksmith , machinist and farmer from Lamartine , Wisconsin who spent a single one - year term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Fond du Lac County .
Jeremiah O'Neil ( January 13 , 1866 -- November 19 , 1947 ) was an American educator , newspaperman and judge from Wauzeka , Wisconsin who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Crawford County .
Jasper McLevy ( March 27 , 1878 - -November 20 , 1962 ) was an American politician who served as mayor of Bridgeport , Connecticut from 1933 - 1957 .
Jimmie Don Aycock ( born October 4 , 1946 ) is a semi - retired veterinarian , rancher , and businessman in Killeen who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives .
Hideo Den ( 田 英夫 Den Hideo , June 9 , 1923 - November 13 , 2009 ) was a Japanese news presenter , politician , and for 34 of the years between 1971 and 2007 , a member of the House of Councillors for the Social Democratic Party .
Charles David Curtis ( born 1939 ) is a British geologist who has served as President of the Geological Society of London from 1992 to 1994 .
Arnold of Lübeck ( died 1211 - -1214 ) was a Benedictine abbot , a chronicler , the author of the Chronica Slavorum and advocate of the papal cause in the Hohenstaufen conflict .
Pam Roth is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 75th district from 2001 until her resignation in August 2013 .
Richard Yung ( born 22 September 1947 in Amboise , Indre - et - Loire ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the constituency of French citizens living abroad .
Edward C. Scogin , known as Ed Scogin ( May 6 , 1921 -- July 10 , 1999 ) , was from 1972 - 1992 a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Slidell in St. Tammany Parish in suburban New Orleans , Louisiana , known as a fiscal watchdog over state government .
Mathias Chen Xilu ( 1928 -- January 16 , 2008 ) was a Chinese Roman Catholic bishop of Hengshui , Hebei .
Pietro Sforza Pallavicino ( or Pallavicini ) ( 28 November 1607 , Rome -- 5 June 1667 , Rome ) , was an Italian cardinal and historian , son of the Marquis Alessandro Pallavicino of Parma .
Andrea Cordero Lanza di Montezemolo ( born 27 August 1925 ) is an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic church .
Gaubald was also abbot - bishop or mitred abbot of St. Emmeram 's Abbey .
Thomas F. Yewcic was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , representing the 72nd District from 1993 until 2008 .
Arthur Thomas Stewart ( January 11 , 1892 -- October 10 , 1972 ) , more commonly known as Tom Stewart , was a Democratic United States Senator from Tennessee from 1939 to 1949 .
James Charles McDonald ( June 14 , 1840 -- December 1 , 1912 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop who served as fourth Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlottetown .
Philip Berruyer ( died 1260 of natural causes ) was bishop of Orléans in 1234 , and then archbishop of Bourges from 1236 until his death .
Hon . Donald Alexander Macdonald , P.C. , and Lieutenant - Governor of Ontario , 1875 - -80 , married Catherine Fraser , daughter of Colonel the Hon . Alexander Fraser , M.L.C. of Fraserfield .
Désiré Girouard ( July 7 , 1836 -- March 22 , 1911 ) was a Canadian lawyer , politician , and Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada .
Hancock Lee Jackson ( May 12 , 1796 -- March 19 , 1876 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the 13th Governor of Missouri in 1857 .
Saint Ciarán of Clonmacnoise ( c. 516 -- c. 544 ) , supposedly born Ciarán mac an tSaeir ( `` son of the carpenter '' ) ) , was one of the Twelve Apostles of Ireland and the first abbot of Clonmacnoise .
Leroy M. Zimmerman ( December 27 , 1932 -- December 6 , 2002 ) , is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Gail Riecken ( née Engel ) is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives , representing the 77th District since 2009 .
Oliver King ( c. 1432 -- 29 August 1503 ) was a Bishop of Exeter and Bishop of Bath and Wells who restored Bath Abbey after 1500 .
William Marmaduke Kavanaugh ( March 3 , 1866 -- February 21 , 1915 ) was a Democratic United States Senator from the State of Arkansas .
Jean Soanen ( 1647 - -1740 ) was a French Oratory and bishop of Senez .
Jabez Bunting Snowball ( 24 September 1837 -- 24 February 1907 ) was a businessman , the 11th Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick , Canada , and politician from the Town of Chatham , New Brunswick .
Hassan Rouhani ( Persian : حسن روحانی‎‎ , pronunciation ; born Hassan Fereydoun on 12 November 1948 ) is the seventh President of Iran , in office since 2013 .
Ahmad Fuad Mohieddin ( IPA : ( ˈæħmæd foˈʔæːd ˈmoħj edˈdiːn ) ; 1926 - 5 June 1984 in Cairo , Egypt ) was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 2 January 1982 to 5 June 1984 .
Richard Seeber ( born 15 January 1962 in Innsbruck ) is an Austrian politician ( Austrian People 's Party ÖVP ) and member of the European Parliament .
Gasparo Contarini ( 16 October 1483 -- 24 August 1542 ) was an Italian diplomat , cardinal and Bishop of Belluno .
Phil Barnhart ( born 1946 ) is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives , representing District 11 since 2003 and District 40 from 2001 to 2003 .
Bartholomew Remov ( born Nikolai Fedorovich Remov , October 3 , 1888 , Moscow , Russian Empire -- June 26 , 1935 , Butyrka Prison , Moscow , Soviet Union ) , was a Russian Orthodox bishop , representative to Metropolitan Peter , the locum tenens of the late Patriarch Tikhon .
Clyde Elmer Anderson ( March 16 , 1912 -- January 22 , 1998 ) , more commonly known as C. Elmer Anderson , was an American politician who served as the 28th Governor of Minnesota from September 27 , 1951 to January 5 , 1955 .
Francisco de Remolins ( 1462 - -1518 ) ( called the Cardinal of Sorrento and il cardinale Elvense ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Putta ( died c. 688 ) was a medieval Bishop of Rochester and probably the first Bishop of Hereford .
Johannes Bündgens ( born 2 April 1956 in Eschweiler ) is auxiliary bishop of Aachen .
Lázaro Pérez Jiménez ( September 9 , 1941 -- October 25 , 2009 ) was the Roman Catholic , Mexican bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Celaya .
Patrick J. Verschoore ( born November 30 , 1943 ) is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 72nd District since his appointment on March 29 , 2003 .
Saint Eucherius of Orléans ( Orléans , c. 687 - -February 20 , 743 AD ) , nephew of Suavaric , bishop of Auxerre , was Bishop of Orléans .
John Norquay ( May 8 , 1841 -- July 5 , 1889 ) was the Premier of Manitoba from 1878 to 1887 .
Pier Luigi Bersani ( Italian pronunciation : ( pjɛr luˈiːdʒi berˈsaːni ) ; born 29 September 1951 ) is an Italian politician and was Secretary of the Democratic Party ( DP ) , Italy 's leading centre - left party , from 2009 to 2013 .
Augustin Henninghaus SVD ( 11 September 1862 , Menden ( Sauerland ) , Province of Westphalia -- 20 July 1939 ) was a German Roman Catholic missionary and bishop in China .
Costantino Patrizi Naro JUD ( 4 September 1798 -- 17 December 1876 ) was a long - serving Italian Cardinal who became Dean of the College of Cardinals .
Giorgio Ferrini ( 18 August 1939 -- 8 November 1976 ) was an Italian football manager and former football player who played as a midfielder .
Paraskevas Antzas ( Greek : Παρασκευάς Άντζας , born 18 August 1977 ) is a former professional Greek football player ( central defender ) .
Carlos Humberto Paredes Monges ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkarlos umˈberto paˈɾeðes ˈmoŋɡes ) ; born 16 July 1976 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Olimpia Asunción .
Gerdo Hazelhekke ( born February 28 , 1950 in Utrecht ) is a retired football player who played as a forward during his professional football career .
Filipe Augusto Carvalho Souza ( born 12 August 1993 ) , commonly known as Filipe Augusto or simply Filipe , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for S.C. Braga on loan from Rio Ave , as a defensive midfielder .
Abiodun Baruwa ( born 16 November 1974 in Abuja ) is a former Nigerian footballer in goalkeeper role .
Lasse Sørensen ( born 6 March 1982 ) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper , who currently plays for BK Frem in the Danish Second Division .
Carlos Adriano de Souza Vieira or simply Adriano Gabiru ( born August 11 , 1977 in Maceió ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder currently playing for Guarany .
Draško Albijanić ( born December 14 , 1986 ) is a Bosnian professional basketball center played for KK Sutjeska of the Montenegrin Basketball League .
Rob Marinaro ( born November 6 , 1969 in Toronto , Canada ) is a retired Canadian soccer goalkeeper who currently coaches the Kent State University women 's soccer team .
Edward Brueton ( 1871 -- after 1893 ) was an English footballer born in Penn , Staffordshire , who played in the Football League as a goalkeeper for Small Heath .
Colin McLocklan is a retired Professional English Association football forward who played two seasons in the North American Soccer League and at least one in the American Soccer League .
Frédéric Cassivi ( born June 12 , 1975 in Sorel - Tracy , Quebec ) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender who is currently a Free Agent .
Maor Melikson ( Hebrew : מאור מליקסון‎ ; born 30 October 1984 in Yavne ) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hapoel Be'er Sheva and the Israel national football team .
Mark Peers ( born 14 May 1984 in St Helens ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Canterbury United FC as a wide - midfielder / winger .
Enver Marić ( born April 25 1948 ) is a Bosnian former football goalkeeper and a goalkeeper coach .
Craig Skinner ( born 21 October 1970 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League .
Alice Parisi is an Italian football midfielder , currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Italy 's Serie A. She previously played for ACF Trento and ASD Bardolino .
Claudio Martín Cabrera ( born 8 August 1979 in Río Cuarto , Córdoba ) is an Argentine football winger currently playing for Atenas de Río Cuarto .
Jani Tanska ( born 29 July 1988 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Assyriska FF and is a product of MyPa youth academy .
Henry van der Vegt ( born 18 February 1972 ) is a Dutch retired footballer who played primarily as a midfielder .
Vladimir Mudrinić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимир Мудринић ; born 26 July 1976 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Zlatibor Čajetina in the Drina Zone League , mainly as an attacking midfielder .
Frode Lafton ( born 3 March 1976 ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a defender for Hønefoss throughout his career .
Gilles Gilbert ( born March 31 , 1949 in Saint - Esprit , Quebec ) is a retired former ice hockey goaltender who was drafted in the third round of the 1969 NHL Amateur Draft from the London Knights .
Marko Ilić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mapкo Илић , born 9 May 1985 in Belgrade , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder for FK Srem .
Dick Parker was an English professional football centre forward who made over 200 appearances in the Football League .
Žarko Serafimovski ( Macedonian : Жарко Серафимовски ) ( born 13 February 1971 , in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former football midfielder from the present - day Republic of Macedonia .
Nderim Nexhipi ( Macedonian : Ндерим Неџипи , born 22 May 1984 ) is a Macedonian football of Albanian ethnicity who plays for Shkëndija in the Macedonian First Football League as a attacking midfielder .
Kevin Trapp ( born 8 July 1990 ) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Paris Saint - Germain in Ligue 1 , as well as the German National Team
Mark Kerlin ( born February 1 , 1962 ) is a retired U.S. soccer forward who spent most of his career in indoor leagues .
Igor Božić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Божић , Slovenian : Igor Božič , born 14 July 1987 ) is a Bosnian Serb professional football goalkeeper playing with FK Proleter Teslić in the First League of the Republika Srpska .
Chris Erskine ( born 8 February 1987 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership as a midfielder .
Aleksander Mysiak ( 1908 - -1991 ) was a Polish football player , a midfielder , who in the late 1920s and early 1930s represented both Cracovia and the Polish National Team .
Andriy Bandrivskyi ( Ukrainian : Андрій Бандрівський ; born 9 March 1985 ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Enerhetyk Burshtyn in the Ukrainian First League .
Binho ( b. Fábio Eduardo Cribari 13 February 1975 in Cambará , Paraná ) is a Brazilian football defender .
Stephen Broad ( born 10 June 1980 ) is an English footballer , who played as a defender in the Football League for Southend United .
Nicolas Besch ( born October 25 , 1984 ) is a professional French ice hockey defenceman of Polish descent who currently plays for Boxers de Bordeaux of the Ligue Magnus .
Moacir Fernandes , commonly known by the nickname Cafuringa ( November 10 , 1948 -- July 25 , 1991 ) , was a Brazilian professional football right winger , who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs .
Radu Rebeja ( born 8 June 1973 in Chişinău ) is a retired Moldovan football ( soccer ) defensive midfielder or centre - back .
Otávio Edmilson da Silva Monteiro ( born 9 February 1995 ) , commonly known as Otávio , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a attacking midfielder for Vitória Guimarães on loan from FC Porto .
Davide Di Gennaro ( born 16 June 1988 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Serie B club Cagliari .
Rúben Micael Freitas da Ressureição ( born 19 August 1986 ) , known as Micael , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Chinese club Shijiazhuang Ever Bright F.C. as a midfielder .
Antonino Bernardini ( born 21 June 1974 ) is an Italian football manager and former footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Victor Gerley is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who earned six caps with the U.S. national team between 1965 and 1968 .
Karl Svensson ( Swedish pronunciation : ( kaːɭ ˈsvɛnsɔn ) ; born 21 March 1984 in Jönköping ) is a Swedish football defender .
Tommy Sinclair was an English professional football winger who played in the Football League for Aldershot , Bolton Wanderers , Bradford City and Brentford .
Zsolt Hornyák ( born 1 May 1973 ) is a former Slovak football defender and manager of Hungarian descent , who had last managed the Armenian Premier Leaguen division team FC Banants .
Hamad Ndikumana ( born October 5 , 1978 in Kigali , Rwanda ) also known as Kataut by the Rwandan fans , is a Rwandan football defender who recently relesead from APOP Kinyras Peyias FC in Cyprus .
Kelly Rosen ( born 23 November 1995 ) is an Estonian women 's association football , who plays as a midfielder for Naiste Meistriliiga club Flora Tallinn and the Estonia women 's national football team .
El Mehdi Sidqy ( born 6 January 1984 in Mohammédia ) is a Moroccan footballer who plays left footed side back defender for Chiangmai club in Thai Division 1 League .
Jewel Raja Shaikh ( born 19 January 1990 in Budge Budge ) is an Indian professional football player who plays for Atletico de Kolkata in the Indian Super League as a central midfielder .
Byron Brad McCrimmon ( March 29 , 1959 -- September 7 , 2011 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach .
Serkan Kırıntılı ( born 15 February 1985 ) is a Turkish football goalkeeper who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Konyaspor .
Pedro Miguel Martins Santos ( born 22 April 1988 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.C. Braga as a left winger .
Ouk Mic ( born 1 January 1980 in Cambodia ) is a retired Cambodian footballer who plays for home country club Preah Khan Reach in Metfone C - League as a goalkeeper .
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa ( born 29 December 1980 in Limeira ) is a professional Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder .
Paolo Seppani ( born 18 August 1986 in Giuliano di Roma , Frosinone ) is an Italian football ( soccer ) defender .
Luís Filipe Gomes Almeida ( born 12 January 1991 in Lisbon ) , known as Kikas , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Recreativo de Huelva on loan from Sporting Clube de Portugal as a defensive midfielder .
Márton Fülöp ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmaːrton ˈfyløp ) ; 3 May 1983 -- 12 November 2015 ) was a Hungarian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Sean McMahon ( born 18 June 1994 ) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a flanker for the Melbourne Rebels in Super Rugby .
Simone Tiribocchi ( born 31 January 1978 ) is a former Italian footballer who played as a forward .
Márcio Borges ( born on 20 January 1973 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a retired Brazilian football defender .
Markus Kiesenebner ( born 21 April 1979 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder .
Zaur Hashimov ( Azerbaijani : Zaur Həşimov ; born 25 August 1981 ) is a football defender from Azerbaijan .
Sérgio Soares da Silva ( born 11 January 1967 ) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and the current coach of Bahia .
Martin Seanan Clucas is a Northern Irish footballer who plays as a midfielder and is currently a free agent after leaving Derry City
Vladyslav Pavlenko ( Ukrainian : Владислав Віталійович Павленко ; born 5 April 1994 in Nikopol , Dnipropetrovsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Belarusian Premier League club Vitebsk .
Diogo Rodrigues Siston , or simply Siston ( born January 25 , 1981 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian - Portuguese football midfielder who currently plays for Olaria Atlético Clube .
Mehdi Mehdipour ( Persian : مهدی مهدی‌پور‎‎ ) ; is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Zob Ahan in Iran Pro League .
Erotokritos Damarlis ( Greek : Ερωτόκριτος Νταμαρλής ; born on 13 May 1992 in Thessaloniki , Greece ) , is a midfielder currently playing in the Football League for Agrotikos Asteras .
Alex Oriakhi , Jr. ( pronounced Or - e - ah - ki ; born June 21 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Orlandina Basket of the Italian Serie A. He was the starting center for the Connecticut Huskies ' 2010 - -11 NCAA championship team .
Mikael Gerdén ( born 1 October 1976 , in Stockholm ) is a retired professional Swedish ice hockey goaltender .
Andriy Hrinchenko ( Ukrainian : Андрій Гринченко ; born 23 January 1986 ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Mohsen Hamidi ( Persian : محسن حمیدی‎‎ , born September 30 , 1985 ) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Persian Gulf Pro League .
Zhou Yajun ( Chinese : 周亚君 ) ( born October 17 , 1984 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese association football goalkeeper .
Jorge Roldán Popol ( born 16 January 1940 ) , known popularly as El Grillo ( `` cricket '' ) is a Guatemalan football coach and former midfielder .
Andrey Akopyants ( born 27 August 1977 ) is an Uzbekistani football midfielder of Armenian descent .
Arnold Scholten ( born December 5 , 1962 in Den Bosch , North Brabant ) is a retired football midfielder from the Netherlands .
Martín Galmarini ( born February 28 , 1982 ) is an Argentine football midfielder .
Kolja Afriyie ( born 6 April 1982 ) is a German former professional football defender ( full back ) .
José Ignacio López Sanjuán ( born 1 April 1940 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender , and a current coach .
Joško Hajder ( born 15 January 1994 in Split , Croatia ) is a Croatian football midfielder / forward , currently a free agent .
Colin Corbishley ( born 13 June 1939 ) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder for Port Vale , Chester , Stafford Rangers , and Prescot Town .
Branko Kralj ( 10 March 1924 -- 18 December 2012 ) was a Croatian footballer who played as goalkeeper .
Fanndís Friðriksdóttir ( born 9 May 1990 ) is an Icelandic football player who plays as a midfielder .
Daniel Agyei ( also spelled Adjei ; born 10 November 1989 in Dansoman ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer , who currently plays for South African Premier Division club Free State Stars and the Ghana national team , as a goalkeeper .
Lynda Shepherd ( born 5 May 1985 ) is a football midfielder who plays for FA Women 's Premier League club Manchester City Ladies .
André Renato Antoniassi , usually known as André Zuba ( born 23 June 1986 in Mirassol , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian football player at the position of goalkeeper .
Petr Tatíček ( born September 22 , 1983 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing for ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Steven Hetherington ( born 9 March 1993 in Hartlepool , England ) is a Scottish - English professional footballer playing as a central midfielder or defensive midfielder for Alloa Athletic .
Jasmin Handanović ( born 28 January 1978 in Ljubljana ) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga .
Vicente Figueroa is a Mexican football midfielder who spent three seasons in Major League Soccer .
Volodymyr Kornutyak ( Ukrainian : Володимир Петрович Корнутяк ; born 24 July 1983 in Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for Zakarpattia in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Javier Arnaldo Portillo Martínez ( born 10 June 1981 in Morolica , Choluteca , Honduras ) is a Honduran football player who currently as a left midfielder for Liga Nacional de Honduras club Olimpia and the Honduran national team .
Éric Mura ( born January 23 , 1963 in Saint - Cyr - l'École ) is a retired French football defender .
Stephen Tetteh ( born April 11 , 1982 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian football ( soccer ) defender , not to be confused with midfielder Stephen Caesar Tetteh ( born May 14 , 1995 in Accra ) , is a former player of Hearts of Oak .
Twan Smits ( born 20 December 1985 in Weurt ) is a footballer who plays as an defensive midfielder for De Treffers in the Dutch Topklasse .
Osama Hawsawi ( Arabic : أسامة هوساوي‎ , born 31 March 1984 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who currently plays as a central defender for Al - Ahli and the Saudi Arabia national team .
Marko Mitrušić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марко Митрушић ; born 16 December 1991 ) is a Bosnian Serb football defender who plays for Donji Srem .
Ambroise Begue ( born 22 May 1995 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Home United .
Samuel Roy Burmister ( August 12 , 1905 -- January 19 , 1980 ) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger .
Mohd Sabre Mat Abu ( born 8 August 1987 , in Parit Buntar , Perak ) , is a Malaysian footballer who currently playing for PDRM FA as defender and midfielder .
Bernard Edward ( born 4 November 1990 ) is an international soccer player from Saint Lucia , who plays as a defender .
Eliézio Santos Santana or simply Eliézio ( born March 31 , 1987 in Salvador , Bahia ) is a Brazilian central defender .
Sokol Cikalleshi ( Albanian pronunciation : ( ' sɔkɔl ' tsikaɫɛʃi ) ; born 27 July 1990 in Kavajë ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as forward for Turkish Süper Lig club Istanbul Basaksehir and the Albania national team .
Reuben Ayarna , ( born 22 October 1985 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Eduin Ujka ( born 10 April 1995 in Laç ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Tërbuni Pukë , on loan from Laçi , in the Albanian Superliga .
Miguel de Jesús Fuentes Razo ( born September 29 , 1971 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) is a retired professional footballer from Mexico , who played as a goalkeeper during his career .
Kyrylo Demidov ( Ukrainian : Кирило Олександрович Демідов ; born 18 August 1996 in Ukraine ) is an Ukrainian football midfielder .
John - Paul Duarte ( born 13 December 1986 ) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 and the Gibraltar national team , where he plays as a forward .
Gideão Lima de Castro ( born 19 December 1987 ) , simply known as Gideão is a Brazilian professional footballer playing for Boavista as a goalkeeper .
Bruno Fontes da Mota ( born 24 October 1987 ) is a Swiss football ( soccer ) midfielder , he plays for Swiss Challenge League team FC Le Mont.
Leroy Franks is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who earned one cap with the U.S. national team in 1957 .
Max Porter ( born 29 June 1987 ) is an English semi - professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for National League club Bromley .
Manuel Rui Marques ( born 3 September 1977 ) is a retired Angolan football defender who was a first choice centre - back for the Angolan national side .
Agyei William Kwabena `` Will '' Antwi ( born 19 October 1982 ) , known as Will Antwi , is an English - born Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a defender .
Hugh Sproat ( born 16 November 1952 in Ayr ) is a former Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Raimonds Laizāns ( born 5 August 1964 in Riga ) is a former Latvian football goalkeeper who played for Latvia national football team in the 1990s .
Antonis Papasavvas ( Greek : Αντώνης Παπασάββας , born 20 March 1995 ) is a Greek footballer who last played for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos , as a midfielder .
Rahmanberdi Alyhanow ( 19 January 1986 -- 28 January 2014 ) was a Turkmen footballer , who played a goalkeeper for FC HTTU , Altyn Asyr FK and Turkmenistan national football team .
Željko Brkić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жељко Бркић , born 9 July 1986 ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Carpi on loan from Udinese .
Makazole Mapimpi ( born 26 July 1990 in Mdantsane , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player who currently plays as a winger or a centre with the Border Bulldogs .
Aleksandar Dubljević ( Cyrillic : Aлeкcaндap Дубљeвић , born 9 March 1985 ) is a Montenegrin football defender who plays for FK Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje .
Sérgio Manoel Júnior , commonly known simply as Sérgio Manoel ( born March 2 , 1972 ) , was a professional association football attacking midfielder , who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs , and the Brazilian national team .
Liam Jacob ( born 18 August 1994 ) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Lydia Miraoui is an Algerian football midfielder who plays for ASE Alger Centre .
Antonio Gonzales ( born 16 May 1986 ) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays for Universitario de Deportes in the Torneo Descentralizado , as a defensive midfielder .
Diogo Jefferson Mendes de Melo commonly known as Diogo Melo ( born 18 April 1984 in Uniao dos Palmares ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Olhanense in the Segunda Liga .
Daniel Bernhardsson ( born 31 January 1978 in Årsunda ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Gefle IF in Allsvenskan as a defender .
Baha ' Faisal Abu Seif ( born in 1995 ) is a Jordanian football player , of Palestinian descent , who is a forward for Al - Wahdat SC and Jordan U-19 .
Teddy Richert ( born 21 September 1974 in Avignon ) is a former French football goalkeeper , that spent the most of his career in Sochaux - Montbéliard .
Kristin Demann is a German football defender , currently playing for TSG Hoffenheim .
Thomaz Soares da Silva , also known as Zizinho ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ziˈzĩɲu ) ; born October 14 , 1921 -- died February 8 , 2002 ) , was a Brazilian football player , who played as an attacking midfielder or Inside forward for Brazil 's national team .
Lesly de Sa ( born 2 April 1993 ) is a Dutch professional football player of Angolan descent , who plays as a right winger for Willem II , on loan from Ajax , in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Maksim Zhalmagambetov ( Russian : Максим Жалмағамбетов ) is a Kazakh football defender .
Robbie Henderson ( born 11 October 1982 ) is a Scottish footballer , who plays as a defender for Pollok F.C. in the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
Pedro Iarley Lima Dantas or simply Iarley ( born March 29 , 1974 in Quixeramobim , Brazil ) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder .
Raffaele Chiarelli ( born 23 March 1990 ) is a Belgian football midfielder who last played for RUS Rebecquoise in Belgium .
Gonzalo Garavano ( born 26 November 1982 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football forward who plays for Sarmiento de Resistencia .
Nir Davidovich ( Hebrew : ניר דוידוביץ'‎ ; also spelled Davidovitch ; born 17 December 1976 ) is a former Israeli goalkeeper who played for Maccabi Haifa football club and the Israeli national team .
José Eduardo da Silva Barbosa Alves ( born 24 March 1981 in Vila Nova de Famalicão , Braga District ) , known as José Eduardo , is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Sam Nusum ( born 3 October 1943 ) is a retired soccer player from Bermuda who played at both professional and international levels as a goalkeeper .
Jamal Sutton ( born March 22 , 1982 ) was an American soccer forward who played professionally in Major League Soccer and the USL First Division .
Alberto Orlando ( born 27 September 1938 ) is an Italian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder or as a forward .
Pierre Phelipon ( born 5 February 1935 ) is a former French football defender who played for RC Paris , Stade Français , Grenoble , Rouen , Angoulême , Stade Saint - Germain and Paris SG .
Dean Snedker ( born 17 November 1994 ) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Kidderminster Harriers .
Dominique Bijotat ( born 3 January 1961 in Chassignoles , Indre ) is a former professional French football midfielder from France , who obtained eight international caps ( no goals ) for the French national team during the 1980s .
Jamuovandu Ngatjizeko ( born December 28 , 1984 in Omaruru ) is a Namibian football midfielder currently playing for African Stars .
Antonín Kinský ( born 31 May 1975 ) is a Czech former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Alexander McLardy ( 1867 - -1913 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Radislav Dragićević ( Cyrillic : Paдиcлaв Дpaгићeвић , born 13 September 1971 in Titograd , current Podgorica ) is a former Montenegrin football midfielder .
Roberto Chery ( February 16 , 1896 in Montevideo , Uruguay -- May 30 , 1919 in Rio de Janeiro , Brasil ) was a Uruguayan football goalkeeper who played during the days of amateur sport in the Uruguayan Primera División ( 1900 - -1931 ) .
Darko Božović ( Cyrillic : Дарко Божовић ; born 9 August 1978 ) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Sadio Sow ( born March 13 , 1976 ) is a Senegalese association football player who currently plays as a winger for Cherbourg .
Félix Asdrúbal Padrón Hernández ( born 13 March 1991 ) , simply known as Asdrúbal , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Leganés on loan from UD Las Palmas as a winger or forward .
Gregor Zabret ( born 18 August 1995 ) is a Slovenian football goalkeeper , who plays for Barclays Premier League side Swansea City .
Xhino Sejdo ( born 30 April 1991 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Kamza .
Ásgeir Börkur Ásgeirsson ( born 16 April 1987 ) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a midfielder for GAIS in the Swedish Superettan .
Marco Turati ( born 15 May 1982 in Lecco ) is an Italian football ( soccer ) defender .
Juan Revi Auriqto is an Indonesian footballer of Chinese Indonesians descent who currently plays for Arema Cronus in the Indonesia Super League as a midfielder .
Arūnas Šuika ( born 16 May 1970 ) is a former Lithuanian international footballer and now coach that played as midfielder .
Igor Stefanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Стефановић ; born 17 July 1987 ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Portuguese club Moreirense F.C ..
Jack Prince ( 6 June 1906 -- 13 October 1971 ) was an English football goalkeeper who played for Nantwich , Oldham Athletic , Port Vale , Rochdale , Wrexham , Shrewsbury Town , Northwich Victoria , and Crewe Alexandra .
Leonardo Augusto Bonifácio ( born 14 January 1983 in Foz do Iguaçu , Paraná ) , commonly known as Léo Bonfim , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for S.C. Salgueiros 08 in Portugal as a central defender .
Salvador Funet Sardina ( born 2 June 1981 in Madrid ) , commonly known as Salva , is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a central defender .
Alisha Bass is an Australian association football midfielder .
Andrei Cojocari ( born 21 January 1987 ) is a Moldovan football player for Milsami Orhei and the Moldova national team as a midfielder .
Nicholas La Monaca ( born December 19 , 1992 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a former Italian - Canadian footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Miguel Ramírez Pérez ( born 11 June 1970 ) , nicknamed `` Cheíto '' , is a retired Chilean football defender .
Dalibor Filipović ( born 28 September 1974 ) is a former Croatian football forward , who also played for several Croatian and Slovenian football clubs .
Deyan Borisov ( Bulgarian : Деян Борисов ; born 1 March 1989 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Botev Vratsa .
Kostas Mendrinos ( Greek : Κώστας Μενδρινός , born 28 May 1985 ) is a Greek football player currently playing as a midfielder for Platanias in the Greek Superleague .
Robert Betts , ( born 21 December 1981 in Doncaster ) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder currently playing non - league football .
Juma Rashed ( 12 December 1972 ) is an Emirati football goalkeeper who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup .
Jozef Štafura ( born 11 September 1948 in Pavlovce nad Uhom , Czechoslovakia ) is a former Slovak football midfielder who played for Strážske and mostly for VSS Košice ( 1969 - -80 ) .
Aung Thike ( Burmese : အောင်သိုက် ; also spelled Aung Thaik ; born 5 April 1988 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a defender for the Myanmar national football team and Yangon United . He is two - time Myanmar National League winner with his club , Yangon United .
Anderson Aparecido Salles ( born 16 February 1988 in Araçariguama , São Paulo ) , known as Anderson Salles , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Vasco da Gama .
Benny Gall ( born March 14 , 1971 ) is a Danish former football goalkeeper and currently the manager of Danish 2nd Division club BK Avarta .
Armen Babalaryan ( Russian : Армен Бабаларян ; born 15 August 1971 ) is an Armenian football midfielder .
Rade Krunić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Раде Крунић ; born 7 October 1993 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club club Empoli and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
Ablie Jagne ( died 23 December 2015 ) was a Gambian footballer who played for Real de Banjul and the national team , as a defender .
Florian Jarjat is a French football player ( born 18 February 1980 in Valence , Drôme ) , he currently plays for Troyes AC as a left defender .
Florian Pinteaux ( born 2 April 1992 in Creil ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Châteauroux as a defender .
Spencer Carbery ( born November 9 , 1981 in Victoria , British Columbia ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who is currently the head coach for the South Carolina Stingrays of the ECHL .
Éric Messier ( born October 29 , 1973 ) is a Canadian former defenceman in the National Hockey League .
Fábio Bittencourt da Costa ( born May 16 , 1977 in Duque de Caxias ) , best known simply as Fábio Costa , is a Brazilian football midfielder .
Siniša Končalović ( born 24 October 1966 ) is a Croatian retired footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Yugoslavia , Spain , Greece , Portugal , Austria and Belgium .
Tin Win Aung ( born 14 April 1992 ) is a Burmese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Hudson Lima Da Silva ( born 8 April 1984 in Pernambuco ) is a Brazilian football player who plays as a midfielder for Bhawanipore in the I - League 2nd Division .
Thiago Galhardo do Nascimento Rocha or simply Thiago Galhardo ( born 20 July 1989 in São João del - Rei ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Coritiba as an attacking midfielder .
Peter Duerden ( born June 5 , 1945 in Burnley ) is a retired English - Canadian association football defender who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Hans á Lag ( born 26 September 1974 ) is a Faroese football player , a defender , a former badminton player and a former handball player , goal keeper .
Harry McNaughton ( born 6 April 1894 , date of death unknown ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Kristian Flittie Onstad ( born 9 May 1984 ) is a Norwegian professional footballer defender who plays for Moss .
Sacha Opinel ( born 9 April 1977 ) is a French professional footballer who was last attached to Harlow Town and played as a defender .
Ľubomír Višňovský ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈʎubɔˌmiːr ˈviʃɲɔu̯ˌskiː ) ; born August 11 , 1976 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman .
Othusitse Pilane ( born 26 February 1984 ) is a Botswana footballer , who currently plays for Mochudi Centre Chiefs and Botswana national football team at 2012 Africa Cup of Nations as a midfielder .
Alex Carrie was a Scottish soccer center forward who played professionally in both Scotland and the United States during the early twentieth century .
Sedat Yeşilkaya ( born 10 June 1980 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Konya Şekerspor in the TFF Second League .
Dia Saba ( Arabic : ضياء سبع‎ , Hebrew : דיא סבע‎ ; born November 18 , 1992 ) , is an Arab - Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Israeli Premier League club Maccabi Netanya .
Linval Dixon ( born 14 September 1971 in Old Harbour Bay , Saint Catherine , Jamaica ) is a retired Jamaican football defender and currently head coach at Portmore United .
Nikon El Maestro ( born Nikon Jevtić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никон Јевтић ) ; 3 June 1993 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian - English football midfielder , currently playing for FK Hollabrunn in the Austrian Gebiets Liga . Nikon was regarded as one of the best and most talented players in youth football .
Lars Winde ( born 3 December 1975 ) is a retired Danish professional football goalkeeper , who last played for Esbjerg fB , where he is now working as the goalkeeper coach .
Laura Neboli ( born 14 March 1988 ) is an Italian football defender who plays for MSV Duisburg of the German Bundesliga .
Ronni Hansen ( born 30 June 1988 ) is a Danish professional football midfielder .
Esmond Million is a former football goalkeeper .
Marcel Sobottka ( born 25 April 1994 ) is a German footballer who plays as a defender or defensive midfielder for Fortuna Düsseldorf in the 2 .
Jonatas Figueira Fernandes , commonly known as Jô ( born 16 January 1992 ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São Caetano as a forward .
Adán Godoy Rubina ( born 26 November 1936 ) is a Chilean football goalkeeper who played for Chile in the 1962 and 1966 FIFA World Cups .
Jean - Jacques Gosso Gosso ( born 15 March 1983 in Abidjan ) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a midfielder and he is currently playing for Turkish side Göztepe .
Carlos Rodas is a Colombian football forward .
Diego Antonio Reyes Rosales ( born 19 September 1992 ) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Spanish club Real Sociedad , on loan from Porto , and the Mexico national team .
Juan Francisco Ferreri Samuel ( born 30 July 1970 in Florida ) commonly known as Juan Ferreri , is a former Uruguayan footballer who used to play as a midfielder and now is assistant coach of Jorge Giordano in Racing .
Savvas Constantinou ( born August 28 , 1971 ) is a former international Cypriot football goalkeeper .
Dmytro Nepohodov ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Михайлович Непогодов ; born 17 February 1988 in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present - day Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper .
Zapryan Zapryanov ( Bulgarian : Запрян Запрянов ; born 15 June 1994 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Maritsa Plovdiv as a midfielder .
Ranko Zirojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ранко Зиројевић ; born 1 September 1967 ) is a former Montenegrin footballer who played as a midfielder .
Kuzman Sotirovski changed in Kuzman Sotirović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Kузман Coтировић , born 16 October 1908 ; died 25 July 1990 ) was a Macedonian born Serbian and Yugoslav football forward .
Jens Jeremies ( born 5 March 1974 ) is a retired German footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Nilo Murtinho Braga , best known as Nilo ( April 3 , 1903 -- February 7 , 1975 ) was an association footballer in forward striker role .
Yves Vanderhaeghe ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈi fɑn.dɛr.ˈɦaːʝə ) ; born 30 January 1970 in Roeselaere ) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , and the current manager of K.V. Oostende .
Keith Skillen ( 26 May 1948 -- 7 August 2013 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward .
John Goudie ( 5 July 1857 -- 23 April 1921 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a centre forward .
Óscar Arpón Ochoa ( born 9 April 1975 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder , and the current manager of CA River Ebro .
Jean Francisco Rodrigues ( born 28 November 1977 ) , commonly known as Jean Paulista , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward or an attacking midfielder .
Jakub Jakubov ( born 1 February 1989 ) is a Slovak - Czech football goalkeeper who currently plays for Budissa Bautzen .
Vladan Milosavljev ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владан Милосављев ; born 1 February 1987 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who currently plays for FK Borac Banja Luka in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Petar Radenković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пeтap Paдeнкoвић ; born 1 October 1934 ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who played for SFR Yugoslavia .
Ermal Tahiri ( born 27 April 1969 ) was an Albanian international footballer who played as a midfielder for a number of clubs in Albania and Greece .
Mischell Miljević - Sachpekidis ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мишел Миљевић-Схпекидис ; born 30 October 1989 ) is a Swedish Serb football midfielder who plays for Radnik Surdulica in Serbian First League .
Sébastien Bruno ( born 26 August 1974 in Nîmes , France ) is a French rugby union footballer who plays as a hooker for Toulon and formerly for France .
Gordon West ( 24 April 1943 -- 10 June 2012 ) was an English professional football goalkeeper .
Angelos Digozis ( Greek : Άγγελος Διγκόζης ; born 19 March 1974 ) is a retired Greek footballer and currently a manager , who played mainly as a defensive midfielder .
Walter McFadden , Jr. ( born January 21 , 1987 ) is a former American football cornerback .
Guillermo Rafael de Amores Ravelo ( born October 19 , 1994 in San Jacinto ) , commonly known as Guillermo de Amores , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liverpool in the Uruguayan Primera División .
Rachel Alonso ( born 14 January 1994 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) forward who plays for Bundoora United FC in the Victorian Women 's Premier League .
Gregg Naumenko ( born March 30 , 1977 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender .
Nur Nurhan Çakmak , aka Nurhan Çakmak , ( born June 3 , 1981 ) is a Turkish women 's football forward currently playing in the Second League for Kireçburnu with jersey number 20 .
Hamza Aït Ouamar ( Arabic : حمزة ايت وعمر‎ ) ( born December 6 , 1986 in Algiers ) is an Algerian football midfielder who currently plays for USM El Harrach in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Terry Springthorpe ( December 4 , 1923 in Draycott , England -- July 25 , 2006 ) was an English - American football ( soccer ) defender .
Dejan Dražić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дејан Дражић ; born 26 September 1995 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a left winger for Spanish club Celta de Vigo .
Rocky Dundas ( born January 30 , 1967 in Regina , Saskatchewan ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey right winger .
Dušan Kuciak ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈduʃan ˈkutsiak ) ; born 21 May 1985 ) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Hull City and the Slovakia national team .
Ella Masar McLeod ( born April 3 , 1986 ) is an American - Canadian soccer forward and full - back for FC Rosengård in Sweden .
Natalia Shlyapina , born Mokshanova , is a Russian football forward , currently playing for Rossiyanka in the Russian Championship .
Stelian Isac ( born 5 May 1984 in Panciu ) is a Romanian football ( soccer ) defender , currently playing for Voinţa Crevedia in Liga 4 Ilfov .
Børre Steenslid ( born 25 May 1985 ) is a Norwegian former footballer , who played as a defender for Sogndal , Viking and Molde .
Rafał Murawski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈrafaw muˈrafskʲi ) , born 9 October 1981 in Malbork ) , is a Polish football midfielder who is currently playing for Pogoń Szczecin .
David Sturrock ( born in Dundee ) is a former footballer who played as a forward in the Scottish Football League and The Football League in the 1950s and 1960s .
Leandro Castán da Silva ( born 5 November 1986 ) is a Brazilian international footballer who plays for Italian club Roma as a centre back .
Marijan Urtić ( born 16 January 1991 in SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Swiss Challenge League side Wohlen .
Marek Sadowski is a retired Polish association football defender who played professionally in Poland , Finland and the United States
Lazar Cvetković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лазар Цветковић ; born 13 October 1995 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Tabane Trgovački , on loan from Jagodina .
Giovanni Dekeyser ( born 10 December 1976 in Bruges ) is a Belgian football midfielder who currently plays for East Flanders lower league side K.F.C. Eeklo .
Jim Sharkey ( 12 February 1934 -- 19 October 2014 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a forward .
Abdullah Farouk ( Arabic : عبدالله فاروق‎ ) ( born on 19 August 1986 in Egypt ) is an Egyptian football midfielder who plays for Egyptian Premier League club Al - Ahly
Christer Lipovac ( born 7 March 1996 ) is a Swedish footballer , of Croatian descent , who plays for Karlslunds IF as a forward .
Rudolph Pearce ( born 18 December 1945 ) is a Jamaican footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a defender .
Félix Pie Dofen ( /ˈpiːeɪ/ PEE - ay ; born February 8 , 1985 ) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder who is currently a free agent .
Hugo Emilio Mora López ( born March 7 , 1978 ) simply known as Emilio Mora is a former Mexican footballer who played as a forward .
Alan Beer ( born 11 March 1950 ) is a Welsh - born former footballer who played as a forward in the Football League during the 1970s , most notably with Exeter City .
Robert Smyth McColl ( 13 April 1876 -- 1959 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a centre forward .
Domenico Doardo ( born 3 July 1974 ) is an Italian former professional footballer and current goalkeeper coach of Premier League side Sunderland A.F.C ..
Artur Yuspashyan ( Armenian : Արթուր Յուսպաշյան ; born 7 September 1989 ) is an Armenian professional football defender , currently with Armenian Premier League club Pyunik .
Ronny Keller ( born 6 October 1979 ) is a former ice hockey defenceman .
Isa Demir ( born 10 August 1985 ) is a Swedish - Assyrian footballer who plays as a defender .
Rafael García Cortés ( born 18 January 1958 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender .
Jean Efala Komguep ( born 11 August 1992 in Nkon ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Coton Sport F.C. and has represented the national team at U-20 and senior levels .
Connor McDonald ( born 15 April 1994 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , currently playing as a left back or midfielder for Livingston in the Scottish Championship .
Baruc Nsue Burcet ( born 2 November 1984 ) , simply known as Baruc , is an Equatoguinean football midfielder , who plays for UE Tona in the Spanish Primera Catalana .
Richard Knopper ( born 29 August 1977 ) is a Dutch former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Ihor Berezovskyi ( Ukrainian : Ігор Олегович Березовський ; born 24 August 1990 in Kirovohrad ) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper currently playing for Belgium club Sint - Truiden in the Belgian Second Division , on loan from Lierse in the Jupiler Pro League .
Francisco García Gómez ( born 14 February 1938 in Oviedo , Asturias ) , commonly known as Paquito , is a Spanish retired football midfielder and manager .
Kristiyan Petkov ( Bulgarian : Кристиян Петков ; born 19 August 1994 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Dobrudzha Dobrich .
Renato Jurčec ( born 4 June 1966 ) is a retired Croatian football player who played as a forward .
Andrea Schenetti ( born 9 March 1991 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Prima Divisione club Sorrento .
Zana Allée ( Arabic : زانا علي‎ , born 1 March 1994 ) is an Iraqi Kurdish - born French footballer who plays as a midfielder for AC Ajaccio in the French Ligue 2 .
Ufuk Özbek ( born 1 September 1992 ) is a Turkish footballer who last played for Borussia Dortmund II . He is the brother of Barış Özbek who is also a midfielder .
Gérson Caçapa ( full name Gérson Cândido de Paula ) ( born 1 June 1967 in São Paulo , Brazil ) is a former football midfielder .
Haykeul Chikhaoui ( born 4 September 1996 ) is a French - born Tunisian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Ligue 2 side FC Sochaux - Montbéliard .
Tommy Parkin ( born 1 February 1956 ) is a retired English professional football midfielder who occasionally played as a full - back .
Apostolos Tsoptsis was born on 29 August 1972 at Esovalta , a village near Krya Vrysi , Pella and plays as a defender .
Joop van Daele ( born 14 August 1947 in Rotterdam ) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a defender .
Oscar Briceño ( born September 6 , 1985 in Cúcuta , Norte de Santander ) is a Colombian football forward who plays for Mineros de Guayana in Venezuela .
Carlos Manuel da Silva Cunha ( born 6 March 1977 ) , known as Carlitos , is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a right winger .
Walter Porritt ( 19 July 1914 -- 1993 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger or an inside forward in the Football League for York City and was on the books of Huddersfield Town without making a league appearance .
Ryan MacBeth ( born 29 April 1991 ) is a Scottish football midfielder who is currently playing for Scottish Junior club Pollok .
Barry Barto is a retired American soccer midfielder and college coach .
Sergio Santamaría González ( born 16 July 1980 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Ron Phoenix ( born 30 June 1929 ) is a footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Manchester City and Rochdale .
Stephen Heys ( born 1879 , date of death unknown ) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender .
Adam Bennett ( born March 30 , 1971 in Georgetown , Ontario ) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman and coach .
Yves Eigenrauch ( born 24 April 1971 ) is a German former professional footballer , who played mainly as a right defender .
Jan van Beveren ( Dutch pronunciation : ( jɑn vɑn ˈbeːvərə(n ) ) , 5 March 1948 -- 26 June 2011 ) was a Dutch football player and coach , who played as a goalkeeper .
Ahmed Nofal is a Jordanian football player , of Palestinian origin , who currently plays as a forward for Shabab Al - Ordon .
Gábor Babos ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɡaːboɾ ˈbɒboʃ ) ; born 24 October 1974 in Sopron ) is a Hungarian former football goalkeeper .
Peter Matshitse ( born 13 December 1971 ) is a South African former professional footballer who played as a defender for Orlando Pirates , Moroka Swallows , Tembisa Classic , Lehurutshe Stocks Birds , Kaizer Chiefs , Zulu Royals , Black Leopards and Jomo Cosmos .
Giannis Loukinas ( Greek : Γιάννης Λουκίνας , born 20 September 1991 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis in the Greek Football League , as a forward .
Rumen Shankulov ( Bulgarian : Румен Шанкулов ; born 22 August 1976 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward .
Aljaž Struna ( born 4 August 1990 in Piran ) is a Slovenian football defender / midfielder player currently playing for Palermo .
Mika Noronen ( born June 17 , 1979 in Tampere , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender , Malmö Redhawks of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Liridon Selmani ( born 12 June 1992 ) is an Albanian footballer , who plays for Varbergs BoIS as a forward Selmani has been part of Albania U21 starting in 2012 .
Jude Aneke ( born April 23 , 1990 in Enugu ) is a Nigerian forward playing for Spartak Semey in Kazakhstan .
Iriney Santos da Silva ( born 23 April 1981 ) , known simply as Iriney , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder .
Ulf Göran Hagberg ( born 8 November 1947 in Bjuv ) is a former Swedish football goalkeeper .
Stefano Guberti ( born 6 November 1984 in Sesto San Giovanni ) is an Italian football player who plays as a midfielder for Serie B club Perugia .
Douglas Caetano Mattoso dos Santos ( born 6 January 1981 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer who play as forward for Águila in the Salvadoran Primera División .
Malcolm McVean ( 7 March 1871 -- 6 June 1907 ) was a Scottish association footballer who played as a winger .
Alfred Porterfield ( born 1869 , deceased ) was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Ryan Kavanagh ( born February 12 , 1991 ) is an ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Braehead Clan , an Elite Ice Hockey League team based in Glasgow , Scotland .
Derek Tomkinson ( born 6 April 1931 ) is an English former footballer who played at inside - forward for Burton Albion , Port Vale , Crewe Alexandra , and Macclesfield Town .
Oğuz Dağlaroğlu ( born 18 August 1979 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Turkish club Adana Demirspor .
Vittorio Parigini ( born 25 March 1996 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Perugia on loan from Torino and the Italy national under-21 football team .
Nicola Campinoti ( born 20 May 1992 in Massa ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Massese .
Alex Spark ( 16 October 1949 -- 1993 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a central defender for Preston North End , Motherwell and Bradford City .
Đặng Văn Thành ( born 30 September 1984 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a forward for V - League club Dong Nai F.C ..
William Ellis Bailiff ( 19 March 1882 -- 1972 ) was a footballer born in Ruabon in north - east Wales who played as a goalkeeper .
Chit Su Moe ( born 4 December 1994 ) is a Burmese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chin United in Myanmar National League and Myanmar U23 football team .
Jordan Ferri ( born 12 March 1992 ) is a French footballer who currently plays for French side Lyon , as midfielder .
Tsvetomir Tsankov ( Bulgarian : Цветомир Цанков ; born 6 June 1984 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Dunav Ruse .
Mohamed Amsif ( Arabic : محمد أمسيف‎ ) ( born 7 February 1989 ) is a German - born Moroccan football goalkeeper who plays for German 2 .
Vasil Kirov ( Bulgarian : Васил Киров ; born 7 December 1975 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently ( as of June 2007 ) playing for Lokomotiv Mezdra as a midfielder .
Branislav Vukosavljević ( 19 September 1929 in Belgrade -- 10 November 1985 ) was a Serbian football midfielder and later a football manager .
Peter Kunter ( born 28 April 1941 in Berlin , Germany ) is a former professional football goalkeeper .
Anatol Chirinciuc ( born 4 February 1989 , în Nisporeni ) is a Moldovan football player , who currently plays for Zimbru Chișinău as goalkeeper .
Jenna Smith ( born July 25 , 1988 ) is an American basketball center for the University of Illinois Fighting Illini , and a First team All - Big Ten in 2008 and 2009 .
Sam Gallagher ( born 5 May 1991 ) is an Australian footballer who plays as a central defender for Manly United in the NSW NPL 1 .
Dario Tanda ( born 2 January 1995 ) is a Dutch - born footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Jonas Lössl ( born 1 February 1989 ) is a Danish professional association football player in the goalkeeper position , who plays in Ligue 1 for EA Guingamp .
Alexander Scholz ( born October 24 , 1992 ) is a Danish footballer with German roots who currently plays as defender in for football club Standard Liége in the Belgian Pro League .
Salvinu Schembri ( 19 October 1923 -- 15 December 2008 ) was a professional footballer , during his career he played for Sliema Wanderers , Valletta and Ħamrun Spartans , where he played as a midfielder .
Alessandro Iacobucci ( born 3 June 1991 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Serie B side Virtus Entella .
Doug Coutts is a Scottish former professional football defender who played for Aberdeen , Berwick Rangers , Wigan Athletic and Altrincham .
Filiz Koç ( born October 6 , 1986 ) , aka Filiz Heilmann or Filiz Heilmann Koç , is a Turkish - German women 's football midfielder , currently playing in the Turkish Women 's First League for 1207 Antalya Muratpaşa Belediye Spor with jersey number 13 .
Darko Krsteski ( Macedonian : Дарко Крстески ; born 9 August 1971 ) is a retired Macedonian football defender and current coach of Pobeda Prilep .
Biser Mihaylov ( Bulgarian : Бисер Михайлов ; born 30 June 1943 in Sofia ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Jairo Montaño ( born July 9 , 1979 in Guayaquil , Ecuador ) is a football defender .
Evren Özyiğit ( born 1 January 1986 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Aydınspor 1923 .
Heinz Lindner ( born 17 July 1990 ) is an Austrian football goalkeeper who plays for Eintracht Frankfurt and the Austria national football team .
Motshweneng Simon Gopane ( born 26 December 1970 in Bloemfontein ) is a South African football coach and a former international goalkeeper .
Jeff Storrs ( born April 13 , 1965 ) is a former U.S. soccer goalkeeper who spent two seasons in the Western Soccer Alliance and one in the American Professional Soccer League .
Denis Godla ( born April 4 , 1995 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey goaltender playing for Kokkolan Hermes of the Mestis legue .
Masoud Haghjou ( Persian : مسعود حق جو‎ , born June 30 , 1986 ) is an Iranian football player , who plays in the defender position .
Amaury Epaminondas Junqueira ( born 25 December 1935 ) is a retired Brazilian football forward who played for Brazilian club San Paolo and for several Mexicans clubs .
Ronaldo Conceição Silveira , usually known as Ronaldo Conceição ( born 3 April 1987 ) , is a Brazilian football defender .
Judikael Magique Goualy ( born 21 January 1993 in Abidjan ) simply Magique , is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a forward for Turkish club Şanlıurfaspor , on loan from Académica de Coimbra .
Jefferson de Jesus Santos ( born 14 April 1993 ) , known simply as Jefferson , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Croatian club HNK Hajduk Split as a defensive midfielder .
Karen Dokhoyan ( Armenian : Կարեն Դոխոյան , born on 6 October 1976 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is a former Armenian football defender .
Pape Mamadou Diouf ( born 31 December 1982 ) is an Senegalese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Abijah Rivers ( born 25 March 1988 ) is a Caymanian footballer who plays as a defender .
Miphy Lupini ( born in Kinshasa ) is football goalkeeper who last played for Golden Arrows .
Jan Oblak ( born 7 January 1993 ) is a Slovenian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Madrid and the Slovenia national team as a goalkeeper .
Chris Glennon is a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Manchester City and Tranmere Rovers .
Brad Cruikshank ( born February 14 , 1979 in Kelowna , British Columbia ) is a Canadian ice hockey winger
Dušan Cvetinović ( born 24 December 1988 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a defender for the Ligue 2 club RC Lens , on loan from Haugesund .
Archie Howarth ( March quarter 1911 -- 20 July 1966 ) was an English association footballer who played as an outside forward .
Baptiste Reynet ( born 28 October 1990 in Romans ) is a French football player who plays as a goalkeeper for French club Dijon FCO in Ligue 2 .
Andy Chiodo ( born April 25 , 1983 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender .
Antônio Jorge Cecílio Sobrinho known as Toninho Cecílio ( born May 27 , 1967 in Avaré ) , is a Brazilian football manager and former defender .
Mohammad Ali Ramezanian ( Persian : محمدعلی رمضانیان‎‎ , born 19 February 1993 ) is an Iranian football goalkeeper currently playing for Tractor Sazi .
Craig Farley ( born 17 March 1981 ) is an English footballer who played in The Football League as a defender .
Kim Byung - oh ( Hangul : 김병오 ; born 26 June 1989 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Chungju Hummel in K League Challenge .
Geoff Molyneux ( born 23 January 1943 , Warrington ) is a former English footballer who played as a winger .
Neil Jablonski ( born 9 March 1983 in Glenrothes ) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for New South Wales Premier League side Hakoah Sydney City East FC .
Neill Rimmer ( born 13 November 1967 in Liverpool ) is an English former professional football midfielder .
Grigorios Athanasiou ( Greek : Γρηγόρης Αθανασίου ; born 9 March 1984 ) is a footballer who plays as goalkeeper .
Patrick Nys ( born 25 January 1969 ) is a Belgian former football goalkeeper who lasted played for F.C. Brussels .
Lukáš Pazdera ( born 6 March 1987 ) is a Czech football player , who currently plays for FC Tescoma Zlín as a defender .
Francisco Jairo Silva Santos , commonly called as Jairo ( born 31 January 1988 in Picos , Piauí ) is a Brazilian football player at the position of midfielder for Vitória da Conquista .
Jaanus Veensalu ( born 29 July 1964 ) is a retired football ( soccer ) defender from Estonia , who retired in 1997 .
Kabiru Akinsola Olarewaju ( born 21 January 1991 in Imo State ) , known as Akinsola , is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward .
Haraldur Freyr Guðmundsson ( born 14 December 1981 in Keflavík ) is an Icelandic professional football defender who plays for Keflavík in Iceland .
Zdzisław Styczeń ( born 16 October 1894 in Przemyśl -- died on 20 December 1978 in Kraków ) was a footballer from Poland ( midfielder ) who played for such clubs as Cracovia and Wisła Kraków .
Daniel Spivak ( born 9 August 1988 ) is an Israeli - Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Gwinnett Gladiators of the ECHL .
Chetin Sadula ( Bulgarian : Четин Садула , Turkish : Çetin Sadullah ) ( born 16 June 1987 ) is a Bulgarian footballer of Turkish ethnicity , who currently plays as a midfielder for Vitosha Bistritsa .
Liu Zhenli ( simplified Chinese : 刘震理 ; traditional Chinese : 劉震理 ; pinyin : Liú Zhènlǐ ; born June 26 , 1985 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a Chinese football goalkeeper , who plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League .
David Nakhid ( born 15 May 1964 ) is a Trinidadian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels , as a midfielder .
Thaís Helena da Silva or simply Thaís ( born June 19 , 1987 ) , is a football ( soccer ) goalkeeper who currently plays for Brazilian club Corinthians and the Brazilian National Team .
Raad Hammoudi Salman ( April 20 , 1954 ) is a retired Iraqi football player who represented his country as a goalkeeper in the Olympics and the World Cup .
Louis Hon ( 11 September 1924 -- 5 January 2008 ) was a French association football defender and manager .
Evandro Carlos Escardalete ( born 12 February 1974 in São Paulo ) , known simply as Evandro , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played mainly as a forward .
Aung Zaw ( Burmese : အောင်ဇော် ; born 5 March 1990 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a defender for Myanmar national football team .
Natalia Mills ( born 22 March 1993 ) is a Panamanian football player who currently plays as a defender .
Lee Howey ( born April 1 , 1969 in Sunderland ) is a former English football player , and the older brother of former Newcastle United and England defender Steve Howey .
Franck Semou ( born 25 August 1992 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish professional football player , currently playing as a defensive midfielder for Brumunddal .
WNY Flash defender Australian International Teigen Allen subbed in , marking her debut in the WNY Flash vs Seattle Reign on 22 June at Sahlen 's Stadium .
Jesús Valeriano Nchama Oyono ( born 18 June 1995 ) , known as Valeriano , is an Equatoguinean football midfielder , who plays for Altovicentino in the Italian Serie D. He also holds Italian passport .
Karen Muradyan ( Armenian : Կարեն Մուրադյան , born 1 November 1992 in Gyumri ) is an Armenian football player who currently plays midfielder for the Armenian national team and for Armenian Premier League club Alashkert FC .
Antonis Vasiliou ( Greek : Αντώνης Βασιλείου , born 23 April 1996 ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for AEL Limassol as a midfielder .
Marcus Horan ( born 7 September 1977 , Clonlara , County Clare , Ireland ) is a retired Irish rugby union player who played Prop for Munster and Ireland .
Damjan Vuklišević ( born 28 June 1995 ) is a Slovenian football defender who plays for Krško on loan from Maribor .
Edgars Burlakovs ( born 6 January 1974 ) is a former football midfielder from Latvia .
Rodrigo Contreras ( born 27 October 1995 in Tucumán ) , better known as Tucu , is an Argentine footballer who plays for San Lorenzo as a forward .
Juan Carlos Menseguez ( born 18 February 1984 in Córdoba ) is an Argentine football forward who plays for Juventud Unida .
Tony Koonwaiyou ( born 10 June 1983 in Samoa ) is a rugby union footballer who plays at wing , centre and fullback for the Southland Stags in the Air New Zealand Cup .
Jádson Rodrigues da Silva , professionally known as Jádson ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ˈʒadsõⁿ ) ; born 5 October 1983 ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Tianjin Quanjian .
Lennie Arne Robin Rahm ( born September 13 , 1986 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender , currently playing for Malmö Redhawks of the HockeyAllsvenskan .
George Tudoran is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a centre midfielder for Liga II club Rapid Bucureşti .
Petr Wojnar ( born 12 January 1989 ) is a Czech football player who plays as a midfielder .
Carl Tourenne ( born 10 June 1972 ) is a French former professional association football defensive midfielder , who last played for Championnat de France amateur Group C side Chamois Niortais .
Giannis Goumas ( Greek : Γιάννης Γκούμας ) is a Greek former football defender .
Peter Cochran ( born January 12 , 1971 in Lake Oswego , Oregon ) was a U.S. soccer defender who played one season in the Western Soccer Alliance .
Helmut Bracht ( born 11 September 1929 in Dortmund ; died 12 May 2011 ) was a German footballer who played as a midfielder for Westfalia Herne and Borussia Dortmund .
Rodolfo Esteban Cardoso ( born 17 October 1968 in Azul ) is a retired Argentine football midfielder who spent the majority of his playing career in Germany .
Zbigniew Wachowicz ( on 12 January 1972 in Radom , Poland ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender .
Álvaro Betancourt ( born 8 February 1994 ) is a Puerto Rican attacking midfielder for the National Premier Soccer League club Puerto Rico Bayamón .
Gastón Monzón , ( born May 13 , 1987 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football goalkeeper .
Costas Costa ( Greek : Κώστας Κώστα ) ( born January 4 , 1969 ) is a former international Cypriot football midfielder .
Christian Ehrhoff ( born 6 July 1982 ) is a German professional ice hockey defenceman , currently a member of the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Rigoberto Gómez Laínez ( born January 9 , 1977 ) is a Honduran football midfielder who currently plays for Comunicaciones of the Guatemala 's top division .
Marcel Kimemba Mbayo ( born 23 April 1978 in Lubumbashi ) is a Congolese footballer who plays as a midfielder for A.F.C. Tubizethe Congolese national team .
Marko Meerits ( born 26 April 1992 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Dutch Eerste Divisie club Emmen and the Estonia national football team .
Frankie Oviedo ( born September 21 , 1973 in Cali , Colombia ) is a Colombian former footballer and coach who played for various clubs of Colombia , Venezuela and Mexico as a midfielder .
Marek Penksa ( born 4 August 1973 in Veľký Krtíš ) is a Slovak footballer ( midfielder ) , who last played for ASK Marienthal .
Jawad El Hajri ( born 1 November 1979 ) , also known as Jaouad El Hajri , is a footballer who currently plays as a forward for Yzeure .
Nick Symeoy is an Australian footballer who plays as a defender for Avondale FC in the National Premier Leagues Victoria .
Dimitrija Lazarevski ( Macedonian : Димитрија Лазаревски , born 23 September 1982 in Skopje ) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who plays as a defender for FK Shkupi .
Iago Azevedo dos Santos ( born 22 May 1992 ) , best known as Iago Santos , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Académica .
Emanuel Biancucchi Cuccitini ( born 28 July 1988 ) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Brasileirão Série B club Ceará .
Angula da Costa ( born 17 March 1987 ) is a Namibian football defender with Black Africa S.C. and the Namibia national football team .
Dave Kearney ( born 19 July 1989 ) , is an Irish rugby union player who plays wing and fullback for Lansdowne , Leinster and Ireland .
Davor Blažević ( born 7 February 1993 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for as a goalkeeper .
Tony Buckley ( born 8 October 1980 in Cork , Republic of Ireland ) is a former Irish rugby union player who played Prop .
Fabian Kling is a 6'2 `` defender from Germany .
Yrondu Musavu - King ( born 8 January 1992 ) is a Gabonese footballer who plays for French club FC Lorient on loan from Granada CF and the Gabon national team mainly as a central defender .
Antim Pehlivanov ( Bulgarian : Антим Пехливанов , born 7 June 1959 in Madan ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward .
Alessandro Farina ( born 20 February 1979 , in Olbia ) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for S.S. Cavese 1919 .
Walker Hampson ( 24 July 1889 -- 1959 ) was an English professional association footballer who played as a wing half .
Ivica Žunić ( born 11 September 1988 in Jajce , Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian football player who currently plays as a central defender for Ukrainian Premier League club Volyn Lutsk .
Mitch Pechet ( May 7 , 1918 -- September 30 , 2009 ) Born in Cupar , Saskatchewan was a professional National Hockey League ( NHL ) and United States Hockey League ( USHL ) right winger .
Kevin East ( born March 29 , 1971 ) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who currently coaches the Rutgers--
Sonia Bermúdez Tribano ( born 18 November 1984 ) , commonly known as Sonia or Soni , is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward for Primera División club Atlético Madrid and the Spain women 's national football team .
David Bystroň ( born 18 November 1982 ) is a Czech football player , who recently played for Sigma Olomouc as a defender .
Mariela Coronel is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing for Prainsa Zaragoza in Spain 's Primera División .
Kadeem Raymond Mathurin - Harris ( born 8 June 1993 ) , known as Kadeem Harris , is an English footballer who plays for Championship side Cardiff City , as a midfielder .
Olivier Guégan ( born 20 August 1972 in Longjumeau ) is a French midfielder retired footballer who last plays for Stade Reims .
Miloš Marić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Марић ; born 5 March 1982 in Titovo Užice , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian football midfielder , currently playing for Waasland - Beveren in Belgium .
Carlos Califo Seidi ( born 22 September 1989 in Lisbon , Portugal ) simply Califo , is a Portuguese - born Bissau - Guinean footballer who plays for U.D. Oliveirense as a defender .
Rogério Luiz da Silva ( born June 12 , 1980 ) , commonly known as Rogério , is a footballer from Brazil who since 2009 has played as a forward for Grasshopper - Club Zurich in the Swiss Super League .
Jacques Favre ( 6 May 1921 -- 8 May 2008 ) is a former French football ( soccer ) player in goalkeeper role and manager .
Yaroslav Oliynyk ( Ukrainian : Ярослав Вадимович Олійник , born 14 March 1991 in Donetsk , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football defender who played on loan for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Stefan Elliott ( born January 30 , 1991 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently with the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League while under contract to the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Ignacio Canuto ( born 20 February 1986 in Santa Fe ) is an Argentine football central defender , who played for León .
Amiran Mujiri ( born 22 February 1974 in Batumi ) is a former Georgian footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Eduardo Echeverría ( born 4 March 1989 ) is a Paraguayan international footballer who plays for Olimpia as an attacking midfielder and Winger .
Lars Unger ( born 30 September 1972 ) is a retired German footballer who played as a midfielder for Werder Bremen , Fortuna Düsseldorf , Southend United , SC Bregenz , and Brinkumer SV .
Marthen Christian Warobay or just Christian Warobay ( born 12.07.1984 in Papua ) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a defender for Indonesian football club Persidafon Jayapura .
Bustling young forward Dominik Starkl began his career at Kremser SC in Lower Austria .
Makhtar Thioune ( born 5 August 1984 ) is a Senegalese footballer that plays for Viking as a central midfielder .
Julien Berger is a Belgian rugby union player who currently plays for his national side and the French club La Rochelle as a scrum - half .
Serhiy Voronin ( Ukrainian : Сергій Олександрович Воронін ; born 24 March 1987 in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present - day Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Jürgen Duah ( born Jürgen Molinari on 19 December 1985 ) is a German football defender of Ghanaian / Italian descent .
Ezzaki Badou ( Arabic : بادو الزاكي‎ ; born 2 April 1959 ) , nicknamed Zaki as a player , is a Moroccan retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and a current manager .
Gilbert Rankin ( born 20 March 1870 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as an inside forward .
Jovana Damnjanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јована Дамњановић ; born 24 November 1994 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a forward for SC Sand in the German Frauen - Bundesliga .
Jürgen Damm Rascón ( born 7 November 1992 ) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Liga MX club Tigres UANL and Mexico national team .
David García Zubiria ( born 14 February 1994 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CA Osasuna as a central defender or central midfielder .
Robert Herbin ( born 30 March 1939 ) is a retired French association football defender and manager .
Maksym Startsev ( Ukrainian : Максим Олександрович Старцев ; born 20 January 1980 in Kherson , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian goalkeeper who plays for Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian Premier League .
João Leonardo de Paula Reginato ( born June 25 , 1985 in Campinas ) , or simply João Leonardo , is a Brazilian football central defender , who plays for Doxa Katokopias .
Harry Koch ( born 15 November 1969 in Bamberg ) is a former German football central defender , and a current coach .
Walter Carlyle ( born 23 May 1938 in Grangemouth , died 2007 ) was a Scottish former footballer who played as a right winger .
Ulia Ulia ( born 13 June 1980 in Afega ) to Ututa'aloga Charlie Ulia of Afega and Senetenari Elizabeth Havilani Lameta - Ulia of Vaimoso and Moataa , is a Samoan rugby union flanker .
Giacomo Bulgarelli ( 24 October 1940 -- 12 February 2009 ) was an Italian international footballer who played as a midfielder .
Giovanni Lavrendi ( born April 20th , 1986 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Reggina in the Serie D.
Godwin Davy ( born 15 December 1979 ) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Mike Twellman ( born December 18 , 1960 in St. Louis , Missouri ) was a U.S. soccer defender who played two seasons in the North American Soccer League , one in the United Soccer League and two in the first Major Indoor Soccer League .
Edno Roberto Cunha or simply Edno ( born May 31 , 1983 in Lages ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for São Bento as an attacking midfielder or a second striker .
Mike Ivanow ( born January 4 , 1947 in Shanghai , China ) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who was born in Shanghai , China .
Qiu Tianyi ( Chinese : 邱添一 born 31 January 1989 Shenyang , Liaoning ) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a defender for Wuhan Zall in the China League One .
Milan Lucic ( pronounced ( mǐlan lûːt͡ʃit͡ɕ ) ; born June 7 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Methuselah ( Hebrew : מְתוּשֶׁלַח / מְתוּשָׁלַח , Modern Metušélaħ / Metušálaħ Tiberian Məṯûšélaḥ / Məṯûšālaḥ ; `` Man of the dart / spear '' , or alternatively `` his death shall bring judgment '' ) is the man reported to have lived the longest at the age of 969 in the Hebrew Bible .
The Riftwar Saga involved the rift between Midkemia and the world of the Tsurani .
Roadbuster is the name of three fictional characters from the various Transformers universes .
He was formerly known as Hot Rod and was first seen in The Transformers : The Movie but was reformatted into Rodimus Prime when he received the Autobot Matrix of Leadership from his mentor Optimus Prime , and acted as the movie 's protagonist .
The Big Giant Head is a fictional character from the American sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun ; he is the Solomons ' mission leader and king of the galaxy .
Cheryl Stark ( née Kratz ) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours , played by Caroline Gillmer .
Orson Welles 's Chimes at Midnight ( 1966 ) compiles the two Henry IV plays into a single , condensed storyline , while adding a handful of scenes from Richard II and Henry V. The movie , also known as Falstaff , features Welles himself in the title role .
Wheeljack is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers franchise .
Thunderwing is the name of several fictional characters from the Transformers series .
They can burrow faster than a human can run ; a Graboid in Tremors 3 : Back to Perfection could keep pace with Burt 's truck .
Amy Wong , voiced by Lauren Tom , is a main character from the Fox and Comedy Central television animated series Futurama .
Troy McClure is a fictional character from the American animated sitcom The Simpsons .
The Multiforce team appeared in the Transformers :
Oscar MacGuire is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away , played by Jake Speer .
Callum Kane is a fictional character from the British television soap opera Hollyoaks , played by Laurie Duncan .
Shermy is a fictional character from the comic strip Peanuts , by Charles Schulz .
Stefan Salvatore is a fictional character from L. J. Smith 's novel series The Vampire Diaries .
Detective Nick Falco is a fictional character on the NBC crime drama Law & Order , portrayed by Michael Imperioli .
Detective David Tapp is a fictional character from the Saw franchise .
Babruvahana or Babhruvahana is a character in the Mahabharata , a Hindu epic .
Landquake is the name to two different fictional characters in the various Transformers universes .
Trevor Philips is a fictional character and one of the protagonists of Grand Theft Auto V , a video game in the Grand Theft Auto series made by Rockstar Games .
Randy and Sharon Marsh ( née Kimble ) are fictional characters in the animated television series South Park .
Carmine Lupertazzi , Sr . , played by Tony Lip , is the fictional boss of the Brooklyn - based Lupertazzi crime family on the HBO TV series The Sopranos .
Brobdingnag is a fictional land in Jonathan Swift 's satirical novel Gulliver 's Travels occupied by giants .
Inigo Montoya is a fictional character in William Goldman 's 1973 novel The Princess Bride .
They appeared in a song called `` Heffalumps and Woozles '' with their partners , the woozles , in the film The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh .
Hu Sanniang ( lit . `` Third Sister Hu '' ) is a fictional character in Water Margin , one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature .
Lady Wang ( 王夫人 ) is a character in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber .
The Simpson family are cartoon characters featured in the animated television series The Simpsons .
Sisera ( Hebrew : סִיסְרָא Sîsərā ) was commander of the Canaanite army of King Jabin of Hazor , who is mentioned in Judges 4 - 5 of the Hebrew Bible .
The fictional character Danielle Andropoulos is a resident of Oakdale on the American TV soap opera , As the World Turns .
USS Nathan James is a fictional ship of the United States Navy , used as the setting for the 1988 post - apocalyptic novel The Last Ship and the television series of the same name .
Stuart Chandler is a fictional character on American daytime drama All My Children .
Heather Stevens is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless .
Bryce Larkin is a spy on the comedy series Chuck on NBC .
Steve Elliot is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Mark Monero between 22 October 1991 and 12 February 1996 .
Lieutenant Sheba , portrayed by Anne Lockhart , is a fictional character and regular cast member of the 1978 - 1979 ABC television series Battlestar Galactica .
Carla Connor ( née Donovan , previously Gordon and Barlow ) is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera Coronation Street , played by Alison King .
Teri Bauer is a fictional character played by Leslie Hope on the first season of the television series 24 .
The Lords of Kobol are deities featured in the fictional universe of Battlestar Galactica .
Slim Charles is a fictional character in the HBO drama The Wire , played by Anwan Glover .
The Roark family is a fictional dynasty from Frank Miller 's graphic novel series Sin City .
Cody Willis is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours , originally played by Amelia Frid .
MIKE is a character in the TV series Twin Peaks , portrayed by Al Strobel .
In the narrative of The Lord of the Rings , Gollum leads Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee through Ithilien on the way to the pass of Cirith Ungol into Mordor .
Shirley Armitage is a fictional character in the UK television ITV soap opera Coronation Street .
Waverley Harrison ( née Wilson , previously Wallasee ) was a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street .
Rosie M. Banks is a recurring fictional character in the Jeeves and Drones Club stories of British comic writer P. G. Wodehouse , being a romance novelist and the wife of Bingo Little .
D0 g is a fictional character in the Half - Life series of video games , first introduced in Half - Life 2 in 2004 .
Barliman Butterbur is a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien 's epic fantasy The Lord of the Rings .
A well - known story in the collection One Thousand and One Nights describes a genie who had displeased King Solomon and was punished by being locked in a bottle and thrown into the sea .
Carmel Jackson ( also Roberts ) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Judith Jacob from 5 June 1986 to 24 August 1989 .
Sister Act is a 1992 American comedy film released by Touchstone Pictures .
Nick Carter and Red Club ( French : Nick Carter et le trèfle rouge ) is a 1965 French action film directed by Jean - Paul Savignac .
The Grey Car ( Spanish : El automóvil gris ) is a 1919 film directed by Enrique Rosas which is the number 98 in 100 Mexican best movies .
Der Hund von Baskerville is a 1914 German silent film adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle 's The Hound of the Baskervilles .
South West 9 is a 2001 British film about the Brixton rave scene .
In 1951 it was published by Gnome Press as a combined work with Hubbard 's Fear , and again in 1977 as Fear & Typewriter in the Sky , published by Popular Library .
The American River Review is a literary journal , first published in 1984 , by students and faculty of American River College ( ARC ) .
After Quinto Sol 's initial publication of Bless Me , Ultima in 1972 , critics by and large responded enthusiastically .
The Journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care is a bimonthly peer - reviewed nursing journal and the official journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care published by Elsevier .
A Secular Age is a book written by the philosopher Charles Taylor which was published in 2007 by Harvard University Press .
The German Economic Review is a peer - reviewed academic journal of economics published quarterly by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Verein für Socialpolitik , of which it is an official journal .
The Hudson Selection Vol . 1 - 4 are a collection of video games by Hudson Soft , released only in Japan .
The Devil 's Notebook is the fourth book by Anton LaVey , published in 1992 by Feral House .
The first Deities & Demigods was published in 1980 by TSR , Inc. while another book called Deities and Demigods was published in 2002 by Wizards of the Coast , who acquired the D&D brand with their purchase of TSR in 1998 .
Crazee Rider is a motorbike racing video game created by Kevin Edwards for Superior Software in 1987 .
JAMA Psychiatry ( until 2013 : Archives of General Psychiatry ) is a monthly , peer - reviewed medical journal published by the American Medical Association .
Super Asteroids & Missile Command ( also known as Super Asteroids and Super Missile Command as seen on the title screen ) is an Atari Lynx video game that combines the classic video games Asteroids and Missile Command into a single game cartridge .
Open Systems & Information Dynamics ( OSID ) is a journal published by World Scientific .
The Journal of Gender Studies is a leading British peer - reviewed journal for interdisciplinary gender studies , published by Routledge .
The Ponder Heart is a novella written by Eudora Welty and illustrated by Joe Krush , originally published in The New Yorker in 1953 , and republished by Harcourt Brace in 1954 .
Death in Summer is a novel written by William Trevor , first published in 1998 by Viking Press .
The Duke 's Children is a novel by Anthony Trollope , first published in 1879 as a serial in All the Year Round .
Whispering to Witches is British writer Anna Dale 's first novel , published in 2004 by Bloomsbury Publishing .
The Elves of Alfheim was written by Steve Perrin and Anders Swenson , with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian , and was published by TSR in 1988 as a 96-page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder .
An English translation by Harry L. Binsse , Street of Riches , was published by McClelland and Stewart in 1957 .
Flashing Blades is a role - playing game published by Fantasy Games Unlimited in 1984 .
Tom Swift and His Big Tunnel , or , the Hidden City of the Andes , is Volume 19 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap .
The Incredible Shrinking Fireman is a computer game released by Mastertronic in 1986 .
Cannon Fodder 3 is an action - strategy PC game developed and published -- originally in Russia -- by Game Factory Interactive ( GFI ) , along with developer Burut CT .
Pirates of the Fallen Stars , with product code TSR 9346 , was published in 1992 , and was written by Curtis Scott , with cover art by Erik Olson and interior art by Jaime Lombardo , Clyde Caldwell , and Larry Elmore .
Tunnel B1 is a sci - fi first person shooter developed by NEON Software and published by Ocean Software in 1996 .
The World Health Report ( WHR ) is a series of reports produced regularly by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
The Pop 100 was a songs chart that debuted in February 2005 and was released weekly by Billboard magazine in the United States until its discontinuation in 2009 .
In an article with Horn Book Magazine , Candlewick Press 's editorial director commented that Rapp 's original version of 33 Snowfish contained stronger language which had to be edited down before it could be sold .
The New York University Journal of International Law and Politics ( Bluebook abbreviation : N.Y.U. J. Int'L L. & Pol . ) is a student - edited international law review at New York University School of Law .
Chick Chick Boom was an online Flash game created for Easter 2007 by Extra Toxic and sponsored by Nintendo of Europe .
Clinical Therapeutics is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal that was established in 1979 and is published by Elsevier .
Hard Nova is a role - playing video game developed by Malibu Interactive and published by Electronic Arts in 1990 for DOS , Amiga and Atari ST . It is a follow - up to Sentinel Worlds I :
Science & Justice is a peer - reviewed scientific journal of forensics published by Elsevier on behalf of the Forensic Science Society and the International Society for Forensic Genetics .
The Eugenics Review was a scientific journal published by the Galton Institute .
World Orders Old and New is a book by Noam Chomsky , first published in 1994 and updated in 1996 by Columbia University Press .
Functional Materials is a quarterly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute for Single Crystals of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine .
Continuity and Change is an international peer - reviewed academic journal published three times per year by Cambridge University Press .
Founded in 1994 , the Potomac Review is now funded by the Montgomery College Foundation and Paul Peck Humanities Institute .
Development and Change is a bimonthly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Institute of Social Studies .
Carnival Games ( known in Europe and Australia as Carnival Funfair Games ) is a video game for Nintendo 's Wii console and the Nintendo DS . It was published by Global Star Software , before GSS was absorbed into Take - Two Interactive ( and what is now 2 K Play ) .
The Annals of Saudi Medicine is a bimonthly peer - reviewed medical journal published by the King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre ( Riyadh , Saudi Arabia ) .
Sweevo 's World is an isometric 3D arcade adventure game released by Gargoyle Games in 1986 for the Sinclair Spectrum and Amstrad CPC .
The Pepperdine Law Review ( Bluebook abbreviation : Pepp . L. Rev. ) is a student - edited law journal published by the Pepperdine University School of Law .
Too Much Happiness is a short story collection by Canadian writer Alice Munro , published on August 25 , 2009 by McClelland and Stewart 's Douglas Gibson Books imprint .
The Lion Wakes is the first novel of the Kingdom series by Scottish writer of historical fiction , Robert Low , released on 14 April 2011 through Harper .
Goodbye Tsugumi ( English edition ) by Banana Yoshimoto Hardcover - ISBN 0 - 8021 - 1638 - 8 published by Grove Press Paperback - ISBN 0 - 8021 - 3991 - 4 , published by Grove Press A passage from this novel was published in the November 2009 SAT Reasoning Test .
The Vikings Campaign Sourcebook was published by TSR , Inc. as a 96-page softcover book , with a 28 `` × 19 '' map sheet .
Kirby Tilt ' n ' Tumble , known in Japan as Korokoro Kirby ( コロコロカービィ Korokoro Kābī , `` Roly - Poly Kirby '' ) , is an action puzzle video game published and developed by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color handheld video game console .
A Daughter of Heth is a novel by William Black , first published in 3 volumes by Sampson Low in 1871 .
Tony Hawk 's Underground is a skateboarding - adventure video game published by Activision in 2003 , the fifth entry in the Tony Hawk 's series .
Nationalities Papers is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by Routledge for the Association for the Study of Nationalities .
Pro Evolution Soccer 3 ( known as World Soccer : Winning Eleven 7 in Japan and World Soccer : Winning Eleven 7 International in North America also in Japan ) is a football video game developed and produced by Konami as part of the Pro Evolution Soccer series .
Pssst is an action video game developed and published by Ultimate Play the Game that was released for the ZX Spectrum in June 1983 .
Jelly Boy is a 1995 Europe - exclusive action platformer video game developed by Probe Entertainment and published by Ocean Software for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Nintendo Game Boy .
Perspectives on Science was established in 1993 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press .
A contest was held on the Warriors website to determine the cover of The Empty City that came down to a mock `` vote '' with the pets of HarperCollins staff members .
The Black Prism is a fantasy novel by Brent Weeks that was released on August 25 , 2010 , by Orbit Books .
ThinkTanks , also called TT , is an online multiplayer third - person shooter available for Microsoft Windows , Mac , Linux and Xbox It was developed by BraveTree Productions and marketed by GarageGames and Shockwave.com .
Journal of Multicultural Counseling and Development is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell for the American Counseling Association on behalf of the Association for Multicultural Counseling and Development .
The Southwest Review is a literary journal published quarterly , based on the Southern Methodist University campus in Dallas , Texas .
Yoshi 's Safari takes advantage of the Super Nintendo 's Mode 7 capability , which allows backgrounds to be transformed by rotating or stretching it .
GAZ3 The Principalities of Glantri was written by Bruce Heard , with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian , and was published by TSR in 1987 as a ninety - six page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder .
Organometallics is a biweekly journal published by the American Chemical Society .
FIFA 08 ( named FIFA Soccer 08 in North America ) is the 2007 installment of EA Sports ' series of football video games .
Julie , or the New Heloise ( French : Julie , ou la nouvelle Héloïse ) is an epistolary novel by Jean - Jacques Rousseau , published in 1761 by Marc - Michel Rey in Amsterdam .
Arcade Classics is a Sega Genesis / Mega Drive game featuring three classic arcade games :
Journal of Hypertension is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins first launched in 1982 .
Early Human Development is a peer - reviewed academic journal covering human development published by Elsevier .
Legislative Studies Quarterly is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell and is the official journal of the Legislative Studies Section of the American Political Science Association .
Battle Cars is a racing video game for the Super NES that was developed by Malibu and published by Namco in 1993 .
An Phoblacht ( Irish pronunciation : ( ənˠ ˈfˠɔbˠlˠəxt̪ˠ ) , The Republic ) is a monthly 32-page newspaper published by Sinn Féin in Ireland .
CardMon Hero ( previously known as Orka Online , Yuina Online : Adventure ORKA and Camon Hero ) is an anime - inspired free - to - play massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) developed by Redbana and published by HanbitSoft .
Beyond the Ice Palace is a platform game released by Elite Systems in 1988 for several home computer systems .
Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine ( abbreviated J Cell Mol Med or JCMM ) is a bi - monthly , peer - reviewed , scientific journal published by Wiley - Blackwell in association with the Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine .
Letters to a Young Contrarian is Christopher Hitchens ' contribution , released in 2001 , to the Art of Mentoring series published by Basic Books .
Late Nights on Air is a novel by Canadian writer Elizabeth Hay , published by McClelland & Stewart in 2007 .
Rubik 's Games is a 5 games in 1 PC game created for Windows 95/98 developed in part by Ernő Rubik with Androsoft and was published by Hasbro Interactive .
The Journal of Medical Physics is a quarterly peer - reviewed open access medical journal published on behalf of the Association of Medical Physicists of India by Medknow Publications .
Accident Analysis & Prevention is a bimonthly peer - reviewed public health journal covering accident prevention published by Elsevier on behalf of the Association for the Advancement of Automotive Medicine .
The American Economic Review is a peer - reviewed academic journal of economics publishing twelve ( formerly seven ) issues annually by the American Economic Association .
Anubis II ( pronounced Anubis the Second ; the game is not a sequel ) is an action game from UK based developer Metro 3D.
The Virginia Environmental Law Journal ( Bluebook abbreviation : Va. Envtl . L.J. ) is a law review edited by students at the University of Virginia School of Law .
Sorcerer 's Son is the first novel in `` The Book of Elementals '' series by Phyllis Eisenstein , first published as a mass - market paperback in 1979 by Del Rey Books ..
Global Operations is a first - person tactical shooter computer game developed by Barking Dog Studios and published by both Crave Entertainment and Electronic Arts .
The ACM Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems ( TOPLAS ) is a bimonthly peer - reviewed scientific journal on programming languages published by the Association for Computing Machinery since 1979 .
Mario 's Game Gallery is a compilation of games published by Interplay Entertainment Corp. and developed by Presage Software , Inc. for the PC .
In 2010 , Disney Interactive Studios announced plans for Club Penguin :
Tiki Towers is a game by RealNetworks division GameHouse for WiiWare , BlackBerry , iOS ( iPhone , iPod Touch , iPad ) , Android , Windows Phone and Symbian S60 .
Canadian Journal of Experimental Psychology is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association .
NES Play Action Football is a football video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Far Cry Instincts is a first - person shooter video game developed and published by Ubisoft for Xbox that was released on September 27 , 2005 .
Asian Survey ( subtitled A Bimonthly Review of Contemporary Asian Affairs ; ISSN 0004 - 4687 ) is a bimonthly academic journal of Asian studies published by the University of California Press ( Berkeley , California , USA ) on behalf of the Institute of East Asian Studies at the University of California , Berkeley .
The Danish Girl is a novel by American writer David Ebershoff , published in 2000 by the Viking Press in the United States and Allen & Unwin in Australia .
NCAA Football 09 is a college football video game created by EA Sports , a subsidiary of Electronic Arts .
Road Trip Adventure , also known as Road Trip or Choro Q HG 2 , is a video game for the PlayStation 2 developed by E - game ( but commonly credited to Takara ) .
IEEE Transactions on Communications is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Communications Society that focuses on all aspects of telecommunication technology , including telephone , telegraphy , facsimile , and point - to - point television by electromagnetic propagation .
On April 24 , 2003 , Square Enix , formed from the merger of Square and Enix during the game 's development , announced that Sword of Mana would have North American and European releases as well .
McElligot 's Pool is a children 's book written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Random House in 1947 .
Muse of Fire was originally published in 2007 , in the anthology The New Space Opera , and standalone by Subterranean Press in 2008 .
Biotechnology and Bioprocess Engineering is a peer - reviewed bimonthly scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Korean Society for Biotechnology and Bioengineering .
Elfmania is a 2D fighting game developed by Terramarque and released by Renegade Software in 1994 for the Amiga .
Claim to Fame is a novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix published by Simon & Schuster Children 's Publishing in 2009 .
Nature Cell Biology is a peer - reviewed scientific journal covering research in cell biology published by the Nature Publishing Group .
Jimmy Connors Tennis is a tennis simulation video game developed by NMS Software for the Nintendo Entertainment System and the Game Boy , and published by Ubisoft in 1993 .
Game Time is the second studio album by American rapper Lil ' Romeo , son of American rapper and record producer Master P. It was released on December 17 , 2002 on The New No Limit and Universal Records .
`` El Mellao '' ( English : The Toothless ) is the first single by Puerto Rican reggaeton performer Voltio , released in September 2007 by Sony BMG .
Music for Two in Love is a Patti Page LP album , issued by Mercury Records as catalog number MG-20099 .
Hunky Dory is the fourth album by English singer - songwriter David Bowie , recorded in mid-1971 and released by RCA Records that December .
7 vies is the eighth studio album by Australian singer and songwriter Tina Arena , released on 28 January 2008 on Columbia Records in France .
Grey Britain is the second album by English hardcore punk band Gallows , released 2 May 2009 through Warner Bros. Records .
Between the Glory and the Flame is an album by Randy Stonehill , released in 1981 , on Myrrh Records .
Lil ' Darlin ' is a live album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Red Garland which was recorded in 1959 and originally released on the Status label , a subsidiary of Prestige Records .
The Best of Culture Club is a greatest hits album of British new wave group Culture Club , released by Virgin Records in 1989 .
Dana Dane 4 Ever is the second album released by rapper Dana Dane , which was released on October 11 , 1990 , on Profile Records and featured production from Hurby Luv Bug , the Invincibles , and Stevie `` O '' the Boy Wonda .
Breakfast in America is the sixth album by the English progressive rock band Supertramp , released on 29 March 1979 by A&M Records .
When the World Comes Down is the third studio album by American rock band The All - American Rejects , released December 16 , 2008 by Interscope Records .
Somewhere Between Free Men and Slaves is the first full - length studio album by Canadian hard rock band Organ Thieves , released on April 24 , 2012 , through MapleMusic Recordings , through the Canadian iTunes , later followed by a physical CD release on May 8 , 2012 .
Period ( Another American Lie ) is the debut studio album by B.A.L.L. , released in 1987 by Shimmy Disc .
Cali Connection is the 11th studio album by American rapper C - Bo , released February 28 , 2012 , on Ca$hville Records , West Coast Mafia Records and Black October Music .
Dirty Bass is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group Far East Movement , released through Cherrytree Records and Interscope Records ( Universal Music Group ) on June 12 , 2012 .
On the Corner is a studio album by jazz musician Miles Davis , recorded in June and July 1972 and released later that year on Columbia Records .
Waiting for an Echo is the seventh album by Solas , released in 2005 on the Shanachie Records label .
Sewn Mouth Secrets was Soilent Green 's first full - length album to be released on Relapse Records ; they had already worked with the label for their previous EP A String of Lies .
Maleventum is the fourth studio album by Italian symphonic black metal band Opera IX , released in 2002 through Avantgarde Music .
`` Outa - Space '' is an instrumental recorded by Billy Preston that originally appeared on his 1971 A&M Records - debut album , I Wrote a Simple Song .
Epic Records released Fan the Flame ( Part 1 ) in Japan only .
Songs for the Dead is Bella Morte 's third release on Metropolis Records .
D'eux ( meaning Of Them or About Them or From Them and homophonic with `` deux '' , meaning `` two '' ) is a French - language studio album by the Canadian singer Celine Dion , released by Sony Music Entertainment on 30 March 1995 in Canada and on 3 April 1995 in France .
Is There Love in Space ? is the tenth studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani , released on April 13 , 2004 through Epic Records .
Night in the Ruts is the sixth studio album by American rock band Aerosmith , released on November 1 , 1979 , by Columbia Records .
One Cell in the Sea is the first studio album by A Fine Frenzy , the stage name of American singer - songwriter Alison Sudol , released under Virgin Records on July 17 , 2007 .
Up to You is the debut studio album released by Japanese pop singer Michi under Sony Music Entertainment .
I Got Your Country Right Here is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Gretchen Wilson , released on March 30 , 2010 via Redneck Records , her own label .
Go Off ! is the second and final studio album by heavy metal band Cacophony , released in 1988 through Shrapnel Records .
Boc Maxima was released by Boards of Canada on Music70 in 1996 .
I Love to Sing the Songs I Sing is the self - produced ninth album by American R&B singer Barry White , released in 1979 on the 20th Century - Fox Records label .
`` The Tears of a Clown '' is a song by Smokey Robinson & the Miracles for the Tamla Records label subsidiary of Motown , originally released on the 1967 album Make It Happen .
More Beautiful Human Life ! is the fifth album by composer Paul Schütze , released in 1994 through Apollo Records .
`` The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret '' is the first single from Queens of the Stone Age 's second album , Rated R. It was released in the summer of 2000 through Interscope Records in Europe as a standard single , and in the US as only a promotional one .
Diary of a Mad Band is the second studio album from American R&B group Jodeci , released in 1993 on Uptown Records and distributed through MCA Records .
The Torment is the first studio album by the British thrash metal band Seventh Angel , released on Music for Nations label in 1990 .
Thizz City is a compilation album by American rapper Messy Marv , released on August 10 , 2010 , via SMC Recordings .
Songs in the Key of Life is the eighteenth album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder , released on September 28 , 1976 , by Motown Records .
Pies Descalzos ( English : Bare Feet ) is the third studio album and major - label debut by Colombian singer - songwriter Shakira , released on October 6 , 1995 , by Sony Music and Columbia Records .
Virgin Records released this compilation on 1 October 2002 ; it is identical to The Best of Simple Minds except it deletes `` The Real Life '' remix and replaces it with `` Cry '' ( 3:55 ) and `` Spaceface '' ( 3:52 ) .
The Alphabutt sessions were completed on February 21 , 2008 , and the full album was released on K Records in September 2008 .
My One and Only Thrill is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Melody Gardot , released on March 16 , 2009 by Verve Records .
Iron Flag is the fourth studio album by American East Coast hip hop collective Wu - Tang Clan , released on December 18 , 2001 on Loud Records .
Fix My Brain is the third album by the Denton , Texas punk rock band The Marked Men , released May 16 , 2006 , by Swami Records .
Rock Father is Papa John Creach 's fifth solo album and his last with Buddah Records .
Mezzamorphis is the second studio album by the Christian rock band Delirious ? .
Take Out Yo Gun was the first album to be released on The Dogg 's own label Mshasho Productions .
Back to the Country is a 1975 country music album by Loretta Lynn released on MCA Records .
`` Just Let Me Know '' is a song recorded in late 1963 by The Temptations for the Gordy ( Motown ) label , written and produced by Motown president Berry Gordy , and is the B - side to the 1964 hit single `` The Way You Do the Things You Do '' .
Young Foolish Happy is the second studio album by English recording artist Pixie Lott , released on 11 November 2011 by Mercury Records .
The Headless Children is the fourth studio by heavy metal band W.A.S.P. , released in April 1989 through Capitol Records .
`` Queen of Chinatown '' ( also typed `` Queen of China - Town '' ) is a song by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1977 by Ariola Records .
Art Blakey 's Jazz Messengers with Thelonious Monk is a studio album released in 1958 on Atlantic Records , catalogue SD 1278 .
Party Fun Action Committee released the first album , Let 's Get Serious , on Definitive Jux in 2003 .
Toucan Do It Too is the third album by American country rock group the Amazing Rhythm Aces , released in 1977 on ABC Records .
Bottle of Humans is the first studio album by American hip hop musician Sole , released on Anticon in 2000 .
Silent Night Fever is the first album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dimension Zero , distributed jointly by Century Media and Regain Records .
Clicks & Cuts is the first volume in the Clicks & Cuts Series released by Mille Plateaux in 2000 .
Cast of Thousands is the second album by English alternative rock band Elbow , released on 18 August 2003 in the UK and on 27 January 2004 in the US by V2 Records .
Years ( by One Thousand Fingertips ) is the second studio album by Canadian folk rock band Attack in Black , released on March 10 , 2009 on Dine Alone Records .
Hide Nothing is the third studio album by the Pompano Beach , Florida rock band Further Seems Forever , released in 2004 by Tooth & Nail Records .
It 's a Dying World is a Contemporary Christian Music album by Steve Camp and was released by Myrrh Records in 1984 .
To Be Still is the second album by Alela Diane , released in 2009 on Rough Trade Records .
Steelhammer is the 14th studio album by the German heavy metal band U.D.O. , released on May 21 , 2013 , through AFM Records .
Tender Melody is a studio album of Sofia Rotaru , recorded at Melodiya in the USSR .
In My Hands , an album by Natalie MacMaster , was released in 1999 on the Rounder Records label .
`` Vaya Con Satan '' is a single from the Norwegian band Turbonegro from their 1992 album Hot Cars and Spent Contraceptives released on 7 `` Vinyl in 1991 by Sympathy for the Record Industry .
6 Days to Nowhere is Italian power metal band Labyrinth 's sixth album , released February 26 , 2007 on Scarlet Records .
Music Trance was Ben E. King 's 13th album and 12th studio album , and his fifth record with Atlantic Records .
Love over Gold is the fourth studio album by British rock band Dire Straits , released on 20 September 1982 by Vertigo Records internationally , and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States .
Cure for Pain was the second album released by alternative rock band Morphine through Rykodisc in 1993 .
To All Our Fallen Heroes is Ann Beretta 's 1999 release on Lookout ! Records .
Double Figure is an album by Plaid released in 2001 on Warp Records .
How Will I Laugh Tomorrow When I Ca n't Even Smile Today is the third album by American crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies , released on September 13 , 1988 on Epic Records , their first album on that label .
`` Just Like Me '' is a 1965 single by Paul Revere & the Raiders featuring Mark Lindsay as vocalist and released on Columbia Records which marked the beginning of a string of garage rock classics .
Kottke 's fifth album on the Private Music label , Great Big Boy is unique in the later Kottke canon in that every song includes a vocal part .
The Mission Bell is the sixth studio album by Delirious ? .
Muzical Madness is the second album by Jimmy Z. The album was released on October 1 , 1991 for Ruthless Records and was produced by Dr. Dre , Eazy - E and Jimmy Z. This album is one of the few , if not the only album released by Ruthless Records that is not entirely hip hop based .
Taking Up Your Precious Time is the debut studio album by the then electronic music duo Pretty Lights ( Derek Vincent Smith and Michal Menert ) .
Flyin ' the Flannel is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band Firehose , released in 1991 , and the band 's first album after signing with the major label Columbia Records .
`` I Pity the Fool '' is a song originally recorded by Bobby Bland in 1961 for Duke Records .
Bridges to Babylon is the 21st British and 23rd American studio album by British rock band The Rolling Stones , released by Virgin Records on 29 September 1997 .
Summer in Paradise is the 27th studio album by American rock band the Beach Boys , released on August 3 , 1992 on Brother Records .
Even Serpents Shine is the second studio album by English power pop band The Only Ones , released in 1979 by Columbia Records .
Yeah ! ! ! ( or Aretha Franklin In Person With Her Quartet ) is the eighth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin , Released on May 17 , 1965 by Columbia Records .
A Burn or a Shiver is an Edison Glass album that was released on April 4 , 2006 by Credential Recordings .
TG Now is an album by English industrial band Throbbing Gristle , released in 2004 through record label Industrial Records .
EMI Music Japan released a TV commercial and a Japanese Hadise website to promote the Belgian Turkish singer , this made Düm Tek Tek a hit in the Japanese charts .
Den vassa eggen is the ninth studio album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell and was released on October 21 , 1985 , through Pandion .
Osibirock is the fifth studio album by British Afro - pop band Osibisa released in 1974 by Warner Bros. Records K56048 and WEA International WE 835 .
The Ballad of Calico was the eighth studio album by Kenny Rogers and the First Edition and released as Reprise Records 6476 .
`` Yearning for Your Love '' is a quiet storm ballad recorded and released by The Gap Band on Mercury Records .
Come Home with Me is the third studio album by Harlem rapper Cam'ron , it is also his debut on Roc - A - Fella Records .
No One Deserves to Be Here More Than Me is a full - length LP released by Philadelphia hardcore band Blacklisted on Deathwish Inc. on December 1 , 2009 .
Vatican Nitez is an album by Global Goon released on Rephlex Records .
Note Worker is the fourth studio album by guitarist Frank Gambale , released in 1991 through Victor Entertainment and reissued on 24 April 2001 through Samson Records .
Due to this , Columbia Records ceased promotion of this single ( accounting for its rather low chart placing ) and rush - released `` If You Leave Me Now '' seven weeks after the release of `` Another Rainy Day in New York City '' .
The Bell and the Hammer , is the third album released by This Day and Age on its label One Eleven Records .
Drop It in Their Laps is the first full length release from The Cops on their new label , Inertia recordings .
Underneath the Laughter is a 1993 Leæther Strip album released by Zoth Ommog Records ( CD ZOT 103 ) .
Olidous Operettas is the second full - length album from The County Medical Examiners , as well as their first on Relapse Records .
`` Autostop / Love Is a Lonely Weekend '' is a limited edition single by Greek singer - songwriter Anna Vissi released in May 2006 by her former label Minos EMI .
Barricades & Brickwalls is the second studio album by Australian country music singer Kasey Chambers released in Australia on 3 September 2001 by Essence Records and on 12 February 2002 on Warner Bros. Records in the U.S. The album was mainly written by Chambers with help from Worm Werchon and her father Bill Chambers .
Dawn of Reprisal is the second album by Malefice released in February 2009 on Metal Blade Records , produced by WellerHill .
`` Still Water ( Love ) '' is a 1970 hit single written by Smokey Robinson and Frank Wilson , who also produced the track for Motown singing group The Four Tops , who took the song to the top ten of the UK pop charts and to number 11 in the US pop chart .
Victims of Deception is the second album by the US thrash metal band Heathen , which was released in 1991 by Roadrunner Records .
The Best of Two Worlds was released by Columbia Records in 1976 to feature Stan Getz in a reunion with João Gilberto .
15 Again is the third album by French electronic duo Cassius , released in September 2006 by record label EMI .
The Hazards of Love is the fifth album by the American indie rock band The Decemberists , released through Capitol Records and Rough Trade in 2009 .
Satisfied Mind is the sixth album by The Walkabouts released in 1993 on Sub Pop Records .
The Way the Wind Blows is the third studio album by A Hawk and a Hacksaw , released in 2006 on The Leaf Label .
Game Tested , Streets Approved is the third studio album by Black Rob , released on July 26 , 2011 through Duck Down Music Inc. The album managed to peak at number 44 on the Billboard Top R&B / Hip - Hop Albums .
Broadcasting from Home is the fourth album by the Penguin Cafe Orchestra , and was released in 1984 on E.G. Records .
Liquid Tension Experiment 2 is the second and final studio album by instrumental rock / progressive metal supergroup Liquid Tension Experiment , released on June 15 , 1999 through Magna Carta Records .
`` I Wish It Would Rain '' is a 1967 song recorded by the Temptations for the Motown label ( under the `` Gordy '' imprint ) and produced by Norman Whitfield .
While the album was released by Fat Wreck Chords , the 7-inch singles for `` Cavalier Eternal '' and `` Sink , Florida , Sink '' were released by the band 's previous label No Idea Records , using alternate versions of the songs that differ from the versions on the album .
Globe of Frogs is the seventh album released by Robyn Hitchcock and his fourth with his backing band The Egyptians , released on A&M Records in 1988 .
Rick Wakeman 's Criminal Record is the seventh studio album by English keyboardist Rick Wakeman , released in November 1977 on A&M Records .
Doe or Die is the debut studio album by rapper AZ , released October 10 , 1995 on EMI Records .
Rendezvous in New York is an album by American pianist Chick Corea , released on April 22 , 2003 , on Corea 's own Stretch Records , as a two - CD set .
VVRSSNN , released on K Records in 2003 , is the only full - length album made by musician Adam Forkner under the band name VVRSSNN ( pronounced Version ) .
Kindless is the debut album by Israeli technical death metal band Eternal Gray , released through Listenable Records on December 6 , 2002 .
It was released on 28 September 1987 by Mute Records , and was supported by the Music for the Masses Tour .
Dru World Order is the third studio album by American R&B group Dru Hill , released in late 2002 ( see 2002 in music ) on Def Jam Recordings ' Def Soul imprint .
The Mystery of Life is the 77th album by country singer Johnny Cash , released in 1991 , and his last for Mercury Records .
`` Theme from Mahogany ( Do You Know Where You 're Going To ) '' is a song written by Michael Masser and Gerald Goffin , and recorded by American singers Thelma Houston in 1973 , and most notably Diana Ross as the theme to the 1975 Motown / Paramount film Mahogany .
Cognicide is Western Addiction 's first full - length album and was released on Fat Wreck Chords in 2005 .
The World Is a Ghetto is the fifth album by the band War , released in late 1972 on United Artists Records .
Virtual State is Richard H. Kirk 's first solo album for Warp Records .
Elements Pt . 2 is the tenth studio album by power metal band Stratovarius , released on 4 November 2003 through Nuclear Blast .
Sou de Qualquer Lugar ( English : I 'm from Anywhere ) is the sixth studio album by Brazilian singer Daniela Mercury , released on November 20 , 2001 on RCA Records .
`` I Build This Garden for Us '' is the second single by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz from his début album , Let Love Rule , and released in 1990 by Virgin Records America .
`` You Got the Floor '' was a jazz - funk dance single by American guitarist and singer Arthur Adams .
Heads Are Gon na Roll is the second album by the Los Angeles , California ska band The Hippos , released in 1999 by Interscope Records .
Fairytales of Slavery is the penultimate release by Miranda Sex Garden , issued on Mute Records in June 1994 .
Our Love to Admire is the third studio album by the American rock band Interpol , released on July 10 , 2007 on Capitol Records .
The Great Awake ( Fat Wreck Chords / Union Label Group ) is the second full - length studio release by The Flatliners .
Low on Ice ( The Iceland Sessions ) is a 1995 album by German electronic artist Alec Empire , the third of five released on the Mille Plateaux label .
Sings Precious Memories is the fifth gospel and 50th overall album by country singer Johnny Cash , released in 1975 on Columbia Records .
Dear Friends and Gentle Hearts is the fifth studio album by Oakland punk band American Steel , released on Fat Wreck Chords on July 21 , 2009 .
Epistel No 5 ( released September 28 , 2012 by the label Inner Ear / Musikkkoperatørene - INEA 16 ) is an studio album by Vigleik Storaas Trio .
Violence in the Snowy Fields is the second full - length by Dolorean , released in 2004 on Yep Roc Records .
`` Tomorrow ( Voulez - vous un rendez - vous ) '' is a song by Italian punk rock band CCCP Fedeli alla linea , released in 1988 by Virgin Records .
`` The Stones I Throw ( Will Free All Men ) '' was the A - side to the 1965 single by Levon and the Hawks , released on Atco Records .
`` Touch My Body '' was eventually chosen as the lead single through a vote in between the record executives at Island Records , with the final choices being the former and `` I 'm That Chick '' ( titled `` I 'm That Chick You Like '' at that point ) .
Thing - Fish is an album by Frank Zappa , originally released as a triple album box set on Barking Pumpkin Records in 1984 .
Pleased to Meet Me is the fifth studio album by the American rock band The Replacements , released in 1987 by Sire Records .
Attak , the first KMFDM album following a three - year hiatus , was released in 2002 on Metropolis Records and is the group 's twelfth studio album overall .
`` You Ca n't Stop a Tattler '' is a gospel blues song written by Washington Phillips ( 1880 - -1954 ) and recorded by him for Columbia Records in 1929 ( vocals and zither ) .
Love Behind the Melody is the second studio album by American R&B recording artist Raheem DeVaughn , released on January 15 , 2008 by Jive Records .
Hymns for the Exiled is the second album by American folksinger Anais Mitchell , released in 2004 on Waterbug Records .
`` Bigbang is V.I.P '' or `` La La La '' , is the second single by South Korean hip hop boy band Big Bang , released by YG Entertainment in 2006 .
Released on April 8 , 1997 through Suave House and Relativity Records , Conflicts & Confusion easily became Crime Boss ' most successful album , peaking at 25 on the Billboard 200 .
Money EP is an EP by Ringside .
Engraved in Black is the fourth studio album by the symphonic black metal band Graveworm , released in 2003 through Nuclear Blast .
Yessongs is the first live album from the English progressive rock band Yes , released as a triple album in May 1973 on Atlantic Records .
Doing His Thing is a 1969 studio album by Ray Charles , released by Tangerine Records .
Umbrellowhead is a collection of songs from other bands that the eleven members of Bellowhead also play in as well as some solo material from the individual artists .
Tomahawk Technique is the fifth studio album by Jamaican dancehall recording artist Sean Paul , released through Atlantic Records ( Warner Music Group ) from 24 January 2012 .
Peppermint Candy ( Hangul : 박하사탕 ; RR : Pakha Satang ) is a 1999 film , the second from South Korean director Lee Chang - dong .
La presidenta municipal ( `` The Municipal President '' ) is a 1975 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco , Adalberto Martínez `` Resortes '' , and Pancho Córdova .
The Curse of the Hidden Vault ( German : Die Gruft mit dem Rätselschloß ) is a 1964 black and white West German crime film directed by Franz Josef Gottlieb and starring Harald Leipnitz .
Space Truckers is a 1996 American - British - Irish comic science fiction film directed by Stuart Gordon and starring Dennis Hopper , Stephen Dorff , Debi Mazar and Charles Dance .
Deep Rising is a 1998 American action horror film directed by Stephen Sommers and starring Treat Williams , Famke Janssen and Anthony Heald .
Dard Divorce is a German independent horror film directed by Olaf Ittenbach and stars Christopher Kiesa , Daryl Jackson and Martina Ittenbach .
A Song for Martin ( Swedish : En sång för Martin ) is a 2001 Swedish drama film directed by Danish Bille August and starring Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl .
Italian for Beginners ( Danish : Italiensk for begyndere ) is a 2000 Danish romantic comedy film written and directed by Lone Scherfig .
The Valley of Gwangi is a 1969 American western - fantasy film directed by Jim O'Connolly and written by William Bast .
Smokin ' Aces is a 2006 British - American action - crime film written and directed by Joe Carnahan .
Your Sister 's Sister is a 2011 American comedy - drama film written and directed by Lynn Shelton and starring Emily Blunt , Rosemarie DeWitt , and Mark Duplass .
Brimstone and Treacle is a 1976 BBC television play by Dennis Potter .
The Three Pilots ( Italian : I tre aquilotti ) is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Michela Belmonte .
Catlow is a 1971 western film , based on a 1963 novel of the same name by Louis L'Amour .
Assault on Wall Street ( also known as Attack on Wall Street and formerly known as Bailout : The Age of Greed ) is a 2013 drama thriller film written and directed by Uwe Boll , and starring Dominic Purcell .
Young Sherlock Holmes ( also titled as Young Sherlock Holmes and the Pyramid of Fear ) is a 1985 American mystery adventure film directed by Barry Levinson and written by Chris Columbus , based on the characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
My Friend the King is a 1932 British comedy film , directed by Michael Powell and starring Jerry Verno .
Transport from Paradise ( Czech : Transport z ráje ) is a 1962 Czech drama film directed by Zbyněk Brynych .
The Greatest of All ( Italian : I più grandi di tutti ) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Virzì .
Saivam ( English : Vegetarian ) is a 2014 Tamil drama film written , directed and produced by A. L. Vijay .
The One with Rachel 's Date was directed by Gary Halvorson and co - written by Brian Buckner and Sebastian Jones .
Junior Bonner is a 1972 film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Steve McQueen , Joe Don Baker , Robert Preston and Ida Lupino .
Summer in Bethlehem is a 1998 Malayalam film written by Ranjith and directed by Sibi Malayil .
Something Like Happiness ( Czech title : Štěstí ) is a 2005 Czech movie directed by Bohdan Sláma .
Gangster Squad is a 2013 American crime film directed by Ruben Fleischer and written by Will Beall .
The Serpent 's Way ( Swedish : Ormens väg på hälleberget ) is a 1986 Swedish drama film directed by Bo Widerberg .
Nobody Else But You ( French : Poupoupidou ) is a 2011 French thriller≈ film directed by Gérald Hustache - Mathieu .
Turn the River is a film that was written and directed by Chris Eigeman .
Without Anesthesia ( alternative English title : Rough Treatment ) is the English - language title for the Polish film Bez znieczulenia , released in 1978 , directed by Andrzej Wajda .
I 've Always Loved You is a 1946 American drama film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Borden Chase .
Camille Rewinds ( French : Camille redouble ) is a 2012 French drama film directed by Noémie Lvovsky .
Somersault in a Coffin ( Turkish : Tabutta Rövaşata ) is a 1996 Turkish film ) ) , written and directed by Derviş Zaim , about a homeless criminal and car thief .
Wayne 's World 2 is a 1993 American comedy film starring Mike Myers and Dana Carvey as hosts of a public - access television cable TV show in Aurora , Illinois .
De 5 i fedtefadet ( German : ' 5 Freunde in der Tinte ' ) is a Danish - German film directed by Katrine Hedman based on Enid Blyton 's Five Get into Trouble .
22 Jump Street is a 2014 American action comedy film directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller , produced by and starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum , and written by Michael Bacall , Oren Uziel , and Rodney Rothman .
Chongqing Blues ( Chinese : 日照重慶 , pinyin : Rizhao Chongqing ; literally Sunshine over Chongqing ) is a 2010 Chinese drama film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai .
A Woman on Fire ( Italian : Brucia , ragazzo , brucia , also known as Burn , Boy , Burn ) is a 1969 Italian erotic - drama film written and directed by Fernando Di Leo .
On the Way to School ( Turkish : İki Dil Bir Bavul ) is a 2008 Turkish documentary film directed by Orhan Eskiköy and Özgür Doğan .
The Caretaker is a play in three acts by Harold Pinter .
People on Sunday ( German : Menschen am Sonntag ) is a 1930 German silent drama film directed by Curt and Robert Siodmak from a screenplay by Billy Wilder .
The Outside Man ( Un homme est mort ) is a 1972 French thriller set in Los Angeles , directed by Jacques Deray and starring Jean - Louis Trintignant , Ann - Margret , Roy Scheider , and Angie Dickinson .
It 's Not Just You , Murray ! ( 1964 ) is a short film directed by Martin Scorsese .
Kobe Doin' Work is a 2009 documentary film directed by Spike Lee .
Jusqu'au bout de la nuit ( `` until the end of the night '' ) is a 1995 French drama film directed by Gérard Blain , starring Blain and Anicée Alvina .
At the Devil 's Door ( originally titled Home ) is a 2014 American horror film directed by Nicholas McCarthy .
Close to Leo ( French : Tout contre Léo ) is a 2002 French TV film directed by Christophe Honoré and based on his 1996 novel for young adults .
Lulu on the Bridge is a 1998 American romantic - mystery drama film written and directed by author Paul Auster and starring Harvey Keitel , Mira Sorvino , and Willem Dafoe .
The Power of Few is a feature film directed , written and co - produced by American filmmaker Leone Marucci .
Une chance sur deux is a French film directed by Patrice Leconte , released in 1998 , and starring Jean - Paul Belmondo , Alain Delon and Vanessa Paradis .
Bravo Acrobat ! ( German : Akrobat Schööön ! ) is a 1943 German comedy film directed by Wolfgang Staudte and starring Charlie Rivel , Clara Tabody and Karl Schönböck .
Blue Hawaii is a 1961 American musical romantic comedy film set in the state of Hawaii and starring Elvis Presley .
Shock Corridor is a 1963 film , directed and written by Samuel Fuller .
Do n't Let Them Shoot the Kite ( Turkish : Uçurtmayı Vurmasınlar ) is a 1989 Turkish drama film , co - written , co - produced and directed by Tunç Başaran based on a story by Feride Çiçekoğlu , featuring Nur Sürer as a female political prisoners who befriends the child of a fellow inmate .
Le Beau Mariage ( The Good Marriage ) is a 1982 French film directed by Éric Rohmer , starring Béatrice Romand , André Dussollier , Féodor Atkine .
Frankenstein 90 is a 1984 French comedy film directed , produced and written by Alain Jessua .
Where 's Firuze ? ( Turkish : Neredesin Firuze ? ) is a 2004 Turkish comedy film directed by Ezel Akay and written by Levent Kazak .
Le Chat et la souris ( US title : Cat and Mouse , also known as Seven Suspects for Murder ) is a 1975 French mystery film directed and written by Claude Lelouch .
Heroic Times ( Hungarian : Daliás idők ) is a 1984 Hungarian animated versace historical epic film directed by József Gémes .
Nine Months is a 1995 romantic comedy film directed by Chris Columbus .
Amélie ( French : Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain ; French pronunciation : ​(lə.fa.by.lø.dɛs.tɛ̃.da.me.li.puˈlɛ̃ ) ; The Fabulous Destiny of Amélie Poulain ) is a 2001 romantic comedy film directed by Jean - Pierre Jeunet .
Singam II is a 2013 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Hari .
`` Sticky Wicket '' was episode # 21 of the first season of the TV series M*A*S*H. written by Richard Baer with the teleplay written by Laurence Marks and Larry Gelbart , it originally aired on CBS - TV on March 4 , 1973 .
Ay Lav Yu is a 2010 Turkish comedy film , written and directed by Sermiyan Midyat , about a young man who having completed his education returns to his home village along with his American bride - to - be .
Cop or Hood ( French : Flic ou voyou ) is a 1979 French crime and action film directed by Georges Lautner .
L'Auberge Espagnole ( /l oʊˈbɛərʒ ˌɛspənˈjoʊl , -pæ-/ ; literally : `` the Spanish inn '' ; released in some English - speaking territories as Pot Luck or The Spanish Apartment ) is a 2002 French - Spanish film directed and written by Cédric Klapisch .
Die Tapferen Haende i m Chaos der Zeit ( Valiant Hands in the Chaos of Time ) is a 2013 short film ( Docufiction ) written and directed by Mika'ela Fisher .
Me , Myself and Mum ( French : Les Garçons et Guillaume , à table ! ) is a 2013 French autobiographical coming of age comedy film written , directed by and starring Guillaume Gallienne .
108 Demon Kings ( French : 108 Rois - Démons ) is a 2014 computer - animated family adventure film directed by Pascal Morelli .
Run Lola Run ( German : Lola rennt , literally `` Lola runs '' or `` Lola is running '' ) is a 1998 German thriller film written and directed by Tom Tykwer and starring Franka Potente as Lola and Moritz Bleibtreu as Manni .
Saving Mr. Banks is a 2013 period drama film directed by John Lee Hancock from a screenplay written by Kelly Marcel and Sue Smith .
What 's the World Coming To ? , also known as A Furious Future , is a 1926 American silent film featuring Stan Laurel .
Garibaldi 's Lovers ( Italian : Il comandante e la cicogna , also known as The Commander and the Stork ) is a 2012 Italian comedy film directed by Silvio Soldini .
Monte Carlo Baby is a 1952 British - French comedy film co - directed by Jean Boyer and Lester Fuller .
Timecop is a 1994 science fiction action film directed by Peter Hyams and co - written by Mike Richardson and Mark Verheiden .
Saved from the Titanic is a 1912 American silent motion picture short starring Dorothy Gibson , an American film actress who survived the sinking of the RMS Titanic on April 15 , 1912 .
Rules of Dating ( Hangul : 연애의 목적 ; RR : Yeonae - ui mokjeok ) is a 2005 South Korean film starring Park Hae - il and Kang Hye - jung , and is the directorial debut of filmmaker Han Jae - rim .
The Lady Consents is a 1936 American melodrama film directed by Stephen Roberts from a screenplay by P. J. Wolfson and Anthony Veiller , from Wolfson 's story , `` The Indestructible Mrs. Talbot '' .
The Masked Lover ( Czech : Maskovaná milenka ) is a 1940 Czechoslovak historical drama film directed by Otakar Vávra .
Le Frisson des Vampires ( English title : The Shiver of the Vampires ) is a 1971 film directed by Jean Rollin .
Analyze This is a 1999 gangster comedy film directed by Harold Ramis , who co - wrote the screenplay with playwright Kenneth Lonergan and Peter Tolan .
L'aventure , c'est l'aventure is a 1972 French film directed by Claude Lelouch .
Goldface , the Fantastic Superman ( Italian : Goldface , Il fantastico superman , Spanish : Goldface , also known as Cara de oro and El fantástico superman ) is an Italian - Spanish co - production superhero - adventure film directed by Bitto Albertini .
Red Hook Summer is a 2012 American film co - written and directed by Spike Lee .
The Biggest Heroes ( Danish : De største helte ) is a 1996 Danish comedy / road movie film directed by Thomas Vinterberg .
Hassan and Nayima ( Arabic : حسن ونعيمة‎ , translit . Hassan wa Nayima ) is a 1959 Egyptian drama film directed by Henry Barakat .
The Local Stigmatic is based on a stage play by Heathcote Williams .
Two Gentlemen Sharing is a 1969 British drama film directed by Ted Kotcheff , written by Evan Jones and starring Robin Phillips , Judy Geeson , Esther Anderson , Hal Frederick , Norman Rossington and Rachel Kempson .
Murder in the Central Committee ( Spanish : Asesinato en el Comité Central ) is a 1982 Spanish thriller film directed by Vicente Aranda .
Tur & retur ( `` Round - trip '' ) is a 2003 Swedish comedy film , directed and written by Ella Lemhagen .
Out 1 is a 1971 film directed by Jacques Rivette , one of the major filmmakers of the French New Wave .
Il seduttore ( traslation : The Seducer ) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Franco Rossi .
Tropical Malady ( Thai : สัตว์ประหลาด or Sud pralad ; RTGS : Satpralat ; lit . `` monster '' ) is a 2004 Thai romantic psychological drama film directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul .
Star Trek Into Darkness is a 2013 American science fiction action film directed by J.J. Abrams and written by Roberto Orci , Alex Kurtzman and Damon Lindelof .
How to Drown Dr. Mracek , the Lawyer ( Czech : Jak utopit dr . Mráčka aneb Konec vodníků v Čechách ) is a Czech comedy film directed by Václav Vorlíček .
The Great Race is a 1965 American slapstick comedy Technicolor film starring Jack Lemmon , Tony Curtis , and Natalie Wood , directed by Blake Edwards , written by Blake Edwards and Arthur A. Ross , and with music by Henry Mancini and cinematography by Russell Harlan .
Mrs Henderson Presents is a 2005 British comedy film written by American playwright Martin Sherman and directed by Stephen Frears .
A Hole in My Heart ( Swedish : Ett hål i mitt hjärta ) is a 2004 Swedish experimental drama film written and directed by Lukas Moodysson , starring Thorsten Flinck , Sanna Bråding , Björn Almroth and Goran Marjanovic .
Of Life and Love ( Italian : Questa è la vita ) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Aldo Fabrizi , Giorgio Pastina , Mario Soldati and Luigi Zampa .
Venice , the Moon and You ( Italian : Venezia , la luna e tu ) is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi .
Provincial Actors ( Polish : Aktorzy prowincjonalni ) is a 1979 Polish drama film directed by Agnieszka Holland .
Cadences obstinées ( Portuguese : Cadências Obstinadas ) is a 2013 French - Portuguese romance film directed by Fanny Ardant .
The World 's Greatest Lover is a 1977 comedy film directed , written by and starring Gene Wilder , and co - starring Carol Kane .
500 Days of Summer ( stylized as ( 500 ) Days of Summer ) is a 2009 American romantic comedy - drama film directed by Marc Webb from a screenplay written by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber , and produced by Mark Waters .
Veetula Raman Veliyila Krishnan ( Tamil : வீட்டுல ராமன் வெளியிலே கிருஷ்ணன் ) is a 1983 Indian Tamil film , directed by Manivannan and produced by Panchu Arunachalam .
Ferris Bueller 's Day Off is a 1986 American comedy film written , produced and directed by John Hughes .
My Cousin Vinny is a 1992 American comedy film written by Dale Launer and directed by Jonathan Lynn .
Lars and the Real Girl is a 2007 American - Canadian comedy - drama film written by Nancy Oliver and directed by Craig Gillespie .
Ma chi t'ha dato la patente ? ( But who gave you your license ? ) is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Nando Cicero .
Vi hade i alla fall tur med vädret -- igen ( `` We were at least lucky with the weather -- again '' ) is a Swedish comedy film by Kjell - Åke Andersson which had premiere on 5 December 2008 .
I Only Want You To Love Me ( German : Ich will doch nur , daß ihr mich liebt ) is a 1976 West German television movie written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder , and starring Vitus Zeplichal and Elke Aberle .
An Unmarried Woman is a 1978 American comedy - drama film written and directed by Paul Mazursky , and starring Jill Clayburgh .
Karin 's Face ( Swedish title : Karins ansikte ) is a 14-minute film directed by Ingmar Bergman focusing on Bergman 's mother , Karin .
The Triplets of Belleville ( French : Les Triplettes de Belleville ) is a 2003 animated comedy film written and directed by Sylvain Chomet .
The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore is a 2011 animated short film directed by William Joyce and Brandon Oldenburg , and produced by Moonbot Studios in Shreveport , Louisiana .
Garage Days is a 2002 Australian film directed by Alex Proyas and written by Proyas , Dave Warner and Michael Udesky .
Beyond the Hills ( Romanian : După dealuri ) is a 2012 Romanian drama film directed by Cristian Mungiu , starring Cristina Flutur and Cosmina Stratan .
Eyes Behind the Stars ( Italian : Occhi dalle stelle ) is a 1978 Italian sci - fi film directed by Mario Gariazzo ( here credited as Roy Garrett ) .
La tigre dei sette mari , internationally released as Tiger of the Seven Seas , is a 1962 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano .
A Happy Event ( French : Un heureux événement ) is a 2011 French - Belgian comedy - drama film directed by Rémi Bezançon .
Fluttering Hearts is a 1927 American film featuring Charley Chase , Oliver Hardy , and Eugene Pallette .
The Boy Who Stole a Million is a 1960 British comedy thriller film directed by Charles Crichton .
Naan Pesa Ninaipathellam is a 1993 Tamil language drama film directed by Vikraman .
A Man and a Woman : 20 Years Later ( French : Un homme et une femme , 20 ans déjà ) is a 1986 French drama film directed by Claude Lelouch and is a sequel to Lelouch 's 1966 film Un homme et une femme .
A Hoof Here , a Hoof There ( Czech : Kopytem sem , kopytem tam ) is a Czech drama film directed by Věra Chytilová .
Air Mata Iboe ( Perfected spelling : Air Mata Ibu ; Malay for A Mother 's Tears ) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) directed and written by Njoo Cheong Seng .
Sesso e volentieri is a 1982 Italian anthology - comedy film directed by Dino Risi .
Un amore a Roma ( internationally released as Love in Rome ) is a 1960 Italian romantic drama film directed by Dino Risi .
Queen to Play ( original title Joueuse , literally the feminine form of `` player '' ) is a 2009 French - German film directed by Caroline Bottaro .
The Daytrippers is a 1996 independent drama film written and directed by Greg Mottola .
Cabaret Balkan is a 1998 Serbian film directed by Goran Paskaljević starring Miki Manojlović and Nebojša Glogovac .
The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Michael Bortman and Allison Burnett , based on a Los Angeles Times Magazine article entitled Resurrecting the Champ , by author J.R. Moehringer .
Orchestra Rehearsal ( Italian : Prova d'orchestra ) is a 1978 Italian satirical film directed by Federico Fellini .
The French Detective ( French : Adieu poulet ) is a 1975 French film directed by Pierre Granier - Deferre , and scripted by Francis Veber from a novel by Raf Vallet .
Letters to Father Jacob ( Finnish : Postia pappi Jaakobille ) is a 2009 Finnish drama film written and directed by Klaus Härö .
Lenin in Poland ( Russian : Ленин в Польше , translit . Lenin v Polshe ) is a 1966 Soviet drama film directed by Sergei Yutkevich .
Private Confessions ( Swedish : Enskilda samtal ) is a 1996 Swedish drama film directed by Liv Ullmann and written by Ingmar Bergman .
Night of the Seagulls ( La Noche de las gaviotas ; UK video title : Do n't Go Out at Night ) ( 1975 ) is a Spanish horror film written and directed by Amando de Ossorio .
Na kometě ( literally On the Comet ) is a 1970 Czech film directed by Karel Zeman , based on Jules Verne 's novel Hector Servadac .
Pootie Tang is a 2001 American comedy film written and directed by Louis C.K. Adapted from a comedy sketch that first appeared on The Chris Rock Show , the character Pootie Tang is a satire of the stereotyped characters who appeared in old blaxploitation films .
Directed by Stuart Gordon and produced by Brian Yuzna , it was the first film in the Re - Animator ( film series ) .
A Small Town Idol is a 1921 American silent film feature comedy produced by Mack Sennett and released through Associated First National .
Giulia Does n't Date at Night ( Italian : Giulia non esce la sera ) is a 2009 Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe Piccioni and starring Valerio Mastandrea as Guido and Valeria Golino as the title character , Giulia .
`` Welcome to Briarcliff '' is written by executive producer Tim Minear and directed by co - executive producer Bradley Buecker .
RocknRolla is a 2008 British crime comedy film written and directed by Guy Ritchie , and starring Gerard Butler , Tom Wilkinson , Thandie Newton , Mark Strong , Idris Elba , Tom Hardy , Jimi Mistry and Toby Kebbell .
Sono stato io ( internationally released as It Was I ) is a 1973 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada .
Çanakkale 1915 ( English : Gallipoli 1915 ) is a 2012 Turkish historical drama film directed by Yesim Sezgin as screen - written by Turgut Özakman based upon his own 2008 novel Diriliş :
House of Tolerance ( French : L'Apollonide : Souvenirs de la maison close , also known as House of Pleasures ) , is 2011 French drama film directed by Bertrand Bonello , starring Céline Sallette , Hafsia Herzi , Jasmine Trinca , Adèle Haenel , Alice Barnole , Iliana Zabeth and Noémie Lvovsky .
Our Short Life ( German : Unser kurzes Leben ) is a 1981 East German drama film directed by Lothar Warneke .
Zavallılar is a film directed by Yılmaz Güney and written by Yılmaz Güney and Atıf Yılmaz .
Where the Truth Lies is a 2005 British - Canadian erotic thriller film written and directed by Atom Egoyan .
Strictly Ballroom is a 1992 Australian romantic comedy film directed and co - written by Baz Luhrmann .
Pourquoi viens - tu si tard ? ( also known as Why Do You Come So Late ? or US title : Too Late to Love ) is a 1959 French drama film directed by Henri Decoin who co - wrote screenplay with Pierre Roustang , Albert Valentin and Michel Audiard ( dialogue ) .
At Five in the Afternoon ( Persian : پنج عصر , Panj é asr‎ ) is a 2003 film by Iranian writer - director Samira Makhmalbaf .
Villadhi Villain is a 1995 Tamil Action film directed by Sathyaraj starring himself in three distinct roles .
Finding Forrester is a 2000 American drama film written by Mike Rich and directed by Gus Van Sant .
Visions of Light is a 1992 documentary film directed by Arnold Glassman , Todd McCarthy and Stuart Samuels .
The first outline for Ohm Krüger was begun in September 1940 by Hans Steinhoff and Harald Bratt .
Le glaive et la balance ( AKA Two are Guilty ) is a 1963 French - Italian drama film directed by André Cayatte .
The Nutty Professor is a 1963 American comic science fiction feature film produced , directed , co - written ( with Bill Richmond ) and starring Jerry Lewis .
In Time with You ( Chinese : 我可能不會愛你 ; literally : `` I might not love you '' ) is a 2011 Taiwanese drama written by Mag Hsu ( 徐譽庭 ) and directed by Winnie Chu ( 瞿友寧 ) .
Le braghe del padrone is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini and starring Enrico Montesano .
A Nightmare ( French : Le cauchemar ) is a short silent trick film created and released in 1896 and directed by Georges Méliès .
Mohabbatein ( Hindi : मोहब्बतें , English : Love Stories ) is a 2000 Indian musical romantic drama film directed by Aditya Chopra .
L'istruttoria è chiusa : dimentichi ( internationally released as The Case Is Closed , Forget It ) is a 1971 Italian crime drama film directed by Damiano Damiani .
Triumph of the Will ( German : Triumph des Willens ) is a 1935 German propaganda film directed , produced , edited , and co - written by Leni Riefenstahl .
Lesa Lesa ( Tamil : லேசா லேசா ) is a 2003 Tamil film directed by Priyadarshan and produced by Vikram Singh .
Ombyte av tåg ( English : Change of Train ) is a 1943 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman .
The Black Viper ( aka La vipère noire in France ) is a 1908 film directed by D. W. Griffith .
The story was adapted for the screen by Max Marcin , with a screenplay by Louise Long and Ethel Doherty and titles by George Marion , Jr. Rough House Rosie is now presumed lost but a 54-second trailer survives
The Taking of Tiger Mountain ( Chinese : 智取威虎山 ) is a 2014 Chinese - Hong Kong 3D epic action film directed by Tsui Hark , produced by Huang Jianxin and Yu Dong , and based on the novel Tracks in the Snowy Forest by Qu Bo .
Miracle of Flight is a 1974 short animated comedy film written and directed by Terry Gilliam .
A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III is a 2013 American comedy film directed , written and produced by Roman Coppola .
Father 's Dilemma ( Italian : Prima comunione ) is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti .
Our Relations is a 1936 feature film starring Laurel and Hardy , produced by Stan Laurel for Hal Roach Studios .
Next Stop , Greenwich Village is a 1976 drama film , set in the early 1950s , written and directed by Paul Mazursky , featuring , amongst others , Lenny Baker , Shelley Winters , Ellen Greene , Lois Smith , and Christopher Walken .
A Self Made Hero ( French : Un héros très discret ) is a 1996 French film directed by Jacques Audiard .
The Olsen Gang in Jutland ( Danish : Olsen - banden i Jylland ) is a 1971 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe .
She 's Been Away is a 1989 British television play by Stephen Poliakoff and directed by Sir Peter Hall .
Un Kannil Neer Vazhindal ( English : ( lit . ) If tears well up in your eyes ) is a 1985 Tamil film written and directed by Balu Mahendra .
Jadup and Boel ( German : Jadup und Boel ) is a 1980 East German drama film directed by Rainer Simon .
Without Leaving an Address ( French : ... Sans laisser d'adresse ) is a 1951 French comedy film directed by Jean - Paul Le Chanois .
Do n't Come Knocking is a 2005 film , a comedy - drama road movie directed by German director Wim Wenders and written by Wenders and actor / playwright Sam Shepard .
Taxi Driver is a 1976 American vigilante film with neo - noir and psychological thriller elements , directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Paul Schrader .
The Red Girl is a 1908 American silent short Western film directed by D. W. Griffith .
According to the DVD commentary , `` Free Willzyx '' was a `` very last minute '' episode because the season was nearing its end and Trey Parker and Matt Stone had `` no ideas '' .
Holy Water Joe ( Italian : Acquasanta Joe ) is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Mario Gariazzo .
Troppo forte ( also known as Great , He 's Too Much and Too Much ) is a 1986 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Verdone .
Oru Vadakkan Veeragatha ( Malayalam : ഒരു വടക്കന്‍ വീരഗാഥ , English : A Northern Story Of Valor ) is a 1989 epic Malayalam film directed by Hariharan , written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair , and starring Mammootty , Balan K. Nair , Suresh Gopi , Madhavi , Geetha and Captain Raju .
Slacker Uprising is a movie of Michael Moore 's tour of colleges in swing states during the 2004 election , with a goal to encourage 18- to 29-year - olds to vote , and the response it received .
Sólo Con Tu Pareja ( literally `` Only with your partner '' , released in English - speaking markets as Love in the Time of Hysteria ) is a 1991 Mexican film by Alfonso Cuarón .
They All Laughed is a 1981 film directed by Peter Bogdanovich and starring Audrey Hepburn , Ben Gazzara , John Ritter , Colleen Camp , Patti Hansen , and Dorothy Stratten .
The Big Family ( Italian : L'onorata famiglia - Uccidere è cosa nostra ) is a 1973 Italian mafia film written and directed by Tonino Ricci and starring Raymond Pellegrin , Simonetta Stefanelli and Richard Conte .
Little Nicky is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Steven Brill .
A Good Man in Africa is a 1994 film , based on William Boyd 's 1981 novel A Good Man in Africa and directed by Bruce Beresford .
Café Flesh is a 1982 post - apocalyptic cult pornographic science fiction film designed and directed by Stephen Sayadian ( under the pseudonym `` Rinse Dream '' ) and co - written by Sayadian and Jerry Stahl ( credited as `` Herbert W. Day '' ) .
The Family Man is a 2000 American romantic comedy - drama film directed by Brett Ratner , written by David Diamond and David Weissman , and starring Nicolas Cage and Téa Leoni .
Confessions of a Frustrated Housewife ( Italian : La moglie di mio padre ) is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Andrea Bianchi and starring Carroll Baker .
The Amusements of Private Life ( Italian : I divertimenti della vita privata , French : Les amusements de la vie privée ) ) is a 1990 Italian - French comedy film directed by Cristina Comencini .
`` Day of the Dumpster '' is the first episode of the American television program Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and the Power Rangers franchise .
`` Leslie 's House '' is the 14th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation , and the twentieth overall episode of the series .
Southbound Duckling is the 90th one reel animated Tom and Jerry short .
`` Branch Closing '' is the seventh episode of the third season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show 's 35th overall .
`` There 's Something About Harry '' is the tenth episode of the second season and twenty - second overall episode of the American television drama series Dexter , which first aired on 2 December 2007 on Showtime in the United States .
Thurston Harris ( July 11 , 1931 -- April 14 , 1990 ) was a male American singer , popular in the early to mid-1950s .
Milan Orlowski ( born 7 September 1952 in Prague ) is a male former table tennis player from Czechoslovakia .
Nikoleta Stefanova ( born 22 April 1984 ) is a Bulgarian - born female table tennis player competing for Italy .
Li Xiaoping ( Chinese : 李小平 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xiǎopíng ) is a male Chinese gymnast .
Maria Catalano ( born 27 February 1982 ) is a female English snooker player .
Randy Bolden ( born c. 1976 ) is an American former professional basketball player who is better known for his collegiate career at Texas Southern University between 1994 - -95 and 1997 - -98 .
MHK Kežmarok is a professional Slovak ice hockey team , currently for the first time playing in the Slovak Extraliga .
Legion Field is a stadium in Birmingham , Alabama , United States , primarily designed to be used as a venue for American football , but is occasionally used for other large outdoor events .
Calisia Kalisz is a Polish multi - sports club based in Kalisz , most notable for its women 's volleyball team , SSK Calisia Kalisz ( formerly Winiary Kalisz ) , playing in the Liga Siatkówki Kobiet ( Polish Women 's Volleyball League ) , which folded in 2010 .
Vicki Cardwell BEM ( née Hoffmann ) ( born 21 April 1955 , in Adelaide , South Australia ) is a former World No . 1 squash player from Australia .
Jake Kasdan is married to singer / songwriter Inara George of The Bird and the Bee .
Marshall Neilan had married actress Gertrude Bambrick in 1913 with whom he would have a son , Marshall Neilan , Jr ..
Monia Mazigh ( Arabic : منية مازيغ‎ ) ( born 1970 ) is a Canadian academic best known for her efforts to free her husband Maher Arar from a Syrian prison .
Lady Catherine Killigrew ( c. 1530 -- 27 December 1583 ) was an English gentlewoman and scholar , the wife of Sir Henry Killigrew .
Mary Horner Lyell ( 1808 - -1873 ) was a conchologist and geologist , and the wife of eminent geologist Charles Lyell , whom she assisted in his scientific work .
Jenny O'Hara has been married since 1986 to British - born American actor Nick Ullett .
Shiranthi Rajapaksa ( born Wickramasinghe ) is the wife of the sixth President of Sri Lanka , Mahinda Rajapaksa and the former First Lady of Sri Lanka .
Bernard Wolfe married the actress Dolores Michaels in Los Angeles on June 1 , 1964 .
Mildred Horn was a film critic and screenwriter , best known for her work on the Kroger Babb exploitation film Mom and Dad .
Alec Mazo is married to his long - time dancing partner dancer Edyta Śliwińska , a native of Poland .
Jane Weinberger ( March 29 , 1918 -- July 12 , 2009 ) was an American author , publisher and wife of Caspar Weinberger , the 15th United States Secretary of Defense .
Uta Hagen was married to José Ferrer from 1938 until 1948 .
Irina Aleksandrovna Ovtchinnikova ( Russian : Ирина Александровна Овчинникова ; 4 October 1904 -- 13 March 1990 ) was a white émigré who married the anthropologist Prince Peter of Greece and Denmark and assisted him in his research .
At the age of 30 , Laya Raki married the Australian actor Ron Randell in London .
Lugalanda was married to Baranamtarra , the daughter of a great landowner who had commercial connections with the queen of Adab .
Juriaen Pool ( 1665 , Amsterdam -- 1745 , Amsterdam ) , was an 18th - century painter from the Northern Netherlands best known as the husband of Rachel Ruysch .
Rúnar Freyr Gíslason ( born April 29 , 1973 in Iceland ) is an Icelandic actor and voice actor , who he was married to Icelandic singer and actress Selma Björnsdóttir .
Cecilia Caballero Blanco is the widow of the 24th President of Colombia , Alfonso López Michelsen , and served as First Lady of Colombia from 1974 to 1978 .
Sarah Lyttelton , Baroness Lyttelton ( née Spencer ) ( 29 July 1787 -- 13 April 1870 ) was a British courtier , governess to Edward VII of the United Kingdom , and wife of William Lyttelton , 3rd Baron Lyttelton .
Josephine Louis ( born 1930 ) is an American billionaire heiress , the widow of John J. Louis , Jr. , who served as the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom .
Her birth and death certificates both put the date at exactly one year later , on 3 July 1924 , as does a plaque unveiled in honour of Sue Ryder and Leonard Cheshire in Cavendish Church in Suffolk .
The 15 year old Maïwenn met director and producer Luc Besson in 1991 .
Princess Marie of Denmark , Countess of Monpezat , RE ( née Marie Agathe Odile Cavallier , born 6 February 1976 ) is the second wife of Prince Joachim of Denmark .
Lady Huang ( birth and death dates unknown ) , also known in fiction as Huang Yueying , was the wife of Zhuge Liang , chancellor and regent of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period .
She legally changed her name to Sheri Moon and later Sheri Moon Zombie after she married her longtime boyfriend Rob Zombie .
In the meantime , Cleopatra III established an alliance with one of the warring Syrian kings , Antiochus VIII Grypus , giving him Cleopatra Selene I as his wife .
Cheng Hong ( born 1957 ) is an English professor at the Capital University of Economics and Business and the wife of Li Keqiang , current Premier of the People 's Republic of China .
Ulrika Eleonora of Denmark ( 11 September 1656 -- 26 July 1693 ) was the Queen consort of Sweden as the spouse of King Charles XI of Sweden .
Irving Rosenthal was married to Gladys Shelley , a lyricist and composer of more than 300 songs , whose How Did He Look ? remained a favorite of New York night - club singers for more than 60 years .
Kunigunde of Sternberg ( Czech : Kunhuta ze Šternberka ; 18 November 1425 , Konopiště -- 19 November 1449 , Poděbrady ) was the first wife of George of Poděbrady , who later became King of Bohemia .
Kingman Douglass married Adele Astaire , daughter of Frederick E. Astaire , and sister of the celebrated Broadway and Hollywood actor and dancer Fred Astaire , on April 29 , 1947 .
Maryam Abacha ( born 4 March 1947 , Kaduna ) is the widow of Sani Abacha , de facto President of Nigeria from 1993 to 1998 .
This `` Bley - Peacock Synthesizer Show '' performance , a group with his second wife Annette Peacock , who had written much of his personal repertoire since 1964 , was followed by her playing on the recordings Dual Unity ( credited to `` Annette & Paul Bley '' ) and Improvisie .
Barbara of Hesse , Duchess of Württemberg - Mömpelgard ( 8 April 1536 -- 8 June 1597 ) was a German noblewoman , and the wife of Count George I of Württemberg - Mömpelgard .
Manolita Piña Torres - Garcia ( née Rubies 24 February 1883 -- 11 June 1994 ) was the Catalan wife of Joaquín Torres García .
Hekenuhedjet was an ancient Egyptian queen consort of the 4th dynasty , a wife of pharaoh Khafra .
The position of Prime Minister was then filled by his younger brother Rainilaiarivony , who married Queen Rasoherina and then , upon her death , helped to designate Ranavalona II the next monarch of Madagascar and consequently married her to retain his position .
Marie Louise d'Aspremont ( 1651 or 1652 -- 23 October 1692 ) , was a duchess consort of Lorraine ; married in 1665 to Charles IV , Duke of Lorraine .
Louka Katseli is married to Gerasimos Arsenis and mother of two children , Dimitris and Amalia .
Louis Jacques Balsan ( September 16 , 1868 - November 4 , 1956 ) was a French aviator and industrialist , born at Châteauroux ( Indre ) in 1868 , who was the second husband of society beauty Consuelo Vanderbilt , Duchess of Marlborough .
Jutta of Saxony ( c. 1223 -- before 2 February 1267 ) was a Danish Queen consort , spouse of King Eric IV of Denmark .
Dewi Rezer 's married with actor Marcellino Lefrandt in Bali on 18 July 2007 .
Hans Werner Meyer is married to the British actress Jacqueline Macaulay .
Maria Amalia of Austria ( Maria Amalie Josefa Anna ; 22 October 1701 -- 11 December 1756 ) was Holy Roman Empress , Queen of the Germans , Queen of Bohemia , Electress and Duchess of Bavaria etc . as the spouse of Charles VII , Holy Roman Emperor .
On June 30 , 1975 , four days after finalizing her divorce from Sonny , Cher married rock musician Gregg Allman , co - founder of The Allman Brothers Band .
Sarah Kyolaba , also known by her stage name `` Suicide Sarah '' ( 1955 -- 11 June 2015 ) , was Ugandan dictator Idi Amin 's fifth and last - surviving wife .
Horst Köhler is married to Eva Köhler , a teacher .
Infanta Isabella of Coimbra ( Isabella of Portugal ) ( 1 March 1432 -- 2 December 1455 ) was a Portuguese infanta and a queen consort of Portugal as the first spouse of King Afonso V of Portugal .
Tashlultum ( fl . ca . late 24th - early 23rd centuries BCE ) was a wife of King Sargon of Akkad .
In August 2005 Renaud married Romane Serda , the mother of his son Malone .
Sthefany Brito married her fiance , footballer Alexandre Pato , on 7 July 2009 and announced their separation on April 21 , 2010 after 9 months and 13 days together because of the marital problems they were experiencing .
Gabriel Porras secretly married American - born actress Sonya Smith ( his co - star in the telenovela Olvidarte Jamas ) popular in Venezuelan television drama , on February 29 , 2008 .
Frieda A. Murray is a fantasy writer whose works are generally written in collaboration with Roland J. Green , whom she married in 1975 ( they have one daughter , Violette Y. Green , born 1984 ) .
Louisa Middleton became Louisa Till upon her marriage to John Coates Till , an English American marionettist and performer who had worked with her family .
In 1839 , Pauline de Talleyrand - Périgord married Henri de Castellane , eldest son of the marshal de Castellane .
Now Teuku Wisnu establish love with Shireen Sungkar .
Aurangabadi Mahal Sahiba ( Persian : اورنگ آبادی محل‎‎ ) ( died . November 1688 ) was the third and last wife of the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb .
Shirley Ann Russell ( 11 March 1935 -- 4 March 2002 ) was a British costume designer and first wife of film director Ken Russell , to whom she was married from 1956 to 1978 , and with whom she had five children , Xavier , James , Alexander , Victoria and Toby .
Anne Malherbe Gosselin ( born Anne Malherbe on December 16 , 1968 ) is the wife of President Rafael Correa , President of Ecuador since January 2007 .
On April 6 , 2010 , Lisa S. we d Daniel Wu in South Africa .
Daniela Schadt ( born 3 January 1960 in Hanau , West Germany ) is a German journalist , and , since 2000 , the domestic partner of Joachim Gauck , the President of Germany , who has been legally married since 1959 to Gerhild Radtke .
Cyndy Garvey ( née Truhan ) ( born July 16 , 1949 , Detroit , Michigan ) is an American television personality and former wife of baseball player Steve Garvey .
Mahaut of Albon ( 1112 - -1148 ) , was a Countess Consort of Savoy ; married in 1134 to Amadeus III , Count of Savoy .
Gerp 's mouse lemur ( Microcebus gerpi ) is a species of mouse lemur known only from the Sahafina Forest in eastern Madagascar , near Mantadia National Park .
The Malvaceae , or the mallows , are a family of flowering plants estimated to contain 243 genera with 4225 + species .
Saccostrea cucullata , the hooded oyster or Natal rock oyster , is a species of rock oyster found mainly in the Indo - Pacific Ocean .
Nemacaulis is a monotypic plant genus in the buckwheat family containing the single species Nemacaulis denudata , which is known by the common names woollyheads and cottonheads .
Stapelianthus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asclepiadaceae , first described as a genus in 1933 .
Angiolina Ortolani - Tiberini ( 10 May 1834 -- 31 December 1913 ) was an Italian soprano who sang many leading roles in European opera houses during a career spanning over twenty years .
Elizabeth Sandra Holton ( 30 January 1926 -- 17 January 2013 ) , better known by her stage name , Lizbeth Webb , was an English soprano and stage actress .
Jacques Urlus ( January 6 , 1867 in Hergenrath , Rhine Province - June 6 , 1935 in Noordwijk , Netherlands ) , was a Dutch dramatic tenor .
Sigrid Onégin ( June 1 , 1889 -- June 16 , 1943 ) was a Franco - German operatic contralto who enjoyed a major international career prior to World War II . She was born in Stockholm , Sweden to a German father and a French mother .
Emma Carelli ( 12 May 1877 in Naples -- 17 August 1928 near Rome ) was an Italian operatic soprano who was particularly associated with the dramatic soprano roles of the verisimo repertoire and the works of Richard Wagner .
Barbara Fris ( born May 10 , 1956 ) is a Canadian soprano and actress who performs as an opera singer , concert artist , and recitalist .
Renata Pokupić ( born 1972 ) is a Croatian operatic mezzo - soprano .
Annemarie Kremer , Emmer Compascuum , June 2nd 1974 , is a Dutch operatic soprano , known for her performances in the title roles of Norma , Tosca , and Salome and as Vitellia in La clemenza di Tito .
Maria Capuana ( 2 September 1891 -- 22 February 1955 ) was an Italian mezzo - soprano who had a major international opera career during the first half of the 20th century .
Tibor Kelen ( 18 September 1937 - 2001 ) was a Hungarian opera singer and cantor , a tenor .
Helga Dernesch ( b. February 3 , 1939 in Vienna ) is an Austrian soprano and mezzo soprano .
Maria Dorothea Wendling , née Spurni ( 21 March 1736 -- 20 August 1811 ) was a German soprano .
Denyce Graves ( born March 7 , 1964 ) is an American mezzo - soprano opera singer .
Tatiana Borodina is a Russian opera soprano .
Paolo Montarsolo ( 16 March 1925 -- 31 August 2006 ) was an Italian operatic bass particularly associated with buffo roles .
Brigitte Fassbaender ( German pronunciation : ( bʁiˈɡɪtə ˈfasbɛndɐ ) ; born Berlin , 3 July 1939 ) , is a German mezzo - soprano opera singer , a stage director and from 1999 to 2012 Intendant of the Tiroler Landestheater in Innsbruck , Austria .
Vivian Della Chiesa ( October 9 , 1915 -- January 6 , 2009 ) was an American lyric soprano who achieved a high level of popularity in the United States singing on the radio during the 1940s and the early 1950s .
Darrell Babidge is an English operatic baritone and a professor at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) in the BYU College of Fine Arts and Communications .
Helen Lemmens - Sherrington ( 4 October 1834 -- 9 May 1906 ) was an English concert and operatic soprano prominent from the 1850s to the 1880s .
Faryl Smith ( born 23 July 1995 ) is a British mezzo - soprano who rose to fame after appearing on the second series of the ITV television talent show Britain 's Got Talent in 2008 .
Wladimiro Ganzarolli ( January 9 , 1932 -- January 13 , 2010 ) was an Italian operatic bass - baritone , particularly associated with Mozart and Rossini roles .
Amira Selim ( born in Cairo , Egypt ) is an Egyptian soprano and opera singer , based in France .
Hilda Hölzl ( 2 January 1927 - 10 November 1992 ) was a Slovenian dramatic soprano .
Berta Foersterová ( née Lautererová , sometimes styled Bertha Laurer or Berta Foersterová - Lautererová ) ( born Prague , January 11 , 1869 - died there April 9 , 1936 ) was a Czech operatic soprano active in Germany .
Jess Thomas ( August 4 , 1927 -- October 11 , 1993 ) was an American operatic tenor , best known for his Wagner singing .
Geraldine McMillian is an American soprano who has had an active career in concerts and operas since the mid-1980s .
Lisa Roma ( 1892 - -1965 ) was an American soprano who toured in the United States with composer Maurice Ravel in 1928 .
Amel Brahim - Djelloul is a soprano opera singer and concert recitalist .
Oda Slobodskaya ( 28 November 1888 - 30 July 1970 ) was a Russian born soprano who became a British citizen .
Barbara Schlick ( b. 21 July 1943 , Würzburg ) is a German soprano who is particularly admired for interpretations of the concert literature of the baroque era .
Kiril Manolov ( Bulgarian : Кирил Манолов ) ( born 10 October 1976 ) is a Bulgarian operatic baritone with an international career performing leading roles in the opera houses of Hungary , Germany , Italy , Croatia , and his native Bulgaria .
Vilém Heš ( 3 June 1860 , Týnec nad Labem - 4 January 1908 , Vienna ) was a Czech operatic bass .
Raúl Giménez ( born September 14 , 1950 ) , is an Argentine operatic tenor , particularly associated with the Italian bel canto repertory , in which he is considered one of the best exponent in recent years .
Sara Mingardo ( born 2 March 1961 ) is an Italian classical contralto who has had an active international career in concerts and operas since the 1980s .
Franco Calabrese ( Palermo , 1923 -- Lucca , 1992 ) was an Italian bass singer .
Frederic King ( 1853 -- 20 May 1933 ) was a baritone best known for his performances in the works composed by Arthur Sullivan for the Leeds Festivals of 1880 and 1886 .
Gilbert Price ( September 10 , 1942 -- January 2 , 1991 ) was an American operatic baritone and actor .
Harry Danner is an American operatic tenor and actor of stage , screen , and film .
Oliver Njego ( Serbian Cyrillic : Оливер Њего , pronounced ( ɔ̌liʋɛr ɲɛ̌ːɡɔ ) ) is a Serbian operatic baritone , who also crossed over into popular music , eventually becoming one of the most respected and most famous Serbian opera singers .
Freda Betti ( 26 February 1924 -- 13 November 1979 ) , whose birth name was Frédérique Thérèse Augusta Betti , was a French mezzo - soprano singer whose career was mainly confined to France .
Alfredo Kraus Trujillo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alˈfɾeðo kɾaus tɾuˈxiʎo ) ; 24 November 1927 -- 10 September 1999 ) was a distinguished Spanish tenor from the Canary islands , particularly known for the artistry he brought to opera 's bel canto roles .
Frank Lopardo ( born December 23 , 1957 ) is an American operatic tenor who was born in Brentwood , New York .
Giacomo Prestia ( born August 16 , 1960 , Florence ) is an Italian operatic bass , A native of Florence ( Italy ) , Giacomo Prestia studied vocal technique with Maestro Sergio Catoni .
Marguerite Chapuy was a French operatic soprano , born 21 july 1852 in Bordeaux , the daughter of a former dancer at the Opéra , whose short professional career was concentrated on Paris but included appearances in London ; she created several roles at the Opéra - Comique .
Elena Souliotis ( spelled Suliotis in the early part of her career ; Greek : Έλενα Σουλιώτη ; 28 May 1943 -- 4 December 2004 ) was an operatic soprano .
Klesie Kelly , or Klesie Kelly - Moog , is an American soprano and voice teacher at the Musikhochschule Köln and for international master classes .
Pietro Neri - Baraldi ( 1828 -- 29 June 1902 ) was an Italian opera singer who sang leading tenor roles throughout Europe .
Ingrid Vetlesen ( born 22 September 1981 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian soprano .
Frances Elizabeth Connell ( 22 October 1946 -- 18 February 2012 ) was a South African - born operatic mezzo - soprano , and later soprano , whose career took place mainly in the United Kingdom and Australia .
Marcella Pobbe ( July 13 , 1921 - June 17 , 2003 ) , was an Italian operatic soprano who sang a wide range of roles in both the lyric and spinto repertory .
Adolfo Bassi ( Naples , 1775 -- Trieste , 1855 ) was an Italian composer and operatic tenor .
Kathryn Meisle ( October 14 , 1899 - -January 17 , 1970 ) was an American operatic contralto .
Aleksander Myszuga ( May 20 , 1853 -- March 9 , 1922 ) ( sometimes spelled Ołeksandr Mishuga or Olexander Myshuga ) was a Polish operatic tenor and voice teacher of Ukrainian descent .
Tim Mead ( born 1981 in Chelmsford ) is an English countertenor .
Helena Iren Michaelsen ( born 2 June 1977 in Evje ) is a Norwegian dramatic soprano and is the singer of the Dutch band Imperia and the solo project Angel .
Franz Kalchmair ( December 22 , 1939 in Thalheim bei Wels , Austria ) is an operatic bass and interpreter of Bach cantatas along with other sacred or clerical music .
John W. Myers ( c.1864 -- c.1919 ? ) , who was usually credited as J. W. Myers , was a Welsh - born baritone singer , who recorded widely in the United States between the early 1890s and the early 1910s .
Henry Herford ( born 24 February 1947 , Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a Scottish baritone singer .
George Cehanovsky ( 14 April 1892 - 25 March 1986 ) was an American baritone and language coach of Russian birth who had a close association with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City for six decades .
Maria Gay ( 13 June 1879 - 20 July 1943 ) was a Catalan opera singer , a mezzo - soprano born as Maria de Lourdes Lucia Antonia Pichot Gironés .
( Friedrich ) Sebastian Mayer ( actually Meier , 1773 -- 9 May 1835 ) was a bass singer and stage director of the Classical era .
Giulio Fioravanti ( October 17 , 1923 , Ascoli Piceno -- May 3 , 1999 , Milan ) was an Italian operatic baritone , particularly associated with the Italian repertory .
Mariano Eusebio González y García ( 13 August 1914 -- 14 July 1970 ) , also known as Luis Mariano , was a popular tenor of Spanish Basque origin who achieved celebrity in 1946 with `` La belle de Cadix '' ( `` The Beautiful Lady of Cadix '' ) an operetta by Francis Lopez .
Eugenio Fernandi ( Pisa , 1922 -- 8 August 1991 ) was an Italian tenor , associated with both lyric and spinto roles .
Josef Staudigl ( the elder ) ( b. Wöllersdorf , 14 April 1807 ; d. Vienna , 28 March 1861 ) was an Austrian bass singer .
Étienne Lainez ( or Lainé , Laînez ) ( 23 May 1753 -- 15 September 1822 ) was a French operatic tenor , and leading figure at the Paris Opera for over thirty years .
Stanford Olsen ( born 1960 ) is an American tenor who has had an active international career in operas and concerts since 1983 .
Antonín Švorc ( 12 February 1934 , Jaroměř -- 21 February 2011 ) was a Czech operatic bass - baritone .
Elisabeth Höngen ( 7 December 1906 , Gevelsberg -- 7 August 1997 , Vienna ) was a German operatic mezzo - soprano , particularly associated with Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss roles , and with Verdi 's Lady Macbeth .
Belle Cole ( 1853 - -1905 ) was a well - known American contralto .
Carmen Reppel is a German soprano active in both opera and concert .
William Zakariasen ( August 19 , 1930 -- September 4 , 2004 ) was an American operatic tenor and music critic .
Paolo Silveri ( b. Ofena , 28 December 1913 - d. Rome , 3 July 2001 ) was an Italian baritone , particularly associated with the Italian repertory , one of the finest Verdi baritones of his time .
Vincenzo La Scola ( 25 January 1958 -- 15 April 2011 ) was an Italian tenor who had a successful international opera career for more than 25 years .
Edith Kertész - Gabry ( 18 July 1927 -- 10 February 2012 ) was a Hungarian soprano and professor of opera at the Cologne University of Music .
Kirk Redmann ( born December 27 , 1961 ) is an American operatic tenor , and the son of Audrey Schuh and Kerry P. Redmann .
Valentina Naforniță ( born 1987 ) is a Moldovian soprano opera singer , born in Moldova .
Fernand Ansseau ( March 6 , 1890 in Boussu - Bois - May 1 , 1972 in Brussels ) was a Belgian tenor .
Cheryl Studer ( born October 24 , 1955 ) is a Grammy Award winning American dramatic soprano who has sung at many of the world 's major opera houses .
Jean - Blaise Martin , full name Nicolas Jean - Blaise Martin ( February 24 , 1768 in Paris -- October 28 , 1837 in Tourzel - Ronzières ) was a French opera singer whose tessitura lay between tenor and baritone , which became later known as `` baryton - martin '' .
Hermine von Siegstädt ( also Hermine Procháska ) ( 1844 - - ? ) was a Bohemian operatic soprano .
Christiane Eda - Pierre ( born March 24 , 1932 ) is a French lyric coloratura soprano of Martiniquan origin , who sang in a wide variety of roles , from baroque to contemporary works .
Ruža Pospiš - Baldani ( Croatian pronunciation : ( rǔːʒa pɔ̂spiːʃ baldǎni ) ; born 25 July 1942 ) is a Croatian operatic mezzo - soprano .
Christine Weidinger ( born March 31 , 1946 ) is an American operatic soprano who has had an active international career in operas and concerts since the early 1970s .
Alexey Kudrya ( born 1982 ) is a rising operatic lyric tenor star from Russia .
Jianyi Zhang is an American operatic tenor of Chinese birth .
Jan Simons ( 11 November 1925 -- 7 May 2006 ) was a Canadian baritone , and music teacher and administrator .
Sona Ghazarian ( born September 2 , 1945 ) is an Armenian - Austrian operatic soprano .
Nicolas Levasseur ( 9 March 1791 - 7 December 1871 ) was a French bass , particularly associated with Rossini roles .
Ola Isene ( 2 June 1898 -- 6 May 1973 ) was a Norwegian opera singer ( baritone ) and actor .
Dennis Noble ( 25 September 1898 -- 14 March 1966 ) was a noted British baritone and teacher .
