The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain is an 1876 novel about a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River .
And the Rain My Drink is a 1956 novel by Chinese - Flemish writer Han Suyin .
Azaad Desh Ke Gulam is a 1990 Indian Hindi film released on 06th April starring Jackie Shroff and Rekha .
McVeagh of the South Seas is a 1914 American drama film directed by and starring Harry Carey .
Betty Corday , mother of Ken Corday , had previously been a Broadway stage actress , starring in `` one flop after another '' before marrying her husband , a former lawyer and a then - recent migrant from Alberta , Canada .
Kjell Bondevik is also known as the uncle of Kjell Magne Bondevik , later Prime Minister , and father of bishop Odd Bondevik .
Jacob Kielland , priest and politician Kitty Kielland , painter Alexander Kielland , the well - known De Fire Store novelist Tycho Kielland became a jurist and journalist Janna died after giving birth to the eighth child In July 1863 , Jens Zetlitz Kielland married Inger Mæle ( 1815 - -1887 ) .
Salman Khurshid , former Union Minister for External Affairs ( Indian Foreign Minister ) , is the son of Khurshed Alam Khan .
Padmarani and Namdar Irani had a daughter , Daisy Irani , who also took up acting .
Louis François Cauchy ( 27 May 1760 -- 28 December 1848 ) was a senior French government official and the father of the mathematician Augustin - Louis Cauchy .
Hammurabi died and passed the reins of the empire on to his son Samsu - iluna in c. 1750 BC , under whose rule the Babylonian empire began to quickly unravel .
Maria Theresa kept up a fortnightly correspondence with Maria Antonia , now called Marie Antoinette , in which she often reproached her for laziness and frivolity and scolded her for failing to conceive a child .
Gerard van Swieten was the father of Gottfried van Swieten , who had his own career in government service and is remembered as a patron of Haydn , Mozart , and other composers .
The Life of St. Cadoc by Lifris ( c. 1100 ) portrays Brychan fighting Arthur , Cai and Bedivere because of King Gwynllyw of Gwynllwg 's abduction of his daughter St. Gwladys from his court in Talgarth .
Walter Barylli is the father of actor and playwright Gabriel Barylli ( b. 1957 ) .
Stone and Blackwell had one daughter , Alice Stone Blackwell , born September 14 , 1857 , who became a leader of the suffrage movement and wrote the first biography of her mother , Lucy Stone :
With Sif , Thor fathered the goddess ( and possible valkyrie ) Þrúðr ; with Járnsaxa , he fathered Magni ; with a mother whose name is not recorded , he fathered Móði , and he is the stepfather of the god Ullr .
Wen Qimei ( February 12 , 1867 -- October 5 , 1919 ) was a Chinese woman who achieved notability as the mother of political leader and revolutionary Mao Zedong .
Yuwen Shu 's sons Yuwen Huaji and Yuwen Zhiji ( 宇文智及 ) , who were mid - level officials in Emperor Yang 's government , secretly conducted forbidden trade with Tujue .
His sons Sir Arthur Dudley Dobson and Edward Dobson ( 1847 - -1934 ) became prominent in New Zealand , both having been pioneer surveyors .
Akbar was succeeded as emperor by his son , Jahangir .
Gjon Kastrioti or John Castriot ( 13 ? ? -- 4 May 1437 ) was an Albanian nobleman , member of the Kastrioti family , and the father of Skanderbeg .
According to the Homeric Hymn III to Delian Apollo , Hera detained Eileithyia to already prevent Leto from going into labor with Artemis and Apollo , since the father was Zeus .
Erik Juel , often referred to as Erik Juel to Hundsbæk and Alsted ( 1591 -- 13 February 1657 ) , was a Danish courtier , seignory and Privy Councillor , the father of Admiral Niels Juel and of the politician and diplomat Jens Juel .
Ramaitsoanala took the name Randapavola upon her marriage and then became known as Queen Rasolobe upon the birth of the couple 's seventh and final son , Ralambo -- the only one of Andriamanelo 's children to survive to adulthood .
Klaus Sammer is the father of Matthias Sammer , who began his career under him at Dynamo Dresden , and went on to play for both East Germany and the united Germany , and was European Player of the Year in 1997 .
It is known that Basiliscus had a wife , Zenonis , and at least one son , Marcus .
Frederick Blantford Bate was an American broadcaster of the early 20th century , and was a representative for NBC in Britain during World War I. He was the husband of Vera Bate Lombardi , the British socialite , and the father of Bridget Bate Tichenor , the surrealist artist .
When Minos ' son Androgeos had won the Panathenaeic Games the king , Aegeus , sent him to Marathon to fight a bull , resulting in the death of Androgeos .
The 3-inch gun M1917 was a World War I - era US - made anti - aircraft gun and was based on the 3-inch gun M1903 .
Eugène - Guillaume Argenteau , comte de Mercy or Eugen Gillis Wilhelm Graf Mercy d'Argenteau ( 1743 -- 4 May 1819 ) joined the Austrian army in 1760 , became a general officer , and led large formations of soldiers in several actions during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars .
Thomas Clement Fletcher ( January 21 , 1827 -- March 25 , 1899 ) was the 18th Governor of Missouri during the latter stages of the American Civil War and the early part of Reconstruction .
Djevdet Bey , Jevdet Bey , Cevdet Belbez ( Modern Turkish : Cevdet Bey ) was the governor of the Van vilayet of the Ottoman Empire during World War I and the Siege of Van .
Karl von Wohlgemuth ( 15 September 1917 -- 29 August 1983 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a General in the Bundesheer .
Louis Fursy Henri Compère ( 16 January 1768 -- 27 March 1833 ) was a French general of artillery in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars .
United States Navy Ensign Robert W. Langwell , of Columbus , Indiana was declared missing in action during the Korean War .
It was reportedly decided shortly before the beginning of the 2006 Lebanon War that the Merkava line would be discontinued within four years .
Leutnant Hermann Becker ( 10 September 1887 -- 21 April 1970 ) , was a World War I German fighter ace credited with 23 victories .
Friedrich Bernhard ( October 5 , 1888 -- December 29 , 1945 ) was a German Lieutenant - General of the Cavalry , serving during World War II as a Panzer commander and a recipient of the German Cross in Gold on 17 March 1944 .
John Milton Brannan ( July 1 , 1819 -- December 16 , 1892 ) was a career American Army officer who served in the Mexican - American War and as a Union general in the American Civil War , in command of the Department of Key West in Florida and assigned to Fort Zachary Taylor .
Sergeant - Observer William James Middleton DFM was a British World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Dimitrios Papatsonis ( Greek : Δημήτριος Παπατσώνης , c. 1798 - 24 June 1825 ) was a fighter of the Greek War of Independence from Peloponnese .
Caspar Crowninshield ( October 23 , 1837 -- January 10 , 1897 ) was a volunteer officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Cornelius McNamara , better known as Connie ( Mackey ) Mc Namara , ( 6 April 1896 -- 15 December 1957 ) was the Captain of `` A '' Company Active Service Unit of the Second Battalion Mid - Limerick Brigade in the Irish Republican Army during the Irish War of Independence .
Sir Bernard Brocas , also Barnard Brocas Senior ( 1330 - -1395 ) was a prominent commander in the English army during King Edward III 's French campaigns of the Hundred Years War .
François Bontemps , later baron d'Abaumont , a noted brigadier general during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars .
The SCR-508 Radio was a mobile Signal Corps Radio used by the U.S. Army during World War II , for short range ground communications .
Captain Richard E. Fleming ( November 2 , 1917 - -June 5 , 1942 ) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for his heroism in World War II during the Battle of Midway .
Jan Jagmin - Sadowski ( April 24 , 1895 in Grójec -- October 5 , 1977 in Warsaw ) , was a general of the Polish Army , having served in World War I as a member of Józef Piłsudski 's legions , as well as commanding Polish forces during the invasion of Poland in 1939 .
Fred Faulkner Lester ( April 29 , 1926 -- June 8 , 1945 ) was a United States Navy hospital corpsman who was killed in action during World War II while assigned to a Marine Corps rifle company during the Battle of Okinawa in 1945 .
Anselm Tupper ( 1763 - -1808 ) was an officer of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , a pioneer to the Ohio Country , and one of the founders of Marietta , Ohio , the first permanent American settlement in the Northwest Territory .
Dimitrios Ioannou ( Greek : Δημήτριος Ιωάννου , 1861 - -1926 ) was a senior Greek Army officer who fought in the Macedonian Front during World War I and in the opening stages of the Greco - Turkish War of 1919 - -1922 .
Siegfried Freytag ( 10 November 1919 -- 1 June 2003 ) was a German World War II fighter ace and a decorated Sergent of the French Foreign Legion ( 1952 - 1970 ) .
Lieutenant General Hans Joachim Friedrich von Sydow ( 13 May 1762 in Zernikow / Nordwestuckermark -- 27 April 1823 ) was a Prussian officer who fought in the Napoleonic Wars He was honoured with a knighthood and the Blue Max ( Pour le Mérite ) .
In World War II it served as the 42nd ( East Lancashire ) Infantry Division with the British Expeditionary Force ( BEF ) and fought in Belgium and France before being evacuated at Dunkirk .
David Sprowle ( born 1811 ) was an orderly sergeant serving in the United States Marine Corps during the American Civil War who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Battle of Mobile Bay .
Werner Baumbach ( 27 December 1916 -- 20 October 1953 ) was a bomber pilot in the German Luftwaffe during World War II and commander of the secret bomber wing Kampfgeschwader 200 ( KG 200 ) .
Helmut Arpke ( born 20 March 1917 in Graudenz ; killed in action 16 January 1942 near Schaikowka ) was a member of the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross for his actions during the Battle of Fort Eben - Emael .
No . 108 Squadron RAF was originally a squadron of the Royal Flying Corps during World War I which continued to serve with the Royal Air Force in World War II .
Josef Kociok ( 26 April 1918 -- 26 September 1943 ) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Frank S. Gile ( September 15 , 1847 -- March 19 , 1898 ) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for helping to free his grounded ship .
Lieutenant Colonel Jack Armand Cunningham DSO , DFC ( 4 December 1890 -- 3 April 1956 ) was an English World War I flying ace credited with 10 aerial victories .
The Mercedes - Benz L3000 was a 4x2 3-ton rear axle drive truck used by Germany in World War II , powered by a Daimler - Benz OM 65/4 75 hp 4-cylinder diesel engine .
Delbert L. Bristol ( September 20 , 1918 -- April 3 , 1980 ) served as an Aviation Artillery Officer attached to the II Corps during World War II and was the first such officer to create a Corps level Air Artillery staff .
Ricardo C. Binns was a corporal in the United States Marine Corps and a recipient of the Navy Cross for actions in the Battle of Hill 488 of the Vietnam War .
Private Thomas W. Stivers ( July 15 , 1850 -- June 28 , 1877 ) , also known under the name Thomas `` Tom '' Stevens or Stevers , was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 7th U.S. Cavalry during the Great Sioux War of 1876 - 77 .
Christoforos Perraivos ( Greek : Χριστόφορος Περραιβός ) was a Greek officer of the Greek War of Independence , member of the Filiki Eteria and author .
Mario de Bernardi ( 1893 - -1959 ) was an Italian World War I fighter pilot , seaplane air racer of the 1920s , and test pilot of early Italian experimental jets .
Captain Félix Arenas Gaspar ( December 13 , 1891 -- July 29 , 1921 ) , a Puerto Rican , was a Captain in the Spanish Army who was posthumously awarded the Cruz Laureada de San Fernando for his actions in the Rif War .
Commander James Jonas Madison , USNRF ( May 20 , 1884 -- December 25 , 1922 ) was an officer in the United States Naval Reserve and a World War I recipient of the Medal of Honor .
Tomás Urbina ( c. 1877 - -1915 ) was a general during the Mexican Revolution who allied with Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata .
It was in the earlier conflicts of the Napoleonic Wars that Fyodor Drizen first distinguished himself , fighting at the battles of Austerlitz , Heilsberg , and Friedland .
USS Dahlia ( 1862 ) was a paddle - wheel tugboat acquired by the Union Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War .
Theodore Anderson Baldwin ( December 21 , 1839 -- September 1 , 1925 ) was a U.S. military officer during the American Civil War and the Spanish-- American War .
James Robert Madison Mullany ( 26 October 1818 -- 17 September 1887 ) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy , who served during the American Civil War .
NGC 3114 is a sparse open cluster which is projected onto the outskirts of the Carina complex .
HD 90089 is a suspected variable star in the constellation Camelopardalis .
Zeta Scuti ( ζ Sct , ζ Scuti ) is the Bayer designation for a star in the southern constellation of Scutum .
B Centauri ( B Cen ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
Gliese 86 b , sometimes referred to as Gliese 86 Ab ( so as to distinguish the planet from companion star `` B '' ) and or shortened to Gl 86 b , is an extrasolar planet approximately 36 light - years away in the constellation of Eridanus .
HD 33564 is a 5th magnitude binary star located approximately 68 light - years away in the constellation of Camelopardalis .
HD 222582 is a magnitude 7.7 star approximately 136 light - years away in the constellation of Aquarius .
Delta Serpentis ( δ Serpentis , δ Ser ) is a star system in the constellation Serpens , in its head ( Serpens Caput ) .
NGC 39 ( also known as UGC 114 , MCG 5 - 1 - 52 , ZWG 499.76 or PGC 852 ) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Andromeda .
NGC 5010 is a lenticular galaxy located about 140 million light years away , in the constellation Virgo .
Psi Serpentis ( ψ Ser , ψ Serpentis ) is a star system in the constellation Serpens .
NGC 1409 is a pair of interacting galaxies in the constellation Taurus .
NGC 5364 is a grand design spiral galaxy located 54.5 million light years away in the constellation Virgo .
HD 140913 is a star very much like our own Sun located in the constellation Corona Borealis ( The Northern Crown ) 156 light years away .
NGC 7822 is a young star forming complex in the constellation of Cepheus .
Abell 70 is a planetary nebula located 13,500 - 17,500 light years away in the constellation of Aquila .
Iota Centauri ( ι Cen , ι Centauri ) is a star in the southern constellation of Centaurus .
2MASS J04151954 - 0935066 ( also abbreviated to 2MASS 0415 - 0935 ) is a brown dwarf of spectral class T8 , in the constellation Eridanus about 18.6 light - years from Earth .
37 Comae Berenices ( 37 Com ) is a star in the constellation Coma Berenices .
NGC 38 ( also known as MCG-1 - 1 - 47 , Stephan XII , or PGC 818 ) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Pisces .
WASP-18 is a magnitude 9 star located in the Phoenix constellation of the southern hemisphere .
WOH G64 is a red hypergiant star in the Large Magellanic Cloud satellite galaxy in the southern constellation of Dorado .
NGC 16 is a lenticular galaxy located in the Pegasus constellation .
NGC 1365 , also known as the Great Barred Spiral Galaxy , is a barred spiral galaxy about 56 million light - years away in the constellation Fornax .
9 Ceti is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Cetus .
Delta Indi ( δ Ind ) is a binary star in the constellation Indus .
SN 2006jc was a supernova that was detected on October 9 , 2006 in the galaxy UGC 4904 , which is about 77 million light - years away in the constellation Lynx .
HD 29587 is a Sun - like star located approximately 93 light - years away in the constellation of Perseus .
Mu Velorum ( μ Vel , μ Velorum ) is a binary star system in the southern constellation Vela .
Theta Gruis ( θ Gru ) is a triple star system in the constellation Grus .
HD 149143 is a star located in Ophiuchus constellation that has spectral type of G0 located at a distance of 207 ly from us .
HD 30562 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the F - type main sequence star HD 30562 , located approximately 86 light years away in the constellation Eridanus .
AS 314 , also known as V452 Scuti , is a white hypergiant star and luminous blue variable candidate located in the constellation of Scutum .
NGC 2244 ( also known as Caldwell 50 ) is an open cluster in the Rosette Nebula , which is located in the constellation Monoceros .
Mu Coronae Australis ( m CrA ) , is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis .
Kappa Arietis ( κ Ari , κ Arietis ) is the Bayer designation for a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries .
Omega Persei ( Omega Per , ω Persei , ω Per ) is a star in the constellation Perseus .
Messier 63 ( also known as M63 , NGC 5055 , or the Sunflower Galaxy ) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici consisting of a central disc surrounded by many short spiral arm segments .
51 Pegasi b ( abbreviated 51 Peg b ) , unofficially dubbed Bellerophon , later named Dimidium , is an extrasolar planet approximately 50 light - years away in the constellation of Pegasus .
HD 182475 is a Delta Scuti variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila .
HD 37124 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 108 light - years away in the constellation of Taurus ( the Bull ) .
Furuhjelm 46 , also known as HD 155876 and Gliese 661 , is a nearby binary star system , consisting of two very similar red dwarfs , located in the constellation Hercules .
24 Sextantis ( often shortened to 24 Sex ) is the Flamsteed designation of a 7th - magnitude star located approximately 253 light years away in the constellation of Sextans .
NGC 1856 is a young , massive star cluster similar to a `` blue globular cluster '' in the Magellanic Clouds in the constellation Dorado .
HD 115404 is a binary star system located thirty - six light - years away , in the constellation Coma Berenices .
Mu Centauri ( μ Cen , μ Centauri ) is a third - magnitude star in the southern constellation of Centaurus .
NGC 5824 is a globular cluster in the constellation Lupus , almost on its western border with Centaurus .
Kappa Trianguli Australis ( κ TrA , κ Trianguli Australis ) is a star in the constellation Triangulum Australe .
24 Aquarii ( abbreviated 24 Aqr ) is a double star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
COROT-2 is a yellow dwarf main sequence star a little cooler than the Sun . This star is located approximately 930 light - years away in the constellation of Aquila .
HD 132029 is a star in the northern constellation of Boötes .
NGC 1531 is a dwarf galaxy in the constellation Eridanus that is interacting with the larger spiral galaxy NGC 1532 .
HD 68601 is a white supergiant star in the constellation Puppis .
The Gullet is a narrow channel between the eastern extremity of Adelaide Island and the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica , separating Hansen Island and Day Island and connecting the heads of Hanusse Bay and Laubeuf Fjord .
Mount Gaston de Gerlache ( 71 ° 44′S 35 ° 49′E ) is the southernmost massif , 2,400 metres ( 7,900 ft ) high , in the Queen Fabiola Mountains of Antarctica .
Ghowch Naveh is a village in Bamyan Province very near the center of Afghanistan .
Kalijan ( Persian : كاليجان‎ , also Romanized as Kalījān ; also known as Kaladzha , Kāljān , Ohālja , and Ūhāljeh ) is a village in Sina Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Luboniek ( luˈbɔɲek ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Driemanschap ( Triumvirate ) of 1813 was formed after Charles - François Lebrun and the French troops suddenly left the area of the Netherlands .
Lehchevo ( Лехчево ) is a village in Boychinovtsi Municipality of Montana Province , northwestern Bulgaria .
Gulzar Kalle , also Gulzar , is village of Bannu District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Monastery of Arouca is located in the town of Arouca , in Portugal .
Rugir - e Taj Amiri ( Persian : روگيرتاج اميري‎ , also Romanized as Rūgīr - e Tāj Amīrī ) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Upper Lusatia ( German : Oberlausitz , Upper Sorbian : Hornja Łužica , Lower Sorbian : Górna Łužyca , Czech : Horní Lužice , Polish : Górne Łużyce or Milsko ) is a historical region in Germany and Poland .
Strzeszkowo ( stʂɛʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gabrovica pri Komnu ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbɾɔʋitsa pɾi ˈkoːmnu ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Ineu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈnew ) ; Hungarian : Borosjenő ; Serbian : Јенопоље/Jenopolje ; Turkish : Yanova ) is a town in Arad County , western Transylvania , Romania .
Vlachovo ( Hungarian : Oláhpatak , German : Lambsdorf ) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle - eastern Slovakia .
Lag Tuleritg is a lake at Flims in the canton of Grisons , Switzerland .
The Aorangi Range ( also known as the Haurangi Range ) is a mountain range on the North Island of New Zealand .
The Batu Islands are an archipelago of Indonesia located in the Indian Ocean off the west coast of Sumatra , between Nias and Siberut .
Zagreb Philharmonic Orchestra ( Croatian : Zagrebačka filharmonija , ZGF ) is an orchestra based in Zagreb , Croatia .
Turku City Office is located in Turku , Finland and is supervised by the Mayor .
Nabalia is an ancient river in the Netherlands that has been mentioned once by the Roman historian Tacitus , in his Histories ( 5:26 ) .
Växjö ( ( ˈvɛkːˈɧøː ) ) is a city and the seat of Växjö Municipality , Kronoberg County , Sweden .
Le Grand Véfour , the first grand restaurant in Paris , France , was opened in the arcades of the Palais - Royal in 1784 by Antoine Aubertot , as the Café de Chartres , and was purchased in 1820 by Jean Véfour , who was able to retire within three years , selling the restaurant to Jean Boissier .
Sękocin Las ( sɛŋˈkɔt͡ɕin ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
VIRVE is controlled and upheld by Suomen Erillisverkot Oy ( State Security Networks Ltd. ) , which is owned by the State of Finland in whole .
The Musée Bolo is an exhibition at the School of Computer And Communication Sciences at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne ( EPFL ) in Lausanne , Romandy , Switzerland .
The Ile du Golfe is a limestone island located close to the south - western coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Lazharia is a town , commune and daïra in Tissemsilt Province in northern Algeria .
The German - speaking electoral college is one of three constituencies of the European Parliament in Belgium .
The Sutjeska National Park ( Bosnian , Serbian and Montenegrin : Nacionalni park Sutjeska , Национални парк Сутјеска ; pronounced ( sûtjɛska ) ) is a national park located in Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Republika Srpska entity .
Tollensesee is a zungenbecken lake in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
The Sydney Royal Easter Show , also known as the Royal Easter Show or simply The Show or ( to exhibitors ) The Royal , is an annual show held in Sydney , Australia over two weeks around Easter .
FC Nelson is a New Zealand soccer club , based in the South Island city of Nelson , New Zealand .
Velyka Novosilka ( Ukrainian : Велика Новосілка ) is an urban - type settlement in Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Sint - Laureins ( Dutch pronunciation : ( sɪnt lʌu̯ˈrɛi̯ns ) ; Dutch for Saint Lawrence ) is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
Sugira , formerly known as Kunwarpur , is a village in India .
Bayerisch Eisenstein / Železná Ruda - Alžbětín station ( German : Bahnhof Bayerisch Eisenstein , Czech : Nádraží Železná Ruda - Alžbětín ) is a railway station on the border of southeast Germany and the Czech Republic .
Boderište ( Serbian : Бодериште ) is a village in the municipality of Brčko , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Rakitovo ( Bulgarian : Ракитово ) is a town in the Pazardzhik Province , Bulgaria .
Narromine Airport ( ICAO : YNRM ) is a small airport in Narromine , New South Wales , Australia .
Kamtuleh - ye Shahriari ( Persian : كمتوله شهرياري‎ , also Romanized as Kamtūleh - ye Shahrīārī ; also known as Boneh - ye Kāmtūleh , Kamtooleh , and Kamtūleh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Caloocan City Science High School ( CCSHS or CalSci ) , is a public secondary science school in Caloocan City , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Roberts International Airport ( IATA : ROB , ICAO : GLRB ) , informally also known as Robertsfield , is an international airport in the West African nation of Liberia .
Kuźnica Podleśna ( kuʑˈɲit͡sa pɔdˈlɛɕna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Entally was one of the thirty - eight villages bought by the British East India Company in 1717 and reconstituted as Pancahannagram ( fifty - five villages or mouzas ) .
Kukovo ( pronounced ( ˈkuːkɔʋɔ ) ; in older sources also Kuka Vas , German : Kukendorf , Gottscheerish : Kukndoarf ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in southern Slovenia .
The Simony Hut ( German : Simonyhütte ) is an Alpine club hut belonging to the Austrian Alpine Club ( OeAV ) located at a height of 2,205 metres , just below the Hallstätter Glacier at the foot of the Hoher Dachstein in Austria .
Villoresi Park is a large park in Monza , northern Italy .
The Cangrejal River or Río Cangrejal is a river that drains several mountain tributaries and borders the rainforest of Pico Bonito National Park near La Ceiba , Honduras .
Kolonia Jaryszów ( ( kɔˈlɔɲa jaˈrɨʂuf ) ; German : Kolonie Jarischau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Arusheh - ye Pain ( Persian : اروشه پائين‎ , also Romanized as Ārūsheh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Coëx is a commune of the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Kotuszewo ( kɔtuˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German Kutusow , 1938 - 1945 Priemfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Red Room Company is a non - profit organisation based in Sydney , Australia that creates , publishes and promotes poetry in unusual ways .
Trewarthenick ( Cornish : Trewedhenek ) is a hamlet in the civil parish of Tregoney in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Östhammar Municipality ( Östhammars kommun ) is a municipality in Uppsala County in east central Sweden .
Itsandra was one of the two major sultanates on the island of Grand Comore before the French colonization of the Comoros .
Xaltan ( also , Khaltan ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Zgornja Bačkova ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈbaːtʃkɔʋa ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in the Slovene Hills in northeastern Slovenia .
Real Monasterio de San Victorián is a monastery at the feet of Peña Montañesa , Sobrarbe , Aragon , Spain .
The Strongman Mine was an underground coal mine north of Greymouth on the West Coast of New Zealand from 1938 to 2003 .
Acktjära is a small area located to the immediate south of Bollnäs , in Sweden .
San Estanislao de Kostka ( usually referred to as San Estanislao or , more commonly , Santaní ) is a city and district in the department of San Pedro , Paraguay .
Nowa Wieś Malborska ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ malˈbɔrska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork , within Malbork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Saloğlu ( also , Saloghly and Salogly ) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Torre XX Settembre , in Turin , is one of the earliest examples of Modernist skyscraper in Italy .
Vlasina Lake ( Serbian : Власинско језеро , Vlasinsko jezero ) is a semi - artificial lake in Southeast Serbia .
The National Grammar Schools Association is an organisation in the United Kingdom which campaigns for the promotion of selective education .
The Birchs Inlet , also spelt Birch 's Inlet or Birches Inlet , is a narrow cove or coastal inlet on the south - western side of Macquarie Harbour on the west coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Ayala Bridge is a steel truss bridge over the Pasig River in Manila , Philippines .
The Belgrave railway line is a 5 ft 3 in ( 1,600 mm ) broad gauge electric suburban railway in Melbourne , Australia .
Nahr - e Salim ( Persian : نهرسليم‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Salīm ; also known as Salīm ) is a village in Minubar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Jilikul is the capital of the Jilikul District of the Khatlon Province , Tajikistan .
Langscheid is a municipality in the district of Mayen - Koblenz in Rhineland - Palatinate , western Germany .
The Purakaunui Falls are a cascading three - tiered waterfall on the Purakaunui River , in The Catlins of the southern South Island of New Zealand .
Podsokołda ( pɔtsɔˈkɔu̯da ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital ( UPTH ) is on East West Road , Port Harcourt , Nigeria .
Atenas ( ah - TEN - nahss ) is the capital city of the canton of Atenas in the province of Alajuela in Costa Rica .
Yeonguijeong ( Korean pronunciation : ( jʌŋ ɰi tɕʌŋ ) ) was a title created in 1400 , during the Joseon Dynasty of Korea ( 1392 - 1910 ) and given to the Chief State Councillor as the highest government position of `` Uijeongbu '' ( State Council ) .
Amirabad - e Shul ( Persian : اميرابادشول‎ , also Romanized as Amīrābād - e Shūl ; also known as Amīrābād ) is a village in Malekabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lərmərud ( also , Lərmərüd , Lermarud , and Lyarmaru ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sumatra ( Indonesian : Sumatera ) is an island in western Indonesia and part of the Sunda Islands .
Vidyayevo ( Russian : Видя́ево ) is a closed rural inhabited locality in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Pueyo is a town located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Chaguaní ( Spanish pronunciation : ( tʃaɣwaˈni ) ) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca .
Pahiatua is a rural service town in the south - eastern North Island of New Zealand with an urban and rural population of over 4,000 .
The Chusovaya River ( Russian : Чусова́я ) is a river flowing in Perm Krai , Sverdlovsk Oblast and Chelyabinsk Oblast of Russia .
Lake Manitoba is Canada 's thirteenth largest lake ( 4,624 km2 ) and the world 's 33rd largest freshwater lake .
Mexican Federal Highway 125 ( Carretera Federal No . 125 ) is a Federal Highway of Mexico that runs from the state of Veracruz south across the Sierra Madre Oriental to just north of the Pacific Ocean in the state of Oaxaca .
The National Theatre of Ireland , the Abbey Theatre is located on Abbey Street as is the Peacock theatre .
Zaklanec ( pronounced ( zaˈklaːnəts ) ) is a village east of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Valea lui Mihai ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈvale̯a luj miˈhaj ) ; Hungarian : Érmihályfalva ) is a town in Romania .
Dusetos ( pronunciation ) is a city in Zarasai district municipality , northeastern Lithuania , 30 km ( 19 mi ) west of Zarasai , near Lake Sartai .
Sede ( also known as Sede Giyorgis ) is a town in west - central Ethiopia .
Nazir Hat ( Bengali : নাজিরহাট ) is a small town in south eastern Bangladesh .
Dasht - e Lar ( Persian : دشت لار‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Lār ) is a village in Hangam Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tudar - e Shah Karami ( Persian : تودارشاه كرمي‎‎ , also Romanized as Tūdār - e Shāh Karamī ; also known as Tūdar - e Shākerī ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Basket - Hall Kazan ( Russian : Баскет-холл Казань ; Tatar : Basqet - holl ) is a basketball specialized indoor arena that is located in Kazan , Tatarstan , Russia .
Porta Tiburtina or Porta San Lorenzo is a gate in the Aurelian Walls of Rome , Italy , through which the Via Tiburtina exits the city .
Kihihi , also spelt Kihiihi , is a town in Southwestern Uganda .
Ələsgər ( also , Alesker ) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Chudniv ( Ukrainian : Чуднів , Yiddish : טשודנאוו‎ ) is a city in Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
Hajdine ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хајдине ) is a village in Croatia .
Târnăveni ( Romanian pronunciation : ( tɨrnəˈvenʲ ) ; Hungarian : Dicsőszentmárton , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈdit͡ʃøːsɛntmaːrton ) ; German : Sankt Martin , earlier Marteskirch ) is a city in Mureş County , central Romania .
Dubai Towers Dubai was a four tower complex to be built in the city of Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Sandtorg Church ( Norwegian : Sandtorg kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county , Norway .
Parklands College and Christopher Robin Pre - Primary are private schools situated in Parklands , Cape Town , South Africa .
The Palazzo Magnani Feroni is a building in Florence , central Italy , one of the oldest buildings in the San Frediano neighbourhood of the city .
The Academia Británica Cuscatleca ( ABC ) is a mixed bi - lingual bi - cultural school from Pre - Kinder to Grade 12 situated in Santa Tecla , El Salvador .
Balowlan ( Persian : بالولان‎ , also Romanized as Bālowlān ) is a village in Targavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Andamukkam ( Malayalam : ആണ്ടാമുക്കം ) or Aandamukkam is a neighbourhood of Kollam city in Kerala , India .
Info Institute of Engineering ( IIE ) is a private engineering educational Institute , located in Kovilpalayam , Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India .
The British Columbia Interior 's society and culture is affected by the populations of First Nations Canadians and French - Canadians people and residents living close to the US - Canada border .
Kiruna FF is Sweden 's northernmost football club .
Ogorevc ( pronounced ( ɔɡɔˈɾeːu̯ts ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Štore in eastern Slovenia .
Sierra de Cazorla is a mountain range of the Prebaetic System in the Jaén Province in Spain .
Richmond Villa is a heritage - listed home in Sydney , Australia .
Sodražica ( pronounced ( ˈsoːdɾaʒitsa ) ; German : Soderschitz ) is a town in southern Slovenia .
Novi Žednik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Нови Жедник ) is a village located in the Subotica municipality , in the North Bačka District of Serbia .
Magerit is the name of the one of the most powerful supercomputers in Spain .
Euronext Lisbon is a stock exchange in Lisbon , Portugal .
The Usk Ferry is a cable ferry across the Skeena River in British Columbia , Canada .
Jennersdorf ( Hungarian : Gyanafalva , Gyana - Falva , Slovene : Ženavci ) is a town in Burgenland , Austria , and capital of the district of Jennersdorf .
Tutuala is a village and suco in the subdistrict of Tutuala ( Lautém District , East Timor ) .
The Wrekin Giants , later the Shropshire Giants , and , subsequently , the Cannock Chase Giants were an American football team based in Telford , Shropshire , in England , in the United Kingdom .
Erechim was one of the first planned modern cities in Brazil .
Okrajszów ( ɔˈkrai̯ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomsko , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lesjaskog village in Lesja municipality in Oppland , Norway lies by the lake Lesjaskogsvatnet .
The Żejtun Roman villa is an archaeological complex in the city of Żejtun , in south - eastern Malta .
Lerdo Landing , now a ghost town , in Baja California was originally located in Sonora , Mexico from 1872 to 1896 .
Uttarkashi ( Hindi : उत्तरकाशी ) , meaning Kashi of the north , is a town in Uttarakhand , India .
Naujoji Akmenė ( pronunciation ) is a new town that was established in 1952 and is therefore one of the newest cities in Lithuania .
Shrule ( Irish : Sruthair , also anglicised to Shruel , usage deprecated ) is a village on the N84 road in County Mayo in Ireland .
Batokunku ( also spelled Batukunku ) is a village located in Kombo South , one of the nine districts of The Gambia 's Western Division .
Gamvik Church ( Norwegian : Gamvik kirke ) is a parish church in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Holy Cross School , Agartala , is a co - educational day school located in Durjoynagar , Agartala , Tripura , India .
The National Regeneration Movement ( Spanish : Movimiento Regeneración Nacional , MORENA ) is a left - wing political party in Mexico .
Heydarik ( Persian : حيدريك‎ , also Romanized as Heydarīḵ ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Garasangi is a small hamlet in the district of Bijapur of Karnataka state of India .
Trawica ( traˈvit͡sa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mladotice ( German : Mlatz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Plzeň - North District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Muharraq Island ( Arabic : جزيرة المحرق‎ ) , formerly known as Moharek , is the third largest island in the archipelago of Bahrain after Bahrain Island and Hawar Island .
Resch 's is a brand of beer produced by Carlton and United Breweries , available in New South Wales , Australia .
Kuban State Medical University is one of the oldest medical schools in Russia .
North Luangwa National Park is a national park in Zambia , the northernmost of the three in the valley of the Luangwa River .
Vecumi parish ( Latvian : Vecumu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District , Latvia .
Al Majma'ah ( Arabic : المجمعة‎ ) is a city and a governorate in Ar Riyad Province , Saudi Arabia .
Malczkówko ( malt͡ʂˈkufkɔ ) ( German Neu Malzkow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Carlow Castle is located near to the River Barrow in County Carlow , Ireland .
Mereg ( Persian : مرگ‎ ; also known as Mark , Merek , Merk , and Mirg ) is a village in Sarkal Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Kouga Dam ( formerly : Paul Sauer Dam prior to 1995 ) is an arch dam on the Kouga River about 21 km ( 13 mi ) west of Patensie in Kouga Local Municipality , South Africa .
Mzuzu University is one of the principal universities of Malawi .
Suzanne Cory High School ( abbreviated as SCHS ) is a Years 9 to 12 selective entry co - educational state school in the western region of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The Steinhuder Meer Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Steinhuder Meer ) , with northwest Germany 's largest inland lake , the Steinhuder Meer , at its heart , covers an area of 310 square kilometres ( 120 sq mi ) within the districts of Nienburg and Schaumburg and the region of Hanover .
Qardho ( Somali : Qardho , Arabic : قرضو‎ ) , also known as Gardo , is a city in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia .
Čepić or Cepich is a village in Istria , Croatia with a population of 57 as of 2011 .
Nanjai Puliampatti is a panchayat village in Gobichettipalayam taluk in Erode District of Tamil Nadu state , India .
Studstrup is the northernmost suburb of Aarhus , Denmark with a population of 853 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Tepi ( also transliterated Tippi ) is a town in southern Ethiopia .
Souraïde ( Basque Zuraide ) is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd , now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Nishtar Chowk Flyover is located in Multan , city of Pakistan .
Gosthani River is an east flowing river in Andhra Pradesh , India that flows from the Ananthagiri Hills of the Eastern Ghats into the Bay of Bengal .
Masazirgol ( Azerbaijani : Masazır gölü ) , or Masazir Lake is a salty lake of in Qaradag raion , near Baku , Azerbaijan .
Copenhagen International Film Festival is a film festival held in Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Yotvata Hai - Bar Nature Reserve is a 3,000-acre ( 12 km2 ) breeding and reacclimation center administered by the Israel Nature Reserves & National Parks Authority , situated in the Southern Arabah near Yotvata .
Nagaworld FC , previously known as Nagacorp FC before January 2015 , is a football ( soccer ) club in Phnom Penh , Cambodia .
Dumka , headquarters of the Dumka district , is a city and municipality in the state of Jharkhand , India .
Lake Niegocin ( German : Mauersee ) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of Poland 's Warmia - Mazury Province .
Barpak is a village situated in the northern part of the Gorkha district of Nepal , in the Warpak village development committee .
Echt - Susteren ( Dutch pronunciation ; Limburgish : Ech - Zöstere ) is a municipality in the southeastern Netherlands .
The Northland Pyrite Mine , also known as James Lake Mine , Rib Lake Mine , Harris Mine or simply Northland Mine , is an abandoned underground mine in Northeastern Ontario , Canada , located on the southwestern shore of James Lake in Best Township of Temagami .
Nofit ( Hebrew : נוֹפִית , lit . Scenic ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
Domsten is a locality situated in Helsingborg Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 617 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Ballons des Vosges Nature Park ( French : Parc naturel régional des Ballons des Vosges ) is a protected area of woodland , pasture , wetland , farmland and historical sites in the regions of Alsace , Franche - Comté and Lorraine in northeastern France .
The Gurindji strike was not the first or the only demand by Aborigines for the return of their lands -- but it was the first one to attract wide public support within Australia for Land Rights .
Mortadella is a product of Bologna , Italy .
Biasca is a town of the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Pukkelpop is an annual music festival that takes place near the city of Hasselt , Belgium in mid - to - late August .
Courtland Park is a sub - neighbourhood of Carleton Heights in River Ward in the west end of Ottawa , Canada .
The Galatsi Olympic Hall is a mult - use indoor arena that is located in Galatsi , Athens , Greece .
Besalampy Airport is an airport in Besalampy , Madagascar ( IATA : BPY , ICAO : FMNQ ) .
Trobni Dol ( pronounced ( ˈtɾoːbni ˈdoːl ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
The Doncaster railway line is a long - planned suburban railway in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , that will be built before December 2027 , as a branch , along with the Hurstbridge line , of the planned future Clifton Hill Loop Line , as part of the PTV Network Development Plan .
Vistula Spit Landscape Park ( Park Krajobrazowy Mierzeja Wiślana ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) on the Vistula Spit in northern Poland .
Emamzadeh Mir Salar Fartaq ( Persian : امامزاده ميرسالارفارتق‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Mīr Sālār Fārtaq ; also known as Emāmzādeh Mīr Sālār ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Galvin railway station is a closed railway station which was located on the Werribee line of the Melbourne suburban rail system in Australia .
The Barcelona Museum of Contemporary Art ( Catalan : Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona , IPA : ( muˈzɛw ˈðart kuntəmpuˈɾani ðə βərsəˈɫonə ) ; abbreviated as MACBA ) is situated in the Plaça dels Àngels , in El Raval , Ciutat Vella , Barcelona , Spain .
Masha - ye Shahid Mashfiq ( Persian : مشاع شهيدمشفق‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Shahīd Mashfiq ) is a village in Eresk Rural District , Eresk District , Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Podkoren ( pronounced ( pɔˈtkoːɾɛn ) , German : Wurzen ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the northwestern Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Snina is a town in Slovakia located at the confluence of the Cirocha river and the small river Pčolinka in the valley between the Beskydy foothills and the mountain of Vihorlat .
Manzanal de los Infantes ( Spanish pronunciation : ( manθaˈnal de los imˈfantes ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
Solbergelva is a village in Nedre Eiker in the county of Buskerud , Norway .
Al - Mukharram ( Arabic : المخرم‎ ) , also known as Mukharram al - Fawqani ( Arabic : المخرم الفوقاني‎ ; also sspelled Makhem Fuqani or Mkhurem Fouqani ) is a small city in central Syria , capital of the al - Mukharram District , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located 42 kilometers northeast of Homs .
Port Antonio is the capital of the parish of Portland on the northeastern coast of Jamaica , about 60 miles ( 100 km ) from Kingston .
The Shoaiba power and desalination plant is an oil - fired CCGT power and desalination complex in Saudi Arabia on the coast of Red Sea , about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) south of Jeddah .
Starogoszcz ( staˈrɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Žipov ( Hungarian : Sárosizsép ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Bajestan ( Persian : بجستان‎ , also Romanized as Bajestān and Bejestān ; also known as Bījestān and Bījistān ) is a city in and the capital of Bajestan County , in Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Łomianki ( wɔˈmʲaŋkʲi ) is a town in Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , Poland , with 16,374 inhabitants ( 2008 ) .
Hotel Europejski is a historic hotel in the city centre of Warsaw , Poland .
Rangiora is the largest town and seat of the Waimakariri District , in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Kyzylunkyur ( Kyzul - Ünkür ( google earth has Kyzylungungir ) ) is a village in Jalal - Abad Region , Kyrgyzstan .
The Kola Nuclear Power Plant ( Russian : Кольская АЭС ( pronunciation ) ) , also known as Kolsk NPP or Kolskaya NPP , is a nuclear power plant located 12 km away from Polyarnye Zori , Murmansk Oblast in north - western Russia .
Burebasaga is the largest of the three confederacies that make up Fiji 's House of Chiefs , to which all Fijian chiefs belong .
Furmany ( furˈmanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce , within Tarnobrzeg County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Borj - e Qardash ( Persian : برج قارداش‎ , also Romanized as Borj - e Qārdāsh ; also known as Borj ) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pyhä - Luosto National Park ( Pyhä - Luoston kansallispuisto ) is a national park in Lapland , Finland .
Entracque is a small town in the Valle Gesso of the Maritime Alps of north - west Italy , about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southwest of Cuneo and close to the French border .
ShortCutz Amsterdam ( ShortCutz AMS ) is an annual film festival promoting short films in Amsterdam , Netherlands held the whole year through .
Nowy Adamów ( ˈnɔvɨ aˈdamuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lake Ruataniwha is located in the Mackenzie Basin in New Zealand 's South Island .
Surrey First is a civic political organization in Surrey , British Columbia , Canada .
Ptuj Castle ( Slovene : Ptujski grad ) is a castle in Ptuj , Slovenia .
Vigyan Bhavan is a premier convention centre of Government of India in New Delhi .
` Assa Gaila is a town in the northern Tadjoura region of Djibouti .
The University B.D.T. College of Engineering ( UBDTCE ) is an Engineering college located in Davangere , India .
Pinehurst School is a private education institute located in Auckland , New Zealand with a roll of approximately 650 students .
Sibu Airport ( IATA : SBW , ICAO : WBGS ) is an airport located 23 km ( 14 mi ) east south east of Sibu , a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia .
Greater Vancouver , also known as Metro Vancouver , is the metropolitan area with its major urban centre being the city of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Lori Berd ( Armenian : Լոռի բերդ ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia located just east of Stepanavan .
Baba Mahmud - e Vosta ( Persian : بابامحمودوسطي‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Maḩmūd - e Vosţá ) is a village in Dehpir Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gateway Casinos & Entertainment Limited is one of the largest casino and entertainment companies in Western Canada and has grown from just 2 facilities with 150 employees to 12 facilities with over 3,000 employees .
Münchenstein Castle ( German : Ruine Münchenstein ) is a landmark above the village centre of Münchenstein , in the canton of Basel - Land in Switzerland .
Teamtheater is a theatre in Munich , Bavaria , Germany former known as Theater am Einlaß .
Romiri ( Greek : Ρομίρι ) is a hillside settlement on Zakynthos island , Greece .
Priddis Greens is a hamlet in Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Foothills No . 31 .
Minavand ( Persian : ميناوند‎ , also Romanized as Mīnāvand ) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Lake Viitina is a lake of Estonia , in Võru County .
The Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products ( FAMHP ) of Belgium is responsible for the approval and registration of new medication in Belgium and for pharmacovigilance .
Gelsa is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza , comarca ( county ) of Ribera Baja del Ebro , Aragon , Spain .
Hanahoe ( `` Group of One '' ) was an unofficial private group of military officers in South Korea headed by Chun Doo - hwan , who later became the South Korean president .
Kolnik ( ˈkɔlnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cham Chareh Du ( Persian : چم چره دو‎ , also Romanized as Cham Chareh Dū , meaning `` Cham Chareh 2 '' ) is a village in Dowreh Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Riverview Rural High School is a secondary school located in Coxheath , Nova Scotia , Canada , a suburb of Sydney , Nova Scotia .
Volcán Chingo is a stratovolcano in southeastern Guatemala , on the border with El Salvador .
Pirak is an archaeological site belonging to the Indus Valley Civilization located in Balochistan , Pakistan .
Nisko ( ˈɲiskɔ ) is a town in Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland on the San River , with a population of 15,534 inhabitants as of 2 June 2009 .
Stirling House is located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay , Western Australia .
Spånga Church ( Swedish : Spånga kyrka ) is a church in the Spånga - Tensta borough in Stockholm , Sweden .
Ratibořice Château is a château located 2.5 km north of Česká Skalice and about 10 km west of Náchod , in the Hradec Králové region , Czech Republic .
The Leipzig Museum of Ethnography ( German : Museum für Völkerkunde zu Leipzig ) is a large ethnographic museum in Leipzig , Germany .
Rara National Park is a protected area in the Himalayas of Nepal and was established in 1976 .
Kopljare ( Serbian : Копљаре ) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac , Serbia .
Maribor Castle is a Baroque mansion in the town of Maribor , northeastern Slovenia .
The Lane Cove National Park is a protected national park that is located within metropolitan Sydney , in New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Nossa Senhora do Pópulo ( full name : Caldas da Rainha -- Nossa Senhora do Pópulo ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Caldas da Rainha , Portugal .
Terezino Polje is a village in Croatia , on the border with Hungary .
Casalbordino is a comune ( municipality ) and town in the province of Chieti , in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Nichar ( Bhaba Nagar ) is a town located in the Kinnaur district of Himachal Pradesh state , India , at an altitude of 2500 meter .
The Waldviertel ( Forest Quarter ) is the northwestern region of the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Perpendicular Point is a small headland on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island , overlooking the Tasman Sea .
Lab - e - Mehran is a famous garden in Sukkur , situated on Bandar Road , adjacent to the Indus River , in Sindh Province , Pakistan .
Galaxidi or Galaxeidi ( Greek : Γαλαξίδι/Γαλαξείδι ) , is a town and a former municipality in the southern part of Phocis , Greece .
Zolitūde ( Latvian pronunciation : ( ˈzɔlituːde ) ) is mainly an apartment house neighbourhood ( or microdistrict ) , of Riga , the capital of Latvia , located on the city 's western edge .
Tulewo Górne ( tuˈlɛvɔ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Stambolčić ( Serbian : Стамболчић ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Campazas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kamˈpaθas ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Patriarch Diodoros The 1st School ( PDS ) ( in Arabic : البطريرك ذيوذوروس الأول ) is a Greek private school in Amman , Jordan .
Petersville Australia Limited was an Australian public company which specialized in dairy food product manufacture , distribution and marketing until its takeover by Adelaide Steamship Company in the 1980s .
Saint - Pol - de - Léon ( Breton : Kastell - Paol ) is a commune in the Finistère department in Brittany in north - western France , located on the coast .
Italia Mura ( イタリア村 ) ( `` Italy village '' ) was a mall located near the port of Nagoya , Japan .
Dravlaus is a village in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Shahr - e Posht ( Persian : شهرپشت‎ ) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Selerd ( Persian : سلرد‎ ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Mount Ng'iro is a mountain in the north of Kenya overlooking the Suguta Valley , part of the Great Rift Valley , to the west .
Porquerolles ( French pronunciation : ​(pɔʁkəʁɔl ) ) , also known as the Île de Porquerolles , is an island in the Îles d'Hyères , Var , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
San Miguel de Tucumán ( usually called simply Tucumán ) is the capital of the Tucumán Province , located in northern Argentina at 1,311 kilometres ( 815 mi ) from Buenos Aires .
The South Eastern Region ( Maltese : Reġjun Xlokk ) is one of five regions of Malta .
Hiệp Hưng is a village and commune in the Phụng Hiệp District of Hậu Giang , Vietnam .
Kfar Glikson ( Hebrew : כְּפַר גְּלִיקְסוֹן , lit . Glickson Village ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Bernard Terminal is a small bus station in York Region , Ontario , Canada , located at 11000 Yonge Street .
Ranongga is an island located in the New Georgia Islands group of Western Province , Solomon Islands .
VEB Klingenthaler Harmonikawerke ( KHW ) was a state - owned company based in Klingenthal , Saxony , and was the main producer of accordions , harmonicas , and electronic instruments in East Germany .
Ritidian Point is the northernmost point of the island of Guam .
Şamkənd ( also , Shamkend ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Faneromeni School ( Greek : Παρθεναγωγείο Φανερωμένης , Turkish : Faneromeni Okulu ) , founded by Archbishop Makarios I in 1857 , was the first all - girls school in Cyprus .
John Summers & Sons Ltd was a major United Kingdom iron and steel producer , latterly based at Shotton , Flintshire .
MÁVAG was the property of the Kingdom of Hungary .
The Mid North is a region of South Australia , north of the Adelaide Plains , but not as far north as the Far North , or the outback .
Cairo International Airport ( IATA : CAI , ICAO : HECA ) ( Arabic : مطار القاهرة الدولي‎ ; Maṭār al - Qāhirah al - Duwaliyy ) is the international airport of Cairo and the busiest in Egypt and serves as the primary hub for EgyptAir and EgyptAir Express as well as several other airlines .
The Teatro Aguascalientes or Aguascalientes Opera House is a theater which functions as the main opera house of the city of Aguascalientes , Aguascalientes in Mexico .
Langnau i m Emmental is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
The Tentulia River , called Ilsha for part of its length , is located in Bangladesh .
The Chinese Mental Health Association ( CMHA ) is a United Kingdom charity which provides information and support to members of the Chinese community affected by mental illness .
The Uatumã River ( sometimes spelled Uatamã ) is a river flowing through the state of Amazonas in Brazil .
Hafgufa ( Icelandic , haf `` sea '' + gufa `` steam '' ) is the name of a massive sea monster reported in the Örvar - Odds saga to have existed in the Greenland Sea which was said to disguise itself as an island or pair of rocks rising from the sea .
Qaleh Juq Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قلعه جوق‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Ramadilla is a small town located off of route P-160 in the Region of Bio Bio , Chile .
Moosonee Airport , ( IATA : YMO , ICAO : CYMO ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) north - east of Moosonee , Ontario , Canada .
The Forsmo Bridge ( Forsmo Järnvägsbron in Swedish ) is a railway bridge over the Aangermann River in Northern Sweden .
The county is home to Pembrokeshire Coast National Park , the only coastal national park of its kind in the United Kingdom and one of three national parks in Wales , the others being Snowdonia and Brecon Beacons national parks .
Bam Khel ( بام خیل ) is a village and Union Council of Swabi District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
The Oslo Opera House ( Norwegian : Operahuset ) is the home of The Norwegian National Opera and Ballet , and the national opera theatre in Norway .
Gunich ( Persian : گونيچ‎ , also Romanized as Gūnīch and Govānīch ; also known as Gūnīj ) is a village in Karvandar Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Bundesstraße 31 ( B 31 ) is a federal highway or Bundesstraße running from east to west in South Germany .
Larna is one of 54 parish councils in Cangas del Narcea , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Knight v Indian Head School Division No 19 , ( 1990 ) 1 S.C.R. 653 is a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on procedural fairness in Canadian administrative law .
Abil ( Arabic : آبل‎ , also spelled Abel or Aabel ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located 10 kilometers south of Homs .
Batajnica railway station is the rail station in Batajnica , Zemun , Belgrade , Serbia .
Milne Bay is a large bay in Milne Bay Province , southeastern Papua New Guinea .
La Serra d'en Galceran ( Valencian pronunciation : ( la ˈsɛra ðeŋ ɡaɫseˈɾan ) , Spanish : Sierra Engarcerán ) is a small municipality in the province of Castelló , Valencian Community , Spain .
San Lucas Island ( Spanish : Isla San Lucas ) is an island located off the Pacific shore of Costa Rica in the Gulf of Nicoya .
Mangatoki is a locality in southern Taranaki , in New Zealand 's North Island .
Chiusi ( Etruscan : Clevsin ; Umbrian : Camars ; Ancient Greek : Klysion , Κλύσιον ; Latin : Clusium ) is a town and comune in province of Siena , Tuscany , Italy .
Kiunga Marine National Reserve is situated along the Indian Ocean coast of Lamu District , Coast Province , Kenya .
Natural History Museum , Lygourio , an important natural history museum in Greece .
Şələ is a village in the municipality of Mirimli in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Musée de Manega or Manega Museum is a museum located 55 km ( 34 mi ) northwest of the city Ouagadougou , in the village of Manega , Burkina Faso .
Uusvada tsässon is a small Seto chapel in Estonia , dedicated to Saint Anastasia also known as Nahtsi tsässon .
Amerić ( Serbian : Амерић ) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia .
Nova Cerkev ( pronounced ( ˈnɔːʋa ˈtseːrkɛu̯ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
The Tauweru River , sometimes called the Taueru River , is a river in the Wairarapa region of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Vorontsov Lighthouse ( Ukrainian : Воронцовський маяк , Russian : Воронцовский маяк ) is a famous red - and - white , 27.2 metre landmark in the Black Sea port of Odessa , Ukraine .
Terningmoen is a military camp ( or base ) in Elverum in Norway .
Wólka Babska ( ˈvulka ˈbapska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Essex Engine Plant is a Ford factory located in Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
The Day of Reconciliation is a public holiday in South Africa held annually on 16 December .
New housing development took place in Canwick during the 1960s and the United Kingdom Census 2001 records 339 inhabitants and 150 households .
Frixa ( Greek : Φρίξα , before 1916 : Ανεμοχωράκιον - Anemochorakion ) is a village in the municipal unit of Skillounta , Elis , Greece .
Arakaninihi Island is a small island in the Northland Region of New Zealand .
Malansac ( Breton : Malañseg ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Wood Mountain Regional Park is a conservation area in its natural state set aside for recreation located in southern area of Saskatchewan , Canada on Highway 18 .
Sengkang MRT / LRT Station ( NE16/STC ) is an interchange station in Singapore that serves Sengkang New Town .
Yad Vashem ( Hebrew : יָד וַשֵׁם ) is Israel 's official memorial to the victims of the Holocaust .
Shinas ( شناص in Arabic ) , population 43,312 as of 2005 , is a coastal town in northern Oman , near the border between Oman and United Arab Emirates .
The Route nationale 16 , or RN16 , is a trunk road ( nationale ) in France crossing Picardy north of Paris .
The Erbil International Hotel is a luxurious hotel based in Arbil , the capital of the Kurdistan Region , northern Iraq .
The Dollis Brook Viaduct , also known as the Dollis Road Viaduct , Dollis Viaduct or Mill Hill Viaduct , is a railway viaduct to the west of Finchley , North London , United Kingdom .
XEYZ - AM / XHYZ - FM is a Mexican AM / FM combo radio station owned by Radio Grupo Mexico that serves the state of Aguascalientes .
Gorenje Vrhpolje ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈʋəɾxpɔljɛ ) ; German : Oberfeld ) is a settlement southwest of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
Lambton Quay ( once known as `` Beach Street '' ) is the heart of the central business district of Wellington , the capital city of New Zealand .
The Zone 2 of Milan ( in Italian : Zona 2 di Milano ) is one of the 9 administrative zones of Milan , Italy .
Račetice ( German : Ratschitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Latitude : 71.2269 N , Longitude : 131.9619 E The basin of the Omoloy River is part of the Sakha ( Yakutia ) administrative region of Russia .
Duault ( Breton : Duaod ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Playford International College is a high school in Elizabeth a northern suburb of Adelaide , South Australia , the result of amalgamating the original three secondary schools in Elizabeth .
Mišar is a town in the municipality of Šabac , Serbia .
Bruce South was a federal electoral district in Ontario , Canada , that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 1882 and from 1903 to 1935 .
Altstadt Salzburg is one of the districts of Salzburg , Salzburgerland , Austria .
Zvārde parish ( Latvian : Zvārdes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality , Latvia .
The Palazzina Marfisa d’Este is a Renaissance - style small palace , once suburban , and sometimes referred to as a villa , located on Corso Giovecca # 170 , just east of Central Ferrara , region of Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Mussiari is a village and union council of Murree Tehsil in the Rawalpindi District of Punjab , Pakistan .
The City of Benalla was a local government area about 188 kilometres ( 117 mi ) northeast of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
The Grand Capucin ( 3,838 m ) is a rock pinnacle in the Mont Blanc Massif in Haute - Savoie , France .
The Moravica District ( Serbian : Моравички округ / Moravički okrug ) is a district of Serbia located in the central parts of Serbia .
Richterich is a district and northwestern suburb of Aachen , Germany .
The Újpest Synagogue is a Neolog Judaism synagogue in Újpest ( New Pest ) , a district of Budapest , Hungary .
Durham High School for Girls is a single - sex independent day school for girls aged 3 to 18 years old in Durham City , United Kingdom .
Samayanallur is a small town located on National Highway 7 , 12 kilometers from Madurai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Sheldon College is a private day school located in Sheldon in Redland City , Queensland , Australia .
Rusangu University , formerly known as Zambia Adventist University , is a private coeducational Christian university based in Rusangu Mission near Monze in Zambia .
The Tutu House is a house on Vilakazi Street in Soweto , Johannesburg , South Africa that belongs to Desmond Tutu and his family .
Chizumulu Island is the smaller of two inhabited islands in Lake Malawi / Lake Nyasa , the larger being the nearby Likoma island , which together make up the Likoma District .
Cape Baba ( Turkish : Baba Burnu , Ancient Greek : Λεκτόν ) , is the westernmost point of the Anatolian part of Turkey , making it the westernmost point of whole Asia .
Oakwood Park Grammar School is a boys grammar school with academy status located in Maidstone , United Kingdom .
Gornje Sokolovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горње Соколово ) is a village in the municipality of Ribnik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Osterland ( terra orientalis ) is a historical region in Germany .
Albacete Airport ( IATA : ABC , ICAO : LEAB ) is an airport located at the Los Llanos Air Base , about 4 miles ( 6 kilometres ) south of the city of Albacete , the capital of the province of Albacete in Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Izmaylovo District ( Russian : райо́н Изма́йлово ) is a district in Eastern Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow , Russia .
The Milan amphitheatre was a Roman amphitheatre in the ancient city of Mediolanum , the modern Milan in northern Italy .
Founded by Alan Twigg in 1987 , B.C. BookWorld is Canada 's largest - circulation , independent publication about books .
Nowe Błogie ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈbwɔɡʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Orašje Površ ( Serbian Cyrillic : Орашје Површ ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ruże ( ˈruʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójno , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque is the main Mosque in the Sultanate of Oman .
Ayvaini Cave is a show cave situated southeast of Lake Uluabat at the district border between Mustafakemalpaşa and Nilüfer in Bursa , Turkey .
Sarepta ( modern Sarafand , Lebanon ) was a Phoenician city on the Mediterranean coast between Sidon and Tyre , also known biblically as ' Zarephath ' .
Takur ( Persian : تکور‎ , also Romanized as Takūr ; also known as Deh - e Takūr and Takor ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Assafarge is a former civil parish in the southern part of the municipality of Coimbra , Portugal .
Arcos de Canasí is a small town in the east of the La Habana Province of Cuba .
The Dikhil Region ( Somali : Gobolka Dikhil , Afar : Dikhil Rakaakay ) is a region in southern Djibouti .
Mudulow ( Somali : Muduloow ) , full name Bur Mudulow ( `` Mudulow Hill '' ) , is a town in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia .
Dughla is a glacial lake , small hamlet and mountain pass in Solukhumbu District in the Himalayas of Nepal , to the south of Khumbu Glacier .
Słaboszewko ( swabɔˈʂɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Tsageri ( Georgian : ცაგერი ) is a town in Georgia , located in Racha - Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti region in the west of the country and serving as an administrative center of the homonymous district .
The Thriasian Plain ( Greek : Θριάσιο Πεδίο , Thriasio Pedio ) is a plain in western Attica , immediately to the west of Athens , in Greece .
Saint - André - de - l'Eure Airport ( ICAO : LFFD ) is a regional airport in France , located about 10 miles southwest of Évreux ( Haute - Normandie ) .
Watercity is an aquatic park in the area of Anopolis , between Hersonissos and Heraklion on Crete , Greece .
Creative City , launched by Fujairah Media as an alternative to Dubai Media City , aims to attract regional and international broadcast TV and radio providers to Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates , while also providing creative media - related services .
Wyncham Stream is a small river within the London Boroughs of Bexley and Bromley in southeast London , England , United Kingdom .
Sarshiv ( Persian : سرشيو‎ , also Romanized as Sarshīv ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kampala Hilton Hotel is a hotel under construction in Kampala , the capital and largest city of Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
Bengkalis ( Kota Bengkalis ) was the seat ( capital ) of Bengkalis Regency in the Riau province of Indonesia until 8 July 2013 , when it became an independent city .
The Kabul Weekly was the most widely distributed newspaper in Afghanistan , both in the center and the provinces .
Laznica or Lazniţa ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лазница ) is a large highland village in Serbia .
Mizque ( from Quechua : misk'i , meaning `` sweet '' ) is a town in the Cochabamba Department , Bolivia .
Agricultural Pumps Complex ( Persian : مجتمع تلمبه هائ كشاورزئ پشت سيل بند‎ -- Mojtame ` Tolombeh Hāy Keshāvarzy Pasht Seyl Band ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Charles Hotel is a grand hotel located at Sophienstrasse 28 in Maxvorstadt , Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Keungogae Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Sinam - dong , Dong District , Daegu , South Korea .
Budihni ( pronounced ( buˈdiːxni ) ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Vipava River southeast of Dornberk in the Municipality of Nova Gorica in western Slovenia .
Fenoughil ( Arabic : ﻓﻨﻮﻏﻴﻞ‎ ) is a commune , and the capital of Fenoughil District , Adrar Province , in south - central Algeria .
Mondello is a small borough of the city of Palermo in the autonomous region of Sicily in Southern Italy .
Kuri Dolal ( Urdu : كُرىدولال‎ ) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil , Punjab , Pakistan .
Sugarmouse Island is an unpopulated islet located close to the south - western coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Jagdalpur Airport ( IATA : JGB ) is located near Jagdalpur , in the state of Chhattisgarh , India .
Maklár is a municipality ( Hungarian : község ) in Heves county , in the Egri Subregion in Hungary .
Klerksdorp is a city located in the North West Province , South Africa .
Aşağı Apu ( also , Ashagy Apu and Nizhneye Apu ) is a village in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Elzbach ( also : Elz ) is a small river in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , a left tributary of the Moselle .
Khademabad ( Persian : خادم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Khādemābād and Khādemabād ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Khādemābād ) is a village in Meyami Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Khuvkhoitun ( Russian : Хувхойтун ) sometimes referred to as Gora Khuvkhoitun is a stratovolcano located on Russia 's Kamchatka Peninsula .
Caravela is the northernmost island of the Bissagos Islands of Guinea - Bissau .
Las Villuercas is a comarca located in the province of Cáceres , western Spain .
Bamiyan University ( Persian : دانشگاه بامیان‎ , established approximately 1994 or 1997 ) is in Bamiyan Province , central Afghanistan , part of the Hazara - populated region known as the Hazarajat .
Stora Skedvi is a part of Säter Municipality located by the Dal River in Sweden .
Killarney Lakelands and Headwaters Provincial Park is a provincial park in central Ontario , Canada .
Oigon Lake ( Mongolian : Ойгон нуур ) is a lake in Zavkhan , in north - western Mongolia .
As a commune , Treguaco is a third - level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council , headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years .
Soldiers of the Polish First Army Park otherwise known as Praga Park is a park in Warsaw , Poland .
Tasquillo ( Otomi : Maxei ) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo , in central - eastern Mexico .
Rudrasagar Lake , also known as Rudijala , is a lake located in Melaghar , Tripura , India .
Kootenay Pass , known locally as `` the Salmo - Creston '' is a mountain pass in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia , Canada .
The Eumeralla River , a perennial river of the Glenelg Hopkins catchment , is located in the Western District of Victoria , Australia .
Anandavana Agadi is located near the city of Haveri in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Lehri Nature Park is situated in Jhelum District , northern Punjab , Pakistan .
Tát ( German : Taath ) is a town in Komárom - Esztergom county , Hungary .
Ramachandrapuram is a village in Nalgonda district of Telangana , India .
Łominy ( wɔˈminɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Shichongkou Town ( simplified Chinese : 石冲口镇 ; traditional Chinese : 石沖口鎮 ; pinyin : Shichongkou Zhen ) is an urban town in Xinhua County , Loudi City , Hunan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Shenzhou Railway Station is a railway station of Hainan East Ring Intercity Rail , serving the county - level city of Wanning , located in Hainan , People 's Republic of China .
The Pico River is a binational river of Patagonian Argentina and Chile .
Gun Island is one of the larger islands in the Pelsaert Group of the Houtman Abrolhos , in the Indian Ocean off the west coast of Australia .
Oryahovo ( Bulgarian : Оряхово ) is a port city in northwestern Bulgaria , part of Vratsa Province .
Gryllefjord Chapel ( Norwegian : Gryllefjord kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Torsken in Troms county , Norway .
Asadabad - e Chenar ( Persian : اسدآباد چنار‎ , also Romanized as Asadābād - e Chenār ) is a village in Mirbag - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Piasutno ( pjaˈsutnɔ ) ( German : Piassutten ; 1938 - 45 : Seenwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Thouars ( pronounced : ( twaʁ ) ) is a commune in the Deux - Sèvres department in western France .
Máximo Fernández ( Rail station Juan F. Salaberry ) is a hamlet in Bragado county , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Defence Scheme No . 1 was created on April 12 , 1921 , and details a surprise invasion of the northern United States as soon as possible after evidence was received of an American invasion of Canada .
Dalj ( Hungarian : Dálya , Serbian Cyrillic : Даљ ) is a village on the Danube in eastern Croatia , near the confluence of the Drava and Danube , on the border with Serbia .
Velikooktyabrsky ( Russian : Великооктябрьский ) is a urban - type settlement in Firovsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia .
Qalui Zendan ( Persian : قالوي زندان‎ , also Romanized as Qālūī Zendān ; also known as Qālū Zendān ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ovesné Kladruby ( German : Habakladrau ) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
Kongeegen ( the King Oak ) is an oak tree in Denmark .
Ulakh - An ( Russian : Улах-Ан ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Zhersky Rural Okrug of Khangalassky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 16 kilometers ( 9.9 mi ) from Pokrovsk , the administrative center of the district .
Niyur ( Persian : نيور‎ , also Romanized as Nīyūr ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Trévago or Trébago is a municipality located in the province of Soria , Castile and León , Spain .
Bank Negara Monetary Notes ( BNMN ) are securities issued by Bank Negara Malaysia replacing the existing Bank Negara Bills ( BNB ) for purposes of managing liquidity in both the conventional and Islamic financial market .
Sulewo - Kownaty ( suˈlɛvɔ kɔvˈnatɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Sovereign Grant Act 2011 ( c. 15 ) is the Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which introduced the Sovereign Grant , the payment which is paid annually to the Monarch by the Government .
Kiełki ( ˈkʲɛu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Štalcerji ( pronounced ( ˈʃtaːlcɛɾji ) or ( ˈʃtaːu̯cɛɾji ) ; previously also Štalcarji , German : Stalzern ) is a settlement in the hills south of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
The Palanga Amber Museum ( Lithuanian : Palangos gintaro muziejus ) , near the Baltic Sea in Palanga , Lithuania , is a branch of the Lithuanian Art Museum .
Akçaabat Fatih Stadium ( Turkish : Akçaabat Fatih Stadı ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Akçaabat district of Trabzon , Turkey .
The École nationale d'administration publique ( ENAP or National School of Public Administration ) is a school in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .
Fairview Mall ( branded as CF Fairview Mall ) is a major shopping centre in Toronto , Ontario , Canada of about 80,000 m² ( 900,000 ft2 ) .
Lauterbourg ( German : Lauterburg ) is a commune and Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
St. Radegund , also Sankt Radegund is a municipality in the district of Braunau am Inn in the Austrian state of Upper Austria , named after Saint Radegund .
Hermanos Ameijeiras Airport ( IATA : VTU , ICAO : MUVT ) is a regional airport that serves the city of Las Tunas in Cuba .
Mojstrana ( pronounced ( ˈmoːi̯stɾana ) ; German : Meistern ) is a village in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The El Colegio de Veracruz ( Colver ) is a college in the city of Xalapa , Veracruz , Mexico .
Sylling is a village in Lier municipality , in the county of Buskerud , Norway .
The Cima Undici - Elferkofel ( Italian : Cima Undici ; German : Elferkofel ) is a mountain in the Sexten Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Sognesjøen is a strait in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Mount Ma Alalta is a stratovolcano in Ethiopia , also known as Pierre Pruvost , and Gar Uli .
Dubliany ( Ukrainian : Дубляни ; Polish : Dublany ) is a city in Zhovkva Raion , Lviv Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Soroako , also spelled Sorowako , is a small mining town in the north - east of South Sulawesi province , in the centre of Sulawesi island in Indonesia .
Archbishop Denis O'Connor Catholic High School ( abbreviated DO'C ) is a Roman Catholic high school located in Ajax , Ontario , Canada , within the Durham Catholic District School Board .
Danpur is a town in Danpur Mandal in Bulandshahr District in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Vyborg Cathedral was a church in Vyborg , present day Russia , at the time Grand Duchy of Finland and later in independent Finland .
Romeas Haek District is a district located in Svay Rieng Province , Cambodia .
PRISA Televisión , S.A.U ( PRISA TV ) is a leading pay TV company in Spain .
Cape Palascìa , commonly known as Capo d'Otranto , is Italy 's most easterly point .
Wat Phra Si Sanphet ( Thai : วัดพระศรีสรรเพชญ์ ; `` Temple of the Holy , Splendid Omniscient '' ) was the holiest temple on the site of the old Royal Palace in Thailand 's ancient capital of Ayutthaya until the city was completely destroyed by the Burmese in 1767 .
The Rafflesia Forest Reserve covers an area of 356 ha of Tambunan district , Sabah , Malaysia .
Aarhus Airport ( Danish : Aarhus Lufthavn ) ( IATA : AAR , ICAO : EKAH ) is a civilian airport located in Tirstrup , Denmark , which is 19.4 nautical miles ( 35.9 km ; 22.3 mi ) northeast of Aarhus .
The Centenario Tower ( Spanish : Torre Centenario ) is a skyscraper in Santiago , the capital of Chile .
Vyzhnytsia National Nature Park is a protected area in south - western Ukraine which administration is located in the town Berehomet .
Park Hyatt Hyderabad is a luxury hotel located in the Banjara Hills neighbourhood of Hyderabad , India that opened on 29 April 2012 .
Žabeni ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Жабени ; Albanian : Zhabjan ) is a village 9.71 kilometers away from Bitola , which is the second largest city in Macedonia .
Bad Rodach is a town in the district of Coburg , in Upper Franconia , a north Bavarian Regierungsbezirk , Germany .
Chropyně ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈxropɪɲɛ ) ) is a town in the Zlín Region , Czech Republic .
Pozba ( Hungarian : Pozba ) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Khaneh - ye Khosrow ( Persian : خانه خسرو‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh - ye Khosrow ) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Erdöl - Erdgas - Museum Twist in Twist , Germany is a museum for crude oil and natural gas and shows technical equipment for mineral exploration of these natural energy resources and gives information about their geological origin .
Uzquiano is a village in the Enclave of Treviño of the province of Burgos , Spain .
The Ōhinemahuta River , formerly known as the Onamalutu River , is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Ratowo - Leśniczówka ( raˈtɔvɔ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ontario Parks is the branch of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry that administers the provincial parks in Ontario , Canada .
The Aprilov National High School ( Национална Априловска гимназия ) in Gabrovo is the first modern secular school in Bulgaria .
Ney Padan ( Persian : ني پدان‎ , also Romanized as Ney Padān ; also known as Nīfdān ) is a village in Karvandar Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lisy Nos railway station ( Russian : Ста́нция Ли́сий нос ) , Fox Nose is a railway station in Lisy Nos , St. Petersburg , Russia .
Sarab - e Rahim Khan ( Persian : سراب رحيم خان‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Raḩīm Khān ; also known as Sarāb ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Mahali Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Saiwa Swamp National Park is located near Kitale , Rift Valley Province , Kenya .
The Zoological Museum of Kiel University is a zoological museum in Kiel , Germany .
Nowy Dzikowiec ( ˈnɔvɨ d͡ʑiˈkɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzikowiec , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Wonopringgo is a village and subdistrict in Pekalongan Regency in Central Java , Indonesia .
Purau is a small settlement in Canterbury , New Zealand , facing Lyttelton Harbour .
Ōkārito Lagoon is a coastal lagoon on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island .
Merna Mora Station also known as Mern Merna is a pastoral lease that currently operates as a sheep station cattle station and horse station in South Australia .
Oude IJsselstreek is a municipality in the eastern Netherlands .
Gebang ( Indonesian : Candi Gebang ) is an 8th - century Hindu temple located on the outskirts of Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
Pasni Fish Harbour is located in Pasni , Balochistan , Pakistan , operated by the Government of Balochistan .
Gelaz ( Persian : گلاز‎ , also Romanized as Gelāz ; also known as Kelāz ) is a village in Dasht - e Bil Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Daraa ( Arabic : درعا‎ , Levantine Arabic : ( ˈdarʕa ) ) , also Darʿā , Dara’a , Deraa , Dera , and Derʿā ( `` fortress '' , compare Dura - Europos ) , is a city in southwestern Syria , just north of the border with Jordan .
Wadi Mujib , known from the Hebrew Bible as River Arnon , is a river in Jordan which enters the Dead Sea at 410 metres ( 1,350 ft ) below sea level .
Commitment , Renewal and Order ( Spanish : Compromiso , Renovación y Orden , CREO ) is a political party in Guatemala .
Donnycarney or Donnycarny ( Irish : Domhnach Cearna ) is a Northside suburb in the city of Dublin , Ireland .
The Österreichische Mediathek collects audio - visual media published or produced in Austria , as well as international recordings relating to Austria .
Housed in the Neuen Residenz ( to which it moved in 2005 ) , the Salzburg Museum is the museum of artistic and cultural history for the city and region of Salzburg , Austria .
Bogoroditsk ( Russian : Богоро́дицк ) is a town and the administrative center of Bogoroditsky District in Tula Oblast , Russia , located on the Upyorta River , a tributary of the Upa .
During the insurgency in the Republic of Macedonia , Vešala along with most villages of the Šar Mountains acted as a supply base and safe zone for the NLA forces .
Åssiden is the largest borough of Drammen in Buskerud county , Norway .
The ' Elektriciteits Produktiemaatschappij Zuid - Nederland ( EPZ ) , or Electricity Production Company South - Netherlands is the operator of the coal- and nuclear power plants located in Borssele in the Netherlands .
The Serra Grande Gold Mine is a gold mine located 5 km from Crixás , in the Goiás state of Brazil .
The Torre dei Pulci is a historical tower in Florence , Italy .
Tulln an der Donau ( Tulln on the Danube ) is a town in the Austrian state of Lower Austria , and the seat of the Tulln district .
Penticton is a city in the Okanagan Valley of the Southern Interior of British Columbia , Canada , situated between Okanagan and Skaha Lakes .
The Eshkol Power Station is a power station supplying electrical power to the Shephelah region in Israel .
Kontovazaina ( Greek : Κοντοβάζαινα ) is a village and a former municipality in Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Skejby Sygehus or Aarhus University Hospital , Skejby , is a large university hospital located in Aarhus in Denmark .
Stadio San Paolo is a stadium in the western suburb of Fuorigrotta in Naples , Italy , and is the third largest football stadium in Italy after the San Siro and Stadio Olimpico .
Sebenje ( pronounced ( sɛˈbeːnjɛ ) ; German : Sebeine ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Din l - Art Ħelwa , National Trust of Malta , is a non - governmental , non - profit , voluntary organisation founded in 1965 to safeguard Malta 's cultural heritage and natural environment .
Rasht ( Persian : رشت‎‎ Rašt ; Gilaki : Rèsht ; also Romanized as Resht and Rast , and often spelt Recht in French and older German manuscripts ) is the capital city of Gilan Province , Iran .
Shaftalustan ( Persian : شفتالوستان‎ , also Romanized as Shaftālūstān and Shaftālestān ; also known as Qal``eh - ye Shaftālestān ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 13 , in 5 families .
Costa Calma is a beach holiday resort town in the Canarian island of Fuerteventura , Spain .
Jodłowa ( jɔdˈwɔva ) is a village in Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Glenview Park Secondary School is a high school in Cambridge , Ontario , Canada , for students in South Galt .
Psyllatos ( Greek : Ψυλλάτος , Turkish : Sütlüce ) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , located 5 km west of Lefkoniko on the mian Nicosia - Trikomo highway .
Remiszew ( rɛˈmiʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Thar Power Plant is a coal - fired power plant in Thar district , Sindh , Pakistan .
Disina is a town in Shira Local Government Area , Bauchi State , northeastern Nigeria , located 35 kilometres southwest of Azare .
Mutusjärvi is a medium - sized lake in the Paatsjoki main catchment area in Lapland region in Finland .
The Central Ontario Junior C Hockey League is a Junior `` C '' ice hockey league in Ontario , Canada , sanctioned by the Ontario Hockey Association .
Botsra , Botzrah , Bozrah ( Arabic : بصرة‎,Hebrew : בצרה‎ ) is an ancient biblical city in southern modern - day Jordan , adjacent to the modern town of Bouseira ( alternatively Buseirah or Busheira . )
Karahunj ( Armenian : Քարահունջ ; also Romanized as K’arahunj , Karaundzh , and Karahundj ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in Armenia in Syunik province known for archaeological site Zorats Karer , located 4 km south of the city of Goris .
The Higher University of San Andrés ( Universidad Mayor de San Andrés or UMSA ) is a university in La Paz , Bolivia .
The Russian Chapel in Darmstadt , formally , the St. Mary Magdalene Chapel , is an historic Russian orthodox church in Darmstadt , Germany .
The German Sociological Association ( Deutsche Gesellschaft für Soziologie , DGS ) organizes social scientists in Germany .
Prilly ( French pronunciation : ​(pʁiji ) ) is a municipality in Switzerland in the canton of Vaud , located in the district of Ouest Lausannois .
Balatonszárszó is a village along the southern shore of Lake Balaton in Somogy county , Hungary .
The Nonsberg Group ( German : Nonsberggruppe , Italian : Alpi della Val di Non ) is a mountain range in South Tyrol and Trentino in Italy and part of the Southern Limestone Alps .
Buton Regency ( Kabupaten Buton ) is a regency of Indonesia 's Southeast Sulawesi Province .
The Hispaniolan pine forests are a tropical coniferous forest ecoregion found on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola , which is shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic .
Namunukula is the name of a mountain range in Sri Lanka 's province of Uva .
Gornje Raštane is a village in a municipality Sveti Filip i Jakov , in Zadar County , Croatia .
Bodzechów ( bɔˈd͡zɛxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Foetz ( Luxembourgish : Féiz ) is a small town located in the commune of Mondercange , in south - western Luxembourg .
Velhartice ( German : Welhartitz ) is a village in the Czech Republic dating to the 13th century , dominated by the Gothic castle Hrad Velhartice .
Topol pri Medvodah ( pronounced ( ˈtɔːpɔl pɾi mɛˈdʋoːdax ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Scindia Kanya Vidyalaya ( SKV ) is a girls school in Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh in India .
Senieji Trakai Castle was a castle in Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) , Lithuania .
Szepietowo ( ʂɛpjɛˈtɔvɔ ) is a town in Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lower Kananaskis Lake is a natural lake that was turned into a reservoir in Kananaskis Country in Alberta , Canada .
Loch McNess , also known as Yanchep Lake , is a freshwater lake located near Yanchep in the northern part of the coastal plain of Perth , Western Australia .
Lopburi ( Thai : ลพบุรี ; pronunciation ) is the capital city of Lopburi Province in Thailand .
The General Zionists ( Hebrew : הַצִיּוֹנִים הַכְּלָלִיים , translit . HaTzionim HaKlaliym ) were a centre - right Zionist movement and a political party in Israel .
Dzelukope is a town located near Keta in the Volta Region of Ghana .
Bezgarji ( pronounced ( bəˈzɡaːɾji ) ; German : Wisgarn ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia .
Polatlı ( formerly Ancient Greek : Γορδιον , Gòrdion and Latin : Gordium ) is a city and a district in Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey , 80 km west of the Turkish capital Ankara , on the road to Eskişehir .
The Togagawa Dam is a gravity dam on the Togagawa River ( a tributary of the Shō River ) near Taikanba village about 26 km ( 16 mi ) southeast of Shogawa in Toyama Prefecture , Japan .
The Mannheim School of Law and Economics ( MSLE ) is among the largest of the five schools of the University of Mannheim , located in Mannheim , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Monserrato ( Pauli or Paulli in Sardinian language ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the province of Cagliari , southern Sardinia , Italy , located about 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) northeast of Cagliari .
Suhozem ( Bulgarian : Сухозем ) is a village in the Kaloyanovo Municipality , Plovdiv Province , southern Bulgaria .
The Windward River is a river in Fiordland , New Zealand , flowing into Gold Arm , Charles Sound .
Pratteln ( Swiss German : Brattele ) is a municipality in the canton of Basel - Landschaft in Switzerland , located in the district of Liestal .
Grenen is often considered the northmost landarea of Denmark proper ( excluding the Faroe Islands and Greenland ) , but the northmost point is actually located 2,5 km northwest of Grenen on the beach of Nordstrand and is 700 m further north to be precise .
The West Eifel ( German : Westeifel ) refers to that part of the Eifel mountains in Germany that is centred on the town of Prüm and reaches as far as the border with Belgium and Luxembourg .
Wiswillani ( hispanicized spellings Huishuillane , Huishuillani , erroneously also Huishillani ) or Q'asa ( Quechua for mountain pass , hispanicized spelling Ccasa ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,070.3 metres ( 16,635 ft ) high .
Verin Ptghni ( Armenian : Վերին Պտղնի ; also , Kerin Ptghni ) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
The Academy of Gondishapur ( in Modern Persian : دانشگاه گندی‌شاپور‎‎ , Dânešgâh - e Gondišâpur ) , was one of the three Sasanian centers of education ( Ctesiphon , Resaina , Gundeshapur ) and academy of learning in the city of Gundeshapur , Iran during late antiquity , the intellectual center of the Sasanian Empire .
Kiltan or Kiltān Island ( Malayalam : കില്‍ത്താന്‍ ) is a coral island belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Lakshadweep archipelago in India .
Lomé , with a population of 837,437 ( metro population 1,570,283 ) , is the capital and largest city of Togo .
The Hospital Bazán is a historical building in Marbella , Andalucia , Spain .
Hamzehlu - ye Sofla ( Persian : حمزه لوسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamzehlū - ye Soflá and Hamzehloo Sofla ; also known as Ḩamzehlū and Ḩamzehlū - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Kamazan - e Vosta Rural District , Zand District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Aniwa Airport ( IATA : AWD , ICAO : NVVB ) is an airfield on the island of Aniwa , in the Taféa province in Vanuatu .
Gerdik Naser ( Persian : گرديك ناصر‎ , also Romanized as Gerdīk Nāşer and Gerdīknāşer ; also known as Gerdaknāşer ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Portuguese Navy ( Portuguese : Marinha Portuguesa , also known as Marinha de Guerra Portuguesa or as Armada Portuguesa ) is the naval branch of the Portuguese Armed Forces which , in cooperation and integrated with the other branches of the Portuguese military , is charged with the military defence of Portugal .
Sefiddar ( Persian : سفيددر‎ , also Romanized as Sefīddar ) is a village in Alamut - e Pain Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Panchkula district ( Hindi : पंचकुला़ जिला ; Punjabi : ਪੰਚਕੂਲਾ ਜ਼ਿਲ੍ਹਾ ) was formed as the 17th district of Haryana state in India on 15 August 1995 .
The Alberta Golden Bears are the men 's athletic teams that represent the University of Alberta in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Reef Diver was an Enterprise amusement ride in the Ocean Parade section of Dreamworld on the Gold Coast , Australia .
Pir Soleyman ( Persian : پيرسليمان‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Soleymān ) is a village in Badr Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Premier Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park near Sparwood , British Columbia , Canada .
The Tarraleah Power Station is a pumped - storage hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania , Australia .
Kantan ( Persian : كنتان‎‎ , also Romanized as Kantān ) is a village in Zarabad - e Sharqi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Irish Management Institute ( IMI ) is an educational institute in Dublin , Ireland , offering short courses , Postgraduate Diplomas and Master 's degrees in Business and Management .
Pizzo Coca is a mountain that straddles the Val Seriana and the Valtellina in Lombardy , Italy .
The Lorrain Republican Union ( French : Union républicaine lorraine , URL ) was a Christian democratic party in Moselle , France during the Third Republic .
Apiolae ( also Appiolae ) was a town in ancient Latium , Italy .
Sillyon ( Greek : Σίλλυον ) , also Sylleion ( Σύλλειον ) , in Byzantine times Syllaeum or Syllaion ( Συλλαῖον ) , was an important fortress and city near Attaleia in Pamphylia , on the southern coast of modern Turkey .
Sofades ( Greek : Σοφάδες , Sofádes ) is a town and municipality in Thessaly , central Greece belonging to the regional unit of Karditsa .
Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz Regional Airport ( IATA : ELQ , ICAO : OEGS ) , formerly Qassim Regional Airport and widely known in the air - travel industry as `` Gassim '' ( from Al - Qassim Province in which it lies ) , is an airport in Buraidah , Saudi Arabia .
Janno ( ˈjannɔ ) ( German : Winkel ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sanjō Keihan Station ( 三条京阪駅 Sanjō Keihan Eki ) is a subway station in Higashiyama ward , city of Kyoto , Kyoto Prefecture , Japan .
Bongsanglay Natural Park ( also spelled Bongsalay and Bujong Sanglay ) is a protected area of mangrove forests and swamps on Ticao Island in the Bicol Region of the Philippines .
Samsolik ( Persian : سم‌سالیک‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Shivam Road is a major area in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Eram Amusement Park is the largest theme park in Iran .
Sukarrieta ( Spanish : Pedernales ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Mersin Museum is the main museum of Mersin , Turkey .
Tramain ( Breton : Tremaen , Gallo : Tramaen ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Cape Eluanbi ( Chinese : 鵝鑾鼻 ; pinyin : Éluánbí ; Wade -- Giles : O2-luan2-pi2 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Gô - lôan - phīⁿ ) is a cape in Hengchun Township , Pingtung County , Taiwan .
Al Hudaiba ( Arabic : الحضيبة‎ ) is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Villars - sur - Ollon , commonly referred to as Villars , is a village in Switzerland in the canton of Vaud , part of the municipality of Ollon .
Morshansk ( Russian : Морша́нск ) is a town in Tambov Oblast , Russia , located on the Tsna River ( Oka 's basin ) 93 kilometers ( 58 mi ) north of Tambov .
Ostrożna ( ɔsˈtrɔʐna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Psača Monastery is an Orthodox Christian Monastery in the village of Psača , Republic of Macedonia .
Central University of Jammu in Jammu , Jammu and Kashmir , India has been established through an Act of Parliament : `` The Central Universities Act , 2009 `` by Govt . of India . It started functioning from 2011 . Dr. Sudhir Singh Bloeria is its first vice chancellor .
Villa Jovis ( `` Villa of Jupiter '' ; also Villa Iovis , sometimes misspelled Villa Ionis ) is a Roman palace on Capri , southern Italy , built by emperor Tiberius and completed in AD 27 .
Ruili ( simplified Chinese : 瑞丽 ; traditional Chinese : 瑞麗 ; pinyin : Ruìlì ) is a county - level city of Dehong Prefecture , in the west of Yunnan province , People 's Republic of China .
Ytste Skotet is a complete , preserved , historical farm located in Stordal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Palace of the Kraków Bishops in Kielce ( Polish : Pałac Biskupów Krakowskich w Kielcach ) , was built in the 17th century as a summer residence of Bishops of Kraków in Kielce , Poland .
Shahba ( Arabic : شهبا‎ / ALA - LC : Shahbā ) , known in Late Antiquity as Philippopolis , is a city located 87 km south of Damascus in the Jabal el Druze in As - Suwayda Governorate of Syria , but formerly in the Roman province of Arabia Petraea .
Kapchagay Reservoir , also spelled Qapshaghay Bogeni Reservoir and sometimes referred to as Lake Kapchagay , is a major reservoir in Almaty Region in southeastern Kazakhstan , approximately 60 kilometres north of Almaty .
Spodnja Polskava ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja pɔlˈskaːʋa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Quinaoayanan is a barangay of Bani , Pangasinan province , in the Philippines .
The South Jasper Ranges are mountain ranges of the Rocky Mountains in Alberta and British Columbia , Canada .
Aruvikkuzhy Falls ( not to be confused with Aruvikkuzhi Waterfalls ) is a waterfall about 100 feet ( 30 m ) high located about 2 km from Thadiyoor and 7 km from Kozhencherry in the Pathanamthitta district , Kerala , India .
Forest Hill College is a co - educational state secondary college in Burwood East , Victoria , Australia .
Seoraksan is the highest mountain in the Taebaek mountain range ( 태백산맥 ) in the Gangwon Province in eastern South Korea .
Parisan ( Persian : پريسان‎ , also Romanized as Parīsān ) is a village in Irafshan Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Foster Yeoman Limited , based in the United Kingdom , is one of Europe 's largest quarrying and asphalt companies .
The Pillory of Arcos de Valdevez ( Portuguese : Pelourinho de Arcos de Valdevez ) is a pillory located in Arcos de Valdevez ( São Salvador ) , Vila Fonche e Parada , Arcos de Valdevez Municipality , Portugal .
In March 2000 , John Paul II visited the ruins of Capernaum during his visit to Israel .
Ryongwang Pavilion is a scenic overlook located in the central district of Pyongyang , North Korea .
Sri Shanmuga Hindu Ladies College ( also known as Trincomalee Ladies College or Trinco Ladies College ) is a national school in Trincomalee , Sri Lanka .
Sapulut is a town along Sapulut River in the Interior Division of Sabah , Malaysia .
Chengicherla Abattoir is a slaughterhouse located in Chengicherla village near Hyderabad , TS , India .
Scarborough City Centre is a city centre in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Władysławów Popowski ( vwadɨˈswavuf pɔˈpɔfski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Huvafen Fushi ( Nakachcchaafushi ) is a private resort island retreat by Per AQUUM in the North Malé atoll , Kaafu , Maldives Indian Ocean .
Szumin ( ˈʂumin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Quri Pintay ( Quechua quri gold , pintay to paint / painting ( a borrowing from Spanish pintar to paint ) hispanicized spelling Jori Pintay ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Cehegín ( Spanish : ( θe(e)ˈxin ) , locally : ( θeˈxin ) ) is a town and municipality in the province and autonomous community of Murcia , Spain , situated some 66 km from the city of Murcia .
The Toronto Rebels Australian Football Club are an amateur Australian rules football club based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Frøysjøen is a fjord ( or more accurately , a strait ) in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
As of 2011 India census , Warisaliganj Nagar Panchayat has population of 34,056 of which 17,874 are males while 16,182 are females as per report released by Census India 2011 .
Cheshmeh - ye Sar ( Persian : چشمه سار‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Sār ) is a village in Pol - e Doab Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Hajji Firuz Tepe is an archaeological site located in West Azarbaijan province in north - western Iran .
Palanga circuit is a temporary race track , located in Lithuania , 2 kilometers from resort town Palanga .
Široka planina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Широка планина ) is a mountain in southern Serbia , near the Macedonian border .
Plebanówka ( plɛbaˈnufka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sinji Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈsiːnji ˈʋəɾx ) ; German : Schweinberg ) is a village in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Templeuve Castle , also known as Castle of Formanoir de La Cazerie , is a castle in Templeuve Belgium .
Brzękowice Górne ( bʐɛŋkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Skotbu is a village in Ski municipality , south of Ski , in the county of Akershus , Norway .
Khurhuy ( Persian : خورهوئ‎ , also Romanized as Khūrhūy ) is a village in Senderk Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The title Baron of Loughmoe is an Irish feudal barony located in northern County Tipperary , Ireland .
Qomra Ali ( Persian : قمراعلي‎ , also Romanized as Qomrā ʿAlī ) is a village in Cheleh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
One of Brazil 's largest airlines , TAM , got its start as Táxi Aéreo Marília here in 1961 .
Arnolec ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈarnolɛts ) ; German : Arnoldsdorf ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Toyoma Education Museum exhibits the history of education in Japan since the Meiji period .
Lehnin Abbey ( German : Kloster Lehnin ) is a former Cistercian monastery in Lehnin in Brandenburg , Germany .
Christian Social Union ( CSU ) ( 22 ) Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) ( 14 ) Green Party ( 3 ) Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) ( 2 ) Free Voters ' Union ( FWG ) ( 2 ) Pro Neu - Ulm ( 1 )
Sibbinda , also Sibinda , is a village in the Caprivi Strip of northern Namibia , situated 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) west of Katima Mulilo .
Wave - Gotik - Treffen ( ger . das Treffen means `` the meeting '' ) is an annual world festival for `` dark '' music and arts in Leipzig , Germany .
Kuy Patkuk Dasht Kuh ( Persian : كوئ پتكوك دشتكوه‎ , also Romanized as Kūy Patkūk Dasht Kūh ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Rondane National Park ( Norwegian : Rondane nasjonalpark ) is the oldest national park in Norway , established on 21 December 1962 .
Diponegoro University ( Indonesian : Universitas Diponegoro , abbreviated as Undip ) is a public university located in Semarang , Central Java , Indonesia .
Yermolino Airport ( Russian : аэропорт Ермолино ) ( also given as Borovsk ) ( ICAO : UUWE ) is an airport in Russia located 6 kilometers ( 3.7 mi ) north - west of Balabanovo .
Klášterec nad Ohří ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈklaːʃtɛrɛts ˈnat ʔoɦr̝iː ) ; German : Klösterle an der Eger ) is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
As of 2001 India census , Meghahatuburu Forest village had a population of 6,879 .
Sarbak ( Persian : ساربك‎ , also Romanized as Sārbak ; also known as Sabū , Sar Bug , Sārbūg , and Sārbūk ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
All Saints Memorial Church is a heritage - listed church at Tamrookum Church Road , Tamrookum , Queensland , Australia .
As of 2013 , St Andrew 's Healthcare employs over 4,000 people across the United Kingdom and receives over 95 % of its revenue ( and patients ) from the National Health Service through referrals from NHS commissioners .
Wielen is a small village in the district of Grafschaft Bentheim in Lower Saxony , Germany , and belongs to the Joint Community ( Samtgemeinde ) of Uelsen .
Zlobino ( Russian : Зло́бино ) is a village in Kashinsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia .
Dorudzan ( Persian : درودزن‎ , also Romanized as Dorūdzan and Drūdzan ) is a village in Dorudzan Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hsinbo ( also Sinbo ) is a town on the Irrawaddy River in Myitkyina Township , Kachin State , Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Te Kowhai is a small rural town situated 15 km north west of Hamilton City in New Zealand .
Grębków ( ˈɡrɛmpkuf ) is a village in Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Glibovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Глибовац ) is a village located in the municipality of Smederevska Palanka in the Podunavlje district of Serbia .
Museum Van Loon is a museum located in a canalside house alongside the Keizersgracht in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Sarnowy ( sarˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Singkil Barat Nature Reserve is a 650-square - kilometre ( 250 sq mi ) nature reserve found on the island of Sumatra , Indonesia .
Grootmis is a settlement near the mouth of the Buffels River in South Africa .
Desouk ( Arabic : دسوق‎ Dosūq , Egyptian Arabic pronunciation : ( dɪˈsuːʔ ) ) is a city in northern Egypt .
Gamzigrad ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гамзиград , pronounced ( ɡǎmziɡraːd ) ) is an archaeological site , spa resort and UNESCO World Heritage Site of Serbia , located south of the Danube river , near the city of Zaječar .
The Usinskoe mine is a mine located in the south of Russia in Kemerovo Oblast .
Amal International School ( also called and abbreviated as A.I.S. ) , is a popular middle - class international school in Sri Lanka .
Osso de Cinca ( Spanish : ( ˈoso ðe ˈθiŋka ) ) or Ossó de Cinca ( Catalan : ( uˈso ðə ˈsiŋkə ) , locally : ( oˈso ðe ˈsiŋka ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
German company law ( Gesellschaftsrecht ) is an influential legal regime for companies in Germany .
The Pam Islands are an island group in the Bismarck Sea , belonging to Papua New Guinea .
Pathé Records was a France - based international record label and producer of phonographs , active from the 1890s through the 1930s .
İnandıktepe is an archaeological site located in Cankiri Province , Turkey , about 50 miles northeast of Ankara .
Miłoszyce ( miwɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Meleschwitz , Fünfteichen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz - Laskowice , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Rajjammana is a small Village in Matale District Sri Lanka .
Al Ghabat also ( Ghabat ) is a village in Lebanon located in the Jurd area of the district of Jbeil in the Mount Lebanon region , about 74 kilometres northeast of Beirut .
Mian Rah ( Persian : ميان راه‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Rāh ; also known as Mīān Rāh - e Vīzhehnān and Mīān Rāh - e Vīzhnān ) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Rusociny ( rusɔˈt͡ɕinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
S. Thomas ' College , Bandarawela is a selective entry boys ' private school situated in the town of Bandarawela in the Uva Province of Sri Lanka .
At the 2001 Census of India , Phek had a population of 12,863 .
Monte Estância is a mountain in the southeastern part of the island Boa Vista in Cape Verde .
Tobruk or Tubruq ( /təˈbrʊk , toʊ-/ ; Arabic : طبرق‎ Ṭubruq ; also transliterated as Tóbruch , Tobruch , Tobruck and Tubruk ) is a port city on Libya 's eastern Mediterranean coast , near the border with Egypt .
Charmeh Dash ( Persian : چرمه داش‎ , also Romanized as Charmeh Dāsh ; also known as Charmdāsh ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The British Poultry Council is the United Kingdom 's national trade group for the poultry meat industry , representing them in public relations , policy making and standardisation .
As of 2011 India census , Nayagarh town had a population of 17,030 , of which male and female were 9000 and 8030 , respectively .
Aventuras AD was a videogame Spanish producer , one of the most popular in Spain during the Golden Era of Spanish Software in the 1980s , specialized in text adventure games .
Dodowa is a town located in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana , it is the district capital of Dangme West district , now Shai Osudoku District .
The Healesville Freeway is a proposed freeway in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Australia .
Łask ( wask ) is a town in central Poland with 18,029 inhabitants ( 2013 ) .
The 1964 Winter Olympics , officially known as the IX Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les IXes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) ( German : Olympische Winterspiele 1964 ) , was a winter multi - sport event which was celebrated in Innsbruck , Austria , from January 29 to February 9 , 1964 .
Helta ( Arabic : حلتا‎ ) is a town in North Lebanon .
Motulalo is the largest islet of Nukufetau , Tuvalu .
Mudroňovo ( Hungarian : Újpuszta ) is a small village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Blekholmsbron ( Swedish : `` Bridge of Bleaching Islet '' ) is a pedestrian bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden .
On 8 March 1990 , the Socialist Republic of Slovenia removed the prefix `` Socialist '' from its name , becoming the Republic of Slovenia , though remaining a constituent state of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia until 25 June 1991 , when it enacted the laws resulting in independence .
Nuuksio ( Finnish ) or Noux ( Swedish ) is a district of Espoo , a city in Finland , best known for the Nuuksio National Park .
Singarathope is a neighbourhood in the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu , India .
Santa Maria in Vallicella , also called Chiesa Nuova , is a church in Rome , Italy , which today faces onto the main thoroughfare of the Corso Vittorio Emanuele and the corner of Via della Chiesa Nuova .
Mur Pahn ( Persian : مورپهن‎ , also Romanized as Mūr Pahn ) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District , Sedeh District , Eqlid County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kudamurutti River a tributary of the Kaveri , is one of the five sacred rivers flows in Thiruvaiyaru in the Thanjavur District of the state of Tamil Nadu , in southeastern India .
The Victoria Standard is a small , biweekly newspaper published in Baddeck , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Llamachayuq ( Quechua llama llama , -cha , -yuq suffixes , `` with a little llama ( or llamas ) '' , also spelled Llamachayoq ) is an archaeological complex with petroglyphs in Peru .
Iolcos ( /aɪˈɒlkɒs/ ; also rendered Iolkos or Iolcus /aɪˈɒlkəs/ ; Greek : Ιωλκός ) is an ancient city , a modern village and a former municipality in Magnesia , Thessaly , Greece .
Saanen ( French : Gessenay ) is a municipality in the canton of Berne in Switzerland .
The Order of the Red Eagle ( German : Roter Adlerorden ) was an order of chivalry of the Kingdom of Prussia .
Mauricio Gilli Aerodrome ( Spanish : Aeródromo Mauricio Gilli -- Tucumán ) is an airport situated 16 km west of Yerba Buena , a city in the Province of Tucumán in the North Western Argentina .
Basser College , University of New South Wales is a residential college at the University of New South Wales in Sydney , Australia .
As of 2001 India census , Raghunathpur ( PS - Magra ) had a population of 14,109 .
Oksa ( ˈɔksa ) is a village in Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Nová Včelnice , until 1950 Nový Etynk - Včelnice ( German : Neuötting - Vtschelnitz ) , is a town in South Bohemia Region , the Czech Republic .
The University of Liverpool School of Medicine is a medical school located in Liverpool , United Kingdom and a part of the University of Liverpool .
The Public Record Office of Northern Ireland is distinguished from other archival institutions in the United Kingdom by its unique combination of private and official records .
Hirosaki Tōshō - gū ( 弘前東照宮 ) is a Shinto shrine in Hirosaki , Aomori Prefecture , Japan .
Fildu de Jos ( Hungarian : Alsófüld ) is a commune located in the southern part of Sălaj County , Romania .
Vraćevšnica ( pronounced ( v̞rǎtɕɛːv̞ʃnitsa ) ) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia .
Pilichy ( piˈlixɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Schindelkopf ( 629 m above sea level ( NN ) ) in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is a southwestern outlier of the mountain ridge known as Auf dem Acker ( 865.1 m ) .
Mount Garmo ( Tajik : Қуллаи Гармо , Qullai Garmo , Russian : пик Гармо , pik Garmo ) is a mountain of the Pamirs in Tajikistan , Central Asia , with a height reported to be between 6,595 metres and 6,602 metres .
The Raz de Sein is a stretch of water located between the Isle of Sein and the Pointe du Raz in Finistère in the Brittany region of France .
Miholjače ( Serbian Cyrillic : Михољаче ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
La Grande-3 Airport , ( IATA : YAR , ICAO : CYAD ) , is an airfield exclusively serving the La Grande-3 hydro - electric generating station in northern Quebec , Canada .
Megali Doxipara ( Greek : Μεγάλη Δοξιπάρα ) is a village in the municipality of Orestiada in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece .
Baghlar ( Persian : باغلار‎ , also Romanized as Bāghlār ) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Osterseen is a group of lakes in Bavaria , Germany .
The Chania Plain is a relatively level landform spreading southward from the city of Chania on the island of Crete in the present day country of Greece .
Buchcice ( buxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchów , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Institut Supérieur de Logistique Industrielle ( ISLI ) , or Institute for Supply Chain Excellence as it is called in English , is the Supply Chain Management academic department and research center of KEDGE Business School and located in Talence , France , in the suburb area of Bordeaux .
Farkhor Air Base is a military air base located near the town of Farkhor in Tajikistan , 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) south east of the capital Dushanbe .
Vlkas ( Hungarian : Valkház ) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
The 2000 European Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on May 21 , 2000 at the Nürburgring in Nürburg , Germany .
Klinga Church ( Norwegian : Klinga kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Diocese of Växjö is one of the 13 dioceses or regional units of the Lutheran Church of Sweden .
Vårdinge by folkhögskola is a folk high school located near a lake in Vårdinge , Sweden .
Dakoue , Dakoueh or Dekweh is a village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) southwest of Mejdel Anjar , Lebanon .
On Australia Day 2009 , 979fm was awarded Community Group of the Year by the Melton Shire Australia Day Awards showing a commitment to the local Melton Shire community .
Narmashir ( Persian : نرماشير‎ ; formerly , Rostamabad ( Persian : رستم آباد ) also Romanized as Rostamābād ) is a city in and capital of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kharehju ( Persian : خره جو‎ , also Romanized as Kharehjū ; also known as Kharehchū ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chokier ( Walloon : Tchôkire ) is a village and section of the municipality of Flémalle in the province of Liège in Belgium , located on the left bank of the river Meuse .
Mofar River is a west - flowing river of central Ethiopia , and part of the watershed of the Abay .
Epe ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈeːpə ) ) is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands .
Kolahabad ( Persian : كلاه اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kolāhābād ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Sharqi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gračišće ( Italian : Gallignana ) is a village and municipality of Istria County in Croatia .
The United Kingdom Census 2001 gave the Brighouse / Rastrick subdivision of the West Yorkshire Urban Area a population of 32,360 .
Brooketon Colliery , formerly known as Muara Coal Mine , was one of the underground coal mines in Brunei .
The Chiri River ( Bengali : চিরি নদী ) is a river in the northern part of Bangladesh .
The Rö runestone , designated under Rundata as Bo KJ73 U , is one of Sweden 's oldest and most notable runestones .
ING House is the former headquarters of ING Group at the business district Zuidas of Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
As of 2011 India census , The Ujina village has population of 8397 of which 4427 are males while 3970 are females as per Population Census 2011 .
Khormaksar ( UK : ( kəˈmæksə ) , Arabic : خورمكسر ( χɔːɾˈmaksaɾ ) ) , is a city district in Aden Governorate , Yemen , with a population of 47,044 according to 2004 census .
The Kaohsiung MRT Cultural Center Station is an underground station on the Orange Line in the edge of Sinsing District and Lingya District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Alburikent ( Russian : Альбурике́нт ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) under the administrative jurisdiction of Sovetsky City District of the City of Makhachkala in the Republic of Dagestan , Russia .
Qué ! is a free daily newspaper , published by Factoría de Información in Spain .
La Lisa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( la ˈlisa ) ) is one of the 15 municipalities or boroughs ( municipios in Spanish ) in the city of Havana , Cuba .
The Turra di a Calanca is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Olmeto in the département of Corse - du - Sud , Corsica , France .
North Albany Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the North West of Albany , a regional centre 420 kilometres ( 261 mi ) south - southeast of Perth , Western Australia .
Glentanner Aerodrome ( IATA : GTN , ICAO : NZGT ) is an aerodrome located at the north west end of Lake Pukaki in New Zealand .
Kahrizak ( Persian : كهريزك‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīzak ; also known as Kahrīzak - e Ghār ) is a city in and the capital of Kahrizak District , in Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Middle Pasco Islands comprise two similarly sized adjacent granite islands , with a combined area of 8.37 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Brits Airfield ( ICAO - Code : FABS ) is a small airfield located in Brits , South Africa .
The Arrondissement of Arlon ( French : Arrondissement d'Arlon ; Dutch : Arrondissement Aarlen ) is one of the five administrative arrondissements in the Province of Luxembourg , Belgium .
Cemetery of Punta Arenas is the public cemetery of the city of Punta Arenas , Chile .
Wood Islands Provincial Parks is a provincial park in Prince Edward Island , Canada , situated immediately south of Wood Islands and 55 km ( 34 mi ) from Charlottetown , the provincial capital .
Las Toninas is a town in La Costa Partido of the Province of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Crichton Street Public School was an elementary school in the New Edinburgh neighbourhood of Ottawa , Canada until 1999 .
The JW Marriott Absheron Baku Hotel , also Absheron Hotel is a skyscraper hotel in Baku , Azerbaijan , located on Azadliq Square next to Pushkin 's Park and the Crescent Hotel on the edge of the Caspian Sea .
Brdowo ( ˈbrdɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sidi Bishr ( Arabic : سيدي بشر‎ ) is a neighborhood in the Montaza District of Alexandria , Egypt .
Ubay National Science High School ( Filipino : Mataas na Pambansang Paaralang Pang - Agham ng Ubay ) , commonly called USci or SciHigh is a special public high school in the Philippines .
Vidyajyoti College of Theology ( literally , `` Light of Knowledge '' ) , Delhi , India , is an institute and faculty of theology run by the Jesuits .
The Quezon Protected Landscape is a protected area in the Republic of the Philippines , spanning the municipalities of Pagbilao , Padre Burgos and Atimonan in Quezon province .
Oebisfelde ( German pronunciation : ( øːbɪsˈfɛldə ) ) is a town and a former municipality in the Börde district in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Podzaldów ( pɔˈd͡zalduf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Squamish volcanic field is a small north - south trending volcanic field on the South Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Shannon Airport ( Irish : Aerfort na Sionainne ) ( IATA : SNN , ICAO : EINN ) is one of Ireland 's three primary airports , along with Dublin and Cork .
The Château Frontenac ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃɑto fʁɔ̃tənak ) ) is a grand hotel in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada , which is operated as Fairmont Le Château Frontenac .
RCAF Station De Winton was a World War II air training station located south of Calgary , and east of De Winton , Alberta , Canada .
Vila Nova de Famalicão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ fɐmɐliˈkɐ̃w ) ) is a town and municipality in the district of Braga , in the north of Portugal .
The Schauinsland ( literally `` look into the country '' ; near Freiburg i m Breisgau , Germany ) , is a mountain in the Black Forest with an elevation of 1,284 m ( 4213 ft ) above sea level .
Samara Metro ( Russian : Самарское Метро ) , formerly known as the Kuybyshev Metro ( Куйбышевское Метро ) , is a rapid transit system which serves the city of Samara , Russia .
The `` Royal Clock '' is located on the upper level of the southern half of the Queen Victoria Building in Sydney , Australia .
Opico ( or San Juan Opico ) is a municipality in the La Libertad department of El Salvador .
Žepa ( Cyrillic : Жепа ) is a town in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina , in the municipality of Rogatica , in the Republika Srpska entity .
Poothamkara Sree Dharma Sasta Temple is an ancient Hindu temple in Pathanamthitta district , about 10 km from Adoor , Kerala , India .
Ashbakh ( Persian : اشباخ‎ , also Romanized as Ashbākh ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Elde ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɛldə ) ) is a river in northern Germany ( Mecklenburg - Vorpommern and a few km in Brandenburg ) , a right tributary of the Löcknitz .
North Kawartha is a township in northern Peterborough County , Ontario , Canada .
The Canadian Junior Curling Championships is an annual curling tournament held to determine the best junior - level curling team in Canada .
Moodkee ( Punjabi : ਮੁਦਕੀ ) , also spelled Mudki , is a town in Punjab state of India .
The Kőbánya area was historically used to mine limestone for buildings in Buda and north - west Hungary .
Lalian Tehsil ( Urdu : لالیاں تحصيل‎ ) is a tehsil of Chiniot District and a city of Punjab , Pakistan .
Suvorovo ( Bulgarian : Суворово , pronounced ( suˈvɔruvu ) ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria , part of Varna Province .
Igoumenitsa ( , ) , is a coastal city in northwestern Greece .
Ayanggyo Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Sinam - dong and Hyomok - dong , Dong District , Daegu , South Korea .
Lagazuoi is a mountain in the Dolomites of northern Italy , lying at an altitude of 2,835 metres ( 9,301 ft ) , about 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) southwest by road from Cortina d'Ampezzo in the Veneto Region .
The Alcazaba of Badajoz is an ancient Moorish citadel in Badajoz , Extremadura , western Spain .
The Canton of Obwalden ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɔbˌvaldən ) ) is a canton of Switzerland .
Molepolole Airport ( ICAO : FBML ) is a public use airport located near Molepolole , Botswana .
Danané is a city in the far west of Ivory Coast .
Mayagas ( Russian : Маягас ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Khorinsky Rural Okrug of Ust - Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 6 kilometers ( 3.7 mi ) from Borogontsy , the administrative center of the district .
The Sydney Tramway Museum is Australia 's oldest tramway museum and the largest in the southern hemisphere , located in Loftus in the southern suburbs of Sydney .
Manchuela or La Manchuela ( `` lesser La Mancha '' ) is a comarca located in Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
The Shire of Wiluna is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia , about 950 kilometres ( 590 mi ) northeast of the state capital , Perth .
Skånela Church ( Swedish : Skånela kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Stockholm County , Sweden .
Sahulan ( Persian : سهولان‎ , also Romanized as Sahūlān ; also known as Saholān ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nova Vas pri Jelšanah ( pronounced ( ˈnɔːʋa ˈʋaːs pɾi jɛu̯ˈʃaːnax ) ; Slovene : Nova vas pri Jelšanah ) is a small village east of Jelšane in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Brian Filipi Stadium ( Albanian : Stadiumi Brian Filipi ) , aka former Besëlidhja Stadium ( Albanian : Stadiumi Besëlidhja ) is a multi - use stadium in Lezhë , Albania .
Drivdalen is a valley located in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Usqullu ( Quechua for Andean mountain cat , hispanicized spelling Oscollo ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Ohrigstad Dam is a rockfill type dam located close to Ohrigstad in Mpumalanga , South Africa .
Muine Bheag or Muinebheag ( ˈmˠɪnʲə vʲɔɡ ) , also known as Bagenalstown /ˈbæɡ.nəlz.taʊn/ , is a small town on the River Barrow in County Carlow , Ireland .
Pompallier House is a nineteenth - century building located in Russell , New Zealand which once served as the headquarters to the French Catholic mission to the Western Pacific .
Gaziosmanpaşa University ( Turkish : Gaziosmanpaşa Üniversitesi ) is a public university established in 1992 and primarily located in Tokat , Turkey .
Vrabče ( pronounced ( ˈwɾaːptʃɛ ) ; Italian : Monte Urabice ) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Trøjborg is a neighborhood in the city of Aarhus , Denmark in Skt .
The Eifel hotspot is a volcanic hotspot which is responsible for the volcanic activity which forms the volcanoes in Western Germany of northwestern Europe .
Jurong Regional Library ( Chinese : 裕廊区域图书馆 ) is a public library located in Jurong East , Singapore .
Drachalica ( draxaˈlit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ploština was a small settlement situated near to Valašské Klobouky , Zlín District , Moravian Wallachia , today 's Czech Republic .
The Kereu River is a river of New Zealand 's northeastern North Island .
Les Issambres is the seaside and holiday destination of the commune of Roquebrune - sur - Argens , France .
The Cauvery Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area located in the Mandya , Chamarajanagar and Ramanagar districts of Karnataka , India .
Aghunato is a sub division of the Zunheboto district in Nagaland in the far north east of India .
Ziegelbrücke railway station ( German : Bahnhof Ziegelbrücke ) is a junction station in the village of Ziegelbrücke in Switzerland .
Aalbæk station is a railway station serving the small coastal town of Aalbæk in Vendsyssel , Denmark .
Nagrota is a town located in the Jammu district of Jammu and Kashmir state in India .
Prymków ( ˈprɨmkuf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Średnie Duże ( ˈɕrɛdɲɛ ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wairoa is a town in New Zealand 's North Island .
Guidel ( Breton : Gwidel ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Kungsleden ( The King 's Trail ) is a hiking trail in northern Sweden , approximately 440-kilometre ( 270 mi ) long , between Abisko in the north and Hemavan in the south .
The Morelos Valley was settled from about 2000 BC . During the Classic Period , Teopanzolco came under the influence of the great metropolis of Teotihuacan in the Valley of Mexico .
Ļaudona ( German : Laudohn ) is a village in the Vidzeme region of northeastern Latvia .
Middle Norrland ( Swedish : Mellersta Norrland ) is a National Area ( Swedish : Riksområde ) of Sweden .
Ambassel is one of the woredas of the Amhara Region in Ethiopia , and an amba , or mountain fortress , located in the woreda ; the woreda is named for this feature .
Araku ( ST ) ( Lok Sabha constituency ) is one of the 25 Lok Sabha ( Lower House of the Parliament ) constituencies in Andhra Pradesh state in southern India .
Athens Airport Station is the only train station in Greece that is not managed by GAIAOSE , a subsidiary of OSE , the national rail company .
Chakothi ( Urdu : چکوٹھی ‎ ) is a border village in Hattian Bala District , Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
Børselv ( Kven : Pyssyjoki , Northern Sami : Bissojohka ) is a village in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Peričnik Falls ( pronounced ( pɛˈɾiːtʃnik ) ; Slovene : slap Peričnik ) is a waterfall in Triglav National Park , Slovenia .
Christian Brothers College , Burwood ( CBC Burwood ) was a Catholic high school located in Burwood , Sydney Australia .
Isurium or Isurium of the Brigantes ( Latin : Isurium Brigantum ) was a Roman fort and town in the province of Britannia at the site of present - day Aldborough in North Yorkshire , England , in the United Kingdom .
Sandspit Beach is situated south west of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Lassing is a municipality in the district of Liezen , Styria , Austria .
Şişli ( pronounced ( ˈʃiʃli ) ) is one of 39 districts of Istanbul , Turkey .
Baix Ebre ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈbaʃ ˈeβɾə ) , locally : ( ˈbajʃ ˈeβɾe ) , `` Lower Ebro '' ) is a comarca ( county ) , on the coast in southern Catalonia , Spain .
The Chung Hwa Middle School is an independent , public - funded Chinese school , established in 1922 by the Chinese community of Brunei .
Pomarico ( Greek : Pomerikon ) is a small town of 4500 inhabitants in Southern Italy , in the region Basilicata .
Rosenborg Barracks ( Danish : Livgardens Kaserne ved Rosenborg ) , one of two barracks of the Royal Danish Life Guard , is located next to Rosenborg Castle in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Schmidtsdrift is a town in Pixley ka Seme District Municipality in the Northern Cape province of South Africa .
Alnajan - e Do ( Persian : النجان دو ‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Albitreccia is a French commune in the Corse - du - Sud department in the Corsica region of France .
Dommeldange ( Luxembourgish : Dummeldeng , German : Dommeldingen ) is a quarter in north - eastern Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Vatukoula ( meaning `` gold rock '' in Fijian ) , is a gold mining settlement in Fiji , 9 kilometers inland from the Town of Tavua on Viti Levu , the main Fiji island ( home to the national capital Suva and its international airport Nadi ) .
A union of Boka Kotorska ( and Budva ) with Montenegro took place for a brief period ( 1813 - -1814 ) , but from 1814 until the end of World War I in 1918 , Budva remained under Austria - Hungary .
Parco Agricolo Sud Milano ( `` Rural Park South Milan '' ) is a large protected rural area located south and south - east of Milan , Italy .
Băcioi is a commune in Chişinău municipality , Moldova .
The ' Bremen Overseas Research and Development Association ' ( BORDA ) is a non - profit international development organization headquartered in Bremen , Germany and regional offices in India , Indonesia , and Tanzania and several project offices within the regions .
Palais Berlitz is especially sadly notorious for an antisemitic exhibition during Nazi occupation Le juif et la France ( 5 September 1941 - 15 January 1942 ) .
The Szakoly Power Plant is one of Hungary 's largest biomass power plants having an installed electric capacity of 20 MW .
Seraj al Akhbar ( Lamp of the News ) was a Persian newspaper that circulated in Kabul , Afghanistan from 1911 - 1919 .
Challain - la - Potherie is a village in a commune centred on the town of Cande in the Maine - et - Loire department in western France .
Jahangir - e Olya ( Persian : جهانگيرعليا‎ , also Romanized as Jahāngīr - e `` Olyā ; also known as Jahāngīr ) is a village in Golbibi Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 62 , in 16 families .
The Sirenusas ( Italian : Le Sirenuse ) , also known as the Gallos ( Li Galli ) or The Cocks , are an archipelago of little islands off the Amalfi Coast of Italy between Isle of Capri and 6 km ( 4 mi ) southwest of Positano .
Orsara di Puglia is a city and comune in the province of Foggia , Apulia , southern Italy .
As of 2001(update ) India census,(2 ) Bayana had a population of 33,504 .
Đelekovec is a municipality and a village in northern Croatia , located north of Koprivnica , near the river Drava .
Galesh Kolam ( Persian : گالش كلام‎ , also Romanized as Gālesh Kolām , Gālesh Kalām , and Gālesh Kolam ) is a village in Gel - e Sefid Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Many specimens of the flora and fauna at Egå Engsø , are either rare or relatively rare in Denmark .
Wola Buczkowska ( ˈvɔla but͡ʂˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tečić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Течић ) is a village in Central Serbia ( Šumadija ) , in the municipality of Rekovac ( Region of Levač ) , lying at 43 ° 50′07``N 21 ° 07′29''E , at the elevation of 210 m. According to the 2002 census , the village had 660 citizens .
Montería is a municipality and city located in Northern Colombia and is the capital of the Department of Córdoba .
The Markham Pan Am Centre is a multi - purpose community and aquatics centre located in the new downtown area of Markham , Ontario , Canada .
The Eder Uplands ( German : Ederbergland ) refers to a region in North Hesse in Germany .
Wola Pniewska ( ˈvɔla ˈpɲefska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Milkovo Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Мильково ) ( ICAO : UHPM ) is an airport in Kamchatka Krai , Russia located 4 km southwest of Milkovo .
Aylesbury Waterside Theatre is a £ 47 million theatre in Aylesbury , England , United Kingdom presenting a range of West End and touring musicals and plays , along with performances of opera and ballet and a Christmas pantomime .
Anne Hathaway 's Cottage is a twelve - roomed farmhouse where Anne Hathaway , the wife of William Shakespeare , lived as a child in the village of Shottery , Warwickshire , England , about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) west of Stratford - upon - Avon .
Trosa is a locality and the seat of Trosa Municipality , Södermanland County , Sweden with 5,027 inhabitants in 2010 ( town ) and 11,417 in 2010 ( municipality ) .
The Siguacán River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( siɣwaˈkan ) ) is a river of Guatemala .
The Mamaku Ranges are a range of rugged hills in the North Island of New Zealand .
Justiniana Prima ( Serbian : Царичин град ) was a Byzantine city that existed from 535 to 615 , and currently an archaeological site , near today 's Lebane , Leskovac district in southern Serbia .
Bhilai is a city in the district of Durg , Chhattisgarh , in eastern central India .
Edgeøyjøkulen is an ice cap glacier on Edgeøya , part of the Svalbard archipelago , Norway .
Doliwo ( dɔˈlivɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Busselton Jetty is the longest wooden jetty ( pier ) in the southern hemisphere , stretching almost 2 km out to sea from the town of Busselton , Western Australia .
Charoen Mueang ( Thai : เจริญเมือง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Phan District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Upemba Depression or Kamalondo Depression which is more commonly known by its French name Dépression de l'Upemba is a large marshy bowl area ( depression ) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo comprising some fifty lakes , including 22 of relatively large size including Lake Upemba ( 530 km² ) and Lake Kisale ( 300 km² ) .
Petrušnja Vas ( pronounced ( pɛˈtɾuːʃnja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Petrušnja vas ) is a village just north of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Beekrumsing Ramlallah State Secondary School ( formerly known as Mapou SSS ) is a government secondary school in Mauritius .
Tepe Hissar is a prehistoric site located just south of Damghan in north - eastern Iran .
Javadabad ( Persian : جوادآباد‎ , also Romanized as Javādābād and Jawādābād ) is a city in and the capital of Javadabad District , in Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Milevsko ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪlɛfsko ) ; German : Mühlhausen ) is a small town in the Czech Republic .
Thalassery Pier locally known as Kadalpalam is located in Thalassery , Kannur District of Kerala state , south India .
Castiglione dei Pepoli is a comune ( municipality ) in the province of Bologna , Emilia - Romagna , Italy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 miles ) southwest of Bologna .
Wildwood / Loche Mist Farms Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJJ3 ) , is located 3.9 nautical miles ( 7.2 km ; 4.5 mi ) south southwest of Wildwood , Alberta , Canada .
The Rouge - Matawin Wildlife Reserve ( French : Réserve faunique Rouge - Matawin ) is a Quebec Wildlife Reserve located to the north of Mont - Tremblant National Park , in Quebec , Canada .
Arnissa ( Greek : Άρνισσα , before 1926 : Όστροβον , Ostrovon ; ) is a town in the Pella regional unit of Macedonia , Greece .
Kalo Nero or Kalonero ( Greek : Καλό Νερό or Καλόνερο meaning `` good water '' ) is a village and a community of the Trifylia municipality , Messenia , southern Greece .
The Shepherd Islands ( coordinates 16.8 ° S 168.5 ° E ) are a group of islands lying between the larger islands of Epi and Éfaté , in the Shefa province of Vanuatu .
The Battle of Gisors ( September 27 , 1198 ) was a skirmish fought in Courcelles - lès - Gisors , Oise , Picardy , part of the on - going fighting between Richard I of England and Philip Augustus of France that lasted from 1194 to Richard 's death in April 1199 .
Borgholm Castle ( Swedish : Borgholms slott ) in Borgholm , Sweden , is today only a ruin of the fortress that was first built in the second half of the 12th century and rebuilt many times in later centuries .
Viidumäe Nature Reserve ( Estonian : Viidumäe looduskaitseala ) is a nature reserve situated on Saaremaa in western Estonia , in Saare County .
Yuzha ( Russian : Ю́жа ) is a town and the administrative center of Yuzhsky District in Ivanovo Oblast , Russia , located on Lake Vazal , 95 kilometers ( 59 mi ) southeast of Ivanovo , the administrative center of the oblast .
Krsinji Vrh ( pronounced ( kəɾˈsiːnji ˈʋəɾx ) ; German : Kersin Werch ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Gifan - e Bala ( Persian : گيفان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Gīfān - e Bālā ; also known as Gīfān and Bālādeh ) is a village in Gifan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Ngatapa Branch was a secondary branch line railway 18,50 km long that for a short time formed part of the national rail network in Poverty Bay in the North Island of New Zealand .
Quebec ( Commission des droits de la personne et des droits de la jeunesse ) v Boisbriand ( City of ) , 2000 SCC 27 , ( 2000 ) 1 S.C.R. 665 , is a leading Canadian civil rights decision of the Supreme Court of Canada .
Dziwnów ( ˈd͡ʑivnuf ) ( German : Berg Dievenow ) is a town in north - western Poland situated on the Baltic Sea at the mouth of the river Dziwna .
The Openbare Bibliotheek Amsterdam ( Public Library Amsterdam ) is a collective name for all public libraries in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The Navarrese People 's Union ( Spanish : Unión del Pueblo Navarro ) , abbreviated to UPN , is a regional conservative political party in Navarre , Spain .
Gerazg ( Persian : گرزگ‎ , also Romanized as Gerazk ) is a village in Khavashod Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Niata ( Greek : Νιάτα ) is a village and a former municipality in Laconia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Combomune is a small town in southern Mozambique .
Eshkali Mohammad Hajji ( Persian : اشكالي محمدحاجي‎ , also Romanized as Eshkālī Moḩammad Ḩājjī ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
General Villegas is a town in General Villegas Partido , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
The Satsalla River is a river in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia , Canada , flowing southwest into the Kingcome River .
Gornja Bistrica ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnja ˈbiːstɾitsa ) ; Hungarian : Felsőbeszterce , Prekmurje dialect : Gorenja Bistrica ) is a village on the left bank of the Mura River in the Municipality of Črenšovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Diadem Peak is a peak located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park , Canada .
Tendo Dag ( also spelled : Tindodag ) ( Pashto : تين دو ډاګ ) is an administrative unit , known as Union council or Wards in Tehsil Babuzai , of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Santa Lucía Utatlán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsanta luˈsi.a utaˈtlan ) ) is a municipality in the Sololá department of Guatemala .
Omaui is a small coastal village in Southland Region , New Zealand .
The Spitzkoppe ( from German for `` pointed dome '' ; also referred to as Spitzkop , Groot Spitzkop , or the `` Matterhorn of Namibia '' ) , is a group of bald granite peaks or bornhardts located between Usakos and Swakopmund in the Namib desert of Namibia .
Remembrance Day ( 11 November ) is a national holiday in France and Belgium .
The Ogbunike Caves are located in Ogbunike , Anambra State , southeastern Nigeria .
Hosingen ( Luxembourgish : Housen ) is a small town and former commune in northern Luxembourg .
Kumluca is a town and district of Antalya Province on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey , part of the Turkish Riviera .
Dobova ( pronounced ( ˈdoːbɔʋa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Volokolamsk ( Russian : Волокола́мск ) is a town and the administrative center of Volokolamsky District in Moscow Oblast , Russia , located on the Gorodenka River , not far from its confluence with the Lama River , 129 kilometers ( 80 mi ) northwest of Moscow .
Al - Buwaidhaa town is a small town in the middle part of the Sudan .
Satkhira Government Mahila College ( Bengali : সাতক্ষীরা সরকারি মহিলা কলেজ ) is situated in the Satkhira District , the Khulna Division of Bangladesh .
Szczucin ( ˈʂt͡ʂut͡ɕin ) is a town in Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Galdames is a valley , town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Tombak - e Bala ( Persian : تمبك بالا‎ , also Romanized as Tombak - e Bālā ; also known as Tombak and Tonbak ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sanida ( Greek : Σανίδα ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 4 km east of Kellaki .
Tumar Aghaj ( Persian : طوماراغاج‎ , also Romanized as Ţūmār Āghāj ; also known as Ţūmār Āqāj ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
As Pontes de García Rodríguez is a municipality in the Comarca of Eume in northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia .
K&C Video was one of the first video labels in Australia and released tapes on the VHS and BETA formats .
The Ismailia Stadium ( Arabic : ملعب الاسماعيلية‎ ) is located in Ismailia , Egypt , and has a total capacity of 18,000 , after the remodelation in 2009 .
Toubkal National Park is a national park in the High Atlas mountain range , 70 kilometres from Marrakesh in central - western Morocco .
Vardi Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Rapla County in central Estonia .
Büyükçekmece is a district and municipality ( belediye ) in the suburbs of Istanbul , Turkey on the Sea of Marmara coast of the European side , west of the city .
Waikouaiti is a small town in East Otago , New Zealand , within the city limits of Dunedin .
Nesvady ( Hungarian : Naszvad , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈnɒsvɒd ) ) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Dailing District ( simplified Chinese : 带岭区 ; traditional Chinese : 帶領區 ; pinyin : Dàilǐng Qū ) is a district of the city of Yichun , Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Estádio Luiz José de Lacerda , usually known as Lacerdão , is a multi - purpose stadium in Caruaru , Pernambuco , Brazil .
Dr. Francisco Soca or Soca is a small city in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay .
Santa Coloma de Farners ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈsantə kuˈɫomə ðə fərˈnes ) ) is a spa town and capital of the comarca of the Selva , in Catalonia , Spain , and of the judicial district of Santa Coloma .
Javaliqan ( Persian : جواليقان‎ , also Romanized as Javālīqān ) is a village in Jereh Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Fagaloa Bay is located on the north eastern coast of Upolu island in Samoa .
Uzlomac is a long mountain in Bosnia and Herzegovina ( Bosnia ) , east from line direction Maslovare --
The Hermitage Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Wag Water River near Stony Hill in Saint Andrew Parish , Jamaica .
Bombardopolis ( Haitian Creole : Bonbadopolis ) is a commune located in the hilly country in northwestern Haiti within in the Nord - Ouest Department and the Arrondissement de Môle - Saint - Nicolas .
Fort St. James / Stuart River Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAZ6 ) , is located adjacent to Fort St. James on the Stuart River , British Columbia , Canada .
Ottawa / Carp Airport or Carp Airport , ( ICAO : CYRP ) , is located 1.2 nautical miles ( 2.2 km ; 1.4 mi ) south of Carp , Ontario , Canada , a small village that is now part of Ottawa .
The Wairaurahiri River is a river in southern Fiordland , New Zealand , draining Lake Hauroko into the sea .
Sour El - Ghozlane ( or Souk El Ghoziane ) is a town and commune in Algeria 's central - northern , just - landlocked Bouïra Province .
Bomnak ( Russian : Бомнак ) is an rural locality ( a selo ) in Zeysky District of Amur Oblast , Russia , located on the northern bank of Zeya Reservoir .
Messukeskus Helsinki , Expo and Convention Centre ( formerly Helsinki Fair Centre ) is the biggest and best - known convention center in Finland .
Bystry Rów is a stream that flows within the bounds of the municipality of Szczecin , Poland .
Hulas , located in the Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh , India , is a late Indus Valley Civilization archeological site .
Vrejlev Priory was a priory of Premonstratensian nuns located at Vrejlev , near Vrå , Region Nordjylland , Denmark .
King 's College London ( informally King 's or KCL ; formerly styled King 's College , London ) is a public research university located in London , United Kingdom , and a constituent college of the federal University of London .
The Convent Van Maerlant is a former convent which consists of a church and a Chapel ( Chapelle de la Résurrection ) on Rue Van Maerlantstraat in Brussels ( Belgium ) .
Bonstorf is a village in the municipality of Südheide in the north of Celle district on the Lüneburg Heath in central Germany .
Aiguamúrcia ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌajɣwəˈmursiə ) ) is a municipality , located in the province of Tarragona , Catalonia ( northern Spain ) , in the Alt Camp comarca .
Boneh Deraz ( Persian : بنه دراز‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Derāz ; also known as Bonderāz ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bülzig is a former municipality in Wittenberg district in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Karl Johans Torg ( Swedish : `` Square of Charles John '' ) is a public square between the old town Gamla stan and Slussen in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Tabomatang is a village settlement on Nikunau Island in Kiribati .
University of Economics in Katowice is a higher education institution in Katowice , Poland .
The Polygone Scientifique ( en : Scientific Polygon ) is a neighborhood of the city of Grenoble in France .
Buracona is a small bay located in the northwest of the island of Sal in Cape Verde .
The Foja Mountains ( Foja Range , Foya Mountains ) ( Indonesian : Pegunungan Foja ) are located just north of the Mamberamo river basin in Papua , Indonesia .
PontAuRail is an voluntary association created in 1995 to run trains between Pont - Audemer and Honfleur in France .
The Cooyar railway line was a branch line in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia .
Jumla Airport ( IATA : JUM , ICAO : VNJL ) is an airport serving Jumla , the capital of the Jumla District in the Karnali Zone in Nepal .
Alaior ( previously in Spanish , Alayor ) is a municipality on the island of Minorca , in the Balearic Islands , Spain .
Baban Yavar - e Azizi ( Persian : بابان ياورعزيزي‎ , also Romanized as Bābān Yāvar - e `` Azīzī ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 666 , in 143 families .
Chorweiler ( German : Köln - Chorweiler , German pronunciation : ( kɔʁvaɪlɐ ) ) is the Sixth city district ( Stadtbezirk ) of Cologne , Germany .
Connells Lagoon Conservation Reserve also known as Dalgajini is a conservation reserve in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Crazy Vuk 's border ( Serbian : Међа Вука манитога/Međa Vuka manitoga ) , sometimes also called Dukljan 's border ( Дукљанова међа/Dukljanova međa ) is remains of a border wall in Montenegro .
Seh Chek ( Persian : سه چك‎ ) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Guadalfeo is a small river in the province of Granada , Spain between the Sierra Nevada mountain range and the coastal ranges of Sierra de la Contraviesa and Lújar .
Culpepper Island is a tiny rock ( island ) in the Atlantic Ocean close to Bayfield and Ragged Point in Saint Philip , Barbados .
Corte Palasio is a town and comune in the province of Lodi , in Lombardy ( northern Italy ) .
Otog Banner ( Mongolian : ᠣᠲᠣᠭ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Otoɣ qosiɣu ; Chinese : 鄂托克旗 ; pinyin : Ètuōkè Qí ) is a banner of southwestern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Nurabad - e Hajjilu ( Persian : نورابادحاجيلو‎ , also Romanized as Nūrābād - e Ḩājjīlū ) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District , in the Central District of Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Stare Pole ( ˈstarɛ ˈpɔlɛ ) ( German Altfelde ) is a village in Malbork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Yeguas Reservoir is a reservoir in Montoro , province of Córdoba , Andalusia , Spain .
Abu Dhalouf is a settlement on the north coast of Qatar , located in the municipality of Madinat ash Shamal .
The British Columbia Democratic Coalition ( BCDC ) was a short - lived coalition of minor political parties in British Columbia , Canada .
Bobadela is a former civil parish , located in the municipality of Boticas , Portugal .
Luang Prabang International Airport ( Lao : ສະຫນາມບິນສາກົນຫຼວງພະບາງ ) , ( IATA : LPQ , ICAO : VLLB ) is one of the few international airports in Laos .
Berkakit ( Russian : Беркаки́т ; Yakut : Беркакит ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Neryungrinsky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 7 kilometers ( 4.3 mi ) from Neryungri , the administrative center of the district .
The Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial is a World War II cemetery and memorial in Colleville - sur - Mer , Normandy , France , that honours American troops who died in Europe during World War II .
Dar El Kebdani ( Amazigh : Dar El kebdani , ⴷⴰⵔ ⴻⵍ ⴽⴻⴱⴷⴰⵏⵉ , Arabic : دار الكبداني ) is a town in Driouch Province , Oriental , Morocco .
Zarduiyeh ( Persian : زاردوييه‎ , also Romanized as Zardū’īyeh ; also known asZardūn ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Geneva University of Music ( French : Haute école de musique de Genève HEM ) is a higher music education institution in Geneva , Switzerland .
Zewditu Hospital is a hospital in central Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Søborg Castle ( Danish : Søborg Slot ) , in its heyday , was the strongest castle in Denmark , and was also used as a prison ( Jens Grand was imprisoned here in the 13th century ) .
Dolfynstrand ( Afrikaans for `` dolphin beach '' ) is a seaside resort on the South Atlantic coast of Namibia .
Pistoia ( Italian pronunciation : ( piˈstoːja ) ) is a city and comune in the Tuscany region of Italy , the capital of a province of the same name , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) west and north of Florence and is crossed by the Ombrone Pistoiese , a tributary of the River Arno .
Litlumvatnet ( Southern Sami : Jovsjaevrie ) is a lake on the border of Norway and Sweden .
Hartmann College ( Hindi : हार्टमैन कॉलेज ) is a co - educational convent institution in Izzatnagar , Bareilly , India , run by the Christian Catholic Minority and recognized by the Department of Education ( U.P. ) .
Sarkur ( Persian : سركور‎ , also Romanized as Sarkūr ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Karvan - e Sofla Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كرون سفلي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Karvan District , Tiran and Karvan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Ursuline Church of the Holy Trinity ( Slovene : Uršulinska cerkev svete Trojice ) , officially Holy Trinity Parish Church in Ljubljana ( Župnijska cerkev svete Trojice ) , also Nun Church ( Nunska cerkev ) , is a parish church in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Baqtile is a populated place in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia .
Starošince ( pronounced ( staɾɔˈʃiːntsɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia .
Razguri ( pronounced ( ɾaˈzɡuːɾi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Grafsky Bereg ( Russian : Гра́фский Бе́рег ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Namsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 8 kilometers ( 5.0 mi ) from Namtsy , the administrative center of the district .
The Kakweiken River , also spelled Kakweken River , is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , flowing southwest out of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains into the head of Thompson Sound , which lies to the east of Gilford Island and to the north of lower Knight Inlet .
Smidovich ( Russian : Смидович ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Smidovichsky District of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast , Russia .
Makwiro is a settlement in Mashonaland West province in Zimbabwe .
Kolderwolde ( West Frisian : Kolderwâlde ) is a village in De Friese Meren in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Małe Olecko ( ˈmawɛ ɔˈlɛt͡skɔ ) ( German : Herzogshöhe from 1938 - -45 ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Coutances Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre - Dame de Coutances ) is a Gothic Roman Catholic cathedral constructed from 1210 to 1274 in the town of Coutances , Normandy , France .
Vreden is a small town in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany near the Dutch border .
Afzal Gunj ( Telugu : అఫ్జాల్ గుంజ ) is one of the old suburbs in Hyderabad , Telangana , India , close to river Musi .
Hitgar ( Persian : هيتگر‎ , also Romanized as Hītgar ; also known as Hītkar - e Bālā ) is a village located in Irandegan Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Czaszyn is located about 12 kilometers from Sanok in southeastern Poland .
Argalasti ( Greek : Αργαλαστή ) is a village and a former municipality in Magnesia , Thessaly , Greece .
The Johan Sverdrup oil field ( Sverdrup Field ) is an oil field in the North Sea , about 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) west of Stavanger , Norway .
Guilers ( Breton : Gwiler - Leon ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Thermes ( Greek : Θέρμες ) is a former community in the Xanthi regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
The Griffin Poetry Prize is Canada 's most generous poetry award .
The Tana River Primate National Reserve was a 170 square kilometres ( 66 sq mi ) national wildlife reserve in south - eastern Kenya .
Bowral and District Hospital is an acute care public hospital servicing the Southern Highlands region in New South Wales , Australia .
Kucura ( Serbian Cyrillic : Куцура , Rusyn : Коцур ) is a village in Serbia , in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina .
The University of Dillingen , at Dillingen an der Donau in southern Germany , existed from 1551 to 1803 .
Hizom Darreh ( Persian : هيزم دره‎ , also Romanized as Hīzom Darreh ; also known as Khānlarābād ) is a village in Lavasan - e Bozorg Rural District , Lavasanat District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Slope Point is the southernmost point of the South Island of New Zealand .
Momenabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مومن آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Lago Puelo National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Lago Puelo ) is a national park of Argentina , located in the northwest of the province of Chubut , in the Patagonia .
Lake Alice Hospital was a rural psychiatric facility in Lake Alice , Manawatu - Wanganui , New Zealand .
Chiesa di Santa Maria di Costantinopoli is located in the Li Curti district of Anacapri , on the island of Capri , Italy .
The Pankisi Gorge ( Georgian : პანკისის ხეობა , Pankisis Kheoba ) or Pankisi ( პანკისი ) is a valley region in Georgia , in the upper reaches of River Alazani just south of Georgia 's historic region of Tusheti between Mt Borbalo and the ruined 17th - century fortress of Bakhtrioni .
The Langkawi National Observatory or Balai Cerap Kebangsaan Langkawi is a space observatory in Malaysia .
Sinwonsa is a Buddhist temple in the South Chungcheong province in South Korea .
Kilvington Grammar School ( previously named Kilvington Girls Grammar ) is an independent , Baptist , co - educational day school , located in Ormond , a suburb in the Glen Eira region of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Andria Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Andria , Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Andria in Apulia , Italy , which up to 2009 was in the Province of Bari but from then onwards part of the newly formed Province of Barletta - Andria - Trani .
Ngong Road is a major road in Kenya that links the city of Nairobi to Ngong town .
Serikin is a small Bidayuh town in Kuching Division , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Kaka Abbas ( Persian : كاكاعباس‎ , also Romanized as Kākā `` Abbās ; also known as Kak `` Abbās ) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 559 , in 110 families .
Neuchâtel District is one of the six districts of the largely French - speaking canton of Neuchâtel , Switzerland , lying in the Le Littoral Region .
Montferrat ( /ˌmɒntfəˈræt/ or French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃fɛʁa ) ; Piedmontese : Monfrà ; Italian : Monferrato ( momferˈraːto ) ; Latin : Mons Ferratus ) is part of the region of Piedmont in Northern Italy .
Bixiga is a neighbourhood at center of the city of São Paulo , Brazil .
Digovdərə is a village in the municipality of Mistan in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Walter Island is one of several uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut , Canada located within James Bay .
Quş yuvası ( also , Kushyuvasy ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Adolphus Channel or the Albany passage is a channel located in the Torres Strait , situated northeast of the Cape York Peninsula , in Queensland , Australia .
Kolyma Hydroelectric Station is located on the Kolyma River in the village of Sinegorye , Yagodninsky District , Magadan Oblast Russia .
The Sardar Patel Ring Road is 76 km long ring road encircling the city of Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Chez l'Ami Louis ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃe lami lwi ) , Our friend Louis 's ) is a restaurant at 32 , rue du Vertbois , in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris , France , founded in 1924 .
Komstad is a village in the former Norra Ljunga Parish , Småland , Sweden , suited about 4 km west of Sävsjö town .
Kwasowo ( kfaˈsɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Quatzow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Petroleum Technology ( RGIPT ) , in Jais , Raebareli , Uttar Pradesh , India , is a training and education institute that gives technical and management training to the petroleum industry and was formally opened on July 2008 .
The 1973 Paris Air Show crash was the crash of the second production Tupolev Tu-144 at Goussainville , Val - d'Oise , France , which killed all six crew and eight people on the ground .
The Unity for Human Rights Party ( Albanian : Partia Bashkimi për të Drejtat e Njeriut , Greek : Κόμμα Ένωσης Ανθρωπίνων Δικαιωμάτων ) is a centrist political party in Albania .
Vitasavci ( Cyrillic : Витасовци ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Menntaskólinn í Reykjavík ( often abbreviated MR ; official name in English : Reykjavik Junior College ) is the oldest junior college ( Icelandic : Menntaskóli ) in Reykjavík , Iceland .
The Isclero is a stream in Campania , southern Italy .
Garithaianik was a district of Siunik in the old Armenia , ruled by a local family whose main ruler was Nerseh Garithaiani c. 850
Malhamlu - ye Sofla ( Persian : ملحملوسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Malḩamlū - ye Soflá ; also known as Malḩamlū - ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Château de Sanzay is a castle located near the village of Sanzay , in the commune of Argenton - les - Vallées in the Deux - Sèvres département of France .
Getatagh ( Armenian : Գետաթաղ , also Romanized as Getat’agh , Getatakh , and Getatag ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
In 1996 the Port Lockroy base was renovated and is now a museum and post office operated by the United Kingdom Antarctic Heritage Trust .
Kingfest Music Festival , or Kingfest , is an annual three - day outdoor music festival hosted at the Seneca College campus in King City , Ontario , Canada .
Strauman Church ( Norwegian : Strauman kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county , Norway .
Kruśliwiec ( kruˈɕlivjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Frutigen District was a district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland with its seat at Frutigen .
Warri South West is a Local Government Area in Delta State , Nigeria , it was created in 1997 and has its headquarters are in the town of Ogidigben .
Rettenstein is a part of the town St. Johann i m Pongau in Salzburg ( state ) , Austria .
At its western end , Kenmount Road intersects Topsail Road and the Trans - Canada Highway , and has been extended into the Town of Paradise , where it runs into another road , McNamara Drive .
The Komata River is a river of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Luohu Port ( simplified Chinese : 罗湖口岸 , pinyin : Luóhú Kǒuàn ) is a port of entry of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , located in Luohu District of Shenzhen in China , on the border of China with Hong Kong .
Monkey River Town ( or Monkey River ) is a village in the north of the Toledo District of the Central American nation of Belize .
Chutiana railway station ( Urdu : چوتیانا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Chutiana village , Toba Tek Singh district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Súðavík is a fishing village and municipality ( Súðavíkurhreppur ) on the west coast of Álftarfjörður in Westfjords , Iceland .
Ruhabat is a town and capital of Ruhabat District in the Ahal Province of Turkmenistan .
The Katskhi Monastery of Nativity of the Savior ( Georgian : კაცხის მაცხოვრის შობის სახელობის მონასტერი ) , more commonly known as the Katskhi Monastery ( კაცხის მონასტერი ) is a medieval monastery in Georgia , located in the village of Katskhi near the town of Chiatura .
Boulazac - Isle - Manoire is a commune in the Dordogne department of southwestern France .
The Gauja River ( estonian : Koiva jõgi ; german : Livländische Aa ) is a river in Vidzeme , Latvia .
Campo de Cartagena is a natural region ( comarca ) located in the Region of Murcia , in Spain .
Jalan Pangkalan Ikan Cendering , Federal Route is an institutional facilities federal roads in Kuala Terengganu , Terengganu , Malaysia .
Becherov is a municipality ( village ) in Slovakia in the Bardejov Districtin the Prešov Region near the border with Poland .
Bajany ( 1370 Bajanhaza , 1439 Bayan , 1556 Rejdowa , 1786 Bonyesty , 1686 Resdowa ) ( German : Wajon ; Hungarian : Bajánháza ) is a village and municipality in the Michalovce District in the Košice Region of Slovakia .
The Mother Cummings Peak is one of the prominent peaks on the Great Western Tiers located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania , Australia .
Kohneh Deh Shugai ( Persian : كهنه ده شوگاي‎ , also Romanized as Kohneh Deh Shūgāī ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Carib Aviation was an airline based in Antigua and Barbuda .
Asylum Down is a district or neighborhood in Accra , Ghana , north of Castle Road and east of Barnes Road .
The Consorcio de Compensacion de Seguros is a compulsory Government catastrophic risk insurance in Spain .
Polis University is a private for - profit university located in Tirana , Albania .
Graphic Era University , formerly Graphic Era Institute of Technology , is a deemed university located in Clement Town , Dehradun , Uttarakhand , India .
Transport for New South Wales ( TfNSW ) is a statutory authority of the New South Wales Government that was created on 1 November 2011 to manage the transport services in the state of New South Wales in Australia .
The Kecskemét City Hall is the house of the main administration of the city of Kecskemét , Bács - Kiskun County , Hungary .
União das Freguesias de Aguçadoura e Navais is one of the seven civil parishes of Póvoa de Varzim , Portugal .
Katzwang , formerly a separate municipality , has been a part of Nuremberg in Bavaria , Germany , since 1 July 1972 .
Shurabad - e Yek ( Persian : شوراباد1‎ , also Romanized as Shūrābād - e Yek ; also known as Shūrābād ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cape Manifold ( 22 ° 41′S 150 ° 50′E ) is a coastal headland in central Queensland , Australia .
The Lavaux is a region in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland , in the district of Lavaux - Oron .
Tenorio Volcano National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Volcán Tenorio ) is a National Park in the northern part of Costa Rica , which forms part of the Arenal Tilaran Conservation Area .
The Great Victoria Desert , an interim Australian bioregion , is a sparsely populated desert area in Western Australia and South Australia .
Egilshöll is a multi - purpose sports facility in Reykjavík , Iceland .
Götaplatsen is a public square in Gothenburg , Sweden , at the southern end of Avenyn , the city 's main boulevard .
Filzmoos is a town within the district of St. Johann i m Pongau in the state of Salzburg , Austria .
Endriga ( variant : Coto de Buenamadre ) is one of fifteen parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Somiedo , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Zarafshan ( Uzbek : Zarafshon / Зарафшон ; Russian : Зарафшан ) is a city of over 68,000 inhabitants ( 2009 ) in the center of Uzbekistan 's Navoiy Region .
Vrede is a town in the Free State province of South Africa that is the agricultural hub of a 100 km² region .
The Pepiri - Guazu River ( Spanish Río Pepirí Guazú , Portuguese Rio Peperi Guaçu ) is a river of Argentina and the Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil .
Carn Marth ( Cornish : Karn Margh ) is the name of a hill in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , near Redruth .
Ishkhanasar ( Armenian : Իշխանասար , also Romanized as Ishkanasar ; formerly , Ghzljugh -- Armenian : Ղջլջուղ , also Romanized as Ghjljugh and Ghzyljugh ; earlier , Kyzyldzhuk , Kyzyldzhug , Kizildzhuk , and Kizildzhug ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
The Museum of Copenhagen ( Danish : Københavns Bymuseum ) , founded in 1891 , is the official museum of Copenhagen , Denmark , documenting the city 's history from the 12th century to the present .
Jazovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јазово , Hungarian : Hódegyháza ) is a village in Serbia .
Chilavannoor , or Chilavannur , is a high - value residential area of Cochin in the state of Kerala , India .
Balgö is an island and a nature reserve in Kattegat , off Tångaberg in Varberg Municipality , Sweden .
Prosečka Vas ( Slovene : Prosečka vas , Hungarian : Kölesvölgy ) is a village in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Yunokomunarivsk ( Ukrainian : Юнокомунарівськ , Russian : Юнокоммунаровск ) is a city in Yenakiieve municipality , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Pohronský Inovec is a mountain range in Slovakia , part of the Slovenské stredohorie ranges of the Inner Western Carpathians .
The Ottawa Little Theatre , originally called the Ottawa Drama League at its inception in 1913 , is the longest - running community theatre company in Canada .
Chupanan ( Persian : چوپانان‎ , also Romanized as Chūpānān ) is a village in Chupanan Rural District , Anarak District , Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hulhumalé or Hulhulemale ( Dhivehi : ހުޅުމާލެ ) is a reclaimed island located in the south of North Male Atoll , Maldives .
Udmat ( pronounced ( ˈuːdmat ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
The Severn Way is a waymarked long - distance footpath in the United Kingdom , which follows the course of the River Severn through Mid Wales and western England .
The Royal Society of Medicine ( RSM ) is one of the major providers of accredited postgraduate medical education in the United Kingdom .
Saperavi ( Georgian : საფერავი ; literally `` paint , dye '' - due to its intensive dark - red colour ) is an acidic , teinturier - type grape variety native to Georgia , where it is used to make many of the region 's distinctive wines , along with the Alexandreuli and Rkatsiteli varieties .
Canara Engineering College ( CEC ) is a tier 3 engineering college in Karnataka , India situated approximately 22 km from Mangalore in the surroundings of Benjanapadavu .
The Faïencerie de Gien is a faience ( or earthenware ) factory in Gien , France .
Térraba River ( Spanish : Río Grande de Térraba ) , in the southern Brunca region of Costa Rica , is the largest river in that country .
Ljosanbotn Station ( Norwegian : Ljosanbotn stasjon ) is a railway station on the Bergensbanen railway line located at Ljosanbotn in the Raundalen valley in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county , Norway .
Seitseminen National Park ( Finnish : Seitsemisen kansallispuisto ) is located in the municipalities of Ikaalinen and Ylöjärvi in Finland .
Rebun Island ( 礼文島 , Rebun - tō ; Ainu : Repun ) is an island in the Sea of Japan off the northwestern tip of Hokkaidō , Japan .
Arnavutköy ( meaning `` Albanian village '' in Turkish ; Greek : Μέγα Ρεύμα , Méga Révma ) is a historic neighbourhood in Istanbul , Turkey , famous for its wooden Ottoman mansions and seafood restaurants , as well as the campus of the prestigious Robert College with its centennial buildings .
Vilnius ( Lithuanian pronunciation : ( ˈvʲɪlʲnʲʊs ) ; Polish : Wilno , see also other names ) is the capital of Lithuania and its largest city , with a population of 542,664 as of 2015 .
Tengréla Department ( also spelled Tingréla ) is a department of Bagoué Region in Savanes District , Ivory Coast .
Punakaiki is a small community on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand , between Westport and Greymouth .
The Polideportivo Islas Malvinas is an indoor arena located in Mar del Plata , Argentina which was built for the XII Pan American Games in 1995 .
Cape Farewell Archipelago ( also Nunap Isua Archipelago ) is located in Kujalleq municipality , Greenland .
The Valkyr Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , located on the east side of Lower Arrow Lake west of Nelson .
Waku - Kungo ( before 1975 Santa Comba , also Waco Kungo ) is a town located in Cuanza Sul Province in Angola .
Hammersberg Skanse / Terningen Skanse is a small fortification situated approximately 2 km west of Elverum town centre ( Elverumsleiret ) in Hedmark , in south west Norway .
Nawe Kele is village located in District Swat Valley , Union Council Kota , Tehsil Barikot , Pakistan .
Bratushkovo ( Bulgarian : Братушково ) is a village in Slivnitsa Municipality , Sofia Province , located in western Bulgaria approximately 8 km south - west of the town of Slivnitsa .
Riga Zoo is a city - owned zoo in Riga , Latvia .
Myślniew ( ˈmɨɕlɲef ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Parabanks Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located in the major shopping area of Salisbury , a suburb in the northern part of Metropolitan Adelaide , South Australia .
The Gelehrtenschule des Johanneums ( translation : Academic School of the Johanneum , short : Johanneum ) is a Gymnasium ( or Grammar School ) in Hamburg , Germany .
The Wallarah 2 Coal Project ( or W2CP ) is a proposal by the Korea Resources Corporation or KORES ( owned by the South Korean government and other Korean and Japanese mining companies that comprise the Wyong Areas Coal Joint Venture ) to construct a longwall mine near Wyong , New South Wales , Australia .
The Red Location Museum is an Apartheid museum in New Brighton township of Port Elizabeth , South Africa .
Chemax , the Mayan word meaning `` tree of monkeys '' , is a town located in the east of Yucatán State , Mexico .
Anyuan District ( simplified Chinese : 安源区 ; traditional Chinese : 安源區 ; pinyin : Ānyuán Qū ) is a district of the city of Pingxiang , Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Boskop is a village 16 km north of Potchefstroom , renowned as the site of the discovery in 1913 of the first fossil skull found in South Africa .
Estación San Bernardo , is a railway station of the Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado , located in San Bernardo , Chile .
Walking possession refers to the legal practice in the United Kingdom under which a bailiff takes possession of the goods of a defaulting debtor , but does not remove the goods .
Jalal - Abad ( also spelled Dzhalal - Abad , Djalal - Abat , Jalalabat ; Kyrgyz : Жалал-Aбат ( dʒɑlɑlɑbɑt ) ) is the administrative and economic centre of Jalal - Abad Region in southwestern Kyrgyzstan , with a population of about 89,000 .
The Central Sava Valley ( Slovene : Zasavje ) is a valley in the Sava Hills and a geographic region along the Sava in central Slovenia , now constituting the Central Sava Statistical Region .
Hook Head ( Irish : Rinn Duáin ) is a headland in County Wexford , Ireland located on the east side of the estuary of the three sisters rivers ( the Nore , Suir and the Barrow ) .
The Campeonato Amazonense , officially Campeonato Amazonense de Futebol Profissional , is the football championship for professional clubs of the state of Amazonas , Brazil .
Kretlewo ( krɛˈtlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Erbeskopf is a mountain in the Hunsrück range in central Germany .
The National Crime Agency ( NCA ) is a national law enforcement agency in the United Kingdom which replaced the Serious Organised Crime Agency .
Weelde Air Base ( ICAO : EBWE ) is a NATO reserve airfield located in Weelde , a village in the Ravels municipality in Belgium .
Chiyyaram is a place lies in the outskirts of Thrissur City of Kerala , South India .
Sanjay Gandhi Jaivik Udyan ( also known as Sanjay Gandhi Botanical and Zoological Garden or Patna Zoo ) is located off Bailey Road in Patna , Bihar , India .
Parczówek ( parˈt͡ʂuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Arjunesvara Siva Temple is a 12th Century A.D. temple in Bhubaneswar , in the state of Orissa , India .
Oloibiri is a small community in Ogbia LGA located in Bayelsa State , in the eastern Niger Delta region of Nigeria .
Puurijärvi - Isosuo National Park ( Finnish : Puurijärven ja Isosuon kansallispuisto ) is a national park in the Pirkanmaa and Satakunta regions of Finland .
Manukau Harbour is the second largest natural harbour in New Zealand by area .
Nieborów ( ɲeˈbɔruf ) is a village in Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pedakapavaram is a village in the mandal of Akividu in the West Godavari district of the state of Andhra Pradesh in southern India .
Stare Kiełcze ( ˈstarɛ ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Challenger Harbour is a marina in Fremantle , Western Australia , adjacent to the Fishing Boat Harbour .
Novoaltaysk ( Russian : Новоалта́йск ) is a town in Altai Krai , Russia , located on the right bank of the Ob River , in the lower reaches of its right tributary the Chesnokovka , 12 kilometers ( 7.5 mi ) across from Barnaul , the administrative center of the krai .
Danish Runic Inscription 48 or DR 48 is the Rundata catalog number for a Viking Age memorial runestone from Hanning , which is about eight kilometers north of Skjern , Denmark .
Founded in 1874 as `` Ontario Ladies ' College '' , Trafalgar Castle School is one of the oldest independent schools in Canada and the second - oldest girls ' school in Ontario .
Mata Bhavani 's Stepwell or Mata Bhavani ni Vav is a stepwell in Asarwa area of Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Templos ( Greek : Τέμπλος , Turkish : Zeytinlik ) is a village in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus , thought to be named by the Knights Templar .
Khartusi ( Persian : خرطوسي‎ , also Romanized as Kharţūsī ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Cizrespor is a sports club located in Cizre , a city in Şırnak Province , Turkey .
Živalji ( Cyrillic : Живаљи ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Velika Ivanča ( Serbian pronunciation : ( ʋělikaː ǐʋantʃa ) ) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia .
Phepheng , also known as Phepeng , Draaihoek or Draihoek , is a village in Kgalagadi District of Botswana .
Hanvec ( Breton : Hañveg ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northeastern France .
Tobog is a barangay in the first class municipality of Oas , Province of Albay , Bicol Region , Philippines .
Cabaret Mechanical Theatre is an organisation that mounts exhibitions around the world of contemporary automata by a collective of artists based in the United Kingdom .
Ribnica na Pohorju ( pronounced ( ˈɾiːbnitsa na ˈpoːxɔɾju ) ) is a settlement and a municipality in northern Slovenia .
Chah Sahari ( Persian : چاه صحاري‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Şaḩārī ; also known as Chāh Sārī ) is a village in Khamir Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sacred Heart College Middle School is an all - boys school founded in 1967 in Mitchell Park , Adelaide , South Australia that serves boys in Years 6 to 9 .
Male Pijace ( in Serbian Cyrillic : Мале Пијаце , in Hungarian : Kispiac ) is a village in Serbia .
Gosling Creek Dam is a decommissioned minor earth and rock fill with clay core embankment dam with concrete chute spillway across the Gosling Creek upstream of Orange in the central western region of New South Wales , Australia .
The Colossal Statue of Shapur I , a statue of Shapur I ( AD 240 - -272 ) , the second king of the Sassanid Empire , stands in the so - called Shapur cave , a huge limestone cave located about 6 km from the ancient city of Bishapur in the south of Iran .
Jośki ( ˈjɔɕki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Owkhchi ( Persian : اوخچي‎ , also Romanized as Owkhchī and Ūkhchī ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Bunkamura is a concert hall , theater and museum located in Shibuya , Tokyo , Japan , operated by Tokyu Group .
Ain Elzarga Wetland is a Ramsar - protected wetland of Libya .
Lanisso Bay is a bay off the southwestern corner of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea .
The Canoe River train crash occurred on November 21 , 1950 , near Valemount in eastern British Columbia , Canada , when a westbound troop train and the eastbound Canadian National Railway ( CNR ) Continental Limited collided head - on .
The Scala dei Turchi ( Italian : `` Stair of the Turks '' ) is a rocky cliff on the coast of Realmonte , near Porto Empedocle , southern Sicily , Italy .
Bocskaikert is a village situated in the north - east part of Hungary , 15 km ( 9 mi ) away from Debrecen , the country 's second largest town .
Ban Xang Khong or Ban Sang Khong is a village in Luang Prabang Province , Laos .
The Sabugal Castle is a castle in the city of Sabugal , near the Côa river , in central Portugal .
The Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature ( Norwegian : Norges Naturvernforbund ) , also known as Friends of the Earth Norway and commonly abbreviated NNV is the largest Norwegian environmental organization with approximately 20,000 members .
Dalarik ( Armenian : Դալարիկ ; until 1965 , Mastara ) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
Kretomino ( krɛtɔˈminɔ ) ( formerly German Krettmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Manowo , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Yozgat is a city and the capital district of Yozgat province in the Central Anatolia Region of Turkey .
Ścinawka Średnia ( ɕt͡ɕiˈnafka ˈɕrɛdɲa ) ( German : Mittelsteine ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Obrežje pri Zidanem Mostu ( pronounced ( ɔˈbɾeːʒjɛ pɾi ˈziːdanɛm ˈmoːstu ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Elazığ ( Turkish pronunciation : ( eˈlazɯː ) ) ) is a city in Eastern Anatolia , Turkey , and the administrative center of Elazığ Province .
Ayuncha is a municipality and village in the Loreto Department in the Province of Santiago del Estero in Argentina .
The Brantental , also Brandental , is a valley in South Tyrol , Italy , stretching from Laives to Deutschnofen .
Aigani ( Greek : Αιγάνη ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Kato Olympos , which is part of the municipality of Tempi in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Federal Penitentiary Service ( FSIN of Russia , in Russian : Федеральная служба исполнения наказаний , ФСИН России Federalnaya Sluzhba Ispolneniya Nakazaniy , FSIN Rossii `` Russian Federal Service of punishment fulfillment '' ) - is the official name of the Russian federal prison authority responsible for security and maintenance of prisons in Russia .
Shabestar ( Persian : شبستر‎ ; also known as Chabiastar , Shabiastar , and Shabistar ) is a city in and the capital of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Dangar Falls is a cascade waterfall located across the Bielsdown River about 1.2 km ( 0.7 mi ) north of Dorrigo in the New England region of New South Wales , Australia .
The Eloise Copper Mine is a copper mine located in eastern Australia in Queensland , 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southeast of Cloncurry and 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) of McKinlay , in the vicinity of Mount Isa .
The Government of Uttar Pradesh is a democratically elected body in India with the Governor as its constitutional head .
Bērzkalne parish ( Latvian : Bērzkalnes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Balvi Municipality , Latvia .
Chah - e Sam ( Persian : چاه سم‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Sam ) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Hua Hum Pass ( Spanish : Paso Hua Hum Spanish pronunciation : ( waˈum ) , Pronounced : /wɑːuːm/ WAH - oom ) is an international mountain pass in the Andes between Chile and Argentina .
University of Stellenbosch Business School ( USB ) is the business school of the University of Stellenbosch in Bellville , Western Cape , South Africa .
Jug II is a city district of Osijek , Croatia .
Çlirim ( Albanian for `` liberation '' ) is a village and a former municipality in the Korçë County , southeastern Albania .
Arad International Airport ( IATA : ARW , ICAO : LRAR ) is located 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) west of Arad , in western Romania , in the historical region of Crișana .
Knutbühren is a village in southern Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Rosebel Gold Mine is jointly owned by IAMGOLD ( 95 % ) and the Government of Suriname ( 5 % ) .
Céligny is a municipality in the canton of Geneva , Switzerland .
Kołobrzeg ( kɔˈwɔbʐɛk ) ( German : Kolberg ( listen ) ) is a city in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north - western Poland with some 47,000 inhabitants ( as of 2014 ) .
Karanac ( Hungarian : Karancs ; Serbian Cyrillic : Kapaнaц ) is a settlement in the region of Baranja , Croatia .
Wiener Neustadt East Airport ( German : Flugplatz Wiener Neustadt / Ost ) ( ICAO : LOAN ) is an airport serving Wiener Neustadt , a city in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Al - Bilaliyah ( Arabic : البلالية‎ , also spelled ' ' Bilaliyeh ) is a village in southern Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located east of Damascus city .
Rrapshë ( also known as Rrapshë - Starë ) is a settlement in the former Kastrat Municipality , Shkodër County , northern Albania .
Cai Cai Camp ( also known as Cai Cai Special Forces Camp or Dan Chu Camp ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base northwest of Bình Thạnh Đông on the Plain of Reeds in southern Vietnam .
Oulu University Hospital ( OUH , Finnish : Oulun yliopistollinen sairaala , OYS ) is a university hospital in Oulu , Finland .
Mannathara is a small village in the Idukki District of Kerala on the southwest coast of India , located in the high ranges of the Western Ghats .
Government Muslim High School ( Bengali : সরকারী মুসলিম উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is a government high school in Chittagong , Bangladesh , situated in the Chittagong court hill area .
The Mosgiel Woollen Mill is situated in Mosgiel , Dunedin , New Zealand , and was opened in 1871 .
Krzyż Wielkopolski ( ˈkʂɨʂ vʲɛlkɔˈpɔlskʲi ) ( German : Kreuz ) is a town in Poland , with 6,317 inhabitants ( 2004 ) in Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodship .
Established in 1897 , Muritai School is state primary in Eastbourne , Lower Hutt , New Zealand .
Grmljani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Грмљани ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Masinan ( Persian : مسينان‎ , also Romanized as Masīnān ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Ngapara and Tokarahi Branches were two connected railway branch lines in northern Otago , New Zealand , part of the national rail network .
Postojna ( pronounced ( pɔˈstoːi̯na ) ; German : Adelsberg , Italian : Postumia ) is a town in the traditional region of Inner Carniola , 35 kilometers ( 22 mi ) from Trieste , in southwestern Slovenia .
Deh Balai ( Persian : ده بالايي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Bālā’ī ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Eastmain River Airport , ( IATA : ZEM , ICAO : CZEM ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) southwest of Eastmain , Quebec , Canada .
The Altân Tepe mine was a large mine in the east of Romania in Tulcea County , 63 km southwest of Tulcea and 215 km north - east of the capital , Bucharest .
Chal Ashkuh ( Persian : چال اشكوه‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Ashkūh , Chālāshkūh , Chāl Ashkū , Chāl Eshkūh , and Chalisih ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Niewirków - Kolonia ( ɲeˈvirkuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Assab International Airport ( IATA : ASA , ICAO : HHSB ) is an international airport in Assab , the capital of the Southern Red Sea region of Eritrea .
The Yenisei Gulf and all its islands belong to the Krasnoyarsk Krai administrative division of the Russian Federation and is part of the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve , the largest nature reserve of Russia .
Daravaram is a village in Chagallu mandalam , West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh state in India .
Papal Seminary , Pune , India , is a Catholic educational institute , primarily meant for the training of future priests of India .
Bjølsen is a neighbourhood in the Sagene borough in central - northern Oslo , Norway .
Jikharra ( إجخرة Ijkharrah ) is a desert oasis town in the Al Wahat District , Cyrenaica region , in north - eastern Libya .
Nemški Rovt ( pronounced ( ˈneːmʃki ˈroːu̯t ) ; in older sources also Nemški Rut , German : Deutschruth ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Høng is a town with a population of 4,311 ( 1 January 2015 ) and a former municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Region Sjælland near the west coast of the island of Zealand ( Sjælland ) in Denmark .
Zabok is a town and municipality situated in northwest Croatia in the Krapina - Zagorje County .
The Tenorio River in Costa Rica rises near the Tenorio Volcano where it becomes a fast moving river , with some areas of rapids popular for white - water rafting and flows to join the Corobicí River .
Kila Raipur is a noted village of Ludhiana district in Punjab , India as it hosts the annual Kila Raipur Sports Festival , known as the Rural Olympics .
Gogaran ( Armenian : Գոգարան ; formerly , Gëran ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Phura is an important and census town in Mara Autonomous District Council ( MADC ) in southern part of Mizoram state in Northeast India .
Red Flag Mangyongdae Revolutionary School is an elite school in Mangyongdae district , Pyongyang , North Korea .
Pisheh Var ( Persian : پيشه ور‎ , also Romanized as Pīsheh Var ; also known as Pīseh Var and Pīshevar ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Alvøen or Alvøy is a manor house located on a historic industrial site in the Laksevåg borough of the city of Bergen , Norway .
Rodney Bay is a bay on Saint Lucia ; it is along the northwestern coast of the island to the north of Choc Bay .
CSA Steaua București ( Clubul Sportiv al Armatei Steaua -- English : Army Sports Club Steaua ) is a Romanian sports society from Bucharest , Romania run by the Ministry of National Defence of Romania .
Metropolitan Redevelopment Authority ( MRA ) is a statutory authority of the Government of Western Australia .
Danish Abad ( pronounced `` Daan - ish Aab - aad '' ) , literally `` town of intellect '' , is a suburb town of Peshawar the capital city of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan .
Bueng Kok ( Thai : บึงกอก ) is a sub - district in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Wager Bay ( previously : Wager River ) is long narrow inlet in Kivalliq Region , Nunavut , Canada which opens east into Roes Welcome Sound at the northwest end of Hudson Bay .
Monte Morello is the highest mountain ( 3065 ft . ) in the Florentine valley , Italy .
The Gola Dzierżoniowska Castle ( German : Schloss Guhlau ) erected in the second half of the 16th century is situated in the village of Gola Dzierżoniowska ( Dzierżoniów County ) , in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
The Ulúa River ( Spanish : Río Ulúa , Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈri.o uˈlu.a ) ) is a river in western Honduras .
The Bhede River is a river in India , and is a tributary of the Telen River .
The İvriz relief is a Hittite rock relief in south - central Anatolia , located in the town of Aydınkent , formerly called İvriz ( modern Turkey , Konya Province , about 17 km south - east of the modern town of Ereğli ) .
The Antwerp Maritime Academy ( Dutch : Hogere Zeevaartschool Antwerpen ) is a university college in Belgium , located in the north of Antwerp .
Mowtowr - e Mir Huti Naruyi ( Persian : موتورميرهوتي نارويي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Mīr Hūtī Nārūyī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
In May 2007 The Times newspaper reported that police had found a crystal meth factory in Stoney Middleton , in a rented industrial unit in the Rock Hill business park ; it was the largest such facility discovered in the United Kingdom at the time .
The AACTA Award for Best Costume Design is an accolade given by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts ( AACTA ) , a non - profit organisation whose aim is to `` identify , award , promote and celebrate Australia 's greatest achievements in film and television . ''
Miedniki ( mjɛdˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Darza ( Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic : Дарза ) is a village in the Ulcinj Municipality , southeastern Montenegro .
The Moose Jaw City Hall is home to the Moose Jaw City Council and is located at 228 Main Street North in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , Canada , and is designated as a municipal heritage property .
Dương Thủy is a rural commune ( xã ) in the Lệ Thủy District , Quảng Bình Province , North Central Coast region of Vietnam .
Simfy Music was a music subscription service available in Germany , Austria , Switzerland , and South Africa .
Hanková ( Hungarian : Annafalva ) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle - eastern Slovakia .
Alladale Wilderness Reserve is currently the United Kingdom 's largest wilderness engineering and rewilding area .
Palanganeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پلنگانه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
As Sayliyah Army Base ( Arabic:قاعدة السيلية العسكرية ) is a United States Army base located outside Doha , Qatar .
Hefeng County ( simplified Chinese : 鹤峰县 ; traditional Chinese : 鶴峰縣 ; pinyin : Hèfēng Xiàn ) is a county in the southwestern part of Hubei province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Hunan province to the south .
Kangalanchery is a small village located near Thiruvarur , India known for its paddy fields and temples .
Kapurthala ( Punjabi : ਕਪੂਰਥਲਾ ) is a city in Punjab state of India .
Tanjungpura is a name of a small town in Ketapang Regency of West Kalimantan , Indonesia .
Mont Mégantic is a monadnock located in Québec , Canada , about 15 km north of the border between Québec and the U.S. states of Maine and New Hampshire .
Saticula was a Samnite city near the frontier of Campania , southern Italy .
Tromsø University Museum is the oldest scientific institution in North - Norway .
The Nili Tower is a 57-floor tower in the Jumeirah Village in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Trévou - Tréguignec ( Breton : An Trevoù ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
On 15 January 1974 the foundation stone of Narendra Dev University of Agriculture and Technology was led by the prime minister of India late Smt .
The Internationaler Sozialistischer Kampfbund ( ISK ; `` International Socialist Militant League '' ) was a socialist split - off from the SPD during the Weimar Republic and was active in the German Resistance against Nazism .
Khundab ( Persian : خونداب‎ , also Romanized as Khūndāb ; also known as Kondāb ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , Mehrdasht District , Najafabad County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Avagun ( Persian : اوگون‎ , also Romanized as Āvagūn ) is a village in Sadat Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Renforth Gateway is a planned GO Transit bus station at Eglinton Avenue and Renforth Drive in northeastern Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Wilczęta ( vilˈt͡ʂɛnta ) ( German : Deutschendorf ) is a village in Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bonalbo , a rural village in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales , Australia , is located 815 kilometres ( 506 mi ) north - east of Sydney .
Rundle Park , also known as Park 13 or by its Kaurna name Kadlitpina / Kadlitpinna , is a part of the Adelaide Parklands in southern Australia .
Wydzierów ( vɨˈd͡ʑeruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Hervey Range is a large mountain range about 39 kilometres ( 24 mi ) north of Townsville , in Queensland , Australia .
Kosowy ( kɔˈsɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niwiska , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Arcos Bosques is an office and shopping complex in Bosques de las Lomas , Cuajimalpa borough , Mexico City , very close to the Santa Fe business district .
The Manambolo River is a river in the highlands of Madagascar , located 130 km west of Antananarivo .
Tetovo ( Macedonian : Тетово , ( ˈtɛtɔvɔ ) ; Albanian : Tetovë / Tetova ; Turkish : Kalkandelen ) is a city in the northwestern part of Macedonia , built on the foothills of Šar Mountain and divided by the Pena River .
The Hamburger Segel - Club ( Hamburger Sailing Club ) ( HSC ) , is one of the oldest and most active sailing clubs in Germany .
The University of Kelaniya ( Sinhalese : කැළණිය විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය , Tamil : களனி பல்கலைக்கழகம் ) is a state university of Sri Lanka .
Drogen is a municipality in Germany in the Thuringian landkreis of Altenburger Land and belongs to the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft of the same name .
Mošorin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мошорин ) is a village in Serbia .
Sorapiss , also referred to as Sorapis or Punta Sorapiss , is a mountain in the Dolomites within the Veneto region of northern Italy .
Nagyhuta ( Slovak : Veľká Huta ) is a village in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Hungary .
The Carnival of Viareggio ( Italian : Carnevale di Viareggio ) is a carnival event yearly held in the Tuscan city of Viareggio , in Italy .
Patoc is a little studied strongly fumarolic stratovolcano in the Philippines .
Kranaia was one of the provinces of Cephalonia Prefecture of Greece .
São Cristóvão ( officially named Imperial de São Cristóvão ) is a traditional neighborhood located in North of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Parsęta ( German : Persante ) is a river in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship ( Zachodniopomorskie ) of north - western Poland , a tributary of the Baltic Sea , with a length of 132 km ( 82 mi ) and a basin area of 3,151 km2 ( 1,217 sq mi ) .
Dinskaya ( Russian : Динская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) and the administrative center of Dinskoy District in Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Pukkila ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈpukkila ) ) ( Swedish : Buckila ) is a municipality of Finland .
Qushqovan - e Vosta ( Persian : قوشقوان وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Qūshqovān - e Vosţá ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gołoniwy ( ɡɔwɔˈnivɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy - Bramura , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bielicha ( bjɛˈlixa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gan Sorek ( Hebrew : גַּן שׂוֹרֵק , lit . Sorek Garden ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Lake Wallace is a freshwater lake located in Edenhope in the Western District of Victoria , Australia .
Stongfjorden Chapel ( Norwegian : Stongfjorden bedehuskapell ) is a chapel in Gaular Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Ballincollig ( Irish : Baile an Chollaigh ) is a satellite town and largest town ( not including Cork City ) in County Cork , Ireland , approximately 9 km west of Cork city .
Les Pontins ( el . 1110 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Berne in Switzerland .
Hilgert in the Kannenbäckerland is an Ortsgemeinde -- a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde -- in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Majestic Centre , designed by Jack Manning of Manning Mitchell in association with Kendon McGrail of Jasmax Architects and completed in 1991 , is the tallest building in Wellington , New Zealand .
Paulstown ( Irish : Baile Phóil ) is a small village in County Kilkenny in Ireland .
Teatua a Taepoa or Teatua - a - Taepoa , is an islet of Nanumea atoll , Tuvalu .
Postomino ( pɔstɔˈminɔ ) ( formerly German Pustamin ) is a village in Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kalmar is a city in the southeast of Sweden , situated by the Baltic Sea .
Nowy Staw ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈstaf ) ( German : Neuteich ; Kashubian : Nytëch ) is a small town in northern Poland on the Święta river in the Żuławy region , with 3 896 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China General Office of the State Council of the People 's Republic of China General Office of the Central Military Commission
Bada Valley or Napu Valley , located in the Lore Lindu National Park in Central Sulawesi , Indonesia , contains hundreds of megaliths going back to the 14th century .
Dwernik ( ˈdvɛrɲik ) ( Ukrainian : Дверник , Dvernyk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Mayen is a town in the Mayen - Koblenz District of the Rhineland - Palatinate Federal State of Germany , in the eastern part of the Volcanic Eifel Region .
Röcken is a village and former municipality in the Burgenlandkreis district , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Auckland Grammar School is a state secondary school for years 9 to 13 boys in Auckland , New Zealand .
Figure skating at the 2014 Winter Olympics was held at the Iceberg Skating Palace in Sochi , Russia .
Mokotów Prison ( Polish : Więzienie mokotowskie , also known as Rakowiecka Prison ) is a prison in Warsaw 's borough of Mokotów , Poland , located at 37 Rakowiecka Street .
Leżachów - Osada ( lɛˈʐaxuf ɔˈsada ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Victor Civita Latin American Library ( in Portuguese Biblioteca Latino - Americana Victor Civita ) is a public library of the city of São Paulo , Brazil .
Delak is the district center of Dawlat Yar district , Ghor Province , Afghanistan .
Khonak ( Persian : خنك‎ , also Romanized as Khonok ; also known as Gunak and Jonak ) is a village in Sefidar Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Thuringian Forest Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Thüringer Wald ) is one of the two nature parks in the state of Thuringia , Germany .
Przemystka ( pʂɛˈmɨstka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Playa Zipolite is a beach community located in San Pedro Pochutla municipality on the southern coast of Oaxaca state in Mexico between Huatulco and Puerto Escondido .
Tripoli Municipal Stadium is a 22,000 capacity multi - use stadium in Tripoli , Lebanon .
Ytterbyn is a village in Kalix Municipality in the county of Norrbotten in Sweden .
Lamana Hotel is a hotel in Waigani , Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea , located near the St John Guise Stadium .
Hiidenniemi beacon tower ( Hiidenniemen pooki in Finnish ) was a historic daymark tower on the northern coast of Hailuoto island in Gulf of Bothnia in Finland .
The Schänzel Tower was erected in 1874 a result of Germany 's nationalistic fervour after her victory in the Franco - Prussian War of 1870/71 .
The Pointe du Van ( Breton : Beg ar Vann , French : Pointe du Van , 48 ° 03′48``N 4 ° 42′55''W ) is a promontory that extends into the Atlantic from western Brittany , in France .
Lenhovda IF is a Swedish sports association , located in Lenhovda , Sweden and founded in 1928 .
Jacquemart Island , one of the islets surrounding Campbell Island in New Zealand , lies 1 km ( 0.62 mi ) south of Campbell Island and is the southernmost island of New Zealand .
Gzów ( ɡzuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Avedørelejren is a former military base in Avedøre , Hvidovre Municipality , some 10 km west of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Greenly Island Conservation Park is a protected area associated with Greenly Island located off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) west of Coffin Bay .
Château d'Hougoumont ( originally Goumont ) is a large farmhouse situated at the bottom of an escarpment near the Nivelles road in Braine - l'Alleud , near Waterloo , Belgium .
The Lutsk Orthodox Fellowship of the True Cross is an architectural and historical complex consisting of a church and a monastery and located on the border of the market and Bratskiy Mist squares in Lutsk , Ukraine .
Pirallahy raion ( Azerbaijani : Pirallahy Rayonu ) is a municipal district of the city of Baku , capital of Azerbaijan .
Aitoliko railway station ( Greek : Σιδηροδρομικός Σταθμός Αιτωλικού , Sidirodromikos Stathmos Etolikou ) was a railway station in the town of Aitoliko in Aetolia - Acarnania , Greece , the station served two rail lines :
Tegea ( Greek : Τεγέα ) was a settlement in ancient Greece , and it is also a former municipality in Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Chautara Municipality ( Nepali : चौतारा ) is a municipality in Sindhupalchowk District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Wetlet ( Burmese : ဝတ်လတ် ) is a town in Shwebo District , Sagaing Division in Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Maha Mutharam is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of telangana in India .
Prins Oscars Land is a land area constituting mainly Platenhalvøya , a peninsula between Rijpfjorden in the west and Duvefjorden with Fortherbyfjorden and Innvika on Nordaustlandet , Svalbard in Arctic Norway .
Bugzy Płoskie ( ˈbuɡzɨ ˈpwɔskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology ( MJCET ) is located at Banjara Hills , the heart of the city of Hyderabad in India .
Amba Aradam is a mountain in northern Ethiopia .
Pyyvesi is a medium - sized lake of South Karelia region in Finland .
Cuicatlán District is located in the northeast of the Cañada Region of the State of Oaxaca , Mexico .
Kuligów ( kuˈliɡuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cadafais ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kɐdɐˈfajʃ ) ) is a former civil parish , located in the municipality of Alenquer , in western Portugal .
Halstenbek is a free municipality in the district of Pinneberg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Musalu ( Persian : موسالو‎ , also Romanized as Mūsálū and Mūsá Lū ) is a village in Bedevostan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Kubršnica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кубршница ) is a river in Šumadija region of central Serbia , a 42 km - long left and the longest tributary to the Jasenica river .
Mount Khalatsa or Khalaskhokh ( Ossetian : Халасхох ; literally : `` frost mount '' ) is the highest point of South Ossetia , a disputed region in Georgia , with an altitude of 3,938 metres ( 12,920 ft ) .
Abad railway station ( Urdu : آباد ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Abad village , Jacobabad district of Sindh province of the Pakistan .
Wild Blue Yokohama was a large indoor pool complex located in Tsurumi - ku , Yokohama , Japan .
Chelgard ( Persian : چلگرد‎ , also Romanized as Chelgerd ) is a city in and the capital of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
La Rumorosa is a town in the municipality of Tecate , Baja California , Mexico .
Barking Lodge is a small village in the parish of Saint Thomas close to the south - east coast of Jamaica .
Lake Valdayskoye , Lake Valdai ( Russian : Валдайское озеро , озеро Валдай ) is a freshwater lake , located in the center of Valdaysky District of Novgorod Oblast in Russia , in the middle of the Valdai Hills .
Qaranjeh ( Persian : قارنجه‎ , also Romanized as Qāranjeh ; also known as Qārīnjān ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fort Good Hope ( or the Charter Community of K'asho Got'ine ) is a charter community in the Sahtu Region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
DLF Golf and Country Club is a country club in Gurgaon , India , built and maintained by DLF Limited .
Kus Ali ( Persian : كوس علي‎ , also Romanized as Kūs `` Alī ; also known as Kūseh `` Alī ) is a village in Nahr - e Mian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 233 , in 62 families .
Heringsdorf Pier ( German : Seebrücke Heringsdorf ) - a pier located in Heringsdorf , with a length of 508 metres ; stretching out into the Baltic Sea , on the island of Usedom ; in Germany .
The Pahang River ( Malay : Sungai Pahang ) is a river that flows through the state of Pahang , Malaysia .
Umbria ( /ˈʌmbriə/ UM - bree - ə ; Italian pronunciation : ( ˈumbrja ) ) , is a region of historic and modern central Italy .
Tang - e Dehuiyeh ( Persian : تنگ دهويه‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Dehūīyeh ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hamburgo Velho ( originally Hamburguer Berg ) is considered the historical district of Novo Hamburgo , Brazil .
The Budapest University of Jewish Studies ( Hungarian : Országos Rabbiképző -- Zsidó Egyetem , or Országos Rabbiképző Intézet / Jewish Theological Seminary -- University of Jewish Studies / German : Landesrabbinerschule in Budapest ) is a university in Budapest , Hungary .
The Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada plaque at the Mewata Armouries states The seale and bold design of the Mewata Armoury exemplify the wave of national pride that greeted Canada 's strong performance in the South African War .
The Firth of Thames is a large bay located in the north of the North Island of New Zealand .
Xanlarkənd ( also , Khanlarkend ) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Thung Salaeng Luang National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติทุ่งแสลงหลวง ) is a national park located in the Phitsanulok and Phetchabun Provinces of Thailand .
Gornja Crnuća ( Serbian : Горња Црнућа listen ) is a village in Gornji Milanovac municipality of Serbia .
Rheinzabern is a small town in the south - east of Rhineland - Palatinate in Germany near the Rhine river .
Lusaka is the capital and largest city of Zambia .
MS 1970 is the name of the ski jumping venue in Štrbské Pleso , Slovakia .
Skoindustrimuseet i Kumla , the Shoe Industry Museum in Kumla , Sweden is a museum memorizing the surrounding region 's history of shoe manufacturing .
El Remolino is a community that is located in the municipality of Juchipila in the state of Zacatecas in Mexico .
Soblówka ( sɔˈblufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujsoły , within Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Boni Avenue is a major east - west thoroughfare in Mandaluyong , eastern Metro Manila , Philippines .
Cestice ( Hungarian : Szeszta ) is a village and municipality in Košice - okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Säppi ( Swedish : Sebbskär ) is an island on the coast of Bothnian Sea in the municipality of Luvia in Finland .
San Mango sul Calore is a village and comune in the province of Avellino , in the Campania region of Italy .
Dippach - Reckange railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Dippech - Reckeng , French : Gare de Dippach - Reckange , German : Bahnhof Dippach - Reckingen ) is a railway station serving the town of Bettange - sur - Mess , in south - western Luxembourg .
Vauclusotte is a commune in the Doubs département in the Franche - Comté region in eastern France .
Dəymədağıldı ( also , Daymadagyldy or Dəymədağılı ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Parc botanique de Suscinio ( 28,862 m² ) is a botanical garden located on the grounds of the Château de Suscinio , Morlaix , Finistère , in Brittany , north - west France .
Belorusy i rynok ( Russian : Белорусы и рынок , pronounced ( bʲɛləˈrusɨ ɪ ˈrʲnək ) ) is the main business weekly newspaper published in Belarus .
Arano is a village and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Bhitarkanika National Park is a national park located in the Kendrapara District Odisha in eastern India .
Gawłuszowice ( ɡavwuʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Chaqa Zard Baghi ( Persian : چقازردباغي‎ , also Romanized as Chaqā Zard Bāghī , Cheqā Zard - e Bāghī , and Choqā Zard - e Bāghī ; also known as Cheqā Zard and Chīa Zard ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Əbılcə ( also , Abil’dzha ) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The MLC Centre is a skyscraper in Sydney , Australia .
Haisyn or Haysyn ( Ukrainian : Га́йсин , Haysyn ; Polish : Hajsyn ; Russian : Га́йсин , Gaysin ) is a town in central Ukraine , the administrative center of the Haisyn Raion in Vinnytsia Oblast .
Dunedin - Waitati Highway ( SH 1 ) , formerly ( and currently in official land - use planning contexts ) called Dunedin Northern Motorway , is a two to four - lane limited - access road which provides the main route north from the city of Dunedin , New Zealand .
Minangkabau International Airport ( Indonesian : Bandar Udara Internasional Minangkabau , Minangkabau : Bandar Udaro Internasional Minangkabau ) ( IATA : PDG , ICAO : WIPT ) is the principal airport serving the province of West Sumatra on the island of Sumatra , Indonesia .
Zoarvlei Wetlands is a wetland reserve of about 140 ha ( 350 acres ) in the city of Cape Town , South Africa .
Nerchau is a town and a former municipality in the Leipzig district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Puistolan Urheilijat ( abbreviated PuiU ) is a sports club from Helsinki , Finland specialising in football , badminton , tennis , volleyball , bowling and fitness .
Kępa Barnicka is a part of the Szczecin City , Poland situated on the islands between the West Oder river and East Oder River ( Regalica ) , east of the Szczecin Old Town , and west of Szczecin - Dąbie .
Mala Štanga ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla ˈʃtaːŋɡa ) ; German : Stangenwald , Stangen ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
The Acty Shiodome is a 190-metre , 56-storey residential skyscraper in the Shiodome area of Minato - Ku , Tokyo , Japan .
Poste Montagnais Airport , also known as Poste Montagnais - Mile 134 Airport ( TC LID : CSF3 ) is located at Poste Montagnais , Quebec , Canada .
Loping Airfield is a former World War II United States Army Air Forces airfield in the People 's Republic of China , located approximately 3 miles south of the community of Luoping in Luoping County ( Yunnan Province ) .
The Ramos Arizpe Assembly is a General Motors automobile factory in Ramos Arizpe , Coahuila , Mexico .
Alpha Psi Rho ( ΑΨΡ , also known as APsiRho ) is an Asian / Pacific Islander - interest fraternity , and a non - profit community organization founded at San Diego State University , and has since expanded across the southwest region of the United States of America .
The Răzoare mine is a large mine in the north of Romania in Maramureş County , 43 km southeast of Baia Mare and 507 km north of the capital , Bucharest .
Stawiereje - Michałowięta ( stavjɛˈrɛjɛ mixawɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Montréal division no . 2 ( or Montréal no . 2 ) was a former provincial electoral district in the Montreal region of Quebec , Canada that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec .
Smiskaret or Smiskardet is a village in the municipality of Malvik in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Valanjerd Rural District ( Persian : دهستان والانجرد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Dolenje Selce ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈsɛːu̯tsɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Czerwone ( t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bodaczki ( bɔˈdat͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Jinju Civic Stadium ( Korean : 진주공설운동장 ) , is a multi - use stadium in Jinju , South Korea It is used mostly for football matches .
Mazraeh - ye Zarghami ( Persian : مزرعه ضرغامي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ẕarghāmī ) is a village in Madar Soleyman Rural District , Hakhamanish District , Pasargad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Nai Aru Lagoon ( or Nay Aru Lagoon ) is an estuarine lagoon in Mullaitivu District , north - east Sri Lanka .
Wola Cieklińska ( ˈvɔla t͡ɕeˈklʲiɲska ) ( Ukrainian : Воля Цеклинська , Volia Tseklyns’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Edifício Praça da Bandeira , better known by its former name , Joelma Building , is a 25-story building in downtown São Paulo , Brazil , located at Avenida 9 de Julho , 225 .
Barp Gewog ( Dzongkha : བརཔ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Punakha District , Bhutan .
San Agustín Acasaguastlán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san aɣusˈtin akasaɣwaskaˈtlan ) ) is a municipality in the El Progreso department of Guatemala .
Zatopeks are a British pop punk band who formed in the United Kingdom in 2001 ; several band members played together in the band called 3½ Inch Floppy founded in 1999 at Birmingham University .
Takming University of Science and Technology ( TMUST ; Chinese : 德明財經科技大學 ) is a private university in Neihu District , Taipei , Taiwan .
Kfarfila ( Arabic : كفرفيلا‎ ) ( also known as Kafr fila , ) , is a town in the Nabatieh Governorate , ( Arabic : النبطية‎ ) al - Nabatiya , or Nabatiye southern Lebanon .
Danseoksan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk - do , eastern South Korea .
Ichon - dong is a county part of Yongsan - gu ( a district ) located in Seoul , South Korea .
Caledonia Senior Secondary School is a senior secondary school ( grades 10 through 12 inclusive ) in Terrace , British Columbia , Canada .
Yarrawarrah is a suburb in southern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia 32 kilometres south of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of the Sutherland Shire .
University of Bijeljina is private university located in Bijeljina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gokprosh is a ridgeline of hills , part of the Coast Range of Baluchistan , Pakistan .
Kalak Bisheh - ye Sadiq ( Persian : كلكبيشه صادق‎ , also Romanized as Kalaḵ Bīsheh - ye Sādiq ) is a village in Malavi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Conchy - sur - Canche is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais country of France .
Shenatal - e Olya ( Persian : شناتال عليا‎ , also Romanized as Shenātāl - e `` Olyā ; also known as Shenātāl ) is a village in Chahriq Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 359 , in 67 families .
Mowtowr - e Abdol Ghafur Naruyi ( Persian : موتورعبدالغفورنارويي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAbdol Ghafūr Nārūyī ) is a village in Bampur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Estadio Alfonso Murube is a football stadium located in the autonomous city of Ceuta , Spain in Northern Africa .
Ifrane Airport ( Arabic : مطار إفران‎ ) ( ICAO : GMFI ) is an airport serving Ifrane , a town in the Fès - Meknès region in Morocco .
Krklino ( Macedonian : Крклино ) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia
The University of Windsor Students ' Alliance , otherwise known as the UWSA , represents all full - time undergraduate students at the University of Windsor , located in Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
This makes the Mid - Norfolk Railway one of the longest standard - gauge heritage railways in the United Kingdom .
Kajjansi Airfield ( ICAO : HUKJ ) is an airfield in Uganda .
Sportsplassen ( `` The Sports Field '' ) is a multi - use stadium in Nordstrand borough , Oslo , Norway .
Moung ( Khmer : ឃុំមោង ) is a khum ( commune ) of Moung Ruessei District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
The University of Guelph ( U of G ) is a comprehensive public research university in Guelph , Ontario , Canada .
Edifício São Vito , popularly known as Treme - Treme ( literally `` Shiver - Shiver '' ) , was a 112-metre ( 367 ft ) , 27-storey former residential building , located in São Paulo , Brazil , finished in 1959 .
Koodalmanikyam Temple or Kudal Manikkam Temple is a Hindu temple which is situated in Irinjalakuda , Trissur district , Kerala state , India .
The Híjar Synagogue is a surviving , pre - expulsion synagogue building in the city of Híjar , Aragon , Spain .
Malvinas Day ( Spanish : Día de Malvinas ) , officially Day of the Veterans and Fallen of the Malvinas War ( Día del Veterano de Guerra y de los Caídos en la Guerra de las Malvinas ) , is a public holiday in Argentina , observed each year on 2 April .
Ośmiałowo ( ɔɕmjaˈwɔvɔ ) ( German : Achterfließ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Ballarat Star was a newspaper in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia , first published on 22 September 1855 .
A Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors is a periodic Royal Commission of the United Kingdom used to hear patent disputes .
Chuchur ( Bulgarian : Чучур ) is a hamlet in the municipality of Smolyan , located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria .
Shimi Zuiyeh ( Persian : شيمي زوييه‎ , also Romanized as Shīmī Zūīyeh ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art ( LAMDA ) is a drama school situated in the west of London , United Kingdom .
Çiçek Pasajı ( literally Flower Passage in Turkish ) , originally called the Cité de Péra , is a famous historic passage ( galleria or arcade ) on İstiklal Avenue in the Beyoğlu district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Nameri National Park is a national park in the foothills of the eastern Himalayas in the Sonitpur District of Assam , India , about 35 km from Tezpur .
Doddavaram is located in the Maddipadu Mandal of Prakasam District in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Sang - e Kabutaran ( Persian : سنگ كبوتران‎ , also Romanized as Sang - e Kabūtarān ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Rizal Technological University ( RTU ) is a State University located at Mandaluyong , Philippines .
The Brazeau River is a river in western Alberta , Canada .
The most significant building of Karabournaki is the so - called Kyvernion ( Governmental House ) also called as `` Palataki '' ( little Palace ) ; which was the official residence of the King and Queen of Greece during their visits in Thessaloniki .
Ruddock v Vadarlis ( also known as the Tampa case ) was an important Australian court case decided in the Federal Court of Australia on 18 September 2001 .
Wadi Salih is a province of West Darfur state of Sudan .
Maar Shamshah ( Arabic : معر شمشه‎ , also spelled Maarshmisha ) is a village administratively belonging to the Idlib Governorate in northwestern Syria .
Stavropol ( Russian : Ставрополь ; IPA : ( ˈstavrəpəlʲ ) ) is a city and the administrative center of Stavropol Krai , Russia .
Hokse Bazar is a market place in Panchkhal Municipality in Kabhrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Kłobucko is a part of the Szczecin City , Poland situated on the right bank of Oder river , east of the Szczecin Old Town , and south - east of Szczecin - Dąbie .
Botro ( also known as Kouadio Kro ) is a town in central Ivory Coast .
Chah Kheyr ( Persian : چاه خيره‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Kheyr ; also known as Cheshmeh Khomeynī ) is a village in Tarhan - e Gharbi Rural District , Tarhan District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ayyubiyeh Agriculture Department ( Persian : گروه كشاورزي ايوبيه‎ -- Garaveh Keshāvarzī - ye Āyyūbīyeh ) is a village and department in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Vágseiði is an area in Vágur , Faroe Islands , located on the west coast of Suðuroy west of the village Vágur , from which it takes its name .
Laksjøen is a lake in Lierne municipality in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Mizoram People 's Conference , a regional political party in Mizoram , India .
Alcoleja ( Valencian pronunciation : ( aɫkoˈledʒa ) , Spanish : Alcolecha ) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Casier is a town and comune in the province of Treviso , Veneto region , in north - eastern Italy .
The Bell of Yongjusa is located in the temple of Yongjusa , near Suwon , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Worcestershire Wildlife Trust is one of 47 wildlife trusts throughout the United Kingdom .
The Huon Commonwealth Marine Reserve is a Marine Protected Area of the coast of Hobart in Tasmania , Australia .
Schloss Vollrads is a castle and a wine estate in the Rheingau wine - growing region in Germany , that has been making wine for over 800 years .
Jamgeh ( Persian : جمگه‎ ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Route nationale 149 ( N149 ) is a trunk road ( nationale ) in western France .
The Chaîne des Alpilles is a small range of low mountains in Provence , southern France , located about 20 km ( 12 mi ) south of Avignon .
Abshir Ata Waterfall is a geological reserve at Abshir Say River in Nookat District of Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Prusinowiczki ( pruɕinɔˈvit͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Minor Basilica of the Black Nazarene ( canonically known as Saint John the Baptist Parish and colloquially known as Quiapo Church ; Spanish : Basílica Menor del Nazareno Negro ) is a prominent Roman Catholic Latin - rite basilica located in the District of Quiapo in the City of Manila , Philippines .
Badonviller ( German : Badenweiler ) is a commune in the Meurthe - et - Moselle department in northeastern France .
Ziguinchor ( also called Zinguinchor ) is the capital of the Ziguinchor Region , and the chief town of the Casamance area of Senegal , lying at the mouth of the Casamance River .
Maryland County is a county in the southeastern portion of the West African nation of Liberia .
Volhynian Governorate ( Russian : Волынская губерния , Ukrainian : Волинська губернія ) was an administrative - territorial unit initially of the Russian Empire , created at the end of 1796 after the Third Partition of Poland from the territory of the short - lived Volhynian Vice - royalty and Wołyń Voivodeship .
Aba Tenna Dejazmach Yilma International Airport ( Ge'ez : አባ ጤና ደጃዝማች ይልማ ዓለም አቀፍ የአየር ማረፊያ ābbā ṭēnā dejāzmāč yilmā ʿālem aqef ye - āyyer mārefīyā ) ( IATA : DIR , ICAO : HADR ) , also known as Dire Dawa International Airport , is an international airport serving Dire Dawa , a city in eastern Ethiopia .
The Evita Fine Arts Museum ( Museo Superior de Bellas Artes Evita ) is an art museum in Córdoba , Argentina .
CCC Chuen Yuen College ( Chinese : 中華基督教會全完中學 ) is a Chinese Christian secondary school in Hong Kong .
Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile ( SQM ) is a Chilean chemical and mining company , who mines lithium and makes fertilizer and other chemicals .
Ginučiai is a village on the shore of the Lake Linkmenas in the Aukštaitija National Park , Ignalina district of Lithuania .
Riocentro is an exhibition and convention center located in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
The Uppsala Astronomical Observatory ( UAO ) , Astronomiska observatoriet i Uppsala ) is the oldest astronomical observatory in Sweden .
Suroloyo Peak is the highest peak of the Menoreh Mountains on the island of Java , Indonesia .
The Gothenburg discothèque fire was a devastating fire caused by an arson attack on October 29 , 1998 , which occurred in premises located on Hisingen island in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Aspö is a small village on the Aspö Island in Väståboland , Finland .
Rasuwillka ( Quechua , hispanicized spellings Rasohuilca , Rasuvilca , Razohuilca , Razuhuilca , Razuhuillca , Razuwillka , Rasu Bilca , Rasu Willca , Razu Bilca ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Kelimutu ( ( kəliˈmutu ) ) is a volcano , close to the small town of Moni in central Flores island in Indonesia .
Nakazato Dam ( Japanese : 中里ダム ) is a dam in Mie Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1976 .
The New Yorker Lions are an American Football team from Braunschweig , Germany .
Zaļenieki Manor , also called Zaļā Manor because of the German word Grünhof , is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale , in Latvia .
Pobłocie Małe ( pɔˈbwɔt͡ɕɛ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Pobloth ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Hoya of Antequera ( also Antequera Depression or , in Spanish , Depresión de Antequera , Hoya de Antequera or Vega de Antequera ) is a sedimentary basin located in the northern part of the province of Málaga , Andalusia , Spain .
Nytorv ( English : New Square or New Market ) is a public square in the centre of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Joyabaj was also hit hard by the civil war that lasted about 30 years in Guatemala .
The Chai Folk Ensemble from Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada is North America 's oldest and largest Israeli folk dance ensemble .
Istana Kampong Glam ( Malay for `` Kampong Glam Palace '' ; Jawi : ايستان كامڤوڠ ڬلم ; Chinese : 甘榜格南皇宫 ) , also Istana Kampong Gelam , is a former Malay palace in Singapore .
Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation ( GSRTC ) is a state owned corporation for passenger transport providing bus services both within state of Gujarat , India and neighbouring states .
Hafslund is a borough located east of the city centre in the city of Sarpsborg , Norway , Before 1992 , Hafslund was a part of Skjeberg municipality .
The InterContinental Amstel Amsterdam Hotel or Amstel Hotel is a five - star hotel in Amsterdam , the Netherlands , on the east bank of the river Amstel .
Oświęcim Basin ( Polish : Kotlina Oświęcimska ) is a lowland , located in southern Poland , between the Lesser Poland Highlands to the north , Silesian Foothills and Wieliczka Foothills to the south .
Živogošće ( Italian : Svogoschia ) is a tourist locality in southern Dalmatia , Croatia , located between Makarska and Drvenik .
Viniegra de Abajo is a municipality of La Rioja ( Spain ) .
Shushenskoye ( Russian : Шу́шенское ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Shushensky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia , located at the confluence of the Yenisei and Big Shush .
Goudoumaria , Niger ( var . Goudomaria , Gudumaria ) is a town in the southeast of the country , in Diffa Region , northwest of Diffa .
Gav Daneh Zar ( Persian : گاودانه زار‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Dāneh Zār ; also known as Kān - e Zar , Kānī Zar , and Kan Zar ) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Grinjan ( pronounced ( ɡɾiˈnjaːn ) ) is a settlement south of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Gürgentepe is a small town and mountainous district of Ordu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey , 48 km ( 30 mi ) inland from the city of Ordu .
Bohobli is a village in the far west of Ivory Coast .
Kiwai Island is the largest island in the Fly River delta , Papua New Guinea .
Bratislava Castle ( Slovak : , , ) is the main castle of Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia .
Stefanówek ( stɛfaˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Bosome Freho District is one of the twenty - seven ( 27 ) districts in the Ashanti Region of Ghana .
Lalejin ( Persian : لالجين‎ , also Romanized as Lālejīn and Lālajīn ; known locally as Lalin ( Persian : لَلين ) , also Romanized as Lalīn ; and also known as Shahr - e Lālejīn ) is a city in and capital of Lalejin District , in Bahar County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Caribbean Bay is an indoor / outdoor water park located in Yongin , South Korea .
Kunjah ( Urdu : کنجاہ‎ ) is a town in Pakistan located in Gujrat District in the Punjab Province , the inhabitants are called Kunjahi .
Rédené ( Breton : Redene ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Brdo pri Lukovici ( pronounced ( ˈbəɾdɔ pɾi ˈluːkɔvitsi ) ; German : Egg ) is a small settlement next to Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Argentine Academy of Cinematography Arts and Sciences ( Spanish : Academia de las Artes y Ciencias Cinematográficas de la Argentina - AACCA ) is an industry association in Argentina founded in 2004 .
The Urban community of Nice Côte d'Azur ( French : communauté urbaine Nice Côte d'Azur ) , is the former intercommunal structure gathering the city of Nice ( France ) and some of its suburbs .
Považský Inovec is a mountain range in western Slovakia , named after the Váh river .
The 3rd Municipal Sportshall of Ano Liosia , also known as Zofria Indoor Hall ( Greek : Κλειστό Ζωφριάς ) , is an indoor sporting arena that is located in the Zofria district of Ano Liosia , Athens , Greece .
Rio Brito or Brito River is a river in the southwestern part of Nicaragua that drains into the Pacific Ocean near Punta Brito , a promontory .
Por Rud ( Persian : پررود‎ , also Romanized as Por Rūd ) is a village in Rudbar - e Shahrestan Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
North Mamuju Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Mamuju Utara ) is one of the five regencies which comprise West Sulawesi Province , Indonesia , on the island of Sulawesi .
Boucherville is a city in the Montérégie region in Quebec , Canada .
Aspropyrgos ( Greek : Ασπρόπυργος ) is a suburb of Athens , and a municipality in the West Attica regional unit , Attica , Greece .
Te Koko - o - Kupe / Cloudy Bay is located at the northeast of New Zealand 's South Island , to the south of the Marlborough Sounds and north of Clifford Bay .
Hondeklip Bay ( Afrikaans : Hondeklipbaai , which translates as dog stone bay ) is a coastal village in the Namakwa district of the Northern Cape province of South Africa .
Naigaya is a village in southwest Guinea .
Thelungan Kudikadu is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Toetsho Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྟོད་མཚོ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trashiyangtse District , Bhutan .
Boneh - ye Shir Mohammad ( Persian : بنه شيرمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Shīr Moḩammad ) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lake Burtnieks ( Latvian : Burtnieka ezers , Estonian : Asti järv ) is the fourth largest lake in Latvia .
The Kendayan ( also known as Dayak Kendayan or Kanayatn ) people are an ethnic group native to Kalimantan , Indonesia .
Corozal Bay is an inlet of Chetumal Bay , indenting northern Belize .
Galmoy Mine is a zinc and lead mine 50 km northwest of Kilkenny , Ireland .
St. Bernard 's Abbey , Hemiksem , also known as St. Bernard 's Abbey on the Scheldt ( Sint - Bernardusabdij van Hemiksem ; Abdij Sint - Bernaerdts aan de Schelde ) , located in Hemiksem in the province of Antwerp in Belgium , was a Cistercian monastery founded in 1243 and dissolved during the French Revolution .
Härjapea ( Estonian : Härjapea jõgi , lit . oxhead ) was a river in Tallinn , Estonia .
Chal Qasem ( Persian : چال قاسم‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Qāsem ) is a village in Shahi Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pilaitė is an elder ship in the Vilnius city municipality , Lithuania .
Schelten Pass ( French : La Scheulte ) ( el . 1151 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains between the cantons of Jura and Solothurn in Switzerland .
Ubowice ( ubɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś , within Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
St Andrews Lutheran College is a private Lutheran based junior school , middle school , and senior school at Tallebudgera on the Gold Coast in Queensland , Australia .
Administratively , it is part of a commune of the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France , the commune of Île - Molène , which also comprises several neighbouring islets .
Peurise Teumaga or Peurise Lembaga is a shield originating from Aceh , Indonesia .
Edenderry Power Station is a large peat - fired power station near Edenderry , in the Republic of Ireland .
Girka ( Arabic and Ajami غرك ) is a village in Kaita Local Government Katsina State , Nigeria .
Mačvanski Prnjavor ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мачвански Прњавор ) is a village in the municipality of Šabac , Serbia .
Makineh - ye Khar Farih ( Persian : مكينه خرفريح‎ , also Romanized as Makīneh - ye Khar Farīḥ ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Copterline OÜ ( Estonia ) was the flight operator , and FastClass Oy ( Finland , former Line Support Oy ) was the parent company , which was responsible for maintenance .
Chrysal Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Belleville and Quinte West , Hastings County , Ontario , Canada .
Mtamvuna River is a river that forms the border between KwaZulu - Natal and the Eastern Cape Provinces in South Africa .
The Aquinian is a student - owned - and - operated campus newspaper , at St. Thomas University ( STU ) in Fredericton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Lake Semyonovskoye ( Russian : Семёновское озеро ) is a freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula , Murmansk Oblast , Russia in Murmansk .
The Östliche Günz ( or eastern Günz ) is a river in Bavaria , Germany .
Marcus Oldham College is an agricultural and farm management institution located in Geelong , Victoria and is the only private agricultural college operating in Australia .
Killer Dwarfs ( stylized as KiLLeR DWaRfS ) are a Canadian heavy metal band who formed in late 1981 in Oshawa , Ontario , and who enjoyed moderate success in their native Canada in the 1980s .
Eldgarnsö Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Eldgarnsö naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Stockholm County in Sweden .
KFUM Jönköping is an YMCA association in Jönköping in Sweden , established in 1855 .
Bulnes El Litral Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Bulnes El Litral , ICAO : SCUL ) is a public - use airport located near Bulnes , Bío Bío , Chile .
The Princess Amalia Wind Farm ( Prinses Amaliawindpark in Dutch ) is an offshore wind farm in the Netherlands .
Hameh Shan ( Persian : همه شان‎ , also Romanized as Hameh Shān ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Saint - Joseph - de - Beauce is a city in the Municipalité régionale de comté Robert - Cliche in Quebec , Canada .
Dunston Hall Hotel is a mock Elizabethan grade II listed building in the English village of Dunston , in the county of Norfolk , United Kingdom .
Shekar Beg ( Persian : شكربگ‎ ; also known as Shekar Bek ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Duży Dół ( ˈduʐɨ ˈduu̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Beatty Secondary School is a co - educational neighbourhood secondary school in Toa Payoh , Singapore .
Palandöken Dam is a rock - fill embankment dam on the Lezgi River near Çat in Erzurum Province , Turkey .
Parys ( pronounced /ˈpɑːreɪs/ ) is a town situated on the banks of the Vaal River in the Free State province of South Africa .
Bidak - e Pain ( Persian : بيدك پائين‎ , also Romanized as Bīdak - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The City of Chincha Alta is located 200 kilometers south of Lima , in the Chincha Province of the Ica Region of Peru .
Mahamalar ( also , Magamalar , Magomalar , and Magomallar ; Avar : МахIамалросу ) is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Makurdi Airport ( IATA : MDI , ICAO : DNMK ) is an airport serving Makurdi , the capital city of the Benue State of Nigeria .
Banksia Park International High School is a high school in Banksia Park , a suburb of Adelaide , South Australia .
Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council ( DGHC ) ( 1988 - 2012 ) , also once known for a short period of time as Darjeeling Gorkha Autonomous Hill Council ( DGAHC ) , was a semi - autonomous body that looked after the administration of the hills of Darjeeling District in the state of West Bengal , India .
Nea Kydonia ( Greek : Νέα Κυδωνία ) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Yessentuki (; Russian : Ессентуки́ ) is a city in Stavropol Krai , Russia , located at the base of the Caucasus Mountains .
Oslica ( pronounced ( ˈoːslitsa ) ; German : Osselze ) is a small settlement just northwest of Muljava in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Gurakki , also spelt Gorakki , is a village of Haripur District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Ruda - Huta ( ˈruda ˈxuta ) is a village in Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Zaña Valley is an archaeological site in northern Peru , which contains the earliest known canals in South America .
Uzovská Panica ( Hungarian : Uzapanyit ) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Firuz Salar ( Persian : فيروزسالار‎ , also Romanized as Fīrūz Sālār ) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District , Gugan District , Azarshahr County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Körlübeyi ( or Körlü Beyi ; formerly Gürlü ) is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province , Turkey .
The Bay of Cádiz is a body of water in the province of Cádiz , Spain , adjacent to the southwestern coast of the Iberian Peninsula .
Mjølfjell is a village area located in the eastern part of the Raundalen valley in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Laugh Resort was one of the most popular stand - up comedy clubs located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Iyang - Argapura is a massive volcanic complex that dominates the landscape between Mount Raung and Mount Lamongan in East Java , Indonesia .
Sandland ( Northern Sami : Sáttomohgáddi ) is a village in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county , Norway .
Pipera is a district of Voluntari city , situated in the north part of Bucharest , Romania .
Gimmigela Chuli , or The Twins , is a mountain in the Himalayas , located on the border between Taplejung , Mechi , Nepal and Sikkim , India .
Valdresflye , also spelled Valdresflya and Valdresflyi , is a mountain plateau in the easternmost part of Jotunheimen in Øystre Slidre , Norway .
Grotta di Cocceio , also known as the Cocceius Tunnel , is a straight - line subterranean gallery nearly a kilometre in length connecting Lake Avernus with Cumae north of Naples , Italy .
The Oparara Basin is a basin drained by the Oparara River at 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Karamea , at the West Coast Region of the South Island of New Zealand .
Coringa Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary and estuary situated in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Co - operator Veerasingam Hall ( Tamil : கூட்டுறவாளர் வீரசிங்கம் மண்டபம் , Sinhala : වීරසිංහම් ශාලාව ; commonly known as Veerasingam Hall ) is a public hall / office building in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka .
Luchkivtsi ( Ukrainian : Лучківці ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Satpati is one of the biggest fishing villages on the western coast of India .
Kukës Island is a small island located in the north of Albania , in the Fierza Lake .
Similkameen Falls is a waterfall in British Columbia , Canada , on the Similkameen River located just below the mouth of the Pasayten River and just above the mouth of Copper Creek about 25 km upstream ( south ) from Princeton .
Puente Transbordador ( also known as Buenos Aires Transporter Bridge , Puente Transbordador de La Boca Puente Transbordador Nicolás Avellaneda , Antiguo Puente Nicolás Avellaneda or Transbordador del Riachuelo ) is a transporter bridge in Buenos Aires , Argentina , it was completed in 1914 .
Jabłonna Lacka ( jaˈbwɔnna ˈlat͡ska ) is a village in Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jonstrup is a suburban neighbourhood situated in Furesø Municipality on the west side of Hareskoven forest in the northwestern outskirts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Andab - e Qadim ( Persian : انداب قديم‎ , also Romanized as Andāb - e Qadīm ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sandoy ( Danish : Sandø . English : Sandisland ) is the first of the five southern islands that make up the Faroe chain , the fifth biggest of all the Faroe Islands , an autonomous region of the Kingdom of Denmark .
The Mooloolah River is a river in South East Queensland , Australia .
Shamlu - ye Kuchak ( Persian : شاملوي كوچك ‎ , also Romanized as Shāmlū - ye Kūchak ; also known as Shāmlūy - e Kūchak and Shāmlū - ye Bālā ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
St. Catharines General Hospital was a general hospital established in 1865 in St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada serving the Niagara Region .
Dobrouščići ( Serbian : Доброучићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Szaflary ( ʂaˈflarɨ ) is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 ( it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975 - 1998 ) .
Daejeon Science High School is a science high school , located in Daejeon , South Korea .
In February 1968 , a year after the formation of the VLAA , Western Australia held its first Little Athletics meet at Perry Lakes Stadium .
Tokmovo ( Russian : Токмово ) is a village ( selo ) in Kovylkinsky District of the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Frederick Henry Bay is a body of water in the southeast of Tasmania , Australia .
Silchar Airport ( IATA : IXS , ICAO : VEKU ) is located in Silchar in the state of Assam , India built by the British in 1944 and is also a Civil enclave airport as it is under the control of Indian Air Force .
The Goteik viaduct ( Burmese : ဂုတ်ထိပ်တံတား , also known as Gohteik viaduct ) is a railway trestle in Nawnghkio , western Shan State , Myanmar ( also known as Burma ) .
Osokorky ( Ukrainian : Осокорки ) is a historical neighbourhood , on the left bank of Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Classic Gold WABC was a United Kingdom radio station , broadcasting to much of Wolverhampton and Shropshire from studios in Dunstable .
Haryana Colony ( Urdu : ہریانہ کالونی ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Orangi Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Kibbutz Gezer Field was the home ground for Israeli baseball teams Modi'in Miracle and Bet Shemesh Blue Sox in the Israel Baseball League .
The Hall Islands are a group of two large atolls in the state of Chuuk , Federated States of Micronesia .
Kanash ( Russian : Кана́ш ; Chuvash : Канаш , Kanaš , lit . soviet ) is a town in the Chuvash Republic , Russia , located at a major railway junction 76 kilometers ( 47 mi ) from Cheboksary , the capital of the republic .
Gedempte Zalmhaven , also referred to as Zalmhaven Toren , is a project that includes a 212 m residential tower in Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
Əyricə ( also , Ayridzha and Eyridzha ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Oulad Boubker ( Amazigh : Ulad Bubker , ⵓⵍⴰⴷ ⴱⵓⴱⴽⴻⵔ , Arabic : ولاد بوبكر ) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco .
Han Šići ( Serbian : Хан Шићи ) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Myrodato ( Greek : Μυρωδάτο ) is a settlement in the Abdera municipal unit , Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
Helsinki-86 was an important early actor during the `` Singing Revolution '' in Latvia , during which the country regained its independence from the USSR .
Dravce is a village and municipality in Levoča District in the Prešov Region of central - eastern Slovakia .
Kilinochchi ( Tamil : கிளிநொச்சி , IAST Kilinocci , Sinhalese : කිලිනොච්චි ) is the main town of Kilinochchi District , Northern Province of Sri Lanka .
Satres ( Greek : Σάτρες , Bulgarian : Синиково , Sinikovo , Turkish : Ketenlik ) is a former community in the Xanthi regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
Ketchowla Station is a pastoral lease operating as a sheep station in the Mid North region of South Australia .
Bijar Sar ( Persian : بيجارسر‎ , also Romanized as Bījār Sar ; also known as Bodzhyarser , Bojār Sar , and Bojiarser ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
American Cooperative School of La Paz or ACS Calvert ( ACS ) , is an American international school in La Paz , Bolivia , serving kindergarten through grade 12 .
The Superprestige Gavere is a November cyclo - cross race held in Gavere , Belgium , which is part of the Superprestige .
Charters Towers Excelsior Library is the local library in Charters Towers in North Queensland , Australia .
The Royal Exhibition Building is a World Heritage Site - listed building in Melbourne , Australia , completed in 1880 .
Thessaloniki Concert Hall ( Greek : Μέγαρο Μουσικής Θεσσαλονίκης ) is a centre for the performing arts in Thessaloniki , Greece .
The Paroi - Senawang - KLIA Expressway , ( PSKE ) is a proposed expressway in Negeri Sembilan and Selangor state , Malaysia .
Mleczków ( ˈmlɛt͡ʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vilamendhoo , formerly one of the uninhabited islands of Alif Dhaal Atoll ( South Ari Atoll ) of the Maldives , has been developed into a 184 room 4 star plus resort , called Vilamendhoo Island Resort & Spa , managed by CCR ( Crown & Champa Resorts ) .
`` Nokor Reach '' ( Khmer : បទនគររាជ ; Royal Kingdom or Majestic Kingdom ) is the national anthem of the Kingdom of Cambodia .
Liffré ( Breton : Liverieg , Gallo : Lifrei ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Parc Hosingen ( Luxembourgish : Parc Housen ) is a commune in northern Luxembourg , in the canton of Clervaux .
Sójkowa ( sui̯ˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżowe , within Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
San Nicolás de la Villa is a church in Córdoba , Andalusia , southern Spain .
Gonars is a town and comune near Palmanova in the province of Udine , Friuli , northeastern Italy .
Winklespruit is a small seaside resort north of the mouth of the Illovo River in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
The White Range is a subrange of the Tagish Highland , located east of Windy Arm on the British Columbia - Yukon border in Canada .
Consultancy House is a historic building in The Exchange , in downtown Dunedin , New Zealand .
East West University ( EWU ) ( Bengali : ইস্টওয়েস্ট বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) is a private university in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Preški Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːʃki ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia .
Seogu Kids Library is a city library that is located in Seo - gu , Daegu , South Korea .
Świdnica ( Polish pronunciation : ( ' ɕfʲidʲˈɲit͡sa ) ; German : Schweidnitz ; Czech : Svídnice ) is a city in south - western Poland in the region of Silesia .
In particular , Dictamnus , a flowering plant in the family Rutaceae , is found on Mader Stein and Nenkel , although it is very rare in the rest of Germany .
Pác Bó is a small village in Cao Bằng province , Vietnam , 3 km from the Chinese border .
Bilozerske ( Ukrainian : Білозерське , Russian : Белозёрское ) is a city in Dobropillia municipality , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Holskardvatnet is a lake in the municipality Vik in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Meghrashen ( Armenian : Մեղրաշեն , also Romanized as Megrashen ; formerly , Kazanchi ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Stachlerkopf is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps , close to the towns of Steg and Malbun , with a height of 2,071 metres ( 6,795 ft ) .
The Order of Victory ( Russian : Орден `` Победa '' , Orden `` Pobeda '' ) was the highest military decoration awarded for World War II service in the Soviet Union , and one of the rarest orders in the world .
El Mochito mine is an underground zinc and silver mine in Honduras that is owned by Nyrstar .
The Hofmahdjoch is a mountain pass in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol , Italy .
Yangiyer ( Uzbek : Yangiyer / Янгиер ; Russian : Янгиер ) is a city ( 1991 pop . 29,600 ) in Sirdaryo Region , Eastern Uzbekistan .
Barki ( ˈbarki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Raichur Thermal Power Station ( RTPS ) is a coal - fired electric power station located in the Raichur district of the state of Karnataka , India .
Mont - Terrible was one of the 130 departments of Napoleonic France , with its capital at Porrentruy .
Lyndhurst Secondary College is a co - educational secondary school , located in Cranbourne North , Victoria , Australia , which is approximately 40 km south east of Melbourne .
Qawra ( Maltese : Il - Qawra , Maltese pronunciation : ( ʔawra ) ) is a zone within St. Paul 's Bay in the Northern Region , Malta .
The Copeland Tops State Conservation Area is a protected conservation area located near the Barrington Tops in the Hunter Region of New South Wales , Australia .
Straduny ( straˈdunɨ ) ( formerly German Stradaunen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pensiangan is a small town and also a parliamentary constituency in the state of Sabah in Malaysia .
Sugar Games is privately held developer based in Russia .
Dad Zari ( Persian : دادزري‎ , also Romanized as Dād Zarī ; also known as Dāz Darī ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Brunna is a locality and a suburb of Metropolitan Stockholm situated in Upplands - Bro Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden with 3,925 inhabitants in 2010 .
Gabtali Upazila ( Bengali : গাবতলী উপজেলা ) is an upazila of Bogra District in the Division of Rajshahi , Bangladesh .
Gundak - e Molla ( Persian : گوندك ملا‎ , also Romanized as Gūndak - e Mollā ; also known as Gondak - e Mollā and Gondūk - e Mollā ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Moses Mabhida Stadium is a stadium in Durban , South Africa , named after Moses Mabhida , a former General Secretary of the South African Communist Party .
The Rakaia Bridge is New Zealand 's longest road bridge and crosses the Rakaia River , one of Canterbury 's large braided rivers .
Shafir Regional Council ( Hebrew : מועצה אזורית שפיר‎ , Mo'atza Azorit Shafir ) is a regional council in the South District of Israel near the city of Kiryat Gat .
The Port Phillip Gazette was the second newspaper published in Melbourne , in the then Port Phillip District and what is now Victoria , Australia .
The Gare de Serqueux ( Serqueux station ) is a railway station located in the commune of Serqueux in the Seine - Maritime department , France .
Neyzar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نيزار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Almarestäket , or Stäket , is a strait at the inlet of Lake Mälaren in mid - east Sweden .
Urkkad is a small residential area in the gram panchayat of Koviloor , Vattavada , in Idukki district , Kerala , India .
Trewen ( Cornish : Trewynn ) is a hamlet and a civil parish in east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom The parish is just east of Bodmin Moor in the River Inny valley and lies in the Registration District of Launceston .
The Alishan National Scenic Area is a mountain resort and natural preserve located in the mountains of Chiayi County in Taiwan .
The Quixeramobim River is a river that runs through the state of Ceará in northeastern Brazil .
Kolonia Czaplino ( kɔˈlɔɲa t͡ʂaˈplinɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Altınhisar Dam ( Turkish : Altınhisar Barajı ) , aka Altunhisar Dam , is a dam in Niğde Province , Turkey , built between 1985 and 1988 .
Abadiño ( Basque : Abadiño ; Spanish : Abadiano ) is a town located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , in the north of Spain , about 35 km from the provincial capital of Bilbao .
Mitú is the capital city of the department of Vaupés in Colombia .
Libore is a rural commune in Niger comprising approximately 40 villages .
Mesa de Ocaña is a comarca in Castilla - La Mancha , Spain , in the province of Toledo .
The Judicial Arrondissement of Eupen ( German : Gerichtsbezirk Eupen ; French : Arrondissement judiciaire d'Eupen ; Dutch : Gerechtelijk arrondissement Eupen ) is a judicial arrondissement located in the Walloon Province of Liège , in Belgium .
Probolinggo Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Probolinggo ) is a regency in East Java province of Indonesia .
Songea Rural District is one of five districts in the Ruvuma Region of Tanzania .
Rossfjord Church ( Norwegian : Rossfjord kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county , Norway .
Lesiska ( lɛˈɕiska ) ( German : Reichwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Koum Formation is a geological formation in the Northern Province of Cameroon , western Africa .
The Interior Division is an administrative division of the state of Sabah in east Malaysia .
Jamal Kandi ( Persian : جمال كندي‎ , also Romanized as Jamāl Kandī ) is a village in Avajiq - e Shomali Rural District , Dashtaki District , Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Odisheim ( in High German , in Low Saxon Godshem ; literally in English : Wotan 's home or God 's home , respectively ) is a municipality in the district of Cuxhaven , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Sovietskyi ( Ukrainian : Совєтський ; Russian : Советский ; Crimean Tatar : İçki ) ( until 1944 , İçki ) is an urban - type settlement in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Ross Bay Cemetery is located at 1516 Fairfield Road in Victoria , British Columbia , on Vancouver Island , Canada .
Sokhta ( Georgian : სოხთა ; Ossetian : Сохтæ , Soxtæ ) is a settlement in the Dzau district of South Ossetia , a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed .
Narsarsuaq Airport ( Greenlandic : Mittarfik Narsarsuaq ) ( IATA : UAK , ICAO : BGBW ) is an airport located in Narsarsuaq , a settlement in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland .
Querini Island or Ostrov Kverini ( Russian : Остров Кверини ) is an island located in Franz Josef Land , Russia .
Krupki Raion is a second - level administrative subdivision ( raion ) of Minsk Voblast , Belarus .
Balatonboglár , in Hungary , is a resort town situated on the south shore of Lake Balaton .
Çankırı is the capital city of Çankırı Province , in Turkey , about 140 km ( 87 mi ) northeast of Ankara .
The Canton of Rennes - Nord is a former canton of France , in the Ille - et - Vilaine département , located in Rennes , Brittany .
Nowa Boćwinka ( ˈnɔva bɔt͡ɕˈfinka ) ( German : Neu Herandstal , until 1938 Neu Bodschwingken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Nuevo Berlín ( New Berlin ) is a town in the Río Negro Department of western Uruguay .
Garnisons Cemetery ( Danish : Garnisons Kirkegård ) is a cemetery in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Frontignan - la Peyrade ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɔ̃tiɲɑ̃ lapɛˈʁad ) ; Occitan : Frontinhan ) is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France .
The Ontario Municipal Board ( OMB ) is an independent administrative board , operated as an adjudicative tribunal , in the province of Ontario , Canada .
Hallendrup is a small village located northeast of Hadsten , Aarhus , Denmark , GPS coordinates are 56 ° 22 ' 0 `` North , 10 ° 7 ' 0 '' East .
Miskolctapolca or Miskolc - Tapolca ( formerly Görömböly - Tapolca , planned to be Tapolcafürdő after gaining independence from Miskolc , in colloquial speech known as Tapolca ) is a suburb of Miskolc , and is one of the most popular tourist towns of Hungary .
Teslić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Теслић ) is a town and municipality in north - central Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mashnaq ( Persian : مشنق‎ , also Romanized as Meshnaq ; also known as Eslāmābād - e Mashnaq , Meshnak , and Moshnegh ) is a village in Guney - ye Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Romont is a municipality and capital of the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Tanča Gora ( pronounced ( ˈtaːntʃa ˈɡɔːɾa ) ; German : Tanzberg ) is a settlement in the hills southwest of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Dhayet Bendhahoua ( Arabic : ضية بن ضحوة‎ ) ( also written Dayet Ben Dahoua ) is a town and commune , coextensive with Dhayet Bendhahoua District , in Ghardaïa Province , Algeria .
The Seinäjoki railway station ( Finnish : Seinäjoen rautatieasema ) is located in the centre of city of Seinäjoki , Finland , at Valtionkatu 1 .
Maharloo Lake ( Persian : دریاچه مهارلو‎ ) is a salt lake located 27 kilometres southeast of Shiraz , Iran .
Grabowo Wielkie ( ɡraˈbɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sangapi Airport ( IATA : SGK , ICAO : AYSK ) is an airport serving the village of Sangapi , between Jgapa and Atemble , in the Madang Province of Papua New Guinea .
Connemara National Park ( Irish : Páirc Naisiúnta Chonamara ) is one of six national parks in the Republic of Ireland that are managed by the National Parks and Wildlife Service of the Department of Arts , Heritage and the Gaeltacht .
Brezje nad Kamnikom ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzjɛ nat ˈkaːmnikɔm ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Balcarzowice ( ( balt͡saʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ; German : Balzarowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Phetchabun Airport ( Thai : ท่าอากาศยานเพชรบูรณ์ ) ( IATA : PHY , ICAO : VTPB ) is an airport serving Phetchabun , a province of northern Thailand .
The Konstanz Minster or Konstanz Cathedral ( German : Konstanzer Münster ) is a historical building in Konstanz , southern Germany , the proto - cathedral of the former Roman Catholic diocese of Konstanz ( dissolved in 1821 ) .
Toamasina ( toˈmasinə̥ ) , meaning `` like salt '' or `` salty '' , unofficially and in French also Tamatave , is the capital of the Atsinanana region on the east coast of Madagascar on the Indian Ocean .
Auhausen is a municipality in the Swabian district Donau - Ries in Bavaria in Germany .
The Herbularium du Morvan ( 500 m² ) , more formally known as the Herbularium du parc naturel régional du Morvan , is a botanical garden with arboretum located at the Maison du Parc in the Parc naturel régional du Morvan , Saint - Brisson , Nièvre , Burgundy , France .
The Paniyiri Greek Festival is held in May each year in Musgrave Park , Brisbane , Australia .
Stepen ( Serbian Cyrillic : Степен ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Buenos Aires Botanical Garden ( official name in Spanish : Jardín Botánico Carlos Thays de la Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires ) is a botanical garden located in the Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires in Argentina .
Ambodirano ( also known as Ambodirano - Andaingo ) is a small village in Madagascar .
Waabs ( Danish : Vabs or Vabenæs ) is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg - Eckernförde , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Hanatiyeh ( Persian : حنيطه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩanaţīyeh ; also known as Ḩanīţīyeh and Khanaţīyeh ) is a village in Qaleh Chenan Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mladé Buky ( German : Jungbuch ) is a market town and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
Senai International Airport , formerly known as Sultan Ismail International Airport ( IATA : JHB , ICAO : WMKJ ) ( Malay : Lapangan Terbang Antarabangsa Senai ; Jawi : لاڤڠن تربڠ انتارابڠسا سناي ) is an airport located in the town of Senai , Kulai District , Johor , Malaysia .
Sifnos ( Greek : Σίφνος ; the spelling Siphnos is obsolete in English but still by convention often used to refer to the island in ancient times ) is an island municipality in the Cyclades island group in Greece .
Tomb KV47 , located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt , was used for the burial of Pharaoh Siptah of the Nineteenth Dynasty , though Siptah 's mummy was found in KV35 .
The Allgemeiner Deutscher Fahrrad - Club ( ADFC ) ( General German Bicycle Club ) registered association is a traffic club for cyclists in Germany .
Smęgorzów ( smɛŋˈɡɔʐuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Binədərəsi ( Armenian : Բանաձոր Banadzor , Banazour , Banazur , Pnadzor , and Vanadzor ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan and Hadrut Province of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic .
The Porta Capena was a gate in the Servian Wall near the Caelian Hill , in Rome , Italy according to Roman tradition the sacred grove where Numa Pompilius and the nymph Egeria would meet .
Port Royal National Park is a proposed national park on the island Roatán in Honduras .
Biseulsan ( 비슬산 ) is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk - do , eastern South Korea .
Andalusia ( /ˌændəˈluːsiəˌ -ziəˌ -ʒⁱə/ ; Spanish : Andalucía ( andaluˈθi.a , -si.a ) ) is a south - western European region established as an autonomous community of the Kingdom of Spain .
Zuid Haffel ( South Haffel ) is a polder and village in the northwest of the Netherlands .
Gaeta ( Italian pronunciation : ( ɡaˈeːta ) ; Latin : Caieta , Ancient Greek : Καιέτα ) is a city and comune in the province of Latina , in Lazio , central Italy .
The House of the First Print Shop in the Americas ( Spanish : Casa de la Primera Imprenta de América ) at the corner of Moneda and Licenciado Primo Verdad streets in Mexico City was the home of the first printing press / print shop in the New World .
Gowarzewo ( ɡɔvaˈʐɛvɔ ) ( German : Ebenhausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
K'ipakhara ( Quechua k'ipa decomposed rests of plants in the field used as fertilizer , khara dung , hispanicized spelling Quepacara ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Äteritsiputeritsipuolilautatsijänkä is a bog region in Savukoski , Lapland in Finland .
Groß Pankow ( Prignitz ) is a municipality in Prignitz district , Brandenburg , Germany .
Khenifra ( Berber : Xnifṛa , ⵅⵏⵉⴼⵕⴰ , Arabic : خنيفرة‎ ) is a city in northern central Morocco , surrounded by the Atlas Mountains .
The Durrës Amphitheatre ( Albanian : Amfiteatri i Durrësit ) is a large Roman amphitheatre in the city of Durrës , Albania .
Dellmensingen Castle is an early Baroque castle in the Upper Swabian village of Dellmensingen , now part of the city of Erbach , in the state of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Podskalie ( Hungarian : Egyházasnádas ) is a municipality ( village ) in Slovakia in the Považská Bystrica District .
Bozavand ( also , Bozavend ) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
REN TV ( Russian : РЕН ТВ ) is one of the largest private federal TV channels in Russia .
Oleśnica ( ɔlɛɕˈɲit͡sa ) ( German : Oels or Öls ) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bà Chúa Xứ ( Chữ nôm : 主處聖母 , Chúa Xứ Thánh Mẫu , lit . `` Holy Mother of the Realm '' ) is a prosperity goddess of southern Vietnam 's Thanism .
Aripo Cave ( Aripo Main Cave ) is a cave in the Northern Range , in Trinidad and Tobago .
The Nakhon Si Thammarat Range ( Thai : ทิวเขานครศรีธรรมราช , Thio Khao Nakhon Si Thammarat , ( tʰiw kʰǎw náʔkʰɔːn sǐː tʰammarâːt ) ) is a mountain range on the Malay peninsula in southern Thailand , running in a north - south direction .
Solingen Hauptbahnhof is the only railway station in Solingen , Germany , to be served by ICE and IC long distance trains .
Paser Regency is a regency in East Kalimantan province in Indonesia , it is the southernmost regency of the East Kalimantan province .
Şemdinli ( Syriac : ܫܲܡ̱ܣܕܝܼܢ Shemsdin ; Kurdish : Şemzînan‎ ) is a district located in the Hakkari Province of southeastern Turkey .
Nandipur Power Project is a 425 MW ( with potential of 1,000 MW ) combined cycle thermal power plant situated at Nandipur near Gujranwala in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Wicklow Mountains National Park ( Irish : Páirc Náisiúnta Sléibhte Chill Mhantáin ) is a 204.8-square - kilometre ( 50,600-acre ) protected area in Ireland , one of six national parks in the country .
Kullahalvöns vingård is a vineyard located in Höganäs Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden and is run by winemaker Lillebror Fridh .
Hotel Mehran , is considered as a four - star hotel located at Main Shara - e - Faisal , Karachi , Pakistan .
The Guasú Front ( Spanish : Frente Guasú ; Guasú being the Guarani word for `` big '' , `` large '' or `` great '' ) is a left - wing electoral alliance in Paraguay for the general election in 2013 .
Dzorastan ( Armenian : Ձորաստան ; formerly , Khlatag and Akhtakhana ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Sławki Górne ( ˈswafki ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Yabus is a town in Blue Nile State in south - eastern Sudan near the borders with Ethiopia and South Sudan .
The 1904 Douliu earthquake ( Chinese : 1904年斗六地震 ; pinyin : 1904 nián Dǒuliù dìzhèn ) struck central Taiwan with a magnitude of 6.1 at 04:25 on November 6 .
Tyssestrengene falls are waterfalls east of the village of Tyssedal in the municipality of Odda , in Hordaland county , Norway .
Montserrat Airways Ltd ( MA LTD ) , trading as FlyMontserrat , is an airline with its headquarters at John A. Osborne Airport in Gerald 's , Montserrat , British West Indies .
The Delegate River Diversion Tunnel is a Victorian gold rush diversion tunnel on the Delegate River in east Gippsland , Victoria , Australia - approximately 70 km north - east of Orbost .
The I - Shou International School , a bilingual school , is located next to E - Da World and I - Shou University in Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Western Leone is a Western - style theme park in the province of Almeria , Andalusia ( Spain ) .
Burlaki ( burˈlaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kloostri ( German : Klosterhof ) is a village in Lihula Parish , Lääne County , in western Estonia .
The Fifth Battle of the Isonzo was fought from March 9 - -15 , 1916 between the armies of the Kingdom of Italy and those of Austria - Hungary .
Valtetsi ( Greek : Βαλτέτσι ) is a former municipality in Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Kazakh - British Technical University , or KBTU is a research and educational institution located in Almaty , Kazakhstan .
Oasis LRT Station ( PE6 ) is an LRT station on the Punggol LRT Line East Loop in Singapore .
Štramberk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʃtrambɛrk ) ; German : Stramberg ) is a small town in the Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic , next to Kopřivnice .
Tado ( formerly Ezame ) is a village in south east Togo , near the border with Benin .
The Boghra Irrigation Canal is a man - made canal some 155 kilometres long in central Afghanistan in Helmand Province , serving to divert water from the Helmand River and the Arghandab for farmland .
Aqa Mohammad Beyglu ( Persian : اقامحمدبيگلو‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Moḩammad Beyglū ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Shamshir Khaneh ( Persian : شمشيرخانه‎ , also Romanized as Shamshīr Khāneh ; also known as Shamshīr Khānī ) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Pekan Air Panas is a small town in Segamat District , Johor , Malaysia , which is named after the hot springs available there .
Kavir Kaj ( Persian : كويركاج‎ , also Romanized as Kavīr Kāj ; also known as Kavīr Kach and Kavīr Kūshk ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Telegate ( FWB : TGT ) is a communications company based in Martinsried , Germany , providing directory assistance services to callers in Germany , Spain , and Italy .
The Near Caves or the Caves of Saint Anthony(Ukrainian : Ближні печери , Blyzhni pechery ; Russian : Ближние пещеры , Blizhnie peschery ) are historic caves and a network of tunnels of the medieval cave monastery of Kiev Pechersk Lavra in Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Le Délit , also known as Le Délit français , is an independent francophone newspaper on the McGill University campus , in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Komödie i m Bayerischen Hof is a large private theater in the Hotel Bayerischer Hof , Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Fresnéu ( Spanish : Fresnedo ) is one of six parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Cabranes , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Hawara is an archaeological site of Ancient Egypt , south of the site of Crocodilopolis ( ' Arsinoe ' , also known as ' Medinet al - Faiyum ' ) at the entrance to the depression of the Fayyum oasis .
Lokhaniemi ( Lihaniemi before 1948 , Russian : полуостров Лоханиеми , Finnish : Lihaniemi ) is a peninsula along the eastern shore of the Bay of Vyborg ( in the Gulf of Finland of the Baltic Sea ) , at its narrowest point , between the Bay Tikhaya and Bay Medyanskaya .
Gargždelė is a village located 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) south - east of Salantai in Kretinga district municipality , Lithuania .
Polšina ( pronounced ( pɔu̯ˈʃiːna ) or ( ˈpoːu̯ʃina ) ) is a small settlement southeast of Trojane in central Slovenia .
Barqueiros became daily news in Portugal in the 1980s due to mass protests by the citizens of Barqueiros against the mining of Kaolin .
Samo ku waar ( `` Long Life with Peace '' ) is the national anthem of Somaliland , a self - declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia .
Gascones is a municipality of the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain .
Chub Bast ( Persian : چوب بست‎ , also Romanized as Chūb Bast ; also known as Chūbast ) is a village in Gatab - e Jonubi Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jbel Ayachi ( Arabic : جبل العياشي‎ ) is one of the highest mountains in North Africa , and anchors the Eastern High Atlas in central Morocco .
Wallaceville is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand .
Operation Martlet ( also known as Operation Dauntless ) was part of the series of Allied attacks to capture the town of Caen and environs from German forces in Normandy , France , during the Second World War .
The City Municipality of Maribor , also the City of Maribor ( Slovene : Mestna občina Maribor , acronym MOM ) is one of eleven city municipalities in Slovenia .
Bothaville is a maize farming town situated near the Vaal River in the Lejweleputswa DM of the Free State province , South Africa .
Sundbyberg Church is the main church of Sundbyberg , in Sweden , and is a part of the Church of Sweden .
Cham Khazam - e Do ( Persian : چم خزام دو‎ , also Romanized as Cham Khazām - e Do ; also known as Chamkharām - e Do and Chamkhazām ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kingirban ( also spelled Kingerban and Kingarban ) is a Kurdish village in the Kifri District of Diyala Governorate , Iraq .
Visperud is a neighborhood in Lørenskog , Norway , right on the border to Oslo .
Kasf ( Persian : كاسف‎ , also Romanized as Kāsf ) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District , in the Central District of Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Saint - Quentin Aerodrome ( TC LID : CDC4 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) northwest of Saint - Quentin , New Brunswick , Canada .
Spread in over 1.2 square kilometers , Gaur Yamuna City is developed by Gaursons India .
The Zeller Valley ( German : Zellertal ) is a valley in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany .
Ansonica Costa dell'Argentario is a dry Italian white wine from the region of Tuscany , Italy .
Afantou ( Greek : Αφάντου ) is a village and a former municipality on the island of Rhodes , in the Dodecanese , Greece .
Ardeuil - et - Montfauxelles is a French commune in the Ardennes department in the Champagne - Ardenne region of northern France .
Saint - Lambert - de - Lauzon Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CST7 ) , is located 1.8 nautical miles ( 3.3 km ; 2.1 mi ) southeast of Saint - Lambert - de - Lauzon , Quebec , Canada .
The Memorial of Rebirth ( Memorialul Renaşterii in Romanian ) is a memorial in Bucharest , Romania that commemorates the struggles and victims of the Romanian Revolution of 1989 , which overthrew Communism .
Kamshet is located in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra , India , 110 km from Mumbai City , and 45 km from Pune in Pune district .
Păsăreni ( Hungarian : Backamadaras , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈbɒtskɒmɒdɒrɒʃ ) ) is a commune in Mureş County , Romania composed of three villages :
Maarin ( Arabic : معرين‎ , also spelled Ma'arrin ) is a village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located west of Hama .
Fölsen is a small village in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany with about 200 inhabitants .
Kreis Jerwen ( Kreis Weissenstein , Järva kreis , Paide kreis , Йервенский уезд , Вейсенштейнский уезд ) was one of the four subdivisions of the Governorate of Estonia of the Russian Empire .
Banu Sahra ( Persian : بانوصحرا‎ , also Romanized as Bānū Şaḩrā ; also known as Bālsahra ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Freckleben is a former municipality in the district of Salzlandkreis , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Bembezi is a small settlement in Matabeleland North , Zimbabwe and is located about 43 km north - east of Bulawayo .
Somaqestan - e Sofla ( Persian : سماقستان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Somāqestān - e Soflá ) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
West Nalaut Island is an island in northern Palawan , in the Philippines .
Bani Dahman is a village in western central Yemen .
Zainsk ( Russian : Заи́нск ; Tatar Cyrillic : Зәй , Latin : Zäy ) is a town in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located on the Stepnoy Zay River ( Kama 's tributary ) , 287 kilometers ( 178 mi ) east of Kazan .
Nader Qeshlaqi ( Persian : نادرقشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Nāder Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Bandar Putra Kulai is a medium - sized mixed - development township , built by IOI Group from 2001 to present , in Kulai District , Johor , Malaysia .
The Grotta dello Smeraldo ( Italian for `` Emerald Grotto '' ) is a cave , partly inundated by the sea and located in Conca dei Marini , Italy , on the Amalfi Coast .
Nurulu ( also , Nuruly ) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Palodeia ( Greek : Παλόδεια ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 2 km south of Paramytha and 7 km north of the centre of Limassol .
Inwa or Ava ( Burmese : အင်းဝမြို့ ; MLCTS : ang : wa.mrui . , IPA : ( ʔɪ́ɴwa̰ mjo̰ ) or ( ʔəwa̰ mjo̰ ) ; also spelled Innwa ) , located in Mandalay Region , Burma ( Myanmar ) , is an ancient imperial capital of successive Burmese kingdoms from the 14th to 19th centuries .
Steyrermühl is a settlement in Upper Austria , Austria in the area of Laakirchen .
Czymanowo ( t͡ʂɨmaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mumeneh ( Persian : مومنه‎ , also Romanized as Mūmeneh ) is a village in Tarrah Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Seoul National Cemetery ( Hangul : 국립서울현충원 ; MR : Kungnip Sŏul Hyŏnch'ungwŏn ) is located in Dongjak - dong , Dongjak - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
Shtraklevo ( Bulgarian : Щръклево ) is a village in northern Bulgaria .
Krepeni ( Greek : Κρεπενή ) is a village in Greece near the lake of Kastoria .
The Alberta Pandas women 's ice hockey team represents the University of Alberta in the Canada West Universities Athletic Association of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport athletic association .
Mathihalli is a village about 100 kilometres from Bellary in Karnataka , India .
The Dobrinești River or Dobricionești River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania The river rises in the Izbucul Gălăşeni , located on the northern part of the Ciungilor Plateau of the Pădurea Craiului Mountains .
Ercsi is a town in central Hungary , located around 35 km south of Budapest in county Fejér .
Jalan Syed Abdullah Aziz or Malacca Coastal Highway , Federal Route 192 , is a coastal highway in Malacca City , Malacca , Malaysia .
Škrjančevo ( pronounced ( ʃkəˈɾjaːntʃɛʋɔ ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River south of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Cheekye is an unincorporated locality on the Cheakamus River just upstream from its confluence with its parent stream , the Squamish , and just north of Brackendale , British Columbia , which is part of the District of Squamish , British Columbia , Canada .
The Rikoti Pass ( Georgian : რიკოთის უღელტეხილი ) ( el . 996 metres or 3,268 feet ) is a mountain pass in the southern portion of the Likhi Range , a spur of the Greater Caucasus which divides Georgia into its western and eastern parts .
Almopia ( Greek : Αλμωπία ) , or Enotia , also known in the middle ages as Moglena ( Greek : Μογλενά , Macedonian : Меглен and Bulgarian : Мъглен ) , is a municipality and a former province ( επαρχία ) of the Pella regional unit in Macedonia , Greece .
The University of Palencia was founded by Alfonso VIII at the request of Bishop Tello Téllez de Meneses and was the first university of Spain .
Santiago de Chuco is a city in Peru , capital of Santiago de Chuco Province , La Libertad Region .
The main stop is the railway station , Riga Central Station , which operates all passenger trains within Latvia .
Evmoiro ( Greek : Εύμοιρο ) is a community in the municipality of Xanthi , northern Greece .
SC Schwanenstadt was an Austrian football club from Schwanenstadt , Upper Austria .
Al - Kilabiyah ( Arabic = الكلابية ) is a village in eastern Saudi Arabia in Al - Ahsa and one of the eastern villages .
TER Alsace is the regional rail network serving the région of Alsace , eastern France .
Estadio Municipal de San Miguel Petapa , or Estadio Julio Armando Cobar , is a multi - use stadium in San Miguel Petapa , Guatemala .
Coimbra Airport ( IATA : CBP , ICAO : LPCO ) , also known as Bissaya Barreto Aerodrome ( Portuguese : Aeródromo Municipal Bissaya Barreto ) , is an airport serving Coimbra , Portugal .
Lademoen Church ( Norwegian : Lademoen kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Sartelan ( Persian : سرتلان‎ , also Romanized as Sartelān ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kani Bagh ( Persian : كاني باغ‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Bāgh ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nianing is a city in Petite Côte , Senegal , south of Dakar , 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) from M'Bour .
Whipps Cross University Hospital is an NHS - run university hospital in Whipps Cross , Waltham Forest , London , United Kingdom which housed London 's first hyperbaric unit .
Masyaf ( Arabic : مصياف‎ Miṣyāf ) is a city in northwestern Syria , in the Hama Governorate .
Wiśnicze ( viɕˈnit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś , within Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Osweiler ( Luxembourgish : Uesweller ) is a small town in the commune of Rosport , in eastern Luxembourg .
Khan Mohammadlu ( Persian : خان محمدلو‎ , also Romanized as Khān Moḩammadlū ; also known as Khān Moḩammad ) is a village in Angut - e Sharqi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Aurlandsvangen is the administrative center of the municipality of Aurland in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Gorjuša ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾjuːʃa ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kirchheim or Kirchheim in Schwaben ( engl . Kirchheim in Swabia ) is a municipality and a market town in the district of Unterallgäu in the region of Swabia ( Schwaben ) in the south - west of Bavaria , Germany .
Jaldian ( Persian : جلديان‎ , also Romanized as Jaldīān , Jaldīyān , and Jaldeyān ; also known as Jildīān ) is a village in Lahijan - e Gharbi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Beica Airport is an airport in Beica ( or Begi ) , Ethiopia ( IATA : BEI , ICAO : HABE ) .
Baekje Military Museum is a public museum in Nonsan , South Korea elucidating the military history of the later Baekje kingdom .
Pedoulas ( Greek : Πεδουλάς ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located at an altitude of 1 100 m in the Troodos Mountains , 4 km south of Moutoullas .
Femundsmarka National Park ( Norwegian : Femundsmarka nasjonalpark ) is a national park in Norway .
Dirfys ( Greek : Δίρφυς ) is a former municipality in Euboea , Greece , named after Mount Dirfys .
Gandzakar ( Armenian : Գանձաքար , also Romanized as Gandzak’ar ; ) is a town in the Tavush province of Armenia .
Residency Towers Chennai is a four - star luxury hotel located at T. Nagar , Chennai , India .
The Frontier Region Tank ( often abbreviated as FR Tank ) is a small administrative unit in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) of Pakistan .
The Tacna Courthouse ( Casa Jurídica ) is located in the city of Tacna in Peru .
Lyaskovets ( Bulgarian : Лясковец ) is a town in central northern Bulgaria , located in Veliko Tarnovo Province , 10 km northeast of Veliko Tarnovo , 2 km southeast of Gorna Oryahovitsa and 5 km south of the Yantra River , north of the Balkan Mountains .
Nombre de Dios , Durango is a city and seat of the municipality of Nombre de Dios , in the state of Durango , north - western Mexico .
The Keppel Bay Bridge ( Chinese : 吉宝湾桥 , Malay : Jambatan Teluk Keppel ) is the longest cable - stayed bridge in Singapore , spanning 250 metres across the strait linking the private Keppel Island to mainland .
Jat Airways ( Serbian pronunciation : ( jât ) ) was the national flag carrier and largest airline of Serbia , and formerly Yugoslavia .
Os Pinos ( Galician pronunciation : ( os ˈpinos ) , `` The Pines '' ) is the official anthem of Galicia , in Spain .
Latina Cathedral ( Italian : Cattedrale di San Marco , Duomo di Latina ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , dedicated to Saint Mark , situated in the centre of the city of Latina , Lazio , Italy .
Waliso or Woliso ( also known as Ghion , which is also transliterated `` Giyon '' which was given by emperor Haile Selassie I and this name was no longer used after the fall of his regime as the town has the original name Waliso ) is a town and separate woreda in central Ethiopia .
Avaskär is a village , with chapel and cemetery , in Kristianopel parish in eastern Blekinge in Sweden .
The Battle of Alvøen was a sea battle of the Gunboat War between Denmark - Norway and the United Kingdom .
The Fondazione Querini Stampalia is a cultural institution in Venice , Italy , founded in 1869 at the behest of Conte Giovanni ( Count John ) , the last descendant of the Venetian Querini Stampalia family .
General Urquiza is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in north - eastern Argentina .
Mocho - Choshuenco ( Pronounced : /ˈmɒtʃoʊ tʃɒsˈwɛnkoʊ/ MO - choh CHOS - wen - KOH ) is a glacier covered compound stratovolcano in the Andes of Los Ríos Region , Chile .
In 2010 , The Waterfront Barrow - in - Furness ranked as the ninetieth most costly regeneration project in the United Kingdom by Regeneration & Renewal .
Tolombeh - ye Abbas Ghafrani ( Persian : تلمبه عباس غفراني‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye ʿAbbās Ghafrānī ) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Busha ( Ukrainian : Буша , Polish : Busza ) is a village on the junction of the Murafa and Bushanka Rivers in Yampilskyi Raion , Vinnytsia Oblast , Ukraine .
Haabersti is one of the 8 administrative districts ( Estonian : linnaosa ) of Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Cureña Forest Reserve is a Forest Reserve , part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area , in the northern part of Costa Rica about 80 miles ( 130 km ) north of San José , to the east of Boca Tapada .
The Black Watch Armoury is a Scottish baronial - style armoury in Montreal , completed in 1906 to house the 5th Regiment `` Royal Highlanders of Canada '' ( now the Black Watch ( Royal Highland Regiment ) of Canada ) .
Hinglaj ( Balochi : هنگلاج , Sindhi : هنگلاج‎ , Urdu : ﮨنگلاج‎ , Sanskrit : हिङ्ग्लाज , Hindi : हिंगलाज ) is an important Hindu pilgrimage place in Balochistan , Pakistan and Kuldevi of many Kshatriya , Charan and other Hindu Communities of India .
Klébergsskóli is an elementary school in Reykjavík , Iceland for pupils from the age of 6 until the age of 16 , when they finish their elementary studies .
Roje pri Čatežu ( pronounced ( ˈɾoːjɛ pɾi ˈtʃaːtɛʒu ) ) is a small settlement south of Čatež in the Municipality of Trebnje in Slovenia .
Selçuk University ( Turkish : Selçuk Üniversitesi ) is state - owned higher educational institution , which was founded 1975 in Konya , Turkey .
Owdak Duji ( Persian : اودك دوجي‎ , also Romanized as Owdak Dūjī ; also known as Dūjī Owdak ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Sitagroi ( Greek : Σιταγροί ) is a village and a former municipality in the Drama regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
Choeng Doi ( Thai : เชิงดอย ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Doi Saket District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Gislaved is a locality and the seat of Gislaved Municipality , Jönköping County , Sweden with 10,037 inhabitants in 2010 , out of a municipal total of nearly 30,000 .
Perche ( French pronunciation : ​(pɛʁʃ ) ) is a former province of northwestern France extending over the departments of Orne , Eure , Eure - et - Loir , Loir - et - Cher and Sarthe , which were created from Perche during the French Revolution .
The John Monash Scholarships are amongst the most important postgraduate scholarships currently available in Australia .
Clifton Hill Shot Tower is an 80-metre ( 263 ft ) tall shot tower on Clifton Hill in Melbourne , Australia .
Mooinooi is a platinum and palladium mining town in the North West province of South Africa , roughly halfway between Brits and Rustenburg .
Civia is the name for a class of electric multiple unit trains built by CAF and Siemens for the RENFE Cercanías commuter railway networks in Spain .
Kościerzyna ( kɔɕt͡ɕeˈʐɨna ) ( Kashubian / Pomeranian : Kòscérzëna , former German : Berent ) is a town in Kashubia in Gdańsk Pomerania region , northern Poland , with some 24,000 inhabitants .
Irakleides ( Greek : Ηρακλείδες ) is a former municipality on the island of Kos , in the Dodecanese , Greece .
Lushab - e Fariman ( Persian : لوشاب فريمان‎ , also Romanized as Lūshāb - e Farīmān ; also known as Lūshāb , Lūshāb - e Qalandarābād , and Lushal ) is a village in Fariman Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cheung Tsing Tunnel , also spelled Cheung Ching Tunnel , is a dual tube 3-lane tunnel on Tsing Yi Island , Hong Kong .
The A27 autoroute is a toll free autoroute in northern France , approximately 9.7 kilometres ( 6.0 mi ) long .
Łabiszyn ( waˈbʲiʂɨn ) ( German : Labischin / Lüderitz ) is a small town in Żnin County , in the Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland , with 4,403 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Zawidy ( zaˈvidɨ ) ( German Soweiden ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Jije Station is a subway station located in Pyeongtaek , South Korea .
Offinso , the once capital of Offinso District is a town in the Offinso Municipality in the Ashanti Region of Ghana - the town is about fifteen minutes drive from Kumasi , the capital of the Region ; due to Offinso 's proximity to Kumasi , many of the Offinso natives have relocated to Kumasi .
Ganyesa is a town of about 19,000 people in the North West province of South Africa .
German submarine U-233 was a Type XB U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was laid down on 15 August 1941 , launched on 8 May 1943 and commissioned on 22 September of the same year .
Jeziorzyce ( jɛʑɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Karytaina or Karitaina ( Greek : Καρύταινα or Καρίταινα ) is a village and a community in Arcadia , Greece .
The Kandadji Dam , when completed , will be a large multipurpose dam on the Niger River .
The Yawal Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the Yawal Tehsil of Jalgaon district of Maharashtra , India .
The Kasteelcross Zonnebeke is a cyclo - cross race held in Zonnebeke , Belgium every January .
The Lima Blanco Municipality is one of the nine municipalities ( municipios ) that make up the Venezuelan state of Cojedes and , according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , the municipality has a population of 9,454 .
Nowbijar ( Persian : نوبيجار‎ , also Romanized as Nowbījār ) is a village in Layalestan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ramat Raziel ( Hebrew : רָמַת רָזִיאֵל , lit . Raziel Heights ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Feffernitz is a sub - municipality of Paternion in the Villach district of the Carinthia in Austria , the site of a post World War II British sector displaced person camp .
Mindelo ( Cape Verdean Creole : Mindel '' ) is a port city in the northern part of the island of São Vicente in Cape Verde .
Rožaje ( Bosnian and Montenegrin : Rožaje , Рожаје , pronounced ( rɔ̂ʒajɛ ) ) , is a town in northeastern Montenegro .
Winston Churchill GO Station is a GO Transit bus station under construction in the community of Erin Mills in western Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Agios Panteleimonas ( Greek : Άγιος Παντελεήμωνας ) is a small coastal settlement in the community of Lechaina , Greece .
The Dampfzentrale ( `` steam center '' ) is a cultural centre and music venue and former fossil fuel power plant in Bern , Switzerland .
Terras do Desembargador was a football dirt field in Lisbon , Portugal .
Wat Aranyawiwake ( Thai script : วัดอรัญญวิเวก , RTGS : Wat Aranyawiwek ) , also known as Wat Ban Pong ( Thai script : วัดบ้านปง ) is a monastery ( `` Wat '' ) in the Thai Forest Tradition of the Theravada lineage of Buddhism located in Mae Taeng , Chiang Mai Province , northern Thailand .
The RBC Bronwen Wallace Award for Emerging Writers is a Canadian literary award , presented annually by the Writers ' Trust of Canada to a writer under 35 who has not yet published his or her first book .
Gleixhe is a hamlet in the municipality of Flémalle in the province of Liège , Belgium .
Baba Jani - ye Shah Morad ( Persian : باباجاني شاهمراد‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Jānī - ye Shāh Morād ; also known as Bābā Jānī ) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District , in the Central District of Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Harbax Singh Stadium is a sports stadium in Delhi , India , which hosts cricket matches , including part of the 1997 Women 's Cricket World Cup .
Estehkam ( Persian : استحكام‎ , also Romanized as Esteḩkām ; also known as Esteḩkām - e Jonūbī , Estekān , and Estīkān ) is a village in Takab Rural District , Shahdad District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Murtenica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Муртеница ) is a mountain in western Serbia , forming the southern part of Zlatibor highland .
Gazin Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گزين‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shah Heydar ( Persian : شاه حيدر‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Ḩeydar ) is a village in Minjavan - e Sharqi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ongniud Banner ( Mongolian : ᠣᠩᠨᠢᠭᠤᠳ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Oŋniɣud qosiɣu ; Chinese : 翁牛特旗 ; pinyin : Wēngniútè Qí ) is a banner of eastern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Putscheid ( Luxembourgish : Pëtscht ) is a commune and village in north - eastern Luxembourg .
Nyborg is a city in central Denmark , located in Nyborg Municipality on the island of Funen and with a population of 16,528 ( as of 1 January 2014 ) .
Altavilla Silentina is a town and comune located in the province of Salerno , Campania , some 100 km south of Naples , Italy .
The Skwah First Nation or Skwah Band is a band government of the Sto : lo people in the area of the City of Chilliwack , British Columbia , Canada .
Dalkarlsån is a river in Sweden located in Västerbotten .
Fyli ( Greek : Φυλή ) is a town and a municipality in the northwestern part of Attica , Greece .
Hlane Royal National Park is a park in Swaziland , roughly 67 km northeast of Manzini along the MR3 road .
The Val Viola Pass ( Italian : Passo di Val Viola , Romansh : Pass da Val Viola ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
Filotas ( Greek : Φιλώτας ) is a village and a former municipality in Florina regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
The Prague Metro ( Pražské metro ) is the rapid transit network of Prague , Czech Republic .
Kociuba ( kɔˈt͡ɕuba ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rachanie , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Tumbura , sometimes spelled Tambora or Tambura , is a town in South Sudan .
Oberschule am Elsengrund was a school in Mahlsdorf in Berlin , Germany .
Carnevale in Adelaide is an annual Italian festival held in Adelaide , South Australia which follows the centuries - old Christian tradition of Carnevale which is the last celebration before Ash Wednesday and the beginning of Lent - see Carnival .
Praroman is a locality in the canton of Fribourg , Switzerland .
Mokket ( Russian : Моккет ) is the rural locality ( a Station ) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Lake Sennitsa ( Russian : Сенница ) is a sweetwater lake in Nevelsky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia adjacent to the Belarus--
Seifhennersdorf ( Upper Sorbian : Zaruž , Lower Sorbian : Wodowe Hendrichecy ) is a town in the district Görlitz , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Chozas de Canales is a small farming village and municipality in the province of Toledo , part of the autonomous community of Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Campillos is a municipality and town in the province of Málaga , part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain .
Buyspoort Pass , ( also spelled Buispoort ) is a mountain pass located in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa on the National N9 road ( South Africa ) , between Uniondale and Willowmore .
Eshkanan Communication Station ( Persian : ارتباط پاسگاه اشكنان‎ -- Ārtebāţ Pāsgāh - e Eshkanān ) is a village and company town in Eshkanan Rural District , Eshkanan District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act , Juna Jashapar village is administrated by Sarpanch ( Head of Village ) who is elected representative of the village .
Laikipia County is one of the 47 counties of Kenya , located on the Equator in the former Rift Valley Province of the country .
Shaver Falls is an 11 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found on the Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area property in Ancaster , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Jigrashen Avetyats Church ( Armenian : Ջիգրաշեն Ավետյաց եկեղեցի ; Russian : Церковь Джиграшен св. Аветьяц ) was an Armenian Apostolic church in Tbilisi , Georgia .
Palmerston North Intermediate Normal School ( commonly known as PNINS - said PIN - INS ) is a state coeducational intermediate school for year seven and year eight , boys and girls located in the central area of Palmerston North , New Zealand .
Agen Cathedral ( French : Cathédrale Saint - Caprais d'Agen ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral built in the 12th century as a church , a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Agen , Lot - et - Garonne , Aquitaine , France .
Ersange ( Luxembourgish : Ierseng , German : Ersingen ) is a village in the commune of Waldbredimus , in south - eastern Luxembourg .
Gulf Air Flight 771 was a flight from Karachi , Pakistan to Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
Bodegas Vega Sicilia is a Spanish winery located in the Ribera del Duero Denominacion de Origen in Valladolid , Castilla y León ( North of Spain ) .
Rudlov ( Hungarian : Ércfalva ) is a village and obec ( municipality ) in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Stockholm International School ( SIS ) is an independent primary through secondary school in Stockholm , Sweden , organized around an international education modeled on the International Primary Curriculum and International Baccalaureate guidelines .
Hauts - de - Seine ( pronounced : ( o.də.sɛn ) ; literally `` Seine Heights '' ) is a department of France .
Heyshope Dam is a zoned earth - fill type dam located on the Assegaai River , Mpumalanga , South Africa .
Leirfjorden is a fjord in the municipalities of Leirfjord and Alstahaug in Nordland county , Norway .
The Bude Canal was a canal built to serve the hilly hinterland in the Devon and Cornwall border territory in the United Kingdom , chiefly to bring lime - bearing sand for agricultural fertiliser .
Winterthur Wülflingen railway station ( German : Bahnhof Winterthur Wülflingen ) is a railway station that serves Wülflingen , which is district number 6 in Winterthur , a city in the canton of Zurich , Switzerland .
Remunda is a village in the state of Orissa in India .
The Leti Islands of Indonesia are part of the Maluku Islands , in southwest Maluku Province .
The Tourelle de la Plate , also known as Petite Vieille ( Little Old Woman ) is a lighthouse in the dangerous strait Raz de Sein , off the northwest coast of France , belonging to the departement of Finistère in the region of Brittany .
Siddaganga Intercity Express is a daily train that runs between Dharwad and Bangalore in Karnataka , India .
Reksta is an island in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane country , Norway .
Mouten Kop is a Belgian beer , brewed in concession by Brewery De Graal in Lochristi , Belgium , for the Hopjutters .
North Labuhan Batu Regency is a regency of North Sumatra , Indonesia , created in 2007 by being carved out of the existing Labuhan Batu Regency , which in 2000 covered an area of 9,323 square kilometres and had a population of 840,382 according to the 2000 census .
Palham Koti ( Persian : پلهم كتي‎ , also Romanized as Palham Kotī ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Louhajang River ( Bengali : লৌহজং নদী ( lowɦɔdʒɔŋ nɔd̪i ) ) is located in central Bangladesh .
Greig Island is the largest and second southernmost island ( behind Loon Island ) in Ontario 's Mississippi Lake , Canada .
Los Guayos is a town in Carabobo State , Venezuela , Northwest of the Valencia Lake .
The Sennar Dam is a dam on the Blue Nile near the town of Sennar , Sudan .
Līksna Parish ( Latvian : Līksnas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils District , Latvia .
Rashnudeh ( Persian : رشنوده‎ , also Romanized as Rashnūdeh and Rashnūdī ; also known as Rashnū and Shanū ) is a village in Bazvand Rural District , Central District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
In Ukraine , villagers would pay attention to the lightning in the sky , hoping that on Ognyena Maria 's day , this will indicate that God will send rain for their crops .
The Barwon Sewer Aqueduct is a heritage - listed aqueduct across the Barwon River at Goat Island , Breakwater , Victoria , Australia .
Tung Burapha Stadium ( Thai : สนามกีฬาทุ่งบูรพา ) is a football stadium in Ubon Ratchathani , Thailand .
The Thalia Hall ( Romanian : Sala Thalia ) is a theatre and concert hall situated in Sibiu , Romania .
Yunesi ( Persian : يونسي‎ , also Romanized as Yūnosī and Yūnsi ) is a city in and the capital of Yunesi District , in Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Danish Defence Intelligence Service ( DDIS ) ( Danish : Forsvarets Efterretningstjeneste , short FE ( often but incorrectly : FET ) ) , is a Danish intelligence agency , responsible for Denmark 's foreign intelligence , as well as being the Danish military intelligence service .
Dam Ab - e Kashan ( Persian : دم اب كاشان‎ , also Romanized as Dam Āb - e Kāshān ; also known as Kāshān ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Heimkehle is one of two great gypsum caves in Germany that are accessible as show caves .
Vlčany ( Hungarian : Vágfarkasd ) is a village and municipality in Šaľa District , in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Bharhut ( Hindi : भरहुत ) is a village located in the Satna district of Madhya Pradesh , central India .
Čertovica ( Hungarian : Ördöglakodalma - hágó ) is a mountain pass in the Low Tatras mountain range in Slovakia .
Khi Solar One ( KSO ) is a solar power tower solar thermal power plant , located in the Northern Cape Region of South Africa .
Aktounta ( Greek : Ακτούντα ) is a village in the Rethymno regional unit in Crete , Greece .
Chah Keshavarzi Eslamabad ( Persian : چاه كشاورزي اسلام اباد‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Keshāvarzī Eslāmābād ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Chełmek ( ˈxɛu̯mɛk ) is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland .
Periamet Mosque is a mosque situated on Poonamallee High Road in Chennai , India .
Gradišča ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾaːdiʃtʃa ) ) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Drava River in the Municipality of Cirkulane in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia .
Grčarevec ( pronounced ( ɡəɾtʃaˈɾeːʋəts ) ; in older sources also Gerčarevec , German : Gartschareuz ) is a village between Planina and Kalce in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Irsee is a village and municipality in the district of Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany .
Bamatat ( definite Albanian form : Bamatati ) is a populated place in the Vlorë County of Albania .
Adam Mickiewicz High School in Poznań ( VIII Liceum Ogólnokształcące i m . Adama Mickiewicza w Poznaniu ) is a high school in Poznań , Poland founded by the priest and patriot Czesław Piotrowski in 1923 and named after the poet and patriot Adam Mickiewicz .
Chróstnik ( ˈxrustnik ) ( German : Brauchitschdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin , within Lubin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Deh Vali ( Persian : ده والي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Vālī ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gowienica Miedwiańska is a river of Poland , which flows into the lake Miedwie .
Travedona - Monate is a comune and small town near the eastern shore of the Lake Maggiore , in the province of Varese , northern Italy .
Tavşan Adası or Neandros Adası ( Tavşan Adası meaning``Rabbit Island '' ; Greek : Νέανδρος Neandros , the name of a mythological figure ) is the smallest of the Princes ' Islands in the Sea of Marmara , to the southeast of Istanbul , Turkey .
Gévaudan ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒevodɑ̃ ) ; Occitan : Gavaudan , Gevaudan ) is a historical area of France in Lozère département .
Stockholm County Museum ( Swedish : Stockholms läns museum ) is a museum located in Sickla , covering the history of Stockholm County in central - eastern Sweden except central Stockholm ( which is covered by the Stockholm City Museum and the Museum of Medieval Stockholm ) .
Minderoo Station , commonly referred to as Minderoo , is a pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but now operates as a cattle station in Western Australia .
Rajhenav ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːi̯xɛnau̯ ) ; German : Reichenau ) is an abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Bedfordview is an affluent town on the East Rand , which is situated in Gauteng , South Africa .
BC Virtus Werkendam is an amateur basketball club based in Werkendam , Netherlands .
Kapeh Kand ( Persian : كپه كند‎ ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Labrador Peninsula is a large peninsula in eastern Canada .
In 2011 , CareerBuilder acquired JobsCentral in Singapore and JobScout24 in Germany .
In Salah or Ain Salah ( Arabic : عين صالح‎ ) is an oasis town in central Algeria .
The Supreme People 's Assembly ( Chosongul : 최고 인민 회의 ) is the unicameral legislature of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) , commonly known as North Korea .
Franz Siegel Stadion , is an arena in Freiburg i m Breisgau , Germany .
The village forms part of the ' Butleigh and Baltonsborough ' Wards and electoral divisions of the United Kingdom .
Bandhi railway station ( Urdu : باندھی ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Bandhi village , Shaheed Benazir Abad district , Sindh province , Pakistan .
Marienberg Abbey ( German : Abtei Marienberg ; Italian : Abbazia Monte Maria ) is a Benedictine abbey in Mals , Vinschgau in South Tyrol , northern Italy .
Bongawan is a town in the West Coast Division of the state of Sabah in Malaysia .
Grande Meadows Golf Club is a public golf course located in Frenchman 's Cove , Newfoundland , Canada .
Yaeil Theological Seminary is a private graduate school located in Seocho - gu district , in the Capital city Seoul of South Korea .
Kolomenskoye ( Russian : Коло́менское ) is a former royal estate situated several kilometers to the southeast of the city center of Moscow , Russia , on the ancient road leading to the town of Kolomna ( hence the name ) .
Stampida is a racing , wooden roller coaster built by Custom Coasters International at PortAventura in Salou , Catalonia , Spain .
Klein River is a river in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
The Hutt Park Railway was a private railway in Petone at the southern end of the Hutt Valley in New Zealand 's North Island .
Tanjung Pandan ( Chinese : 丹绒香兰 , Jawi : تنجوڠ ڤندن ) , is the largest town on the island Belitung in the Indonesian province of Bangka - Belitung , Indonesia .
Largentière ( French : ( laʁ.ʒɑ̃.tjɛʁ ) ; L'Argentièira in Occitan ) is a commune and sub - prefecture of the Ardèche department in the Rhône - Alpes region in southern France .
Acuíferos Guácimo y Pococí Protected Zone is a Nature reserve , part of the Tortuguero Conservation Area , in the Limón Province of northeastern Costa Rica , which protects the recharge area of the Guácimo and Pococí rivers .
Ablesh ( Persian : ابلش‎ , also Romanized as Āblesh ; also known as Ābāsh ) is a village in Tashan - e Sharqi Rural District , Tashan District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Galite Islands ( Tunisian Arabic جالطة Jaziret Jalita Italian Isola della Caletta ) are a rocky group of islands of volcanic origin that belong to Bizerte Governorate , northern Tunisia .
Kosztowy ( German : Kostow ) is a quarter of the city of Mysłowice in the Silesian Voivodship of Poland .
Shahi Chat ( Persian : شاهي چات‎ , also Romanized as Shāhī Chāt ) is a village in Zarabad - e Sharqi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Čachtice ( pronounced ( t͡ʃaxtʲɪt͡se ) , Hungarian : Csejte ) is a village in Nové Mesto nad Váhom District in western Slovakia with a population of 4,010 ( as of 2014 ) .
Prague Castle ( Czech : Pražský hrad ) is a castle complex in Prague , Czech Republic , dating from the 9th century and the official residence of the President of the Czech Republic .
The Hsingneng Power Plant , Star Energy Power Plant or Changbin Power Plant ( Chinese : 星能電廠 ; pinyin : Xīngnéng Diànchǎng ) is a gas - fired power plant in Chang - Bin Industrial Park , Lukang Township , Changhua County , Taiwan .
The Association des Scouts et Guides du Sénégal ( SGdS , Scout and Guide Association of Senegal ) is one of Senegal 's Scouting and Guiding organizations .
Killingworth , formerly Killingworth Township , is a town north of Newcastle Upon Tyne , in North Tyneside , United Kingdom .
Les Charbonnières is a part of Le Lieu , a commune located in the La Vallée district of the canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Buechenegg Pass ( el . 786 m. ) is a mountain pass in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .
Robert Cecil Palmer Secondary School is a secondary school situated in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada which educates students in grades 8 - 12 .
Colégio Visconde de Porto Seguro ( often referred to as `` Porto Seguro '' or `` CVPS '' , formerly named `` Deutsche Schule '' ( German School ) ) is a private bilingual school located in the neighborhood of Morumbi , in São Paulo , Brazil .
Sidraž ( pronounced ( ˈsiːdɾaʃ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Fuentealbilla is a village and municipality in the province of Albacete , Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Vester , Nørre and Øster Farimagsgade ( lit . West , North and East Farimagsgade ) is a succession of streets which together connect the south - western Vesterbro to the northern Østerbro along the periphery of the city centre in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Zhapek batyr ( Kazakh : Жапек батыр ; formerly Dvenadtsatogo dekabrya ; literally : Twelfth of December ) is a village in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Greek National Road 5 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 5 , abbreviated as EO5 ) is a single carriageway road in western Greece .
The Produttori cooperative became one of the most respected cellars in Italy and inspired more landholders in Barbaresco to return to their vineyards and to make quality wine .
Dingle Bay ( Bá an Daingin in Irish ) is a bay located in County Kerry , western Ireland .
The Embassy of Russia in Copenhagen is the diplomatic mission of the Russian Federation to the Kingdom of Denmark .
Dikson Island ( Russian : Ди́ксон ) , initially Dickson , is the name of an island in Taymyrsky Dolgano - Nenetsky District ( Russian : Таймы́рский Долга́но-Не́нецкий райо́н ) , Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia , situated in the Kara Sea near the mouth of the Yenisei River .
Newton Food Centre ( 纽顿熟食中心 ) is a major food centre located in Newton , Singapore .
Cemitério Morada da Paz is a cemetery located in Natal , Brazil .
The Juan Barjola Museum of Painting is a museum located in Gijon , principality of Asturias , Spain .
Jalan Pagoh - Parit Sulong ( Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor , Malaysia .
Al - Salihiyah ( Arabic : الصالحية‎ ) is a municipality and a neighborhood of Damascus , Syria .
Artik ( Armenian : Արթիկ ) , is a town located in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Qaleh Hammam ( Persian : قلعه حمام‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Ḩammām ) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 86 , in 19 families .
The Varkaus railway station ( abbrev . Var ) is located in the town of Varkaus , Finland , in the province of Northern Savonia .
Žejane ( Istro - Romanian : Jeiăn ) is a village in the eastern part of mountainous Ćićarija area in Istria , Croatia .
Sylhet MAG Osmani Medical College ( SOMC ) ( Bengali : সিলেট এম . এ . জি ওসমানী মেডিকেল কলেজ ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh , established in 1962 .
Mościszki ( mɔɕˈt͡ɕiʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Watsomba is a shopping centre in the province of Manicaland , Zimbabwe located 42 km north of Mutare on the main Mutare - Nyanga road .
Stockland The Pines is a sub regional shopping centre located in the north - eastern suburb of Doncaster East in the city of Melbourne , Australia .
Marzelan - e Mohammad Morad ( Persian : مرزلان محمدمراد‎ , also Romanized as Marzelān - e Moḩammad Morād ; also known as Marzelān ) is a village in Dasht - e Hor Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Wadden Sea stretches from Den Helder in the Netherlands in the northwest , past the great river estuaries of Germany to its northern boundary at Skallingen north of Esbjerg in Denmark along a total length of some 500 km and a total area of about 10,000 km2 .
The Berzdorfer See or Lake Berzdorf is situated near the southern border of Görlitz in Saxony , Germany .
Keelsathambur is a village situated in Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu , India .
The Vyshnivets Palace ( Ukrainian : Вишнівецький палац ) or the Wiśniowiecki Palace ( Polish : Pałac Wiśniowieckich ) is located in the urban - type settlement of Vyshnivets ( near the city of Zbarazh ) in Ternopil Oblast of western Ukraine .
Col des Champs ( elevation 2,087 m ( 6,847 ft ) ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps at the border between the departments of Alpes - de - Haute - Provence and Alpes - Maritimes in France .
Cathal Brugha Street ( English pronunciation : /ˌkɒhəl ˈbruːə/ Irish : Sráid Chathal Brugha ) is a street on the northside of Dublin , Ireland .
Geumo Land ( Korean : 금오랜드 ) is an amusement park near the base of Geumo Mountain , near the city of Gumi , Gyeongsangbuk - do , South Korea .
The Kangnam Mountains are a mountain range of North Korea , in the central part of the country 's northern region .
Kaskin ( Persian : كاسكين‎ , also Romanized as Kāskīn ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Hemnes Church ( Norwegian : Hemnes kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county , Norway .
Banlakan ( Persian : بان لكان‎ , also Romanized as Bānlaḵān ) is a village in Zardalan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Franciscan Province of the Most Holy Redeemer ( Croatian : Franjevačka provincija Presvetog Otkupitelja , Latin : Provincia franciscana Sanctissimi Redemptoris ) is a province of the Order of the Friars Minor ( Franciscans ) of the Catholic Church based in Split , Croatia which is active in Dalmatia , Croatia .
Nyholm Central Guardhouse is a historic building at Holmen in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Yabroud District ( Arabic : منطقة يبرود , translit . : manṭiqat Yabrūd ) is a district of the Rif Dimashq Governorate in southern Syria .
The Bulkemsmolen ( English : Bulkem 's Mill ) is a former watermill located on the Bulkemstraat 43 in Bulkemsbroek , Simpelveld , Netherlands .
Krześnica ( kʂɛɕˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Wilkersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Riwoto is a community in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan .
Monte Cassino ( sometimes written Montecassino ) is a rocky hill about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) southeast of Rome , Italy , 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) to the west of the town of Cassino and 520 m ( 1,706.04 ft ) altitude .
Cacheu is a town in northwestern Guinea - Bissau , lying on the Cacheu River .
Haelen ( pronunciation ) is a town in the south - eastern Netherlands .
The Tell Atlas ( Arabic : الاطلس التلي‎ ) is a mountain chain over 1,500 km ( 932 mi ) in length , belonging to the Atlas mountain ranges in North Africa , stretching from Morocco , through Algeria to Tunisia .
Mondol Seima District ( Khmer : ស្រុកមណ្ឌលសីម៉ា ) is a district ( srok ) of Koh Kong Province , in south - western Cambodia .
The Saruwaged Range ( also Saruwared , Sarawaket or Sarawaget ) is a mountain range on the Huon Peninsula in Morobe Province , north - eastern Papua New Guinea .
The University of Gastronomic Sciences ( UNISG ) is an international academic institution in northern Italy .
Ratodero Taluka ( Sindhi : رتوديرو ‎ ) is a Tehsil of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , it is located some 28 km from the district capital Larkana .
The Wel ( vɛl ) ( German : Welle ) is a river in Poland .
Kuala Besut is a small fishing town in Besut District on the coast of Terengganu in Malaysia , situated in between Kota Bharu in Kelantan and Kuala Terengganu in Terengganu .
Nadgrad ( pronounced ( nadˈɡɾaːt ) or ( ˈnaːdɡɾat ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Golek pri Vinici ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːlək pɾi ˈʋiːnitsi ) ; German : Golek bei Weinitz ) is a settlement north of Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Udhampur railway station is situated in municipal committee of Udhampur , Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Khevsureti / Khevsuria ( Georgian : ხევსურეთი , a land of valleys ) is a historical - ethnographic region in eastern Georgia .
Bhadrak is a city and a municipality in Bhadrak district in the state of Odisha , India .
Dąbrowa nad Czarną ( dɔmˈbrɔva ˌnat ˈt͡ʂarnɔ̃ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sheberghan Airfield ( ICAO : OASG ) is located in the Jowzjan Province in the northwest part of Afghanistan .
Port of Varna ( Bulgarian : Пристанище Варна , Pristanishte Varna ) ( map ) is the largest seaport complex in Bulgaria .
Mirzəməmmədkənd ( also , Mirzə - məmmədkənd and Mirzamamedkend ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Malsfeld is a community in the Schwalm - Eder district in Hesse , Germany , on the river Fulda .
Nadi International Airport ( IATA : NAN , ICAO : NFFN ) is the main international airport for the Republic of Fiji as well as an important regional hub for the South Pacific islands , located by the coast on the western side of the main island Viti Levu .
Maharam 's Synagogue was a synagogue in Lublin , Poland , which was located on a no longer existing Jateczna 3 Street .
Beersheba Center Railway Station is an Israel Railways terminal in Beersheba .
The poorly built Dike Kokaral intended to contain the North Aral Sea and save its fisheries failed twice , but in 2005 the government of Kazakhstan was able to fund a more robust design .
Kapedo sub - county is a subdivision of Dodoth County in Kaabong District of northern Uganda .
Belanting is a village in northeastern Lombok , Indonesia .
Karmravan ( Armenian : Կարմրավան ; formerly , Kizilkilisa Armyanskaya ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
The Owingup Swamp and Boat Harbour Wetlands Important Bird Area is a 442 ha site comprising Owingup Swamp , and ten other , smaller , wetlands nearby , in the Great Southern region of south - western Australia .
Geeta Bhawan is a residential locality in the city Indore , Madhya Pradesh , India .
The FPS Information and Communication Technology ( Dutch : FOD Informatie- en Communicatietechnologie , French : SPF Technologie de l'Information et de la Communication , German : FÖD Informations und Kommunikationstechnologie ) or Fedict is a Federal Public Service of Belgium .
Étang Saint - Nicolas is an artificial lake in Angers , Maine - et - Loire , France .
Kakumäe ( Estonian for `` Owl Hill '' ) is a subdistrict ( Estonian : asum ) in the district of Haabersti , Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Ujazdów Park ( Polish : Park Ujazdowski ) is one of the most picturesque parks of Warsaw , Poland .
Corinth ( /ˈkɔːrɪnθ/ ; Greek : Κόρινθος , Kórinthos , pronounced ( ˈkorinθos ) ) is a city and former municipality in Corinthia , Peloponnese , Greece .
The Nightcap Range Important Bird Area is a 157 km2 fragmented tract of land containing several protected areas of rainforest in the Nightcap Range of north - eastern New South Wales , Australia .
Airag Lake ( Mongolian : Айраг нуур , Airag Nuur , lit . `` airag '' ) is a lake in western Mongolia in the Great Lakes Depression .
The Roman fish salting factory ( Spanish : Factoría romana de salazones ) was a salting factory established on the seafront of Algeciras , southeastern Spain by the Romans .
Kwadjokrom is a small town and is the capital of Sene District in the Brong - Ahafo Region of Eastern Region in south Ghana .
Gulshan - e - Sheraz ( Urdu : گلشن شیراز ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Aleksandër Xhuvani University , is an institution of higher education located in Elbasan , Albania .
The Hàn River ( Sông Hàn , or Hàn giang ; 汗江 ) is a river located in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam .
Samdrup Jongkhar ( Dzongkha:བསམ་གྲུབ་ལྗོངས་མཁར་ ) is a town and seat of Samdrup Jongkhar District in Bhutan .
Flowerpot Bay , also spelt Flower Pot Bay , is a small bay , some 250 m across , on the north coast of Pitt Island in the Chatham Islands group of New Zealand .
Almejuq - e Sofla ( Persian : المجوق سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Almejūq - e Soflá ; also known as Almejoq - e Pā’īn and Almejūq - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Musaabad Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Twarogi - Wypychy ( tfaˈrɔɡi vɨˈpɨxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Cathedral Provincial Park and Protected Area , usually known as Cathedral Provincial Park and also as Cathedral Park , is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada .
The American School of Asunción ( commonly known locally as ASA ) is an international school in Asunción , Paraguay founded in 1954 .
Sophie Amalienborg was a pleasure palace roughly located where Amalienborg stands today in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Helabad ( Persian : هل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Helābād ; also known as Gilyabad ) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Rauman maalaiskunta ( the rural municipality of Rauma , often abbreviated Rauman mlk ) is a former municipality of Finland .
The Association of Women for Action and Research ( AWARE ) is a non - governmental organization in Singapore concerned with promoting gender equality .
Uppland Runic Inscription 53 is a runestone built into a wall in the intersection between the thoroughfares Prästgatan and Kåkbrinken in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
The National Sports Council ( NSC ) is the national overseer of the control authorities of 41 different sports in Bangladesh .
Nadapal is a community in the north of Turkana County , Kenya near the border with the Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan .
Messancy ( German : Metzig , Luxembourgish : Miezeg , Walloon : Messanceye ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg .
Inis Cathaigh or Scattery Island is an island in the Shannon Estuary , Ireland .
The Norwegian Mining Museum ( Norwegian : Norsk Bergverksmuseum ) is located in Kongsberg , Buskerud , Norway .
Boffa is a town and sub - prefecture located on Guinea 's coast .
Machhegaun ( Sanskrit मच्छेगाऊं)is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Nicanor Garcia Street , historically known as Calle Reposo or Reposo Street , is a street running for several hundred meters north of Gil Puyat Avenue in Bel - Air Village , Makati , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Skidegate Channel is a strait in the Haida Gwaii archipelago of the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Baldoyle ( Irish : Baile Dúill ) is a coastal area in the northern part of Fingal , Ireland .
Ghagra Union is a place situated at the North - West side of Purbadhala Upazila in Bangladesh .
FC Espoo is a Finnish football ( soccer ) club based in the city of Espoo , Finland .
Łabunie ( waˈbuɲe ) is a village in Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Talbragar River , a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the Upper Hunter and Orana districts of New South Wales , Australia .
Tolombeh - ye Sadrabad ( Persian : تلمبه صدراباد‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Şadrābād ; also known as Şadrābād ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Barë ( Serbian : Баре/Bare ) is a village in the municipality of Mitrovica in the District of Mitrovica , Kosovo .
Kiwi FM ( formerly Channel Z ) was a New Zealand alternative music radio network .
Epsy Campbell Barr ( born 4 July 1963 in San José , Costa Rica ) is a Costa Rican politician and economist .
Silvio Fanti was born in Neuchâtel to Bolognese parents immigrated to Switzerland at the end of the 19th century .
Gopal Prasad Rimal ( or Nepali : गोपाल प्रसाद रिमाल ; Gopālprasād Rimāl , 1918 - -1973 ) was a poet from Kathmandu , Nepal .
Jillian Schwartz ( born September 19 , 1979 ) is an American - born pole vaulter who competes internationally for Israel .
Noeline Taurua is a former New Zealand international netball representative , who played in the Silver Ferns team that won a silver medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur .
Neil Hawgood ( born 12 July 1962 ) is a former Australian field hockey player who represented Australia at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Alex Bugnon ( born October 10 , 1958 ) is a jazz pianist and composer from Montreux , Switzerland .
Markko Märtin ( born 10 November 1975 in Tartu ) is a rally driver from Estonia , who competed in the World Rally Championship from 2000 until 2005 .
Vladimir Metikoš ( 7 July 1899 -- 1945 ) was a Croatian general in the then Independent State of Croatia ( NDH ) .
Rodrigo Fresán ( born 1963 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a fiction writer and journalist .
José Ramón Balaguer Cabrera ( born June 6 , 1932 in Oriente , Cuba ) was the Minister for Health in Cuba until July 2010 ..
Sheikh Mukhtar Mohamed Hussein ( Somali : Sheekh Mukhtaar Maxamed Xuseen , Arabic : الشيخ محمد حسين مختار‎‎ ; 1912 -- June 12 , 2012 ) was the speaker of the Somali parliament , and briefly an interim President of Somalia in 1969 .
Flávio José Galvão de França better known in Brazil as Flávio Galvão ( São Paulo , July 30 , 1949 ) is a Brazilian actor .
Arthur Szyk was born into a prosperous middle - class Jewish family in Łódź , in the part of Poland which was under Russian rule in the 19th century .
Jph Wacheski ( or Jeph ) is a musician and independent video game developer in Ottawa , Canada .
Basalawarmi ( died January 6 , 1382 ) , commonly known by his hereditary title , the Prince of Liang , was a descendant of Kublai Khan and a Yuan Dynasty loyalist who fought against the ascendant Ming Dynasty in China .
Maura Viceconte ( born 3 October 1967 in Susa , Piedmont ) is a retired long - distance runner from Italy , who represented her native country twice ( 1996 and 2000 ) at the Summer Olympics .
Adis Obad ( Bosnian , in Cyrillic : Адис Обад ; born 12 May 1971 ) is a retired Bosnian professional footballer who played for FK Velež Mostar , in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Liza Echeverría ( born on August 29 , 1972 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican actress and model .
João Roque ( born July 22 , 1971 ) is a former featherweight Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ( BJJ ) black belt World Champion and a retired Angola mixed martial artist .
Dolly Makambo Nawezi is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Jan Bruins ( 27 May 1940 in Deventer -- 16 April 1997 ) was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from the Netherlands .
Harendra Singh Malik is an Ex - Member of the Parliament of India representing Haryana in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Orawankara Neelakandhan Namboodiri ( 1857 - 1917 ) was a renowned scholar and poet from Kerala , South India .
Joanna Mucha ( born April 12 , 1976 ) is a Polish liberal politician , economist , former member of the Polish Sejm , academic teacher , doctor of economics and from 17 November 2011 to November 2012 Minister of Sport and Tourism of Poland in the government of Donald Tusk .
Ahmad Husayn Khudayir as - Samarrai ( born July 2 , 1941 ) was Prime Minister of Iraq from 1993 to 1994 , during the rule of President Saddam Hussein .
The life of Walter Bonatti has inspired entire generations of climbers , in Italy and worldwide .
David van der Kellen Jr. ( 1804 , Amsterdam -- 1879 , Utrecht ) , was a 19th - century engraver and medallist from the Northern Netherlands .
Alan Solomons ( born 31 July 1950 in Uitenhage , South Africa ) is a rugby union coach , currently the head coach at Edinburgh .
Agnieszka Ceglarek ( born 3 May 1988 in Poznań , Poland ) is a Polish track and field athlete and sprinter .
Maria Lähteenmäki is a researcher of history , Jutikkala Professor at the University of Eastern Finland and Docent of Finnish and Scandinavian history at the University of Helsinki .
Francisco Nicasio Jiménez worked in Trinidad , Las Villas , Cuba , in the early 19th century .
Dominik Schlumpf ( born March 3 , 1991 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for HC Lugano of Switzerland 's National League A.
Edward Ranjit Fernando ( born 22 February 1944 in Colombo , Sri Lanka ) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played three ODIs , all of which were during the 1975 Cricket World Cup during which he was the wicket - keeper and opening batsman .
Vongsak Swasdipanich ( Thai : วงศ์ศักดิ์ สวัสดิ์พาณิชย์ , born June 27 , 1951 in Roi Et ) was the Governor of the Ratchaburi Province , Thailand since 2005 .
Brent Wong ( born 1945 ) is a New Zealand surrealist painter and music composer .
Samir Khalil Samir ( born 10 January 1938 in Cairo , Egypt ) , is an Egyptian Jesuit priest , Islamic scholar , Semitologist , Orientalist , Syriacist and Catholic theologian .
Salim Joubran ( Arabic : سليم جبران‎ , Hebrew : סלים ג'ובראן‎ ; born 1947 ) is an Israeli Arab judge on the Supreme Court of Israel .
Sultan Ali Chaudhry is a Chairman , Board of Directors of Zarai Taraqiati Bank Limited and a former Pakistan government minister and advisor .
Alessandro Santin ( born 6 October 1958 in Venice , Italy ) was an Italian race car driver .
Mahmud I ( Ottoman Turkish : محمود اول‎ , Turkish : I. Mahmud , 2 August 1696 -- 13 December 1754 ) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1730 to 1754 .
In the winter in Europe of 2012 , Pablo Ledesma abandoned Calcio Catania to return to Argentina after three years and played in Boca Juniors .
Tone Åse ( born 24 February 1965 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer , known from Norwegian choirs and jazz scenes .
Sir Edward Manningham - Buller , 1st Baronet ( 19 July 1800 -- 22 September 1882 ) was a politician in the United Kingdom .
Bjæring was a legendary king or chieftain who is identified as the one who is buried in the Bjærum grave in Hægebostad , Agder , Norway .
Born in Garnich , Luxembourg , Elsy Jacobs was one of many children ; three of her brothers were also racing cyclists , Roger , Raymond and Edmond Jacobs ( who competed in the Tour de France ) .
There are also statues of Gregory of Nin in the cities of Nin , Croatia and Varaždin , Croatia .
Ōshima Takatō ( 大島 高任 , May 11 , 1826 - -March 29 , 1901 ) was a Japanese engineer who created the first reverberation blast furnace and first Western - style gun in Japan .
Nilkantha Upreti is the Chief Election Commissioner of Election Commission of Nepal .
Egon Schultz was born in Groß Jestin , Kolberg - Körlin county , Pomerania ( then in Germany , now Gościno , Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland ) .
Andrea Demirović ( Андреа Демировић ) ( born June 17 , 1985 , Titograd , Montenegro , SFR Yugoslavia ) , also known as simply Andrea , is a Montenegrin singer and a student of the Cetinje Music Academy - Music Pedagogy .
K. J. Baby ( born February 27 , 1954 ) is a writer , activist and film director from the Kerala state , South India .
Anuradha Sawhney was the ex- Chief Functionary and the head of Indian operations of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) , India .
Brás Garcia de Mascarenhas ( Avô , Oliveira do Hospital , Portugal , 3 February 1596 - Avô , Oliveira do Hospital , Portugal , 8 August 1656 ) was a Portuguese soldier , poet and writer , author of the poem Viriato Trágico .
Mother Francisca Josefa de la Concepción , O.S.C. , was a Criolla nun and mystic in the region of New Spain which later became Colombia .
Victor Celorio ( born July 27 , 1957 in Mexico City ) is an author , entrepreneur , inventor , and former union organizer .
Daniel Nitt was born in Pegnitz , Germany and currently resides in Berlin , Germany .
Richard Bok is a soccer coach from Singapore .
Shaun Stevenson ( born 14 November 1996 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as an outside back for Waikato in the ITM Cup .
Basava Premanand ( 17 February 1930 -- 4 October 2009 ) was a skeptic and rationalist from Kerala , India .
Coutoucou Hubert Maga ( August 1916 -- May 8 , 2000 ) was a politician from Dahomey ( now known as Benin ) .
Einar Hjörleifsson Kvaran ( 6 December 1859 in Vellanes , Iceland as Einar Hjörleifsson -- 21 May 1938 in Reykjavík ) was an Icelandic editor , novelist , poet , playwright and prominent spiritualist .
Hans Egede was born into the home of a civil servant in Harstad , Norway , nearly 150 miles north of the Arctic Circle .
András Törőcsik ( 1 May 1955 Budapest , Hungary ) is a former Hungarian football player of the 1970s and 1980s .
Hissène Habré ( Chadian Arabic : حسين حبري ( hiˈsɛn ˈhabre ) ; born 13 September 1942 ) , also spelled Hissen Habré , is a former Chadian dictator who was the leader of Chad from 1982 until he was deposed in 1990 .
Efraín Huerta ( June 18 , 1914 in Silao , Guanajuato -- February 3 , 1982 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican poet and journalist .
Martin Benkenstein ( born 30 June 1950 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) , is a former South African cricketer .
Akwasi Addai Odike 's profile on Ghana Web
Paul Biva was a distinguished member of National Horticultural Society of France from 1898 until his untimely death two years later .
Henriques Zowa ( born August 19 , 1981 ) is an Angolan - Dutch professional kickboxer and boxer , fighting out of Simson Gym in Almere , Netherlands .
Santeri Levas was born in Helsinki , Grand Duchy of Finland , in 1899 , to the family of Nicolai Lehmann and Hertta née Piispanen .
Pancho Prin ( born Francisco de Paula Prin Villegas in Cúa , Venezuela on April 2 , 1930 ) was a Venezuelan musician , singer , and composer .
Benjamin Lariche , ( born 16 June 1987 in Narbonne , France ) is a French professional racing driver currently driving in the FIA Formula Two Championship .
Siobhan Marshall is a New Zealand actress best known for her role as Pascalle West from the comedy / drama series Outrageous Fortune .
María José Uribe Durán ( known more commonly as Mariajo Uribe ; born 27 February 1990 ) is a professional golfer from Colombia , currently playing on the LPGA Tour .
When chaos broke out in China towards the end of the Han dynasty , Cao Ren rallied a militia of over 1,000 men and they wandered around the region near the Huai and Si rivers .
Lee Tamahori ( born 17 June 1950 ) is a New Zealand filmmaker best known for directing the 1994 film Once Were Warriors and the 2002 James Bond film Die Another Day .
Brigitta Callens ( born 28 September 1980 in Oudenaarde , East Flanders , Belgium ) was Miss Belgium 1999 and her country 's representative to Miss World 1999 .
The Gert Sibande district in Mpumalanga province of South Africa is named after him .
Muriel Baumeister ( born January 24 , 1972 in Salzburg , Austria ) is a German - Austrian film and television actress .
Mietek Grocher is a Polish Jewish author from Sweden and public speaker who survived the Holocaust .
Thomas Bo Larsen ( born 27 November 1963 ) is a Danish film actor , born in Gladsaxe , Denmark .
Winnifred Sarah Train ( 1904 - -1979 ) was a notable New Zealand army and civilian nurse , hospital matron , nurses '' association leader .
Shane Reed ( born 16 June 1973 in Palmerston North ) is an aquathlete and triathlete from New Zealand , who won three titles at the ITU Aquathlon World Championships .
Karl Hermann von Thile ( born December 19 , 1812 in Berlin , died December 26 , 1889 in Berlin ) was a German diplomat , and the first Foreign Secretary of Germany and head of the Foreign Office ( 21 March 1871 -- 30 September 1872 ) .
Ryan Cocker ( born 3 July 1992 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a tighthead prop for Taranaki in the ITM Cup .
Johannes Westö ( born 1 April 1991 , Finland ) is a Finnish footballer who last represented HJK Helsinki in the Veikkausliiga .
Pierre Vervloesem is a Belgian avant - garde guitar player and producer , and has been described as Belgium 's Frank Zappa .
Antoine Berjon ( 17 May 1754 -- 24 October 1843 ) was a French painter and designer , among the most important flower painters of 19th - century France .
Enga Margaret Washbourn ( 1908 - -1988 ) was a notable New Zealand artist and writer .
Sabien Lilaj ( born 10 February 1989 in Maliq , Korçë County ) is an Albanian footballer who plays for Skënderbeu Korçë in Albanian Superliga as well as the Albania national team .
Peter Tonti was a Belizean tourism pioneer who died on April 16 , 2015 at his home in San Ignacio Town Belize .
Goh Soo Khim ( simplified Chinese : 吴素琴 ; traditional Chinese : 吳素琴 ; pinyin : Wú Sùqín ) is a Singaporean ballerina and a highly respected doyen in Singapore 's dance scene .
David Bergeaud ( born 1968 in Paris , France ) also known as `` KOR '' , is a film , television , and video game composer , as well as a record producer and multi instrumentalist .
Gert Wiescher ( born July 26 , 1944 in Braunsbach am Kocher / Germany ) is a German graphic artist , type designer and author .
Ferdo Rusan was son of an officer , born in small village Pavlin Kloštar near the town of Bjelovar in Croatia on 10 December 1810 .
John Minto ( born c. 1953 ) is a New Zealand - based political activist known for his involvement in various left - wing groups and causes , most notably Halt All Racist Tours .
Tekla Chemabwai ( born July 3 , 1950 in Mosombor ) is retired sprinter and middle - distance runner from Kenya .
Raúl Damiani ( born April 29 , 1979 in Roldán , Santa Fe , Argentina ) is an Argentine football defender currently playing for Instituto of the Primera B Nacional in Argentina .
Livia Tirone ( born 1961 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese architect , promoter , writer and consultant devoted to pioneering and mainstreaming sustainable construction and urban resilience in Portugal .
Thrissur C. Rajendran is a noted Carnatic Violinist from Kerala , India .
Donald Cameron Sr . ( 16 September 1869 -- 29 January 1936 ) was a farmer , engineer and a provincial politician from Alberta , Canada .
William Perrett Mead ( 7 December 1889 -- 5 August 1980 ) was a New Zealand engineer , skier , tramper , ranger and writer .
Born in Madras , India ( now Chennai , India ) in 1724 , Dawsonne Drake was the second son of George Drake ( 4 December 1696 - 1741 ) , a native of Buckland and descendant of Sir Francis Drake , and his wife , Sophia Bugden .
Louis - Toussaint Milandre ( floruit ca . 1756 -- ca . 1776 ) was a French composer , violinist , viol and viola d'amore player in the court chamber music of Louis XV of France .
Vianey Vázquez Ramírez ( born April 25 , 1994 ) is a Mexican beauty pageant titleholder who won the title Nuestra Belleza Interncional México 2014 and represented Mexico at the Miss International 2014 pageant .
Mpitsa Marai ( born 4 February 1980 ) is a retired Mosotho footballer who currently works as an assistant coach for Lesotho Prison Service .
Phares Kashemeza Kabuye was a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania .
Bogdan Wołkowski ( born 1957 in Jaworzno , Poland ) , nicknamed `` The Wizard '' , is a Polish professional billiards trick - shot artist and entertainer , who has won many World Trick Shot Championships .
The final match of the 2012 World Deaf Football Championships played between the Russian and the American women 's teams in Ankara , Turkey on July 18 , 2012 , was supervised by Kadriye Gökçek .
Amara Essy ( born 20 December 1944 ) is a diplomat from Ivory Coast .
John Psathas , ONZM ( born 1966 ) is a New Zealand composer , son of Greek immigrant parents .
Irving Berry ( born 11 January 1986 in Panama City , Panama ) is a featherweight boxer from Panama and is the second ranked featherweight for the WBA championship .
Louis Antoine Debrauz de Saldapenna was born 2 June 1811 as Alois Anton Dobrauz ( Slovene : Alojz Dobravec ) as the son of the trader Luca Dobrauz and his wife Marie in Trieste , in the former empire of Austria - Hungary ( now Italy ) .
Elena Burke ( born Romana Elena Burgues Gonzalez on February 28 , 1928 in Havana , Cuba -- June 9 , 2002 in Havana , Cuba ) was a revered and popular Cuban singer of boleros and romantic ballads .
Pedro Julio Sánchez ( born 8 April 1940 ) is a retired Colombian road racing cyclist who won the 1968 Vuelta a Colombia .
Brice Lalonde ( born 10 February 1946 ) is a former green party leader in France , who ran for President of France in the Presidential elections , 1981 .
Ankita Shorey ( born 3 October 1989 ) is an Indian model who was crowned Femina Miss India International 2011 .
Consuelo Ynares - Santiago ( born October 5 , 1939 ) is a former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines .
Sigurbjörn Einarsson ( 30 June 1911 -- 28 August 2008 ) was an Icelandic clergyman and doctor of theology who served as the Bishop of Iceland ( head of the Lutheran Church of Iceland ) 1959 - -1981 .
Volf Roitman ( 30 December 1930 in Montevideo , Uruguay -- 25 April 2010 ) was a painter , sculptor and architect , sometimes referred to as a Renaissance Man , the son of Russian / Romanian parents .
Abderrahmane Benkhalfa ( Arabic : عبد الرحمان بن خالفة , born 2 July 1949 in Tiaret , Algeria ) is an Algerian financial expert .
Ben Ely ( born 13 September 1970 ) is an Australian musician and artist best known for his work with Brisbane indie / alternative rock band Regurgitator , a multi - ARIA Music Award winning group which formed in Brisbane , Australia in December 1993 .
Luciano Gaucci ( born December 28 , 1938 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian entrepreneur and sportsman .
José Cid ( born José Albano Cid de Ferreira Tavares on February 4 , 1942 in Chamusca , Portugal ) is a Portuguese singer and composer .
Troy Harley , earlier known as Roman Arkhipov , was born in Nizhny Novgorod , in Russia .
Maxwell Bury ( 28 July 1825 -- 9 September 1912 ) was an English - born architect who was active in New Zealand in the 19th century .
`` Hortensia Fussy continues a development of visual arts in Austria , which starts with Gustav Klimt and Egon Schiele and has been continued by artists such as the painter Herbert Boeckl and the sculptor Josef Pillhofer .
Joseph Kokou Koffigoh ( born 1948 ) is a Togolese politician , human rights activist , and a poet who served as Prime Minister of Togo from 27 August 1991 to 25 April 1994 .
Hakan Utangaç ( born 1965 in Istanbul ) is the guitarist of heavy metal band Mezarkabul ( known as Pentagram in Turkey ) .
Samuel James Clark ( born 18 October 1987 ) , known simply as Sam Clark , is an Australian actor , singer - songwriter from Adelaide , South Australia , best known for his role as Ringo Brown on the Australian soap opera , Neighbours .
John Fifita is a Tongan former rugby league player who represented his country in the 1986 Pacific Cup and played professionally in England and Australia .
Ángel Lulio Cabrera ( born 19 October 1908 in Madrid , Spain -- died 8 July 1999 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was an Argentinian botanist .
Fujiwara no Shimeko ( 1131 - -1176 ) was an Empress consort of Japan .
Angela Bulloch ( born 1966 , in Rainy River , Ontario , Canada ) , is an artist who often works with sound and installation ; she is recognised as one of the Young British Artists .
James Fagan ( born 1972 ) is a folk musician from Sydney , Australia .
Bhavina Hasmukhbhai Patel ( Hindi : भाविना हसमुखभाई पटेल,Gujarati : ભાવિના હસમુખભાઈ પટેલ ) is a Para table tennis player from India .
Masahiro Miyazaki ( 宮崎 正裕 - Miyazaki Masahiro , born 1963 ) is a Japanese Kendo player who works for Kanagawa Prefectural Police in Japan .
China Keitetsi was born in 1976 in the west of Uganda .
Vidhya Yadav is a cricket administrator from India .
Zé Luís made his debut for Cape Verde on 24 May 2010 , playing one minute in a friendly in Covilhã with Portugal , which was preparing for the FIFA World Cup in South Africa .
Henry Gesner Pineo , Jr. ( March 6 , 1830 -- May 12 , 1874 ) was a political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Thorsteinn Thorgeirsson ( born September 17 , 1955 in Reykjavík , Iceland ) is an Icelandic economist who has primarily worked in government and international organisations .
Sev Lewkowicz ( born 15 February 1951 , London , England ) is a musical composer , producer , arranger and keyboard player based in the United Kingdom .
Maryna Kyiko ( born 7 January 1987 ) is a trampoline gymnast from Ukraine .
José Miguel Carrera Verdugo ( October 15 , 1785 -- September 4 , 1821 ) was a Chilean general , member of the prominent Carrera family , and considered one of the founders of independent Chile .
Miura Chora ( 23 May 1729 -- 4 September 1780 ) was a Japanese poet raised in Ise , in the Mie Prefecture of Shima Province on the island of Honshu , Japan .
Liu Bei ( Mandarin pronunciation : ( lju peɪ ) ; 161 -- 10 June 223 ) , courtesy name Xuande , was a warlord in the late Eastern Han dynasty who founded the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period and became its first ruler .
Katrín Jakobsdóttir ( pronounced ( ˈkʰaːtʰrin ˈjaːkʰɔpstouhtɪr ) ) ( born 1 February 1976 ) is an Icelandic politician and a member of the Althing ( Iceland 's parliament ) for the Reykjavík North constituency since 2007 .
Del B was born in Kano State , Northern Nigeria to parents who are natives of Kwale .
Anjana Seth is one of the famous fashion designer from New Delhi , India .
Erik Tammer ( born June 29 , 1969 in Utrecht ) is a former professional Association football striker from the Netherlands .
Kléber Dadjo ( 1914 - -1988 or 1989 ) served as Interim President of Togo in his role as Chairman of the National Reconciliation Committee from 14 January 1967 to 14 April 1967 following the overthrow of President Nicolas Grunitzky 's government .
Anna Bocson ( née Wojtaszek , divorced Pazera ; born 25 November 1936 ) is a Poland - born Australian retired athlete who specialised in the javelin throw .
Edgar Breau is a musician in Ontario , Canada .
Khaqan Haider Ghazi ( Urdu : خاقان حیدر غازی ) ( born December 28 , 1965 ) is a Punjabi poet and working in FM95 Pakistan , Punjab Rung program Nena De Akhay Lagay .
Joachim Maier ( born 5 May 1955 ) is Director at the Max Planck Institute for Solid State Research in Stuttgart ( Germany ) and heads the department of Physical Chemistry .
Francisco García Salinas ( 20 November 1786 - 2 December 1841 ) , known as `` Tata Pachito '' was born in Jerez , Zacatecas , Mexico .
Oleg Zherebtsov ( born 21 May 1968 ) is a Russian businessman , founder of hypermarkets `` Lenta '' and `` Norma '' , the world sailing champion in 2011 at 12 meters class , the founder of the Association SB20 in Russia , and General Director of the Pharmaceutical Company Solopharm .
A recent book by Elizabeth Reid , The Singular Journey of O'Hea 's Cross , poses the theory that Timothy O'Hea in fact died in Ireland , shortly after his discharge from the British Army in 1868 .
François Delecour ( born 30 August 1962 in Hazebrouck , France ) is a rally driver .
Vicki - Lee Walberg ( born 11 October 1975 ) is a model who was Miss United Kingdom in 1997 , and made the top 10 at the Miss World 1997 pageant .
Phao Sriyanond ( Thai : เผ่า ศรียานนท์ , rtgs : Phao Siyanon , March 1 , 1910 - November 21 , 1960 ) was a director general of Thailand 's national police who was notorious for his excesses against political opponents .
Martín de Valencia was born in Valencia de Don Juan , in the bishopric of Oviedo , Spain , ca .
Roberto Carlos Leyva Cortez ( born October 27 , 1979 in Puerto Peñasco , Sonora , Mexico ) is a Mexican boxer in the Bantamweight division .
Susan McCullough is a professor at the Lamont School of Music , University of Denver , in the United States of America , and a respected and experienced French horn recitalist .
Alana Dante ( real name Christel Hoogewijs , born 1 December 1969 ) is a Belgium - born singer .
Anand Gandhi ( आनंद गांधी ) ( born Anand Modi ; 26 September 1980 in Mumbai , India ) is a filmmaker and a media producer based in Mumbai most known for his debut feature film Ship of Theseus , which won the National Film Award for Best Picture .
Before her death Galina Brezhneva had been a guest on British television to talk about life in the Soviet Union .
Tina Paulino ( Argentina da Gloria Paulino ; born 7 July 1973 ) is an 800 metres runner from Mozambique .
Kyaw Khing Win ( born 23 December 1983 ) is a footballer from Myanmar .
Raymond Anne is entombed at the Mémorial de la France combattante at Mont - Valérien , where he represents the FFI .
Tegbessou ( alternatively Tegbesu ) or Bossa Ahadee was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey , in present - day Benin , from 1740 until 1774 .
Eleftherios Kosmidis ( born 6 May 1991 ) in Greece is an international elite artistic gymnast and a former world champion on Men 's Floor Exercise .
Oton Gliha ( 1914 - -1999 ) was a Croatian artist , born in Slovenia .
Chief Dr. Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu ( born September 4 , 1942 ) is a Nigerian politician , statesman and renowned businessman , considered one of the richest men in Nigeria .
Jens Scheer ( 30 May 1935 -- 18 July 1994 ) , was a physicist , professor of nuclear physics at the University of Bremen and one of Germany 's best - known anti - nuclear activists .
Albert A. Brown ( born July 29 , 1895 in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , died June 19 , 1971 ) was a Canadian politician , barrister , lawyer and professional Canadian football player .
Purnawarman or Purnavarman is the 5th century king of Tarumanagara , a Hindu Indianized kingdom , located in modern - day West Java , Jakarta and Banten provinces , Indonesia .
Aaron ben Samuel was a Hebrew author ; born about 1620 ; flourished in Germany during the latter half of the seventeenth century .
Lys Assia ( born Rosa Mina Schärer ; 3 March 1924 , in Rapperswil , Aargau , Switzerland ) is a Swiss singer who won the first Eurovision Song Contest in 1956 .
Tatamkhulu Afrika was born Mogamed Fu'ad Nasif in Egypt to an Egyptian father and a Turkish mother , and came to South Africa as a very young child .
Enrico Bertaggia ( born September 19 , 1964 in Noale , Venice ) is a former racing driver from Italy .
Marcel Dadi immigrated to Eilat ( Israel ) on the Red Sea , in 1983 , and lived there with his wife and newborn son for several years before moving back to France .
Abdeljalil El Hajji ( Arabic : عبد الجليل ش حجي‎ ; born 28 June 1969 in Rabat , Morocco ) is a retired Moroccan footballer .
John Wesley Weldon ( ca 1809 -- 1885 ) was a lawyer , judge and political figure in the Province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Epifanio Comis ( born August 4 , 1968 in Catania , Italy ) is an Italian concert pianist and conductor .
Mary Boyoi , singer , human rights activist and philanthropist , is from the Murle tribe of South Sudan .
Alisa Kajornchaiyakul ( Thai : อลิสา ขจรไชยกุล ) ( born October 18 , 1965 in Chonburi , Thailand ) was Thailand 's representatives at Miss World 1982 in the United Kingdom .
Southern India Cinematographers ' Association - SICA Awaard 2015 - Nandini Srikar won the best female singer of the year award for her song `` Harjaiyaan '' from the film Queen .
Jani Minga ( 1872 - 1947 ) was a patriot Albanian teacher and a notable follower of the National Renaissance of Albania .
Axel Wieandt was born in Bochum ( Germany ) as the son of Paul Wieandt , who later became a well known German banker .
Akın Birdal ( born 2 January 1948 , Niğde , Niğde Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish human rights activist and politician .
Stephan , Prince of Lippe ( Stephan Leopold Justus Richard ) was born on 24 May 1959 in Detmold , Germany .
Dimitrios Priftis ( alternate spelling : Dimitris ) ( Greek : Δημήτρης Πρίφτης ; born October 27 , 1968 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek professional basketball coach .
Johann Baptist Babel ( 25 June 1716 -- 9 February 1799 ) was the preeminent sculptor of Baroque era Switzerland .
Tame Parata ( c.1837 -- 6 March 1917 ) , also known as Thomas Pratt , was a Māori and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand .
François Bellet ( November 2 , 1750 -- February 19 , 1827 ) was a ship 's captain , merchant and political figure in Lower Canada .
Trygve Allister Diesen ( Trig Diesen ) ( born 11 July 1967 in Norway ) is a TV and film director , producer and screenwriter .
Lynda Keane began her career as a child actor in London , performing professionally since she was 15 months old , before her family emigrated to Australia when she was ten .
Idan Alterman ( Hebrew : עידן אלתרמן‎ ; born in Haifa , Israel on October 3 , 1971 ) is an Israel television , film and theatre actor .
Emmanuel John Chukuwuemeka Nwodo , known more commonly as Emmanuel Nwodo ( born 19 March 1974 in Enugu , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian professional boxer who fights in the cruiserweight division .
Jessie Ann Scott ( 1883 - -1959 ) was a notable New Zealand doctor , medical officer and prisoner of war .
Burkhard Beins ( born 1964 in Lower Saxony , West Germany ) is a German composer / performer who works with percussion , selected objects and electronics .
Mohammed Nuru Dini ( born 15 October 1987 ) is a Ghanaian football player who played for Liberty Professionals in the Ghana Premier League in the 2006 - -07 season .
Roger Sarty ( born 27 September 1952 in Halifax , Nova Scotia ) is among Canada 's leading historians , specializing in the history of Canada 's Navy and coastal defence .
Dieter Schidor was born on 6 March 1948 in Bienrode , today a part of Braunschweig , Germany .
Lajos Blau ( German : Ludwig Blau ; April 29 , 1861 -- 1936 ) was a Hungarian scholar and publicist born at Putnok , Hungary .
Elif Deniz was called for the Turkey girls ' U-17 national team , and debuted in the 2009 UEFA Women 's U-17 Championship qualifying round match against the Irish girls on October 18 , 2008 .
Abu Yaqub Yusuf an - Nasr ( أَبُو يُوسُف يَعقُوب الناصر abū yūsuf ya`qūb an - nāṣr ) ( died 13 May 1307 ) was a Marinid ruler of Morocco .
Garret Crossman , born 7 December 1982 in Orange , New South Wales , Australia is an Australian rugby league player .
Sir Frederick Shaw , 3rd Baronet ( 11 December 1799 -- 30 June 1876 ) was an Irish Conservative MP in the United Kingdom Parliament .
Riaan Manser ( born 1973 ) is a pioneering explorer , based in South Africa .
Marina Matrossova ( born July 2 , 1990 ) is a cross country skier from Kazakhstan who has competed since 2008 .
Andriy Matviyevych Bobyr ( 13/12/1915 - 18/5/1994 ) , People 's Artist of Ukraine ( 1986 ) .
David Cazès ( born 1851 , Tétouan , Morocco ) was a Moroccan Jewish educator and writer .
Loke Wan Tho ( Chinese : 陆运涛 ; pinyin : Lù Yùntāo ; 1915 - -1964 ) , born in Kuala Lumpur ( now in Malaysia ) , was a Singaporean business magnate , ornithologist , and photographer .
William Dell Perley ( February 6 , 1838 -- July 15 , 1909 ) was a farmer and politician from western Canada .
Raymond Manalo , ( born `` Raymond Manaloto Manalo '' August 1 , 1983 in Angeles City , Pampanga Philippines ) is a Filipino singer , and the runner up to Rachelle Ann Go of the program Search for a Star produced by Viva Television and co - produced and broadcast by GMA Network in 2003 to 2004 .
Vivien Yeo ( Chinese : 楊秀惠 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Iûⁿ Siù - hūi ) , born 20 July 1984 in Johor Bahru , Malaysia is a Malaysian born Chinese actress currently under contract to the TVB in Hong Kong .
Frédéric Cissokho ( born April 19 , 1971 in Rouen , France ) is a French footballer who played 36 matches in Ligue 2 for Wasquehal in the 1997 - 1998 season .
Ercan Yazgan ( born 1946 ) is one of Turkey 's most prominent and respected comedians .
Javier Ramírez Abeja ( born March 14 , 1978 in Carmona , Spain ) is a Spanish cyclist .
Yakiv Kripak ( Ukrainian : Яків Вікторович Кріпак ; born 13 June 1978 in Zaporizhya , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present - day Ukraine ) is a former Ukrainian football midfielder , and currently the coach of FC Avanhard Kramatorsk in the Ukrainian First League .
Ken Lim ( born 1964 ) is an album producer , composer , publisher , artist manager and concert promoter from Singapore who came under the spotlight in 2004 as a chief judge of the Singapore Idol series .
Iva Karagiozova - Shkodreva ( Bulgarian : Ива Карагьозова-Шкодрева ) ( born September 21 , 1971 , Samokov , Bulgaria ) is a former Bulgarian biathlete .
Onur Demirsoy ( born July 11 , 1981 , Ankara , Turkey ) is the animation director and one of the cartoonists of the humour web site Grafi2000 .
Julian Quintart arrived in South Korea , from his home in Aywaille , Belgium , when he was seventeen , as a student with Rotary Youth Exchange .
Günter Zöller ( born 21 May 1948 ) is a German figure skating coach and former competitor for East Germany .
Tan Sri Datuk Seri Utama Dr Elyas Omar was the third Lord Mayor ( Datuk Bandar ) of Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Braulio Arenas lived most of his youth in the north of Chile , moving in his teens to Talca to study .
Louis Koo ( Koo Tin - lok 古天樂 ; born 21 October 1970 ) is a Hong Kong film actor .
Alfredo Corchado Jiménez is an award - winning Mexican - American journalist who has covered Mexico for many years , and is currently the Mexico City bureau chief of The Dallas Morning News .
Şehrîbana Kurdî ( or Shahribana Kurdi ) , ( born 1973 ) , is a singer from Turkey of Kurdish origin .
Henry Walton Smith ( 1738 - -1792 ) was the founder of W H Smith , one of the United Kingdom 's largest bookselling and newspaper vending businesses .
Tiberio Cruz Fortunato born on 15 December 1976 in Barrancabermeja , Colombia , is a Colombian actor .
Nasoni Rokobiau , born 29 November 1979 , in Vunidawa , Fiji is a rugby union player .
Emperor Rokujō ( 六条天皇 Rokujō - tennō ) ( December 28 , 1164 -- August 23 , 1176 ) was the 79th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Emilie Risberg is regarded as an important member of the pioneers of girl 's education in the mid 19th century Sweden , who reformed the education of girls by establishing girls ' schools which offered proper academic education for females , in contrast to the earlier girl 's pensions shallow education .
António de Macedo ( born 5 July 1931 in Lisbon , Portugal ) was first a filmmaker and later a writer , university professor and lecturer .
Thomas William McDonald ( 1869 -- 14 August 1968 ) , sometimes known as Colonel Mac , was a United Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand .
Haji Bashir Ismail Yusuf ( Somali : Xaaji Bashiir Ismaaciil Yuusuf , Arabic : حاجي بشير اسماعيل يوسف‎ ) ( b. 1912 in Hobyo , Somalia -- d. 1984 in Cairo , Egypt ) , also spelled Hagi Bashir Ismail Yousuf , was a Somali politician .
Saleh Al - Dawod ( 24 September 1968 , Dir'iya , Riyadh , Saudi Arabia ) is a former football player .
Lalawmpuia Pachuau is a product of the famous Tata Football Academy in Jamshedpur , India .
Birgit Friedmann ( born 8 April 1960 ) is a German former middle- and long - distance runner who competed in the 1500 metres and 3000 metres for West Germany .
Schalk van der Merwe ( 16 April 1961 -- 24 January 2016 ) was a former professional tennis player from South Africa .
Adam Hill ( born 19 October 1986 ) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who currently plays as a loose forward for Wellington in the ITM Cup and the Hurricanes in Super Rugby .
Apurva Asrani ( born 21 March 1978 ) is a National Award winning film maker , film editor and screenwriter based in Mumbai , India .
Cuthbert Robert Blackett F.C.S. , J.P. ( 9 October 1831 -- 1902 ) , was a Victorian Government Analytical Chemist in colonial Australia .
Gianella Neyra Magagna ( born August 3 , 1977 in Camaná Arequipa , Peru ) , is a Peruvian actress and model .
Subash Chandra Nembang ( Nepali : सुवास चन्द्र नेम्वाङ , born 1953 ) is a Nepalese politician and the Chairman of Constituent Assembly of Nepal .
Ulf Langheinrich ( 1960 , Wolfen , Germany ) is a visual artist and composer .
Ra'anan Alexandrowicz ( born August 29 , 1969 , Jerusalem , Israel ) is an Israeli film director and screenwriter .
Isidro Montoya Valencia ( born November 3 , 1990 in Turbo , Antioquia ) is a sprinter from Colombia .
Mathias Svensson ( born 24 September 1974 , in Borås , Sweden ) is a retired Swedish footballer .
Lloyd Douglas Jackson ( April 22 , 1888 -- September 11 , 1973 ) was mayor of Hamilton , Ontario , Canada from 1950 to 1962 .
Hur Nam - sik ( born March 14 , 1949 , Uiryeong , Gyeongsangnam - do , South Korea ) was the 33rd , 34th , 35th mayor of Busan city .
Major General Mohammed Chris Alli was military governor of Plateau State Nigeria from August 1985 to 1986 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Bao Zheng ( 包拯 ; 11 April 999 -- 20 May 1062 ) , commonly known as Bao Gongand Bao Qing Tian ( 包公 , `` Lord Bao '' ) , was a government officer during the reign of Emperor Renzong in China 's Song Dynasty .
Gonzalo Miguel Vicente Maillot aka Gonzalo Vicente ( born 22 December 1979 in Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan football player .
José Eduardo de Cárdenas ( 1765 - -1821 ) was a priest , theologist , politician , poet and writer of New Spain ( now Mexico ) .
Prastuti Parashar ( Porasor ) ( Assamese : প্ৰস্তুতি পৰাশৰ ) is an actress from Assam , India .
İsyan Erdogan ( born 25 September 1982 in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian soccer player who plays for Geelong SC in the Victorian State League Division 2 .
Cameron Blair is an Australian rugby league player who played professionally in Australia .
Elvira Devinamira Wirayanti ( born June 28 , 1993 in Surabaya , East Java ) is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Puteri Indonesia 2014 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant where she placed in the Top 15 and won best National Costume award .
Jeton Kelmendi became well known in Kosovo , after the publication of his first book entitled :
Sarawut Masuk ( Thai : ศราวุฒิ มาสุข ) , simply known as Nui ( Thai : หนุ่ย ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
In an extremely brief Test career , Vivek Razdan bowled in just two innings for India on the 1989 tour of Pakistan , taking five wickets in the second of them in a fairytale beginning but he faded away just as swiftly as he had risen into the limelight .
Ýewgeniý Zemskow ( Russian : Евгений Земсков ; born 17 March 1982 ) is a Turkmen football striker who played for Turkmenistan in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup .
Lyndon Sheehan ( born 16 July 1988 ) is a New Zealand freestyle skier .
Joan Embury Cochran ( née Feltham , 16 October 1912 -- 31 July 1995 ) was a New Zealand social reformer , sex educator and teacher .
Pehr Ferdinand Holm ( 3 April 1844 - -30 March 1917 ) was a New Zealand mariner and ship owner .
Ilze Rubene played for Latvia in 1992 , at first reserve board in the first European Team Chess Championship ( women ) in Debrecen ( + 2 −3 = 1 ) , and in 1996 , at second board in the 32nd Chess Olympiad in Yerevan ( + 1 −3 = 5 ) .
Rebecka Törnqvist ( born 26 April 1964 in Uppsala , Sweden ) is a Swedish jazz and pop vocalist .
Rao Bahadur Oyyarathu Chandu Menon ( also known as O. Chandu Menon ) ( 1847 - -1899 ) was a Malayalam language novelist from Kerala state , India .
Bajla Węgier ( October 23 , 1928 -- September 11 , 1971 ) , better known as Bella Darvi , was a Polish film actress and stage performer who was active in France and the United States .
Donnchadh Donn mac Flainn ( older spelling : Donnchad Donn mac Flainn ) ( Duncan of the Brown Hair , son of Flann ) ( died 944 ) was High King of Ireland and King of Mide .
Luo Yutong ( Chinese : 罗玉通 ; pinyin : Luó Yùtōng ) ( born 6 October 1985 in Huicheng , Huizhou , Guangdong ) is an athlete from the People 's Republic of China .
Çun Mula ( 1818 - 1896 ) was the bajraktar ( `` flag - bearer '' ) of the Hoti tribe ( today divided between Montenegro and Albania ) and an Albanian freedom fighter .
Jakob Edvard Kuupik Kleist ( born 31 March 1958 ) is a Greenlandic politician who served as the fifth Prime Minister of Greenland between 2009 and 2013 .
Lise Tréhot was born in Ecquevilly , Seine - et - Oise , France , on 14 March 1848 , to Louis Tréhot and Amelie Elisabeth Boudin .
Karel Schoeman ( born 26 October 1939 in Trompsburg , South Africa ) is a South African novelist , historian , translator and man of letters .
Maria Burmaka ( Ukrainian : Марія Бурмака , born June 17 , 1970 in Kharkiv , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian singer , musician , and songwriter in genres of rock , pop , folk , world music .
Clas Åkesson Tott ( c. 1530 - -1590 ) was a military Field Marshal ( 1572 ) and member of the Privy Council of Sweden ( 1575 ) .
Ishwor Pokhrel ( Nepali : ईश्वर पोखरेल Listen ) is the current general secretary of Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist -- Leninist ) and also the former general secretary from the same party .
Samuele Bersani ( born 1 October 1970 , Rimini , Italy ) is an Italian singer - songwriter .
In 2005 , he released a self - titled album Antonio Orozco , which was a compilation of his best songs ( twelve in total ) that eventually propelled him into stardom outside Spain , mainly in Latin America and other parts of the world .
Heinrich von Winkelried ( d. after 1303 ) , known as Schrutan or Strut `` the giant '' , was a medieval knight in what is now Central Switzerland .
Gary Friedel ( born October 30 , 1942 ) is a civil servant and former provincial level politician from Alberta , Canada .
James Dimitrios Sarrás León ( 1927 - -1983 ) , sometimes hispanicized as Dimitrio Sarrás or Dimitrius Sarrás was a Greek actor and theater director who spent the last decades of his life working in Mexico , where he also founded an acting school and directed several telenovelas .
Hermann Ehrhardt ( 29 November 1881 -- 27 September 1971 ) was a German Freikorps commander during the period of turmoil in Weimar Republic Germany from 1918 to 1920 , he commanded the famous II.Marine Brigade , better known as the Ehrhardt Brigade or Marinebrigade Ehrhardt .
Asmawi Ani ( born 25 August 1981 ) , better known as Mawi , is a Malaysian singer and winner of the Third Season of Malaysia 's popular reality show , Akademi Fantasia .
László Rudas ( born Adolf Roth ; 1885 - -1950 ) was a Hungarian communist newspaper editor and politician who survived the Great Purge in the Soviet Union to become director of the Central Party School of the Communist Party of Hungary .
Deola Sagoe is an haute couture fashion designer from Ondo State , Nigeria .
Titus Allooloo ( born 1953 ) is a business man and former territorial level politician from Northwest Territories , Canada .
Magdalena van de Passe ( 1600 - -1638 ) was a Dutch engraver and important member of the Van de Passe family of artists from Cologne who were active in the Northern Netherlands .
Dimitry Muravyev ( Kazakh : Дмитрий Муравьёв , born 2 November 1979 in Kazakhstan ) is a former professional road bicycle racer from Kazakhstan .
In 2008 , he was the Canada Council for the Arts ' Artist in Residence at the Künstlerhaus Bethanien in Berlin , and published the catalogue An Te Liu :
Yehuda Amichai was born in Würzburg , Germany , to an Orthodox Jewish family , and was raised speaking both Hebrew and German , his German name was Ludwig Pfeuffer .
Roselle Nava ( born March 28 , 1976 ) is a singer , film and television actress , and politician in the Philippines .
Anderson Santana dos Santos , known as Anderson Santana or Anderson Mineiro in Brazil ( born April 24 , 1986 in Belo Horizonte ) , is a Brazilian left back who currently plays for Aktobe in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Atakan Yüksel ( born Augıust 13 , 1985 in Şefaatli , Yozgat Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish wrestler competing in the 66 kg division of Greco - Roman style .
Llandel Veguilla Malavé ( born January 14 , 1977 in Cayey , Puerto Rico ) , better known by his stage name Yandel , is a Puerto Rican reggaeton musician , songwriter and record producer , who emerged in the music scene in 1995 .
Satomi Fukunaga ( 福永恵規 , Fukunaga Satomi , born January 26 , 1967 in Tokyo , Japan ) , is a former japanese idol , singer and actress .
Dato ' Dr. Mohamad Shahrum Osman ( born 15 July 1953 ) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Lipis constituency in Pahang from 2004 to 2013 .
Ramin Mehmanparast ( Persian : رامین مهمانپرست‎‎ , born 13 July 1960 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian diplomat , the former spokesman of the Iranian foreign ministry and the current ambassador to Poland and Lithuania .
Nicol Gastaldi ( born February 16 , 1990 ) is an alpine skier from Argentina .
Bakur , also known as Pacorus or Aurelius Pacorus ( Bakur Armenian : Բակուր , Latinized : Bacurius , Aurelius Pacorus Greek : Αύρήλιος Πάκορος ) was a Parthian Prince who served as one of the Kings of Armenia in the 2nd century .
Vladimir A. Babeshko ( born 30 May 1941 ; Russian : Владимир Андреевич Бабешко ) is a Russian physicist and the former President of Kuban State University in Krasnodar , Russia .
Narayan Ganesh Gore ( Devanagari : नारायण गणेश गोरे ) ( 1907 - -1993 ) was a socialist leader and Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Bent Patey ( born 12 June 1952 in Oslo , Norway ) is an English - Norwegian guitarist , composer and writer .
King Raam ( Born in Bushehr , Iran in 1981 ) is an Iranian - born musician now living in Tehran , Iran .
Brigadier General Tekle Kiflay is the current commander of Operation Zone One in Eritrea .
Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu ( born 5 February 1968 ) is a Turkish politician who has been Minister of Foreign Affairs of Turkey since 24 November 2015 ; previously he was Minister of Foreign Affairs from August 2014 to August 2015 .
Fatih Faner played for the national U-16 team at the 1st Balkan Ice Hockey Festival held in İzmit , Turkey .
Carmen Valdés ( Carmen Laura Valdés Capote ; born November 23 , 1954 ) is a retired sprinter from Cuba , who won an Olympic bronze medal in 4 x 100 metres relay in Munich 1972 .
Jayaram Khadka ( Nepali : जयराम खड्का ) ( October 5 , 1972 ) is a cross - country skier who is the first Winter Olympic Athlete from Nepal .
Daniel Lassalle ( born 1965 ) is a baroque trombonist from France .
Graeme Stephen Reeves ( born 1949 ) is a deregistered former gynecologist and obstetrician from New South Wales , Australia , dubbed the Butcher of Bega in the press .
Ahmet Güneştekin ( born December 22 , 1966 in Batman , Turkey ) is a visual artist , whose works span painting , conceptual art and constructions sculpture .
William Osael Romero Castillo ( born 18 April 1986 in Usulután ) is a former Salvadoran footballer who played internationally for the El Salvador national team .
Stipe Drews , birth name Stipe Drviš ( pronounced as STEE - peh DER - vish , born 8 June 1973 in Makarska , Croatia ) , is a Croatian professional boxer .
Todd Torres ( born June 11 , 1968 ) is a former international breaststroke and freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico , who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1988 .
Pablo Azar ( born Pablo Azar on July 27 , in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican actor .
Passakorn Suwannawat ( born 1 May 1986 , Nakhon Pathom , Thailand ) is a former Thai professional snooker player .
Nefermaat was the eldest son of Sneferu , the pharaoh and founder of the 4th Dynasty of Egypt , and his first wife .
Erik Follestad Johansen ( born June 22 , 1989 ) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Vålerenga in Norway 's GET - ligaen .
Francesco Cirio ( 24 December 1836 -- 9 January 1900 ) was an Italian businessman , and is credited with being one of the first in the world with developing the appertization technique in Italy .
Valzhyna Mort ( born Valhyna Martynava , 1981 , Minsk , Belarus ) is a Belarusian poet who now lives in the United States .
Alexander Hare McLintock , CBE ( 14 April 1903 -- 1968 ) was a New Zealand teacher , university lecturer , historian and artist .
Ubaidullah Jan Kandaharai , or simply known as Obaidullah Jan , was a prominent Pashto singer from Kandahar , Afghanistan .
John Otway Cuffe , 2nd Earl of Desart ( 1788 - 1820 ) , was Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Bossiney , in Cornwall , 13 December 1808 - May 1817 .
Bobby Aitken is a Cuban - born Jamaican guitarist and singer who had a string of hits in Jamaica in the 1960s and led the band The Carib Beats .
Carl August von der Meden ( 6 December 1841 -- 23 May 1911 ) was the first president of the Deutscher Tennis Bund ( English : German Tennis Federation ) and was called the Father of lawn tennis in Germany .
Fernando Zagharián ( born January 13 , 1977 in Argentina ) is a former football striker who was born and raised in Argentina , but now has dual nationality with Armenia due to his Armenian origin .
Maurice Toon is a paralympic boccia player from New Zealand competing mainly in category BC2 events .
Elise Rechichi OAM ( born 11 January 1986 ) is an Australian sailor from Perth , Western Australia .
Omprakash Babarao Kadu alias Bacchu Kadu is an Independent MLA ( Member of the Legislative Assembly ) from Achalpur , India .
Mohammed Chaara ( born 16 August 1980 in Amsterdam , The Netherlands ) is a Moroccan - Dutch television and film actor .
Umut Güzelses ( Hebrew : אומיט גונזאלס‎ ; born May 15 , 1987 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish - Israeli footballer .
Wolfgang Güllich ( 24 October 1960 - 31 August 1992 ) , was born in Ludwigshafen , Germany , and is widely considered to be one of the best sport climbers in history .
Michel Banabila is a Dutch composer and sound artist , born April 14 , 1961 , in Amsterdam , The Netherlands .
Anna Colbjørnsdatter Arneberg ( 1667 - -1736 ) was a Norwegian national heroine , known for her participation in the Battle of Norderhov in Norway during the Great Northern War 29 March 1716 .
Jean - Jacques Dicker ( born June 27 , 1944 in Geneva , Switzerland ) is a Swiss - French - American photographer , best known for his documentary photography of Africa and Southeast Asia and fine art photography including portraits and nudes .
Hwang Jini ( Hangul : 황진이 ; c. 1506 -- c. 1560 ) , also known by her gisaeng name Myeongwol ( `` bright moon '' , 명월 ) , was one of the most famous gisaeng of the Joseon Dynasty .
Marteinn Geirsson ( born 11 February 1951 ) is a retired footballer who was capped 67 times ( over 20 of those as captain ) for Iceland between 1971 and 1982 , scoring 8 goals .
Shobha Naidu is among the foremost Kuchipudi dancers of India and an outstanding disciple of the renowned master Vempati Chinna Satyam .
Eduardo Franco Zannier ( Paysandú , Uruguay , 15 March 1945 -- Ib . , 1 February 1989 ) was a singer and Uruguayan composer who gained international fame as the vocalist of the melodic group Los Iracundos .
Gerald Yetming ( 葉明 born 4 January 1945 ) is a Trinidad and Tobago politician and businessman .
Hossam Ramzy ( Arabic : حسام رمزي‎ ; born in Cairo , Egypt ) is an Egyptian percussionist and composer .
Maria Dobroniega of Kiev ( b. aft . 1012 -- d. 1087 ) , was a Kievian Rus princess of the Rurikid dynasty and by marriage Duchess of Poland .
Abbas Adham was member of Red Lion and Sun Society directorate and senator - elect of Senate of Iran .
When Australia won the toss on 15 March 1877 and elected to bat , Nat Thomson came out with Australia 's No . 1 batsman Charles Bannerman to form the first - ever Test batting partnership .
Stefanie Schüler - Springorum was born in Hamburg , West Germany , a year after the sudden appearance of the Berlin Wall to the east .
Justice Vikramajit Sen ( born 31 December 1950 ) was a judge of the Supreme Court of India .
Erin Selby is a politician and former TV personality in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Harm van den Dorpel ( born 1981 in Zaandam , The Netherlands ) is a Berlin - based conceptual artist .
John Edward Brockelbank ( born February 23 , 1931 ) is an instrument technician and former political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Pavel Verbíř has played 10 matches for the Czech Republic national football team scoring two goals .
Stéphane Udry ( born 1961 in Sion , Switzerland ) is an astronomer at the Geneva Observatory in Switzerland , whose current work is primarily the search for extra - solar planets .
William Mutwol ( born October 10 , 1967 ) is a former middle distance runner from Kenya .
Steen1 ( real name Seppo Lampela ) ( born 1976 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish rap musician .
Ferenc Szekeres ( born March 21 , 1947 ) is a retired long - distance runner from Hungary , who twice won the Amsterdam Marathon , in 1979 and 1981 .
Russell Packer ( born 9 October 1989 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the National Rugby League and previously played for the New Zealand Warriors .
Stanisław Grocholski ( born June 6 , 1865 in Żołynia , died February 26 , 1932 in Buffalo ) was a Polish painter , active in Poland , Germany , and in the United States of America .
Bianna Golodryga ( born June 15 , 1978 in Moldova , Soviet Union ) is the news and finance anchor at Yahoo .
Julio César Ramírez ( born April 30 , 1974 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan former footballer who used to play for Progreso .
Melanie Horsnell is a singer - songwriter from New South Wales , Australia .
Rhyian Anderson - Morley ( born 21 June 1990 ) is an Australian rules football player currently playing for the Yarraville Seddon Eagles in the Western Region Football League in Melbourne , Australia .
Sidorela Kola ( born c. 1970 ) was Miss Albania in 1992 and represented Albania at Miss Universe 1992 and Miss Europe 1993 .
Geoffrey Moull was born in London , Ontario , Canada and studied conducting with Kirill Kondrashin , Sergiu Celibidache and Martin Stephani .
Sylvia Chang ( born Sylvia Chang Ai - chia 21 July 1953 in Chiayi , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese actress , writer , singer , producer and director .
Rosana Melo ( born October 24 , 1973 in Assis , São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian popular singer who rose to prominence in 2005 participating in the TV show Gente que Brilha on SBT .
Alois Kracher Jr. ( 23 February 1959 -- 5 December 2007 , Illmitz ) was one of the most successful winemakers of Austria , and was known under the nickname `` Luis '' .
Martín Garrido Mayorga ( born November 9 , 1974 in Córdoba , Argentina ) is an Argentine professional road racing cyclist since 1999 .
Sir Benegal Rama Rau , CIE , ICS ( 1 July 1889 -- 13 December 1969 ) was the fourth Governor of the Reserve Bank of India from 1 July 1949 to 14 January 1957 .
Shyqyri Ballgjini ( born 15 August 1954 in Durrës ) is a former Albanian footballer , who spent the most of his career , except one season , playing with Dinamo Tirana , as well as Albania .
Magnus Jákupsson ( born 8 September 1994 ) is a professional swimmer who swam for the Faroe Islands until 2012 and for Denmark since 2013 .
Aloizs Tumiņš ( 22 March 1938 -- 29 January 2009 ) was a Latvian boxer from the Soviet Union .
Lieutenant Colonel William George Malone ( 24 January 1859 -- 8 August 1915 ) was an officer in the New Zealand Military Forces who served in the First World War .
Joseph Turgeon ( April 5 , 1751 -- May 1 , 1831 ) was a master carpenter and political figure in Lower Canada .
Moez Zemzemi ( Arabic : معز زمزمي‎ ; born August 18 , 1975 ) is a boxer from Tunisia .
Educated at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston , Ontario , where he enrolled in 1916 , Charles Loewen joined the Royal Field Artillery in 1918 during the close of the First World War as he was too young for active service with the Canadian Army .
Ernst Lohmeyer ( 8 July 1890 -- 19 September 1946 ) was a German scholar of the New Testament , evangelic theologian and Bible professor , executed by Soviet authorities occupying the former East Germany .
Laura Natalia Esquivel ( born May 18 , 1994 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , known professionally as Laura Esquivel , is an Argentine actress and singer , who gained international popularity for her debut acting role as Patricia `` Patito '' Castro in the popular Argentine children 's telenovela , Patito Feo .
Pansa Meesatham ( Thai : พรรษา มีสัตย์ธรรม ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Dr. Pairat Decharin ( Thai : ไพรัตน์ เดชะรินทร์ ; rtgs : Phairat Decharin , died 26 May 1991 ) was the governor of Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Wiel Arets was born on 6 May 1955 in Heerlen , Netherlands to Wiel Arets ( 1929 ) and Mia Heuts ( 1931 ) .
When the Heruli overran Greece and captured Athens ( 269 ) , Dexippus showed great personal courage and revived the spirit of patriotism among his fellow - countrymen .
Wavel Ramkalawan ( born March 15 , 1961 ) is a politician of the Seychelles .
Publius Cornelius Sulla ( died 45 BC ) was a politician of the late Roman Republic and the nephew of Lucius Cornelius Sulla .
Mathieu Clobert ( born 8 January 1992 in Bruxelles , Belgium ) is a Belgian singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Thaís Duarte Guedes ( born January 20 , 1993 ) , commonly known as Thaís Guedes or Thaisinha , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Korean WK League club Hyundai Red Angels and the Brazil national team .
Alpo Rusi ( b. 17 August 1949 , in Jyväskylä ) served in the Foreign Ministry of Finland in several assignments ( Hamburg , Copenhagen , New York , Bonn ) , and from 1994 to 1999 as foreign policy adviser to the President of Finland Martti Ahtisaari .
Errol Dunkley ( sometimes Erroll Dunkley ) is a Jamaican reggae musician , born in Kingston , Jamaica in 1951 .
The President of the Federal Republic of Germany Horst Köhler honoured Ursula Cain by inviting her in the Federal Presidency Office in the Bellevue Palace ( Schloss Bellevue ) in Berlin on 27 March 2008 .
Claire Dorland - Clauzel ( born November 15 , 1954 in Rennes , France ) is a French businesswoman .
Bafétimbi Gomis ( French pronunciation : ​(bafetimbi ɡɔmis ) ; born 6 August 1985 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Swansea City and the France national team .
Arvei Angulo Rivas ( born April 13 , 1982 in Valencia , Venezuela ) , known as El Prieto ( also known as Prieto Gang , and originally known as Colombia ) , is a singer , songwriter and producer of Venezuelan hip hop .
Vittorio Fontanella ( born March 17 , 1953 in Chiampo , Vicenza ) is a former middle distance runner from Italy .
Jesús Géles is a professional boxer who resides in Colombia .
Markéta Irglová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmarkɛːta ˈɪrɡlovaː ) ) ( born 28 February 1988 , in Valašské Meziříčí , Czechoslovakia now Czech Republic ) is a Czech singer - songwriter , musician and actress .
Jarkko Tapola ( born 5 May 1944 ) is a Finnish former sprinter who participated in world athletics for Finland in the late 1960s and 1970s .
Hameur Hizem ( born 22 September 1937 ) is a former Tunisian football manager who coached the Tunisia national football team .
Sheikh Sayyid Yahia Badreddin al - Houthi ( born c. 1965 ) is the political leader of the Zaidi rebels who are fighting against the government of Yemen , known as the Houthis .
Till today , Dol Said is still known as a hero in Malaysia .
Alun Bollinger , MNZM ( born 1948 ) is a New Zealand cinematographer , who has worked on several Peter Jackson films , and many other films in New Zealand .
Mirai Yamamoto ( 山本未來 Yamamoto Mirai , born 4 November 1974 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese actress .
Néstor Almendros Cuyás was born in Barcelona , Spain , but at 18 moved to Cuba to join his exiled anti - Francisco Franco father .
Scott Webster ( born 2 June 1976 ) , is a field hockey player from Australia , who was a member of the team that won the silver medal at the 2002 World Hockey Cup .
Grega Bole ( born 13 August 1985 in Jesenice , Slovenia ) is a Slovenian professional road bicycle racer , currently riding for Nippo--
Ambrogio Minoja ( 22 October 1752 -- 3 August 1825 ) was a classical composer from Italy , born in Ospedaletto Lodigiano , in the territory of Lodi , in the region of Lombardy .
Cyrille Laventure ( born March 29 , 1964 in Fort - de - France , Martinique ) is a French athlete who specializes in 5,000 meters .
Lorenzo Ramaciotti ( born 1948 , Modena , Italy ) is an Italian car designer .
Luba Golovina is a Georgian trampolinist who represented Georgia at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games , and the 2012 Summer Olympic Games
Claire Baxter ( born 24 January 1982 , Australia ) was a professional racing cyclist , competing in both road and mountain bike racing events .
R. G. Pillai ( born 1948 ) , who uses the pseudonym Karazhmakaran Gopali , is a published writer , poet , stage actor , theater director and an accomplished painter from Kerala , India .
Guillermo Rojas Rumilla ( born 29 March 1983 in San Luis , San Luis Potosí , Mexico ) is a Mexican football Winger .
Horst Kummeth ( born December 27 , 1956 in Forchheim , Germany ) is a German television actor , writer and director .
Tefik Mborja was born in 1888 , in Mborje , Vilayet of Monastir , Ottoman Empire ( today Albania ) .
Claudia Riechsteiner ( born 3 January 1986 in Sursee , Switzerland ) is a Swiss ice hockey defender .
Lavinia Stan ( born 1966 in Piteşti , Romania ; Ph.D. in Political Science from the University of Toronto ) is an Associate Professor of political science at St. Francis Xavier University in Canada .
Giovanni di Paolo Rucellai ( 1403 - -1481 ) was a member of a wealthy family of wool merchants in Renaissance Florence , in Tuscany , Italy .
Muni Jinvijayji ( 1888 - -1976 ) was a scholar of orientalism , archeology , indology and Jainism from India .
Dolf Rieser ( 1898 - -1983 ) was a South Africa painter , printmaker , and teacher .
Hanna Schwarz is a professor at Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg in Germany .
Ay was the penultimate Pharaoh of Ancient Egypt 's 18th dynasty .
Mariusz Okoniewski ( born February 10 , 1956 in Poznań , Poland - death February 10 , 2006 in Śmigiel , Poland ) was a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who was won Team Speedway Polish Championship six times and Polish Silver Helmet in 1976 .
Dr. Habibollah Hedayat ( دکتر حبیب الله هدایت ) ( 1917 - 2013 ) , known as the father of modern nutrition sciences of Iran , is the founder of the Institute and Faculty of Nutrition and Food Science of Iran ( INFSI ) .
Before Scouting was banned in Austria Hermann Buhl was a Cub Scout in Innsbruck .
Cat Hellisen was born in Cape Town and has lived in Johannesburg , South Africa and Nottingham , England .
Pharaon Mirzoyan ( Armenian : Փարավոն Միքայելի Միրզոյան ; December 2 , 1949 ) is an Armenian painter , the director of the National Gallery of Armenia .
Pär Lindgren ( born 16 January 1952 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish composer and composition teacher , cited as one of Sweden 's leading composers of electroacoustic music , and one of the most important Swedish composers of orchestral music of his generation along with Jan Sandstrom , Anders Hillborg , and Anders Nilsson .
Mohammad Asim Kamal ( born 31 May 1976 in Karachi ) is a Test cricketer for the national team of Pakistan who scored 99 against South Africa on his Test debut .
Luis Carlos Sarmiento Angulo ( born 27 January 1933 ) is a Colombian billionaire and the wealthiest man in Colombia with a net worth of USD$12.9 billion as of 2015 that derives from the banking conglomerate Grupo Aval Acciones y Valores , SA , of which he is the majority shareholder and president .
Chief Rabbi David Asseo ( 1914 -- July 14 , 2002 ) was the Hakham Bashi ( or Chief Rabbi ) of the Republic of Turkey from 1960 until his death in 2002 .
Abdulkader Dakka ( Arabic : عبد القادر دكة‎ ) ( born 10 January 1985 in Latakia , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Ayisi Makatiani is the Managing Partner and CEO of Fanisi Capital Ltd , which manages the Fanisi Venture Capital Fund for investing in East Africa ( Kenya , Uganda , Tanzania and Rwanda ) .
Roger Saint - Vil ( also spelled St. Vil ) ( born December 8 , 1947 in Port - au - Prince , Haiti ) was a Haitian football ( soccer ) left wing who played professionally in the United States and Haiti .
Orinoco Faamausili - Banse - Prince ( born 31 July 1990 in Auckland ) is a New Zealand swimmer of Samoan heritage , who specialized in freestyle events .
Máximo Rolón Villa ( born November 18 , 1934 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is a former Paraguayan footballer who has played for clubs in Paraguay , Chile and Colombia .
Wen - bin Chen ( 陳 文賓 , born October 5 , 1973 in Taiwan ) was a professional baseball player in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball and Taiwan 's Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Sian Brice ( born 2 April 1969 ) is a triathlete from the United Kingdom .
Linden Charles Mansell Saunders OBE ( 5 December 1908 -- 24 March 1995 ) was a New Zealand teacher , music critic and broadcaster .
Hamid Ghassemi - Shall ( Persian : حمید قاسمی-شال‎ ) ( born circa 1967 ) is an Iranian - Canadian computer technician who was arrested by Iran on espionage charges in 2008 and sentenced to death the following year .
Mathieu Ganio was born in Marseille , France , the son of Ballet National de Marseille principal dancers Dominique Khalfouni and Denys Ganio .
Wolfgang Ilgenfritz ( January 10 , 1957 ; Villach , Austria -- January 18 , 2013 ; Villach ) was an Austrian politician and most notably a non - attached Member of the European Parliament .
Ioan Chezan ( born 14 August 1945 , Sântejude , Cluj county , Romania ) is a Romanian musician and conductor .
Roque Mercury Barrial ( born September 8 , 1938 in Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer and former football manager currently played for clubs of Chile and Colombia and coached in clubs of Chile .
Airini Nga Roimata Grennell ( 11 February 1910 - -8 December 1988 ) was a New Zealand singer , pianist , broadcaster .
Catherine Mary Ann Adamson ( née Friend , 13 October 1868 -- 9 August 1925 ) was a New Zealand homemaker and diarist .
Vasileios Christopoulos ( Greek : Βασίλειος Χριστόπουλος , b. 1951 in Patras , Greece ) is a Greek writer .
Hippolyte Pixii ( 1808 - -1835 ) was an instrument maker from Paris , France .
Jeanne Downs ( born 6 January 1968 ) is a former presenter of Children 's ITV ( now known as CITV ) , which is the brand name used for the majority of children 's television output on ITV in the United Kingdom .
Vijay Sampla ( born 6 July 1961 ) , Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment in India , is a member of parliament from Hoshiarpur ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Johannes Greber ( 1874 - 1944 ) born in Wenigerath , Germany , was ordained a Catholic priest , then renounced that and became deeply involved in a variety of spiritualist activities .
Abdulla Mohamed Hussein ( born 7 December 1987 ) is a athlete who competed internationally for Somalia .
Alexander Lee Eusebio ( Hangul : 알렉산더 이 유세비오 ; born on July 29 , 1988 in Hong Kong ) , simply known by his stage name Alexander or Xander , is a Hong Kong singer , rapper , actor and television host mostly active in South Korea .
Mariano Marcos y Rubio ( April 21 , 1897 -- March 8 , 1945 ) was a lawyer and a politician from Ilocos Norte , Philippines .
Rokas Zaveckas ( born 15 April 1996 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian alpine skier .
Wilfried Tevoedjre ( born 20 September 1979 in Cotonou , Benin ) is a Beninese swimmer specializing in freestyle .
Sandy Edmonds ( born Rosalie L. Edmondson , 18 October 1948 ) is a British - born former pop singer and model , who achieved widespread popularity in New Zealand in the 1960s .
Mickaël Vendetta ( real name Mickael Adon ) ( born October 3 , 1987 in Le Creusot , France is a French Internet phenomenon and entrepreneur whose notoriety followed upon the buzz he created on the internet through his personal blog .
Árni Þorláksson ( 1237 -- 17 April 1298 ) was an Icelandic Roman Catholic clergyman , who became the tenth bishop of Iceland ( 1269 - -1298 ) .
Brigitte Vallée ( born June 6 , 1950 , in Courbevoie , Hauts - de - Seine , France ) is a French mathematician and computer scientist .
Syed Yazid was born at the General Hospital , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , graduated in International Business Administration which he gained from the University of Northumbria at Newcastle , United Kingdom .
Dominique Avon is a French historian of religion and professor at the University of Maine , France .
Mohammed al - Mokhtar Soussi ( Arabic : محمد المختار السوسي‎ ; 1900 - -1963 ) was a Moroccan scholar , politician and writer who played an important role in the years before Morocco 's independence in 1956 .
Mujtaba Farooq is the first National President of the Political party , Welfare Party of India .
Kathleen Maisey Curtis , Lady Rigg ( 15 August 1892 -- 5 September 1994 ) was a New Zealand mycologist and was a founder of plant pathology in New Zealand .
Adi Cristian Colceru also known as David Deejay ( born December 10 , 1980 , in Barlad ) , is a DJ , producer and composer from Bucharest , Romania .
Dr. Yohannes Haile - Selassie ( born on 23 February 1961 in Adigrat , Ethiopia ) is an Ethiopian paleoanthropologist .
Ali Larijani ( Persian : علی لاریجانی‎‎ , Persian pronunciation : ( æliː-e lɒːɾiːdʒɒːniː ) ; born 3 June 1957 ) is an Iranian philosopher , politician and the current chairman of the Parliament of Iran .
After Blau had to leave Austria in 1938 , Hertha Wambacher continued working on the identification of particles from nuclear reactions of cosmic rays with the emulsion constituents .
Harald Reinl ( July 8 , 1908 in Bad Ischl , Austria -- October 9 , 1986 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Spain ) was an Austrian film director .
Christian Tønsberg became one of the larger Norwegian publishers and was best known for illustrated books about Norway .
Chitchai Wannasathit ( Thai : ชิดชัย วรรณสถิตย์ , Chinese : 曹壁光 ; pinyin : Cáo Bìguāng , born August 13 , 1946 in Ubon Ratchathani Province ) was the caretaker prime minister of Thailand from April to May 2006 , when Thaksin Shinawatra took a break from his duties as prime minister following a disappointing showing in elections .
Sophia Reuter , born in 1971 , in Dresden , Germany , comes from a family with a long musical history .
Ng Xuan Hui ( Chinese : 黄玄慧 ; pinyin : Huáng Xuánhuì ; born 1977 ) is a former Singaporean sailor and three - time Singapore National Olympic Council Sportsgirl of the Year in 1991 , 1992 and 1993 .
Roman Laba ( Ukrainian : Роман Романович Лаба ; born 30 November 1966 in Soroky - Lvivski , Lviv Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union , now Ukraine ) is a former Ukrainian football striker , and currently interim coach of FC Lviv in the Ukrainian First League .
Alonza J. White ( ca 1836 -- August 29 , 1912 ) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
His son , former Mexican Secretary of Finance Jesús Silva Herzog Flores , and grandson , Jesús Silva Herzog Márquez , are also prominent men in Mexico 's political and intellectual life .
Rasim Delić ( 4 February 1949 -- 16 April 2010 ) was the Chief of Staff of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Carlos Torres Ríos ( born 1898 , Buenos Aires , Argentina -- died 1956 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was an Argentine cinematographer , film director , screenwriter , film editor and film producer of the classic era .
Antônio Delfim Netto is a Brazilian economist , former Minister of Finance , Agriculture , and Planning of Brazil , professor and congressman .
Simone Mestaguerra ( or Mastaguerra ) was for a short time lord of Forlì , Italy , during the 13th century .
Amir Kubura ( born 4 March 1964 ) is a former Bosnian commander of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and officer of the Yugoslav People 's Army who was indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and sentenced to two years imprisonment for ' plunder of public or private property ' .
Warwick Brown ( born in Sydney , 24 December 1949 ) is a former racing driver from Australia .
Dainis Ozols ( born 11 September 1966 in Smiltene , Latvia ) is a former professional cyclist from Latvia .
Ruth Stella Correa Palacio ( born 13 November 1959 ) is the 8th and current Minister of Justice and Law of Colombia .
Johan Bjarne Kallis ( born 21 March 1945 in Kokkola ) is the former chairman of the Christian Democratic Party ( KD ) , previously known as the Finnish Christian Coalition ( SKL ) , and a member of the Parliament of Finland .
Norman Langen ( born 7 March 1985 in Bardenberg , Germany ) is a German singer and a participant in season 8 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar who finished in 7th place .
Scott Cowan ( born 4 June 1983 in Gore , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a halfback for the Southland Stags .
Manfred Grund was born July 3 , 1955 in Zeitz , East Germany ( GDR ) .
Sami Güçlü ( born September 6 , 1950 , Konya , Turkey ) , is a Turkish politician .
Keisha - Dean Soffe ( born 28 September 1982 in Waitara , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand weightlifting competitor .
Michael - Ray Pallares - González ( born Englewood , NJ December 15 , 1980 ) is a professional tennis player from the Dominican Republic .
Promoe ( Mårten Edh , born Nils Mårten Ed , 28 April 1976 ) is a Swedish rapper , and member of Swedish hip hop group Looptroop Rockers , formed in Västerås , Sweden , 1992 .
Dawid Przepiórka was born 22 December 1880 in Warsaw , Poland ( then part of the Russian Empire ) , to a family of wealthy landowners and entrepreneurs of Jewish extraction .
Igor Vasilev , credited as Novogradska ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Игор Василев ; born June 22 , 1978 , in Skopje , SR Macedonia , SFRY ) is a Macedonian composer / musician .
Semira Adamu ( 1978 - -1998 ) was a 20-year - old asylum seeker from Nigeria who was suffocated to death with a pillow by two Belgian police officers who tried to calm her during their expulsion effort .
William Spence Peter ( 1818 -- 23 May 1891 ) was a pioneer pastoralist of South Australia and New Zealand , and a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 1868 to 1891 .
Maulana Mohammad Nabi Mohammadi ( Pashto : محمد نبي محمدي‎ was an Afghan politician Afghan Mujahideen leader who was the founder and leader of the Harakat - i - Inqilab - i - Islami political party and paramilitary group . He served as Vice President of Afghanistan under the Mujahideen from 1992 to about 1996 .
The Perdita Huston Human Rights Award is supported by the Washington D.C. chapter of the United Nations Association of the United States of America .
Mauro Jöhri ( born 1 September 1947 in Bivio , Graubünden , Switzerland ) is the Minister General , that is , the worldwide head , of the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin , having served since 2006 .
Dragan Đilas ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Ђилас , pronounced ( drǎɡan d͡ʑîlaːs ) , born 22 February 1967 in Belgrade , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian politician and businessman who was the Mayor of Belgrade .
Mikail Shishkhanov was born on August 6 , 1972 in Grozny ( capital city of the Chechen Republic , Russia ) .
Walther Straram ( 1876 - 1933 ) was a conductor active in France during the early twentieth century .
Samuel Edger ( c.1823 - -1882 ) was a New Zealand non - denominational minister , writer , social reformer and community worker .
Vipul Mehta ( born 1979 ) originating from Amritsar , Punjab , India is an Indian singer who on 1 September 2012 won the title of Indian Idol in season 6 of the show .
He was born at St - Benoît , Canada East in 1854 , the son of Jean - Joseph Girouard , and studied at the Collège des Sulpiciens at Montreal .
Eduardo Maruri Miranda ( born September 6 , 1966 , Guayaquil , Ecuador ) is an Ecuadorian businessman , President and Founding Member of MARURI Grey Global Group Ecuador , and former President of the Barcelona Sporting Club Soccer Team of Ecuador .
Lynda Sorenson , is a politician in Northwest Territories , Canada .
Arnd Klawitter ( born 26 July 1968 , Hamburg , Germany ) , is a German actor of stage , movie and television .
Łukasz Romanek ( 21 August 1983 in Knurów , Poland -- 2 June 2006 in Wilcza , Poland ) was a Polish speedway rider has won Under-19 European Champion title .
Mijail Bárzaga Lugo ( his name being the Spanish rendering of the Russian name Михаил , usually spelled Mikhail in English ) is a Cuban dissident who worked as a freelance journalist in Havana and was incarcerated in Cuba for seven years as a prisoner of conscience recognized by Amnesty International .
Beatriz Vaz e Silva ( born 7 October 1985 ) , commonly known as Bia , is a Brazilian soccer player who represented the Boston Breakers of the National Women 's Soccer League ( NWSL ) and also plays the Brazil national team .
Born and raised in Florence , Italy , from an early age Andrea Tacchi took an interest in creating musical instruments , building his first guitar at age 15 .
Thiago Camilo Palmieri ( São Paulo September 20 of 1984 ) is a racing driver Brazil .
In the subsequent election to name his successor at Laval city hall , candidate Claire Le Bel went public on Radio Canada with a recording alleged to be that of Gilles Vaillancourt offering to fund her campaign with cash from questionable donors .
Kai Jahnsson ( Born January 25 , 1965 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish sport shooter who competes in the men 's 10 metre air pistol .
Sergio Esquenazi ( Buenos Aires , Argentina , 27 October 1974 ) is an Argentine filmmaker .
Jean Piero Pérez ( born 7 March 1981 in San Felix , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan professional boxer in the flyweight division and is the current interim World Boxing Association flyweight champion .
Toos van Holstein ( Eindhoven , the Netherlands , 1949 ) is a Dutch painter with an expressionistic , figurative style .
Alfred Erskine Marling was born on October 5 , 1858 in Toronto , Canada to Reverend Francis Henry Marling and Marina Catherine MacDonald .
Katay Don Sasorith ( July 12 , 1904 -- December 29 , 1959 ) was a Laos nationalist , politician , author , and prime minister of Laos ( 1954 - -1956 ) .
Sebastián Caicedo ( Born as Juan Sebastián Caicedo Londoño on November 12 , 1981 in Cali , Colombia ) , is a Colombian television actor .
Janos Prohaska ( October 10 , 1919 , Budapest , Hungary -- March 13 , 1974 , Inyo County , California , United States ) was a U.S .- based Hungarian actor and stunt performer on American television from the 1960s .
Federico Capasso ( born 1949 , Rome , Italy ) , a prominent applied physicist , was one of the inventors of the quantum cascade laser during his work at Bell Laboratories .
Marina Khalturina ( born June 17 , 1974 in Sverdlovsk , Sverdlovsk Oblast ) is a figure skater who represented Kazakhstan in international competition as a pair skater and a single skater .
Raymond Ranjeva ( born August 31 , 1942 in Antananarivo , Madagascar ) , served as a judge on the International Court of Justice from February , 1991 until February , 2009 .
Helgi Þór Arason ( born December 12 , 1986 in Reykjavík , Iceland ) , rose to popularity after competing in Idol Stjörnuleit 2 , the Icelandic version of Pop Idol .
Erlendur Haraldsson ( born 1931 ) is a professor emeritus of psychology on the faculty of social science at the University of Iceland .
Dominique Tricaud ( born , 1955 in Paris , France ) is a lawyer whose fame in the United States derives from his being the defense attorney in Paris , France , of Ira Einhorn , the famous environmentalist , convicted in absentia of murder .
Dallas Walker Smythe ( March 9 , 1907 , in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada -- September 6 , 1992 , in Langley , British Columbia ) was a political activist and researcher who contributed to a political economy of communications .
Darío Jara Saguier ( born 27 January 1930 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is a former football striker and coach .
Sarah Louise Mathew ( 1805 ? - 14 December 1890 ) was a New Zealand diarist .
Chanidapa Pongsilpipat , ( Thai : ชนิดาภา พงศ์ศิลป์พิพัฒน์ ; rtgs : Chanidapha Phongsinphiphat ; born July 15 , 1988 ) in Thailand , is a Thai actress , model and presenter .
Masabata Klaas ( alternatively Mazabatha Klaas , born 3 February 1991 ) is an international cricketer who has made four One Day International appearance and six Twenty20 International appearances for South Africa national women 's cricket team since her debut in 2010 .
Megan Gay ( born 1967 ) is an actress from New Zealand .
Willibald Jentschke ( Vienna , Austria - Hungary , 6 December 1911 -- Göttingen , Germany , 11 March 2002 ) was an Austrian - German experimental nuclear physicist .
Amanda Downum was born on 15 July 1979 into a middle - class family in Virginia Beach , Virginia , in the United States of America .
Nicanor Molinas was born in Corrientes , Argentina in August 1823 , the son of a Spanish immigrant .
Kwabena Agyapong was born on 6 March 1962 , in Kumasi , Capital of the Ashanti Region of Ghana .
Giusep Nay ( born August 9 , 1942 in Trun , Grisons ) was the president of the Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland for the years 2005 and 2006 .
Sheikh Noah Qudah ( 1939 -- 19 December 2010 ) was a Jordanian Muslim scholar and the Grand Mufti of Jordan from 2007 to 2010 .
Fabio Bencivenga ( born January 20 , 1976 in Capua ) is a retired water polo player from Italy , who represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 ( Mars , Sol ) .
Dimitar Lukanov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Луканов , born February 23 , 1969 , Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) is internationally renowned Bulgarian - American artist .
Patrick Burrows ( born on November 5 , 1959 in Barrie , Ontario ) is a former field hockey defender from Canada .
Rudy Pérez was born in May 17 , 1958 , in Pinar del Río , Cuba , to a Baptist parents ( his grandfather was a Baptist minister ) .
Sławomir Łosowski ( born 31 August 1951 in Gdańsk ) is a synthesizer player from Poland .
Fatima Houda - Pepin ( born December 26 , 1951 ) was a Quebec politician and a member of the National Assembly of Quebec , Canada .
Lars Larsen Forsæth was born at Forset , a family farm at Klæbu in Sør - Trøndelag , Norway .
Ivan Bosiljčić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Босиљчић , pronounced ( ǐʋan bɔ̌siːʎt͡ʃit͡ɕ ) ) ( born 15 January 1979 in Titovo Užice , Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian actor .
Chief Ikeje Asogwa is a distinguished political administrator and a key player in Nigeria 's democracy and Enugu State politics in particular .
Tadeja Ternar ( born 1987 in Beltinci , Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian beauty pageant contestant who represented Slovenia at the Miss World 2007 competition in China .
Simon Gronowski ( born October 12 , 1931 ) is a Doctor of Law , from the Université libre de Bruxelles , a jazz pianist , and the president of the Union of Jewish deportees in Belgium .
Cliff Richards ( born 1964 , in Belo Horizonte , Brazil ) is a comic book artist .
After signing a management contract with producer Hadii Sharara and moving from Australia to Lebanon at 19 years old ' , Richii released his first single `` Dayeb Wehyatik '' with an accompanying music video .
Miguel Ángel Rubiano Chávez ( born 3 October 1984 ) is a Colombian professional road bicycle racer who is currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team Colombia .
Richard Nduhura , sometimes spelled Richard Nduhuura , is a Ugandan politician , diplomat and veterinarian who currently serves as Uganda 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations .
Robert Homburg , senior ( 10 March 1848 -- 23 March 1912 ) was a politician and judge in colonial South Australia .
Sai Min Tun ( Burmese : စိုင်းမင်းထွန်း ; born 7 July1994 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a striker for the Myanmar national football team .
Rosângela Conceição is a wrestler from Brazil .
Markus Krunegård ( born 6 April 1979 in Norrköping , Östergötland , Sweden ) is a Swedish - Finnish singer and songwriter .
Tevita Li ( born 23 March 1995 ) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who currently plays as a winger for North Harbour in the ITM Cup .
Pablo Carreno is an Expressionist artist who was born in 1941 and raised in Havana , Cuba .
Katie Gaynor ( born 30 August 1977 in Sydney ) is a utility player for the Australia women 's national baseball team .
Santa Bahadur Rai(सन्त बहादुर राई : Lohorung , November 2 , 1936 ) is former chairman of National planning commission and secretary of Ministry of Housing and physical planning of the government of Nepal .
Kamran Khavarani ( born 1941 in Tehran , Iran ) is a painter and architect currently residing in Los Angeles , California .
After the loss of his army , Ciriaco del Llano returned to Spain .
Iqbal Ahmed Saradgi ( born 5 June 1944 ) was the member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Antanum or Antanom ( full name Ontoros Antanom ) ( 1885 - 1915 ) was a famous and influential Murut warrior from North Borneo ( now Sabah ) , Malaysia who according to local oral history claimed to have supernatural powers .
Kane Brigg is Australia 's greatest all - round jumper as at the end of 2013 .
Gérard Théodore ( November 28 , 1920 -- June 10 , 2012 ) was a French Compagnon de la Libération , having received the Ordre de la Libération for his role in the Liberation of France during World War II . Théodore was born in Paris on November 28 , 1920 .
Joseph Ayo Babalola ( 25 April 1904 -- 26 July 1959 ) was the founder of the Christ Apostolic Church , popularly called Aladura in Nigeria .
Gabriel Torrelles is an author , filmmaker and Internet entrepreneur from Caracas , Venezuela .
Tadeusz Kruszelnicki ( born August 19 , 1955 in Gliwice ) is a professional wheelchair tennis player from Poland .
Artur Kuko ( born 16 April 1962 ) is an Albanian diplomat and former Permanent Representative to NATO of Albania .
Oleksandr Petriv ( Ukrainian : Олександр Петрів ) ( born 5 August 1974 ) is an Olympic shooter from Ukraine .
Pierre - Charles Le Sueur ( c. 1657 , Artois , France -- 17 July 1704 , Havana , Cuba ) was a French fur trader and explorer in North America , recognized as the first known European to explore the Minnesota River valley .
Laisha Wilkins ( born Laisha Wilkins Pérez on May 18 , 1976 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress , talk show hostess and producer .
Lêdo Ivo was born in 1924 in Maceió , capital of Alagoas state in northeastern Brazil .
Roger Abrantes ( 1951 in Portugal ) is a Portuguese author on the behaviors of animals , with a PhD in Evolutionary Biology and Ethology , and a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy .
Johanna Raunio ( born 5 November 1954 in Turku ) is a Finnish actress and beauty pageant titleholder who was chosen Miss Finland in 1974 .
Astolfo José Romero Chacín ( February 8 , 1950 , Maracaibo , Venezuela - May 20 , 2000 ) , also known as `` Astolfo Romero '' and `` El Parroquiano '' , was Venezuelan folkloric musician and composer .
Dragan Paljić ( born on 8 April 1983 in Starnberg , West Germany ) is a German footballer of Bosnian Serb descent who plays as a left back or left winger for Perth Glory FC in the Australian A - League .
Palden Gyatso ( born 1933 in Panam , Tibet ) is a Tibetan Buddhist monk who was born in Tibet in 1933 .
Areti Ketime ( Greek : Αρετή Κετιμέ ) ( Athens July 26 , 1989 ) is a singer and santoor player from Greece .
Karen Homayounfar ( born 1348 in Tehran ) , Iran songwriter .
Saimir Tahiri is the Minister of Interior Affairs of Albania in the Rama Government of Prime Minister Edi Rama since 2013 .
James Edward Fulton ( 11 December 1854 - -6 December 1928 ) was a New Zealand surveyor and civil engineer .
Igors Kazanovs ( Russian : Игорь Яковлевич Казанов ; born September 24 , 1963 in Daugavpils ) is a retired athlete who represented the USSR and later Latvia .
Born in Trujillo , Spain , Gonzalo Pizarro accompanied his eldest brother , Francisco Pizarro , in his third expedition for the conquest of Peru in 1530 .
Justinian Tamusuza ( b. Kibisi , Uganda , 1951 ) is a Ugandan composer of contemporary classical music .
Salama al - Khufaji was a member of the Interim Iraq Governing Council , created following the United States 's 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Tal Banin ( born March 7 , 1971 in Kiryat Haim , Haifa , Israel ) is a retired football player and manager .
Frédéric Bey , born 20 April 1961 at Issy - les - Moulineaux in France , is a designer of wargames and the author of books and articles on the subject of military history .
Barbara Lynne Pillay , known as Lynne Pillay ( born 14 August 1950 ) is a New Zealand politician , and member of the Labour Party .
Oswald Curtis ( 1821 - -1902 ) was a 19th - century New Zealand politician born in London , England , on 20 January 1821 .
Phillip Shead is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally for Paris Saint - Germain and represented France .
Martha Vanessa Antonio del Moral , better known by her screen name Vaness del Moral ( born on May 23 , 1988 in Baguio City , Benguet , Philippines ) , is a Filipina actress and a talent at one of the top management groups in the Philippines , the GMA Artist Center .
Franz Hein was born in Grötzingen ( Baden ) , Germany .
Vishnu Dayal Ram is a former Director General Police of Jharkhand state in India .
After an apprenticeship , Marina Berlusconi worked in several positions in the media business in Italy .
George Sleeman ( August 1 , 1841 -- December 16 , 1926 ) was a brewer , sports executive and politician in Ontario , Canada .
Cicely Margaret Escott ( 9 July 1908 -- 15 August 1977 ) was a New Zealand novelist , drama teacher and poet .
Thé Tjong - Khing ( born August 4 , 1933 ) is a children 's book illustrator based in the Netherlands .
Sombala Kumar is a leading Dhrupad vocalist of India .
Peter Bree ( Driebergen - Rijsenburg , the Netherlands , 23 September 1949 ) is a Dutch oboist and radio presenter .
Bro'Sis : whose first album Never Forget ( Where You Come From ) , where Christoph Brüx took part in , has been released to the public in January 2002 , scored in Germany platinum .
Brian Joo ( Hangul : 브라이언 주 ; born January 10 , 1981 ) , better known as simply Brian , is an American R&B and K - pop recording artist who is based in the United States and South Korea .
Carlos Alonso ( born Tunuyán , Mendoza , Argentina , 4 February 1929 ) , is a contemporary Argentine painter , draftsman and printmaker .
Wunna Kyawhtin Htay Myint ( Burmese : ဌေးမြင့် ) is the chairman of the Yuzana Company , a major conglomerate in Myanmar ( Burma ) and was a member of parliament in the country 's national lower house , the Pyithu Hluttaw .
Jusuf Antono Djojo or Ian Antono ( born October 29 , 1950 in Malang , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian guitarist and songwriter .
Reynaldo Armas , born in Los Guatacaros , Santa María de Ipire , Guárico State , Venezuela , August 4 , 1953 , is a Venezuelan llanero singer and composer .
Ali Abdullah Al - Daffa ( Arabic : علي بن عبدالله الدفـّاع‎ ) was born in 1938 ( 1358 H ) at Unaizah ( Al Gassim , Saudi Arabia ) .
Rajani Venugopal ( Telugu : ರಜನಿ ವೇಣುಗೋಪಾಲ್ ; born 28 May 1969 , in Hyderabad , India ) is a former Test and One Day International ( ODI ) cricketer who represented the India national women 's cricket team .
Christine Jeffs ( born January 29 , 1963 ) is a New Zealand - born director , editor and screenwriter known for directing the New Zealand film Rain ( 2001 ) , the British motion picture Sylvia ( 2003 ) , and the American independent film Sunshine Cleaning ( 2009 ) .
Peter Frohmader was born May 9 , 1958 in Munich , Germany and began listening to electronic music such as Tangerine Dream and Ash Ra Tempel when he was twelve years old .
Born in Madrid , Spain , into a family of musicians , Rodolfo Halffter was the brother of Ernesto Halffter and uncle of Cristóbal Halffter , also composers .
Christopher Paul MacDonald , MBE ( born 8 January 1960 ) , is a New Zealand sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s .
Radim Běleš is a Paralympic athlete from the Czech Republic competing mainly in category F51 club throwing and discus events .
William Stafford Anderson ( born February 16 , 1889 ) was a lumberman and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada .
Rawat Tana ( born 5 May 1977 ) is a wheelchair racer from Thailand who is a gold medalist at both the Summer Paralympic and World Championships .
Hasina Miya ( Nepali : हसिना मिया ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) .
Rafael Zarza Gonzalez ( born October 1944 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban artist specializing in painting , engraving , graphic design and illustration .
Bartholda van Swieten ( 2 April 1566 , The Hague -- 15 October 1647 , The Hague ) was a Dutch noble and diplomat who acted as official mediary between the Netherlands and the Spanish Netherlands from 1615 until 1629 .
Billy Rice ( born 12 September 1938 in Belfast , Northern Ireland , died 26 June 2008 ) was a football player who played for Australia in their ill - fated 1966 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign .
José María Sánchez Lage , also known as `` Sánchez Lage '' , was an Argentine professional footballer who played as a winger for several clubs including River Plate and Club Atlético Banfield in Argentina and Real Oviedo and Valencia C.F. in Spain .
Lieutenant Colonel David Cossgrove , ( 1852 - -1920 ) of the New Zealand Army served in the South African War -- also known as the Second Boer War -- with Robert Baden - Powell , founder of Scouts and Guides in the United Kingdom .
Ludwig Wilding ( 19 May 1927 -- 4 January 2010 ) was a German artist whose work is associated with Op art and Kinetic art . Wilding was born in Grünstadt , Germany .
Mikkel Rønnow ( born 1974 in Denmark ) is Musical Director , Musical Theatre Performance Coach and Theatrical Producer .
Melissa Ingram ( born 24 June 1985 in Henderson , New Zealand ) is a retired New Zealand swimmer .
Mauricio Alejo ( born 1969 in Mexico City ) is an artist based in New York and Mexico City .
Rudolph Striegler ( 1816 - -1876 ) was one of Denmark 's early photographers , specialising in portrait photography .
Juan Ignacio Acosta Cabrera ( born 8 March 1985 in Santa Rosa , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan Naturalized Chilean Association football Forward currently playing for Acassuso of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina .
Krzysztof Jabłoński ( born September 30 , 1977 in Gniezno , Poland ) is a Polish speedway rider has won European Champion titles and was a member of the Polish national team .
Luciano Marín Arango , aka `` Iván Márquez '' ( born 1955 in Florencia , Caquetá ) is a Colombian guerrilla leader , member of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) , part of its Secretariat higher command and advisor to the Northwestern and Caribbean blocs .
Awa Ly ( born 4 January 1977 in Paris , France ) is a singer and actress of Senegalese origin who lives in Italy .
Antonio Enrique González - Rodiles Fernández ( Antonio Rodiles , born July 21 , 1972 ) is a Cuban political activist who has achieved international visibility for his work as the coordinator of Estado de SATS , a forum which was created in July 2010 to encourage debate on social , cultural and political issues in Cuba .
Francesca Beard ( born 1968 in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ) is a writer and performance poet .
Romana Labounková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈromana ˈlabounkovaː ) ; born April 27 , 1989 ) is a Czech racing cyclist who represents the Czech Republic in BMX .
Arvind Virmani is an Indian economist who was appointed India 's representative to the International Monetary Fund in 2009 .
Mohammad Ali Bashe Ahangar ( Persian : محمدعلی باشه آهنگر‎‎ ) , born on December 8 , 1962 in Dezful , Khuzestan , SW Iran , is an Iranian director and screenwriter .
Eileen Roca Torralvo ( born September 26 , 1986 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a former Miss Colombia .
Frank Tønnesen ( born 28 April 1972 ) , better known by his stage name Tønes , is a Norwegian singer , songwriter and guitarist from Sokndal , Norway .
Magdi Mehanna ( born Dakahlia Governorate , Egypt , 1956 - 2008 ) was an Egyptian journalist and the founding editor of Al - Masry Al - Youm newspaper , where he authored a column entitled `` In the Forbidden Zone . ''
Fernando Alberto dos Santos Cardinal ( born 26 June 1985 ) , known simply as Cardinal , is a Portuguese professional futsal player who plays for Spanish club Inter Movistar and the Portugal national team .
Zigi received three nominations at the 2012 Ghana Music Awards for ' Best New Artiste of the Year ' , ' Afro - Pop Song of the Year ' and ' Most Popular Song of the Year ' .
Bernadine Oliver - Kerby ( born 14 June 1971 ) is a New Zealand broadcaster currently presenting the weekend bulletins of ONE News and newsreader for Newstalk ZB 's Mike Hosking Breakfast .
Bart Schneemann ( Melbourne , 1954 ) is a Dutch oboist , conductor , teacher and artistic director for the Netherlands Wind Ensemble .
Hubert Lepka ( born 1958 in Ried / Innkreis , Austria ) , choreographer , director .
Zamani Lekwot ( born 1944 ) is a retired Nigerian Army Major General who served as the Military Governor of Rivers State , Nigeria from July 1975 until July 1978 during the military administrations of Generals Murtala Muhammed and Olusegun Obasanjo .
Amjad Hussain ( Urdu : سيد امجد حسين‎‎ ; 1878 - -1961 ) , better known by the pen - name Amjad Hyderabadi ( امجد حيدرابادى ) , was an Urdu and Persian Ruba'i poet from Hyderabad , India .
Georg Quistgaard ( February 19 , 1915 - 20 or 21 May 1944 ) was one of 102 members of the Danish resistance to the German occupation of Denmark in World War II who were executed following a court - martial .
Kalle Parviainen ( born 3 October 1982 in Kuopio ) is a Finnish professional football striker who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side FC Inter in Finland .
Roilo Golez ( born January 9 , 1947 ) is a Philippine politician who last served his sixth term as Member of the Philippine House of Representatives representing the Second District of Parañaque City , one of the most industrialized districts of the Philippines .
Ridwan Kodiat , born July 11 , 1951 , the former consecutive national champion of the year 1972 to 1989 and was the first body builder from Indonesia to perform in international body building championship .
Jenny Geddes ( c. 1600 -- c. 1660 ) was a Scottish market - trader in Edinburgh , who is alleged to have thrown her stool at the head of the minister in St Giles ' Cathedral in objection to the first public use of the Anglican Book of Common Prayer in Scotland .
Jean - Yves Escoffier ( July 12 , 1950 -- April 1 , 2003 ) , was a French cinematographer who worked with Mehdi Norowzian , Jeanne Moreau for Air France , David Lynch for Nissan Motors , and on music videos , `` Hurt '' ( 2002 ) for Johnny Cash and Mark Romanek .
Marco Montelatici ( born August 25 , 1953 in Florence ) is a former shot putter from Italy .
Warren Kiamco is a Filipino professional pool player from Cebu , Philippines .
Pavel Dybenko was born in Lyudkovo village , Novozybkov uyezd , Chernigov guberniya , Imperial Russia ( now Novozybkov , Bryansk Oblast , Russia ) in a Ukrainian peasant family .
Samuel Jereton Mariere ( 1907 -- 9 May 1971 ) was the First Governor of the former Midwest State of Nigeria from Feb 1964 to Jan 1966 .
Maria Nowakowska ( born 14 March 1987 ) is a student from Legnica , Poland who was crowned Miss Polonia 2009 .
Dietmar Post ( born December 26 , 1962 in West Germany ) is a film director , producer and owner of a film and music label .
Ivan Merz promoted the liturgical movement in Croatia and together with Ivo Protulipac created a movement for the young people , `` The Croatian union of the Eagles '' ( `` Hrvatski orlovski savez ) '' , inspired by the `` Eucharistic Crusade , '' which he had encountered in France .
Paddy Carty ( 1929 - 1980 ) was a three - time all - Ireland champion Irish flute player from Loughrea , County Galway .
Bruno Giussani ( born in Switzerland in 1964 ) is the European director of TED and the curator and host of TEDGlobal conference and of other TED events .
Abdul Azeem ( born June 10 , 1960 , Hyderabad , India ) is a former cricketer .
Senapathy Gopalakrishnan , popularly known as Kris Gopalakrishnan , is the executive vice chairman ( former co - chairman ) of Infosys , a global consulting and IT services company based in India .
Giniel de Villiers ( born 25 March 1972 in Barrydale , South Africa ) is a South African racing and rally driver , best known for winning the 2009 Dakar Rally .
Amado Aguirre Santiago ( b. San Sebastián , Jalisco , February 3 or 8 , 1863 -- Mexico City , August 22 , 1949 ) was a Mexican general and politician .
David Keddie ( 1945 - -2011 ) was a football ( soccer ) player who represented Australia twice in B internationals .
Baik Bong wrote the official biography of Kim Il - sung published in the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) , also known as North Korea .
Cleto Bellucci was born in Ancona , Italy and ordained a priest on January 27 , 1946 .
Herewini Rangi is a New Zealand rugby league coach and former player who played one match in the National Rugby League .
Olukayode Ariwoola is a Nigerian jurist and Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria .
Hacène Lalmas ( Arabic : حسان لالماس‎ ) ( born March 12 , 1943 in Algiers , Algeria ) is a former Algerian football player .
Dieter Quester ( born May 30 , 1939 in Vienna ) is an active touring car racing driver from Austria .
Petar Živković ( Cyrillic script : Петар Живковић ; 1 January 1879 -- 3 February 1947 ) was a Serbian soldier and political figure in Yugoslavia .
Miss Davis ( c.1726 -- after 1755 ) was an Irish singer , musician and composer , born in Dublin , Ireland .
Mohammad Shams Langeroodi ( Persian : شمس لنگرودی‎ ) ( born November 17 , 1950 in Langerood , Iran ) is a contemporary Iranian poet , author and university lecturer .
Neta Doris Neale ( 1904 - -1988 ) was a New Zealand theatre director and speech and drama teacher .
Tony Kuepfer ( born 1947 in Portland , Oregon ) is an American - New Zealand glass artist .
Mambillikalathil Govind Kumar Menon , FRS ( born 28 August 1928 ) , also known as M. G. K. Menon , is a physicist and policy maker from India .
After the war , his diaries and flying logs were compiled into a book by Andre Dezarrois which was published in France in 1949 as `` Les carnets de René Mouchotte , 1940 - 1943 '' and later as `` Mes carnets : juin 1940-août 1943 '' .
Volker Spengler ( born 1939 , Bremen , Germany ) is a German actor who was one of Rainer Werner Fassbinder 's key collaborators .
Áine Minogue ( born 27 May 1977 ) is a harpist born in Borrisokane , County Tipperary , Ireland , now living in New England in the U.S.A. She plays the Irish harp and sings .
Sujata Sridhar ( Tamil : சுஜாதா ஸ்ரீதர் ; b. 25 December 1961 ) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India .
Margaret McKenzie ( c.1839 -- 13 February 1925 ) was a New Zealand homemaker .
Silvio Nicoladelli , known as Sílvio Criciúma ( born September 7 , 1971 in Orleans , Santa Catarina , Brazil ) , is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) manager .
Shahin Najafi ( Persian : شاهین نجفی ) ( born in 1980 in Bandar - e Anzali , Gilan , Iran ) is an Iranian musician , singer and songwriter currently residing in Germany .
August Nybergh ( August 20 , 1851 in Heinola -- December 5 , 1920 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish jurist , senator in the Grand Duchy of Finland , Member of Parliament and the first president of the Supreme Court of Finland .
Roberto Abenia Uliaque ( born November 8 , 1972 in Zaragoza ) is a goalball athlete from Spain .
Jean - Bertrand Aristide ( born 15 July 1953 ) is a Haitian politician who became Haiti 's first democratically elected president .
Julio Breff ( born Julio Breff y Guilarte December 8 , 1958 in Los Cacaos , Sagua de Tánamo , Cuba ) is a self - taught Cuban painter .
Paul Bourget was born in Amiens in the Somme département of Picardy , France .
Emiliano Sciarra ( born December 6 , 1971 in Civitavecchia , Rome , Italy ) is a game designer of board games , card games and videogames .
Felicity Dowker is a speculative fiction writer from Victoria , Australia .
Childéric Muller ( born 3 April 1963 in Marseille , France ) is a former French television host and pop star .
Guido Kratschmer ( born 10 January 1953 in Klotzenhof , Germany ) is a retired West German decathlete .
Lorne Taylor ( born 1944 ) is a former tenured professor and member of the provincial legislature of Alberta , Canada .
Seksan Chaothonglang ( Thai : เสกสันต์ ชาวทองหลาง , born 10 September 1983 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
After a tour in France , Eilera ended her collaboration with Loïc Tézénas and she moved to Finland permanently , in order to write the next chapter of her story .
Denny Sumargo is a basketball player for Indonesia 's basketball national team .
Izaak van den Blocke or Isaak van den Blocke ( 1574 , Mechelen or Königsberg - 1626 , Danzig ) was a painter of Flemish descent who spent his active career in Poland .
Beatriz Zaneratto João ( born 17 December 1993 ) , commonly known as Beatriz or Bia , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Korean WK League club Hyundai Red Angels and the Brazil national team .
Gabriel Rangel ( born August 8 , 1987 in Totomoxtla , Puebla , Mexico ) is a Mexican boxer in the Featherweight division and his nickname is `` El Cadete '' .
Vasiliev Nini ( born 1954 in Gjirokastra , Albania ) is an Albanian - born American sculptor who lives in Columbus , Ohio .
Joe Barbieri ( born December 14 , 1973 , Naples , Italy ) is a singer , songwriter and producer .
Victor Lar is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Plateau South constituency of Plateau State , Nigeria in the April 2011 national elections .
Ignacio Berroa ( born 8 July 1953 in Havana , Cuba ) is a jazz drummer .
Mfuneko Ngam ( born 29 January 1979 ) is a South African cricketer who played three Tests for South Africa in the 2000 - -01 season .
Bharatha Lakshman Premachandra ( Sinhala : භාරත ලක්ෂ්මන් ප්‍රේමචන්ද්‍ර ) ( 26 January 1956 -- 8 October 2011 ) was a Sri Lankan politician a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and Adviser ( Trade Unions ) to President Mahinda Rajapaksa .
Andrés Gutiérrez Vera ( born July 8 , 1993 in Querétaro , Querétaro , Mexico ) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer .
Irene Zazians ( Armenian : Իրեն Զազյանց ; Persian : ایرن زازیانس‎‎ ; August 20 , 1927 -- July 28 , 2012 ) , best known as Iren in Iran , was an Iranian - Armenian actress .
Guy - Manuel de Homem - Christo was born in the Paris , France suburb of Neuilly - sur - Seine .
Two Centuries Of German - speaking Jews in the United Kingdom edited by Werner E. Mosse , Julius Carlebach , Gerhard Hirschfeld , Aubrey Newman , Arnold Paucker , Peter Pulzer , J.C.B. Mohr , London , 1991 .
Ong Hock Thye a Malaysian judge on the Courts of Malaysia .
In 1968 Joop ter Heul was the title of a film in the Netherlands based on the Marxveldt character .
Jean - Baptiste Hébert ( September 19 , 1779 -- June 15 , 1863 ) was a merchant , farmer , master carpenter and political figure in Lower Canada .
Marcel Boekhoorn ( born 30 October 1959 , Nijmegen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch investor with a wide array of business interests .
Thiruvizha Jayashankar ( born 1940 ) is an Indian classical musician and a well known Nadaswaram expert in South India .
Arko Datta ( born 1969 ) is an award - winning photojournalist from India .
Patrick Tabeling is a french physicist , microfluidics pioneer in France , professor at the École supérieure de physique et de chimie industrielles de la ville de Paris ( ESPCI ParisTech ) .
Julij Feldesi was born in Sobrance , in the Ung County of the Kingdom of Hungary ( present - day Slovakia ) .
Phadeppa Dareppa Chaugule ( 1902 -- 1952 ) was India 's first Olympic marathon runner .
Handry Satriago ( born in Riau , Pekanbaru on June 13 , 1969 ) is the CEO of General Electric Indonesia .
Robert Atherton Edwin , ( 16 August 1839 -- 15 July 1911 ) was a noted meteorologist and weather forecaster who was instrumental in the establishment of the New Zealand Meteorological Office .
Rob Meppelink ( born 18 January 1966 in Wateringen ) is a former amateur football player from Netherlands .
Charles Losper ( born 18 March 1969 in Cape Town ) is a darts player from South Africa .
Beppo Levi was born on May 14 , 1875 , in Turin , Italy , and he was an older brother of Eugenio Elia Levi .
Natasha den Ouden ( born 1973 ) is a former cyclist from the Netherlands .
Matthew David Lambert ( born 6 May 1977 ) , better known by his stage name Suffa , is one of the MCs of the Adelaide , Australia , hip hop group Hilltop Hoods .
Amado Tame Shear ( born April 8 , 1927 , Mexico City ) , is a Mexican politician .
Nguyễn Quốc Cường ( born 1952 ) is the People 's Council Chairman of Bắc Giang Province of Vietnam .
Elizabeth Maria Molteno ( Betty ) ( 24 September 1852 -- 25 August 1927 ) , was a prominent early advocate of civil and women 's rights in South Africa .
Percy Reginald Dix ( 17 November 1866 - -13 March 1917 ) was a New Zealand tea merchant and vaudeville company manager .
Imtiaz Bhatti born ( 18 April 1933 ) in Gujrat , British India is a cyclist and a former Air Force pilot of Pakistan .
Adam Piłsudski ( 1869 - 1935 ) was a member of the Senate of Poland , vice president of Wilno , brother of the famous Józef Piłsudski .
Raimundo Pereira ( born 1956 ) is a Guinea - Bissauan lawyer and politician who was interim President of Guinea - Bissau from 3 March 2009 to 8 September 2009 and again in 2012 , following the departure of President Malam Bacai Sanhá for medical treatment abroad ; he continued in that capacity after Sanha 's death .
Jaya Indravarman IV was the king of Champa , a former region located within modern - day Vietnam , from 1167 - -1192 .
Jahongir Ergashev ( born 6 March 1994 ) is a Tajik footballer who plays as a striker for FK Khujand , on loan from FC Istiklol , and the Tajikistan national team
Nujood Ali ( نجود علي ) ( born 1998 ) is a central figure in Yemen 's movement against forced marriage and child marriage .
Rody Mirri ( born 15 December 1952 in Trento , Italy ) is a business manager , author , and TV producer .
Vangjush Dako is the current mayor of the city of Durrës , Albania .
Anthony Neuberger is an academic in the United Kingdom , currently Professor of Finance at the University of Warwick .
Piotr Gajewski , a native of Poland , is the founder , artistic director and conductor of the National Philharmonic Orchestra of Washington , D.C. , United States , currently in residence at the Music Center at Strathmore in Rockville , Maryland .
Leandro Machado ( born March 22 , 1976 , in Santo Amaro da Imperatriz , Santa Catarina , Brazil ) , is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a striker .
Pierre - Félix Lagrange was born on January 22 , 1857 in Soumensac , département lot - et - Garonne , France .
Cora Mildred Maris Clark ( 3 March 1885 -- 30 June 1967 ) was a New Zealand hockey player and administrator , nurse .
Andrei Boncea ( born February 6 , 1972 in Suici , Argeş , Romania ) is a Romanian film producer , and since 1998 General Director of MediaPro Pictures , one of the leading film and television studios in Eastern Europe .
Fatih Akyel ( born 26 December 1977 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish football manager and former international footballer , who currently works as manager for Gümüşhanespor .
Grégoire Puel ( born 20 February 1992 in Nice , France ) is a French footballer who currently plays for French Le Havre AC . He plays as right back .
Abdul Karim al - Anizi is an Iraqi politician and a member of the National Assembly of Iraq , representing Islamic Dawa Party - Iraq Organisation , the fifth largest party within the ruling United Iraqi Alliance coalition .
Gerard Salonga ( born October 11 , 1973 ) is a conductor , musical arranger , orchestrator and musical director from the Philippines .
Dhanushka Jayakody ( born July 18 , 1981 in Colombo , Sri Lanka ) is one of the most prominent business consultants to emerge from Sri Lanka .
Betong Sumaya ( born John Martin G. Sumaya Jr ) is a journalist , director , TV host , actor & comedian in the Philippines .
Bernard Courtois , also spelled Barnard Courtois , ( 12 February 1777 - -27 September 1838 ) was a French chemist born in Dijon , France .
Alv Knutsson held over 276 farms in east and south Norway .
Dianne Macaskill was the Chief Executive and Chief Archivist of Archives New Zealand .
Rhea Santos - de Guzman ( born June 1 , 1979 ) is a broadcast journalist , Host and newscaster in the Philippines .
One of the greatest ever strikers in the League of Ireland Mick Leech made 6 appearances in European competition for the Hoops .
Gert Vande Broek ( born 28 February 1967 ) is a Belgian volleyball coach He is the coach of the Belgium women 's national volleyball team that competed at the 2015 Women 's European Volleyball Championship .
George Frederic Allen ( 15 February 1837 - -28 February 1929 ) was a New Zealand architect , surveyor , teacher and tourist guide .
Bernd Hüttemann ( born December 8 , 1970 in Paderborn ) is Vice President of the European Movement International and Secretary General of the European Movement Germany .
Ahmadreza Ahmadi ( Persian : احمدرضا احمدی ) is an Iranian poet and screenwriter . The history of Persian modern poetry calls him the founder of New Wave Poetry in Iran .
Celestina Popa - Toma ( born 12 July 1970 in Ploieşti , Romania ) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast , who competed in international events between 1985 and 1988 .
Jeganathan , also known as Jegan , ( born on 28 October 1956 in Thondaimanaru ) was one of the members of former Tamil militant organization TELO from Sri Lanka .
Lugaid Riab nDerg ( `` the red - striped '' ) or Réoderg ( `` Red Sky '' ) , son of the three findemna , triplet sons of Eochu Feidlech , and their sister Clothru was , according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition , a High King of Ireland .
Lalit Narayan Mishra ( 2 February 1923 -- 3 January 1975 ) was Minister of Railways in the government of India from 1973 to 1975 .
Adel Aljabrin ( Arabic : عادل الجبرين ; born 5 January 1968 ) is an archer from the Saudi Arabia .
Woldai Futur ( alt . Wolday ) is the first Minister of National Development of Eritrea .
Carlos Athié ( born Carlos Harfuch Álvarez ; on February 27 , 1987 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican actor , model and TV presenter .
Luciano da Fontoura Costa ( born December 1962 in São Carlos , SP , Brazil ) is a full professor at the Institute of Physics at São Carlos , University of São Paulo , where he coordinates the Multidisciplinary Computing Group .
Arnfinn Bergmann ( 14 October 1928 -- 13 February 2011 ) was a ski jumper from Norway .
Tivadar Farkasházy ( nickname `` Teddy '' ) ( born December 15 , 1945 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian humorist , author , and journalist .
Cleavon Frendo ( born 1 July 1985 in Pietà , Malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Sliema Wanderers , where he plays as a winger .
H. Dada Rosada ( alternatively Kang Dada ) , is the former mayor of Bandung City , West Java , Indonesia .
Anne Mather is the pseudonym used by Mildred Grieveson ( born 10 October 1946 in England , United Kingdom ) , a popular British author of over 160 romance novels .
Ibrahim Alma ( Arabic : ابراهيم عالمة ‎ ) ( born 18 October 1991 in Homs , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Ajit Prasad Jain ( 1902 - -1977 ) was a former President of the U. P. Congress Committee , member of the Constituent Assembly , Union minister and Governor of Kerala from Saharanpur , in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Second Lieutenant Arun Khetarpal , PVC ( 14 October 1950 -- 16 December 1971 ) born in Pune , Maharashtra , was an officer of the Indian Army and a posthumous recipient of the Param Vir Chakra , India 's highest military decoration for valour in face of the enemy .
Te Hata Tipoki ( 1880 - -1940 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and land rights activist .
Born in the neighboring West African country of Senegal , Abdul Injai initially came to notice while assisting in the punitive military missions of Portuguese colonialists Oliveira Musanty and Teixeira Pinto , from 1905 to 1915 .
Sriarpha Ruennak ( Thai : ศรีอาภา เรือนนาค ; rtgs : Si - a - pha Rueannak ) is a Thai voice actress affiliated with Modernine TV , Rose Media and Entertainment and many other company of Thailand .
Mohammed Abdullah Azam is a citizen of the United Kingdom who was charged under its counter - terrorism laws in 2002 , and convicted in 2003 .
Patrick Purcell ( May 1 , 1833 -- May 1 , 1891 ) was a railway contractor and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Christian Sivebæk ( born 19 February 1988 ) is a Danish professional footballer who currently plays for Vejle BK , on loan from Viborg FF . He is son of the former Denmark international , John Sivebæk .
Anak Agung Gde Sobrat ( 1912 - -1992 ) was a painter in Indonesia .
Kaoklai Kaennorsing was born as Athit DamKam in the heart of the Northeastern Thailand , in the city of Khon Kaen .
Akhtar Jamal ( Urdu : اختر جمال‎ ) , is the founder and editor - in - chief of Pakistan Press Agency(PPA ) and Tele - Visual Infolink .
Mwandawiro Mghanga is a Kenyan politician , who serves as Chairperson of the Social Democratic Party of Kenya .
Johann Mühlegg ( born 8 November 1970 in Ostallgäu , Germany ) is a former top level cross - country skier who competed in international competitions first representing Germany and then Spain , after becoming a Spanish citizen in 1999 .
Bernard Bernard ( 21 July 1821 in Mogues , France -- 1895 ) was a French Catholic priest and missionary in Norway , Iceland and Scotland .
Nikolaus Hofreiter ( born 8 May 1904 in Linz , Upper Austria , Austria ; died 23 January 1990 ) was an Austrian mathematician who worked mainly in number theory .
Marek Tomana ( born 23 September 1979 in Slovakia ) is a professional footballer who is currently Chief Scout at Stirling Albion Marek Tomana played for Tatran Prešov before signing for Stirling Albion .
Lui Shtini ( born 1978 , in Kavajë , Albania ) is an artist , currently living and working in New York .
Silvia Sommer was born in Vienna , Austria , and studied piano with Marianne Lauda at the music academy in Vienna .
Marco Evaristti ( born 1963 ) is a Chilean artist who has lived in Denmark since the 1980s .
Yon Hyong - muk , also spelt as Yong Hyong - muk ( November 3 , 1931 -- October 23 , 2005 ) was a longserving politician in North Korea and at the height of his career the most powerful person in that country outside the Kim family .
Vuyani Bungu ( born 26 February 1967 in Mdantsane , South Africa ) was a professional boxer .
Jean Damphousse ( born June 24 , 1952 in Saint - Paulin , Quebec ) is a politician from Quebec , Canada .
Percival Norton Johnson ( 1792 - 1866 ) was the founder of Johnson Matthey , the United Kingdom 's largest precious metals business .
Nordine Zouareg was born in Algeria to Bedouin parents in the back of a French army truck .
Apabad is a 2012 Nepal Drama film directed by Subash Koirala and starring Rajballav Koirala , Nisha Adhikari , Rabi Giri and Bijaya Giri .
Sabich salad ( Hebrew : סלט סביח translated : Salat Sabich ) is a salad invented in Israel , a rural variation of the Israeli dish Sabich but serves as a salad and not the well known dish within the pita bread .
Portrait of an Unknown Woman , also known as The Unknown Woman , An Unknown Lady or Stranger ( Russian : Неизвестная , tr . Neizvestnaya ) is a painting by the Russian artist Ivan Kramskoi , executed in 1883 .
Rainy Taxi ( 1938 ) , also known as Mannequin Rotting in a Taxi - Cab , is a three - dimensional artwork created by Salvador Dalí , consisting of an actual automobile with two mannequin occupants .
Sir John de Soules ( or de Soulis or Soules ) ( died 1310 ) was Guardian of Scotland from 1301 to 1304 , at a crucial period in the Wars of Scottish Independence .
Col . Harold Arthur Guy OBE ( April 1898 -- 1980 ) , was a British Motor car dealer and Liberal Party politician .
Anthony Bottrall ( 15 May 1938 -- 16 December 2014 ) was a British diplomat , expert in developmental agriculture and a Liberal Democrat , Lambeth London Borough Council , Stockwell ward politician .
Colonel Albert Brassey ( 22 February 1844 -- 7 January 1918 ) was a British rower , soldier and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1895 to 1906 .
Charmian May ( 16 June 1937 -- 24 October 2002 ) was an English actress who appeared in The Good Life , Keeping Up Appearances and Bridget Jones 's Diary .
William Rich Hutton ( March 21 , 1826 -- December 11 , 1901 ) was a surveyor and artist who became an architect and civil engineer in Maryland and New York in the latter half of the 19th century .
Ella Freeman Sharpe ( 1875 - -1947 ) was a leading figure in the early development of psychoanalysis in Britain , and was among the most influential of the first British training analysts .
Paul of the Cross ( 3 January 1694 -- 18 October 1775 ) was an Italian mystic , and founder of the Passionists .
Tadhg Ó Caiside , Gaelic - Irish physician and Chief of the Name , died 1450 .
Sir John de Mowbray , 3rd Duke of Norfolk KG Earl Marshal ( 12 September 1415 -- 6 November 1461 ) was an important player in the Wars of the Roses .
Benjamin Lafayette Jefferson ( October 26 , 1871 - -1950 ) in 1913 was United States Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of Nicaragua appointed by Woodrow Wilson .
Rudy Lozano ( July 17 , 1951 - -June 8 , 1983 ) was an activist and community organizer in Chicago , Illinois .
Hieronim Ossoliński , ( born ? -- died 1575 or 1576 ) , coat of arms Topór , was a Polish statesman , kasztelan of Sandomierz and Wojnicz , a delegate to the Sejm of 1569 and one of the signatories of the Union of Lublin , which formally united Poland and Lithuania into the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Atalante Migliorotti ( Florence , 1466 - 1532 ) was an Italian Renaissance musician , instrument maker and assistant de Leonardo da Vinci .
Robert Charles Moon ( 1844 - -1914 ) was an ophthalmologist who practiced medicine in England and the United States .
Pat O'Loughlin ( 29 October 1873 -- 14 August 1956 ) was an Australian rules football player at the Essendon Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Lucille Kahn ( 1902 - -1995 ) was a successful Broadway stage actress who became notable in the 1950s and 1960s for her advocacy and support for efforts to expand human consciousness .
Duncan McIvor ( 11 November 1884 -- 18 November 1930 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Marko Gerbec ( 24 October 1658 -- 9 March 1718 ; Latinized : Marcus Gerbezius ) was a Carniolan physician and scientist , notable as the founder of modern medicine among the Slovenes and for the first description of Adams--
Lady Frances Radclyffe ( died 1602 ) was an English noblewoman , who early in the reign of Queen Elizabeth I of England became one of her Maids of Honour .
Gérard Bitsindou ( 15 November 1941 -- 26 August 2012 ) was a Congolese political figure who was President of the Constitutional Court of Congo - Brazzaville from 2003 to 2012 .
Leopold Greenwald ( 1888 - -1955 ) , also known as `` Yekuthiel Yehuda '' Greenwald , was a prominent United States Orthodox rabbi .
Chen Daqi ( 1886 - -1983 ) , or Ch'en Ta - ch'i , was a polymath , politician and pioneer of modern psychology in China .
Kashibai Kanitkar ( Marathi : काशीबाई कानिटकर ) ( 1861 - -1948 ) was the first major woman writer in Marathi from Maharashtra , India since the 15th century `` sant '' poet Kanhopatra .
Harden Dean ( 13 October 1913 -- 23 August 1982 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John Erskine of Dun ( 1509 - -1591 ) was a Scottish religious reformer .
Matthew Pilkington ( 1701 - -1774 ) was the author of a standard text on painters , that would become known as Pilkington 's Dictionary .
Marcus Antonius Antimachus , also written Mark Antony Antimaco or Marcantonio Antimaco ( c. 1473 -- 1552 ) , was an Italian who mainly taught and translated Greek .
Ole Dehli ( 8 May 1851 -- 27 February 1924 ) was a Norwegian jurist and organizational leader .
James Chuter Ede , Baron Chuter - Ede CH PC JP DL ( 11 September 1882 -- 11 November 1965 ) was a British teacher , trade unionist and Labour politician .
John Murray Gibbon ( 12 April 1875 -- 2 July 1952 ) was a Scottish Canadian writer and cultural promoter .
Paolo Venini ( 1895 -- 1959 ) emerged as one of the leading figures in the production of Murano glass and an important contributor to twentieth - century design .
Sydney Denis Preston ( 16 November 1916 -- 1979 ) was a British record producer and music critic .
James Burton Robertson ( b. in London 15 Nov. , 1800 ; d. Dublin 14 Feb. , 1877 ) was a historian .
Joseph Finch Fenn ( 1820 , Travancore -- 1884 ) was an English clergyman , honorary canon of Gloucester .
José de Jesús Noé ( 1805 , Puebla , Mexico - 17 March 1862 , San Francisco ) was the last Mexican alcalde of Yerba Buena , which was renamed San Francisco after the conclusion of the Mexican - American War in 1846 .
Dionysius I Telmaharoyo ( Latin : Dionysius Telmaharensis ) was the Patriarch of Antioch , and head of the Syriac Orthodox Church from 818 until his death in 845 .
Owl Woman ( Cheyenne name : Mis - stan - stur ) ( died 1847 ) , was a Cheyenne princess .
Alfred Fryer ( 25 December 1826 Cambridgeshire - 26 February 1912 Chatteris , Cambridgeshire ) , was an English naturalist and authority on the pond weeds or Potamogetons .
Joseph Fels ( 1853 - -1914 ) was an American soap manufacturer , millionaire , and philanthropist .
Ainsworth Rand Spofford ( 12 September 1825 -- 11 August 1908 ) was an American journalist and publisher .
Stanley Mitchell ( 12 March 1932 , Clapton , London -- 16 October 2011 , Highbury , London ) was a British translator , academic , and author , noted for his English verse translation of Alexander Pushkin 's Russian verse novel Eugene Onegin .
Dinanath Gopal Tendulkar ( 1909 - -1971 ) was an Indian writer and documentary film maker .
Guido Cominotto ( Venice , 4 October 1901 - 9 March 1967 ) was an Italian sprinter ( 400 m)and middle distance runner ( 800 m ) .
Bhausaheb Ubale , O.Ont ( b. 1936 in the Satara district , Maharashtra , India -- d. 14 March 2012 , Pune , India ) was an Indian - born Canadian human rights activist .
Jack H. Haverly ( 1837 - 1901 ) or J. H. Haverly was an entrepreneur and promoter of blackface minstrel shows .
Wilhelm Rollmann ( 5 August 1907 -- 5 November 1943 ) was a Fregattenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II , in which he commanded the U - boats U-34 and U-848 .
Benjamin West Clinedinst ( 14 October 1859 -- 12 September 1931 ) was an American illustrator and painter .
József Bozsik ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈjoːʒɛf ˈboʒik ) ; 28 November 1925 -- 31 May 1978 ) was a Hungarian footballer .
Tecwyn Roberts ( 10 October 1925 -- 27 December 1988 ) was a Welsh - born American spaceflight engineer who in the 1960s played important roles in designing the Mission Control Center at NASA 's Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas and creating NASA 's worldwide tracking and communications network .
Childeric II ( c. 653 -- 675 ) was the king of Austrasia from 662 and of Neustria and Burgundy from 673 until his death , making him sole King of the Franks for the final two years of his life .
Sebastian Harrison ( 12 March 1860 - 19 November 1930 ) was a French art déco architect , and artist , dividing his time between city planning and painting pictures , both centering on the art déco style .
Dáithí Ó Conaill ( 1938 -- 1 January 1991 ) was an Irish republican , a member of the IRA Army Council , and vice - president of Sinn Féin and Republican Sinn Féin .
The Teng Chun ( Chinese : 鄭丁春 ; pinyin : Zhèng Dīngchūn ; 18 June 1902 -- 25 February 1977 ) , also known by his Indonesian name Tahyar Idris , was a Chinese Indonesian film producer .
Giovanni Francesco Bassotti ( 1600 in Assisi -- 1665 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
George Foggo ( 1793 - -1869 ) was a historical painter , born in London on 14 April 1793 .
Jacinto Regino Pachano ( born 1835 - -1903 ) was a Venezuelan militar , writer and politician .
Captain John Baptiste Ford ( November 17 , 1811 - -May 1 , 1903 ) was an American industrialist and founder of the Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company , now known as PPG Industries , based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Thomas Harvey Johnston ( 9 December 1881 -- 30 August 1951 ) was an Australian biologist and parasitologist .
Mary Alicia Owen ( 1850?--1935 ) was a folklore collector of Missouri who compiled several works of local legend and voodoo .
Axel Palmgren ( 3 March 1867 , Helsinki - 19 February 1939 ) was a Finnish lawyer , civil servant , business executive and politician .
Gene Dyker ( February 2 , 1930 -- January , 1966 ) was a forward in the National Basketball Association .
Elias Sydall ( 1672 - -1733 ) was an English bishop of St David 's and bishop of Gloucester .
William McWilliam O'Brien , 4th Earl of Inchiquin , KB , PC(I ) ( 1700 -- 18 July 1777 ) was an Irish peer and politician .
The Hidden ( Catalan : L'Encobert , Spanish : El Encubierto , `` The Hidden / Shrouded ( One ) '' ) ( d. 1522 ) was a mysterious and charismatic leader of the remnants of the rebels in the last stages of the Revolt of the Brotherhoods in Aragon .
Melbourne Johns ( 1901 -- 1955 ) was a Welsh munitions factory worker who became known for having taken part in a World War II mission in France aimed at retrieving several pieces of machinery of military strategic value ahead of the German invasion .
Elizabeth Griffith ( née Griffith ) ( 1727 -- 5 January 1793 ) , sometimes also credited Elizabeth Griffiths , was an 18th - century Irish dramatist , fiction writer , essayist and actress .
Albert Henry Collings , RBA ( 1868 -- 6 May 1947 ) was an English artist most notable for his portraiture .
Manhar Bhagatram ( b. 22 October 1938 ; d 20 - 6 - 2003 ) was an Indian politician from Chhattisgarh belong to Indian National Congress .
Zithulele Sinqe ( 9 June 1963 -- 22 December 2011 ) was a South African long distance runner .
Giovanni Battista Fornovo ( 1521 - -1575 ) was an Italian architect , active in a late - Renaissance style in Parma .
Stephen Popham ( 5 July 1745 -- 13 June 1795 ) was a British politician and solicitor who is remembered for improving the residential locality of Georgetown in the city of Chennai , India and reforming the civic and police administration .
Chauncy Townsend ( 23 February 1708 -- 28 March 1770 ) was a businessman and a Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the British Parliament .
Oliver Lanard Fassig ( 1860 - -1936 ) was an American meteorologist and climatologist who worked for the United States Weather Bureau initially as part of the Signal Corps of the United States War Department and later affiliated with the United States Department of Agriculture .
Colonel Ian Lapraik , DSO , OBE , MC & Bar , TD , ( 13 September 1915 -- 15 March 1985 ) was a distinguished officer in the Special Air Service Regiment , despite potentially crippling childhood illness .
Jeanne Dumée ( born Paris 1660 ; died 1706 ) was a French astronomer and author .
Herbert Melville Guest ( 29 January 1853 -- 29 June 1938 ) was an author , newspaper owner and politician of the Transvaal .
Henry McGee ( 14 May 1929 -- 28 January 2006 ) was a British actor , best known as straight man to Benny Hill for many years .
Malik - Shah III ( died 1160 ) ruled as Sultan of Great Seljuq from 1152 - 53 .
Henry Essex Edgeworth ( 1745 -- 22 May 1807 ) , also known as L'Abbé Edgeworth de Firmont , was an Irish Catholic priest and confessor of Louis XVI .
Jonathan Lindley ( 1756 - -1828 ) was an 18th - century member of the North Carolina legislature , land speculator , and one of the original settlers of Orange County , Indiana .
Francis Augustus Cox ( 1783 - -1853 ) was a prominent English Baptist minister .
Kate Buchdahl ( 30 September 1964 -- 10 December 1992 ) was a classically trained , Australian - born , violinist .
Aedanus Burke ( 16 June 1743 -- 30 March 1802 ) was a soldier , judge , and United States Representative from South Carolina .
John Miller Gray ( 1850 - 1894 ) was a Scottish art critic and the first curator of the Scottish National Portrait Gallery .
Jack Coolahan ( 22 August 1914 -- 22 April 1988 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Horace Goldin ( 17 December 1873 -- 22 April 1939 ) was a stage magician who was noted for his lightning fast presentation style and who achieved international fame with his versions of the Sawing a woman in half illusion .
Elizabeth Jesser Reid ( 25 December 1789 - 1 April 1866 ) , was an English social reformer , anti - slavery activist and philanthropist .
Norman Pentland ( 9 September 1912 -- 28 October 1972 ) was a British Labour Member of Parliament for Chester - le - Street .
Carl Johann Philipp Noé Richard Anschütz FRSE ( Hon ) ( 10 March 1852 -- 8 January 1937 ) was a German organic chemist .
Colonel Peter Gerahty CBE ( 1 September 1921 -- 15 November 2013 ) was one of the last surviving British Army officers to have served with 6th Airborne Division in Operation Varsity on 24 March 1945 : the largest airborne operation in the history of warfare , part of Operation Plunder : the Rhine Crossing in March 1945 .
John Hothby ( Otteby , Hocby , Octobi , Ottobi , c. 1410 - 1487 ) , also known by his Latinised names Johannes Ottobi or Johannes de Londonis , was an English Renaissance composer and musical theorist who travelled widely in Europe and gained an international reputation for his work .
Sir Thomas Gower , 1st Baronet of Stittenham ( 1584 - -1651 ) was an early member of the Leveson - Gower family .
Pedro Segura y Sáenz ( 4 December 1880 - -8 April 1957 ) was a Spanish Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Toledo from 1927 to 1931 , and Archbishop of Seville from 1937 until his death .
Saint Ida of Herzfeld ( c. 788 -- c. 825 ) was the widow of a Saxon duke who devoted her life to the poor following the death of her husband in 811 .
Ch . Sarup Singh ( 6 October 1919 -- 23 August 2009 ) was an Indian legislator .
Baldwin Hamey the Elder , M.D. , also Baudouin Hamey ( 1568 - -1640 ) was a Flemish physician who settled in London .
Eugène Durocher ( 27 August 1881 -- 10 May 1944 ) was a Canadian politician , serving in municipal and national politics .
Joseph Gouge Greenwood ( 1821 - -1894 ) was an English classical scholar , second principal of Owens College , Manchester , and vice - chancellor of the Victoria University , Manchester .
Francesco Corneliani ( 1740 - 1815 ) was an Italian painter , mainly active in a Neoclassic style in his native Milan .
Richard Ash Kingsford ( 1821 - -1902 ) was an alderman and mayor of Brisbane Municipal Council , a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland , Australia , and a mayor of Cairns , Queensland .
Edward Sturgis Ingraham ( April ? , 1852 - -August 16 ? , 1926 ) was the first superintendent of the Seattle Public Schools , a noted mountaineer who climbed Mount Rainier 13 times , and a leader in the effort to establish Mount Rainier National Park .
Robert Haggiag ( 1913 -- 1 March 2009 ) was an American film producer .
Zhang Ziqian ( simplified Chinese : 张子谦 ; traditional Chinese : 張子謙 , 1899 - -1991 ) , a famous seven - string zither qin player , was born in Yangzhou , Jiangsu Province , Qing .
Wick R. Miller ( 1932 - -1994 ) was an American linguist most well known for his work on Keresan languages and Uto - Aztecan , especially Shoshoni and Guarijio .
Otto Gebühr ( 29 May 1877 -- 14 March 1954 ) was a German theatre and film actor , who appeared in 102 films released between 1917 and 1954 .
Jean - Baptiste Collin de Sussy ( 1 January 1750 - 7 July 1826 ) was a senior official and politician .
Alonso de Fonseca y Ulloa ( also Alonso I de Fonseca)(died 1473 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Seville ( 1454 - 1465 and 1469 - 1473 ) , Archbishop of Santiago de Compostela ( 1465 - 1469 ) , and Bishop of Ávila ( 1545 - 1454 ) .
Prince George of Denmark and Norway , Duke of Cumberland ( Danish : Jørgen ; 2 April 1653 -- 28 October 1708 ) , was the husband of Queen Anne , who reigned over Great Britain from 1702 .
Gwenllian of Wales or Gwenllian ferch Llywelyn ( June 1282 -- 7 June 1337 ) was the only child of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd , the last native Prince of Wales ( Welsh : Tywysog Cymru ) .
Giovanni Rossignoli ( 3 December 1882 -- 27 June 1954 ) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer who won 3 Giro d'Italia stages during his career .
George Barnston ( c. 1800 -- 14 March 1883 ) was a fur trader and a naturalist born in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Sir William Campbell Wylie ( 14 May 1905 -- August 1992 ) was a New Zealand born colonial judge who was the last Chief Justice of Sarawak , North Borneo and Brunei and the first Chief Justice of Borneo .
Odette Kahn ( 1923 - -1982 ) was a leading authority on wine and editor of the La Revue du vin de France ( Review of French wine ) and of Cuisine et Vins de France ( Food and Wines of France ) .
Andrej Brázda - Jankovský ( or Andrej Brázda ) ( 26 July 1915 -- 2008 ) was a Canadian - based writer who wrote in the Slovak language .
General Tapishwar Narain Raina ( 1921 -- 19 May 1980 ) was the Chief of the Army Staff of the Indian Army during 1975 - -78 .
Professor Radha Krishna Choudhary ( 15 February 1921 - 15 March 1985 ) was a historian , thinker and writer of Bihar .
Marjorie Hillis ( 1889 - 1971 ) was an American author of popular nonfiction books for women in the 1930s .
Robert Millner Shackleton FRS ( 30 December 1909 -- 3 May 2001 ) was a British field geologist who developed an interest in the geology of East Africa .
Henrietta Greville MBE , née Wyse ( 9 October 1861 -- 29 August 1964 ) was an Australian labour organiser and one of the first women to run for the Australian Parliament with major party endorsement .
Thomas Bland Strange ( 15 September 1831 -- 9 July 1925 ) , known as ' Gunner Jingo ' , was a British soldier noted for his service with the Canadian militia during the North - West Rebellion of 1885 .
Faithful Teate ( c. 1626 -- 1666 ) was a Protestant clergyman and poet from County Cavan , Ireland .
Rajadhiraja Chola II ( 1166 - -1178 CE ) reigned as the Chola king succeeding Rajaraja Chola II . According to historian N. Sethuraman , Rajadhiraja was not the direct descendant of Rajaraja Chola II but was a son of his sister .
Lionel Charles Knights ( 15 May 1906 -- 8 March 1997 ) was an English literary critic , an authority on Shakespeare and his period .
Jack Randle ( 23 August 1902 -- May 1990 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a left back .
Yerucham ben Meshullam ( Hebrew : ירוחם בן משולם‎ , 1290 - 1350 ) , often called Rabbenu Yerucham ( רבנו ירוחם ) , was a prominent rabbi and posek during the period of the Rishonim .
Hex Hector ( born April 15 , 1965 ) , is an American dance remixer .
Aert van der Neer , or Aernout or Artus ( c. 1603 -- 9 November 1677 ) , was a landscape painter of the Dutch Golden Age , specializing in small night scenes lit only by moonlight and fires , and snowy winter landscapes , both often looking down a canal or river .
Dennis Puleston ( 30 December 1905 - 8 June 2001 ) was a British - born American environmentalist , adventurer and designer .
John Manningham ( died 1622 ) was an English lawyer and diarist , a contemporary source for Elizabethan era and Jacobean era life and the London dramatic world , including William Shakespeare .
Thomas Doggett ( or Dogget ) ( ca . 1640 -- 20 September 1721 ) was an Irish actor .
Bernard Cowan ( 1922 -- July 17 , 1990 ) was a Canadian actor , announcer and writer .
Tom Maguire ( 28 March 1892 -- 5 July 1993 ) was an Irish republican who held the rank of commandant - general in the Western Command of the Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) and led the South Mayo flying column .
William Addams Williams ( 1787 - -1861 ) was a Welsh lawyer , landowner and politician .
Hugo Meurer ( 28 May 1869 - -4 January 1960 ) was a Vice - Admiral of the Kaiserliche Marine ( German Imperial Navy ) .
Vera Albreht ( 12 February 1895 -- 25 May 1971 ) was a Slovene poet , writer , publicist and translator .
Mohammed Fazle Rabbee ( occasionally spelled Rabbi , Bengali : মোহাম্মদ ফজলে রাব্বী ; 21 September 1932 -- 15 December 1971 ) was a renowned cardiologist and a published medical researcher .
Trần Hiến Tông ( 1319 - -1341 ) , given name Trần Vượng ( 陳旺 ) , was the sixth emperor of the Trần dynasty who reigned Đại Việt from 1329 to 1341 .
Adolphe Cohn ( 1851 -- 1930 ) was a Franco - American educator , born in Paris .
Arthur Mülverstedt ( 30 June 1894 -- 10 August 1941 ) was a SS - Gruppenführer und Generalleutnant der Schutzpolizei during World War II ; he was a Commander of the 4th SS Polizei Division and the first SS General to be killed in action .
Leonte Tismăneanu ( born Leonid Tisminetski ; 1913 - -1981 ) was a Romanian communist activist and propagandist .
Ferdynand Zarzycki ( 1888 , Tarnów - 1958 ) was a Polish general and politician .
Ennappadam Venkatarama Bhagavatar ( 1880 - -1961 ) was a composer of Carnatic music .
Jenny Diver , née Mary Young ( 1700 -- 18 March 1741 ) was a notorious British pickpocket , one of the most famous of her day .
Thorburn Brailsford Robertson ( 4 March 1884 -- 18 January 1930 ) was an Australian physiologist and biochemist .
Ambrose St. John ( 1815 -- 24 May 1875 ) was an English Oratorian and convert to Catholicism .
Bill Gregg ( 25 August 1914 -- 23 January 2000 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Princess Charlotte of Prussia ( Viktoria Elisabeth Auguste Charlotte ; 24 July 1860 -- 1 October 1919 ) was Duchess of Saxe - Meiningen as the wife of Bernhard III , the duchy 's last ruler .
Maurice Kenyon Taylor ( 26 June 1908 - 29 June 1986 ) was a British electrical engineer and inventor responsible for many diverse technological developments and inventions , producing over 70 patents during his career .
Abraham Khalfon ( Hebrew : אברהם כלפון‎ , 1741 - -1819 ) was a Sephardi Jewish community leader , historian , scholar , and paytan in Tripoli , Libya .
Peronne Goguillon ( died 29 May 1679 ) was an alleged French witch .
Alfred Searcy ( 4 January 1854 -- 1 October 1925 ) was a South Australian public servant and writer .
Daniel Lind Lagerlöf ( born 6 February 1969 ; missing since 6 October 2011 ) is a presumed dead Swedish director , screenwriter and producer .
Kaare Støylen ( 3 October 1909 -- 22 August 1989 ) was a Norwegian Doctor of Theology and Lutheran bishop , born in Kristiania .
Duncan Macgregor Graham ( March 1867 -- 19 October 1942 ) was Labour MP for Hamilton from 1918 to his death .
Nicolas Huet the Younger ( 1770 Louvre - 26 December 1830 Paris ) , aka Nicolas Huet II or as Nicolas Huet le Jeune , was a French natural history illustrator , active 1788 - 1827 .
On the evening of 22 August 2001 , At the age of 82 , and Sharad Talwalkar died due to a heart attack in his home in Pune .
Jacob Tanner ( 15 October 1865 -- 25 January 1964 ) was a Norwegian American Lutheran minister , educator and religious author .
Hother Erich Werner Bøttger ( 18 May 1801 -- 28 October 1857 ) was a Norwegian politician .
Gao Renhou ( 高仁厚 ) ( d. 886 ) was an army general late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who served under the warlord Chen Jingxuan the military governor of Xichuan Circuit ( 西川 , headquartered in modern Chengdu , Sichuan ) .
Liang Boqiang 梁伯强 ( 1 February 1899 - -28 November 1968 , Jiaying , Guangdong , China ) Medicine educationalist , and pathologist , member of Chinese Academy of Sciences , pioneer pathologist in China .
Fausto Tommei ( 29 July 1909 - 23 July 1978 ) was an Italian actor , voice actor and presenter .
Sir Thomas John Mellis Napier KCMG ( 24 October 1882 -- 22 March 1976 ) was a judge of the Supreme Court of South Australia between 28 February 1924 and 28 February 1967 , and Chief Justice of South Australia from 25 February 1942 until 28 February 1967 .
Léopold Harzé ( 1831 - -1893 ) was a Belgian sculptor who worked in Brussels .
Juan Tuñas Bajeneta , nicknamed `` Romperredes '' ( 17 July 1917 -- 4 April 2011 ) was a Cuban footballer .
France Vodnik ( 1903 - -1986 ) was a Slovenian literary critic , essayist , translator and poet from Ljubljana .
John Gillanders Turriff ( 14 December 1855 -- 10 November 1930 ) was a Canadian parliamentarian .
Thomas Cathinco Bang ( 25 January 1827 -- 13 April 1902 ) was Norwegian Minister of the Interior in 1884 .
Bárid mac Ímair ( also referred to as Barith , Baraid , and Bard ; Old Norse : Bárðr or Bárǫðr ; d. 881 ) was a ninth - century King of Dublin .
Sierk Coolsma ( Dutch pronunciation : ( sirk ˈkoːlsmaː ) ; 26 January 1840 -- 20 March 1926 ) was a Dutch Protestant missionary who wrote extensively on the Sundanese language .
William Newcomb ( died 1999 ) , a professor and theoretical physicist at the University of California 's Lawrence Livermore Laboratory , is best known as the creator of Newcomb 's paradox , devised in 1960 .
Kambanthodath Kunhan Vishwanatham or Kambanthodath Vishwanatham ( 4 November 1914 -- 17 or 18 August 1992 ) was governor of the Indian state of Gujarat .
Aodh Buí Mac Cruitín ( English : Hugh MacCurtin ) ( 1680 - -1775 ) was an Irish poet , tutor , and soldier ,
Major - General John Sydney Lethbridge CB , CBE , MC ( 11 December 1897 -- 11 August 1961 ) was a British soldier .
John Véron ( died 1563 ) was a French Protestant controversialist and preacher , known for his activities in England .
Li Guangtian ( simplified Chinese : 李广田 ; traditional Chinese : 李廣田 ; pinyin : Lǐ Guǎngtián , 1906 - -1968 ) was a 20th - century Chinese essayist .
Afawarq Walda Samayat , or Afework Woldesemait , ( died 5 November 1935 ) was an Ethiopian administrator , and commander .
Olga Spiridonović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Олга Спиридоновић ; 11 June 1923 -- 15 May 1994 ) was a Serbian film , theatre and television actress who starred in a number of Yugoslav films .
Sir George Thurston KBE ( 1869 - 22 January 1950 ) was a leading British naval architect in the early half of the 20th century .
José Maria da Ponte e Horta ( b. 1824 , Faro -- d. 1892 ) was a Portuguese noble who served as a colonial administrator and soldier in the Portuguese Empire .
John Ya - Otto ( 10 February 1938 - 25 May 1994 ) was a Namibian trade unionist , politician , author and diplomat .
Abraham Gershon of Kitov , also known as Rabbi Gershon of Brody , was probably born in or near Kuty ( Kitov ) , Poland around 1701 and died in Jerusalem in 1761 .
Ernest Montaut ( 1879 - -1909 ) was a French poster artist who died at an early age .
Dmitry Kardovsky ( 5 September 1866 - 9 February 1943 ) was a Russian artist , illustrator and stage designer .
Sir Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy , 7th Baronet , ( 19 April 1913 -- 10 August 2006 ) was an Indian philanthropist .
Ottó Misángyi ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈotːoː ˈmiʃaːnɟi ) ; 20 April 1895 -- 30 November 1977 ) was a Hungarian athletics coach , sports official and university professor .
Alden Bradford ( 17 November 1765 -- 26 October 1843 ) was an American politician , clergyman and author who served as the 5th Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth .
Walter Hearne ( 15 January 1864 -- 2 April 1925 ) was an English cricketer for Kent CCC .
Anders Johan Ture Rangström ( 30 November 1884 -- 11 May 1947 ) belonged to a new generation of Swedish composers who in the first decade of the 20th century introduced modernism to their compositions .
Lizzie Black Kander ( 1858 - -1940 ) was a progressive reformer and the founder of a settlement house in Milwaukee , where she originated The Settlement Cookbook .
Robert Trewick Bone ( 24 September 1790 -- 5 May 1840 ) was an English painter of sacred , classical and genre scenes .
Willem Arondeus ( 22 August 1894 -- 1 July 1943 ) was a Dutch artist and author , who joined the Dutch anti - Nazi resistance movement during World War II . He participated in the bombing of the Amsterdam public records office to hinder the Nazi German effort to identify Dutch Jews .
Rodolphe Samuel Schenk ( 29 October 1888 , Macorna , Victoria -- 7 August 1969 ) was an Australian missionary .
Fu Qian ( died 263 ) was a military general of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period .
Pancho Daniel ( ? -1858 ) was a Californio bandit , leader of the Flores Daniel Gang who was lynched in November 1858 while awaiting trial for his involvement in the murder of Los Angeles County Sheriff James R. Barton .
James Summers ( 5 June 1828 -- 1 February 1891 ) was a British scholar of English literature , hired by the Meiji government of the Empire of Japan to establish an English language curriculum at the Kaisei Gakuin ( the forerunner of Tokyo Imperial University in 1873 ) .
Harriet Pelham - Holles , Duchess of Newcastle - upon - Tyne ( 1701 -- 17 July 1776 ) was the wife of the British statesman and Prime Minister Thomas Pelham - Holles , 1st Duke of Newcastle - upon - Tyne .
Anna Sophie Schack ( 1689 - -1760 ) , was a Danish noble , landowner and builder .
Eiliv Odde Hauge ( 10 November 1913 -- 3 July 1971 ) was a Norwegian screenwriter , author and resistance member .
Ted Pulford was born in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan on 14 December 1914 of Welsh emigrant parents and died 11 April 1994 .
Morgan Lloyd ( 1822 - 5 September 1893 ) was a Welsh Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885 .
James Craufurd , Lord Ardmillan ( 12 September 1805 -- 7 September 1876 ) was a Scottish judge .
Géza Gyóni ( 25 June 1884 - 25 June 1917 ) was a Hungarian poet under the rule of the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Samuel `` Sam '' Maguire ( 1877 -- 6 February 1927 ) , an Irish republican and Gaelic footballer , is chiefly remembered as the eponym of the Sam Maguire Cup , given to the All - Ireland Senior Champions of Gaelic football .
Roelof Diodati ( Dordrecht , 28 July 1658 -- Batavia , 10 March 1723 ) was a governor of Dutch Mauritius in the late 17th century .
George Beasley ( 26 April 1902 -- 6 August 1962 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Frank Rickwood ( 1921 - 2009 ) was an Australian businessman in the oil industry .
Jørgen Thormøhlen ( c 1640 -- 25 December 1708 ) was a Norwegian merchant and industrialist .
Bjørn Endreson ( 20 January 1922 -- 12 November 1998 ) was a Norwegian actor , stage producer and theatre director .
Charlie van Gelderen ( 1913 - -26 October 2001 ) was a South African Trotskyist active in the British Labour movement from the 1930s .
Peter Frilingos ( 1944 - -2004 ) was a sports journalist and commentator , best known for his work as a rugby league writer .
Nikki Sudden ( 19 July 1956 -- 26 March 2006 ) , born Adrian Nicholas Godfrey , was a prolific English singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Hans - Joachim Koellreutter ( 2 September 1915 -- 13 September 2005 ) was a composer , teacher and musicologist .
Emine Semiye Önasya ( 28 March 1864 - 1944 ) , mostly known as Emine Semiye and Emine Vahide , was a Turkish writer and a daughter of Ahmed Cevdet Pasha .
Byron Lavoy Cockrell ( 1935 - -2007 ) was an American rocket scientist and engineer who conducted research and development of micro - motors for solid propellant rockets and was later involved in the Minuteman ICBM program .
Alexandros Soutsos ( Greek : Ἀλέξανδρος Σοῦτσος ) ( 1803 - -1863 ) was a Greek poet from a prominent Phanariote family .
Tapio Vilpponen ( 31 May 1913 − 31 August 1994 ) was a Finnish screenwriter , set designer , costume designer , painter , graphic artist , interior designer , sculptor , copywriter , journalist , cartoonist and columnist .
Arthur Stanley Brown ( 20 May 1912 -- 6 July 2002 ) was charged in 1998 for the 26 August 1970 rape and murder of Judith and Susan Mackay in Townsville , Queensland .
Guillaume IV de Melun was also employed in many other important occasions and killed at the Battle of Agincourt on 25 October 1415 .
Rosa Bonheur , born Marie - Rosalie Bonheur , ( 16 March 1822 -- 25 May 1899 ) was a French animalière , realist artist , and sculptor .
Kirill Sokolov ( 27 September 1930 -- 22 May 2004 ) was a Russian painter , sculptor , print - maker and stage designer .
Seong Hui - ahn(korean:성희안;成希顔 , 1461 - -1513 ) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty politician and Neo - Confucianism Philosopher served as Prime Minister or Chief State Councillor during the reign of King Jungjong in 1513 until his death .
María Martina Ibaibarriaga Elorriaga ( 26 January 1788 -- 6 June 1849 ) was a Spanish guerrilla leader during the Peninsular War ( 1807 - -14 ) .
Henry F. Starbuck ( 1860 -- 1935 ) was an American architect and a specialist in church architecture .
Jean Fombertaux ( 1935 - -1976 , Sydney , Australia ) was a French émigré architect who spent most of his career designing buildings in and around Sydney .
Keeseekoowenin ( c. 1818 - 10 April 1906 ) was a First Nations leader during the period when Canada was expanding into the prairie provinces of Manitoba , Saskatchewan and Alberta .
George Lothrop Starr ( 14 July 1878 -- 1925 ) was a Canadian Dean of Ontario from 1917 to 1925 .
Maj Lillemor Arvidsson ( 1 May 1943 -- 23 April 2012 ) was a Swedish trade union leader and the Governor of Gotland from 1998 to 2004 .
Haukur Clausen ( 8 November 1928 -- 1 May 2003 ) was an Olympic athlete and later a dentist .
Bullen Reymes ( 28 December 1613 - 18 December 1672 ) was an English courtier , diplomat and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1672 .
Victor Tortez ( juillet 18 1843 -- 1890 ) was a French painter of the beaux arts school , taught by Jean - Jacques Henner .
Prem Singh Brahma ( Bodo : प्रेम सिंह ब्रह्मा ; 1952 -- 2007 ) was the former leader of the Bodo Liberation Tigers Force and deputy chief from 1994 to 1996 .
Raymond Greenleaf ( 1 January 1892 - 29 October 1963 ) was an American actor , best known for All the King 's Men ( 1949 ) , Angel Face ( 1952 ) , and Pinky ( 1949 ) .
Ismail Mustafa or Ismail Mustafa al - Falaki ( 1825 - 27 July 1901 ) was an Egyptian astronomer and mathematician .
Jonathan Peter Sharp ( 20 February 1964 -- 29 May 2009 ) , better known by the pseudonym Jonny Dollar , was an English record producer and songwriter .
Sir ( Lawrence ) Emmet McDermott KBE ( 6 September 1911 -- 31 August 2002 ) was an Australian dentist , politician and Lord Mayor of Sydney between 1969 and 1972 .
Louise Élisabeth d'Orléans ( Spanish : Luisa Isabel ; 11 December 1709 -- 16 June 1742 ) was Queen consort of Spain as the wife of King Louis I.
Fujiwara no Kinsue ( 藤原 公季 ; 957 - -1029 ) , also known as Kaikō , was a Japanese statesman , courtier and politician during the Heian period .
Yvonne Cernota ( 19 September 1979 -- 12 March 2004 ) was a German bobsledder who competed from 2000 to 2004 at the position of the brakeswomen .
Mathew Forde , also spelt ' Matthew Forde ' ( 17 May 1785 -- 5 August 1837 ) was an Irish landowner and politician .
The Hon . David John Smith ( May 20 , 1907 -- 1976 ) was the third son of Frederick Smith , 2nd Viscount Hambleden and Lady Esther Gore .
John Paul Visscher ( 1895 - -1950 ) was an American protozoologist .
Khagendranath Mitra ( Bengali : খগেন্দ্রনাথ মিত্র ) ( 1896 - -1978 ) was a writer for children of Bengal .
William of Cassingham ( or Willikin of the Weald ) ( died 1257 ) was a country squire of Cassingham ( now Kensham ) in Kent at the time of the First Barons ' War .
Val Bennett ( born Lovall Bennett , ? , died 1991 ) was a Jamaican tenor saxophonist and jazz and roots reggae musician who began his career in the 1940s .
Marc Iliffe ( 27 June 1972 -- 11 February 2003 ) was a British strongman famous for being the winner of Britain 's Strongest Man contest in 2002 .
Hiram Abas ( 1932 in Istanbul -- 26 September 1990 ) was a Turkish intelligence official in the National Intelligence Organization ( MIT ) .
John William Crombie ( 4 March 1858 -- 22 March 1908 ) was a Scottish woollen manufacturer , folklorist and Liberal Party politician .
Mary MacLane ( May 1 , 1881 -- c. 6 August 1929 ) was a controversial Canadian - born American writer whose frank memoirs helped usher in the confessional style of autobiographical writing .
Meir Atlas ( Hebrew : מאיר אטלס‎ ; 1848 - -1926 ) was the rabbi of numerous communities in pre - World War II Europe and one of the founders of the Telz Yeshiva .
Andrew Leith Adams FRSE , FRS ( 21 March 1827 -- 29 July 1882 ) was a Scottish physician , naturalist and geologist .
Elizabeth Lamb , Viscountess Melbourne ( née Elizabeth Milbanke ; 1751 -- 1818 ) was one of the most influential of the political hostesses of the extended Regency period , and the wife of Whig politician Peniston Lamb , 1st Viscount Melbourne .
Harry Liston ( 7 October 1843 -- 12 April 1929 ) was an English comedian and actor who appeared in music hall , variety shows and other entertainments during the Victorian era and in the first decades of the 20th century .
Adrien Meunier ( 24 December 1905 -- 31 October 1971 ) was a Liberal party , initially independent Liberal , member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Păuna Greceanu - Cantacuzino ( died 1740 ) , was a Princess consort of Wallachia by marriage to Ştefan Cantacuzino ( r. 1714 - -1716 ) .
Hugh Montgomerie , 1st Earl of Eglinton ( c. 1460 -- June 1545 ) was a Scottish peer .
Friedrich Wilhelm Rust ( 6 July 1739 -- 28 February 1796 ) was a German violinist , pianist and composer .
José Beyaert ( 1 October 1925 -- 11 June 2005 ) was a French professional cyclist who , during the 1940s and 1950s , was the 1948 Olympics road race champion .
John Bascom Crenshaw ( 1861 - -1942 ) was the head of the Department of Modern Languages at the Georgia Institute of Technology for 38 years , and also served as the school 's first athletic director , in which capacity he started Georgia Tech 's lacrosse team .
Hester Maria Elphinstone , Viscountess Keith , born Hester Maria Thrale ( 17 September 1764 -- 31 March 1857 ) , was a British literary correspondent and intellectual .
Titus Cassius Severus ( died in 32 AD ) was an ancient Roman rhetor from the gens Cassia .
Peder Claussøn Friis ( 1 April 1545 -- 15 October 1614 ) was a Norwegian clergyman , author and historian .
Luce Langevin - Dubus ( born 26 December 1899 in Marissel in Oise , died on 27 August 2002 in Paris ) was a French physicist and biologist , teacher of physical sciences and biology at Fénelon highschool in Paris and a communist activist .
Hana Zelinová ( 20 July 1914 -- 2004 ) was a Slovak prose writer and dramatist .
Sir John Dackombe ( 1570 -- 29 January 1618 ) was the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster between 1616 and 1618 .
Vernon Ahmadjian ( 19 May 1930 , Whitinsville , Massachusetts -- 13 March 2012 , Falmouth , Massachusetts ) was a distinguished professor at Clark University in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Antoine Ignace Melling ( 1763 - -1831 ) was a painter , architect and voyager who is counted among the `` Levantine Artists '' .
His Honour Sir Thomas Artemus Jones KC LLD ( 1871 -- 15 October 1943 ) , was a Welsh Judge , journalist , nationalist and Liberal Party politician who campaigned for the Welsh language .
Elisabeth Dhanens ( 1915 -- 11 March 2014 ) was a Belgian art historian specialising in Early Netherlandish painting .
Alexander Ross ( 15 September 1879 -- 25 June 1952 ) , generally known as Alec Ross and sometimes as Alex or Aleck , was a Scottish professional golfer .
Lt . Col . Robert Sandilands Frowd Walker , C.M.G. , ( also known as R. S. F. Walker ) ( 13 May 1850 -- 16 May 1917 ) was a prominent figure in Malaya during the British colonial era in the late 19th century .
José de Grimaldo y Gutiérrez de Solórzano ( 1660 - -1733 ) was a Spanish statesmen .
Pierre Statorius ( Tonneville , Seine - Maritime , 1530 -- Pińczów , 1591 ) was a French grammarian and theologian , who settled among the Polish Brethren , becoming rector of a Calvinist Academy in Pińczów at the invitation of Francesco Lismanino .
Princess Auguste of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Glücksburg ( 27 June 1633 -- 26 May 1701 ) was a Danish - German princess of the senior Glücksburg line of the Duke of Schleswig - Holstein .
Admiral of the Fleet Sir Charles Ogle , 2nd Baronet ( 24 May 1775 -- 16 June 1858 ) was a Royal Navy officer .
The publisher Thomas Jonathan Wooler ( 1786 -- 29 October 1853 ) was active in the Radical movement of early 19th century Britain , best known for his satirical journal The Black Dwarf .
Carole Lynne , Baroness Delfont ( 16 September 1918 -- 17 January 2008 ) was a British theatre actress , best known for her work in the 1940s and 1950s .
Lars Johannes Irgens ( 9 October 1775 -- 22 April 1830 ) was a Norwegian jurist and public official .
Lebian ( Lebiantu ) ( died September 1776 ) was toqui from 1769 to 1774 , who led the Pehuenche against the Spanish Empire in Chile following the Mapuche Uprising of 1766 during the Arauco War .
Dame Maria Amieriye Osunde ( 1928 - -2008 ) was a Nigerian educationist who founded Auntie Maria School .
Francis Charles McMath ( 1867-February 13 , 1938 ) was an American engineer and amateur astronomer .
Arend De Keysere ( Arnoldus cesaris , Arnoul de keysere ) ( ? - Ghent , 1490 ) was a Flemish masterprinter of incunabula .
Peter van Huizen ( 3 September 1932 -- 12 September 2011 ) was a Malaysian field hockey player of Dutch ancestry .
Antonio Aldonza Lobato , known as Aldonza ( 21 January 1926 -- 11 April 2014 ) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a left back .
Mary Greenleaf Clement Leavitt ( 1830 - -1912 ) was a divorced Boston schoolteacher who became the first round - the - world missionary for the Woman 's Christian Temperance Union ( WCTU ) , of which she was a founding member .
Yasin Osman Kenadid ( Somali : Yaasiin Cismaan Keenadiid , Arabic : ياسين عثمان كينايديض‎ ) ( 1919 - -27 November 1988 ) was a Somali intellectual , writer and linguist .
Jørgen von Cappelen Knudtzon ( 28 April 1784 -- 29 July 1854 ) was a Norwegian businessman and patron of the arts .
Chatin Sarachi ( in Albanian Paskal `` Çatin '' Saraçi ) ( 1899 - -1974 ) , was an Albanian painter and politician .
John Wills D.D. ( died 16 June 1806 ) was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .
Elizabeth Tilberis ( 7 September 1947 -- 21 April 1999 ) , born Elizabeth Jane Kelly , known professionally throughout her career as Liz Tilberis , was a British fashion magazine editor of Manx and English ancestry .
Joe Frisco ( November 4 , 1889 -- February 12 , 1958 ) was an American vaudeville performer who first made his name on stage as a jazz dancer , but later incorporated his stuttering voice to his act and became a popular comedian .
The Hon . William Douglas - Home ( 3 June 1912 -- 28 September 1992 ) was a British dramatist and politician .
William Forbes Mackenzie ( 18 April 1807 -- 24 September 1862 ) was a Scottish Conservative politician and temperance reformer .
Bill Vickers ( 18 February 1904 -- 25 August 1976 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Vũ Quốc Uy ( 1920 - -1994 ) was a Vietnamese writer and cultural politician .
Ubaldo Caccianemici ( died 1171 ) was an Italian cardinal and cardinal - nephew of Pope Lucius II , his cousin who elevated him in May or June 1144 .
James Eccles FGS ( 1838 -- 6 June 1915 ) was an English mountaineer and geologist who is noted for making a number of first ascents in the Alps during the silver age of alpinism .
Edward Cobden , D.D. ( 1684 - 1764 ) was a British divine , poet , and Archdeacon of London , from 1742 - -1764 .
Heremigarius ( or Hermigarius ) ( fl . 427 - -429 ) was a Suevic military leader operative in Lusitania in the early fifth century .
Armand Gregg ( 1820 - -1897 ) was a German - born journalist with democratic beliefs .
Colonel Calvin Ira Kephart LL.D. ( 1883 - -1969 ) was an American professor of law , genealogist , historian , expert on heraldry and amateur ethnologist .
Robert Jocelyn , 2nd Earl of Roden KP , PC ( Ire ) ( 26 October 1756 -- 29 June 1820 ) was an Irish peer , soldier and politician .
Gerhart Lüders ( 25 February 1920 -- 31 January 1995 ) was a German theoretical physicist who worked mainly in quantum field theory and was well known for the discovery and a general proof of the CPT theorem .
Sir William Arrol ( 13 February 1839 -- 20 February 1913 ) was a Scottish civil engineer , bridge builder , and Liberal Unionist Party politician .
Bertie Marshall ORTT ( 6 February 1936 - 17 October 2012 ) ( born as Bertram Lloyd Marshall in Port - of - Spain , Trinidad ) was a pioneer , musician and music instrument maker of the Steel Pan .
Marie Sanlaville ( 1847 - -1930 ) was a leading dancer with the Paris Opéra .
Cecil Quinlan ( 4 May 1893 -- 23 December 1926 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Per Ericson ( 1965 - -2007 ) was a Swedish journalist and author with a background in the Moderate Party .
Zoltán Halmay ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈzoltaːn ˈhɒlmɒi ) , 18 June 1881 -- 20 May 1956 ) was a Hungarian Olympic swimmer .
E. Alison Kay ( 1928 -- 9 June 2008 ) was a malacologist , environmentalist , and professor at the University of Hawaiʻi .
Clement Cruttwell ( 1743 -- 5 August 1808 ) was an English compiler of religious works and gazetteers .
Zhang Wenjin ( ca . 1915 -- 18 February 1991 ) was a Chinese Deputy Foreign Minister and Ambassador to the United States and Canada .
Zheng Zhu ( 鄭注 ) ( died December 18 , 835 ) , probably né Yu Zhu ( 魚注 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty .
Philip Tilden ( 1887 - -1956 ) was an English architect , active in the early twentieth century , who worked for some of the most prominent members of English society , including Winston Churchill , David Lloyd George , Lord Beaverbrook , Sir Philip Sassoon , Lady Ottoline Morrell and Gordon Selfridge .
Aideen O'Kelly ( 5 September 1940 -- 22 April 2015 ) was an Irish actress of stage and television , who worked in both Ireland and the United States .
Dato ' Y. T. Lee , also Lee Yoon Thim ( 1905 - -1977 ) was a Malaysian Chinese architect active in Kuala Lumpur in the 1950s and 1960s .
Courtenay Hughes Fenn , or C. H. Fenn , ( April 11 , 1866 - -1927 ) was an American Presbyterian missionary to China , and compiler of The Five Thousand Dictionary , a widely used basic Chinese - English dictionary that has gone through numerous reprints .
Carmen Blacker FBA ( 13 July 1924 -- 13 July 2009 ) was a British scholar of Japanese language .
Eustace de Balliol ( or Eustace de Helicourt ) ( died c. 1209 ) was the cousin and successor of Bernard II de Balliol , lord of Balliol and Barnard Castle .
José Ignacio García Hamilton ( 1 November 1943 -- 17 June 2009 ) was an Argentine writer , noted historian , lawyer and politician .
Mohammad Zakaria ( 1923 -- 1993 ) was a Bangladeshi actor and producer .
James Bird ( Jimmy Jock ) ( c. 1798 -- 11 December 1892 ) was a fur trader , hunter , interpreter , and guide in both western Canada and the United States .
John St John , 11th Baron St John of Bletso ( died 24 June 1757 ) was a British peer .
Eliodoro Matte Ossa ( 11 April 1905 - 22 July 2000 ) was a Chilean businessman , founder of the Chilean forestry and paper company CMPC .
Francis Gurdon ( 11 April 1861 , Barnham Broom -- 23 December 1929 , York ) was an Anglican bishop , the third Bishop of Hull in the modern era ..
Rudolf Mansfeld ( 17 January 1901 , Berlin -- 1960 ) was a German botanist and agricultural scientist .
Charles C. Holt ( 21 May 1921 -- 13 December 2010 ) was Professor Emeritus at the Department of Management at the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin .
Ram Waeerkar ( d. 26 February 2003 ) was an artist for the Indian comic book series Amar Chitra Katha , based on Indian mythology , history , and folklore .
Francis Delaram ( born around 1590 , fl . 1615 - -1624 or 1627 ) , was an English engraver .
Stanley Alexander de Smith FBA ( 27 March 1922 -- 12 February 1974 ) was an English academic lawyer and author .
Abraham Edel ( 6 December 1908 -- 22 June 2007 ) was a North American philosopher and ethicist .
Giuni Russo ( stage name of Giuseppa Romeo ; 10 September 1951 -- 14 September 2004 ) was an Italian singer - songwriter , who specialised in experimental music after a short successful stint as art - pop singer in the early 1980s .
Gus Troxler ( c. 1871 -- February 16 , 1945 ) was a professional strong man , boxer , actor , sports promoter , physical - training expert , and inventor .
Mischa Spoliansky ( 28 December 1898 -- 28 June 1985 ) was a Russian - born composer and a long - term resident in Britain .
Rosamund Clifford ( before 1150 -- ca . 1176 ) , often called `` The Fair Rosamund '' or the `` Rose of the World '' , was famed for her beauty and was a mistress of King Henry II of England , famous in English folklore .
René Théodore Berthon ( 1776 - -1859 ) was a French painter of religious and historical subjects , and of portraits .
Johann Nepomuk von Fuchs ( 15 May 1774 -- 5 March 1856 ) was a German chemist and mineralogist .
Emidio Greco ( 20 October 1938 -- 22 December 2012 ) was an Italian film director and screenwriter , best known for the 1974 film Morel 's Invention .
Christian of Oliva ( Polish : Christian z Oliwy ) , also Christian of Prussia ( German : Christian von Preußen ) ( died 4 December ( ? ) 1245 ) was the first missionary bishop of Prussia .
Vincent Liff ( c. 1951 - -2003 ) was an American casting director of Broadway musicals and plays .
Charles Paulet , 1st Duke of Bolton PC JP ( c. 1630 -- 27 February 1699 ) , was an English nobleman , the son of John Paulet , 5th Marquess of Winchester and his first wife , Jane Savage .
Air Commodore Charles Rumney Samson CMG , DSO & Bar , AFC ( 8 July 1883 -- 5 February 1931 ) was a British naval aviation pioneer .
Alexander Møller ( 24 April 1762 -- 28 December 1847 ) was a Norwegian physician who served at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814 .
Zhang Peiyuan ( died 1934 ) was a Han chinese general , commander of the Ili garrison .
Harold Larwood ( 14 November 1904 -- 22 July 1995 ) was a professional cricketer for Nottinghamshire and England between 1924 and 1938 .
Thomas Octavius Prichard ( 1808 - -1847 ) was an English psychiatrist , one of the earliest advocates of `` moral management '' , the humane treatment of the mentally ill . Having served as superintendent for two years at Glasgow Royal Lunatic Asylum , Prichard was appointed founding superintendent of the Northamptonshire County General Lunatic Asylum in 1838 .
Leif Utne ( 1919 -- 25 August 2004 ) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II and later a physician .
Henry of Badewide ( or Badwide ) ( German : Heinrich von Badewide ) ( died ca . 1164 ) was a Saxon Count of Botwide ( after 1149 ) and Count of Ratzeburg ( after 1156 ) .
Luis Omar Salinas ( 1937 - -2008 ) was a leading Chicano poet who published a number of well - received collections of poetry , including the Crazy Gypsy , which has been described as `` a classic of contemporary and Chicano poetry '' ) , I Go Dreaming Serenades , and Afternoon of The Unreal .
Lionel Cranfield , 3rd Earl of Middlesex ( 1625 -- 26 October 1674 ) was an English peer , styled Hon . Lionel Cranfield from 1640 until 1651 .
Isaac Sharp ( 1681 - -1735 ) was an early New Jersey settler , politician , judge and Colonel of the militia .
Tempe Pigott ( 2 February 1884 -- 6 October 1962 ) was a silent and sound screen character actress .
Václav Tikal ( 24 December 1906 in Ptetin village , Plzeň Region -- 26 November 1965 in Prague ) was a Czech surrealist painter and ceramist .
Harry Noon ( 6 October 1937 -- 1996 ) was an English professional football player and coach .
The Rev Dr William Kelynack ( 22 May 1831 -- 1 November 1891 ) was an Cornish Australian Methodist minister , President of Newington College , and President of the General Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church .
Amin - Salim Jarjora ( Hebrew : : אמין - סלים ג'רג'ורה‎ 1886 -- 20 August 1975 ) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Democratic List of Nazareth between 1949 and 1951 .
Francesco III Ordelaffi ( c. 1357 -- September 8 , 1405 ) , also known as Cecco II , was an Italian condottiero and lord of Forlì .
James Douglas , 3rd Earl of Angus , Lord of Liddesdale and Jedburgh Forest ( 1426 - -1446 ) was a Scottish Nobleman .
Charles Anthony Swainson ( 1820 - -1887 ) was an English theologian , Norrisian and subsequently Lady Margaret 's Professor of Divinity , Master of Christ 's College , Cambridge and a canon of Chichester .
Anders Selinder , ( 4 November 1806 , Stockholm -- 6 November 1874 , Stockholm ) , was a Swedish dancer , Ballet master , choreographer and director .
Samuel More ( 1593 - -1662 ) was at the centre of two historical incidents in seventeenth century England .
Knut Luraas ( 1782 - -1843 ) was a Norwegian Hardingfele fiddler and artist .
Just Knut Qvigstad ( 20 December 1902 -- 6 May 2001 ) was a Norwegian engineer .
Osgod Clapa ( died 1054 ) , also Osgot , was a nobleman in Anglo - Saxon England during the reigns of Kings Cnut the Great , Harold Harefoot , Harthacnut , and Edward the Confessor .
Andrew Hynes ( February 28 , 1750 -- September 1800 ) was the founder of Elizabethtown , Kentucky , which town was named for his wife , Elizabeth Warford Hynes .
Robert Denoon Cumming ( 1916 -- 25 August 2004 ) was a Canadian - American philosopher and historian of twentieth - century Continental philosophy , especially phenomenology .
Reg Gutteridge , OBE ( 29 March 1924 -- 24 January 2009 ) was a boxing journalist and television commentator .
Johannes Ciconia ( c. 1370 -- between 10 June and 13 July 1412 ) was a composer and music theorist of the late Middle Ages .
Fred Leach ( 6 March 1878 -- 14 April 1908 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Andreas or Aindréas of Caithness ( † 1184 ) is the first known bishop of Caithness and a source for the author of de Situ Albanie .
Gian Nicola Babini ( 24 April 1944 -- 11 March 2012 ) was an Italian scientist who specialised in the field of ceramics .
Dr. Vasant Parikh ( 1929 - -2007 ) was an Indian politician born at Vadnagar in Mehsana district , Gujarat .
Blanche Armwood ( 1890 - -1939 ) , Educator , activist and the first African - American woman in the state of Florida to graduate from an accredited law school .
Lokenath Bal ( Bengali : লোকনাথ বল ) ( 8 March 1908 -- 4 September 1964 ) was an Indian independence activist and a member of the armed resistance movement led by Surya Sen , which carried out the Chittagong armoury raid in 1930 .
Bahjat al - Muhaisen ( 1927 - 10 April 2007 ) was a Royal Jordanian Land Force officer who served in significant infantry commands during his career .
Cec Hammer ( 24 June 1926 -- 1 April 2013 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Antonis Papadakis , or Kareklas ( 1893 - -1980 ) was a Cretan musician and famous for his superb lyra performance .
Issa Basil Bandak ( 1891 -- May 1984 ) was a Palestinian / Jordanian politician who served as Jordanian ambassador to Spain and commissioner to Chile after serving as Mayor of Bethlehem and appearing as part of the Jordanian delegation to the UN in 1950 .
Balthasar Denner ( 15 November 1685 -- 14 April 1749 ) was a German painter , highly regarded as a portraitist .
James Daly , 1st Baron Dunsandle and Clanconal ( 1 April 1782 -- 7 August 1847 ) was an Irish politician .
Leonardos Philaras ( c. 1595 -- 1673 ) ( Greek : Λεονάρδος Φιλαρᾶς , Leonardos Filaras , French : Leonard Philara also known as Villeret , Villare ) was a Greek Athenian scholar , politician , diplomat and advisor to the French court .
Rick Roderick ( 1949 - -2002 ) was an American professor of philosophy , best known for his lectures for The Teaching Company .
Nancy Perriam ( 1770 - 1867 ) was an English woman from Exmouth , Devon , who was one of the few women of her time to serve on a warship .
Cesare Rinaldi ( 1559 - -1636 ) was one of Bologna 's most eminent poets .
Robert de Beauchamp ( d. 1252 ) was an English judge , was a minor at the death of his father , Robert de Beauchamp , feudal baron of Hatch Beauchamp , Somerset , in 1211 - 12 .
Count Anders Torstenson ( 1641 - -1686 ) , Swedish statesman , son of Lennart Torstenson and member of the Privy Council , was from 1674 to 1681 Governor - General of Estonia .
Matthew Dodsworth ( c.1544 -- 1631 ) was , sometime before 1593 , appointed as Judge of the Admiralty Court in England 's Northern Counties .
Münevver Andaç ( died 1998 ) was a translator of Turkish literature .
Wilhelm Friedrich Karwinski von Karwin ( 19 February 1780 -- 2 March 1855 ) was a Bavarian naturalist who collected plants and animals in Brazil ( 1821 - -1826 ) and Mexico ( 1826 - -1831 , 1840 ) .
Hassan al - Amri ( Arabic : حسن العمري‎ ) ( 1916 - -1989 ) Known as The General of Yemen .
Roland Caldwell Harris ( May 1875 - 3 September 1945 ) was the Commissioner of Public Works for Toronto from 1912 until his death in 1945 .
Xia Chang ( Chinese : 夏昶 ; pinyin : Xià Chàng ; Wade -- Giles : Hsia Ch'ang ; 1388 - -1470 ) was a Ming dynasty Chinese painter and government official .
Lucian Popescu ( 12 January 1912 , Bucharest- 9 December 1982 ) was a Romanian boxer who won European titles in three different classes .
Wilhelm Karl Ritter von Haidinger ( or Wilhelm von Haidinger , or most often Wilhelm Haidinger ) ( 5 February 1795 -- 19 March 1871 ) was an Austrian mineralogist .
Osman Rastoder ( 1882 -- 23 January 1946 ) was a cleric ( hodja ) and commander of the Muslim militia in upper Bihor during the Second World War .
Eugen Țurcanu ( 8 July 1925 -- 17 December 1954 ) , Romanian political prisoner , was executed for his role in the Pitești Experiment .
Samuel Jasper Loring ( 1914 - 1963 ) was an aeronautical engineer with Chance Vought and later Hamilton Standard who worked on various aspects of the aeroelastic flutter problem .
Josephine Casey ( 1 January 1878 ( ? ) -- 27 January 1950 ) was a labor organizer and leader , and a women 's rights advocate .
James Mack ( Galvan Kepler Macnamara ; 1941 -- 3 June 2004 ) was a curator , director , advisor and arts advocate in New Zealand and the Pacific .
Sir Richard Thorne Thorne ( 13 October 1841 -- 18 December 1899 ) was a British physician , the fourth Chief Medical Officer in the United Kingdom .
Asta Nørregaard ( 13 August 1853 - 23 March 1933 ) was a Norwegian painter who is best known for her portraits .
Captain Kunwar Awadhesh Pratap Singh ( born October 1888 , Rampur Baghelan -- died 16 June 1967 , Kanpur ) was a noted Indian politician and Indian independence activist .
White Parker ( 1887 - -1956 ) was a son of Mah - Cheeta - Wookey and Quanah Parker , chief of the Comanches .
Arthur Brennan ( 2 March 1881 -- 12 September 1931 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jacob Tonson , sometimes referred to as Jacob Tonson the elder ( 1655 - -1736 ) was an eighteenth - century English bookseller and publisher .
Jacob Rosted ( 23 October 1750 -- 8 October 1833 ) was a Norwegian educator , editor and librarian .
Gatjil Djerrkura OAM ( Yolŋu_Matha : Gätjil Djerrkura ) ( 30 June 1949 -- 26 May 2004 ) was an Aboriginal leader and indigenous spokesman in the Northern Territory and Australia .
Major - General Sir Henry Edward Colvile KCMG CB ( 10 July 1852 -- 25 November 1907 ) was an English soldier .
Dr. Charles V. Paterno ( 1876 -- May 30 , 1946 ) was an American real estate developer .
Jesse Milton Coburn ( 1853 - -1923 ) was a one - term Republican mayor of South Norwalk , Connecticut , from 1897 to 1898 .
Muriel Box ( 22 September 1905 -- 18 May 1991 ) was an Oscar - winning English screenwriter and director .
Angéle de la Barthe ( c. 1230 - -1275 ) was allegedly a woman from Toulouse , France , who was tried for witchcraft and condemned to death by the Inquisition in 1275 .
George Withy ( May 15 , 1924 -- November 17 , 1998 ) was a journalist , member of the Press Council ( UK ) , President of the CIOJ ( 1975 - -1976 ) and the great nephew of Edward Withy .
Edmund Lockyer , ( 21 January 1784 -- 10 June 1860 ) was a British soldier and explorer of Australia .
William Baker of Audlem ( 1705 - -1771 ) was an architect , surveyor and building contractor , working in Shropshire and the adjacent counties in the middle years of the 18th Century .
Colonel Philip Ludwell III ( 1716 - -1767 ) was the earliest known Eastern Orthodox Christian in North America .
Petrus Vuyst or Vuijst ( 1691 , Batavia , Dutch East Indies - 19 May 1732 , Batavia ) was the 20th Governor of Ceylon during the Dutch colonial period .
Charles William Previté - Orton ( 16 January 1877 -- 11 March 1947 ) was a medieval historian and the first Professor of Medieval History at the University of Cambridge on the establishment of the position in 1937 .
Hallvard Vebjørnsson ( Hallvard Den Hellige ) ( c. 1020 -- 1043 ) , commonly referred to as Saint Hallvard ( Sankt Hallvard ) , is the patron saint of Oslo .
Sergei Gavrilovich Simonov ( Russian : Сергей Гаврилович Симонов ; 9 April 1894 -- 6 May 1986 ) was a Russian weapons designer ; he is one of the fathers of the modern assault rifle .
Samuel de Lange Jr. ( 22 October 1840 -- 7 July 1911 ) was a Dutch composer , music conservatory director , organist , pianist , conductor and music teacher .
Paul Cérésole ( 16 November 1832 , Friedrichsdorf , Hesse - Homburg -- 7 January 1905 ) was a Swiss politician , judge of the Supreme Court ( 1867 - 1870 ) and member of the Swiss Federal Council ( 1870 - 1875 ) .
Edward Lascelles , 1st Earl of Harewood ( 7 January 1740 -- 3 April 1820 ) was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
Dr. Reginald Tustin Baker FRCO ( 4 July 1900 - December 1966 ) was an organist and composer based in England .
Professor Y. K. Sohoni ( 1911 - 2003 ) was a teacher and professor of French for over fifty years .
Damerla Rama Rao ( born March 8 , 1897 in Rajahmundry -- died February 6 , 1925 ) was an Indian artist .
Doctor Sheik Umar Khan ( 6 March 1975 -- 29 July 2014 ) was the chief Sierra Leonean doctor attempting to curb the country 's Ebola outbreak in 2014 .
Major General Sir Denzil Macarthur - Onslow CBE , DSO , ED ( 5 March 1904 -- 30 November 1984 ) was an Australian general .
Charles Mohun , 4th Baron Mohun ( c. 1675 -- 15 November 1712 ) was an English politician best known for his frequent participation in duels and for his reputation as a rake .
Alfred Baldwin Raper ( 8 May 1889 - 30 April 1941 ) was a British businessman , air force officer and Conservative politician .
Óscar Acosta Zeledón ( 14 April 1933 -- 15 July 2014 ) was a Honduran writer , poet , critic , politician and diplomat .
Philip Naviasky ( 1894 - 1983 ) was a Leeds - based artist .
Sir Joseph Beecham , 1st Baronet ( 8 June 1848 -- 23 October 1916 ) , was a British businessman .
Gerhard Braunitzer ( 24 September 1921 - 27 May 1989 ) was a German biochemist who was a pioneer in protein sequencing .
Col . John Cox Gawler ( 1830 - -1882 ) was a Keeper of the Crown Jewels and British Israelite author .
Sir Richard Marchant Knowles ( 20 May 1917 -- 18 February 2008 ) , known as Dick Knowles , was a British politician known for his work in local government in Birmingham .
Christopher Gallard Gilbert ( 7 September 1936 -- 29 September 1998 ) was a British furniture historian and museum curator .
Dr. Henry Ndifor Abi Enonchong ( 22 March 1934 -- 26 June 2008 ) was a Cameroon barrister .
Ernie England ( 3 February 1901 -- 22 February 1982 ) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back .
Sir John Fowler , 1st Baronet , KCMG , LLD ( 15 July 1817 -- 20 November 1898 ) was an English civil engineer specialising in the construction of railways and railway infrastructure .
Mary Meilak ( 9 August 1905 -- 1 January 1975 ) is one of the few Maltese women poets .
Ralph Payne , 1st Baron Lavington KB PC ( 19 March 1739 -- 3 August 1807 ) was a British politician and Governor of the Leeward Islands .
Isaac Blackwell ( died 1699 ) was a composer and English Cathedral organist , who served at St. Paul 's Cathedral .
Al - Mahdi Ahmad bin al - Husayn ( died 20 February 1258 ) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen who ruled in the period 1248 - 1258 .
Cao Zhenyong ( Chinese : 曹振镛 ; pinyin : Cáo Zhènyōng ; 1755 - -1835 ) was a Chinese statesman of the Qing dynasty .
Shamsher Gazi or Samsher Gazi ( 1712 - 1760 ) was a governor in historical Comilla , Bangladesh .
Nawab Mehdi Nawaz Jung ( 23 May 1894 -- 28 June 1967 ) was an Indian bureaucrat and was Secretary to the Executive Council during the Nizam rule .
Francis H. Schell ( 1834 - -1909 ) was an American artist , illustrator , and lithographer , active in Philadelphia and New York .
Aiyathurai Nadesan , a prominent and veteran minority Sri Lankan Tamil journalist was shot dead on May 31 , 2004 on his way to work in eastern Sri Lankan town of Batticaloa by gunmen belonging to an armed paramilitary group widely believed to be so called Karuna Group .
Thomas Scott , 2nd Earl of Clonmell ( 15 August 1783 -- 18 January 1838 ) , styled Lord Earlsfort between 1793 and 1798 , was an Irish peer and politician .
Lady Mary Dering ( née Mary Harvey ) ( bap . 3 September 1629 -- 7 February 1704 ) was an English composer .
Harry Kiyoshi Ishisaka ( 25 December 1927 -- January 1978 ) was a leading sensei , or master of the Japanese martial art of aikido .
Alfred Paxton Backhouse ( 25 May 1851 -- 1 August 1939 ) was an Australian judge of the District Court of New South Wales , and occasional acting Supreme Court judge .
Lodovic Hugh Gavin ( 25 October 1878 -- 13 November 1940 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played 108 games with Essendon in the years following the formation of the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Horace Tennyson O'Rourke , ( 1880 - -1963 ) was Dublin city architect for Dublin Corporation , now , Dublin City Council from 1922 - 1945 .
Mark Hiddesley or Hildesley ( 1698 - -1772 ) was an Anglican churchman .
Adriaan Stoop ( 18 October 1856 , Dordrecht -- 7 September 1935 , Bloemendaal ) was a Dutch oil explorer .
Elahi Ardabili ( Persian : الهی اردبیلی‎‎ ) ( Kamāl al - Dīn Ḥusayn al - Ilāhī al - Ardabīlī , died 1543 CE ) was an Iranian author and scholar .
Aengus Finucane ( 26 April 1932 -- 6 October 2009 ) was a Roman Catholic missionary of the Spiritan Fathers order , who organized food shipments from Ireland to the Igbo people during the Nigerian Civil War .
Stanisław Bóbr - Tylingo ( 1919 - -2001 ) was a Polish - born historian who specialized in 19th - century Polish history , a Polish resistance fighter who after 1945 had to live his life in exile in Britain and Canada , and a decorated veteran of the Polish Warsaw Uprising in August--
Lester Balog ( April 18 , 1905 -- February 1976 ) was a labor activist and founding member of the Workers ' Film & Photo League .
Paul Fabre ( 1867 -- 18 December 1902 ) was a French Canadian actor , theatre critic and journalist who was active in Paris in the 1890s .
Tadhg Ó Donnchadha ( 1874 -- 1949 ) was an Irish writer , poet , editor , translator and a prominent member of the Gaelic League ( Conradh na Gaeilge ) and the Gaelic Athletic Association .
Gráinne Yeats ( 14 April 1925 - 18 April 2013 ) was an Irish harpist and singer , and also a historian of the Irish harp .
Felice Schiavoni ( 1803 -- January 30 , 1868 ) was an Italian painter , depicting history , genre , and portraits .
Dorothy Osborne , Lady Temple ( 1627 - -1695 ) was a British writer of letters and wife of Sir William Temple , 1st Baronet .
Saul Adadi ( Hebrew : שאול אדאדי‎ , 1850 -- September 18 , 1918 ) was a Sephardi Hakham , rosh yeshiva , and paytan in the 19th - century Jewish community of Tripoli , Libya .
Thomas Mansel , 1st Baron Mansel of Margam PC ( c. 1668 -- 10 December 1723 ) , sometimes referred to as Thomas Mansell , was a Welsh peer and Member of Parliament for Cardiff and Glamorgan .
Apolinary Szeluto ( 23 July 1884 -- 22 August 1966 ) was a Polish pianist and composer of the Mloda Polska style .
Ken Aitken ( 25 June 1928 -- 3 June 2008 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John Ponsonby , 1st Viscount Ponsonby , GCB ( 1770 -- 22 February 1855 ) was a longtime British diplomat and politician .
Patriarch Dorotheus IV Ibn Al - Ahmar ( died 1611 ) , sometime known also as Dorotheus V , was Melkite Patriarch of Antioch from 1604 to 1611 .
Lajos Czinege ( 1924 - -1998 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician , who served as Minister of Defence from 1960 to 1984 .
Thomas Byng ( or Bynge ) ( died 1599 ) was an English academic and lawyer , Master of Clare Hall , Cambridge from 1571 .
Benjamin Shapira ( Hebrew : בנימין שפירא‎ ; 10 June 1913 -- 1993 ) was an Israeli biochemist .
Mikkjel Hemmestveit ( 6 March 1863 -- 22 April 1957 ) , was a Norwegian - American Nordic skier who shared the Holmenkollen medal with his brother , Torjus Hemmestveit in 1928 .
George Brosius ( September 9 , 1839 -- March 17 , 1920 ) was a gymnastics teacher associated from 1854 to 1915 with the Milwaukee Turnverein .
Martha Neumark ( 1904 - -1981 ) was an important figure in the history of women 's ordination as rabbis .
Ali Iman Sharmarke ( Somali : Cali Imaan Sharmaarke , Arabic : علي ايمان شرماركي‎ ) ( b. 1956/1957-d . 11 August 2007 ) was a Somali - Canadian journalist , civil servant and philanthropist .
Thomas Dillon , 4th Viscount Dillon ( 1615 - -1672 ) was an Irish peer .
Rosa Valetti ( 17 March 1878 -- 10 December 1937 ) , born Rosa Vallentin , was a German actress , cabaret performer and singer .
Barbara Blaugdone ( c. 1609 - -1704 ) was an English Quaker preacher , who left an autobiographical account of her travels , evangelism , and religious and political views .
Marie - Jeanne Renard du Bos ( 1701 -- 1730 - 1750 ) , was a French engraver .
Charles Cutler Torrey ( 20 December 1863 -- 12 November 1956 ) was an American historian , archeologist and scholar who presented manuscripturial evidence to support alternate views on Christian and Islamic religious sources and origins .
Nirmal Chandra Jain ( 24 October 1924 -- 22 September 2003 ) was an Indian Politician . He was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of Indian Parliament from Seoni in Madhya Pradesh in 1977 as a candidate of the Janata Party .
John Medley , ( 19 December 1804 -- 9 September 1892 ) , was a Church of England clergyman who became the first bishop of Fredericton in 1845 .
Pandit Lachhu Maharaj ( 1907 - 1978 ) was an Indian classical dancer and choreographer of Kathak .
Will Ingwersen ( 7 May 1905 -- 14 June 1990 ) , nurseryman and alpine specialist of renown .
General Sir Edmund Haythorne KCB ( 1818 -- 18 October 1888 ) was a British Army officer who served as Adjutant - General in India .
Dr. José María Marxuach Echavarría ( baptized as José Monserrate Marxuach Echavarría ) ( April 16 , 1848 -- 1910 ) , was a medical doctor and politician who served twice as Mayor of the City of San Juan , Puerto Rico .
Evripidis Bakirtzis ( Greek : Ευριπίδης Μπακιρτζής ; 16 January 1895 -- 9 March 1947 ) , born in Kozani ( or according to other sources in Serres ) , Ottoman Empire , was a Hellenic Army officer and politician .
Paolo Animuccia ( died 1563 ) was a Renaissance Italian composer .
Misael Acosta Solís ( Ambato , December 16 , 1910 -- Quito , April , 1994 ) was an Ecuadorian naturalist .
Carlo Tessarini ( 1690 -- after 15 December 1766 ) , was an Italian composer and violinist in the late Baroque era .
Antônio Augusto Borges de Medeiros ( 19 November 1863 -- 25 April 1961 ) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician , and the President of Rio Grande do Sul for a total of 35 years ( 1898 - -1908 and 1913 - -1928 ) , during the period of Brazilian history known as the República Velha .
On 22 October 1999 , Dr Hudson Silva died in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Harry Powditch ( 21 May 1894 -- 21 January 1963 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Thomas Lee Ballenger ( December 22 , 1882 -- November 8 , 1987 ) was a historian , author and teacher .
Anthony Keck ( 1726 - -1797 ) was an 18th - century English architect with an extensive practice in Gloucestershire , Worcestershire , Herefordshire and South Wales .
Philip Braham ( 18 June 1881 -- 2 May 1934 ) was an English composer of the early twentieth century , chiefly associated with theatrical work .
Sir John Charles Clegg ( 15 June 1850 -- 26 June 1937 ) , better known as Charles Clegg , was an English footballer and later both chairman and president of the Football Association .
Henry Bromfield ( c. 1610 -- 19 February 1683 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Frank Macky ( 19 December 1891 -- 29 December 1975 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University .
Adolphe Gutmann ( originally Wilhelm Adolf Gutmann ) ( 12 January 1819 -- 22 October 1882 ) was a German pianist and composer who was a pupil and friend of Frédéric Chopin .
Flann Ua Aedha , Abbot of Aran , died 1110 .
Albert Wassell ( 14 June 1892 -- 27 April 1975 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket in seven matches for Warwickshire in 1923 .
Dilys Laye ( 11 March 1934 -- 13 February 2009 ) was an English actress and screenwriter , best known for comedy roles .
Frank Broadstreet Carvell , PC ( 14 August 1862 -- 9 August 1924 ) was a Canadian lawyer , businessman , and politician .
Alan Blackshaw OBE ( 7 April 1933 -- 4 August 2011 ) was an English mountaineer , skier and civil servant who was President of the Alpine Club from 2001 to 2004 and President of the Ski Club of Great Britain from 1997 to 2003 .
Alexandre Joseph Sosnowsky , ( 1937 -- 3 December 2013 ) , better known by the name Sacha Sosno , was an internationally renowned French sculptor and painter .
Col Davey ( 29 June 1927 -- 20 July 2013 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Robert D'Silva ( 7 June 1925 -- 15 October 2015 ) was a Pakistani Roman Catholic prist .
Catherine Littlefield ( 1908 -- 1951 ) was an American ballerina , choreographer , and artistic director .
Miguel Ahumada Sauceda ( 1844 - 1917 ) served as the Governor of Chihuahua and Jalisco .
Leonte Răutu ( until 1945 Lev Nikolayevich ( Nicolaievici ) Oigenstein ; February 28 , 1910 -- 1993 ) was a Bessarabian - born Romanian communist activist and propagandist .
Sir John Rous , 1st Baronet ( c 1608 - 27 November 1670 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1670 .
Consort Song ( 宋貴人 , personal name unknown ) ( died 82 ) , posthumous title Empress Jingyin ( 敬隱后 , literally `` the respectful and hidden empress '' ) , was an imperial consort for Emperor Zhang of Han who was the victim of palace intrigue at the hands of Emperor Zhang 's wife Empress Dou .
Margaret Llewelyn Davies ( 1861 - -1944 ) was the general secretary of the Co - operative Women 's Guild from 1899 until 1921 .
Salvatore Fontana ( Venice , c. 1550s - 1590 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , a minor pupil of Cesare Nebbia active mainly in Rome .
Hedwig of Kalisz ( Polish : Jadwiga Bolesławówna ; 1266 -- 10 December 1339 ) was the second of three daughters born to Boleslaw the Pious and Saint Yolanda of Hungary .
Jacques - Alexandre Laffon de Ladebat ( 2 January 1719 -- 18 November 1797 ) was one of the most important shipbuilders and merchants of the port of Bordeaux in the late 18th century .
Elisabeth of Oettingen also known as Elizabeth of Leuchtenberg ( born : c. 1360 ; died : 9 July 1406 ) was a member of the House of Oettingen - Wallerstein by birth .
Enrico Rocca ( b. Turin , 21 April 1847 -- Genova , 9 June 1915 ) was an Italian violin maker of the 19th and the 20th Centuries and son of Giuseppe Rocca .
Blessed Maria Bolognesi ( 21 October 1924 -- 30 January 1980 ) was a Roman Catholic Italian layperson .
Judocus de Vos ( 1661 - -1734 ) was a Flemish weaver .
Arthur Shoosmith ( 1888 - 1974 ) was an English architect who emigrated to India and worked for a time on behalf of the well - known English architect Sir Edwin Lutyens .
Aylmer Buesst ( 28 January 1883 -- 3 January 1970 ) was an Australian conductor , teacher and scholar , who spent his career in the United Kingdom .
Louise Duprey ( 1957-February 2000 ) was a British character actress , best known for her 1993 stint as shop girl Amy Nelson in ITV1 's soap opera , Coronation Street .
Ernest Prater ( 1864 - -1950 ) was a noted English artist and book illustrator , notable also for his work as a war correspondent and reportage artist during the Anglo - Boer War .
Sybil Arundale ( 20 June 1879 -- 5 September 1965 ) was an English stage and film actress born Sybil Kelly .
Huang Wei ( Chinese : 黃維 ; 1904 - -1989 ) was a Chinese Nationalist military general who fought in the Encirclement Campaigns , Second Sino - Japanese War and Chinese Civil War .
Reginald Hankey ( 3 November 1832 - 25 August 1886 ) was an English amateur cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1853 to 1860 .
Giovanni Stefano Marucelli ( 1586 - c. 1646 ) was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period , active in Tuscany , including Florence and Pisa .
Charlie Backhouse ( died 5 August 1925 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFA between 1891 and 1905 for the Richmond Football Club .
Reinhold Tiling ( 13 June 1893 -- 11 October 1933 ) was a German engineer , pilot and a rocket pioneer .
Jon Eriksson Helland II ( 1849 - -1869 ) was a Norwegian Hardanger fiddle maker from Bø in Telemark .
Sir Francis Arthur Vick ( 5 June 1911 -- 2 September 1998 ) was a physicist and university administrator .
Helen Frances Gregor CM ( 28 June 1921 - 25 May 1989 ) was a Czechoslovakian - Canadian artist who specialised in textile art . She was born in Prague in Czechosolvakia , the daughter of Fred and Lily Lorenz .
Ernst Detlof von Krassow , Swedish noble and military commander , born around 1660 , dead 23 January 1714 , freiherr ( 1707 ) .
Jan Achacy Kmita ( died 1624 ) was a Polish poet and translator from Bochnia .
George Jensen ( 9 August 1878 -- 4 October 1977 ) , is an artist of Danish descent born in Port Clinton , Ohio .
Jure Grando Alilovič or Giure Grando ( 1579 - 1656 ) was a villager from the region of Istria in modern day Croatia ) who may have been the first real person described as a vampire in historical records .
Ubaldo Giraldi ( 1692 - -1775 ) , also known by the Latin name Ubaldus A Sancto Cajetano , was an Italian canonist .
Cui Huan ( 崔渙 ) ( died January 14 , 769 ) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor briefly during the reign of Emperor Suzong -- although he was commissioned by Emperor Suzong 's father Emperor Xuanzong , not Emperor Suzong .
David Keilin FRS ( 21 March 1887 -- 27 February 1963 ) was an entomologist , among other things .
Henry St George , the younger ( 1625 - -1715 ) , was an English Officer of arms .
Marye Dahnke ( August 1897-February 1980 ) was an American home economist who worked for the Kraft Foods corporation , one of the first women to work in the food industry in that role .
Domenico Mariani ( 3 April 1863 -- 23 April 1939 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was President of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See .
Andrew Chan ( Chinese : 陳子維 ; Jyutping : Can4 Zi2 Wai4 ; 12 January 1984 -- 29 April 2015 ) was an Australian who was convicted and executed in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine .
Maurits Binger ( 5 April 1868 -- 9 April 1923 ) was a Dutch film director , producer and screenwriter of the silent era .
Edward Magruder Tutwiler ( October 13 , 1846 -- April 19 , 1925 ) was an American industrialist and civil engineer who was a leading businessman in Birmingham , Alabama .
Li Tai ( Chinese : 李泰 ; pinyin : Lǐ Tài ; 618 -- December 15 , 652 ) , courtesy name Huibao ( 惠褒 ) , nickname Qingque ( 青雀 ) , formally Prince Gong of Pu ( 濮恭王 ) , was an imperial prince of the Chinese Tang Dynasty .
Sulṭāna Taj ul - Alam Safiatuddin Syah ( 1612 -- 23 October 1675 ; born Putri Sri Alam ) was the fourteenth ruler of Aceh .
György Berencsi 3rd ( 4 December 1941 -- 25 April 2013 ) was a Hungarian virologist .
Pierre - Louis Billaudèle ( 20 November 1796 -- 19 October 1869 ) was a priest from , and educated in , France who spent over 30 years of his service in Canada .
Karel Lamač ( 27 January 1897 -- 2 August 1952 ) was a Czech film director , actor , screenwriter and producer .
Sir Maziere Brady , 1st Baronet PC ( 20 July 1796 -- 13 April 1871 ) was an Irish judge , notable for his exceptionally long , though not very distinguished , tenure as Lord Chancellor of Ireland .
Radvila Astikas or Astikaitis ( baptized Nicholas ; Polish : Radziwiłł Ościkowicz ; died in 1477 ) was a magnate , a member of the Astikai and founder of the Radvila ( Radziwiłł ) family .
George Fletcher Moore ( 10 December 1798 -- 30 December 1886 ) was a prominent early settler in colonial Western Australia , and `` one ( of ) the key figures in early Western Australia 's ruling elite '' ( Cameron , 2000 ) .
William Wedd Tuxford ( ca.1826 -- 28 January 1878 ) was a parliamentarian and agricultural machinery dealer in the early days of the Colony of South Australia .
Aylmer Bourke Lambert ( 2 February 1761 -- 10 January 1842 ) was a British botanist , one of the first fellows of the Linnean Society .
Tore Forslund ( 26 February 1927 - -15 March 2000 ) , also known as Spökprästen ( `` the ghostpriest '' ) , was a writer , poet , Lutheran priest , street musician , and editor of the magazine A Voice Crying in the Wilderness , that he founded 1957 .
Major Sir Lord Nicholas Gosselin ( before 1866 -- 4 February 1917 ) was an Irish military officer and intelligence agent .
Alex F. T. W. Rosenberg ( 1926 - -2007 ) was a German - American mathematician who served as the editor of the Proceedings of the American Mathematical Society from 1960 to 1965 , and of the American Mathematical Monthly from 1974 to 1976 .
Robert Galbraith Heath ( 9 May 1915 -- 24 September 1999 ) was an American psychiatrist .
Norm Sexton ( 12 February 1903 -- 21 October 1952 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Edward Acquah ( 23 July 1935 -- 5 October 2011 ) was a Ghanaian footballer striker .
John Henry Whitley ( 8 February 1866 -- 3 February 1935 ) , often known as J. H. Whitley , was a British politician and Georgist .
Charles Ansorge ( born in Spiller ( ? ) , Silesia , Germany , in 1817 ; died in Chicago , 28 October 1866 ) was a German - born musician and composer who , as a Forty - Eighter , emigrated to the United States and worked for a time there also .
Teresa Luisa Gardi ( 22 October 1769 -- 1 January 1837 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic and a member of the Secular Franciscan Order .
Edward Welchman ( 1665 - -1739 ) was an English churchman , known as a theological writer .
Marco Pantani ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈmarko panˈtaːni ) ; 13 January 1970 -- 14 February 2004 ) was an Italian road racing cyclist , widely considered one of the best climbers of his era in professional road bicycle racing .
Min Lu ( Burmese : မင်းလူ ; 18 May 1954 -- 14 August 2013 ) was a Burmese writer .
On 30 October 1972 , at approximately 13:00 , eight - year - old Cengaver Katrancı , together with a friend , were feeding swans on the River Spree ( Gröbenufer street , currently May - Ayim - Ufer ) .
Rabbi Joseph ben Mordechai Gershon HaKohen Ka``tz ( 1510 in Cracow -- 1591 ) , a kohen by birth , rabbi and Talmudist , began his studies in the Talmud at an early age , and became the rosh yeshivah founded for him by his father - in - law .
Jørgen Ryg ( 11 August 1927 -- 28 August 1981 ) was a Danish comedian , jazz musician ( trumpet ) and actor .
Princess Elisabeth Maria of Bavaria ( baptised Elisabeth Maria Anna Henriette Josepha Sophie Amalia Ferdinanda Ludovika Antonia Theresia Kreszentia Ala Ghislane ) ( 10 October 1913 -- 3 March 2005 ) was a German princess of the House of Wittelsbach .
Thomas Tod Stoddart ( 1810 - -1880 ) was a Scottish angler and poet .
Acee Blue Eagle ( 17 August 1907 -- 18 June 1959 ) , also named Alex C. McIntosh , Chebon Ahbulah ( Laughing Boy ) , and Lumhee Holot - Tee ( Blue Eagle ) , was a Muscogee Creek - Pawnee - Wichita artist , educator , dancer , and flute player .
Ivan Skoropadsky ( Ukrainian : Іван Скоропадський ) ( 1646 -- 3 July 1722 ) was a Hetman of Zaporizhian Host , and the successor to the famous Hetman Ivan Mazepa .
Kawleikgyin Ne Win ( Burmese : ကောလိပ်ဂျင်နေဝင်း , pronounced : ( kɔ̀lèdʑɪ̀ɴ nè wɪ́ɴ ) ; 1 October 1928 -- 2 June 1983 ) was a two - time Burmese Academy Award winning Burmese film actor and director .
Wrhwant , Gurwant , Gurwent or Gurvand ( Latin : Vurfandus ) ( died 876 ) was a claimant to the Duchy of Brittany from 874 until his death in opposition to Pascweten , Count of Vannes .
Chris Kennedy ( 1 December 1948 -- 27 August 2013 ) was an Australian AFI Award winning film director , film writer , producer and novelist .
Richard FitzNeal ( or FitzNigel ; c. 1130 -- 10 September 1198 ) , sometimes called Richard of Ely , was a churchman and bureaucrat in the service of Henry II of England .
Loredana Marcello ( 12 December 1572 ) was a Dogaressa of Venice by marriage to the Doge Alvise I Mocenigo ( r. 1570 - 1577 ) .
Alan Killigrew ( 27 January 1918 -- 10 June 2001 ) was an Australian rules footballer who went on to a celebrated career as senior coach in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and West Australian National Football League ( WANFL ) .
Dr. Velen Fanderlik ( 1907 - -1985 ) was Chairman of the Czechoslovakian Scouting organization Junák , and later served on the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1947 until 1951 .
Sally Salisbury ( c.1692 -- 1724 ) , real name Sarah Pridden and also known as Sarah Priddon , was a celebrated prostitute in early 18th - century London .
Dionies Vos ( 1612 -- 25 October 1633 ) , often known by his Latin name Dionysius Vossius , was a Dutch translator .
João Rodrigues da Câmara ( c.1460 -- 1502 ) , son of Rui Gonçalves da Câmara , who became the second Captain - Donatário of the island of São Miguel .
James Ockenden ( July 1885 -- 30 November 1949 ) was an English professional golfer .
Blanche Coleman ( 28 February 1910 -- 22 April 2008 ) was a British musician , the bandleader of the renowned Blanche Coleman And Her All Girls Band , one of the first women 's bands of the 1940s .
Dame Mildred Betty Ridley DBE ( 10 September 1909 -- 1 August 2005 ) was a leading figure in the life of the Church of England from the 1960s into the 1980s , serving as Third Church Estates Commissioner from 1972 until 1981 , the first woman to hold the post .
Renatus Harris ( ca . 1652 - 1724 ) was a master organ maker in England in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries .
Mehmed Ziya Gökalp ( 23 March 1876 -- 25 October 1924 ) was a Turkish sociologist , writer , poet , and political activist .
Anne Elizabeth Baker ( 16 June 1786 - 22 April 1861 ) was a philologist , historian and illustrator of Northampton , England .
Maharao Pragmalji II , GCSI ( 1839−1875 ) ( reign : 1860 - 1875 ) was the Rao of Princely State of Cutch , a ruler of Jadeja dynasty who ascended the throne upon death of his father & king Rao Deshalji II on 26 July 1860 and ruled till his death on 19 December 1875 .
William Henry Charsley ( 1820 -- 2 November 1900 ) was an English academic , Master of Charsley 's Hall , Oxford from 1865 to 1891 .
Sophie el Goulli ( 4 February 1932 -- 10 October 2015 ) was a Tunisian writer and art historian .
Tolia Nikiprowetzky ( 12 or 25 September 1916 -- 5 May 1997 ) was a French composer and musicologist of Russian birth .
Ingrid Bergman ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈɪŋːrɪd ˈbærjman ) ; 29 August 1915 -- 29 August 1982 ) was a Swedish actress who starred in a variety of European and American films .
Sir William Fordyce ( 1724 - -1792 ) was a Scottish physician .
Arius ( Berber : Aryus ; Ancient Greek : Ἄρειος , AD 250 or 256 - -336 ) was a Christian presbyter and ascetic of Libyan birth , possibly of Berber extraction , and priest in Alexandria , Egypt , of the church of the Baucalis .
Bülent Arel ( 23 April 1919 -- 24 November 1990 ) was a Turkish - born composer of contemporary classical music and electronic music .
Jack Hadlington ( 16 August 1933 -- August 2015 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Walsall .
Wang Guowei ( Chinese : 王國維 ; 2 December 1877 -- 2 June 1927 ) , courtesy name Jing'an ( 靜安 ) or Baiyu ( 伯隅 ) , was a Chinese scholar , writer and poet .
Rupert Kniele ( 1844 - -1911 ) was a German volapükist and volapükologist .
Prof Daniel Fowler Cappell CBE FRSE LLD ( 28 February 1900 -- 13 February 1976 ) was a leading Scottish physician and pathologist .
Eosterwine ( or Easterwine ) ( 650 -- 7 March 686 ) was the second Anglo - Saxon Abbot of Wearmouth in Northumbria ( England ) .
Sir Peter Nicol Russell ( 4 July 1816 -- 10 July 1905 ) was an Australian foundry owner , philanthropist and university benefactor .
George Doukas Philanthropenos ( Greek : Γεώργιος Δούκας Φιλανθρωπηνός ; died before 1452 ) was a close confidant of Byzantine Emperor John VIII Palaiologos ( r. 1425 - -1448 ) and served briefly as mesazon ( chief minister ) of the Byzantine Empire in 1438 - -1439 .
Krokodeilos Kladas ( Greek : Κροκόδειλος Κλαδάς , 1425 - -1490 ) , also known as Korkodeilos , Krokondeilos , or Korkondelos , was a Greek military leader , specifically an armatolos , in the Morea ( medieval Peloponnese ) who fought against the Ottomans on behalf of the Republic of Venice during the latter 15th century .
Else Werring , née Wilhelmsen ( 29 April 1905 -- 23 November 1989 ) was a Norwegian royal servant .
George W. Jamieson ( 1810 - 1868 ) was an American actor and lapidary , born in Varick Street , New York .
Mustafa Murat Sökmenoğlu ( 31 January 1945 -- 20 June 2014 ) was a Turkish politician who was a parliamentary deputy from 1983 to 1989 and from 1999 to 2002 .
Clotilde von Derp , stage name of Clotilde Margarete Anna Edle von der Planitz ( 5 November 1892 -- 11 January 1974 ) , was a German expressionist dancer , an early exponent of modern dance .
Koula Agagiotou ( Greek : Κούλα Αγαγιώτου ; 1915 -- 25 October 2006 ) was a Greek actress .
John Thompson Charlton , also known as John Charlton Thompson ( 1826 -- 26 November 1878 ) was a politician in colonial Victoria ( Australia ) , a member of the Victorian Legislative Council .
Euphemia Lamb ( c.1889 - -1957 ) , born Nina Forrest , was an artists ' model and the wife of Henry Lamb .
Richard Mansfield ( 24 May 1857 -- 30 August 1907 ) was an English actor - manager best known for his performances in Shakespeare plays , Gilbert and Sullivan operas and for his portrayal of the dual title roles in Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde .
Martim Mércio da Silveira ( 2 March 1911 - 16 August 1972 ) , in Argentina better known as Martín Mercío Silveyra , was a Brazilian football player .
Ioannis Petridis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Πετρίδης ; 18 August 1931 -- 6 January 2016 ) was a Greek economist and politician .
Abel Ingpen ( 20 May 1796 , Chelsea -- 14 September 1854 ) was an English entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera .
Gerald McConnell ( 1931 -- June 14 , 2004 ) was an American illustrator best known for his works on paperback books .
Eberhard von Brockhusen , ( 1869 - 1939 ) , was a patron of the List society who lived at Langen in Brandenburg , Germany .
Timur Kacharava ( Russian : Тиму́р Влади́мирович Качара́ва , Timur Vladimirovich Kacharava ; Georgian : თემურ კაჭარავა , T’emur Kach’arava ) ( 21 August 1985 -- 13 November 2005 ) was a Russian rock musician and anti - fascist activist of Georgian origin .
Julian Sas - Kuilovsky ( Ukrainian : Куїловський Юліан ; 1 May , 1826 -- 4 May , 1900 ) was the Metropolitan Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from 1899 until his death in 1900 .
Slimane Hadj Abderrahmane ( 5 August 1973 -- 2013 ) was a Danish citizen who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps , in Cuba .
Edouard Henri Mercier ( 1816 -- 1886 ) was the French ambassador to the United States from July 1860 through December 1863 during the American Civil War ( 1861 - -1865 ) .
Albert Vivian D'Costa ( 1904 - -1996 ) was an administrator and architect of the Indian Railways during its inception .
Charlotte Maria Tucker ( 8 May 1821 -- 2 December 1893 ) was a prolific writer and poet for children and adults , who wrote under the pseudonym A.L.O.E. ( a Lady of England )
Johan Sems ( 1572 - January 1635 ) , sometimes known as Johan Semp , was a Dutch cartographer , engineer and land surveyor .
Hamid Reza Chitgar ( 7 July 1949 - 19 May 1987 , also known as Hamid Bahmani ) was an exiled Iranian politician who lived in France after the Iranian Revolution and was assassinated in Austria by the Iranian government .
Al - Mu'tadid II ( Arabic : المعتضد بالله‎ ) was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo , Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1414 and 1441 .
Osman Saqizli ( Turkish : Sakızlı Osman Paşa , literally , Osman Pasha of Chios ) ( died 1672 ) , ( r.1649 - 72 ) was Dey and Pasha of Tripolis .
Paddington Mhondoro ( 27 September 1986 -- 13 March 2015 ) was a Zimbabwean cricketer who played a single limited - overs match for Mid West Rhinos during the 2013 - -14 season .
Maria Giuseppa Rossello , FdM ( 27 May 1811 -- 7 December 1880 ) was an Italian Religious Sister who founded the Daughters of Our Lady of Mercy .
Thalun died on 19 October 1648 , succeeded by his son Pindale .
Maria Chefaliady - Taban ( 4 November 1863 -- 11 June 1932 ) was a Romanian pianist , music educator and composer .
Mieczysław Kościelniak ( Polish pronunciation : ( mjɛˈt͡ʂɨswaf kɔˈɕt͡ɕɛlɲak ) ; born 29 January 1912 in Kalisz , died 5 March 1993 in Słupsk ) was a Polish painter , graphic designer , and draftsman , brother of Władysław and Tadeusz Kościelniak .
Gabriel Furman ( January 23 , 1800 Brooklyn , Kings County , New York -- November 11 , 1854 Brooklyn ) was an American lawyer , historian and politician from New York .
Edward Gould Buffum ( 1820 - -1867 ) was born in Rhode Island to Arnold Buffum , a well known philanthropist in New England .
Urban Sea ( February 18 , 1989 -- 2 March 2009 ) was a French Thoroughbred racemare best known for winning France 's most prestigious race in 1993 and for her importance as a world class broodmare .
Moritz Kellerhoven ( 1758 - 15 December 1830 ) was a German portrait painter and etcher .
Turn - To ( 1951 - -1973 ) was a British - bred , American - trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire .
Oil Kumar ( 1951 - -1990 ) aka `` Boot House Kumar '' , ganglord and organized crime boss , headed the Bangalore underworld in the 1980s along with other notable figures such as M. P. Jayaraj and Kotwal Ramachandra .
Robin Skelton ( 12 October 1925 -- 22 August 1997 ) was a British - born academic , writer , poet , and anthologist .
Christine Goodwin ( 1937 -- 8 December 2014 ) was a British transgender rights activist who played a crucial role in forcing the UK government to introduce the Gender Recognition Act 2004 .
Friedrich Schickendantz ( also known as Federico Schickendantz ) ( 15 January 1837 - 4 April 1896 ) was a German nationalized Argentine scientist who worked in the fields of mineralogy , chemistry , botany , geology , and meteorology .
Doran William Cannon ( 1937 - -2005 ) was born in Toledo , Ohio , and graduated from Columbia College .
Rudolph Septimus Siegling ( 3 December 1839 -- 13 March 1894 ) was a Civil War veteran , legislator and prominent lawyer in Charleston , South Carolina .
Sir Bennet Hoskyns , 1st Baronet ( 1609 -- 1680 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1640 and 1659 .
Kenneth Goff ( c. 1915 -- 1972 ) was a Christian Identity minister and anti - Communist crusader .
Jean Louis Marie Eugène Durieu ( 1800 - -1874 ) was an early French nude photographer , primarily known for his early nude photographs of men and women .
John William Streets , better known as Will Streets ( 24 March 1886 -- 1 July 1916 ) was an English soldier and poet of the First World War .
Alfredo Bravo ( 30 April 1925 -- 26 May 2003 ) was an Argentine Socialist politician , teacher , leader of the teachers ' union CTERA , human rights fighter , and legislator .
Carry Hauser , born Carl Maria Hauser ( 16 February 1895 -- 28 October 1985 ) , was an Austrian painter , stage set designer and poet .
Wilhelm Wirtinger ( 15 July 1865 -- 15 January 1945 ) was an Austrian mathematician , working in complex analysis , geometry , algebra , number theory , Lie groups and knot theory .
Billibellary died on 10 August 1846 of inflammation of the lungs , an ailment which killed many of his people in the period after contact with Europeans .
Jonathan Gostelowe ( 1744 or 1745 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania - 1795 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was an 18th - century American cabinetmaker , best remembered for his Philadelphia Chippendale - style furniture .
Renaat Braem ( 29 August 1910 -- 31 January 2001 ) was a leading Belgian architect and urban planner in the latter half of the twentieth century .
Ini Kopuria ( died 1945 ) , a police officer from Maravovo , Guadalcanal , Solomon Islands formed the Melanesian Brotherhood in 1925 .
Norm Stephenson ( 1 May 1879 -- 27 January 1936 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
James Kershaw ( 1795 -- 1864 ) was a British cotton mill owner and Liberal MP , associated with the Anti - Corn Law League .
Rafał Taubenschlag ( Raphael Taubenschlag ; 8 May 1881 , in Przemyśl -- 25 June 1958 , in Warsaw ) was a Polish historian of law , a specialist in Roman law and papyrology .
Jack Keily ( 6 August 1898 -- 2 February 1966 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Francisc Panet or Paneth ( 1907 - -November 7 , 1941 ) was a Romanian chemical engineer and communist activist executed by the pro - Nazi authorities during the Second World War .
Borislav Traikovski ( 1917 - -1996 ) is a Macedonian painter .
Richard Óge Burke , 7th lord of Clanricarde , died 1519 .
Vic Tandy ( 1955 -- 23 July 2005 ) was a British lecturer in information technology at Coventry University in Warwickshire and an engineer .
Rev Dr Patrick Foley BA , DD ( 1857 -- 1926 ) was a Roman Catholic professor , priest and Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin .
Wang Xianghao or Shianghao Wang ( Chinese : 王湘浩 ; 5 May 1915 -- 4 May 1993 ) was a Chinese mathematician who introduced the Grunwald--
Warner Troyer ( 6 January 1932 -- 15 September 1991 ) was a Canadian broadcast journalist and writer .
John Gadbury ( 1627 - -1704 ) was an English astrologer , and a prolific writer of almanacs and on other related topics .
Lilly Daché ( 10 October 1898 -- 31 December 1989 ) was a French milliner and fashion designer .
Alexander Macdougall Cooke ( 17 October 1899 -- 5 January 1999 ) was a British doctor and academic at the University of Oxford .
Obbe Philips ( ca . 1500 - -1568 ) ( also spelled Philipsz and Filips ) was one of the early founders of Dutch Anabaptism .
George Coventry , 3rd Baron Coventry ( 1628 -- 15 December 1680 ) was an English nobleman , the eldest son of Thomas Coventry , 2nd Baron Coventry and Mary Craven .
Deng Tingzhen ( Chinese : 鄧廷楨 ; pinyin : Dèng Tíngzhēn ; Wade -- Giles : Teng T'ing - chen ; 1776 - -1846 ) was the Governor - General of Liangguang ( Guangdong and Guangxi ) from early 1836 until early 1840 .
Seán McGuinness ( died 28 October 1978 ) , also known as John McGuinness , was an Irish republican who was elected to Dáil Éireann but did not take his seat and was later disqualified .
Stephen Rowland Pierce F.R.I.B.A , F.S.A. ( 1896 - -1966 ) was an architect and town planning consultant .
Thomas McCall ( 1834 - -1904 ) was a Scottish cartwright .
James Trubshaw ( 13 February 1777 -- 28 October 1853 ) was an English builder , architect and civil engineer .
Nevena Kokanova ( Bulgarian : Невена Коканова ) ( 12 December 1938 -- 3 June 2000 ) was a Bulgarian film actress .
Gary DeVore ( September 17 , 1941 -- June 28 , 1997 ) was a Hollywood screenwriter best known for Raw Deal and for his bizarre death in 1997 .
Lü Wencheng ( 吕文成 , pinyin : Lǚ Wénchéng , or Lui Man Sing in Cantonese ) ( 1898 - 1981 ) was a Chinese composer and musician .
John MacNeil ( 1854-August 1896 ) , was a Presbyterian author and evangelist in Australia .
Tage William - Olsson ( 8 June 1888 -- 22 August 1960 ) was a Swedish architect and chief town planning architect of Gothenburg .
Florence Reeves ( 17 February 1894 -- 30 August 2005 ) was an English suffragette , civil servant and notable supercentenarian .
George Spencer , 4th Duke of Marlborough , KG , PC , FRS ( 26 January 1739 -- 29 January 1817 ) , styled Marquess of Blandford until 1758 , was a British courtier and politician from the Spencer family .
Karl Glitscher ( 1886 -- 1945 ) was a German physicist who made contributions to quantum mechanics .
Anthony Greville - Bell DSO ( 7 March 1920 -- 4 March 2008 ) was an Australian - born officer who served in the Special Air Service during World War II and later a notable scriptwriter and sculptor .
Eddie Pollack or Pollock ( May 9 , 1899 -- June 1955 ) was an American jazz saxophonist .
Krzysztof Perwanger ( 1700 - -1785 ) was a Polish sculptor and mayor .
Hans de Jong ( 26 March 1932 -- 3 March 2011 ) was a Dutch sculptor , designer and ceramist .
Les Laver ( 9 December 1900 -- 9 January 1982 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the late 1920s and early 1930s .
Francesco Bordoni ( 1580 - -1654 ) , also known as Francisque Bourdon , was an Italian sculptor who was active mainly in France .
Henrik Hybertsson ( or Hendrik Hubertsen ) ( died 1627 ) was a Dutchborn master shipbuilder working in the Stockholm navy yard in the early 17th century .
Hjalmar Stolpe ( 23 April 1841 -- 27 January 1905 ) , was a Swedish entomologist , archaeologist , and ethnographer .
Chung Chil - sung ( 1897 - -1958 ) , also known by her pen name Geumjuk , was a Korean dancer , feminist , and independence activist .
Sheikh Salahuddin Ahmed ( 10 February 1969 -- 29 October 2013 ) was a Bangladeshi international cricketer .
Countess Magdalena Elisabeth of Hanau - Münzenberg ( 28 March 1611 -- 26 February 1687 ) was a German noblewoman .
Balthazar Korab ( Hungarian : Koráb Boldizsár ; 1926 - -2013 ) was a photographer based in Detroit , Michigan specializing in architectural , art and landscape photography .
Leif Schiller ( 4 April , 1939 - 21 October , 2007 ) was a Danish - born fashion and commercial photographer .
Edgar Allison Peers ( 7 May 1891 -- 21 December 1952 ) , also known by his pseudonym Bruce Truscot , was an English Hispanist and educationist .
Sir Rabindrah Ghurburrun ( 1928 - -2008 ) was the Vice President of Mauritius from 1992 to 1997 .
Robert Beatson , LL.D. FRSE FSA ( 1742 - 1818 ) was a Scottish compiler and miscellaneous writer .
Eugen Miskolczy ( Croatian : Miškolci : 16 January 1907 -- 18 January 1947 ) was Croatian physician , Partisan and Major in the Yugoslav People 's Army .
Alexander Speirs ( died 5 October 1844 ) was a Scottish politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1835 to 1841 .
Mercedes Gleitze or Mercedes Carey ( 18 November 1900 -- 9 February 1981 ) was a British professional swimmer .
Punya Thitimajshima ( 9 November 1955 -- 9 May 2006 ) , a Thai professor in the department of telecommunications engineering at King Mongkut 's Institute of Technology at Ladkrabang , is the co - inventor with Claude Berrou and Alain Glavieux of a groundbreaking coding scheme called turbo codes .
James Scurry ( 1766 - -1822 ) was a British soldier and memoirist .
Theobald the Elder ( 854 - 942 ) was a Norman Count of Chartres in medieval France .
Luis Landa Escober ( December 28 , 1875 - 1977 ) was a Honduran academic , scientist and lawyer .
Frank McClean FRS ( 1837 - -1904 ) was a British astronomer and pioneer of objective prism spectrography .
Ugolino Brunforte ( c. 1262 -- c. 1348 ) was an Italian Friar Minor and chronicler .
Kostas Rigopoulos ( 1930 -- 14 January 2001 ) ( Greek : Κώστας Ρηγόπουλος ) was a Greek actor .
John Saunders Taylor ( February 23 , 1875 -- 1958 ) was a college football player and coach as well as an attorney .
Johann Heinrich Schmelzer ( c. 1620 - -1623 -- between 29 February and 20 March 1680 ) was an Austrian composer and violinist of the Baroque era .
Trevor Kent ( 24 April 1940 -- 4 November 1989 ) was an Australian theatre and television actor who achieved a level of public recognition in the 1980s .
Richard Himber ( 20 February 1899 - 11 December 1966 ) was an American bandleader , composer , violinist , magician and practical joker .
Henry Eustace Guinness ( 22 September 1897 -- 19 February 1972 ) was an Irish banker and politician .
Édouard Montpetit ( 1881 - -1954 ) was a Quebec lawyer , economist and academic .
Pietro Gaspari ( 1720 - -1785 ) was an Italian artist , known for veduta and capriccio in etchings and paintings .
Larry Rice ( 24 March 1946 -- 20 May 2009 ) was an American racing driver in the USAC and CART Championship Car series .
Arthur Hayley ( birth registered April→June 1854 -- death registered January→March 1947 ( aged 92 ) ) birth registered in Wakefield district , was an English rugby union footballer of the 1880s , playing at representative level for Yorkshire , and at club level for Wakefield Trinity , death registered in Wakefield district .
William Edward Gumbleton ( 2 March 1840 -- 4 April 1911 ) was an eminent Irish horticulturist with at least one species ( Arctotis gumbletonii ) and two cultivars named after him .
Harry Austin ( 17 April 1892 -- 29 August 1968 ) was an English cricketer who played six first - class matches between the wars : four for Warwickshire in 1919 , and two for Worcestershire in 1928 .
Grete von Zieritz ( 10 March 1899 -- 26 November 2001 ) was an Austrian - German composer and pianist .
Pope Marinus II ( or Martin III ; died May 946 ) , was Pope from 30 October 942 to his death in 946 .
Thomas Jeffery Parker F.R.S. ( 17 October 1850 -- 7 November 1897 ) was a zoologist who worked in New Zealand .
William Hacket , also known as Hackett ( died 1591 ) , was an English puritan and religious fanatic , who claimed to be a messiah and called for the removal of Queen Elizabeth I. He was executed in London after being found guilty of treason .
Yun Gwan ( 12 July 1040 - 15 June 1111 ) was a general of Goryeo who was known for training a seventeen - thousand man army and leading it to victory against the Jurchens tribes .
Jan Konopacki ( born ? - died April 23 , 1530 in Lubawa ) - Bishop of Culm ( Chełmno ) ( 1508 - 1530 ) , Treasury of the King of Poland , Provost of Malbork .
John Stilley Carpenter ( 11 February 1849 at Centreville , Delaware -- 3 January 1925 at Kanab , Utah ) was a pioneer settler of Utah and fifth bishop of the LDS Church in Glendale , Utah ( Kanab Stake ) in Kane County , Utah .
Senjee Pulney Andy ( 1831 -- September 1909 ) , also known by name S. Parani Andi or S. Parani Andy , was a doctor by profession and , in 1860 , became the first Indian to receive a British medical degree .
Aripert II ( also spelled Aribert ) was the king of the Lombards from 701 to 712 .
Werner Naumann ( 16 June 1909 -- 25 October 1982 ) was State Secretary in Joseph Goebbels ' Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda during the Third Reich .
Norah Hoult ( 10 September 1898 -- 6 April 1984 ) was an Irish writer of novels and short stories .
Thomas Some D.D. ( d. 5 May 1649 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1622 to 1644
Scott Barchard Wilson ( 1865 - 1923 ) was a British ornithologist and explorer .
Juan Pablos obtained the necessary patents and permissions to continue Cromberger 's workshop as his own after the death of Cromberger in 1540 , until his own death in 1560 or 1561 , when he had printed at least 37 books .
John Venning ( 1776 - -1858 ) was an English merchant , and a philanthropist interested in prison reform in Russia , where he was in business .
Yehoshua Rabinovitz ( Hebrew : יהושע רבינוביץ‎ , born 12 November 1911 , died 14 August 1979 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister and mayor of Tel Aviv .
Henry Dundas Trotter ( 1802 - -1859 ) was a Scottish officer of the Royal Navy , who reached the rank of rear - admiral .
Reginald New born Lewisham , Kent ( April 1902 ) -- died Beckenham , Kent ( 28 November 1958 ) was a popular UK theatre organist whose career spanned the 1920s through to the 1950s .
Amasa Holcomb ( 1787 - 1875 ) was an American farmer , surveyor , civil engineer , businessman , and manufacturer of surveying instruments and telescopes .
Ante Bakotić ( 14 June 1921 -- 22 April 1945 ) was a Croatian Partisan known for marking the beginning of the 1945 breakthrough from the Jasenovac concentration camp by shouting `` Forward , comrades ! ' .
Fryderyk Sapieha ( before 1599 - 1650 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian noble from Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Cao Chun ( died 210 ) , courtesy name Zihe , was a cavalry general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
John Walley ( died 1615 ) , was an English politician .
Ralph Wheelock ( 1600 - -1683 ) was an English Puritan minister , American colonial public official , and educator .
James Joseph Rowley ( October 14 , 1908 -- November 1 , 1992 ) was the head of the United States Secret Service between 1961 and 1973 , under Presidents Kennedy , Johnson , and Nixon .
Joseph Maréchal ( 1 July 1878 -- 11 December 1944 ) was a Belgian Jesuit priest , philosopher , theologian and psychologist .
Frederic Seebohm , Baron Seebohm , TD ( 18 January 1909 -- 15 December 1990 ) , was a British banker , soldier and social work innovator .
Kiyoaki Saibara ( 1884 - -1972 ) and his father Seito Saibara are credited with much of the success of the Texas Gulf Coast rice crop .
Trevor Roberts ( 25 February 1942 -- June 1972 ) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a Goalkeeper .
Fulk Bourchier , 10th Baron FitzWarin ( 25 October 1445 -- 18 September 1479 ) was the son and heir of William Bourchier , 9th Baron FitzWarin ( 1407 - 1470 ) and the father of John Bourchier , 1st Earl of Bath .
St Clare John Byrne ( 1831 - 1915 ) was a British naval architect , who specialized in the design of luxury yachts during the late Victorian and early Edwardian period .
Ike Woods ( 20 August 1879 -- 28 September 1962 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
George Sondes , 1st Earl of Feversham KB ( Nov 1599 -- 16 April 1677 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1626 and 1676 and was then created a peer and member of the House of Lords .
William de Turbeville ( or William Turbe ; c. 1095 -- January 1174 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
John Christie Wright ( 22 August 1889 -- 2 May 1917 ) , generally referred to as J. Christie Wright , was a Scottish - born Australian sculptor .
Sir Rupert Alfred Kettle ( 9 January 1817 -- 6 October 1894 ) was an English barrister and county court judge , involved in arbitration of trade disputes .
John Durang ( 6 January 1768 -- 31 March 1822 ) was the first native - born American to become known as a dancer .
Frederick Norton Cook DSC ( 20 February 1905 -- 1 August 1985 ) , usually known as F. N. Cook was an officer of the Royal Australian Navy .
Wiktor Tomir Drymmer ( 1896 - -1975 ) was a Polish Army colonel and intelligence officer .
Richard Neele , Knt . , King 's Serjeant KS ( died 1486 ) was a British judge .
Jack Powers ( John Power ) ( 1827 -- November 1860 ) was an Irish born gambler , outlaw , highway - robber , gang leader , and murderer in southern and central California during the Gold Rush era .
Arthur Robert Hinks , CBE , FRS ( 26 May 1873 -- 14 April 1945 ) was a British astronomer and geographer .
Alexander von Volborth / Aleksandr Fedorovich von Volborth ( 1800 - 1876 ) , was a Russian palaeontologist .
Sir George Speke , 2nd Baronet ( 1 October 1653 - 14 January 1683 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1675 and 1683 .
Dr. Jay C. Smith ( c. 1929 -- May 12 , 2009 ) was a Pennsylvania high school principal who was convicted and sentenced to death in 1986 for the 1979 murder of Susan Reinert and her two children .
Josiah Fisher Bell ( 1820-October 1890 ) was the youngest son of Josiah Bell ( for whom the Bell House is named ) and his wife Mary .
Nawab Kapur Singh ( 1697 - -1753 ) is considered one of the pivotal figures in Sikh history , under whose leadership the Sikh community traversed one of the darkest periods of its history .
Frank Egginton ( 10 November 1908 -- 7 April 1990 ) was a British contemporary painter .
Richard Clark Kroeger Jr. died 9 November 2010 , Catherine Clark Kroeger on 14 February 2011 .
Randle Ayrton ( 9 August 1869 -- 28 May 1940 ) was a British actor , producer and director .
Robert Clements , 1st Earl of Leitrim ( 25 November 1732 -- 27 July 1804 ) was an Irish nobleman and politician .
Gian Paolo Iraldo ( 2 June 1943 - 17 August 2009 ) was an Italian sprinter , mainly specialized in 400 metres .
José Maria de Sousa Horta e Costa , CavA , OA , OSE ( 20 October 1858 -- 21 September 1927 ) , also known as José Maria de Sousa Horta e Costa ( de ) Almeida e Vasconcelos , was a Portuguese soldier , politician , and diplomat .
J. H. Wallis ( 1885 - 1958 ) was a writer whose best - selling book Once Off Guard ( in later publications it was called The Woman in the Window ) was made into a film , The Woman in the Window ( 1944 ) , directed by Fritz Lang .
James Edward Allen Gibbs ( 1829 - -1902 ) was a farmer , inventor , and businessman from Rockbridge County in the Shenandoah Valley in Virginia .
John O'Banion ( 16 February 1947 -- 14 February 2007 ) was an American vocalist and actor .
Henry Sidambarom ( 5 July 1863 -- 15 September 1952 ) was a Justice of the Peace and defender of the cause of Indian workers in Guadaloupe .
Ernest Milton ( 7 August 1897 -- 2 September 1984 ) was an English footballer who played as a left or right back for Sheffield United in The Football League .
Gladys Henson ( 27 September 1897 -- 21 December 1982 ) was a British actress whose career lasted from 1932 to 1976 and included roles on stage , radio , films and television series .
Kapitein Broos ( 1821 - -1880 ) was a Surinamese freedom fighter .
Luca Pitti ( 1398 - -1472 ) was a Florentine banker during the period of the republic presided over by Cosimo de ' Medici .
Matthew Hamont ( died 20 May 1579 ) was a Norfolk ploughwright , accused of heresy , who was burnt at the stake in Norwich Castle by the Church of England .
J. Bowyer Bell ( 15 November 1931 -- 23 August 2003 ) was an American historian , artist and art critic .
Juntree Siriboonrod ( Thai : จันตรี ศิริบุญรอด ; March 31 , 1917 -- March 13 , 1968 ) was a Thai novelist .
Karl Jakob Weber ( 12 August 1712 -- 1764 ) was a Swiss architect and engineer who was in charge of the first organized excavations at Herculaneum , Pompeii and Stabiae , under the patronage of Charles III of Naples .
Robert Huish ( 1777 -- April 1850 ) was a prolific , but generally poorly regarded , English author of history books , novels , and miscellaneous other works .
Theophilus Enos Pike ( 25 March 1907 -- 26 October 1967 ) , known as Tot Pike , was an English professional footballer who scored 33 goals in 123 appearances in the Football League playing for Fulham , Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic , Birmingham , Southend United and Norwich City .
Nasib al - Bakri ( 1888 -- 1966 ) was a Syrian politician and nationalist leader in the first half of the 20th century .
John Dibblee Crace ( 1838 -- 18 November 1919 ) was a distinguished British interior designer who provided decorative schemes for the British Museum , the National Gallery , the Royal Academy , Tyntesfield and Longleat among many other notable buildings .
William Carstares ( also Carstaires ) ( 11 February 1649 -- 28 December 1715 ) , was a minister of the Church of Scotland , active in Whig politics .
Eduardo Neumann Gandía ( 1852 -- 1913 ) , was one of Puerto Rico 's most accomplished historians .
Shō Gen ( 尚元 ) ( 1528 - -1572 ) was king of the Ryūkyū Kingdom from 1556 to 1572 .
Elisha John Durbin ( February 1 , 1800 in Madison County , Kentucky -- 1887 at Shelbyville , Kentucky ) was an American Roman Catholic priest , known as the `` patriarch - priest of Kentucky '' .
Laura Martinozzi ( 27 May 1639 -- 19 July 1687 ) was a Duchess consort of Modena .
Publius Atilius Aebutianus ( died 188 ) was a prefect of the Roman imperial bodyguard , known as the Praetorian Guard , during the reign of emperor Commodus , from 185 until his death in 188 .
Sir Frank Trevor Roger Bigham , KBE , CB ( 22 May 1876 -- 23 November 1954 ) , known as Sir Trevor Bigham , was an English barrister , an Assistant Commissioner of the London Metropolitan Police from 1914 to 1931 , and Deputy Commissioner from 1931 to 1935 .
Abu Abdallah Ya'qub ibn Dawud ( died 802 ) was a close confidant of the Abbasid Caliph al - Mahdi ( r. 775 - -785 ) and vizier of the Caliphate for a period of three years ( 779/80 - -782/3 ) .
Friedrich Gulda ( 16 May 1930 -- 27 January 2000 ) was an Austrian pianist and composer who worked in both the classical and jazz fields .
Frank Showell Styles ( 14 March 1908 -- 19 February 2005 ) was a Welsh writer and mountaineer .
Giovanni Andrea Lampugnani ( died 26 December 1476 ) was a member of the Milanese nobility and an assassin of Galeazzo Maria Sforza , the Duke of Milan .
Gayle Williams ( 18 December 1973 -- 20 October 2008 ) was an aid worker for SERVE Afghanistan of joint British and South African nationality .
Col . Samuel Thaxter ( 1665 - 1740 ) , Hingham , Massachusetts , was one of the most prominent and influential citizens in Plymouth , New England .
Bede Evelyn Dominick Elwes ( 24 August 1931 -- 5 September 1975 ) was an English portrait painter , credited as Dominick Elwes or Dominic Elwes , whose much publicized elopement with an heiress in 1957 created an international scandal .
Margaret of Brieg ( 1342 - -1386 ) was a daughter of Ludwik I the Fair and his wife , Agnes of Sagan .
William Callister MHK ( 1808 - -1872 ) was a timber importer from Ramsey who became a Member of the House of Keys .
Charlotte Jay was the pseudonym adopted by Australian mystery writer and novelist , Geraldine Halls ( 17 December 1919 - 27 October 1996 ) .
Eva Knardahl Freiwald ( 10 May 1927 -- 3 September 2006 ) was a Norwegian pianist , with a noted career both as a child prodigy and adult performer .
Noel Peverill ( 25 December 1907 -- 21 October 1997 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Georg Joseph Beer ( 23 December 1763 -- 11 April 1821 ) was an Austrian ophthalmologist .
Tino Schirinzi ( 12 August 1934 - 18 August 1993 ) , was an Italian actor and stage director .
Thom Keyes ( 1949 - -1995 ) , was a writer , of science fiction and screenplays .
Sámal Pætursson Lamhauge , died 1752 in Lambi , Faroe Islands .
Charles Burger Woodcock , created Freiherr Woodcock - Savage , later Charles Woodcock - Savage ( 1 May 1850 -- 26 June 1923 ) was a New Yorker who achieved notoriety as the lover of King Karl of Württemberg , by some decades his elder .
Heinrich Gontermann ( 25 February 1896 -- 30 October 1917 ) was a German First World War fighter ace credited with 39 victories during the war .
Aubrey de Vere , 1st Earl of Oxford ( c. 1115 -- 26 December 1194 ) was a noble involved in the succession conflict between King Stephen and Empress Matilda in the mid - twelfth century .
Meg Shelton ( died 1705 ) known as the `` Fylde Hag '' was an English woman accused of witchcraft .
David Austin Sayre ( March 12 , 1793 - September , 1870 ) was a prominent silversmith , banker and educator .
Jack Stelling ( 23 May 1924 in Washington , England - March 1993 ) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back .
Arne Kildal ( 10 December 1885 -- 7 December 1972 ) was a Norwegian author , librarian and civil servant .
Francis Gwyn PC ( 1648 -- 14 June 1734 ) , was a Welsh politician and official .
Tiberius Avidius Quietus ( died by 107 ) was a Roman politician who flourished under the emperors Domitian , Nerva and Trajan .
Mick Falvey died following a short illness in the Mater Hospital on Wednesday , 20 December 2006 .
William Otto Adolph Julius Danckwerts KC ( 1853 -- 25 April 1914 ) was a noted British lawyer .
Edgar Sanderson ( 1838 - -1907 ) was an English cleric , schoolteacher and historical writer .
Pedro Sotillo ( 1902 - -1977 ) was a Venezuelan writer , journalist , and poet .
George Molnar ( 1910 - -1998 ) was born in Nagyvarad , Romania but came to Australia in the late 1930s , where he practiced as a cartoonist .
Henry Howard , 1st Earl of Northampton ( 25 February 1540 -- 15 June 1614 ) was an important English aristocrat and courtier .
Pope Innocent IV ( Latin : Innocentius IV ; c. 1195 -- 7 December 1254 ) , born Sinibaldo Fieschi , was head of the Catholic Church from 25 June 1243 to his death in 1254 .
Itzquauhtzin ( 9 Reed ( 1475 ) -- 2 Flint ( 1520 ) ) was a king ( tlatoani ) of Nahua altepetl Tlatelolco .
Benjamin Bell of Hunthill FRSE FRCSEd ( 6 September 1749 -- 5 April 1806 ) is considered to be the first Scottish scientific surgeon .
Noel Dwyer ( born 30 October 1934 in Dublin ; died January 1993 ) was an Irish professional footballer .
Victor Schiøler was a Danish classical pianist ( 7 April 1899 -- 17 February 1967 ) .
Tom Bendelow ( 1868 - -1936 ) , nicknamed `` The Johnny Appleseed of American Golf '' , was a prolific Scottish American golf course architect during the first half of the twentieth century .
Leverett Candee ( 1 June 1795 -- 27 November 1863 ) was an industrialist , businessman , and pioneer rubber manufacturer .
John Inshaw ( 1807 - -1893 ) was a mechanic and inventor who lived in Aston , now a district of Birmingham , England .
Dr Antonie Viljoen ( 1858 - 26 October 1918 ) was an influential liberal Afrikaner politician and progressive farmer of the Cape Colony , South Africa .
C. M. Sundaram ( 1919 - -2008 ) was minister for local administration in the Congress - led United Democratic Front ( UDF ) government in Kerala from 1982 to 1987 .
Marjorie Ogilvie Anderson ( 9 February 1909 -- 27 May 2002 ) was a Scottish historian and paleographer .
Panna Cinka ( Hungarian : Czinka Panna , Slovak : Panna Cinková ) ( 1711 ( ? ) -- 1772 ) was a famous Hungarian - Romani violinist .
Nicolaas Everaerts , also called Nicolaus Everardi ( 1461/62 - -1532 ) was a Dutch jurist and the father of Johannes Secundus , an acclaimed poet .
Claude Loyola Allgén , officially Claude Johannes Maria Klas Thure Allgén ; born 16 April 1920 in Calcutta , died 18 September 1990 in Täby , was a Swedish composer .
Mal Drury ( 6 April 1910 -- 19 August 1993 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and West Torrens in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Newcome Cappe ( 21 February 1733 -- 24 December 1800 ) , was an English unitarian divine .
James Joseph O'Kelly ( 1845 -- 22 December 1916 ) was an Irish nationalist journalist , politician and member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and as member of the Irish Parliamentary Party represented the Roscommon constituency between 1880 and 1916 .
James Habersham ( c. 1712 -- 1775 ) was a pioneering merchant and statesman in the British North American colony of Georgia .
Eoin MacWhite ( 1923 - -1972 ) was an Irish diplomat , archaeologist , and scholar .
Manly Benson ( 27 April 1842 -- 20 July 1919 ) was a Methodist minister .
Jock Doherty ( 3 October 1894 -- 15 June 1957 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Cajemé / Kahe'eme ( Yoeme or Yaqui Language for `` the one who does not stop to drink water ' '' ) , born José María Bonifacio Leiva Peres ( also spelled Leyva , and Leyba ) was a prominent Yaqui military leader who lived in the Mexican state of Sonora from 1835 to 1887 .
William Hook Morley ( 1815 - -1860 ) was an English barrister and orientalist .
Ronnie Baker , also known as Ron Baker ( 1947 - 1990 ) was a famous record producer , bassist , arranger and songwriter .
Benjamin Carier ( 1566 - -1614 ) was an English clergyman , a fellow of Chelsea College who was a well - publicised convert to Catholicism .
Momodu Bama ( died 14 August 2013 ) , also known by the alias Abu Saad , was the second in command of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram .
Gerard Flaitel ( † c. 1047 ) was a Norman knight and a ' most powerful lord in Normandy at the time of the Richards ' according to Orderic Vitalis .
Jehiel ben Solomon Heilprin ( Hebrew : יחיאל היילפרין‎ ; ca . 1660 - -ca . 1746 ) was a Lithuanian rabbi , kabalist , and chronicler .
Consort Chen Guinü ( 陳歸女 ) ( died 390 ) , formally Empress Dowager Ande ( 安德太后 , formally `` the peaceful and virtuous empress dowager '' ) was an imperial consort during the Chinese Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) .
Kurt Mandelbaum ( 13 November 1904 -- 28 September 1995 ) was an economist well known for his pioneering contribution in the field of the economics of development .
Moha ou Said l'Irraoui ( died March 1924 ) was a Moroccan tribal leader who opposed French rule of the protectorate of Morocco .
Ugyen Dorji ( Dzongkha : ཨོ་རྒྱན་རྡོ་རྗེ་ , Wylie : o rgyan rdo rje , 1855 - -1916 ) was a member of the elite Dorji family and an influential Bhutanese politician .
Ernest Harry Edmonds ( 28 August 1883 -- 8 April 1962 ) , always referred to as `` Harry Edmonds '' or E. H. Edmonds , was a politician in South Australia .
P. P. Ummer Koya ( 1 July 1922 -- 1 September 2000 ) was an Indian politician , Gandhian , freedom fighter and educationist .
Petrus Scriverius , the Latinized form of Peter Schrijver or Schryver ( 12 January 1576 -- 30 April 1660 ) , was a Dutch writer and scholar on the history of Holland and Belgium .
Fermín Chávez ( Nogoyá 13 July 1924 -- 28 May 2006 ) was an Argentine historian , poet and journalist , born in El Pueblito , a small town near Nogoyá , province of Entre Ríos .
Uttam Kumar ( 3 September 1926 -- 24 July 1980 ) ( born as Arun Kumar Chatterjee ) was an Indian film actor , director , producer , singer and music composer , playback singer who predominantly worked in Indian Cinema .
Francisco Ramírez de Madrid ( died 1501 ) was a Spanish artillery officer , counselor of the Catholic Monarchs and Secretary of King Ferdinand II of Aragon .
Denewulf ( died 908 ) was a medieval Bishop of Winchester from 878 or 879 until his death .
Muriel Wheldale Onslow ( 31 March 1880 -- 19 May 1932 ) was a British biochemist .
Andrew Strahan ( 1749 - -1831 ) was a MP and printer who served as the King 's Printer .
Thomas James Mulvany ( 1779 - -1845 ) was an Irish painter and keeper of the Royal Hibernian Academy .
Beata Rosenhane ( 21 January 1638 in Norrköping - 1 June 1674 ) was a Swedish Baroness and writer .
Vesna Girardi - Jurkić ( 15 January 1944 -- 25 August 2012 ) was a Croatian archeologist and museologist .
Robert Ritter von Greim ( 22 June 1892 -- 24 May 1945 ) was a German Field Marshal , pilot , army officer , and the last commander of the Luftwaffe ( German Air Force ) during the Second World War .
Akmal Shaikh ( 5 April 1956 -- 29 December 2009 ) was a Pakistani - British businessman who was convicted and executed in China for drug trafficking .
Felice Pasquale Baciocchi Levoy ( 18 May 1762 -- 28 April 1841 ) was born at Ajaccio into a noble , but poor , Corsican family .
Johannes Itten ( 11 November 1888 -- 25 March 1967 ) was a Swiss expressionist painter , designer , teacher , writer and theorist associated with the Bauhaus ( Staatliche Bauhaus ) school .
Sigurjón Brink ( 29 August 1974 -- 17 January 2011 ) , better known as Sjonni Brink or just the mononym Sjonni , was an Icelandic musician and singer .
Prudente de Morais Neto or Prudente de Moraes Neto ( 1904 - 1977 ) , writing under the pseudonym Pedro Dantas was a Brazilian lawyer and journalist .
Andrew Nicholl RHA ( 4 April 1804 -- 16 April 1886 ) was an Irish painter .
Dudley Weldon Woodard ( 1881 - -1965 ) was an African American mathematician and professor , and the second person of African descent to earn a PhD in Mathematics , the first being Elbert Frank Cox , ( PhD Cornell , 1925 ) , Woodard 's mentor .
John Monck Mason ( 1726 - -1809 ) was an Irish politician and literary scholar .
George Napper ( Napier ) ( born at Holywell manor , Oxford , 1550 ; executed at Oxford 9 November 1610 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest .
Harold Addison Woodruff ( 10 July 1877 -- 1 May 1966 ) was an Australian veterinary pathologist and bacteriologist .
Jan Mooy ( 1776 in Callantsoog -- 1847 in Den Helder ) , was a Dutch painter .
Fateh Singh Rao Gaekwad ( Born before April 1751 , died 26 December 1789 ) was the Maharaja of Baroda ( r.1778 - 1789 ) .
Anna Rosemond ( February 16 , 1886 -- 1966 ) was one of the earliest film actresses of the early silent film era .
Charles Duquette ( 25 July 1869 -- 30 December 1937 ) was a Canadian politician in the province of Quebec .
Eliyahu Moshe Panigel ( 1850 - -1919 ) was the sephardi chief rabbi of the Ottoman Empire , Palestine and Jerusalem .
Kulwant Singh Virk ( 20 May 1921 -- 24 December 1987 ) was an author who wrote mostly in Punjabi but also extensively in English .
Richard Robert Madden ( 22 August 1798 -- 5 February 1886 ) was an Irish doctor , writer , abolitionist and historian of the United Irishmen .
Joseph Derenbourg , or Joseph Naftali Derenburg ( 21 August 1811 - 29 July 1895 ) was a Franco - German orientalist .
Gabriel Biel , C.R.S.A. ( 1420 to 1425 -- 7 December 1495 ) , was a German scholastic philosopher and member of the Canons Regular of the Congregation of Windesheim , who were the clerical counterpart to the Brethren of the Common Life .
Fred McGinis ( 11 November 1874 , in Hobart -- 30 March 1953 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) and the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
James Chilton ( c. 1556 -- 1620 ) was a Leiden Separatist passenger on the historic 1620 voyage of the ship Mayflower and was the oldest person on board .
Zsuzsi Roboz ( 15 August 1929 -- 9 July 2012 ) was a London - based Hungarian painter .
Kristian Schultze ( 21 January 1945 -- 22 November 2011 ) was one half of the German New Age band Cusco .
Mary Ellen Bamford ( 10 December 1857 -- 21 May 1946 ) was an American author from Healdsburg , California .
Abdelaziz Gorgi ( عبد العزيز القرجي ) ( born 2 June 1928 - -died 10 January 2008 ) was a Tunisian artist .
Francesco Torniello da Novara ( c. 1490 -- 1589 ) was a Milanese typographer , writer and Franciscan friar who became known for applying geometric specifications to Latin capital letters fonts .
Sir Henry Austin Lee ( 1847 - -7 November 1918 ) was a British diplomat , governor and landowner .
John Kelynge KS ( or Kelyng ) ( 1607 - -1671 ) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1663 .
Israhel van Meckenem ( c.1445 -- 10 November 1503 ) , also known as Israhel van Meckenem the Younger , was a German printmaker and goldsmith , perhaps of a Dutch family origin .
G. B. Harrison ( July 14 , 1894 -- November 1 , 1991 ) was one of the leading Shakespeare experts of his time and the editor of the Shakespeare Penguin Classics .
Leopoldo Torre Nilsson ( 5 May 1924 -- 8 September 1978 ) , also known as Leo Towers and as Babsy , was an Argentine film director , producer and screenwriter .
Olga Kevelos ( 6 November 1923 - -28 October 2009 ) was an English Motorcycle trials and enduro rider who was the only woman to win two gold medals at the International Six - Day Trial .
Edward Fraunceys ( died 1628 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1626 .
Captain Arthur Granville Soames , OBE ( 12 October 1886 - 6 July 1962 ) , was a member of HM 's Coldstream Guards .
Sir John Meres ( c.1660 -- 15 February 1736 ) knight , FRS of Kirby Bellars , Leicestershire was the director of a number of companies in the early 18th century , including the Charitable Corporation , the York Buildings Company , and Company of Mineral and Battery Works .
Paul Grümmer ( 26 February 1879 -- 30 October 1965 ) was a German - born cellist .
Georg Stollenwerk ( 19 December 1930 -- 1 May 2014 ) was a German footballer and trainer .
Arthur Ernest Tiffin OBE ( 11 February 1896 -- 27 December 1955 ) , commonly known as Jock Tiffin or A. E. Tiffin , was the third general secretary of the British Transport and General Workers ' Union ( TGWU ) .
Frank Hoddinott ( born Francis Hoddinott , 29 November 1894 -- November 1980 ) was a Welsh association footballer .
Constantia Jones ( born c.1708 -- December 22 , 1738 ) was a prostitute in London , UK during the term of Prime Minister Robert Walpole , who was sentenced to hang for stealing 36 shillings and a half - guinea ( the equivalent of about £ 300 today ) from one of her clients .
Roy Simmonds ( 29 December 1928 -- 9 August 2008 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the VFL during the 1950s .
Eli Krog ( 1891 - -1970 ) was a Norwegian publicist and translator .
William Willes ( 1814 - -1890 ) was an early Latter - day Saint songwriter and , along with Hugh Findlay , was one of the first Mormon missionaries to enter India .
King Kaolie of Chu ( Chinese : 楚考烈王 ; pinyin : Chǔ Kǎoliè Wáng , died 238 BC ) was from 262 to 238 BC the king of the state of Chu during the late Warring States period of ancient China .
General William Gustavus Brown ( died 27 November 1883 ) was Commander of British Troops in China and Hong Kong .
Baron Mōri Gorō of Chōshū ( 1871 - -1925 ) was the fifth son of the former head of the Chōshū clan , Mōri Motonori ( 1839 - -1896 ) .
Allen Axel Strom ( c.1914 -- 23 March 1997 ) was an Australian teacher and conservationist .
Jim McNab ( 13 April 1940 , Denny , Stirlingshire , Scotland -- 29 June 2006 ) was a footballer with Sunderland , Preston North End and Stockport County .
James Almond ( September 1874 -- 1923 ) was an English footballer who played as a left - half .
Robert Harpur ( January 25 , 1731 Ballybay , County Monaghan , Ireland - April 15 , 1825 ) was an American teacher , politician , pioneer , and landowner who settled in the Binghamton , New York area .
Dušan Džamonja ( Macedonian : Душан Џамоња , pronounced ( duʃan d͡ʒamɔɲa ) ; 31 January 1928 -- 14 January 2009 ) was a contemporary Macedonian sculptor of Croatian ancestry .
Sir William Dolben , 3rd Baronet ( 1727 - -1814 ) was a British MP and campaigner for the abolition of slavery .
Stewart Granger ( born James Lablache Stewart ; 6 May 1913 -- 16 August 1993 ) was an English film actor , mainly associated with heroic and romantic leading roles .
John Frederic Daniell ( 12 March 1790 -- 13 March 1845 ) was an English chemist and physicist .
Seth Chhaju Ram ( 1861 - -1943 ) was from Punjab , India and made a fortune in Calcutta during the British Raj period .
Dallas Wiebe ( 1930 - -2008 ) was an American writer , poet , and a professor of English .
Stephen I of Antioch ( Latin : ' Stephanus ' ) was the Bishop of Antioch between 341 and 345 or 342 and 344 , depending on the source .
William Theed , also known as William Theed , the younger ( 1804 -- 9 September 1891 ) was an English sculptor , the son of the sculptor and painter William Theed the elder ( 1764 - -1817 ) .
Major John Penrice ( Great Yarmouth , 5 December 1818 -- 1892 ) was a British soldier , photographer , and the author of an English glossary of the Quran ( 1873 ) based on the edition of Gustav Leberecht Flügel ( 1834 ) .
Seepersad Naipaul ( 1906 - -1953 ) was a writer of Indo - Trinidadian heritage .
Bhai Daya Singh ( 1661 - -1708 ) was one of the Panj Pyare , the first five Sikhs to be initiated into the Khalsa order in the 17th century India .
Dr. Tivadar Pauler ( 9 April 1816 -- 30 April 1886 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Religion and Education between 1871 and 1872 .
Harry Boully ( 28 December 1879 -- 16 May 1970 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hoàng Diệu ( chữ Hán : 黃耀 , 1828 - 25 April 1882 ) was a Nguyễn Dynasty governor of Hanoi , on behalf of Emperor Tự Đức , resident in Huế .
Hector Hercules Bell CBE ( 1 December 1876 -- 12 November 1964 ) was an Australian contractor , municipal councillor , and tramway administrator .
Frans Van Giel ( born Franciscus Alexius van Giel ; 16 July 1892 -- 7 April 1975 ) was a Belgian painter who was born in Oostmalle and died in Wechelderzande .
Jiang Gui 姜貴 , also Chiang Kuei , ( 1908 - -1980 ) was a Chinese novelist active in Taiwan .
The Rt . Hon . Thomas Brooke , 2nd Viscount Alanbrooke ( 9 January 1920 -- 19 December 1972 ) , was a British peer .
Urmila Eulie Chowdhury ( 1923 -- 20 September 1995 ) was an Indian architect who worked during the mid - to - late 20th century .
Jürg Schubiger ( 14 October 1936 -- 15 September 2014 ) was a Swiss psychotherapist and writer of children 's books .
Ernst Wolrad , Prince of Schaumburg - Lippe ( 19 April 1887 -- 15 June 1962 ) was a head of the Princely House of Schaumburg - Lippe .
Cornelis de Heem ( 8 April 1631 ( baptized ) -- 17 May 1695 ( buried ) ) was a still - life painter associated with both Flemish Baroque and Dutch Golden Age painting .
Princess Marie of Edinburgh , more commonly known as Marie of Romania ( Marie Alexandra Victoria ; 29 October 1875 -- 18 July 1938 ) , was the last Queen consort of Romania as the wife of King Ferdinand I. Born into the British royal family , she was titled Princess Marie of Edinburgh at birth .
Croft McKenzie ( 17 February 1894 -- 15 February 1928 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Field Marshal Sir George Pollock , 1st Baronet GCB GCSI ( 4 June 1786 -- 6 October 1872 ) was a British Indian Army officer .
John Hadley ( 16 April 1682 -- 14 February 1744 ) was an English mathematician , and laid claim to the invention of the octant , two years after Thomas Godfrey claimed the same .
Ann McPherson CBE FRCGP FRCP SCH ( née Egelnick ; 22 June 1945 -- 28 May 2011 ) was a British general practitioner , author , health campaigner and communicator who co - founded The DIPEx Charity and founded Healthcare Professionals for Assisted Dying .
Totaram Sanadhya ( 1876 - -1947 ) was deceitfully recruited as an indentured labourer from India and brought to Fiji in 1893 .
Aleš Debeljak ( 25 December 1961 -- 28 January 2016 ) , was a Slovenian cultural critic , poet , and essayist .
Agmondesham Vesey ( 1708 -- 3 June 1785 ) was an Irish politician and the second husband of Elizabeth Vesey , one of the founders of the Blue Stockings Society .
Egil Reichborn - Kjennerud ( 4 February 1903 -- 10 April 1974 ) was a Norwegian judge , cyclist and sports administrator .
Sir Thomas Bromley ( 1530 -- 11 April 1587 ) was a 16th - century lawyer , judge and politician who established himself in the mid - Tudor period and rose to prominence during the reign of Elizabeth I. He was successively Solicitor General and Lord Chancellor of England .
Jack McLaren ( 13 October 1884 - -16 May 1954 ) was an Australian novelist who wrote novels based on his life experiences and who was renowned for his `` authenticity of background '' .
Eline Hansen ( 1859 - 1919 ) , was a Danish feminist and peace leader .
Giovanni Francisco Vigani ( c. 1650 - -1712 ) , known also as John Francis , was an Italian chemist who became the first professor of chemistry in the University of Cambridge .
Kenneth Crosby ( 1904 - -1998 ) was a British Wesleyan missionary , a Bible translator and language scholar , who worked in Sierra Leone .
Zhang Gensheng ( Chinese : 张根生 ) ( 1923 - -2008 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Sir John Potts , 1st Baronet ( c. 1592 - -1673 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648 and in 1660 .
Sir John Acland , 1st Baronet ( c. 1591 -- 24 August 1647 ) was the son of Sir Arthur Acland ( d.1610 ) of Acland in the parish of Landkey , Devon , by his wife Eleanor Mallet .
Yvan Goor ( 30 November 1884 -- 20 March 1958 ) , sometimes written as Ivan Goor , was a Belgian cyclist and motorcyclist .
Suremphaa ( reign 1751 - -1769 ) , or Swargadeo Rajeswar Singha ( Assamese : স্বৰ্গদেউ ৰাজেশ্বৰ সিংহ ) , the fourth son of Rudra Singha , became the king of the Ahom kingdom after the death of his brother King Pramatta Singha .
John Francis Wade ( 1711 -- 16 August 1786 ) was an English hymnist who is sometimes credited with writing and composing the hymn `` Adeste Fideles '' ( which was later translated to `` O Come All Ye Faithful '' ) , even though the actual authorship of the hymn remains uncertain .
Louise `` Lua '' Aurora Getsinger ( née Moore ) ( 1 November 1871 , Hume , NY -- 1 May 1916 , Cairo , Egypt ) known as Lua Getsinger was one of the first Western members of the Bahá'í Faith , becoming a member in 1897 .
Major Sir Murdoch McKenzie Wood OBE , DL ( 1881 -- 11 October 1949 ) was a Scottish Liberal politician .
Gerald Mortimer ( 1937 -- 30 December 2013 ) was an English author and sports journalist , whose career spanned over four decades .
Konstantin Pamfilov ( Russian : Памфилов , Константин Дмитриевич ; 25 May 1901 - 2 May 1943 ) - Soviet statesman .
Felix Woyrsch ( 8 October 1860 , Troppau ( now Opava in the Czech Republic ) -- 20 March 1944 ) was a German composer and choir director .
Eliezer Gordon ( 1841 - -1910 ) also known as Reb Laizer Telzer , served as the rabbi and rosh yeshiva of Telz , Lithuania .
Odd Myre ( 9 November 1912 -- 4 July 2005 ) was a Norwegian marketing agent .
David Murray , 5th Viscount of Stormont ( 1665 -- 19 November 1731 ) was a Scottish peer .
Sir Brajendra Nath Seal ( Bengali : ব্রজেন্দ্রনাথ শীল ) ( 1864 - -1938 ) was a renowned Bengali Indian humanist philosopher .
Christian Hermann Weisse ( also Weiße ; 10 August 1801 -- 19 September 1866 ) , was a German Protestant religious philosopher .
Odotheus ( in Zosimus Aedotheus ; Latinized form of a Gothic name , possibly Audaþius was a Greuthungi king who in 386 led an incursion into the Roman Empire . He was defeated and killed by the Roman general Promotus . His surviving people settled in Phrygia .
Harvey Kilpatrick Stuart O'Melveny , known as H.K.S. O'Melveny , ( 1823 - -1893 ) was a Circuit Court judge in Illinois and a Superior Court judge in California during the 19th century .
Hasso von Boehmer ( 9 August 1904 -- 5 March 1945 ) was a German Lieutenant Colonel on the General Staff and one of the July 20 Plotters .
Brian Aherne ( 2 May 1902 -- 10 February 1986 ) was an English actor of both stage and screen , who found success in Hollywood .
Professor Alfred Lodge MA ( 1854 -- 1 December 1937 ) , was an English mathematician , author , and the first president of The Mathematical Association .
William Grey , 1st Baron Grey of Werke ( died 1674 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622 .
Patrick Galloway ( c. 1551 -- c. 1626 ) was a Scottish minister , a Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland .
John Thorpe or Thorp ( c.1565 - -1655 ? ; fl.1570 - -1618 ) was an English architect .
Jan de Meyer ( 21 February 1921 in Mechelen - 15 February 2014 ) was a Belgian jurist .
Sister Simona Noorenbergh ( 1907 - -1990 ; her surname is also spelled Noorenberghe or Noorenberg , and her original given name was Maria ) was a Belgian - born religious leader and community organizer .
George Alexander Hill ( 1892 - -1968 ) was a British intelligence officer .
Werburh or Wærburh ( also known as Werburgh and Werburga ) ( d. 3 February 699 at Trentham ) was an Anglo - Saxon princess who became an English saint and the patron saint of Chester .
Momik ( Armenian : Մոմիկ ; died 1333 ) was an ethnic Armenian architect , sculptor and a master artist of Armenian illuminated manuscripts .
Brigadier Surendra Singh Panwar ( 19 October 1919 -- 29 April 2002 ) served as an artillery officer in the Indian Army .
Pietro Paolo Cristofari ( 1685 - -1743 ) was a late - Baroque Italian mosaicist active in Rome , and the son of Fabio Cristofari .
Wilhelm Rath ( 14 May 1897 , in Berlin -- 13 January 1973 , in Wolfsburg /Kärnten Austria ) was a German writer , translator , bio - dynamic farmer and anthroposophist .
Elisa Bailly de Vilmorin ( 3 May 1826 -- 5 August 1868 ) was a French horticulturist and plant breeder .
Harold ( `` Harry '' ) Gemmell Kippax AO , better known as H. G. Kippax ( 6 October 1920 -- 12 August 1999 ) was an Australian print journalist .
Edward Frederick Leitner , also Friedrich August Ludwig Leitner ( 4 February 1812 , Stuttgart -- 15 January 1838 , age 25 ) was a German botanist , naturalist and physician .
Alexander Colyn ( also spelt Colin or Colins ; 1527/29 -- 17 August 1612 ) was a Flemish sculptor .
Sylvester Norris ( alias Smith and Newton ) ( 1570 or 1572 -- 16 March 1630 ) was an English Roman Catholic controversial writer and missionary priest .
Elias Pym Fordham ( 1788 - 1850 ) was the original surveyor of Indianapolis .
Shurguchi Nimgirov ( died 1920 ) was a Buddhist priest of Kalmyk origin who was born in the Bayuda aimak ( Batlaevskaia stanista ) in the Salsk District of the Don Cossack Host .
Alf Brodal ( 25 January 1910 -- 29 February 1988 ) was a Norwegian professor of anatomy .
Colm Murray ( 22 March 1952 -- 30 July 2013 ) was an Irish broadcaster , newsreader , and sports journalist , best remembered for his reports on horse racing .
Konstantinos Miliotis - Komninos ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Μηλιώτης-Κομνηνός , 1854 - -1941 ) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General .
Sochlachan mac Diarmata ( died 909 ) was 31st King of Uí Maine .
Herbord Sigismund Ludwig von Bar ( 1 November 1763 - 20 December 1844 ) was a lawyer in the Electorate of Brunswick - Lüneburg who became a politician and public official , serving at one stage as president of the provisional parliament in the Kingdom of Hanover .
Farideh Mashini or Farideh Machini ( Persian : فریده ماشینی ; died 30 May 2012 ) was an Iranian researcher , Islamic feminist , women 's rights activist , and reformist .
Frederick Methvan Whyte ( March 2 , 1865 -- 1941 ) was a mechanical engineer of Dutch background who worked for the New York Central in the United States .
Martin Allerdale Grainger ( 17 November 1874 -- 15 October 1941 ) was a Canadian journalist , forester and author .
Gheorghe Șaru ( also George Saru ; 1920 - -2003 ) was a Romanian - American painter , born in Romania at Checea , Timis County .
Peter McFarline ( died April 2002 ) was an Australian journalist best known for his work as a cricket writer .
Havryil Kolenda died on 11 February 1674 and was buried on next 18 February in the Saint Sophia Cathedral in Polotsk .
Walther Hesse ( 27 December 1846 -- 19 July 1911 ) is best known for his work in microbiology , specifically his work in developing agar as a medium for culturing microorganisms .
Edvard Natvig ( 16 August 1907 -- 6 November 1994 ) was a Norwegian decathlete .
Margaret Bingham , Countess of Lucan ( 1740 -- 27 February 1814 ) was a British painter , copyist , and poet .
Otto Spoerri ( 1933 - -2008 ) was a Swiss accountant who happened upon one of the most powerful positions in Hollywood .
John Booker ( 1603 - -1667 ) was an English astrologer , respected in that career for over 30 years .
Sir Hilarian Marcus Fernando , FRCP ( 1864 - -1936 ) was a pre - independence Ceylonese statesmen , physician and banker .
Count Arthur John Moore ( 1849 -- 5 January 1904 ) was a wealthy Irish Catholic and nationalist politician .
Gilla Dubh Ó Flaithbheartaigh , Lord of Iar Connacht and Chief of the Name , died 1442 .
Thomas Henry Flewett , MD , FRCPath , FRCP ( 29 June 1922 -- 12 December 2006 ) was a founder member ( and subsequently Fellow ) of the Royal College of Pathologists and was elected ( by distinction ) a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of London in 1978 .
Peter Elson ( 13 January 1947 -- March 1998 ) was an English science fiction illustrator whose work appeared on the covers of numerous science fiction paperback novels , as well as in the Terran Trade Authority series of illustrated books .
Alekos Alexandrakis ( Greek : Αλέκος Αλεξανδράκης ; born 27 November 1928 ; died 8 November 2005 ) was a famous Greek actor .
John W. McCoy ( 1910 - -1989 ) was an American artist who painted landscapes , portraits , and still lifes .
Joan Root ( 18 January 1936 -- 13 January 2006 ) was a Kenyan conservationist , ecological activist and Oscar - nominated filmmaker .
Moses Sheppard ( 1771 - 1857 ) was a Baltimore businessman , a Friend ( Quaker ) , a philanthropist , and founder of the now Sheppard and Enoch Pratt Hospital .
Violet Gordon - Woodhouse ( 23 April 1872 -- 9 January 1948 ) was an acclaimed British harpsichordist and clavichordist , highly influential in bringing both instruments back into fashion .
Thomas Trahern ( died 25 November 1542 ) was Somerset Herald , an English officer of arms .
Franz Anton Voegeli ( 1825 - -1874 ) was a Swiss Chemist who was the first to synthesize the triethyl phosphate ( TEP ) while he was working in Gustav Magnus 's laboratory in Berlin .
Janet Key ( 10 July 1945 -- 26 July 1992 ) was an English actress with a varied career in theatre , film and television from the late 1960s until her death .
Bran ua Máele Dúin ( or Bran mac Dúnchada ) ( died 712 ) was a king of the Uí Cheinnselaig of South Leinster .
Matthew Sutcliffe ( 1550 ? -- 1629 ) was an English clergyman , academic and lawyer .
Richard White , 1st Earl of Bantry ( 6 August 1767 -- 2 May 1851 ) was an Anglo - Irish soldier and peer .
Shaikh Ayaz ( Urdu : شیخ ایاز‎ ) born Mubarak Ali Shaikh ( Urdu : مبارک علی شیخ‎ March 1923 -- 28 December 1997 ) was one of the prominent Sindhi poets of Pakistan in general and Sindh in particular .
Leslie George Katz ( c. 1918 -- April 18 , 1997 ) was an author and publisher who founded Eakins Press , a specialty publisher of books of art and literature .
Adolphe Stoclet ( 1871 - 1949 ) was a Belgian engineer and financier .
Sir Gurunath Venkatesh Bewoor KCIE ( 1888 -- 1950 ) ( Marathi : गुरुनाथ वेंकटेश बेवूर /ಗುರುನಾಥ್ ವೆಂಕಟೇಶ್ ಬೇವೂರ್ ) was a senior Indian civil servant .
Sir John Hobart , 3rd Baronet ( 20 March 1628 -- 22 August 1683 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1683 .
Iqbal Hussain Qureshi ( Urdu:اقبال حسين قریشی ; 27 September 1937 -- 8 December 2012 ; SI , FPAS ) , best known as I.H. Qureshi , was a Pakistani nuclear chemist and professor of chemistry at the Institute of and Applied Sciences in Islamabad .
Dorothy Minto ( ca . 1886 -- 6 December 1957 ) was a prominent actor on the London stage between 1905 and the mid-1930s , notably appearing in the first runs of several plays written by George Bernard Shaw .
Fred Dick ( 18 November 1898 -- 23 January 1980 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sam Marron ( 7 February 1884 -- 6 May 1954 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
In a judgement delivered on 2 September 2005 , the court also held that between his arrest on 5 March 1952 and his execution on 2 August 1952 Johann Burianek had been unlawfully deprived of his freedom .
Khan Sarwar Murshid ( Bengali : খান সারওয়ার মুরশিদ ; 1 July 1924 -- 8 December 2012 ) was a Bangladeshi educationist , diplomat and intellectual .
Giuseppe Zannoni ( Verona , 1849 - Monteforte d'Alpone , Province of Verona , 1903 ) was an Italian painter .
Aznar Galíndez I ( also Asnar ) ( died 839 ) was a Basque Count of Aragon and Conflent from 809 and Cerdanya and Urgell from 820 .
Sir Charles Galton Darwin , KBE , MC , FRS ( 18 December 1887 -- 31 December 1962 ) was an English physicist , the grandson of Charles Darwin .
Hemish Shah ( 7 April 1968 - 5 September 2001 ) was an English stockbroker before he became a professional poker player , and the winner of Late Night Poker series 4 , where he beat the season 2 champion Simon `` Aces '' Trumper in the final heads - up confrontation .
Du Pinhua ( Chinese : 杜品华 , 22 April 1886 ? -- 11 December 2006 ) was a Chinese claimant to the world 's oldest person title .
Gunnar Reiss - Andersen ( 21 August 1896 -- 29 July 1964 ) was a Norwegian lyric poet and author .
Florence Mary Spry ( 9 August 1922 in Birkenhead - November 2002 ) was an international cricketer , who played three Test matches for the England women 's cricket team against Australia in 1951 .
Frank Donoghue ( 17 August 1904 -- 31 May 1971 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Frederick Newton Gisborne ( 8 March 1824 -- 30 August 1892 ) was a Canadian inventor and electrician .
Vladimír Hrivnák ( 23 April 1945 -- 17 October 2014 ) was a Slovak football player and later a football manager .
Anton Elfinger ( 15 January 1821 -- 19 January 1864 ) was an Austrian physician and illustrator .
Nathan Wetherell D.D. ( 1726 - -1808 ) was an academic administrator at the University of Oxford .
James Terry Gardiner ( May 6 , 1842 -- September 10 , 1912 ) was an American surveyor and engineer .
Jack Wasserman ( 1927 - 1977 ) was a nightlife and celebrity columnist for the Vancouver Sun newspaper from 1949 until his death .
John Belling ( 1866 - -1933 ) , born in Aldershot , England , was a cytogeneticist who developed the iron - acetocarmine staining technique which is used in the study of chromosomes .
Elisabeth Howen ( 1834 - 1923 ) was an Estonian pedagogue .
Eugene Wambaugh ( February 29 , 1856 - -August 6 , 1940 ) was an American legal scholar .
Ahmed Rıza Bey ( Turkish : Ahmet Rıza Bey ; 1859 -- 26 February 1930 ) was a prominent Young Turk , activist , scientist , and statesman during the Second Constitutional Era of the Ottoman Empire .
Noel Rayson ( 24 May 1933 -- 11 February 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and South Melbourne during his ten - year career in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Robert Abdy , 3rd Baronet FSA ( 8 April 1688 -- 27 August 1748 ) was a British Tory politician .
Joachim Wasserschlebe ( 1 May 1709 , Salzwedel , Margraviate of Brandenburg - 13 March 1787 , Wassersleben estates ) was a German - Danish diplomat , politician , councillor , patron of the arts and art collector .
Jacobus Nicolaas Boshoff ( 31 January 1808 -- 21 April 1881 ) was a South African ( Boer ) politician and statesman , member of the Voortrekker movement , and the second state president of the Orange Free State , in office from 1855 to 1859 .
Victor Rietti ( 29 February 1888 - 3 December 1963 ) was an Italian - born actor and director who became known through his work in television , especially through the many live television productions of the Italian play To Live in Peace during the 1950s .
Monica Wilson , née Hunter ( 1908 - 26 October 1982 ) was a South African anthropologist , professor of social anthropology at the University of Cape Town .
Peire Lunel de Montech ( fl . 1326 - -1384 ) , also known as Cavalier Lunel or Peire de Lunel , was a lawyer , politician and author of Toulouse .
Petrus Bosman ( 1928 -- 19 July 2008 ) was a South African ballet dancer , teacher , choreographer , and répétiteur , active in England , France , and the United States .
Georg Elias Müller ( 20 July 1850 -- 23 December 1934 ) was a significant early German experimental psychologist who is credited with the theory of retroactive interference .
Rae Selling Berry ( 1880 - -1976 ) was an American gardener and horticulturist .
Major General Otto Christian von Rohr ( died 1839 ) was a Prussian army officer during the Napoleonic Wars .
Julius Frederik Macody Lund ( born 18 November 1863 in Stavanger , died 16 December 1943 in Farsund ) was a controversial Norwegian historian , most known and remembered for his engagement in the restoration of Nidaros Cathedral .
Marshall Russell Reed ( 15 September 1891 -- March 1973 ) was an American Bishop of The Methodist Church and the United Methodist Church , elected in 1948 .
Demetra Kenneth Brown ( 1877 -- 1946 ) was a Greek - American author , born on the island of Bouyouk Ada , Sea of Marmora .
Lino Landolfi ( 6 April 1925 - 11 February 1988 ) was an Italian comic book artist and writer .
Werner Rudolf Breslauer ( 4 July 1903 -- middle Europe , 28 February 1945 ) was a German photographer of jewish descent .
Martin Larkin ( 20 December 1903 -- 1 July 1971 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Norman Shrapnel ( 5 October 1912 -- 1 February 2004 ) was an English journalist , author , and parliamentary correspondent .
Abel Thomas ( 1848 -- 23 July 1912 ) was a Welsh Liberal politician and lawyer .
Albert VI , Duke of Mecklenburg ( German : Albrecht VI . , Herzog zu Mecklenburg ; 1438 - before 27 April 1483 ) was a Duke of Mecklenburg .
Rudolph August Witthaus ( 1846 - 1915 ) was an American toxicologist , born in New York City .
Susan Harrison ( 1948 -- 14 April 2013 ) was a Canadian writer and artist who published under the name A. S. A. Harrison .
John Edmund Bentley ( 1847 - -12 December 1913 ) was an English sportsman who played in the first international rugby football match in 1871 , representing England as a halfback .
Patrick of Salisbury , 1st Earl of Salisbury ( c. 1122 -- 1168 ) was an Anglo - Norman nobleman , and the uncle of the famous William Marshal .
Jeronimas Kačinskas ( or Kacinskas ; 17 April 1907 -- 15 September 2005 ) was a Lithuanian - born American composer .
Jockel Finck ( 26 March 1962 - 28 January 2006 ) was a photojournalist for the Associated Press .
Ernst Sabeditsch ( 6 May 1920 -- 30 June 1986 ) was an Austrian footballer and coach .
Blessed Tommaso Riccardi ( 24 June -- 25 March 1915 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who was a professed member of the Benedictines of the Cassinese Congregation .
Diarmaid mac Tadgh Ua Ceallaigh , 38th King of Uí Maine and 3rd Chief of the Name , died 1065 .
Henry de Longchamp or Henry de Longo Campo ( c1150 - -1212 ) was an Anglo - Norman administrator .
Jacques van de Werve , Baron of Schilde ( 1793 - -1845 ) was a member of a noble family of Antwerp .
Sir William Harpur ( c. 1496 -- 27 February 1574 ) was a merchant from Bedford who moved to London , amassed a large fortune , and became Lord Mayor of London .
Esther Vanhomrigh ( known by the pseudonym Vanessa ; c. 1688 -- 2 June 1723 ) , an Irish woman of Dutch descent , was a longtime lover and correspondent of Jonathan Swift .
Giuseppe Gherardi ( Piacenza , 1750 - 7 November 1828 ) was an Italian painter , active in the Neoclassic style .
Pearl London ( 1916 - -2003 ) was a teacher of poetry at The New School , in New York City .
Laurent - Théodore Biett ( 25 July 1781 -- 3 March 1840 ) was a Swiss - born dermatologist from Schams in the canton of Graubünden .
Lowes Cato Dickinson ( London 27 November 1819 -- 15 December 1908 London ) was an English portrait painter and Christian socialist .
Andrey Yevgenyevich Lichko ( Russian : Андре́й Евге́ньевич Личко ; 1926 - -1994 ) was a Russian psychiatrist , an honored science worker of the Russian Federation , Doctor of Medicine , and vice principal of Saint - Petersburg Psychoneurological Institute n.a .
John Fleming , 2nd Lord Fleming ( c. 1465 -- 1 November 1524 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
George Henry Weiss ( 1898 - -1946 ) was an American poet , writer and novelist .
Ann Way ( 14 November 1915 -- 13 March 1993 ) was an English character actress in film and television .
Lucius Mussius Aemilianus ( d. 261 or 262 ) was a Roman usurper .
Khoren Sargsian ( Armenian : Խորեն Սարգսյան ; 1891 - -1970 ) was an Armenian writer , critic , doctor of philology , and professor .
Conrad William Eden TD ( 1905 -- 1995 ) was an English cathedral organist , who served in Wells Cathedral and Durham Cathedral .
Sakaibe no Marise ( 境部 摩理勢 ) ( died 628 ) was a court aristocrat of the Asuka period of Japanese history , and member of the Soga clan .
Feriha Tevfik Dağ ( née Negüz ) ( 1910 -- 22 April 1991 ) was a Turkish beauty pageant contestant and actress .
Jørgen Olsen Thon ( 8 March 1866 -- 12 January 1937 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties .
Sarla Thakral ( 1914 -- 15 March 2008 ) was the first Indian woman to fly an aircraft .
Sterling Elliott ( 1852 - -1922 ) produced a series of successful inventions in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Manuel de Faria e Sousa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐnuˈɛɫ dɨ fɐˈɾiɐ i ˈsozɐ ) ; Spanish : Faria y Sousa ; 18 March 1590 -- 3 June 1649 ) was a Portuguese historian and poet , frequently writing in Spanish .
Roy Radin ( 13 November 1949 -- 10 June 1983 ) was a show business promoter who packaged vaudeville shows in the 1970s and early 1980s .
David Denholm , Ph.D. ( 1924 -- 19 June 1997 ) was an Australian author and historian who published fiction under the pseudonym David Forrest , and history under his own name .
Sir William Knyvett ( c. 1440 -- 2 December 1515 ) was an English knight in the late Middle Ages .
Nicos Poulantzas ( Greek : Νίκος Πουλαντζάς ; 21 September 1936 -- 3 October 1979 ) was a Greek - French Marxist political sociologist .
Corinne Morgan ( 16 February 1876 -- 1945 ? ) was the stage name of Corinne ( or Cora ) Welsh .
Nathaniel Torporley ( 1564 - -1632 ) was an English clergyman , mathematician , and astrologer .
Josef Vinklář ( 10 November 1930 -- 18 September 2007 ) was a Czech actor , a member of the National Theatre .
Abdullah Totong Mahmud ( generally abbreviated A. T. Mahmud ; 3 February 1930 -- 6 July 2010 ) was a renowned Indonesian composer of children 's songs .
Curt Weibull ( 19 August 1886 -- 10 November 1991 ) was a Swedish historian , educator and author .
Conn Ua Mellaig ( died 1202 ) was the Bishop of Annaghdown .
Ivan Polunin ( 1920 - -2010 ) was a medical doctor , author , teacher , documentary filmmaker and photographer .
Oton Iveković ( 17 April 1869 -- 4 July 1939 ) was one of the foremost Croatian painters .
Countess Leon , or Elisa Heuser Leon ( 1799 - -1881 ) , was a founder and leader of the communal Germantown Colony established in 1835 north of Minden in the U.S. state of Louisiana .
Mary Elizabeth Barber ( 5 January 1818 -- 4 September 1899 ) was a pioneering amateur woman scientist of the nineteenth century .
Charles Wynne Nicholls ( 20 October 1831 -- 24 January 1903 ) was an Irish painter of genre and historical subjects .
Sir John Vavasour KS ( ca . 1440 -- 26 November 1506 ) was an English judge .
Barnabas Brough ( c. 1795 -- 30 October 1854 ) , was a British merchant and accountant who wrote several plays under the nom de plume , Bernard De Burgh .
Sir Edwin Durning - Lawrence , 1st Baronet ( 2 February 1837 -- 21 April 1914 ) was a British lawyer and Member of Parliament .
Bhojsing Gurdinomal Pahalajani ( d. February , 1938 ) was an Indian politician and the first speaker of the Sind legislative assembly .
Marco La Piana ( 1883 - -1958 ) was an Italian scholar of Arbëresh origin .
Delano Ames ( May 29 , 1906 -- January 1987 ) was an American writer of detective stories .
Sir Isaac Heard ( 10 December 1730 -- 29 April 1822 ) was a long - serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London .
Charles Eaves ( 1908 - -2006 ) was a Canadian scientist who extended the storage of apples by controlling levels of oxygen and carbon dioxide .
As'ad Pasha al - Azm ( Arabic : أسعد باشا العظم‎ , died March 1758 ) was the governor of Damascus under Ottoman rule from 1742 to his deposition in 1757 .
Sir Edward Frankland , KCB , FRS ( 18 January 1825 -- 9 August 1899 ) was a British chemist .
William Bede Dalley ( 5 July 1831 -- 28 October 1888 ) was an Australian politician and barrister and the first Australian appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom .
Ernie Ashton ( 7 July 1883 -- 1 August 1955 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
James Hedderwick LLD ( 1814 - -1897 ) was a Scottish poet , journalist and newspaper proprietor .
Gilbert Randoll Coate ( 8 October 1909 -- 2 December 2005 ) was a British diplomat , maze designer and `` labyrinthologist '' .
John Glashan ( born John McGlashan , 24 December 1927 -- 15 June 1999 ) was a Scottish cartoonist , illustrator and playwright .
Mary Anne Schimmelpenninck ( née Galton , 25 November 1778 -- 29 August 1856 ) was a British writer in the anti - slavery movement .
Lucy Osburn ( 1 April 1836 -- 22 December 1891 ) was an English nurse trained at the School of Nursing founded by Florence Nightingale .
George Whyte - Watson , FRCS(Ed ) ( 1908 - -1974 ) was a surgeon , and was born on the 9 August 1908 in Edinburgh .
Sir Thomas Holte , 1st Baronet ( c. 1571 -- 14 December 1654 ) was the original owner of Aston Hall ( a Jacobean country house in Birmingham ) , the man after whom the Holte End stand of Villa Park is named , and the possessor of quite a legendary temper .
Asbjørn Nilssen ( 19 January 1875 -- 19 October 1958 ) was a Norwegian Nordic combined skier and physician .
Hu Sanxing ( Chinese : 胡三省 ; pinyin : Hú Sānxǐng , 1230 -- 1302 ) , born Hu Mansun ( 胡滿孫 ) , courtesy names Shenzhi ( 身之 ) , Meijian ( 梅澗 ) , and Jingcan ( 景參 ) , was a Chinese historian and commentator who lived during the late Song dynasty and early Yuan dynasty .
Gaspare Gori - Mancini ( April 1653 - 16 July 1727 ) was an Italian prelate who was appointed as Bishop of Malta in 1722 .
Hender Robartes ( November 1635 -- 31 January 1688 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1688 .
Robert A. Fuhrman ( February 23 , 1925 -- November 21 , 2009 ) was an American engineer responsible for the development of the Polaris Missile and Poseidon missile , as well as President and Chief Operating Officer of Lockheed Corporation .
Harlan Thompson ( 24 September 1890 -- 29 October 1966 ) was an American theatre director , screenwriter , lyricist , film director , and film and television producer .
Dominick Sarsfield , 1st Viscount Sarsfield of Kilmallock ( c. 1570 -- 1636 ) was an Irish peer and judge who became Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas , but was removed from office for corruption and died in disgrace .
Richard Watson Dixon ( 5 May 1833 -- 23 January 1900 ) , English poet and divine , son of Dr James Dixon , a Wesleyan minister .
Giovanni Battista Agucchi ( 20 Nov 1570 , Bologna -- 1 Jan 1632 ) was an Italian churchman , Papal diplomat and writer on art theory .
Dobri Zhelyazkov Fetisov ( Bulgarian : Добри Желязков Фетисов , pronounced ( ˈdɔbri ʒɛˈlʲaskɔf fɛˈtisɔf ) ) ( 1800 - -1865 ) was the first Bulgarian factory - owner and industrialist , the founder of the first textile factory in Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire .
Thomas Rickard ( 1865 - -1911 ) was an early resident of Berkeley , California , and served as the last President of the Town Board of Trustees from 1903 to 1909 , before the new city charter went into effect , creating the office of Mayor .
James Tuchet , 7th Baron Audley ( c. 1463 -- 28 June 1497 ) was a leading rebel in the 1st Cornish Rebellion of 1497 opposing the rule of Henry VII of England born in Heleigh Castle , Staffordshire to John Tuchet , 6th Baron Audley and Anne Echingham and sentenced to beheading in the year of the rebellion .
Thomas Berdmore was dentist to King George III . He was born around 1740 and died in 1785 .
Diana Rowntree ( 14 May 1915 -- 22 August 2008 ) was a British architect and architectural writer .
Eric Pohlmann ( German : Erich Pohlmann ; 18 July 1913 -- 25 July 1979 ) was an Austrian theatre , film and television character actor who worked mostly in Britain .
Florence MacMoyer ( fl . 1662 -- 12 February 1713 ) , a native of Ballymoyer , County Armagh , Ireland was the last hereditary keeper of the Book of Armagh , a 9th - century Irish manuscript written mainly in Latin .
Babu Karam Singh Bal ( Punjabi : ਬਾਬੂ ਕਰਮ ਸਿੰਘ ਬੱਲ ) ( c. 1927 -- 7 October 1992 ) was a Sikh Sarpanch for Sathiala .
Soe Lwin Lwin ( Burmese : စိုးလွင်လွင် ; 1962 - -1999 ) , also known as Po Po , was a well - known singer - composer in 1980s in Burma .
Anton Florian , Prince of Liechtenstein ( 28 May 1656 -- 11 October 1721 ) was the Prince of Liechtenstein between 1718 and 1721 .
William James Topley ( 13 February 1845 -- 16 November 1930 ) was a prolific Canadian photographer based in Ottawa , Ontario .
Hermann Guggiari ( 20 March 1924 -- 1 January 2012 ) was a Paraguayan engineer and sculptor .
Berchtold of Engelberg , German Berchtold von Engelberg ( died 3 November 1197 ) was a Swiss German Benedictine monk , who was Abbot of Engelberg Abbey in Switzerland .
Richard Meredith Hart ( 1811 - -1864 ) was an American cattleman and politician .
Pan Fusheng ( Chinese : 潘复生 ; December 1908 -- April 1980 ) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary and politician .
Thomas Pierpoint ( born 15 September 1789 at Lindfield , Sussex ; died 12 June 1849 at Brighton , Sussex ) was an English professional cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1827 to 1833 .
Robert Gould Shaw III ( 18 Aug 1898 -- 10 July 1970 ) was an American - born English socialite .
Elizabeth Strong Worthington ( October 5 , 1851 - October 2 , 1916 ) was a popular American writer during the latter part of the 19th century .
Sister María Ignacia , OSC , born Bertilda Samper Acosta ( 31 July 1856 -- 31 July 1910 ) was a Colombian Poor Clare nun , poet and writer .
Air Marshal Charles Roy Slemon , CB , CBE , CD ( 7 November 1904 -- 12 February 1992 ) , known as Roy Slemon , was the Royal Canadian Air Force 's Chief of the Air Staff from 1953 to 1957 .
Francis Bland Tucker ( 1895 - -1984 ) was born in Norfolk , Virginia on 6 January 1895 .
Jacopo Torni ( 1476 - -1526 ) , also known as Jacobo Fiorentin , L'Indaco , and Jacopo dell'Indaco , was an Italian ( Florentine ) painter .
Avrohom Bornsztain ( 14 October 1838 -- 7 February 1910 ) , also spelled Avraham Borenstein or Bernstein , was a leading posek in late - nineteenth - century Europe and founder and first Rebbe of the Sochatchover Hasidic dynasty .
Jacob Marrel ( 1613/1614 -- 11 November 1681 ) was a German still life painter active in Utrecht during the Dutch Golden Age .
Darvish Khan ( Persian : درویش‌خان ‎ , Gholam Hossein Darvish ; 1872 -- 22 November 1926 ) was a Persian classical musician and a tar player .
Asgaut Olsen Regelstad ( 1761 -- 8 January 1847 ) was a Norwegian farmer and bailiff who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814 .
Jacob Mantino ben Samuel ( died 1549 ) was a Jewish scholar and Italian physician , known also as Mantinus .
Charles G. Coulon ( b. 16 Feb. 1825 , Göttingen , Germany -- d. 2 Feb. 1881 ) was the sixth mayor of the city of Indianapolis , Indiana .
Vere Gordon Childe ( 14 April 1892 -- 19 October 1957 ) , better known as V. Gordon Childe , was an Australian archaeologist and philologist who specialized in the study of European prehistory .
Song Jing ( 宋璟 ) ( 663 -- November 21 , 737 ) , formally Duke Wenzhen of Guangping ( 廣平文貞公 ) , was an official of the Chinese Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , serving as the chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Ruizong and Emperor Xuanzong .
Andrey Insunovich Pak ( November 1926 -- 1994 ) was a Doctor of Geological and Mineralogical Sciences , Lenin Prize winner .
Jonkheer Joan Röell ( 21 July 1844 -- 13 July 1914 ) was a Dutch nobleman , lawyer and statesman .
George Campbell Macaulay ( 6 August 1852 -- 6 July 1915 ) , also known as G. C. Macaulay , was a noted English Classical scholar .
Dennis Chinnery ( 14 May 1927 -- 29 February 2012 ) was a British actor , noted for his performances in television .
Richard Knerr ( 30 June 1925 -- 14 January 2008 ) was an American inventor best known for marketing the Frisbee and Hula Hoop .
Shura Cherkassky ( Russian : Александр ( Шура ) Исаакович Черкасский ; 7 October 1911 -- 27 December 1995 ) was an American classical pianist known for his performances of the romantic repertoire .
Gabrielle Brune ( Born , Bournemouth , Hampshire , 12 February 1912 -- Died , Chichester , Sussex , 18 January 2005 ) was a British actress .
John II of Pernstein ( Czech : Jan II . z Pernštejna ; c. 1406 -- 28 December 1475 ) was a Moravian nobleman and supporter of the Hussites .
Thomas Sotherton ( by 1525 - 1583 ) , of Norwich , Norfolk , was an English politician .
Lajos Balogh ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈlɒjoʃ ˈbɒloɡ ) ; 10 May 1903 -- 9 October 1986 ) was a Hungarian athlete and later coach , architect , enigineer , politician and sports official .
Ronald Dare Gillespie ( 1890 - - 8 April 1981 ) was a Scottish Canadian and British Army officer .
Manasses IV , Count of Rethel ( died 1199 ) was a son of Ithier I and Beatrice of Namur .
Nicolae Filip ( March 3 , 1926 -- 15 May 2009 ) was born in the village of Sofia , Bălţi to a family of farmers .
Fred Parkinson Holliday DSO , MC , AFC ( 20 February 1888 -- 5 March 1980 ) was an Australian fighter pilot and ace of the First World War .
Ariadna Tyrkova - Williams died on 12 January 1962 in Washington DC and was buried there in Rock Creek Cemetery .
Andreas Kontogouris ( Greek : Ανδρέας Κοντογούρης , 1700s - 1824 ) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence .
Carus ( Latin : Marcus Aurelius Carus Augustus ; c. 222 -- July or August 283 ) was Roman Emperor from 282 to 283 , and was 60 at ascension . During his short reign , Carus fought the Germanic tribes and Sarmatians along the Danube frontier with success .
Edmund Piers Barclay ( 2 May 1898 -- 26 August 1961 ) was an English - Australian writer known for his work in radio drama .
Lady Florence Henrietta Darwin ( née Fisher , previously Maitland ; 31 January 1864 -- 5 March 1920 ) , was an English playwright .
Herbert Poore or Poor ( Norman : Hubert or Herbert le Poer ; died 1217 ) , also known as Herbert of Ilchester and Herbert Pauper , was a medieval English clergyman who held the post of Bishop of Salisbury during the reigns of Richard I and John .
Hedy Graf ( 12 October 1926 -- 31 January 1997 ) was a Spanish - born Swiss classically trained soprano .
Philip the Good ( French : Philippe le Bon , Dutch : Filips de Goede ; 31 July 1396 -- 15 June 1467 ) was Duke of Burgundy as Philip III from 1419 until his death .
Steele Rudd was the pseudonym of Arthur Hoey Davis ( 14 November 1868 -- 11 October 1935 ) an Australian author , best known for On Our Selection .
Thirumudi N. Sethuraman(Tamil : திருமுடி.ந.சேதுராமன் ) ( b. 24 January 1923 - d. 23 December 1979 ) was an Indian politician .
Carl'Alberto Perroux ( 1905 - -1977 ) was an Italian contract bridge official , the founder and long - time non - playing captain of the Blue Team , the most successful team in bridge history .
Dr Mu ( 1962 - 2014 ) was a hard trance DJ and record producer who lived and worked in London , England .
Ram Chandra Ram ( d. 2 March 2009 , Ranchi ) was an Indian politician , affiliated to the Communist Party of India ( CPI ) .
Ioannis Zisis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Ζήσης , 1888 - 1941 ) was a Greek Army general during World War II . He was born in village Makri , near to Makrakomi , Fthiotida .
Risto Stijović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ристо Стијовић ; 8 October 1894 -- 20 December 1974 ) was a Yugoslav sculptor , considered to be one of the most original artists of his time .
Bruce Greensill ( c. 1942 -- 30 June 2007 ) was a rugby union player who represented both the Auckland Rugby Football Union and Sydney in rugby .
Sir Humphrey Chetham ( 10 July 1580 -- 1653 ) was an English merchant , responsible for the creation of Chetham 's Hospital and Chetham 's Library , the oldest public library in the English - speaking world .
Wilhelmina Cooper ( 1 May 1939 -- 1 March 1980 ) was a Dutch model who began with Ford Models and , at the peak of her success , founded her own agency , Wilhelmina Models , in New York City in 1967 .
Eleanor of Aquitaine ( French : Aliénor / Éléonore ; 1122 or 1124 -- 1 April 1204 ) was one of the wealthiest and most powerful women in western Europe during the High Middle Ages and a member of the Ramnulfid dynasty of rulers in southwestern France .
Louis de Chastillon ( c.1639 - -1734 ) was a French painter in enamel and miniature , and an engraver .
Thomas Croxen Archer FRSE FSA FRSSA ( 1817 -- 19 February 1885 ) was a British botanist , and the first Director of the National Museum of Scotland , a post he held from 1864 until his death in 1885 .
Louise Da - Cocodia MBE ( 9 November 1934 -- 13 March 2008 ) was an anti racism campaigner and former Deputy Lord Lieutenant of Manchester
Halo Wars is a real - time strategy ( RTS ) video game developed by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 video game console .
Heavy Weapon ( or Heavy Weapon : Atomic Tank ) is a side - scrolling shoot 'em up video game developed by PopCap Games and released in 2005 .
Amma Cheppindi ( English : Mother Said So ) is a 2006 Tollywood drama film written , screenplay , dialogues and direction by Gangaraju Gunnam .
Ellos nos hicieron así is a 1952 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici .
The Last Exorcism is a 2010 American found footage supernatural horror film directed and edited by Daniel Stamm .
Voodoo Island is a 1957 horror film directed by Reginald Le Borg and written by Richard H. Landau .
Crime and Punishment U.S.A. ( 1959 ) is an American feature film , directed by Denis Sanders , and is-- as the New York Times put it , `` a beat generation version''--of the novel Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky .
Con el diablo en el cuerpo is a 1947 Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and starring Susana Freyre , Juan Carlos Thorry and Tito Gómez .
Radio Bar is a 1936 Argentine musical film drama directed and written by Manuel Romero .
The Necessities of Life ( French : Ce qu'il faut pour vivre ; Inuktitut : Inuujjutiksaq ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑎᒃᓴᖅ or ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑦᐃᒃᓴᖅ ( inuːjjutikˈsaq ) ) is a 2008 film directed by Benoît Pilon .
Gayniggers from Outer Space is a 1992 short film , directed by Danish filmmaker Morten Lindberg .
Noora ( The Kiss of Life ) is the first fiction film directed by Mahmoud Shoolizadeh , it has participated in major international film festivals and has won many awards .
Horse Sense is a 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie , directed by Greg Beeman .
Sportloto-82 ( Russian : Спортлото-82 ) is a comedy film , directed by Leonid Gaidai and released in 1982 .
Detective 909 Keralathil is a 1970 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. Venu and produced by TC Sankar .
A Girl from Hunan ( also known as Girl from Hunan ) ( Chinese : 湘女萧萧 ; pinyin : Xiāngnǔ xiāoxiāo ) is a 1986 Chinese drama film directed by Xie Fei and U Lan .
Free the Fish ( Italian : Liberate i pesci ! ) is a 2000 Italian comedy film directed by Cristina Comencini .
Buonanotte ... avvocato ! ( traslation : Goodnight ... Lawyer ! ) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi .
All Three of Us ( original title : Nous trois ou rien ; also known as The Three of Us ) is a 2015 French comedy - drama film written , directed by and starring Kheiron in his directorial debut .
Is Matrimony a Failure ? is a 1922 American silent comedy film directed by James Cruze and written by Walter Woods based upon a play of the same name by L. Ditrichstein , which itself was an adaptation of the German play Die Thür ins Freie by Oscar Blumenthal and Gustav Kadelburg .
Sugar Boxx is a 2009 `` women - in - prison '' movie directed by Cody Jarrett .
Anna - Liisa is a 1922 Finnish silent film directed by Teuvo Puro and Jussi Snellman based on the eponymous play by Finnish writer Minna Canth .
For Love and Others ( original German title : Unser Wunderland bei Nacht ) is a 1959 German anthology film , directed by Jürgen Roland , Hans Heinrich and Reinhard Elsner .
Love for Share ( Indonesian : Berbagi Suami ) is a 2006 Indonesian film directed by Nia Dinata .
Kitturina Huli ( Kannada : ಕಿತ್ತೂರಿನ ಹುಲಿ ) is a 1991 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed , scripted and produced by Sai Prakash .
The Nazi Plan is a 1945 American documentary film directed by George Stevens .
Al - Kompars ( Arabic : الكومبارس‎ ) ( International title : The Extras ) is a Syrian feature film by director Nabil Maleh .
Dollar Down is a 1925 American drama film directed by Tod Browning .
Bellini and the Sphynx ( Portuguese : Bellini e a Esfinge ) is 2001 Brazilian crime film directed by Roberto Santucci .
Humanoids from the Deep was directed by Barbara Peeters ( also called Barbara Peters ) and its musical score was composed by James Horner .
A Woman Has Killed ( Italian : Una Donna ha ucciso ) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio Cottafavi .
Meraa Dost Meraa Dushman ( Hindi : मेरा दोस्त मेरा दुश्मन ; English : My friend my foe ) is a 1984 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raj Khosla and produced by Johny Bakshi .
The Great Air Robbery ( aka Cassidy of the Air Lanes ) is a six - reel silent 1919 American drama film directed by Jacques Jaccard and produced by Universal Pictures .
You 're Nobody ' til Somebody Kills You , is a forthcoming film directed by Michael A. Pinckney , founder and Managing Director of Black Noise Media , a production house based in New York City .
Where to Invade Next is a 2015 American documentary film written and directed by Michael Moore .
Maa Ooru is a 1987 Telugu non - feature film written and directed by B. Narsing Rao .
Ghost - Town Gold is a 1936 American film directed by Joseph Kane and was the second entry of the 51-film series of Western `` Three Mesquiteers '' B - movies .
Grain in Ear ( Chinese : 芒种 ; Hangul : 망종 ; RR : Máng zhòng ) is a 2005 Chinese film written and directed by Korean Chinese filmmaker Zhang Lu .
Full Tilt Boogie is a 1997 documentary directed by Sarah Kelly that chronicles the production of the 1996 film From Dusk till Dawn .
Kousek nebe is a Czech romance film directed by Petr Nikolaev .
The Office Wife is a 1930 American Pre - Code romantic drama film directed by Lloyd Bacon , released by Warner Bros. , and based on the novel of the same name by Faith Baldwin .
His Mother 's Boy is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Rupert Hughes and Ella Stuart Carson .
Winnie - the - Pooh Pays a Visit ( Russian : Винни-Пух идёт в гости ) is a 1971 animated film by Soyuzmultfilm directed by Fyodor Khitruk .
The Story of Ruth is a 1960 American historical romance film directed by Henry Koster , shot in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color , and released by 20th Century Fox .
The Swinging Cheerleaders is a 1974 comedy - drama film written and directed by exploitation film auteur Jack Hill ( who was credited for writing the film as Jane Witherspoon ) .
Millennium Mambo ( Chinese : 千禧曼波 ; pinyin : Qiānxī Mànbō ) directed by Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao - Hsien , is a 2001 film .
Corazón de criolla ( English language : Heart of Criole ) is a 1923 silent Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra .
Social Genocide ( Spanish : Memoria del saqueo ) is a 2004 Argentine documentary film directed by Fernando Solanas .
The Boy and the Pirates is a 1960 film from Bert I. Gordon ( `` Mr . B.I.G. '' ) , the master of giant monster films .
A Flood in Baath Country ( Arabic : طوفان في بلد البعث‎ ) is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay .
The Horse Thief is a 1986 Chinese film by director , Tian Zhuangzhuang .
Our Beloved Month of August ( Portuguese : Aquele Querido Mês de Agosto ) is a 2008 Portuguese film directed by Miguel Gomes .
At the Potter 's Wheel is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston .
Absurda is a short film directed by David Lynch and shown at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival .
The Sisterhood of Night is a 2014 film directed by Caryn Waechter and written by Marilyn Fu based on a short story by Steven Millhauser .
The Sweet and the Bitter ( Italian : Il dolce e l'amaro ) is a 2007 Italian crime - drama film directed by Andrea Porporati .
Honour Thy Mother ( German : Ehre deine Mutter ) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Mary Carr , Walter Rilla and Anita Dorris .
The Overland Telegraph is a 1929 American Western silent film directed by John Waters and written by Harry Sinclair Drago , George C. Hull and Edward J. Meagher .
May Events ( Czech : Bylo to v máji ) is a Czech comedy film directed by Václav Berdych and Martin Frič .
Johnny Mad Dog is a 2008 French / Liberian film directed by Jean - Stéphane Sauvaire , and starring Christopher Minie , Daisy Victoria Vandy , Dagbeh Tweh , Barry Chernoh , Mohammed Sesay and Joseph Duo .
I cinque dell'Adamello ( i. e. `` The Five from the Adamello '' ) is a 1954 Italian war drama film written and directed by Pino Mercanti and starring Fausto Tozzi and Nadia Gray .
The Happy Housewife ( Dutch : De gelukkige huisvrouw ) is a 2010 Dutch - language film directed by Antoinette Beumer .
Georgia , Georgia is a 1972 Swedish - American drama film directed by Stig Björkman .
Big Father , Small Father and Other Stories ( Vietnamese : Cha và con và ) is a 2015 Vietnamese drama film directed by Phan Đăng Di .
2 Harihar Nagar is a 2009 Malayalam film written and directed by Lal and produced by P. N. Venugopal .
Far from Men ( French : Loin des hommes ) is a 2014 French drama film directed by David Oelhoffen .
The Story of a Crime ( Russian : История одного преступления , translit . Istoriya odnogo prestupleniya ) is a 1962 Soviet animated film directed by Fyodor Khitruk and based on a screenplay by Michael Volpin .
Saving Santa is a 2013 computer - animated comedy film Created and Written by Tony Nottage and directed by Leon Joosen , Produced by Tony Nottage , Terry Stone and Nick Simunek .
The Crimes of Stephen Hawke is a 1936 British historical melodrama film directed by George King and starring Tod Slaughter as the nefarious Stephen Hawke - who masquerades as the ' Spine - Breaker ' .
Naanum Oru Penn ( English : I am a woman too ) is a 1963 Indian Tamil drama film directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar .
Sallie Gardner at a Gallop is a series of photographs consisting of a galloping horse , the result of a photographic experiment by Eadweard Muybridge on June 15 , 1878 .
The Adventures of Antar and Abla ( Arabic : مغامرات عنتر وعبلة‎ , Arabic : Mughamarat Antar wa Abla‎ ) is a 1948 Egyptian film directed by Salah Abu Seif .
Nadie hablará de nosotras cuando hayamos muerto ( English : Nobody Will Speak of Us When We 're Dead ) is an awarded 1995 Spanish noir drama film written and directed by Agustín Díaz Yanes .
One Meat Brawl is a 1947 Porky Pig cartoon directed by Robert McKimson .
General 's Son III ( Hangul : 장군의 아들 3 ; RR : Janggunui adeul 3 ) is a 1992 South Korean film directed by I m Kwon - taek .
Convict Stage is a 1965 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Daniel Mainwaring .
Blood and Bone is a 2009 American direct - to - DVD martial arts film directed by Ben Ramsey and written by Michael Andrews .
Iniyum Marichittillatha Nammal is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Chintha Ravi .
The Billion Dollar Scandal is a 1933 American pre - Code drama film directed by Harry Joe Brown and written by Beatrice Banyard , Willard Mack and Gene Towne .
Bezawada Bebbuli ( Telugu : బెజావాడ బెబ్బులి ) is a 1983 Indian Telugu film , directed by Vijaya Nirmala and produced by Atluri Tulasidas .
Poppins ( 2012 ) is a Malayalam film directed by V. K. Prakash .
The 317th Platoon ( French : La 317e Section ) is a 1965 French war film set during the French Vietnam war ( 1946 - 54 ) directed by Pierre Schoendoerffer .
I Killed That Man is a 1941 American film directed by Phil Rosen that was a remake of his 1933 film The Devil 's Mate .
Flirting in the Air ( 唐伯虎衝上雲霄 ) is a sex comedy film directed by Aman Chang .
Dokter Pulder zaait papavers ( Doctor Pulder Sows Poppies ) is a 1975 Dutch drama film directed by Bert Haanstra .
The Dub Room Special is a film produced by Frank Zappa for direct - to - video release in October , 1982 .
Uncle David is a 2010 British black comedy film directed by David Hoyle , Gary Reich , and Mike Nichols .
In a 2014 oral history of `` A Glimpse of Tiger '' on Hidden Films , Gould explained that his main issues were with Anthony Harvey 's `` directing before I even show up , '' for instance , making decisions about his and Kim Darby 's costumes without his consent .
The Accusation ( Italian : Atto d'accusa ) is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Giacomo Gentilomo .
The World Condemns Them ( Italian : Il mondo le condanna , French : Les Anges déchus ) is a 1953 Italian - French drama film directed by Gianni Franciolini .
Lewat Tengah Malam ( literally Past Midnight ) is a 1971 Indonesian film and the first feature - length production by director Sjumandjaja .
All About Women ( Chinese : 女人不坏 ; pinyin : Nǚrén bú huài ) , originally titled She Ai n't Mean and Not All Women Are Bad , is a 2008 Chinese romantic comedy - drama film directed by Tsui Hark .
Herr Meets Hare is a 1945 Warner Bros. cartoon directed by Friz Freleng , under the Merrie Melodies series .
The Villain Foiled is a 1911 silent film short directed by Henry Lehrman and Mack Sennett early in his career .
Thamassu is an Indian Kannada film written directed by journalist Agni Shridhar , starring Shivarajkumar and Padmapriya .
Aqui na Terra ( Here on Earth ) ( 1993 ) it 's a Portuguese film directed by João Botelho .
Ten Thousand Days ( Hungarian : Tízezer nap ) is a 1967 Hungarian drama film directed by Ferenc Kósa .
Hilde and the Volkswagen ( German : Hilde und die vier PS ) is a 1936 German comedy film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Ludwig Manfred Lommel , Grethe Weiser and Hilde Schneider .
Restless City is a 2011 independent drama film directed by Andrew Dosunmu .
The Beauty of Vice ( Serbian : Lepota poroka , Лепота порока ) is a 1986 Yugoslav drama film directed by Živko Nikolić .
The Cow Who Wanted to Be a Hamburger is an American independent short film directed by Bill Plympton .
Teta , Alf Marra was directed by award - winning filmmaker Mahmoud Kaabour .
Aalaya Sikharam ( Telugu : ఆలయ శిఖరం ) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna .
Moon Over Her Shoulder is a 1941 motion picture comedy directed by Alfred L. Werker .
Murder - Set - Pieces is a 2004 American horror film written , produced , and directed by Nick Palumbo .
Maduve Madi Nodu ( Kannada : ಮದುವೆ ಮಾಡಿ ನೋಡು ) is a 1965 Indian Kannada film , directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy and produced by Nagi Reddy and Chakrapani .
Achamillai Achamillai ( Tamil : அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை , `` Fearless '' ) is a 1984 Indian Tamil language political satire film directed by K. Balachander .
The Dust Factory is a 2004 film directed and written by Eric Small .
A Silent Love is a 2004 ( Quebec ) film written and directed by Federico Hidalgo and produced by Atopia .
Should We Get Married ? ( German : Soll man heiraten ? ) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Manfred Noa and starring Vilma Bánky , Angelo Ferrari and Max Landa .
First Blood is a 1982 American action adventure film directed by Ted Kotcheff .
In Heaven There Is No Beer ? ( 1984 ) is a documentary film by Les Blank about polkas and their devotees .
Soldiers in Hiding is a 1985 documentary film directed by Malcolm Clarke .
Gajakesari is a 2014 Indian Kannada epic action film directed by cinematographer Krishna and produced by Jayanna and Bogendra .
Mere Humsafar ( English : My Soulmate ) is a 1970 Bollywood romance film produced by Yusuf Teendarwajawala on Labela Films banner and directed by Dulal Guha .
Drushyam ( English : Visual ) is a 2014 Indian Telugu thriller film directed by Sripriya and jointly produced by Daggubati Suresh Babu and Rajkumar Sethupathi .
The Gentleman Bandit retitled after theatrical release as Gentleman B. , is a crime - drama film by producer - director Jordan Alan released in 2002 .
Entre la coupe et l'élection ( Between the Cup and the Election ) is a 2008 documentary film co - directed by Monique Mbeka Phoba and Guy Kabeya Muya .
Who I Am And What I Want is a 7-minute animated short directed by Chris Shepherd and David Shrigley in 2005 .
The Dupes ( Arabic : المخدوعون‎ ; Al - makhdu'un ) is a 1973 Syrian drama film directed by Tewfik Saleh and starring Mohamed Kheir - Halouani , Abderrahman Alrahy , Bassan Lotfi , Saleh Kholoki and Thanaa Debsi .
My Cousin is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Edward José and written by Margaret Turnbull .
Det gamle guld is a 1951 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks .
Apa Khabar Orang Kampung ( English title : Village People Radio Show ) is a 2007 Malaysian documentary by Amir Muhammad .
Los Monstruos del Terror ( English : The Monsters of Terror ) , also known as Dracula vs. Frankenstein , Reincarnator and Assignment Terror , is a 1970 Spanish - German - Italian horror film directed by Tulio Demicheli , Hugo Fregonese and Eberhard Meichsner .
The Fatal Sign is a 1920 American drama film serial directed by Stuart Paton .
Som folk är mest ( English : As people are most ) is a 1944 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman .
The Sap from Syracuse is a 1930 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and written by John Griffith Wray , along with Jack O'Donnell , John Hayden and Gertrude Purcell .
Lovesick on Nana Street ( translit . Hole Ahava B'Shikun Gimel ) is a 1995 Israeli comedy drama film directed by Savi Gabizon .
Perils of Nyoka is a 1942 Republic Movie serial directed by William Witney .
Bony a klid is a Czech drama film directed by Vít Olmer .
Spies of the Air ( aka Spies in the Air and The Fifth Column ) is a 1939 British adventure film directed by David MacDonald and based on the play Official Secret by Jeffrey Dell .
Good Fortune in Ohio ( German : Glück aus Ohio ) is a 1950 West German comedy film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Hermann Brix , Edith Prager and Loni Heuser .
Padlocked is a 1926 American drama silent film directed by Allan Dwan and written by Rex Beach , Becky Gardiner , James Shelley Hamilton .
Wild Target is a 2010 black comedy film , directed by Jonathan Lynn .
The Stuntmen is a one - hour documentary for Australian TV written and directed by Brian Trenchard - Smith .
Bring Me the Head of Charlie Brown is an animated short directed and animated by Jim Reardon , who would later become director and storyboard consultant for The Simpsons .
Big Man , Little Love ( Turkish : Büyük Adam Küçük Aşk , Kurdish : Hejar ) is a 2001 international co - production drama film , written and directed by Handan İpekçi , about an orphaned Kurdish child and a Turkish pensioner thrown together by circumstance .
Nunca pasa nada or Nothing Ever Happens is a 1963 Spanish - French drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem .
Gariber Sansar is a 2000 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Subrato Saha Ray . The film has bean music composed by Alauddin Ali .
Her First Affaire is a 1932 British drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Ida Lupino , George Curzon and Diana Napier .
On Death Row is a television mini - series written and directed by Werner Herzog .
I 'm a Big Shot Now is a 1936 Merrie Melodies cartoon short directed by Friz Freleng .
The Recoil is a 1917 silent drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring William Courtenay .
Rentadick is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Jim Clark and starring James Booth , Richard Briers , Julie Ege , Ronald Fraser and Donald Sinden .
Ivan and Alexandra ( Bulgarian : 1952 : Иван и Александра , translit . 1952 : Ivan i Aleksandra ) is a 1989 Bulgarian drama film directed by Ivan Nitchev .
Curse of the Zodiac is a 2007 American horror film from Lionsgate , written and directed by Ulli Lommel , inspired by the true story of the hunt for a notorious serial killer known as `` Zodiac '' who claimed responsibility for the still unsolved murders .
The Last Witch Hunter is a 2015 American dark fantasy action thriller film directed by Breck Eisner and written by Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless .
A Dancer 's Life ( also known as First Position ) is a 1972 American documentary film directed by William Richert , produced by Warner Bros. Pictures .
Cathy Come Home is a 1966 BBC television play by Jeremy Sandford , produced by Tony Garnett and directed by Ken Loach , about homelessness .
Chirag ( Hindi : चिराग ; English : Light ) is a 1969 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raj Khosla .
Bollenti spiriti is a 1981 Italian fantasy - comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani .
An Extraordinary Cab Accident is a 1903 British short silent comedy film , directed by Walter R. Booth , featuring a gentleman making a miraculous recovery after being trampled underfoot by a horse and cab .
Mr. Celebrity is a 1941 American comedy film directed by William Beaudine .
Cochin Express is a 1967 Indian Malayalam thriller film , directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by T. E. Vasudevan .
Vaasthavam ( English : The Reality ) is a 2006 Malayalam film written by Babu Janardhanan and directed by M. Padmakumar .
Ghazab Tamasha , correct name GAJAB TAMAASA , is a 1992 family - drama - romantic film , produced and directed by Ranjeet .
The Myth of Fingerprints is a 1997 American film drama written and directed by Bart Freundlich .
Slick Hare is a 1947 Merrie Melodies Bugs Bunny cartoon , directed by Friz Freleng .
Pakeezah ( Urdu : پاکیزہ‎ , Hindi : पाकीज़ा ; Pākīzā , meaning `` Pure '' ) is a 1972 Indian film , written and directed by Kamal Amrohi , who was known for his perfectionism .
Beyond Paradise is a 1998 American independent film directed by David L. Cunningham .
Manmani ( Happy - Go - Lucky ) is a 1947 Hindi social film directed by Sarvottam Badami and produced by Ajit Pictures .
Thampu ( English : The Circus Tent , 1978 ) is a highly acclaimed Malayalam film written and directed by G. Aravindan .
The Sick Kitten is a 1903 British short silent comedy film , directed by George Albert Smith , featuring two young children tending to a sick kitten .
Hinugot sa Langit ( lit . `` Snatched from Heaven '' ) is a 1985 Gawad Urian Award winning Filipino melodramatic film directed by Ishmael Bernal based on moral values .
The Age for Love was a 1931 American Pre - Code comedy film ( now lost ) directed by Frank Lloyd based on the 1930 novel of the same name by Ernest Pascal .
Carnival Scenes ( Romanian : De ce trag clopotele , Mitică ? ) is a 1981 Romanian drama film directed by Lucian Pintilie .
The Orphic Trilogy is a series of three films directed by Jean Cocteau :
Ponnunjal ( Tamil : பொன்னூஞ்சல் ) is a 1973 Indian Tamil film , directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by K. S. Kutralingam .
Kallan Pavithran ( Malayalam : കള്ളൻ പവിത്രൻ , English : Pavithran , the Thief ) is a 1981 Malayalam film written and directed by P. Padmarajan .
Blood Freak is a 1972 American horror film , directed by Brad F. Grinter and starring Steve Hawkes .
Pussycat , Pussycat , I Love You is a 1970 American comedy film directed by Rod Amateau , intended as a sequel to the 1965 film What 's New , Pussycat ? .
Yeh Dil Aashiqanaa is an Indian Romantic Action film that is directed by Kuku Kohli .
Pesum Dheivam ( Tamil : பேசும் தெய்வம் ) is a 1967 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. S. Gopalakrishnan and produced by R. Balasubramaniam .
El huérfano is a 1926 Chilean short silent film , the last to be directed in Chile by Carlos F. Borcosque before moving to Hollywood .
A Taste of Cold Steel or ( Chinese : 武林風雲 ; Wu lin feng yun ) is a 1970 Hong Kong Shaw Brothers action film adventure directed by Yueh Feng .
Mission Kashmir is a 2000 Indian action drama film directed and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra .
Ram Teri Ganga Maili ( literally translated into English as `` Ram , your Ganges become impure '' ) is a 1985 Bollywood film directed by actor - director Raj Kapoor .
Last Train to Mahakali ( 1999 ) is short film written and directed by Indian film director - screenwriter Anurag Kashyap .
Desi Boyz ( Hindi : देसी बोयज़ ) is a 2011 Indian comedy - drama film directed by debutant Rohit Dhawan , son of director David Dhawan .
Fury of Johnny Kid ( Italian : Dove si spara di più , Spanish : La furia de Johnny Kidd , also known as Ultimate Gunfighter ) is a 1967 Italian - Spanish film directed by Gianni Puccini .
Duped Till Doomsday ( German : Betrogen bis zum jüngsten Tag ) is a 1957 East German drama film directed by Kurt Jung - Alsen .
Martin in the Clouds ( Martin u oblacima ) is a 1961 Croatian film directed by Branko Bauer , starring Boris Dvornik and Ljubica Jović .
Hibiscus Town ( simplified Chinese : 芙蓉镇 ; traditional Chinese : 芙蓉鎮 ; pinyin : Fúróng zhèn ) is a 1986 Chinese film directed by Xie Jin , based on a novel by the same name written by Gu Hua .
Alibabayum 41 Kallanmaarum is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by M. J. Kurien .
The Best of Youth ( Italian : La meglio gioventù ) , is a 2003 Italian film directed by Marco Tullio Giordana .
The director of Hearts in Dixie was Paul Sloane .
Out to Kill is a 2014 film written and directed by independent filmmaker Rob Williams ( Long Term Relationship , Back Soon , Make the Yuletide Gay , The Men from Next Door ) , who has made a name for himself in the gay genre .
An International Marriage is a 1916 American comedy silent film directed by Frank Lloyd and written by George Broadhurst .
The Conscript ( Dutch : De loteling ) is a 1974 Belgian drama film directed by Roland Verhavert .
Torture Money is a 1937 American short crime film directed by Harold S. Bucquet .
The Lord 's Lantern in Budapest ( Hungarian : Nekem lámpást adott kezembe az Úr Pesten ) is a 1999 Hungarian film directed by Miklós Jancsó .
Prarambha ( Kannada:ಪ್ರಾರಂಭ , translation : Beginning ) is a 2007 Indian short film directed by Santosh Sivan and funded by Bill Gates foundation .
Savage Breed ( Italian : Razza selvaggia ) is a 1980 Italian drama film directed by Pasquale Squitieri .
The Brides of Sodom is an American feature film horror that was written and directed by Creep Creepersin .
Heaven and Earth Magic ( also called Number 12 , The Magic Feature , or Heaven and Earth Magic Feature ) is an American avant garde feature film made by Harry Everett Smith .
Amanda Fallon is a 1973 American TV drama film directed by Jack Laird .
Zay El Naharda ( Arabic : زي النهاردة , On A Day Like Today ) is a 2008 Egyptian thriller film , it was the debut of its writer and director Amr Salama .
Nokkukuthi is a 1983 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Mankada Ravi Varma and produced by PP Kunjahammad .
Me Ivan , You Abraham ( French : Moi Ivan , toi Abraham ) is a 1993 French - Belarusian film written and directed by Yolande Zauberman .
Raja Chinna Roja ( English : Raja , Roja and the Kids ) is a 1989 Indian Tamil children 's film directed by SP . Muthuraman .
Iru Kodugal ( English : Two lines ) is a 1969 Tamil drama film directed by the veteran director K. Balachander .
24 Hours of Explicit Sex ( original title : 24 Horas de Sexo Explícito ) is a 1985 sexploitation B - film by Brazilian director José Mojica Marins .
The Girl from Nagasaki is a 2013 romantic musical drama film directed by Michel Comte .
Sheltered Daughters is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Edward Dillon , starring Justine Johnstone , Riley Hatch , and Warner Baxter .
To the Left of the Father ( Portuguese : Lavoura Arcaica ) is a 2001 Brazilian drama film directed by Luiz Fernando Carvalho , based on the novel of the same name by Raduan Nassar .
For the Crown is a 1913 American silent short film written and directed by Lorimer Johnston .
Magic Waltz ( Hungarian : Varázskeringö ) is a 1918 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz .
Two Women ( Italian : La ciociara , roughly translated as `` ( The Woman ) from Ciociaria '' ) is a 1960 Italian film directed by Vittorio De Sica .
The American Hobo is a 2003 documentary film by writer and director Bobb Hopkins .
Tom Sweep is an animated short film made by Michaël Dudok de Wit in 1992 .
Jeevan Prabhat ( Dawn Of Life ) is a 1937 Hindi film social drama , produced by Bombay Talkies and directed by Franz Osten .
The Deer Hunter is a 1978 American epic war drama film co - written and directed by Michael Cimino about a trio of Russian American steelworkers and their service in the Vietnam War .
Good Morning , Vietnam is a 1987 American military comedy - drama film written by Mitch Markowitz and directed by Barry Levinson .
Amy Tuck currently serves as Vice President for Campus Services at Mississippi State University .
Somers graduated from the Design Academy Eindhoven in 2000 and then founded Studio Wieki Somers with fellow student Dylan van den Berg .
Chico Fletcher ( born October 25 , 1977 ) is a former American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Arkansas State University .
Joe Luxbacher ( born February 10 , 1951 in Beadling , Pennsylvania ) is a former head men 's soccer coach at University of Pittsburgh .
Jack Graf ( April 19 , 1919 - September 14 , 2009 ) is a former two - sport athlete at the Ohio State University .
From 1934 onwards , David Oistrakh held a position teaching at the Moscow Conservatory , and was later made professor in 1939 .
John Siptroth was born in the Delaware Water Gap Borough , and later attended Stroudsburg High School .
Reuben LaVell Edwards ( born October 11 , 1930 ) is a former American football head coach for Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Bilal Nazki was born on 18 November 1947 at Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir , and was educated at the Aligarh Muslim University .
David Battisti is The Tamaki Endowed Chair of Atmospheric Sciences at the University of Washington and a fellow at the American Geophysical Union .
Julia Barfield studied at the Architectural Association School of Architecture from 1972 to 1978 .
From 1971 to 1979 , Rosa Tavarez studied printmaking at the Art Students League of New York .
Eric Banks earned his BA in Composition ( 1990 ) at Yale University , and his Master 's and Doctoral degrees in Music Theory and Choral Studies at the University of Washington .
William Warde Fowler ( 16 May 1847 -- 15 June 1921 ) was an English historian and ornithologist , and tutor at Lincoln College , Oxford .
Stevi Jackson earned her degree in Sociology from the University of Kent in 1972 .
Recording of Heaney reading all of his collected poems Heaney translated Old Irish marginalia for Songs of the Scribe by Pádraigín Ní Uallacháin , Traditional Singer in Residence at the Seamus Heaney Centre for poetry at Queen 's University , Belfast .
Ken Novack , a graduate of Dartmouth College and Harvard Law School , is an American lawyer who currently sits on the board of BBN Technologies and is a special advisor to General Catalyst Partners .
Born on 28 October 1921 , John MacFarlane Cliff was educated at Bedford School , at Christ 's College , Cambridge , and at St Thomas 's Hospital Medical School .
Annet van Egmond was educated as a sculpturist at the Utrecht School of the Arts .
Born in London in 1862 , Philip Martineau was educated at Harrow School and played for the cricket team there in 1880 and 1881 .
Maria João Rodrigues holds three master 's degrees and a PhD in economics from the University of Paris 1 Pantheon - Sorbonne as well as a Degree in Sociology from the University of Lisbon .
India 's first University , the Senate of Serampore College ( University ) in West Bengal conferred upon Ananda Rao Samuel an honorary doctorate in 1989 .
Jeff S. Shamma ( born c. 1961 ) is an American control theorist and the Professor and Julian T. Hightower Chair in Systems & Control Systems and Controls at the Georgia Institute of Technology .
Gunnar Malmquist was born in Ystad , where he completed his secondary school education before matriculating at the Lund University in 1911 .
Alicja Sakaguchi earned a master 's degree after studying Hungarian and Esperantology at Eötvös Loránd University in Budapest ( 1974 to 1979 ) ; she completed her doctorate in 1982 .
Hankook Ilbo Chair in Korean American Studies Born Seoul , South Korea , 1968 A.B. Harvard University , magna cum laude , Physics , 1990 J.D. Harvard Law School , magna cum laude , 1993 Professor Jerry Kang 's teaching and research interests include civil procedure , race , and communications .
Bhabatosh Banerjee , Ph.D. , is Professor , Department of Commerce and Dean Faculty of the Indian Institute of Social Welfare and Business Management of the University of Calcutta .
Bruce Dickins , FBA ( 26 October 1889 -- 4 January 1978 ) , a graduate of Magdalene College , Cambridge , was Professor of English Language at the University of Leeds from 1931 to 1946 ( where he succeeded E. V. Gordon ) , teaching medieval English and Old Norse .
His father was a minister of the caudillo of San Juan , Nazario Benavídez , Saturnino María Laspiur became a lawyer in 1850 at the National University of Córdoba .
Mark Ballard ( born 27 June 1971 ) is a former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Lothians region between 2003 and 2007 representing the Scottish Green Party , was Lord Rector of the University of Edinburgh between 2006 and 2009 , and co - convener of the Edinburgh Green Party from 2007 - -10 .
Amancio Alcorta was born in Buenos Aires , in 1842 , and enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires , where he received a juris doctor , in 1867 .
During 1915 to 1919 , Tsai Shengbai studied at Lehigh University .
Kanimozhi was a student of Presentation Convent , Church Park in Chennai and later did her Masters in Economics in Ethiraj College for Women from the Madras University .
Jacob Christie Kielland took his architectural education at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1919 .
Born on 10 December 1893 , Eustace Tickell was educated at Bedford School and at the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich .
Paritosh Pandya studied for a BE degree in Electronics at the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda ( 1980 ) , MTech degree in Computer Science at IIT Kanpur ( 1982 ) , and a PhD in Computer Science at Bombay University / TIFR ( 1988 ) .
The son of Hannibal Valdimarsson , Jón Baldvin Hannibalsson earned an MA in Economics from the University of Edinburgh in 1963 .
Vladimir Goldner ( born 19 December 1933 in Ogulin ) is notable Croatian physician , academic and professor at the School of Medicine , at the University of Zagreb .
Born to Howard and Goldie Swofford on July 25 , 1933 , Ken Swofford graduated from Southern Illinois University ( Carbondale ) in 1959 with a BS in theater .
Achille Cattaneo attended the courses of drawing and architecture at the Brera Academy , where he was taught by Emilio Gola , from 1888 to 1896 .
Charles Soule attended the University of Pennsylvania , where he received his undergraduate degree in Asian and Middle Eastern Studies , with a concentration in Chinese language and history .
Anne Marie Anderson ( born November 25 ) is an American sportscaster who is a graduate of Hofstra University in New York and Cherry Creek High School in Englewood , Colorado .
Manon Kahle earned her BA ( Bachelor of Arts ) in Theater and French between 1998 and 2002 at Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts , USA .
In the fall of 1952 , Pete Wilson enrolled at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut , where he received a U.S. Navy ( Marine Corps ) ROTC scholarship , majored in English , and earned his Bachelor of Arts degree .
Adam Rex received a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of Arizona .
Jeremy O'Grady is a British media entrepreneur educated at Trinity College , Cambridge and Cornell University .
Luis López de Mesa Gómez ( October 12 , 1884 - October 18 , 1967 ) was Colombian medical doctor , and Harvard psychiatrist , Dean of the National University of Colombia , and Minister of National Education , and Foreign Affairs .
Francis Mansell ( bap . 23 March 1579 -- 1 May 1665 ) was Principal of Jesus College , Oxford on three occasions : from 1620 to 1621 ; from 1630 to 1648 , when he was ejected by the Parliamentary visitation of the University of Oxford ; and from 1660 to 1661 .
Born in Seoul , Korea in 1968 , Lee Jangwook majored in Russian literature the undergraduate and graduate school levels at Korea University .
Ruth Shaw Wylie was born in Cincinnati , Ohio and grew up in Detroit , Michigan , where she received her undergraduate degree and a master 's degree in music composition at Wayne State University ( WSU ) .
and Harvard University ( MBA ) , Geoffrey Mulcahy started at Esso before moving to British Sugar and then Norton Abrasives .
Reggie Oliver was educated at Eton ( Newcastle Scholar , 1970 , Oppidan Scholar ) and University College , Oxford ( BA Hons 1975 ) , and has been a professional playwright , actor , and theatre director since 1975 .
Benjamin Rodwell was educated at Charterhouse School and Trinity College , Cambridge , before being admitted at Inner Temple and called to the bar at Middle Temple in 1840 .
David Aberle received his undergraduate degree from Harvard University , graduating summa cum laude and had attended three field schools in the summer at the University of New Mexico .
Geraint Morgan was educated at Bedford School and University College of Wales , Aberystwyth and Trinity Hall , Cambridge .
Geisel adopted his `` Dr. Seuss '' pen name during his university studies at Dartmouth College and the University of Oxford .
Atika Suri graduated from the Design and Art Faculty of Trisakti University in Jakarta .
Vasanti N. Bhat - Nayak ( 10 June 1938 -- 12 February 2009 ) was a professor of combinatorics and head of the department of mathematics , University of Mumbai .
Mona Al Munajjed gained a MA in sociology from New York University and a PhD in sociology from George Washington University .
Ileana Streinu is a Romanian - American computer scientist and mathematician , the Charles N. Clark Professor of Computer Science and Mathematics at Smith College in Massachusetts .
He was educated at Westminster and Christ Church , Oxford , and having inherited a fortune from his uncle , also Peter Elmsley , a well - known bookseller , devoted himself to the study of classical authors and manuscripts .
A graduate of Stone Ridge School of the Sacred Heart and Manhattanville College , she taught at the Stuart Country Day School of the Sacred Heart ( Princeton , N.J. ) , which , in honor of her life , now annually awards the Barbara Boggs Sigmund Alumnae Award .
Kim Levin received a B.A. from Vassar College and an M.A. in Egyptian Archaeology from Columbia University , Department of Art History and Architecture .
Betty Diamond received her B.A. in Art History ( Magna Cum ) from Radcliffe College in 1969 and her M.D. from Harvard Medical School in 1973 .
Shyeh Tjing Cleo Loi ( born 1991 or 1992 ) is an Australian astrophysicist and undergraduate at the University of Sydney School of Physics .
Peter Vansittart was educated at Marlborough House School , Haileybury College and Worcester College , Oxford , although he spent only a year at Oxford and did not graduate .
Dinesh Thakur did his graduation from Kirori Mal College ( KMC ) , Delhi University , where was also part of the KMC dramatic society .
Pu Zhiqiang received an undergraduate degree in history from Nankai University in 1986 , and a Master of Laws degree from China University of Political Science and Law in 1991 .
Carl - Gunne Fälthammar ( born December 4 , 1931 , Markaryd , Sweden ) is Professor Emeritus at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm , Sweden , specialising in space and plasma physics in the School of Electrical Engineering .
Charles Sumner Hamlin was born in Boston , Massachusetts on August 30 , 1861 , and graduated from Harvard University in 1886 .
The elder daughter of James Kidd , solicitor and Unionist MP for Linlithgowshire , and Janet Gardner Kidd ( née Turnbull ) , a schoolteacher , Margaret Kidd was educated at Linlithgow Academy and graduated with an MA and LLB from the University of Edinburgh in 1922 .
John Minor Wisdom was born on May 17 , 1905 , in New Orleans , Louisiana , and graduated from the prestigious Isidore Newman School there .
After earning his degree from Michigan Tech at the Soo now Lake Superior State University in his hometown of Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan , Bruce Martyn started in broadcasting doing play - by - play for the Soo Indians of the Northern Ontario Hockey Association on WSOO - AM in 1950 .
Virginius Dabney was born on February 8 , 1901 at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville , Virginia , where his father , Richard Heath Dabney , was a professor of history .
A. K. Shiva Kumar earned his postgraduate diploma in management from the Indian Institute of Management , Ahmedabad , and his MA in economics from Bangalore University .
John Albert Cousens ( November 17 , 1874 -- July 2 , 1937 ) was an American Universalist businessman and educator who was the sixth president of Tufts College ( later Tufts University ) from 1919 to 1937 .
In 1943 the family moved back to the ancestral home at Aligarh , where Jamal Khwaja joined the Aligarh Muslim University , the erstwhile MAO College for which his forefathers had worked so diligently .
Pat Morris Neff ( 26 November 1871 -- 20 January 1952 ) was the 28th Governor of Texas from 1921 to 1925 and ninth President of Baylor University from 1932 to 1947 .
Brigitte Young studied from 1978 to 1982 at the University of California , Santa Barbara and University of California , Davis , and from 1984 to 1990 at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
Mark Beer studied at both King Edward 's School , Birmingham and Manchester Grammar School before graduating from Lady Margaret Hall , Oxford at the University of Oxford in 1993 after studying Jurisprudence , Law .
After studying Law , Catherine Colonna successively enrolled at the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris and the École nationale d'administration .
Victoria Jordanova holds BA from Michigan State University .
Born in 1960 , Dmitry Liss is a graduate of the Moscow Conservatory , where he studied with the Music Director of the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra , Professor Dmitry Kitayenko .
Reinhold Geijer is married to Lena Kristina Linhard PhD ( born 1950 ) and together they have two sons , Erik Christoffer Reinhold Geijer ( born 1985 ) and Sven Henrik Reinhold Geijer ( born 1986 ) , both studying at the Stockholm School of Economics .
Danica Curcic attended Sankt Annæ Gymnasium before obtaining a bachelor 's degree in film and media science from University of Copenhagen .
Irwin Altman ( born July 16 , 1930 in New York City , New York ) , is a social psychologist who earned his B.A. degree from New York University in 1951 , his M.A. degree from the University of Maryland in 1954 and his Ph.D. from the University of Maryland in 1957 .
Evan Roth received a degree in architecture from University of Maryland and a MFA from the Communication , Design and Technology school at Parsons The New School for Design , where he graduated as class valedictorian .
An accomplished storyteller , puppeteer , and children 's librarian , Lucia M. Gonzalez started her career in library services to children in 1987 after receiving the Bachelor of Arts Degree in History from the University of California , Santa Barbara and while pursuing her Masters in Library Science at the University of South Florida .
John Neville Manners ( 6 January 1892 - 1 September 1914 ) played cricket for Eton College in Fowler 's match in 1910 , and died in the early weeks of the First World War on the retreat from Mons .
Ginger Brooks Takahashi got her BA from Oberlin College .
Martha Edelheit studied at the University of Chicago 1949 to 1951 , New York University in 1954 at the same time as studying art with Michael Loew in 1954 to 1956 and studies in art history for Meyer Schapiro 1955 to 1956 , and at Columbia University ( Teachers College ) in 1956 .
Raymond Wilson Chambers ( 12 November 1874 -- 23 April 1942 ) was a British literary scholar , author , and academic ; throughout his career he was associated with University College London ( UCL ) .
Elvis Mitchell ( born December 6 , 1958 ) is an American film critic , host of the public radio show The Treatment , and visiting lecturer at Harvard University .
James Idwal Robling ( 1927 -- 9 June 2011 ) was a Welsh sports commentator , who worked for the BBC in Wales for almost 40 years .
Joel S. Demski ( born 1940 ) is an American accounting researcher and educator , and Frederick E. Fisher Eminent Scholar at University of Florida , inductees to the Accounting Hall of Fame in 2000 .
Kwadwo Asenso Okyere was a Ghanaian and a former Vice Chancellor of the University of Ghana
William Kirtley ( 1840 -7 October 1919 ) was the Locomotive Superintendent of the London Chatham and Dover Railway ( LCDR ) in England from 1874 until the merger to form the South Eastern and Chatham Railway at the end of 1898 .
Dr J J Lagowski was an American chemist working at The University of Texas at Austin .
Henry Keazor ( born 4 March 1965 ) is a Professor of Art History at the University of Heidelberg .
Klaas van Berkel ( born July 24 , 1953 ) is a Dutch historian , historian of science , and professor of Modern History at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands , known from his work on the history of science in the Netherlands , particularly the work of Isaac Beeckman , Simon Stevin and Eduard Jan Dijksterhuis .
Born in Vienna of Austrian - Moravian ancestry , Hermann Mückler studied anthropology and political science at the University of Vienna .
Dr Kevin Beurle ( 19 January 1956 -- 29 May 2009 ) was a British space scientist and programmer at Queen Mary , University of London , who played a key role in the Cassini--
Jeffrey Scott Flier ( born February 27 , 1948 ) is an American physician , endocrinologist , researcher , and the 21st Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Harvard University .
Rohan Abeyaratne ( Sinhalese : රොහාන් අබේරත්න ) is a Sri Lankan born American academic and engineer and the Quentin Berg Professor of Mechanics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Richard H. Helmholz is the Ruth Wyatt Rosenson Distinguished Service Professor of Law at the University of Chicago Law School , where he enjoys the affectionate nickname `` the Hammer '' from his students .
Dick Blau ( born 1943 ) is a professor of film at the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee , a photographer and film maker , and a figure in the study of photography of the family
Robert Francis Boucher , CBE , FREng ( 25 April 1940 -- 25 March 2009 ) , usually known as Bob Boucher , was a British mechanical engineer , and Vice - Chancellor of both UMIST ( 1995 - -2001 ) the University of Sheffield ( 2001 - -2007 ) .
Russell Impagliazzo is a professor of computer science at the University of California , San Diego .
Nicholas J. Cull ( born 1964 ) is a historian and the director of the Master 's in Public Diplomacy program at the Center on Public Diplomacy at the University of Southern California .
Gavin Hewitt ( born March 1951 , Penge , London ) is a British journalist and presenter , currently BBC News 's News Editor .
J. Keith Melville ( 22 September 1921 -- 15 June 1995 ) was a political science professor at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and the chairman of the Utah Democratic Party .
Theodore C. Bestor ( born 1951 ) is a Professor of Anthropology and Japanese Studies at Harvard University .
Sylvia Chant ( born 1960 ) is a professor of Developmental Geography at the London School of Economics and Political Science and is the Programme Director of the Urbanisation and Development Programme at the LSE 's Department of Geography and Environment
Ethel Hurlbatt ( 1 July 1866 Bickley , Kent - 22 March 1934 Tours , France ) was Principal of Bedford College , University of London , and later Warden of Royal Victoria College , the women 's college of McGill University , in Montreal , Canada , which had opened in 1899 .
Harry Reis ( born in 1949 ) is a professor of psychology at the University of Rochester .
Stephen Glaister CBE ( born 21 June 1946 ) is Professor of Transport and Infrastructure at the Department of Civil & Environmental Engineering , Imperial College London where he is also director of the Railway Technology Strategy Centre , a former board member of Transport for London and director of the RAC Foundation .
Eugene Victor Wolfenstein ( July 9 , 1940 -- December 15 , 2010 ) was an American social theorist , practicing psychoanalyst , and a professor of political science at University of California , Los Angeles .
Alan Hastings is a theoretical ecologist and distinguished professor in the Department of Environmental Science and Policy at the University of California , Davis .
Prof . Carlos Fernández - Pello ( born in Asturias , Spain ) is a faculty member of the University of California , Berkeley , Department of Mechanical Engineering .
Don Durbridge ( 13 January 1939 -- 9 June 2012 ) was a UK radio presenter who started his career on the BBC Light Programme , and subsequently worked on the British Forces Broadcasting Service , and on BBC Radio 2 , .
Lori Wallach is the Director and Founder of Global Trade Watch , a division of Public Citizen .
Anil Kumar ( born 1958 ) was a top senior partner and director at management consultancy McKinsey & Company , where he co - founded McKinsey 's offices in Silicon Valley and India and created its Internet practice ( representing a quarter of McKinsey 's business at the time ) among others .
Adrian Chiles ( born 21 March 1967 ) is a British television and radio presenter who worked as the chief presenter for football coverage at ITV Sport from 2010 until 2015 .
Stephen C. Stearns ( born December 12 , 1946 , in Kapaau , Hawaii and raised in Hawi , Hawaii ) , an American biologist , is the Edward P. Bass Professor of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at Yale University .
Jürgen Moltmann ( born 8 April 1926 ) is a German Reformed theologian who is Professor Emeritus of Systematic Theology at the University of Tübingen .
Jesse Divnich is the current Vice President of Product Strategy & Insights at Tilting Point and the former Vice President of Insights and Analysis for Electronic Entertainment Design and Research ( EEDAR ) .
Joseph Curl is an American writer and political columnist for The Washington Times , where he has published Right Read , a news aggregator , since 2015 .
Donald B. Campbell is an Australian - born astronomer and Professor of Astronomy at Cornell University .
The University of San Francisco history department named their annual award for the best student - written history paper the David Herlihy Prize , and Brown University has established a David Herlihy University Professorship .
Les Standiford is a historian and author and has since 1985 been the Director of the Florida International University Creative Writing Program .
René Jodoin ( 30 December 1920 -- 22 January 2015 ) was an animation director and producer who founded the French - language animation studio of the National Film Board of Canada .
John Marcellus holds a B.S. degree in Music Education from the University of Maryland and M.M. and D.M.A. degrees from The Catholic University of America .
Carlos Baker ( May 5 , 1909 , Biddeford , Maine -- April 18 , 1987 , Princeton , New Jersey ) was an American writer , biographer and former Woodrow Wilson Professor of Literature at Princeton University .
Françoise Meltzer ( born 1947 ) is a professor of Philosophy of Religion at the University of Chicago Divinity School .
William James Booth , is a professor in the department of political science and in the department of philosophy at Vanderbilt University .
Alden G. Barber ( March 1 , 1919-January 17 , 2003 in Sacramento , California ) was a long - serving professional Scouter for the Boy Scouts of America , and served as the fifth Chief Scout Executive of the BSA from 1967 to 1976 .
Charles Chilton MBE ( 15 June 1917 -- 2 January 2013 ) was a BBC radio presenter , a writer and a producer .
Hongkun Park ( born 1967 in Seoul ) is a professor of chemistry and of physics at Harvard University .
Vilem Sokol ( May 22 , 1915 -- August 19 , 2011 ) was a Czech - American conductor and professor of music at the University of Washington from 1948 to 1985 , where he taught violin , viola , conducting , as well as music appreciation classes directed primarily toward non - music majors .
Kenneth C. Catania ( born 1965 ) is a biologist and neuroscientist working at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee .
Lee Fitzgerald ( born 1955 ) is Professor of Zoology and Faculty Curator of Amphibians and Reptiles in the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries Sciences at Texas A&M University .
Stéphane Richard ( born 24 August 1961 ) is a French businessman and the Chief Executive and Chairman of the worldwide mobile phone network Orange .
Robert E. Connick ( July 29 , 1917 -- August 21 , 2014 ) was a professor emeritus of chemistry at the University of California , Berkeley .
Alice Chalifoux ( January 22 , 1908 -- July 31 , 2008 ) was Principal Harpist with the Cleveland Orchestra from 1931 - -1974 and , for many years , was its only female member .
Ahmet Yıldız ( born in 1979 in Sakarya , Turkey ) is a Turkish professor of Physics and Molecular Cell Biology at the University of California , Berkeley .
Sir ( Thomas ) Gregory Foster ( 10 June 1866 -- 24 September 1931 ) was the Provost of University College London from 1904 - -1929 , and Vice - Chancellor of the University of London from 1928 to 1930 .
Scott Guthrie ( born 1975 ) is an Executive Vice President of the Cloud and Enterprise group in Microsoft .
Heinrich Chantraine ( February 1929 in Betzdorf , Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany -- December 2002 in Mossautal , Hesse ) was a German researcher , numismaticsian and professor of history at the University of Mannheim as well as the University of Mainz .
Harvey Weiss is an archaeologist who teaches at Yale University .
David M. Fergusson is a professor of psychology at the University of Otago in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Dani Rodrik ( born August 14 , 1957 ) is a Turkish economist and Ford Foundation Professor of International Political Economy at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University .
Rafael Caro Quintero ( born October 3 , 1952 ) is a Mexican drug trafficker who founded the now - disintegrated Guadalajara Cartel with Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo and other drug traffickers in the 1970s .
The Piet Zwart Institute of the Willem de Kooning Academy Rotterdam -- the same art school of which he was a professor in the 1920s -- is named after him .
The University of Mannheim grants the annual award `` Elisabeth Altmann - Gottheiner - Preis '' for students ' theses on gender research .
Daniel D. Polsby ( born 1945 ) is former dean of the law school and professor of law at George Mason University and was previously Kirkland and Ellis Professor of Law at Northwestern University .
Scott L. Delp , Ph.D. , is the James H. Clark Professor of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering at Stanford University .
Elaine H. Kim is an award winning writer , editor and professor in Asian American Studies at the University of California , Berkeley .
Piers Wenger ( born 1972 ) is a British television producer who was briefly Head of Drama at BBC Wales between January 2009 and May 2011 .
Thomas H. Pigford ( April 4 , 1922 -- February 27 , 2010 ) was a professor and the founding chairman of the Department of Nuclear Engineering at the University of California , Berkeley .
Professor Michael Boehnke is a Biostatistician at the University of Michigan School of Public Health , where he directs the Center for Statistical Genetics .
Mary Hawkesworth ( born June 26 , 1952 ) is a Distinguished Professor of Political Science and Women 's and Gender Studies at Rutgers University in New Jersey .
Arati Prabhakar ( born February 2 , 1959 ) is an American engineer and the head of DARPA , the United States Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , a position she has held since July 30 , 2012 .
Tyler Jacks is a Professor of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , an HHMI investigator , and director of the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research , which brings together biologists and engineers to improve detection , diagnosis , and treatment of cancer .
Erich Neuwirth ( born October 17 , 1948 ) is a professor emeritus of statistics and computer science at the University of Vienna .
David L. Katz ( born 20 February 1963 in Los Angeles , California ) is a nutritionist and the founding director of the Prevention Research Center at Yale University , as well as an associate professor of public health practice at the Yale University School of Medicine .
Peter Christopher Caldwell , FRS , ( 25 January 1927 - 1 June 1979 ) was a professor of Zoology at the University of Bristol .
Ismael Abraão Gaspar Martins ( born 12 January 1940 ) is an Angolan diplomat and political figure who has been Angola 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations since 2001 .
Douglas Conant is an American businessman who served as President and CEO of the Campbell Soup Company until July 31 , 2011 .
Marc Brettler ( Marc Zvi Brettler ) is an American biblical scholar , and the Dora Golding Professor of Biblical Studies at Brandeis University .
Andrew Oswald ( born 27 November 1953 , eldest son of the late Professor Ian Oswald ) was until recently the Acting Research Director at the IZA Institute in Bonn and is a Professor of Economics at the University of Warwick , UK .
Ann C. Noble is a sensory chemist and retired professor from the University of California , Davis .
Jennifer Platt FAcSS is a sociologist who is Emeritus Professor at the University of Sussex , where she taught from 1964 to 2002 .
The Catholic Church teaches that it is the one true church founded by Jesus Christ , that its bishops are the successors of Christ 's apostles , and that the Pope is the successor to Saint Peter .
Blue Horizon Records was a British blues independent record label , founded by Mike Vernon in 1966 .
Toobs ( later known as `` Tasty Toobs '' ) were a brand of Australian snack food , first created in 1954 by Albert Cranum , and owned and sold by the British Australian company The Smith 's Snackfood Company .
Nauru Airlines was established as Air Nauru and started operations on 14 February 1970 with an experimental service between Nauru and Brisbane , using a chartered Dassault Falcon 20 jet registered VH - BIZ .
Paolo Girolamo Besozzi ( 17 April 1704 -- 1778 ) was an Italian oboe virtuoso , bassoonist who devoted his life to the study of the bassoon and oboe .
Matt McJunkins was raised in Palm Springs , California , where he started playing bass guitar at the age of 13 .
Ken Vandermark ( born September 22 , 1964 in Warwick , Rhode Island ) is an American jazz composer and saxophone and clarinet player .
Stephen Burns is an American trumpet virtuoso , composer , and conductor .
Moving to Providence , Rhode Island , he formed his own band , Johnny Nicholas and the Rhythm Rockers , which included Kaz Kazanoff on saxophone , Terry Bingham on drums , Sarah Brown on bass guitar and Ronnie Earle on electric guitar .
( born 4 October 1985 ) also known by his popular music name Clef nite is a US based Nigerian Afro classical guitarist , performer and music producer distinctively known for his percussive chord playing style on the Classical guitar .
Hilliard Greene ( born 26 February 1958 ) is an American bassist ( double bass , bass guitar ) of Modern Creative and improvised music and music educator .
Bart Berman studied piano with Jaap Spaanderman at a predecessor of the Conservatorium van Amsterdam and complemented his piano education with Theo Bruins and a master class by Alfred Brendel .
Salvador Sabo Romo is a bass and guitar player , composer and producer .
Born May 19 , 1894 to a generational German Band family , Henry Busse studied violin and then trumpet ( after a finger he had broken was set incorrectly ) under his Oompah Band leader uncle .
Born in Caracas , Venezuela , of an American - born mother and a Venezuelan father , Gabriela Montero was barely a seven - month - old infant when her parents , at the insistence of her maternal grandmother , placed a toy piano in her playpen .
Giovanni Lorenzo Lulier , nicknamed Giovannino del Violone ( Little John of the Violin ) ( c. 1662 -- 29 March 1700 ) was a Baroque Italian composer , cellist and trombone player of Spanish descent .
Sean Colig ( born May 21 , 1976 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian musician and record producer who has played guitar or bass in the bands SNFU , Savannah , SideSixtySeven and Minority .
Kari Peitsamo 's debut album Jatsin syvin olemus ( 1977 ) was still performed as a trio but the following albums would be solos where Peitsamo performed his songs accompanied only by an acoustic guitar .
Ralph Edmund Stanley ( born February 25 , 1927 ) , also known as Dr. Ralph Stanley , is an American bluegrass artist , known for his distinctive singing and banjo playing .
Gergely Sárközy is a Hungarian musician who plays guitar , lute , lute - harpsichord , viola bastarda , and organ .
Kenny Neal ( born October 14 , 1957 , New Orleans , Louisiana , United States ) , son of Raful Neal , is an American blues guitar player , singer and band member .
Christian Morin has recorded a few records in which he plays the clarinet .
Debbie Horton is an American guitarist , DJ and songwriter who is the only woman to have ever played lead guitar for Johnny Cash .
Nils Jansen ( born 30 March 1959 in Haugesund , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( saxophone and clarinet ) , known from several recordings and jazz orchestras .
Erik Jayce Landberg is a Swedish guitar virtuoso , composer , record producer , multi - instrumentalist , lyricist and novelist .
Narvin Kimball ( 2 March 1909 - March 17 , 2006 ) was a jazz musician who played banjo and string bass and was also known for his fine singing voice .
Vincente González Rubiera ( 27 October 1908 -- 29 September 1987 ) , better known as Guyún , was an influential Cuban guitarist , harmonist and teacher , who tapped into classical guitar techniques to revive the accompaniment of the trova .
Roy Ayers ( born September 10 , 1940 ) is an American funk , soul , and jazz composer and vibraphone player .
Arthur Grumiaux , Baron Grumiaux ( French : ( gʁy'mjo ) ; 21 March 1921 -- 16 October 1986 ) was a Belgian violinist who was also proficient in piano .
WNSN , known locally as Sunny 101.5 , is an adult contemporary radio station in South Bend , Indiana .
WTSK ( 790 AM , `` The Truth 790 AM '' ) is a radio station serving the Tuscaloosa , Alabama , area with a Gospel music format .
Almaș ( Hungarian : Háromalmás ) is a commune in Arad County , Romania .
Moskiewce ( mɔsˈkʲɛft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Barefoot Landing is a large shopping complex located in North Myrtle Beach , South Carolina .
Owj - e Bala ( Persian : اوج بالا‎ , also Romanized as Owj - e Bālā ) is a village in Sedeh Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Hobart Historical Center ( also known as Hobart Masonic Hall ) is a historic building located in the village of Hobart in Delaware County , New York , United States .
Kurabka ( kuˈrapka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Baltusrol Golf Club is a private 36-hole golf club in Springfield , New Jersey , about 20 miles ( 30 km ) west of New York City .
Bagh - e Khvajeh ( Persian : باغ خواجه‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Khvājeh ; also known as Kalāt - e Bāgh - e Khvājeh , Deh Khvājeh , Khvājeh , and Khwāja ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kafr Shams ( Arabic : كفر شمس‎ , also spelled Kfar Shams or Kafr ash - Shams ) is a small city in southern Syria administratively belonging to the Al - Sanamayn District of the Daraa Governorate .
Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بيرانوندجنوبي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Oroville Hospital is the main hospital for the city of Oroville , California .
The Howe Barn is a historic barn , that has been converted into a house , in Ipswich , Massachusetts , USA , at 421 Linebrook Road ( 403 before the street was renumbered ) .
Dutch Gap is located on the James River in Chesterfield County , Virginia ; it was started as a canal by Union forces during the American Civil War to cut off a curl of the river controlled by Confederate forts .
Bagh - e Esfahanuiyeh ( Persian : باغ اصفهانوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Eṣfahānū’īyeh ; also known as Eṣfehānūueeyeh ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Monterey County Court House in Salinas , California was designed by local architect Robert Stanton in the Art Moderne or WPA Moderne style , and was built in 1937 using funds provided by the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) .
The Lachlan Valley Railway is an Australian rail preservation society based in the New South Wales Central Western town of Cowra .
Gazanak ( Persian : گزنك‎ ) is a city in Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Watermill at Kollen ( Dutch : Collse Watermolen ) is a watermill along the river Kleine Dommel , located on the Collseweg 1 in ' t Coll , Eindhoven , in the province of North Brabant , Netherlands .
Rancho Cañada de San Miguelito was a 8,877-acre ( 35.92 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present - day Ventura County , California , given in 1846 by Governor Pío Pico to Ramón Rodríguez .
Ginu ( Persian : گينو‎ , also Romanized as Gīnū ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnjkkhjan Province , Iran .
Fitzroy Crossing Airport ( IATA : FIZ , ICAO : YFTZ ) is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) northwest of Fitzroy Crossing , Western Australia .
Jedamki ( jɛˈdamki ) ( German Jedamken ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Allah Band ( Persian : لله بند‎ , also Romanized as Laleh Band ) is a village in Valupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lamberhurst Quarter is a hamlet on the A21 road , in the English county of Kent .
Madan - e Hajat ( Persian : معدن حاجات‎ , also Romanized as Ma``dan - e Ḩājāt ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 392 , in 68 families .
Black Dome Mountain is the most northerly summit of the Camelsfoot Range , which lies along the west side of the Fraser River , north of Lillooet , British Columbia , Canada .
Khopadi is a village in Sinnar taluka of the Nashik district in the Indian state Maharashtra .
Mian Yili ( Persian : ميان يلي‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Yīlī ; also known as Mīyānpulī ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Green Meadow Waldorf School ( GMWS ) is an independent Waldorf school located in Chestnut Ridge , Rockland County , New York .
LeFleur 's Bluff State Park is a Mississippi state park in Jackson , Hinds County , Mississippi in the United States .
Badameshk ( Persian : بادمشك‎ , also Romanized as Bādāmeshk ; also known as Bādāmesh and Bādāmesh - e Bālā ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bakersfield City Hall ( which is also referred to as City Hall South ) is the center of government for the City of Bakersfield , California .
Verrettes ( Haitian Creole : Vèrèt ) is a commune in the Saint - Marc Arrondissement , in the Artibonite Department of Haiti .
Clear Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in northeastern California .
Butte Creek Summit ( el . 3848 ft . ) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by Oregon Route 19 .
Mowtowr - e Zargareha Shomareh - ye Do ( Persian : موتورزرگرهاشماره 2‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Zargarehā Shomāreh - ye Do ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Smętne ( ˈsmɛntnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zoleykha ( Persian : زليخا‎ , also Romanized as Zoleykhā ) is a village in Dashtabi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dashtabi District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Gore Place is a historic country house , now a museum , located at 52 Gore Street , Waltham , Massachusetts .
Stare Kolnie ( ˈstarɛ ˈkɔlɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Arabkir District ( Armenian : Արաբկիր ) , is one of the 12 districts of Yerevan , the capital of Armenia .
Saarbrücken Castle is a Baroque Château in Saarbrücken , the capital of Saarland .
Ostrołęka County ( Polish : powiat ostrołęcki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
The Planters Mercantile , is located in Bluffton , South Carolina .
St. James Catholic College is a school in Cygnet , south of Hobart , Tasmania .
Meszah Peak is a volcanic cone located 66 km ( 41 mi ) north of Telegraph Creek and 136 km ( 85 mi ) southwest of Zus Mountain in British Columbia , Canada .
The Silver Bauhinia Star ( Chinese : 銀紫荊星章 , SBS ) is the second rank in the Order of the Bauhinia Star in Hong Kong , awarded to people who have taken a leading part in public affairs or voluntary work over a long period .
Bayranshahr also known as Chaghalvandi ( Persian : چغلوندي‎ , also Romanized as Chaghalvandī , Chaqalwandi , and Chaqalvandī ; also known as Chagharvand and Chaqharvand ) is a city in and capital of Bayravand District , in Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Westbury College Gatehouse ( grid reference ST573775 ) is a 15th - century gatehouse to the 13th - century College of Priests located in Westbury - on - Trym , Bristol , England , and now a National Trust property .
Winslow Township High School ( WTHS ) is a four - year comprehensive public high school in Winslow Township , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States , that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades as the lone secondary school of the Winslow Township School District .
Gałczyn ( ˈɡau̯t͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Hyde is a locality in the London Borough of Barnet in London , United Kingdom , and also lies within Hendon .
Shabdeh ( Persian : شبده‎ ; also known as Shībdeh ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Moorefield and North Branch Turnpike ( or North Branch Turnpike ) was a turnpike in the U.S. state of Virginia ( later West Virginia ) built to facilitate travel and commerce between the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at Green Spring on the North Branch Potomac River and Moorefield .
The Mowers ' Block is a historic commercial block at 7 Willow St. and 67 - 83 Blake Street in downtown Lynn , Massachusetts .
Bletoppen is a mountain in Tinn , Telemark , Norway , and is the highest point in the mountain area Blefjell .
The Bell Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in rural Washington County , Ohio , United States .
Łachoń ( ˈwaxɔɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Pampa Hermosa National Sanctuary ( Spanish : Santuario Nacional Pampa Hermosa ) is a protected area in Peru located in the Junín Region , Chanchamayo Province , Chanchamayo District and in the Tarma Province , Huasahuasi District .
Belilvand ( Persian : بليلوند‎ , also Romanized as Belīlvand ) is a village in Koregah - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Minaret Lake is a lake in the Ritter Range , a subrange of the Sierra Nevada , in California .
The Moltke Watchtower ( German : Moltkewarte ) is an observation tower in the Harz Mountains of central Germany , near the village of Lengefeld , in the county of Mansfeld - Südharz in the state of Saxony - Anhalt .
The Canton Memorial Civic Center is a multi - purpose arena located in Canton , Ohio , USA , and is currently the home arena for the Canton Charge of the NBA Developmental League ( NBADL ) .
The Hoge Building is a 17-story building constructed in 1911 by , and named for John D. Hoge , an attorney and real estate investor , on the northwest corner of Second Avenue and Cherry Street in Seattle , Washington .
The Wharf of the Caravels ( Spanish : Muelle de las Carabelas ) is a museum in Palos de la Frontera , in the province of Huelva , autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Baluchabad - e Sargorich ( Persian : بلوچ ابادسرگريچ‎ , also Romanized as Balūchābād - e Sargorīch ; also known as Balūchābād ) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Hill - Stead Museum is a Colonial Revival house and art museum set on a large estate at 35 Mountain Road in Farmington , Connecticut , USA .
Barwiki ( barˈviki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Marlin Airport is a public municipal airport located and owned by the city of Marlin , Texas .
Szestno ( ˈʂɛstnɔ ) ( German Seehesten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kilcloon ( Irish : Coill Chluana , `` Woodland of the meadow '' ) is a parish situated in the south - east of County Meath in Ireland .
Princes Pier is a 580 metre long historic pier on Port Phillip , in Port Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The Fort Harrison Hotel serves as the flagship building of the Flag Land Base , the Church of Scientology 's spiritual headquarters in Clearwater , Florida .
Seyyed Shekar ( Persian : سيدشكر‎ ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Shire of Cambooya was a local government area in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia , immediately south of the regional city of Toowoomba .
Dashli Bolagh ( Persian : داشلي بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Dāshlī Bolāgh ; also known as Dāsh Bolāgh ) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Santiam Memorial Hospital Helistop ( FAA LID : 5OR7 ) is a private heliport located one mile northeast of Stayton in Marion County , Oregon , United States .
Pejavara ( Tulu:ಪೇಜಾವರ ) is a village located in the Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada , formerly known as South Canara or South Kanara , district of Karnataka , India .
Khoshka Sara ( Persian : خشكاسرا‎ , also Romanized as Khoshkā Sarā ; also known as Khoshkeh Sarā ) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mazhom is a village located in district Budgam of Jammu and Kashmir .
Juno Beach Academy of Canadian Studies is an Alternative Program public high school in Calgary , Alberta .
Narsipuram is a village located in Vizianagaram district , Andhra Pradesh , three kilometres from Parvathipuram .
San Joaquin Valley National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located at 32053 West McCabe Road , Santa Nella , in Merced County , California .
Shahrak - e Towhid ( Persian : شهرك توحيد‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Towḩīd ) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bisonvalley is a village in Udumbanchola Taluk in the Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Sherbrooke is situated at the confluence of the Saint - François ( St. Francis ) and Magog rivers in the heart of the Estrie administrative region .
Qeshlaq - e Jalilu ( Persian : قشلاق جليلو‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Jalīlū ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Federated Women 's Club State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest located in the towns of Petersham and New Salem .
Wietlin ( ˈvʲɛtlʲin ) ( Ukrainian : Ветлин , Vetlyn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Zhuliangqiao Township ( simplified Chinese : 朱良桥乡 ; traditional Chinese : 朱良橋鄉 ; pinyin : Zhūliángqiáo Xiāng ) is a rural township in Ningxiang County , Changsha City , Hunan Province , China .
Hollywood Forever Cemetery , originally named Hollywood Memorial Cemetery , is one of the oldest cemeteries in Los Angeles , California .
William J. Ryan Estate , now Nissequogue Golf Club , is a national historic district located at Nissequogue in Suffolk County , New York .
The Bristol Mum Festival is an annual festival in Bristol , Connecticut which includes a Mum Parade in Connecticut .
The Garst House , also known as the Garst Museum , is an historic building located at 205 North Broadway in Greenville , Ohio , United States .
Baniyas Stadium is a stadium in the Bani Yas area of Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
Ciochowice ( t͡ɕɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( formerly German Ciochowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek , within Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The William Westerfeld House sits across the street from the northwest corner of Alamo Square at 1198 Fulton Street ( at Scott St. ) in San Francisco .
The Ferry County Carousel is an operational wooden carousel located three miles ( 5 km ) east of the town of Republic , Washington on the Ferry County Fairgrounds .
Bryn Mawr Campus Arboretum ( 135 acres ) is an arboretum located across the campus of Bryn Mawr College , 101 North Merion Avenue , Bryn Mawr , Pennsylvania .
The George H. Gurler House or simply , the Gurler House , is a home in the DeKalb County , Illinois city of DeKalb .
Kwun Tong Kung Lok Government Secondary School ( Chinese : 觀塘功樂官立中學 ; often abbreviated as KTKLGSS ) is a secondary school located at 90 Kung Lok Road , Kwun Tong , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Michigan State Fairgrounds Coliseum ( also Hockeytown State Fair Coliseum ) is a 5,600-seat multi - purpose arena in Detroit , Michigan .
Pabumath is an Indus Valley Civilisation archaeological site in Kutch District of Gujarat , India .
First Presbyterian Church Sanctuary Building is a historic church building at 2001 Santa Clara Avenue in Alameda , California .
Bajory Małe ( baˈjɔrɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Kitt Peak National Observatory ( KPNO ) is a United States astronomical observatory site located on 2,096 m ( 6,880 ft ) Kitt Peak of the Quinlan Mountains in the Arizona - Sonoran Desert on the Tohono O'odham Nation , 88 kilometers ( 55 mi ) west - southwest of Tucson , Arizona .
La Seu d'Urgell is also the capital of the comarca Alt Urgell , head of the judicial district of la Seu d'Urgell and the seat of Bishop of Urgell , one of the Andorra co - princes .
The Galfa Building or Galfa Tower ( Torre Galfa in Italian ) is a skyscraper in Milan , Italy , located in the Centro Direzionale di Milano district , north of the city centre .
Pir Zanuk ( Persian : پيرزنوك‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Zanūk and Pīrzenūk ; also known as Bīrzanūk ) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Bay Centre , formerly the Victoria Eaton Centre , is a shopping mall in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Torakoro is a town and seat of the commune of Danou in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
Węgajty ( vɛnˈɡai̯tɨ ) ( German : Wengaithen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rameshk ( Persian : رمشك‎ , also Romanized as Remeshk ; also known as Rāmīshk ) is a village in Rameshk Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
First Church in Boston is a Unitarian Universalist Church ( originally Congregational Church ) founded in 1630 by John Winthrop 's original Puritan settlement in Boston , Massachusetts .
Tamellaht is a town in the commune of Tamacine , in Témacine District , Ouargla Province , Algeria .
The Arboretum at Penn State Behrend ( 725 acres ) is an arboretum located across the campus of Penn State Erie , The Behrend College , in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Kołata ( kɔˈwata ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Moraine Airpark ( FAA LID : I73 ) is a public - use airport situated 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) southwest of the city of Dayton in Montgomery County , Ohio , United States .
Regent - Rennoc Court is a historic apartment complex located in the Southwest Schuylkill neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The Summerset Trail is a rail trail in Warren County in south - central Iowa in the United States .
Hajongard cemetery ( officially Central Cemetery , in Hungarian Házsongárdi temető , from German Hasengarten ) , on Avram Iancu Street , is one of the oldest cemeteries in Cluj - Napoca , Romania , founded in the sixteenth century .
Minuteman Career and Technical High School is a Public Vocational High School ( grades 9 - 12 ) located in Lexington , Massachusetts .
The Institute of Living is a residential psychiatric facility in Hartford , Connecticut which merged with Hartford Hospital in 1994 .
The Paramount at Buckhead is a 478 ft ( 146 m ) tall residential skyscraper in Atlanta , Georgia , and the tallest building in The Alliance Center complex .
The Huron - Manistee National Forests are two national forests combined in 1945 for administration purposes and which comprise 978,906 acres ( 3,960 km2 ) of public lands , including 5,786 acres ( 23 km2 ) of wetlands , extending across the northern lower peninsula of Michigan .
Sadabad - e Amlak ( Persian : سعداباداملاك‎ , also Romanized as Sa``dābād - e Amlāk ; also known as Sa``dābād ) is a village in Behnamvasat - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 220 , in 58 families .
Poshteh - ye Yek ( Persian : پشته1‎ ; also known as Poshteh ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Piz Canal ( 2,846 m ) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps , situated south - west of Vrin in the canton of Graubünden .
Lankao County ( Chinese : 兰考县 ; pinyin : Lánkǎo Xiàn ) is a county of Kaifeng , Henan , China .
Dastgerdan District ( Persian : بخش دستگردان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Cherokee Outlet , often mistakenly referred to as the Cherokee Strip , was located in what is now the state of Oklahoma , in the United States .
The Alipore Zoological Gardens ( also informally called the Alipore Zoo or Calcutta Zoo ) is India 's oldest formally stated zoological park ( as opposed to royal and British menageries ) and a big tourist attraction in Kolkata , West Bengal .
Barwałd Dolny ( ˈbarvau̯t ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Tujerdi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان توجردئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Putnam City North High School ( PCN , PC North ) is a public high school situated in Northwest Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , United States It is accredited by the North Central Association of Secondary Schools and is one of three high schools in the Putnam City School District .
Soper Lake ( Inuktitut : Tasiujajuaq , meaning `` big lake - like lake '' ) is a large , irregularly - shaped lake in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Clarence Square is a small park in downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada , where Wellington Street West meets Spadina Avenue .
Rudboneh District ( Persian : بخش رودبنه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Anjomneh ( Persian : انجمنه‎ ; also known as Anjumneh ) is a village in Kusalan Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Schkopau Power Station is a lignite - fuelled power station near the Korbetha part of the municipality of Schkopau in the district of Merseburg - Querfurt ( Saxony - Anhalt ) , Germany , which was built in 1995/1996 .
Kingswood College Doncaster was a co - educational secondary school and primary school located near the corner of Anderson 's Creek Road and Warrandyte Road , Doncaster East , Victoria .
Orote Field is a former air base in the United States territory of Guam built by the United States Marine Corps and the United States Navy ( 1921 - 1931 ) .
Darreh Seyyed ( Persian : دره سيد‎ ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Saratoga Springs Visitor Center , also known as `` The Drinkhall , '' is a historic trolley station located at Saratoga Springs in Saratoga County , New York .
Stalhille is a village in Jabbeke , a municipality in Belgium .
Sarlimak ( Persian : سرليماك‎ , also Romanized as Sarlīmāk ) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Pitminster is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
KSRM ( 920 AM ) is a commercial radio station programming talk in Soldotna , Alaska , broadcasting to the Kenai , Alaska , area .
Hamhang ( Persian : هم هنگ‎ ; also known as Hamang ) is a village in Mehran Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Guma Gewog ( Dzongkha : གུ་མ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Punakha District , Bhutan .
Siksika 146 is an Indian reserve in southern Alberta , Canada .
Lake Bistineau State Park , one of twenty - two state parks in Louisiana , is located on Lake Bistineau , a long and narrow waterway formed in 1800 as a result of extensive flooding created by a large log jam on the nearby Red River .
The Naomikong Point Site , also known as 20CH2 , is a Late Woodland period Laurel site archaeological site located in Bay Mills Township , Michigan .
Niedermorschwihr ( German : Niedermorschweier ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Chutani ( Persian : چوتاني‎ , also Romanized as Chūtānī ; also known as Sheykh Bāzār ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Spring Mountains are a mountain range of southern Nevada in the United States , running generally northwest - southeast along the west side of Las Vegas and down to the border with California .
Zhabokrych ( Ukrainian : Жабокрич ) is a village in Ukraine 's Podolia region in present - day Kryzhopil Raion , Vinnytsia Oblast , about 290 kilometres ( 180 miles ) northwest of Odessa .
Nad Kanałem ( ˌnat kaˈnawɛm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Gibson Mansion ( also known as the Yolo County Historical Museum and the Gibson Museum ) is a historic mansion that now serves as a museum in Woodland , California .
Darbnik ( Armenian : Դարբնիկ ; formerly , Malyye Demurchi , Pokr Shorlu Demurchi , and Demurchi ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
The Elgin National Watch Company Observatory is a historic building in Elgin , in the U.S. state of Illinois .
The North Olmsted City School District is the public school district that serves the city of North Olmsted , Ohio , United States .
The Plumb - Bronson House , also known as the Dr. Oliver Bronson House and Stables , is a historic landmark in Hudson , New York .
The Columbia Basin includes the southeastern portion of the Canadian province of British Columbia , most of the U.S. states of Idaho , Oregon , and Washington , the western part of Montana , and very small portions of Nevada , Utah , and Wyoming .
L'Argentière - la - Bessée is a commune of the Hautes - Alpes department in the Alps in southeastern France .
Tell Ghoraifé ( Arabic : تل غريفة‎ ) is a prehistoric , Neolithic tell , about 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) east of Damascus , Syria .
The River Dulnain ( Gaelic : Tuilnean / Abhainn Tuilnein ) is a major left bank tributary of the River Spey in northeast Scotland .
The nodes of the city in the Thane district are developed and are hence administered by the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation ( NMMC ) which was established in 1992 .
Boneh - ye Murt Lakhshak ( Persian : بنه مورت لاخشك‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Mūrt Lākhshak ) is a village in Margha Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Arch Street Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian Church at 1724 Arch Street in the Logan Square neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Westfield San Francisco Centre is an upscale , urban Shopping mall located in San Francisco , California , managed by the Westfield Group and co - owned by Westfield and Forest City Enterprises .
The Forest , also referred to as Forest Café , is an independent social centre and arts centre , located on Lauriston Place , central Edinburgh , Scotland .
Fort Simcoe was a United States Army fort erected in south - central Washington Territory to house troops sent to keep watch over local Indian tribes .
The Parliament of Canada ( French : Parlement du Canada ) is the federal legislative branch of Canada , seated at Parliament Hill in the national capital , Ottawa , Ontario .
The Sikome Aquatic Facility , commonly referred to as Sikome Lake , is a man made lake in the city of Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Chandrayan Gutta ( Telugu : చాంద్రాయణగుట్ట ) is one of the old suburbs in Hyderabad , India .
Kolonia Ostoja ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɔsˈtɔja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Northland Public Library is a public library serving Allegheny County , Pennsylvania .
Yunnan is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the far southwest of the country .
Grimsby Dock Tower is a hydraulic accumulator tower and a maritime landmark at the entrance to the Royal Dock , Grimsby , in North East Lincolnshire , England .
Husky Ballpark is a college baseball stadium in Seattle , Washington , on the campus of the University of Washington .
Wola Mystkowska ( ˈvɔla mɨstˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kettering University ( formerly General Motors Institute ) is a private cooperative education and experiential learning - based university in Flint , Michigan , offering bachelor 's and master 's degrees in STEM ( Science , Technology , Engineering , and Mathematics ) and Business fields .
The Bamma Vickers Lawson House ( also known as the Lawson House or Parris Lawson House ) is a historic house in Sebastian , Florida , United States .
Francisco Morato is a suburban city in the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
Zaer Ebrahimi ( Persian : زايرابراهيمي‎ , also Romanized as Zā'er Ebrāhīmī ; also known as Ebrāhīm ) is a village in Delvar Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Kicheh ( Persian : كيچه‎ , also Romanized as Kehcheh ) is a village in Borborud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lake Jesup is one of the largest lakes in Central Florida , one of many that make up the St. Johns River .
Sarbagh - e Golin ( Persian : سرباغ گلين‎ , also Romanized as Sarbāgh - e Golīn and Sarbāgh Golīn ) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Nicholas Mountain , or Irons Mountain , is located in Allegany County , Maryland , United States and extending northeasterly from the North Branch Potomac River for 6 miles until 3.5 miles southeast of Cumberland , Maryland .
Saint Charles Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery managed by the Diocese of Brooklyn in Farmingdale , New York .
The Mariners Centre is a multi - purpose and double ice surface arena in Yarmouth , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Pyay Township or Prome Township is a township in Pyay District in the Bago Region of Burma .
Hoved Island is part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut .
The Davis Avenue Recreation Center is a historic recreation facility in Mobile , Alabama .
The Legare - Morgan House is a one - story clapboard structure built in Aiken , South Carolina around 1835 .
Pulkovo Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Пулково , Aeroport Pulkovo ) ( IATA : LED , ICAO : ULLI ) is an international airport serving Saint Petersburg , Russia .
WillowWood School is an alternative private school in Toronto , Ontario , Canada offering an Ontario Ministry of Education - inspected Grades 1 through 12 program .
Pirapora is a municipality ( município ) in northcentral Minas Gerais in Brazil .
Diana 's Punchbowl , also called the Devil 's Cauldron , is a geothermal feature located on a small fault in Nye County , Nevada .
The Redick Tower , operated since 2011 as Hotel Deco XV , is an eleven - story building located at 1504 Harney Street in Omaha , Nebraska .
The Somerset Brick and Tile Museum is in Bridgwater , Somerset , and is administered by The South West Heritage Trust .
The Sturgis One Room School is a historic U.S. school located at 209 Willow Street , Pocomoke City , Maryland .
Gorton railway station serves Gorton district of the city of Manchester , England .
The Luhrs Building is an historic ten - story building located at 11 West Jefferson in Downtown Phoenix , Arizona .
Maziben ( Persian : ماضي بن‎ , also Romanized as Māẕīben and Māzī Bon ; also known as Māzibin ) is a village in Razab Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Naranag ( or Nara Nag ) is a tourist village of Ganderbal district , Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Centre Square Mall is a shopping mall in Yellowknife , Northwest Territories , Canada notable for being the largest shopping centre in the territory .
Chickerell is a town and parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset , England .
Nepolokivtsi ( Ukrainian : Неполоківці , Romanian : Nepolocăuți ) is an urban - type settlement in the Kitsman Raion ( district ) of Chernivtsi Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Dayanatpur is a village in the Ghaziabad District of the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The South Street Station ( also known as The Narragansett Electric Company Power Station or Narragansett Electric Lighting Company Power Station ) is an historic electrical power generation station at 360 Eddy Street in Providence , Rhode Island .
Upper Dallachy is a small village situated in Moray , Scotland , approximately 2 miles south - east of Spey Bay .
The Oregon Zoo , formerly the Washington Park Zoo , is a zoo in Portland , the largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Tarmakchi ( Persian : ترمكچي‎ , also Romanized as Tarmakchī ) is a village in Saruq Rural District , Takht - e Soleyman District , Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Almens ( Romansh : Almen ) is a former municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
The New Hempstead Presbyterian Church is located at the intersection of New Hempstead ( Rockland County Route 80 ) and Old Schoolhouse roads in New Hemsptead , New York , United States .
The Hailey Masonic Lodge refers to a Masonic Lodge group and to its historic building , which was built in 1937 in Hailey , Idaho .
Titicus Reservoir is one of 12 in the New York City Water Supply System 's Croton watershed .
The James H. and Cynthia Koontz House , also known as Koontz House , is an Italianate house in Echo , Oregon that was built in 1881 .
Targoszów ( tarˈɡɔʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa , within Sucha County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Viničko Kale is an ancient ruin located on the hill above the town of Vinica , Republic of Macedonia .
Johnshaven is a coastal village along the North Sea located in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The Hollywood Woman 's Club is a historic woman 's club , located at 501 North 14th Avenue , in Hollywood , Florida .
The Alfred Buffat Homestead , also known as The Maples , is a historic home with several surviving outbuildings located on Love Creek Road in Knoxville , Tennessee , United States .
BB&T Field ( the playing field contained in Groves Stadium ) is a football field in Winston - Salem , North Carolina .
Shantung Street ( Chinese : 山東街 ) is a street in Mong Kok , Kowloon in Hong Kong .
Mount Pisgah Academy is a four year secondary education boarding school located in Candler , North Carolina , United States , near Asheville .
Gruene Hall , was built in 1878 by Henry ( Heinrich ) D. Gruene and is located in the historical town of Gruene , Texas ( now a part of New Braunfels ) , and bills itself as `` the oldest continually run dance hall in Texas . ''
Niestępowo ( ɲɛstɛmˈpɔvɔ ) ( German : Nestempohl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Munger district is one of the thirty - eight districts of Bihar state in eastern India .
Konakanchi Vari Palem is a small Gram panchayat in Rompicherla mandal of Guntur district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Madison Country Day School is a nonsectarian , private day school in Dane County , Wisconsin for grades PreK through 12 .
Khorasanak ( Persian : خراسانك‎ , also Romanized as Khorāsānak ; also known as Khvorestāneh ) is a village in Darzab Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
La Porxada is a 16th - century corn exchange ( llotja ) in the Catalonian town of Granollers , near Barcelona .
The largest regional airport in the state of Virginia , Manassas Regional Airport is located 30 miles from Washington , D.C.
Talgarth is a small market town , community and Wards and electoral divisions of the United Kingdom in southern Powys , mid Wales , with a population of 1,645 , increasing to 1,724 at the 2011 Census .
Szałstry ( ˈʂau̯strɨ ) ( German : Schaustern ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dodderhill is a village and civil parish , near Droitwich , Worcestershire , England , located on the River Salwarpe .
The Heath Center Historic District encompasses a rural village with predominantly 18th- and 19th - century structures in Heath , a small agricultural town in hills of northwestern Franklin County , Massachusetts , United States .
Raziabad - e Pain ( Persian : رضي ابادپائين‎ , also Romanized as Raẕīābād - e Pā’īn and Raẕīābād Pā’īn ) is a village in Razakan Rural District , in the Central District of Shahriar County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Masha Beharan ( Persian : مشاع بهاران‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ Behārān ) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District , in the Central District of Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Røyknes is a village in the municipality of Vennesla in Vest - Agder , Norway , on the river Otra 's west bank .
Limuchi ( Persian : ليموچي‎ , also Romanized as Līmūchī ; also known as Līmūchīhā ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tafacirga ( or Tafasirga ) is a village and commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Billericay ( i / bɪləˈrɪkiː/ BIL - ə - RIK - ee ) is a town and civil parish in the Basildon borough of Essex , England .
Mansureh - ye Mazi ( Persian : منصوره ماضي‎ , also Romanized as Manṣūreh - ye Māz̤ī ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ashlu Creek is a short and swift river - like creek in British Columbia .
Sanvordem ( Konkani : सांवड्डें Sanvodd'ddem , pronounced ( sãːw(ɔ)ɖɖɛ̃ː ) ) is a census town in South Goa district in the Indian state of Goa .
Browhouses is a settlement in Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
Bezno ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbɛzno ) ) is a market town and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
KWTH ( 91.3 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious format , licensed to Barstow , California , serving the Barstow area , the Victor Valley area , and along I-15 from the Cajon Pass to Baker and I-40 to Essex .
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly was a manufacturing complex located 35 miles ( 56 km ) south of Pittsburgh in Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania near New Stanton .
Shamil - e Bala ( Persian : شميل بالا‎ , also Romanized as Shamīl - e Bālā ) is a village in Ashkara Rural District , Fareghan District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Chingoli is an urbanised village which lies near Haripad town in Alappuzha district of Kerala .
Deh Piaz ( Persian : ده پياز‎ , also Romanized as Deh Pīāz , Deh Peyāz , and Deh Pīyāz ) is a village in Hegmataneh Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Seyyeda ( Persian : كلاته سيدا‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Seyyedā ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Seyyed and Amīrābād ) is a village in Abravan Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Bower is an 1806 Federal style building in Jefferson County , West Virginia , USA .
Raleigh Little Theatre ( RLT ) is a community theatre in Raleigh , North Carolina that produces 10 to 11 full productions annually and maintains a comprehensive youth and adult theatre education programs .
The John Hancock Center is a 100-story , 1,127-foot ( 344 m ) supertall skyscraper at 875 North Michigan Avenue , Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Fouquet 's ( also known by its French popular name , le Fouquet 's ) is a historic restaurant in Paris , France .
Armstrong / Waweig Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CKN6 ) , was located 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ; 12 mi ) south southwest of Armstrong , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
Pico Airport ( Portuguese : Aeroporto do Pico ) ( IATA : PIX , ICAO : LPPI ) is an airport located 8 km ( 5.0 mi ) from Madalena on the Portuguese island of Pico in the archipelago of the Azores .
The Paul Laurence Dunbar House was the 1904 - 1906 home of poet Paul Laurence Dunbar in Dayton , Ohio .
Fall Hill is a plantation located near the falls on the Rappahannock River in Fredericksburg , Virginia .
Từ Sơn is a county - level town ( Vietnam ) of Bắc Ninh Province in the Red River Delta region of Vietnam .
Zawalów - Kolonia ( zaˈvaluf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mount Lukens is a mountain peak of the San Gabriel Mountains , located in Los Angeles County , Southern California .
Köllnischer Park is a public park located near the River Spree in Mitte , Berlin .
Kinsmen Stadium is the home of the Oshawa Legionaires .
Meziboří ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɛzɪbor̝iː ) ; German : Schönbach ) is a town in the northwestern Czech Republic , in Most District .
Qaffin ( Arabic : قفّين‎ ) is a Palestinian town located 22 kilometers ( 14 mi ) northeast of Tulkarm in the Tulkarm Governorate in the northwestern West Bank .
Michelbeuern is a neighbourhood of the Alsergrund , the 9th district of Vienna .
The Judge Samuel Holten House ( circa 1670 ) is a historic house located at 171 Holten Street , Danvers , Massachusetts .
Tang - e Mahdi ( Persian : تنگ مهدي‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Mahdī ) is a village in Kheyrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hartsville Regional Airport ( IATA : HVS , ICAO : KHVS , FAA LID : HVS ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of the central business district of Hartsville , a city in Darlington County , South Carolina , United States .
The Institute of Culinary Education ( ICE ) is an American culinary school located in New York City , New York .
The Rossauer Barracks ( in German , Rossauer Kaserne is a barracks in the 9th district of Vienna , in the Rossau quarter of the city . It now houses the Ministry of National Defence and Sport .
The Chli Ruchen ( 2,944 m ) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps , overlooking the Brunnital south of Unterschächen in the canton of Uri .
Sobolów ( sɔˈbɔluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów , within Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Vardavanq ( Armenian : Վարդավանք , also Romanized as Vardavank ; formerly , Verin Gyodak’lu , Verin Gyodaklu , Yukhari Gedaklyu , Verin Gedaklu ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
The Stockmore Ranger Station , in Ashley National Forest in Duchesne County , Utah near Tabiona , was built in c.1914 .
Krasneno ( Russian : Кра́снено ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Anadyrsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located southwest of Anadyr , the administrative center of the autonomous okrug .
Kandovan - e Bala ( Persian : كندوان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Kandovān - e Bālā ) is a village in Chashm Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Pieścidła ( pjɛɕˈt͡ɕidwa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Qu Cham ( Persian : قوچم‎ , also Romanized as Qū Cham ; also known as Qeshm and Qu Sham ) is a village in Yeylan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Culzean Castle ( /kʌˈleɪn/ kul - LAYN , see yogh ; Scots : Cullain ) is a castle near Maybole , Carrick , on the Ayrshire coast of Scotland .
The Rural Municipality of Storthoaks No . 31 , Saskatchewan was originally called Storkoaks and is now named Storthoaks as of March 15 , 1912 .
Army and Navy Academy is a college - preparatory boarding school for boys , grades 7 - -12 , in Carlsbad , California .
Lebredo is a parish in the municipalities of Boal , Coaña , and El Franco , within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
The Mississippi River Delta region is a 3-million - acre ( 12,000 km2 ) area of land that stretches from Vermillion Bay on the west , to the Chandeleur Islands in the Gulf of Mexico on the southeastern coast of Louisiana .
The City of Manningham is a local government area in Victoria , Australia in the north - eastern suburbs of Melbourne and is divided into 12 suburbs , with the largest being Doncaster and Doncaster East , over an area of 114 square kilometres .
Jałowy Róg ( jaˈwɔvɨ ˈruk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Akhund Melk ( Persian : اخوندملك‎ , also Romanized as Ākhūnd Melk ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ostojów ( ɔsˈtɔjuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchedniów , within Skarżysko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Willisau District is one of the five districts ( German : Ämter ) , of the German - speaking Canton of Lucerne , Switzerland .
St. Francis Xavier Church and Newtown Manor House Historic District is the first county designated historic district in Saint Mary 's County , the `` Mother County '' of Maryland and is located in Compton , Maryland , near the county seat of Leonardtown .
Kukiya ( Persian : كوكيا‎ , also Romanized as Kūkīyā and Kūkīā ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jaworznik ( jaˈvɔʐnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarki , within Myszków County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pierrepont Town Buildings is a historic town hall and related building complex located at Pierrepont in St. Lawrence County , New York .
Myrtle Square Mall was the first enclosed shopping mall in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , United States , located in the heart of the city .
Luper Cemetery is near Eugene , Oregon , and is one of the earliest pioneer cemeteries in the southern Willamette Valley .
WMSS ( 91.1 FM , `` Super 91 '' ) is a high school operated high school radio station serving the Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , metropolitan area ; it can be received as far south as ( certain parts of ) York , PA .
Feuchtwanger Stable is a historic stable building located in Fort Greene , Brooklyn , New York , New York .
Prairie Knights Casino and Resort is a casino and lodge located near Fort Yates , North Dakota , on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation and about 50 miles south of Bismarck - Mandan .
The Haas Building is located at 219 West 7th Street , at the corner of Broadway and Seventh Street , in Historic Downtown Los Angeles , California .
Port Eynon ( also spelt Port Einon , Porth Einon in Welsh ) is a village and community in the city and county of Swansea , Wales .
Uboga ( uˈbɔɡa ) ( German : Wörth ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Valga County ( Estonian : Valga maakond ) , or Valgamaa is the first - level administrative unit in Estonia and one of 15 counties of Estonia .
KAFC is a commercial christian contemporary music radio station in Anchorage , Alaska , broadcasting on 93.7 FM .
Bull Run Mountains Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located along the Bull Run Mountains in Fauquier and Prince William Counties , Virginia .
Bidal Bacheh ( Persian : بيدل بچه‎ , also Romanized as Bīdal Bacheh ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Wola Rzeczycka ( ˈvɔla ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomyśl nad Sanem , within Stalowa Wola County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Clarks River National Wildlife Refuge is a bottomland hardwood forest located in western Kentucky near Benton .
Shield 's Crossing is a complex of buildings in the Hamilton County portion of Loveland , Ohio , United States .
Rashgurd ( Persian : رشگورد‎ , also Romanized as Rashgūrd ; also known as Rashgard and Rashkord ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kurin District ( Persian : بخش کورین‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Chuck Noll Field is a 1,050-seat football stadium in Latrobe , Pennsylvania .
Tepetlán is a municipality located in the montane central zone in the State of Veracruz .
Kalateh - ye Karbalayi Hoseyn Ali ( Persian : كلاته كربلائي حسين علي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Karbalāyī Ḩoseyn ʿAlī ) is a village in Chahardeh Sankhvast Rural District , Jolgeh Sankhvast District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
There are sections of open ground in the London Borough of Haringey and the London Borough of Barnet which are still closely associated with Finchley Common ( though no one uses the name ) , mostly woodland :
Kuhbijar ( Persian : كوه بيجار‎ , also Romanized as Kūhbījār ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rockcliffe Park Public School ( RPPS ) is a public elementary school in the Rockcliffe Park neighbourhood of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Meridian Mall is a super - regional shopping mall located in Meridian Township , a suburb of Lansing , Michigan , United States .
The Ayala Center is a major commercial development operated by Ayala Land located in the Makati Central Business District in Metro Manila , Philippines .
The Collegium Sapientiae ( Sapience College ; College of Wisdom ; Sapienzkolleg ; Sapienz ; Sapienz - Collegium ) was a preparatory academy and later theological seminary in Heidelberg in the early modern period .
The District at Green Valley Ranch is a mixed - use development in Henderson , Nevada , adjacent to the east of Green Valley Ranch .
Ahnaz ( Persian : اهنز‎ , also Romanized as Ahanaz and Ehenz ; also known as Āhang and Ahing ) is a village in Qazqanchay Rural District , Arjomand District , Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Maże ( ˈmaʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bakersfield College ( BC ) is a public community college located in Bakersfield , California , USA .
Obelisk Beach ( part of Obelisk Bay ) is a nude beach in Mosman , New South Wales , Australia .
The Central Woodward Christian Church , now known as The Historic Little Rock Missionary Baptist Church , is a Gothic Revival church located at 9000 Woodward Avenue in Detroit , Michigan .
WDKD is a radio station at 1310 AM and licensed to Kingstree , South Carolina , USA .
The Little Roussel , also known as the Petit Ruau or Little Russel , is a channel running between the isle of Herm and Guernsey in the Channel Islands .
Sayville Congregational Church , also known as Sayville Congregational United Church of Christ , is a historic Congregational church at 131 Middle Road in Sayville , Suffolk County , New York .
Brisbane Water is a wave - dominated barrier estuary located in the Central Coast region , to the north of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Dinah Washington Park is a park located at 8215 S. Euclid Avenue in the South Chicago community area of Chicago , Illinois , USA .
The Sunken Meadow State Parkway ( also known as the Sunken Meadow ) is a 6.19-mile ( 9.96 km ) long parkway in Suffolk County , Long Island , New York .
Prince Abdullah Al Faisal Stadium ( Arabic : استاد الأمير عبدالله الفيصل‎ ) is a stadium in the port city of Jeddah , Saudi Arabia .
Tigab ( Persian : تيگاب‎ , also Romanized as Tīgāb ; also known as Tīgh Āb ) is a village in Qaen Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hapelaneh ( Persian : هپلانه‎ , also Romanized as Hapelāneh ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hajiabad - e Poodchah ( Persian : حاجی‌آباد پودچاه‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Rochsburg Castle ( German : Schloss Rochsburg ) , which was probably founded in the late 12th century , stands on a rock spur , surrounded on three sides by the Zwickau Mulde river , above the eponymous town quarter in Lunzenau in Saxony .
Szerominek ( ʂɛrɔˈminɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Hospital Point Range Rear Light is part of a pair of range lights in Beverly , Massachusetts .
Mandi Mahalleh ( Persian : ماندي محله‎ , also Romanized as Māndī Maḩalleh ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sa Đéc is a provincial city in Đồng Tháp Province in the Mekong Delta of southern Vietnam .
Chur Kuchan ( Persian : چوركوچان‎ , also Romanized as Chūr Kūchān and Chever Kūchān ; also known as Chever Kūkhān ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rokantiškės Castle ( Lithuanian : Rokantiškių pilis ) ruins are in Naujoji Vilnia elderate of Vilnius , Lithuania .
Thunder Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Alberta , Canada , and is located 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) west of Edmonton , on the shore of the park features setting for boating , water - skiing , swimming , running , fishing and camping .
Camp Hale , between Red Cliff and Leadville in the Eagle River valley in Colorado , was a U.S. Army training facility constructed in 1942 for what became the 10th Mountain Division .
Blaenau Ffestiniog railway station serves the slate mining town of Blaenau Ffestiniog , Wales , and is the passenger terminus of the Conwy Valley Line from Llandudno Junction .
Fredericktown Presbyterian Church is a historic Main Street and Public Square in Fredericktown , Ohio .
The Pico House is a historic building in Los Angeles , California , dating from its days as a small town in Southern California .
Tamiz , Zahedan ( Persian : تمیز‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Alpha School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Alpha , in Warren County , New Jersey , United States .
Dalow ( Persian : دلو‎ ; also known as Dalī ) is a village in Dul Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Yau Ma Tei , also known as Waterloo ( see Name section ) , is an area in the Yau Tsim Mong District in the south of the Kowloon Peninsula in Hong Kong .
The John Valentine House , now replaced by the Sigma Tau Gamma Fraternity House , was a Prairie School style building in Muncie , Indiana .
Volperhausen Castle ( German : Burg Volperhausen ) is a castle in the municipality of Morsbach in the Oberbergischer Kreis of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Rustenhart ( German : Rüstenhart ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Singletary Lake State Park is a North Carolina state park in Bladen County , North Carolina in the United States .
Frick Park is the largest municipal park in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , covering 644 acres ( 2.61 km2 ) .
Teremba Bay or Baie Teremba , formerly known as Uarai Bay , is a bay in southwestern New Caledonia .
Jörn is a locality situated in Skellefteå Municipality , Västerbotten County , Sweden with 797 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Astor Place Theatre is an off - Broadway house located at 434 Lafayette Street in the NoHo section of Manhattan .
The Pine Bluff Convention Center is a convention center located in Pine Bluff , Arkansas at One Convention Center Plaza .
The John Edwards House is a historic building in the village of Leipsic in Putnam County , Ohio , United States .
The Conservatory of Music at Brooklyn College ( also known as Brooklyn College Conservatory ) is the music school of Brooklyn College of the City University of New York ( CUNY ) .
Cedar Crest College is a private liberal arts women 's college in Allentown , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
The Garden Theater ( or Garden Theatre ) is a 1,000-seat theater that was built in 1915 at 12 West North Avenue in the Central Northside neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , USA .
Rim Nuea ( Thai : ริมเหนือ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Rim District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
The Confusion Range is a north - south trending mountain range in west - central Utah , USA .
Udorpie ( uˈdɔrpjɛ ) ( German : Hygendorf ; Kashubian : Ùdorp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Abbasabad - e Muqufeh ( Persian : عباس ابادموقوفه‎ , also Romanized as Abbāsābād - e Mūqūfeh ; also known as `` Abbāsābād ) is a village in Enaj Rural District , Qareh Chay District , Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 590 , in 169 families .
Raglan Mine is a large nickel mining complex in the Nunavik region of northern Quebec , Canada .
Rataj Ordynacki ( ˈratai̯ ɔrdɨˈnat͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Tis u Blatna ( German Tiss bei Pladen ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Plzeň - North District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Kreców ( ˈkrɛt͡suf ) ( Ukrainian : Креців , Kretsiv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska , within Sanok County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Borki - Paduchy ( ˈbɔrki paˈduxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wodzymin ( vɔˈd͡zɨmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Penns Neck Baptist Church ( also known as Red Lion Tavern ; Princeton Baptist Church at Penns Neck ) is a historic church , opened in 1812 , on US 1 at Washington Road in Penns Neck , West Windsor Township , Mercer County , New Jersey , United States .
Godečevo is a village in the municipality of Kosjerić in western Serbia .
Centre Wellington District High School , or CWDHS , is a fully composite high school located in Fergus , Ontario .
Milash ( Persian : ميلاش‎ , also Romanized as Mīlāsh ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Powerview - Pine Falls is a town in the Canadian province of Manitoba , with a population of 1,314 at the 2011 census , up 1.54 % from 1,294 at the 2006 census and down 7.57 % from 1,400 during the 2001 census .
Four Mile Circle is a traffic circle in the U.S. state of New Jersey .
Ciszyca - Kolonia ( t͡ɕiˈʂɨt͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Ewing Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serve students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Ewing Township , in Mercer County , New Jersey , United States .
Dinami ( Greek : Dynamis , power ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) southeast of Vibo Valentia .
Czernina Dolna ( t͡ʂɛrˈnina ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Pazim is the second tallest building in Szczecin , Poland , after the St. James cathedral , if including Pazim 's spire .
Hesdin ( French pronunciation : ​(edɛ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in northern France .
Crookston Castle is located in the Pollok area of south - west Glasgow , Scotland .
Schroeder Mountain is a mountain in the California 's Sierra Nevada , on the Tahoe National Forest .
Vaiano Valle is a rural district ( `` quartiere '' ) of Milan , Italy , part of the Zone 5 administrative division .
Haxey is a village and civil parish within North Lincolnshire , England .
WPPG ( 101.1 FM , `` Power Pig '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Repton , Alabama , USA .
Owraf ( Persian : اوراف‎ , also Romanized as Owrāf ) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cat in Repose , also known as Seated Cat , is a stone sculpture composed of Indiana Limestone , located on the Transit Mall of downtown Portland , Oregon , United States .
Massamá ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐsɐˈma ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Sintra , Lisbon District , Portugal .
Qalami ( Persian : قلمي‎ , also Romanized as Qalamī ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kordabad - e Sofla ( Persian : كردابادسفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Kordābād - e Soflá ) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Przeździecko - Mroczki ( pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ ˈmrɔt͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The North Brentwood Historic District , is a national historic district located in the town of North Brentwood , Prince George 's County , Maryland .
West Smoky Dome Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County , Idaho , United States , located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest .
The U.S. 23 Country Music Highway Museum is a museum in Paintsville , Kentucky dedicated to the country music entertainers who were born or lived near U.S. Route 23 in eastern Kentucky .
Steyr ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʃtaɪ̯ɐ ) ) is a statutory city , located in the Austrian federal state of Upper Austria .
Untermyer Park ( also known as Untermyer Gardens , previously part of an estate known as Greystone ) is a historic park of 43 acres , situated in Yonkers , Westchester County , New York , just north of New York City .
Astley Village is a civil parish in the Borough of Chorley in Lancashire , England , covering a suburb of Chorley .
Absecon Island is a barrier island located on the Jersey Shore of the Atlantic Ocean in Atlantic County , New Jersey , USA .
Grambling State University ( GSU ) is a historically black , public , coeducational university , located in Grambling , Louisiana .
Kerckhoff Dam is a concrete arch dam on the San Joaquin River in Fresno County , California , about 10 mi ( 16 km ) southwest of Big Creek .
Vidurashwatha ( Kannada:ವಿದುರಾಶ್ವತ್ಥ ) is a small village located in the Gauribidanur taluk of Chikkaballapur district in the state of Karnataka , India .
Soteska pri Moravčah ( pronounced ( sɔˈteːska pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax ) ) is a settlement north of Moravče in central Slovenia .
Fondo ( German : Pfund ; Nones : Fón ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Trento .
Donauparkhalle was an indoor ice rink in Vienna - Donaustadt in Austria .
Regency Square is an enclosed shopping mall in Richmond , Virginia , USA .
The Westampton Township Schools are a community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Westampton Township , in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
The Wright - Kay Building , originally known as the Schwankovsky Temple of Music , is one of the oldest buildings in downtown Detroit , Michigan .
10 DOL is a grampanchayat in Gharsana tehsil of Ganganagar district of Rajasthan , India .
Vestal 's Gap Road and Lanesville Historic District is a national historic district located in Claude Moore Park at Sterling , Loudoun County , Virginia .
Wola Kuczkowska ( ˈvɔla kut͡ʂˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Bagh - e Badami ( Persian : باغ بادامي‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Bādāmī ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hanford Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KHJO , FAA LID : HJO ) , formerly O18 , is a public airport located one mile ( 1.6 km ) southeast of the central business district of Hanford , a city in Kings County , California , United States .
The Pier Arts Centre is an art gallery and museum in Stromness , Orkney .
Rogers Arena is an indoor sports arena located at 800 Griffiths Way in the downtown area of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Big Foot High School ( BFHS ) is a comprehensive four - year public high school located in South Central Walworth County in the Village of Walworth .
Tarseh ( Persian : ترسه‎ ; also known as Tarsheh ) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Dunn Peak ( sometimes known locally as the Dunn Peaks ) is a group of peaks in the central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Starorypin ( starɔˈrɨpin ) ( German : Altrippin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Pęza ( ˈpɛ̃za ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ape Cave is a lava tube located in Gifford Pinchot National Forest just to the south of Mount St. Helens in Washington state .
The Region of Murcia ( Spanish : Región de Murcia ; Murcian : Rigión e Murcia ; Valencian : Regió de Murcia ) is an autonomous community of Spain located in the southeast of the state , between Andalusia and Valencian Community , on the Mediterranean coast .
The John W. Ballard House is a private residence located in central Davenport , Iowa .
The Grapevine Hills are a low mountain range within Anza - Borrego Desert State Park in the Colorado Desert , in eastern San Diego County , southern California .
Gavarj ( Persian : گورج‎ ) is a village in Somam Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Iviswold , also known as `` The Castle '' , is a house originally constructed in 1869 located in what is now Rutherford , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Darreh Buran ( Persian : دره بوران‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Būrān ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Jeolla Line is a railway line in North and South Jeolla Provinces in South Korea .
Poirier Sport & Leisure Complex is a multi - purpose all - season recreation complex in Coquitlam , British Columbia .
The South Britain Historic District in Southbury , Connecticut , USA , is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 .
Shadraj - e Olya ( Persian : شادراج عليا‎ , also Romanized as Shādrāj - e `` Olyā ; also known as Shāhrāj ) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 25 , in 10 families .
Umpqua Hot Springs is a geothermal pool located along the North Umpqua River in the U.S. state of Oregon at 2,640 feet ( 800 m ) elevation .
The McCoy Mountains are located in southeastern California in the United States .
Mount Marathon or Marathon Mountain is a mountain directly west of Seward in the Kenai Mountains in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Brzozie Lubawskie ( ˈbʐɔʑɛ luˈbafskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lomello is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 30 km west of Pavia , on the right bank of the Agogna .
Łabusz ( ˈwabuʂ ) is a part of the city of Koszalin .
Kadambankulam is a small village in the Radhapuram taluk of Tirunelveli District , Tamil Nadu in southern India .
The Wilcox , Crittenden Mill , also known as Wilcox , Crittenden Mill Historic District , is a 17-acre ( 6.9 ha ) property in Middletown , Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 .
Emam Qeys ( Persian : امام قيس‎ , also Romanized as Emām Qeys and Imam Qais ; also known as Emāmzādeh and Imam Onis ) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District , Gandoman District , Borujen County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Quabbin Regional High School is a secondary school in Barre , Massachusetts , United States , for students in grades 9 - -12 .
Barton High School is a comprehensive public high school serving students in grades 7 through 12 in Barton , Arkansas , United States .
Rocky Peak Ridge is the twentieth highest peak in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Park of New York , USA .
The Estonian Maritime Museum ( Estonian : Eesti Meremuuseum ) is located in the Fat Margaret tower in the old town of Tallinn .
Nowa Wieś Złotoryjska ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ zwɔtɔˈrɨi̯ska ) ( German : Neudorf am Rennwege ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja , within Złotoryja County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Beddau ( English : Graves Welsh : Y Beddau ) is a large former mining village around 1.5 miles from Llantrisant and 4 miles from the larger town of Pontypridd in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , South Wales .
Kovářská ( German : Schmiedeberg ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Wrzask ( vʐask ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lake Erie Arboretum is a young arboretum located within Frontier Park , at the intersection of 8th Street and Bayfront Parkway , Erie , Pennsylvania , USA .
Badgingarra National Park is a national park in Western Australia , 190 km north of Perth off the Brand Highway adjacent to the town of Badgingarra .
Thurmaston is a village and civil parish in Leicestershire , England , located within the Borough of Charnwood .
Sunnyside Yard is a large coach yard , a railroad yard for passenger cars , in Sunnyside , Queens in New York City .
The Sykes House is a historic Queen Anne style house located at 521 West Main Street in North Adams , Massachusetts .
Huanímaro is a Mexican city ( and municipality ) located in Southwest region of the state of Guanajuato .
Brownsville / South Padre Island International Airport ( IATA : BRO , ICAO : KBRO , FAA LID : BRO ) is a city owned , public use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) east of the central business district of Brownsville , a city in Cameron County , Texas , United States .
The Orange Bowl is an annual American college football bowl game played at Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens , Florida .
William Hooper School is a historic school building located on Mears Street between South 4th and South 5th Streets in Wilmington , New Hanover County , North Carolina .
Wiktorówko ( viktɔˈrufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Orathy is a village in Madurantakam taluk , Kanchipuram District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Española Valley High School ( EVHS ) is a Title-1 public senior high school of the Española Public Schools District , located in Española , New Mexico .
The AT6 Monument is a granite memorial to Royal Air Force cadets who were killed while on a training flight during World War II . It stands on Big Mountain , north of Moyers , Oklahoma , in the United States , and was dedicated on February 20 , 2000 - -the 58th anniversary of the deadly crashes .
Lake Martin is located in Tallapoosa , Elmore and Coosa counties in Alabama .
Roqbaghal ( Persian : رق بغل‎ ) is a village in Kahshang Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hoseyn Qeshlaqi Hajj Khvajehlu ( Persian : حسين قشلاقي حاج خواجه لو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Qeshlāqī Ḩājj Khvājehlū ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Franciscan Church of St Mary of Jesus is a church in Valletta , Malta , which is dedicated to St Mary of Jesus and is cared for by the religious order of Friars Minor .
Stara Kraśnica ( ˈstara kraɕˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Altschönau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa , within Złotoryja County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Xenophon Overton Pindall Law Office is listed on the National Register of Historic Places , and is located on the north - east corner of Capitol St. and Kate Adams Ave . in Arkansas City , Arkansas .
Do Rizgan ( Persian : دوريزگان‎ , also Romanized as Do Rīzgān ; also known as Darbar Kūn , Dūrbozgān , and Dūrbozkān ) is a village in Rak Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Schaalsee Biosphere Reserve ( German : Biosphärenreservat Schaalsee ) lies in western Mecklenburg - Vorpommern ( districts of Nordwestmecklenburg and Ludwigslust - Parchim ) on iths border with Schleswig - Holstein .
Datiware is a village in the state of Maharashtra ( Palghar taluk , Thane district ) in India on the northern bank of Datiware creek at the mouth of the river Vaitarna .
Kafsh Kal Mahalleh ( Persian : كفش كل محله‎ , also Romanized as Kafsh Kal Maḩalleh ; also knonwn as Kafsh Kal ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wilson Mountain Reservation is a state - owned , public recreation area and protected woodland park in Dedham , Massachusetts , managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation .
Cimitero degli Allori , Cimitero Evangelico degli Allori ( `` The Evangelical Cemetery of Laurels '' ) is located in Florence , Italy , between ' Due Strade ' and Galluzzo .
The Middle Fork South Platte River is a tributary of the South Platte River , approximately 50 miles ( 80 km ) long , located in central Colorado in the United States .
Shulak ( Persian : شولك‎ , also Romanized as Shūlak ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Kenimer Site is an archaeological site located on the southeast side of Brasstown Bald near Sautee Nacoochee , Georgia in White County .
The Taylor Log House and Site is a historic plantation site on Arkanasas Highway 138 in rural Drew County , Arkansas , near the town of Winchester .
Gapat ( Persian : گاپت‎ , also Romanized as Gāpat ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Prospect Historic District is a residential historic district in Pasadena , California , consisting of homes along Prospect Boulevard and several surrounding streets .
Amrahlu ( Persian : امراهلو‎ , also Romanized as Amrāhlū ; also known as Kakīl ) is a village in Ojarud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Prali is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southwest of Turin , on the border with France .
Wólka Świątkowa ( ˈvulka ɕfjɔntˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Vikingskipet ( `` The Viking Ship '' ) , officially known as Hamar Olympic Hall ( Norwegian : Hamar olympiahall ) , is an indoor multi - use sport and event venue in Hamar , Norway .
Stryjno - Kolonia ( ˈstrɨi̯nɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybczewice , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sójkowo ( sui̯ˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Pacific Coast Air Museum , in Santa Rosa , California , is a non - profit organization dedicated to promoting and preserving aviation history through the acquisition , restoration , and display of historic aircraft .
Guignard Brick Works is a historic industrial site and national historic district located in Cayce , Lexington County , South Carolina .
Narama ( naˈrama ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwanowice , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Beltane Park is a football ground located in Wishaw , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Onesquethaw Valley Historic District is a national historic district principally located at New Scotland in Albany County , New York .
High Point University is a private liberal arts university in High Point , North Carolina , U.S. , affiliated with the United Methodist Church .
The Nadgee to Mallacoota Inlet Important Bird Area comprises some 385 km2 of coastal and subcoastal land at the south - eastern corner of the Australian continent , where Cape Howe marks the junction between the Tasman Sea and Bass Strait , as well as the eastern end of the state border between New South Wales and Victoria .
The Auberge Ravoux is a French historic landmark located in the heart of the village of Auvers - sur - Oise .
Blaenau Gwent ( pronounced /ˌblaɪnaɪ ˈɡwɛnt/ , Welsh : ( ˈbləɨ.naɨ ) ) is a county borough in South Wales , sharing its name with a parliamentary constituency .
Tiskupan ( Persian : طيس كوپان‎ , also Romanized as Ţīskūpān ; also known as Tiazkupān , Tīkūkhān , and Tīskūfān ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Brockville Jail is a jail in Brockville , Ontario .
Farm to Market Road 188 , also known as Teichman Road , is a Farm - to - Market Road located in Galveston , Texas .
Thottapattu ( Tamil : தொட்டபட்டு ) is one of the revenue village in Cuddalore district of Indian state , Tamil Nadu .
The Mitchell Highway is a state highway located in the central and south western regions of Queensland and the northern and central western regions of New South Wales in Australia .
The Chicago Motor Speedway at Sportsman 's Park located in Cicero , Illinois , just outside Chicago , was built in 1999 by a group including Chip Ganassi , owner of Chip Ganassi Racing .
Manitook Mountain , also called Manituck Mountain , 638 feet ( 194 m ) , is a 1.6-mile ( 2.6 km ) long traprock mountain ridge located between the Berkshires and the Connecticut River Valley in north - central Connecticut .
Jaroszyn - Kolonia ( jaˈrɔʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Broadwas or Broadwas - on - Teme , is a village and civil parish ( with Cotheridge ) in the Malvern Hills district of Worcestershire , England .
Grąbiec ( ˈɡrɔmbjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wąbrzeźno County ( Polish : powiat wąbrzeski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland .
West Roxbury Parkway is a historic parkway running from Washington Street in Boston , Massachusetts , where the Enneking Parkway runs south , to Horace James Circle in Brookline , where it meets the Hammond Pond Parkway .
Osasco ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( oˈzasku ) ) is a municipality in São Paulo State , Brazil , is located in the Greater São Paulo and ranking 5th in population among São Paulo municipalities .
Rushden is a town and civil parish in the county of Northamptonshire , England .
Wachtendonk at the confluence of Niers River and Nette River is a municipality in the district of Kleve in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Lopata ( pronounced ( lɔˈpaːta ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Dhamek Stupa ( also spelled Dhamekh and Dhamekha ) is a massive stupa located at Sarnath , 13 km away from Varanasi in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Boheyr - e Olya ( Persian : بحيرعليا‎ , also Romanized as Boḩeyr - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 141 , in 28 families .
Kağızman ( Ottoman Turkish : قاغزمان , Armenian : Կաղզվան , Kaghzvan , ) is a town and district of Kars Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey .
Farrington Lake is a scenic freshwater reservoir in Middlesex County , New Jersey near Milltown , New Jersey .
The Palais de justice historique de Lyon is a building located Quai Romain Rolland , on the right bank of the Saône , in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon .
The Treasure Valley is in the western United States , primarily in southwestern Idaho , where the Payette , Boise , Weiser , Malheur , Owyhee , and Burnt rivers drain into the Snake River .
Peru State College is a public four - year liberal arts institution located in Peru , Nebraska , in the Midwest region of the United States .
Thorberg Castle ( German : Schloss Thorberg ) is a former Carthusian monastery , or charterhouse , now a prison , located in Krauchthal in the Canton of Bern , Switzerland .
Llantood ( formerly Llantyd , Llantwyd or Llan - Illtyd ) is a hamlet and parish in Cilgerran community , north Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Karaikella is a village situated at Chaibasa Ranchi Main Road ( NH-75 ) near Chakradharpur in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
Kakajin ( Persian : ككجين‎ , also Romanized as Kakajīn and Kakjīn ; also known as Kakadzha , Kakājeyā , Kākājia , Kākāzhīn , and Kakchin ) is a village in Eqbal - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
South Croydon railway station is in the London Borough of Croydon in south London , in Travelcard Zone 5 .
Royal Roads Military College ( RRMC ) was a Canadian military college ( 1940 to 1995 ) located in Hatley Park , Colwood , British Columbia near Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Wehrheim is a municipality in Hesse , Germany some 30 km ( 20 mi ) north of Frankfurt am Main .
Chai Wan Road ( Chinese : 柴灣道 ; Cantonese Yale : chaai4 waan1 dou6 ) located in Hong Kong , is one of the major roads in Chai Wan on Hong Kong Island .
Teewinot Mountain ( 12,330 feet ( 3,758 m ) ) is the sixth highest peak in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
Malminkartanonhuippu ( English : Malminkartano Hill , Swedish : Malmgårdstoppen ) is an artificial hill located near to Myyrmäki in the district of Malminkartano in Helsinki , Finland .
The Garland Mill is a historic sawmill on Garland Road in Lancaster , New Hampshire .
The Laura Ingalls Wilder House in Mansfield , Missouri , also known as Rocky Ridge Farm , was the home of author Laura Ingalls Wilder from 1896 until her death in 1957 .
Lac La Blanche ( French , meaning `` White Lake '' ) is a small lake located on the boundary between Mulgrave - et - Derry and Mayo , Quebec , Canada .
Skibbereen ( /ˌskɪ.bəˈriːn/ ; Irish : An Sciobairín ) , is a town in County Cork , Ireland .
The Axelgold Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains , located between Ominicetla Creek and upper Omineca River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Bajorki ( baˈjɔrki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Point Chautauqua Historic District is a national historic district located on Point Chautauqua , three miles ( 5 km ) from Mayville in Chautauqua County , New York .
The Rip Van Winkle Bridge is a cantilever bridge spanning the Hudson River between Hudson , New York and Catskill , New York .
The Ice Glen is a ravine in the southeast area of Stockbridge , Massachusetts .
Guźlin ( ˈɡuʑlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Forks River is a river in the James Bay and Moose River drainage basins in Cochrane and Timiskaming Districts in northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Makhazen Naft ( Persian : مخازن نفت‎ , also Romanized as Makhāzen Naft ) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cleland Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Adelaide Hills , South Australia about 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) south - east of the Adelaide city centre .
The Eugene Saturday Market is an outdoor craft market in Eugene , Oregon .
Neyrang ( Persian : نيرنگ‎ ) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ziradei ( community development block ) ( also spelt Jeeradei ) is one of the administrative divisions of Siwan district in the Indian state of Bihar .
The New Freedom Railroad Station , Northern Central Railway is a historic railway station located at New Freedom , York County , Pennsylvania .
Southeastern Free Will Baptist College is a college of the Free Will Baptist denomination located in Wendell , North Carolina .
Huta Janowska ( ˈxuta jaˈnɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Desert Ridge master - planned community comprises 5,700 acres ( 23.07 km2 ; 8.91 sq mi ) and is situated in the Northeast Valley of Phoenix , Arizona .
Gardoty ( ɡarˈdɔtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytuły within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hasan Khordu ( Persian : حسن خردو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Khordū ; also known as Shahīd Shaʿbānī ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Zalishchyky Raion ( Ukrainian : Заліщицький район ) is a sub - division of the Ternopil Oblast .
Dontsa Pass , Is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa , on the regional road R352 , between Keiskammahoek and Stutterheim .
Sorkhanjub - e Sofla ( Persian : سرخانجوب سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sorkhānjūb - e Soflá ; also known as Sarkhonjū ) is a village in Khaveh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Aqel ( Persian : عاقل‎ , also Romanized as `` Āqel ; also known as Agir and `` Aqīl ) is a village in Kolah Boz - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 33 , in 5 families .
The Dundee Township Historic District is a set of sixty - five buildings in Dundee Township , Kane County Illinois .
Borjeleh ( Persian : برجله‎ , also Romanized as Barchaleh and Borjlah ; also known as Rajeleh ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sufan - e Sofla ( Persian : سوفان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sūfān - e Soflá ; also known as Soffān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Miyan Ab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mountain Creek is a ski resort in Vernon Township , New Jersey on Route 94 , 47 miles ( 76 km ) from the George Washington Bridge , making it the ski resort closest to New York City .
Sarkot - e Sheyni ( Persian : سركت شيني‎ , also Romanized as Sarkot - e Sheynī ; also known as Sarkot - e Shehnī and Sarkūt - e Sheynī ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vranštica ( Serbian : Вранштица ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac , Serbia .
Francis M. Wood Alternative High School ( officially referred to as Excel Academy at Francis M. Wood High School ) is a public adult high school located in Baltimore , Maryland , part of the Baltimore City Public Schools .
Herrenhausen is an area of the German city Hanover which is most notable for the baroque Herrenhausen Gardens .
Lincoln M. Alexander Secondary School is located in the village of Malton in the City of Mississauga , Ontario ( part of the Peel District School Board ) .
Diyala Governorate ( Arabic : محافظة ديالى Muḥāfażah Diyālā‎ and Kurdish : Parezgay Diyala‎ ) or Diyala Province is a governorate in eastern Iraq .
The Cottonwood Paper Mill ( also known as Granite Paper Mill ) is an abandoned stone structure located at the mouth of Big Cottonwood Canyon in Cottonwood Heights , Utah .
Alt - Regensberg Castle ( Swiss German : Ruine Alt - Regensberg also referred to Altburg ) is a hill castle which was built about the mid-11th century AD by the House of Regensberg in the Swiss municipality of Regensdorf in the Canton of Zürich .
Herm ( Guernésiais : Haerme ) is one of the Channel Islands and part of the Parish of St Peter Port in the Bailiwick of Guernsey .
Rueil - Malmaison ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁɥɛj malmɛzɔ̃ ) ) is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris , in the Hauts - de - Seine department of France .
Ribolla is a village in southern Tuscany , a frazione of the comune of Roccastrada , in the province of Grosseto .
Stalisfield Green is a village in the borough of Swale in Kent , England , located on a secondary road about 1½ miles ( 2.4 km ) north of Charing and 5 miles south west of Faversham .
The Ozark Folk Center is an Arkansas living history state park located in Mountain View , Arkansas , dedicated to preserving and presenting Ozark cultural heritage and tradition to the public .
Winter Place is a historic complex of two conjoined houses and three outbuildings in Montgomery , Alabama .
St Bede 's Catholic Voluntary Academy ( formerly St Bede 's Catholic School ) is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school with academy status , located in Scunthorpe , North Lincolnshire , England .
Chah - e Kol ( Persian : چاه كل‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Kol ; also known as Chāh - e Gol ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Lungotevere dell'Acqua Acetosa is the stretch of lungotevere which links Via della Foce dell'Aniene to lungotevere Salvo D'Acquisto , in Rome , in the Parioli quarter .
Lake Freeman is a reservoir outside of Monticello , Indiana formed in 1925 by the completion of the Oakdale Dam .
The James K. Polk State Office Building is a 24-story , 392-foot ( 119 m ) building in Nashville , Tennessee .
The American Poetry Museum ( APM ) is a museum dedicated to American poetry , located in Brookland , Washington , D.C. , USA .
The Shire of Menzies is a local government area in the Goldfields - Esperance region of Western Australia located to the north of Kalgoorlie .
Fetter Lane is a street in the ward of Farringdon Without in the City of London .
Stennis International Airport ( ICAO : KHSA , FAA LID : HSA ) is a public use airport in Hancock County , Mississippi , United States .
Zindanlu ( Persian : زيندانلو‎ , also Romanized as Zīndānlū and Zenīdānlū ; also known as Zeyvānlū ) is a village in Jirestan Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sri Sarguru Tribal High School ( short : SSTHS ) is a Tamil medium tribal High School located on Mount Pleasant , Coonoor .
Book Harmak ( Bouk ) ( Persian : بوک حرمک‎ ) is a village in Hormak Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bogart 's is a music venue located in the Corryville neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , near the University of Cincinnati , across Vine Street from Sudsy Malone 's Rock ' n Roll Laundry & Bar .
Platamona ( Sassarese : `` Pratamona or Prattamona '' ) is a coastal area in northern Sardinia , located along the Gulf of Asinara , in the municipality of Sassari , between the commune of Sorso and Porto Torres .
Grass River Provincial Park is a 2,279 km2 provincial park in Northwestern Manitoba , Canada .
The Musée Hébert is a museum located in the Hôtel de Montmorency - Bours at 85 , rue du Cherche - Midi , in the 6th arrondissement of Paris , France .
The Van Cleve Opera House was an opera house located in Hartford City , Indiana in the United States .
The Shoppes at River Crossing is a super regional lifestyle center located in Macon , Georgia , U.S.A ..
Amelita Galli - Curci Estate , also known as Sul Monte , is a historic country estate located near Fleischmanns and straddling the boundaries of Delaware County and Ulster County , New York .
Kungens Kurva ( literally , `` The King 's Bend '' or `` The King 's Curve '' ) is a part of Huddinge Municipality in Metropolitan Stockholm , Sweden , 20 km south of the city .
The Palmerston Railway Heritage Museum is the only original station left in Wellington County , Ontario and one of the few designated as a railway museum in its part of the province .
CJAR , known as CJ1240 , is a commercial AM radio station located in The Pas , Manitoba .
The Hill to Hill Bridge is a road crossing of the Lehigh River linking the south and north sides of Bethlehem , Pennsylvania .
Santiago Apoala is a village and municipality in the state of Oaxaca , Mexico , located north of Oaxaca city .
Abdarlu ( Persian : ابدارلو‎ , also Romanized as Ābdārlū ) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Christ Church Glendower , also known as Christ Church , St. Anne 's Parish , is a historic Episcopal church located at Keene , Albemarle County , Virginia .
Bad Überkingen is a municipality in the district of Göppingen in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
The Top o ' the Senator was a jazz club located at 251 Victoria Street in Toronto , Ontario .
William Hulme 's Grammar School is an Academy in Whalley Range , Manchester , England .
Naqsheh - ye Hir ( Persian : نقشه حير‎ , also Romanized as Naqsheh - ye Ḩīr ) is a village in Shalahi Rural District , in the Central District of Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pirowy ( piˈrɔvɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Krasiejów ( kraˈɕejuf ) ( German Krascheow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
New Saint Andrews College is a classical Christian college located in Moscow , Idaho .
Rusholme is an inner - city area of Manchester , England , about two miles south of the city centre .
Quebrada del Nuevo Reino ( Spanish for brook of the new kingdom , pronounced : ( keˈβraða ðel ˈnweβo ˈrejno ) ) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu , Cardenal Caro Province .
Ahetze was a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd and is now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France .
Ratnanagar is a municipality in Chitwan District of Nepal .
Colston Hall is a concert hall and grade II listed building situated on Colston Street , Bristol , England .
Smaszków ( ˈsmaʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
High Ercall , also known in the past as Ercall Magna , is a village in the borough of Telford and Wrekin and ceremonial county of Shropshire , England .
Erbusaig ( Scottish Gaelic : Earbarsaig ) is a small remote township , situated on Erbusaig Bay near Kyle of Lochalsh , Scottish Highlands and is in the council area of Highland .
The Vingleia Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the island of Skarvfleshølen about 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) north of Mausund in the municipality of Frøya in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Gerdes Folk City ( sometimes spelled Gerde 's Folk City ) was a music venue in the West Village , part of Greenwich Village , Manhattan , in New York City .
Stone Arabia School , also known now as Stone Arabia Schoolhouse Museum , was built in 1854 in Cicero , New York .
Octagon Stone Schoolhouse , also known as The Stone Jug , is a historic one - room school building located at South Canaan Township , Wayne County , Pennsylvania .
The Prather Site ( 12CL4 ) is a Middle Mississippian culture archaeological site located in the Falls of the Ohio region in Clark County , Indiana .
Kichatna Spire , sometimes called the Kichatna Spires , is a 7,684-foot ( 2,342 m ) spire - shaped peak in the Kichatna Mountains of the Alaska Range , in Denali National Park and Preserve , southwest of Denali .
Walsham - le - Willows is a village in Suffolk , England , located around 2½ miles ( 4 km ) south - east of Stanton , and lies in the Mid Suffolk council district .
Windward High School is the newest of two public high schools of the Ferndale School District ( district 502 ) , in Bellingham , Washington .
Laignelet ( Breton : Kernoanig ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department of Brittany in north - western France .
Norvin Green State Forest is a 4,365-acre ( 17.4 km² ) state forest in Bloomingdale , New Jersey , United States , near the Wanaque Reservoir .
Budy - Kałki ( ˈbudɨ ˈkau̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hair Raiser is a steel floorless roller coaster at Ocean Park Hong Kong in Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong , China .
Tirdari ( Persian : تيرداري‎ , also Romanized as Tīrdārī ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
919 Third Avenue is an office building in New York City , built in 1971 , and is located at the intersection of Third Avenue and East 55th Street in Midtown Manhattan .
Cedofeita ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɨduˈfejtɐ ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Porto , Portugal .
Zurandul ( Persian : زوراندول‎ , also Romanized as Zūrāndūl ) is a village in Veysian Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gopnath Beach is a beach situated in the Talaja Taluka of Bhavnagar district of Gujarat state of India .
The Bogota Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district serving students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the Borough of Bogota in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Wo Liu Hang ( 禾寮坑 ) is a place in Fo Tan , Hong Kong .
Sankt Georgen i m Schwarzwald is a town in Southwestern Baden - Württemberg , Germany and belongs to Schwarzwald - Baar County .
Tall - e Deraz ( Persian : تل دراز‎ , also Romanized as Tall - e Derāz ; also known as Ţūl - e Derāz ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Savarabad - e Sofla ( Persian : سوارابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Savārābād - e Soflá ; also known as Savārābād , Soārābād , and Sūrābād ) is a village in Pol - e Doab Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Lipska Karczma ( ˈlipska ˈkart͡ʂma ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Emmeloord is the administrative center of the municipality of Noordoostpolder , Flevoland , Netherlands .
The Ocoee Whitewater Center , near Ducktown , Tennessee , United States , was the canoe slalom venue for the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , and is the only in - river course to be used for Olympic slalom competition .
The Merchants & Farmers Bank is a historic bank building at Waterman and Main Streets in Dumas , Arkansas .
The Titicaca National Reservation is located in the Puno Region , Peru , in the Puno and Huancané provinces .
The Diedrichshagener Berg , at 129.8 metres , is the highest point on the forested ridge of Kühlung in the northeast German state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Griffiss Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force installation , located in Rome , New York , about 15 miles ( 24 km ) northwest of Utica in central New York state .
U.S. Bicycle Route 50 ( USBR 50 ) is a west -- east U.S. Bicycle Route that runs from just outside Terre Haute , Indiana to Steubenville , Ohio , and from near Frostburg , Maryland , to Washington , D.C. The route is planned to span the country , from near San Francisco to Washington , D.C.
Bond Education Group operates several private schools in Toronto , Ontario .
Okmiany ( ɔkˈmjanɨ ) ( German : Kaiserswaldau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Stanley Memorial Library is the Laurel , Maryland branch of the Prince George 's County Memorial Library System , located at the intersection of Seventh Street and Talbott Avenue .
Throwley is an English village south of Faversham in the Borough of Swale in Kent .
Chatsworth Hills Academy ( CHA ) is a private , coeducational day school located in Chatsworth , California , USA .
Glenbard North High School , or GBN , and locally referred to as `` Glenbard '' or `` GBN '' , is a public closed campus four - year high school located at the corner of Kuhn Road and Lies Road in Carol Stream , Illinois , a western suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
The Crossness Pumping Station is a former sewage pumping station designed by the Metropolitan Board of Works 's Chief Engineer Sir Joseph Bazalgette and architect Charles Henry Driver at the eastern end of the Southern Outfall Sewer in the London Borough of Bexley .
ACT Theatre ( originally A Contemporary Theatre ) is a regional , non - profit theatre organization in Seattle , Washington , USA .
Elk Pond Mountain is a peak of the Blue Ridge Mountains , on the border of Nelson and Rockbridge counties in Virginia .
Kopydłówko ( kɔpɨˈdwufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Gaylord College of Journalism and Mass Communication is the journalism unit of the University of Oklahoma in Norman .
Siekierzyńce ( ɕɛkʲɛˈʐɨɲt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Apache Junction Unified School District is a school district in Apache Junction , Arizona , additionally serving the town of Gold Canyon .
Rościnko ( rɔɕˈt͡ɕinkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Barcza ( ˈbart͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south - central Poland .
The Hanover Gallery was an art gallery in London .
Hajjiabad - e Kolun ( Persian : حاجي ابادكلون‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Kolūn ; also known as Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Dinagat Islands ( Tagalog : Kapuluang Dinagat ; Cebuano : Mga Isla sa Dinagat ; Surigaonon : Mga Puyo nan Dinagat ) ( PSGC : 168500000 ; ISO : PH - DIN ) are a group of islands constituting a province in the Caraga region in the Philippines , located on the south side of Leyte Gulf .
Dippoldiswalde ( Saxon : Dipps ) is a town in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , administrative center of the Sächsische Schweiz - Osterzgebirge district .
St. Vincent 's Academy ( SVA ) is a private , Catholic , all - female high school located next to the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in downtown Savannah , Georgia .
Lake Murray Country is a large area of South Carolina , USA ; the region includes the counties of Newberry , Saluda , Lexington , and Richland .
Interstate 135 ( abbreviated I-135 ) is a 95.7-mile - long Interstate Highway in central and south - central Kansas , USA .
The Meadowlands Racetrack is a horse racing track at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford , New Jersey , United States .
The Museum of Contemporary Craft based in Portland , Oregon is the oldest continuously - running craft institution on the west coast of the United States .
Strawberry Hill railway station is in Strawberry Hill in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in south west London , and is in Travelcard Zone 5 .
The Sturm College of Law ( `` DU Law '' ) is one of two law schools in the state of Colorado , and the only law school in the Denver metro area .
Gahard ( Breton : Gwaharzh , Gallo : Gahard ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Morowo ( mɔˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Batemans Bay is a town in the South Coast region of the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Opatkowice Pojałowskie ( ɔpatkɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔjaˈwɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The South River Friends Meetinghouse , or Quaker Meeting House , is a historic Friends meeting house located at Lynchburg , Virginia .
Bikhan Qeshlaqi ( Persian : بيخان قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Bīkhān Qeshlāqī ; also known as Bīkhān ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Mareckie ( maˈrɛt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Robert Means Thompson Stadium was an American football stadium in Annapolis , Maryland .
Sułkowo - Baraki ( suu̯ˈkɔvɔ baˈraki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Whau Local Board is one of the 21 local boards of the Auckland Council , which replaced Auckland 's previous eight councils on 1 November 2010 .
Prawomyśl ( praˈvɔmɨɕl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Cholathadam is a rural area in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala in India .
Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan , Canada , located east of Uranium City , Saskatchewan .
Prince William Forest Park was established as Chopawamsic Recreational Demonstration Area in 1936 and is located in southeastern Prince William County , Virginia , adjacent to the Marine Corps Base Quantico .
Camp Campbell Gard is a YMCA camp located on 600 acres ( 2.4 km2 ) along the Great Miami River six miles ( 10 km ) northeast of Hamilton , Ohio .
Dam Tang Chendar Chavil ( Persian : دم تنگ چندارچويل‎ , also Romanized as Dam Tang Chendār Chavīl ) is a village in Seydun - e Jonubi Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The American Artists School was a progressive independent art school in New York City associated with socialism and the American Radical movement .
Bandar - e Turk ( Persian : بندرتورك‎ , also Romanized as Bandar - e Tūrk ) is a village in Nargesan Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Saqqaabad ( Persian : سقااباد‎ , also Romanized as Saqqāābād and Saqāābād ; also known as Saghgha Abad ) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Purcellville Train Station is a historic railway station located at Purcellville , Loudoun County , Virginia adjacent Washington and Old Dominion ( W&OD ) Trail .
Blewburton Hill is the site of an Iron Age hill fort located in Oxfordshire .
Sorkheh Gav ( Persian : سرخه گاو‎ , also Romanized as Sorkheh Gāv ; also known as Sirfagef , Sorkheh Kāv , and Syrfagef ) is a village in Mavazekhan - e Shomali Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Delmar Loop is an entertainment , cultural and restaurant district in University City , Missouri and the adjoining western edge of St. Louis , Missouri .
Woodlawn National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery within Woodlawn Cemetery , which is in the city of Elmira , in Chemung County , New York .
The Steuben House , also known as the Zabriskie - Steuben House , is a noted example of Bergen Dutch sandstone architecture , located at New Bridge Landing on the Hackensack River in River Edge , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Lufeng County ( 禄丰县 ; pinyin : Lùfēng Xiàn ) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture , Yunnan province , China .
Kuh Darreh ( Persian : كوه دره‎ , also Romanized as Kūh Darreh ) is a village in Yam Rural District , Meshkan District , Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Centereach High School is a public high school in the Middle Country Central School District of Suffolk County , New York on Long Island , teaching a college preparatory curriculum for grades nine through twelve .
Khvorlul ( Persian : خورلول‎ , also Romanized as Khvorlūl ) is a village in Isin Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Nippletop is a mountain located in Essex County , New York .
Eagle High School is a four - year public secondary school in Eagle , Idaho , a suburb northwest of Boise .
The Hanover Park Regional High School District is a comprehensive regional public school district that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from three communities in Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
The Miyazaki House ( formerly the Longford House ) in Lillooet , British Columbia is an elegant house built by Caspar Phair in the 1880s .
College Avenue Secondary School is one of three public high schools in Woodstock , Ontario under the Thames Valley District School Board and is named after the street on which it is located .
Benissuera ( Valencian pronunciation : ( benisuˈeɾa ) , Spanish : Benisuera ) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community , Spain .
The Crooked River High Bridge is a steel arch bridge that spans the Crooked River gorge in Jefferson County , Oregon .
Kingsbury Episcopi is a village and civil parish on the River Parrett in Somerset , England , situated 9 miles ( 14.5 km ) north west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district .
Skutki ( ˈskutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bagh Sukhteh ( Persian : باغ سوخته‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Sūkhteh ) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Räpina Parish ( Estonian : Räpina vald ; Võro : Räpinä vald ) is a rural municipality of Estonia , in Põlva County .
Nurabad - e Simineh ( Persian : نورابادسيمينه‎ , also Romanized as Nūrābād - e Sīmīneh ; also known as Darreh Ghūl , Darreh Qūl , Darreh - ye Ghūl , and Nūrābād ) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Bahar County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Westfield Broward ( previously known as the Broward Mall ) is a one - level 1,000,000-square - foot ( 93,000 m2 ) shopping mall in Plantation , Florida , a suburb of Fort Lauderdale .
Longcliffe is a crossroads hamlet in the English county of Derbyshire .
Copston Magna is a small village and civil parish in the Rugby borough of Warwickshire , England .
The First National Bank of White Bear is a historic former bank building in White Bear Lake , Minnesota , United States , built in 1921 .
Tilpordehsar ( Persian : تيل پرده سر‎ , also Romanized as Tīlpordehsar ) is a village in Katra Rural District , Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Waldshut station ( German : Bahnhof Waldshut ) is a railway station in the city of Waldshut - Tiengen in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Adanac Ski Hill is a downhill ski area within the city of Sudbury in northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Constable Hook Cemetery is the name used to refer to two cemeteries on Constable Hook in Bayonne , New Jersey , the extant Bayonne Constable Hook Cemetery and the no longer existing Van Buskerck Family Burial Ground .
KKFR ( 98.3 FM ) - also known as `` Power 98.3 & 101.9 '' - is a Rhythmic Contemporary Hit Radio outlet in the Phoenix , Arizona , radio market .
The Wooldridge Monuments are a series of historical monuments located in Maplewood Cemetery of Mayfield , Kentucky .
The Woodbury Country Club ( WCC ) was a private golf club in Woodbury , New Jersey , United States .
The Billingsley Farm is a historic place in Wadesboro , Florida , United States .
Zielony Grąd ( ʑeˈlɔnɨ ˈɡrɔnt ) ( German : Schönwiese ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Paulilatino ( Sardinian : Paùlle ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Oristano .
Małszewko ( mau̯ˈʂɛfkɔ ) ( German : Malschöwen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Krzywogoniec ( kʂɨvɔˈɡɔɲet͡s ) ( German : Krummstadt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Parpan was a municipality in the district Plessur of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland .
Malaba , Uganda is a town in Tororo District in the Eastern Region of Uganda , on its eastern border with Kenya .
Boz Laneh ( Persian : بزلانه‎ , also Romanized as Boz Lāneh , Bezlāneh , and Boz Lānah ; also known as Bij Laniyeh ) is a village in Naran Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Residence of Prince Miloš ( Serbian : Конак кнеза Милоша ) is a royal residence in the Topčider municipality of Belgrade , Serbia .
Harris Academy Upper Norwood ( formerly Westwood High School and then Westwood Girls ' College for Languages and Arts and Ingram County Secondary Girls ' School ) is a girls ' secondary school with academy status , located in the Upper Norwood area of the London Borough of Croydon , England .
Wheeling Island Historic District is a national historic district located on Wheeling Island in Wheeling , Ohio County , West Virginia .
Stryje Księże ( ˈstrɨjɛ ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Nature Reserve of Saint Bartholomew ( Réserve Naturelle de Saint - Barthélemy ) is a nature reserve of Saint Barthélemy ( RNN 132 ) , French West Indies , an overseas collectivity of France .
Saint - Anicet is a municipality in Le Haut - Saint - Laurent Regional County Municipality in the Montérégie administrative region of Quebec .
Tavusiyeh ( Persian : طاووسيه‎ , also Romanized as Ţāvūsīyeh ; also known as Shahrak - e Ţāvūsīyeh ) is a village in Ramjin Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Wyhalew ( vɨˈxalɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Daleszyn ( daˈlɛʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Hanover County Courthouse is an historic courthouse located in the community of Hanover Courthouse , the county seat of Hanover County , Virginia .
Elyerd ( Persian : اليرد‎ , also Romanized as Elyerd and Alīyerd ) is a village in Garmab Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The South Side Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh located at 2205 East Carson Street in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was built in 1909 .
Suderwick is a village in the city of Bocholt , Kreis Borken in the German State of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Kabudlar ( Persian : كبودلر‎‎ , also Romanized as Kabūdlar ; also known as Kabūdeh - ye Dehjū and Jūb Now - ye Kabūdlar ) is a village in Zagheh Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Khvoshalan ( Persian : خوش الان‎ , also Romanized as Khvoshālān ; also known as Khvosh Owlān ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Notre - Dame - des - Missions - du - cygne d'Enghien ( sometimes referred to as Notre - Dame - des - Missions d'Épinay - sur - Seine ) is a French Roman Catholic church located in the commune of Épinay - sur - Seine , near Paris and in the Seine - Saint - Denis department .
Lucian - Hamilton Field is a baseball park in Austin in the U.S. state of Texas and the home of the St. Edward 's Hilltoppers baseball team .
Riba - roja d'Ebre is a municipality in the comarca of the Ribera d'Ebre in southern Catalonia , Spain .
Soho Synagogue is a `` hipster '' synagogue located in SoHo , a neighborhood in Manhattan , New York .
Godlewo Wielkie ( ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Westend Gate , formerly known as Plaza Büro Center , is a 47-storey , 159 m ( 522 ft ) skyscraper in the Westend - Süd district of Frankfurt , Germany .
KEZW ( 1430 AM , `` Cruisin ' 1430 '' ) is a radio station serving the Denver , Colorado area and playing a format of oldies music .
Pain Mahalleh - ye Zemidan ( Persian : پائين محله زميدان‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh - ye Zemīdān ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Staromieście ( starɔˈmjɛɕt͡ɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Ham Neshin ( Persian : همنشين‎ , also Romanized as Ham Neshīn and Hamneshīn ) is a village in Minjavan - e Sharqi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Oddevall is a village in Lier municipality , county of Buskerud , Norway .
Mount Ida High School is a public six - year high school located in Mount Ida , Arkansas , United States .
The Olmstead Depot is a historic railroad station in Olmsted , Illinois .
Somerley is a large house and grounds in the civil parish of Ellingham , Harbridge and Ibsley in the New Forest district in Hampshire , England .
Fivepointville , Pennsylvania is an unincorporated community and census - designated place located in Brecknock Township in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
The Maccabiah Stadium ( Hebrew : אצטדיון המכביה‎ ) ( Itztadion Hamakabiya ) is a football stadium on the Yarkon River in Tel Aviv , Israel .
The Keith Building is a skyscraper in downtown Cleveland , Ohio 's Theater District .
Huaquirca District is one of the seven districts of the Antabamba Province in the ( Apurímac Region ) in Peru .
Uğurludağ is a small district of Çorum Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Uyyakondaravi ( population c. 500 ) is a village in Tamil Nadu state , India , near Neyveli .
Dongal ( Persian : دنگل‎ , also Romanized as Dāngal and Dāngol ; also known as Dongān , Dūngir , and Dūnjīr ) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Thorpe Salvin is a village and a civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire , England , on the border with Nottinghamshire .
Jahan Bini ( Persian : جهان بيني‎ , also Romanized as Jahān Bīnī ; also known as Jahān Bīn ) is a village in Shirang Rural District , Kamalan District , Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Nelstrops Albion Flour Mills , also known as Nelstrop Albion Corn Mill , Nelstrop 's Flour Mill or Albion Mills , is a corn mill in Heaton Norris , in the suburbs of Stockport , England .
Grevenburg was a castle in Traben - Trarbach in the federal state of Rhineland - Palatinate in Germany .
Vardesku ( Persian : وردسكو‎ , also Romanized as Vardeskū ; also known as Vardeskūn ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Grzędy Górne ( ˈɡʐɛndɨ ˈɡurnɛ ) ( German : Oberkonradswaldau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Bór , within Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
KCFO ( 970 AM ) is a Tulsa , Oklahoma , area Christian radio station .
Romeo Engineering and Technology Center is located in northern Macomb County , Michigan approximately 30 miles north of the city of Detroit .
Tai Po Mega Mall ( Chinese : 大埔超級城 ) is the largest shopping mall in Tai Po , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Leylakabad ( Persian : ليلك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Leylakābād ; also known as Kalaklū ) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kahreh ( Persian : كهره‎ , also Romanized as Kahareh ; also known as Bara Khaireh ) is a village in Helilan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Monks Risborough is a village and ecclesiastical parish in Buckinghamshire , England , lying between Princes Risborough and Great Kimble .
Shalgeh ( Persian : شالگه‎ , also Romanized as Shālgeh ) is a village in Gavork - e Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Factory Theatre is a theatre in Toronto , Ontario , founded as Factory Theatre Lab in 1970 by Ken Gass and Frank Trotz .
Bunji - ye Karbasi ( Persian : بونجي كرباسي‎ , also Romanized as Būnjī - ye Karbāsī ; also known as Bonjī - ye Karbāsī ) is a village in Kangan Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Jamshidabad - e Heydar ( Persian : جمشيدابادحيدر‎ , also Romanized as Jamshīdābād - e Ḩeydar ; also known as Jamshīdābād and Ḩamīdābād ) is a village in Zagheh Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lavar - e Razemi ( Persian : لاوررزمي‎ , also Romanized as Lāvar - e Razemī and Lāvar - e Sharqī ) is a village in Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
WKLB - FM ( 102.5 FM , `` Country 102.5 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Waltham , Massachusetts and serving Greater Boston .
The Gunnamatta Bay is a small bay in southern Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Hamzeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : خمزه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamzeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Khamzeh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Jarahi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bromley Stop Lock was a lock on the Limehouse Cut in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets that was situated near the junction of Limehouse Cut and the River Lee Navigation by Bow Locks .
Passage du Havre is one of the covered passages of Paris .
The Wendell Town Common Historic District encompasses the historic heart of the small town of Wendell , Massachusetts .
The Belleville Dutch Reformed Church , listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Reformed Dutch Church of Second River , is a historic church located in Belleville , Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
The Outpost Island Mine was a gold and tungsten producer 94 kilometres southeast of Yellowknife , Northwest Territories on an island of Great Slave Lake .
Maple Grove Senior High School ( MGSH ) is a public grades 9 - -12 high school located in Maple Grove , Minnesota , at 9800 Fernbrook Lane North .
Khatun Mordeh ( Persian : خاتون مرده‎ , also Romanized as Khātūn Mordeh ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lantau South Country Park ( Chinese : 南大嶼郊野公園 ) is one of two rural country parks on Lantau Island , Hong Kong , the other one being Lantau North Country Park and its extension .
Bagh - e Najafabad ( Persian : باغ نجف اباد‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Najafābād ) is a village in Hangam Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sari Molag is a village of Himachal Pradesh , under Tehshil Jaisinghpur , Kangra district , India .
Kul - e Shah ( Persian : کول شاه‎ , also Romanized as Kūl - e Shāh ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ponto Lake is a 347-acre ( 1.4 km² ) lake located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north and 8 miles ( 13 km ) east of Backus , Minnesota .
Danville Area Community College ( or DACC ) is a public two - year community college located in Danville , Illinois .
Heydarabad - e Mohammad Shir ( Persian : حيدر آبادمحمدشير‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād - e Moḩammad Shīr ; also known as Ḩeydarābād ) is a village in Kongor Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Błotny Młyn ( ˈbwɔtnɨ ˈmwɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Hoy ( from Norse Háey meaning high island ) is an island in Orkney , Scotland .
Dhanwapur is one of the Village in Gurgaon Mandal in Gurgaon District in Haryana State .
Itahari ( Nepali : इटहरी ) is a city located in the Sunsari District in the Koshi Zone of south - eastern Nepal .
Talking Mountain in El Dorado County , California is a peak in the Sierra Nevada located on the high ridge that extends eastward from the summit of Ralston Peak in the Eldorado National Forest .
San Giuseppe dei Falegnami ( Italian , `` St. Joseph of the Carpenters '' ) is a Roman Catholic church , located in the Forum in Rome , Italy .
Lyons Hill is a restored village , and former parish with church , now part of the community of Ardclough in north County Kildare .
The Arts Centre Melbourne , originally known as the Victorian Arts Centre and briefly officially called The Arts Centre , is a performing arts centre consisting of a complex of theatres and concert halls in the Melbourne Arts Precinct , located in the central Melbourne suburb of Southbank in Victoria , Australia .
Łobodzie ( wɔˈbɔd͡ʑe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Euclid Public Library is the public library library serving Euclid , Ohio .
Alilah ( Persian : اليله‎ , also Romanized as Alīlah ; also known as Ālāyl and Ālāylah ) is a village in Ani Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Söğüt ( søʲyt ) is a town and district of Bilecik Province in the Marmara region of Turkey .
Stara Rudówka ( ˈstara ruˈdufka ) ( German : Alt Rudowken ; 1939 - 45 : Hammerbruch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mount London , also known as Boundary Peak 100 , 2,326 m ( 7,631 ft ) , is a mountain on the Alaska - British Columbia boundary in the Juneau Icefield of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains , located southwest of Atlin , British Columbia on the border with Haines Borough Alaska .
The Grand Circus Park Historic District contains the 5-acre ( 2.0 ha ) Grand Circus Park in Downtown Detroit , Michigan that connects the theatre district with its financial district .
The Marble Mountain Wilderness is a 241,744-acre ( 978.30 km2 ) wilderness area located 60 miles ( 97 km ) southwest of Yreka , California , in the United States .
The Tampa Theatre and Office Building is a historic U.S. theater and city landmark in the Uptown District of downtown Tampa , Florida .
Svoge Municipality is located in western Bulgaria and is a part of Sofia Province .
The Aller Canal ( German : Allerkanal ) is a canal built in the mid-19th century in the German state of Lower Saxony .
The Maliboomer was an attraction at the Paradise Pier section of Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim , California .
Çerkezköy is a town and district of Tekirdağ Province in the Marmara Region of Turkey .
WROD ( 1340 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Daytona Beach , Florida and broadcasting a classic rock format .
Buttevant ( Irish : Cill na Mullach , meaning `` Church of the Summits '' or Ecclesia Tumulorum in the Latin ) is a medieval market town , incorporated by charter of Edward III , situated in North County Cork , Ireland .
WDAE ( 620 AM , `` Sports Radio 620 WDAE '' ) is a sports talk - formatted radio station in Tampa , Florida , United States .
Zargar - e Barzand ( Persian : زرگربرزند‎also known as Zargar - e Dīkdāsh ) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Rusia ( ˈruɕa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Mahoning River is a river located in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania .
Our Lady of Providence Junior - Senior High School is a coed Catholic high school in Clarksville , Indiana , in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis .
Devlali ( d̪eːwɭaːli ) , or Deolali , is a small hill station and a census town in Nashik district , Maharashtra .
Dick Dlesk Soccer Stadium is a 1,600-capacity soccer specific stadium located in Morgantown , West Virginia where it serves as the home field for the West Virginia Mountaineers men 's and women 's soccer teams .
Colonial Parkway is a 23-mile ( 37 km ) scenic parkway linking the three points of Virginia 's Historic Triangle , Jamestown , Williamsburg , and Yorktown .
Dens Park is a football stadium located on Dens Road in Dundee , Scotland .
Barazarlu ( Persian : برزانلو‎ , also Romanized as Barāzārlū ; also known Barāzānlū ) is a village in Tabar Rural District , Jolgeh Shoqan District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Darmian Rural District ( Persian : دهستان درميان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sturt Mall is a shopping centre located in the CBD of Wagga Wagga , New South Wales , Australia .
Berchidda ( Gallurese : Bilchidda , Sardinian : Belchidda ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Olbia - Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southwest of Olbia .
1000 Broadway is a 24 story office building in Portland , Oregon .
Khamanon ( ਪੰਜਾਬੀ : ਖਮਾਣੋਂ ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Fatehgarh Sahib district in the Indian state of Punjab .
Witowice Górne ( vʲitɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Burraubach is a river in the Sigmaringen district in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Mannanur is a village on the banks of Bharathappuzha river in Palakkad district of Kerala state in India .
Piecowice ( pjɛt͡sɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Emery Row is a historic building in Covington , Kentucky , United States , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Kohuiyeh ( Persian : كهوييه‎ , also Romanized as Kohū’īyeh ; also known as Kūheh ) is a village in Pariz Rural District , Pariz District , Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Dastgerdi ( Persian : دستگردي‎ , also Romanized as Dastgerdī ; also known as Banāvach and Dastgerdī - ye Banāvach ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Qazan Qarah ( Persian : قزانقره‎ , also Romanized as Qāzān Qarah and Qazān Qareh ; also known as Kazangār ) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Martello Court is a residential building and one of the tallest buildings in Edinburgh , Scotland .
The Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Museum , also known as the Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Facility , is an automobile museum located in Auburn , Indiana in the United States .
Sar Darreh - ye Bibi Roshteh ( Persian : سردره بي بي رشته‎ , also Romanized as Sar Darreh - ye Bībī Roshteh ; also known as Sar Darreh ) is a village in Alqchin Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Oblas ( ˈɔblas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Suyang Township ( Chinese : 苏阳乡 ) is a township - level division of Yuanshi County , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Quakertown Airport ( IATA : UKT , ICAO : KUKT , FAA LID : UKT ) is a public airport in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , owned by the Bucks County Airport Authority .
Castleknock ( Irish : Caisleán Cnucha , meaning `` Cnucha 's Castle '' ) is a suburb of Dublin and a civil parish in Fingal , Ireland .
The Diamond Ranch Academy is a residential treatment center and therapeutic boarding school in Hurricane , Utah .
The Free Frank McWorter Grave Site , near the Pike County , Illinois city of Barry , is the grave site of former slave Frank McWorter .
Palomar Medical Center ( PMC ) is a two - campus hospital located in Escondido , California .
Behdadin ( Persian : بهدادين‎ , also Romanized as Behdādīn ; also known as Behdāden ) is a village in Bostan Rural District , Sangan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Neuaddyrynys is a small village in the community of Llangynfelyn , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 78.9 miles ( 127 km ) from Cardiff and 178.2 miles ( 286.7 km ) from London .
525 North Tryon , also known as Odell Plaza , is a 330 feet ( 101 m ) skyscraper in Charlotte , North Carolina .
The O. C. Barber Colt Barn , built in 1912 , is an historic farm building located on Austin Drive on the Anna - Dean Farm in Barberton , Ohio .
Amildan ( Persian : اميلدان‎ , also Romanized as Amīldān and Āmīldān ) is a village in Aliabad - e Ziba Kenar Rural District , Lasht - e Nesha District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Przybyłowice ( pʂɨbɨwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Przyny ( ˈpʂɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
North Platte National Wildlife Refuge is located in the U.S. state of Nebraska and includes 5,047 acres ( 20.42 km2 ) .
The Neola North Fire was a major wildfire which occurred in the Ashley National Forest in northeastern Utah .
Southern Catholic College was a private , co - educational Roman Catholic four - year college located in Dawsonville , Georgia .
Świętomierz ( ɕfjɛnˈtɔmjɛʂ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mon State ( Burmese : မွန်ပြည်နယ် , pronounced : ( mʊ̀ɴ pjìnɛ̀ ) ; Mon : တွဵုရးဍုၚ်မန်၊ ရးမညဒေသ ) is an administrative division of Myanmar .
Duke Energy Center for the Performing Arts is the main venue for the performing arts in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Lake Taghkanic State Park is a state park located in the southern part of Columbia County , New York in the USA .
Wola Zagojska Dolna ( ˈvɔla zaˈɡɔi̯ska ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Varesabad ( Persian : وارث اباد‎ , also Romanized as Vāres̄ābād ; also known as Varavasht ) is a village in Khanandabil - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Chepén Province is one of the twelve provinces that make up the La Libertad Region of Peru .
The Sen. John Holmes House is a historic house on Main Street ( United States Route 202 ) in Alfred , Maine .
Hatton Road ( Chinese : 克頓道 ) is a pedestrian - only road in western Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
The Lizzie Robinson House , located at 2864 Corby Street in North Omaha , Nebraska , United States , is the location of the first Church of God in Christ congregation in the state .
KLJY located in Clayton , Missouri , operates at 99.1 MHz . It is transmitted with an effective radiated power of 100 kW.
Asyab Qashqa ( Persian : اسياب قشقا‎ , also Romanized as Āsyāb Qashqā ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District , Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Brooks Round Barn was an historical structure located near Nashua in rural Floyd County , Iowa .
Like most other towns in the Las Colonias Department , San Carlos Centro was originally an agricultural colony , populated by European immigrants .
The Andalusia Technology Park ( Spanish : Parque Tecnológico de Andalucía , PTA ) in Málaga is a science park .
The Burrell Heights Apartments is a building complex in southeast Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Jewish Theological Seminary library fire was discovered on Monday , April 18 , 1966 at 10:15 AM when smoke was seen pouring from one of the small upper windows of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America library tower at Broadway and 122nd Street in New York City .
Katghar Lalganj is a sub - district , town and a nagar panchayat in Azamgarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The English Neighborhood was the colonial - era name for the towns in eastern Bergen County , New Jersey , along the Hudson Palisades between the North River ( Hudson River ) and the Hackensack River , particularly around its main tributary , Overpeck Creek .
The New Fork River is the uppermost major tributary of the Green River in Wyoming , flowing about 70 miles ( 110 km ) entirely within Sublette County .
Bodmin ( Cornish : Bosvena ) is a civil parish and major town in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Khsach Kandal District ( Khmer : ស្រុកខ្សាច់កណ្តាល ) is a district ( srok ) of Kandal Province , Cambodia .
Baluchi - ye Pain ( Persian : بلوچي پائين‎ , also Romanized as Balūchī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kul Kharan ( Persian : كولخران‎ , also Romanized as Kūl Kharān ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Boott Spur is a minor peak located in Coos County , New Hampshire .
Kruščik ( Serbian : Крушчик ) is a village in the municipality of Brod , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Guadalupe River State Park is a Texas state park located on a section of the Guadalupe River in Kendall and Comal Counties , northwest of Bulverde , Texas United States and is administered by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department .
Itikyal ( Telugu : ఇటిక్యాల ) is a mandal in Mahbubnagar district , Telangana , India .
Bradford Friends Meetinghouse , also known as Marshallton Meeting House , is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Marshallton in West Bradford Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Gazan Ashehi ( Persian : گزان اشه اي‎ , also Romanized as Gazān Āshehī ; also known as Gazān Hāshtī ) is a village in Damen Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
East of Amelinghausen the river is impounded by a dam by the B 209 federal road to create the tourist lake of Lopausee .
SKH Bishop Mok Sau Tseng Secondary School ( Traditional Chinese : 聖公會莫壽增會督中學),often referred to simply MST or , in Chinese , 莫壽增 , is a co - educational secondary school in Hong Kong .
Skroblaki ( skrɔˈblaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Ocna Sibiului ( German : Salzburg ; Hungarian : Vízakna ) is a town in the centre of Sibiu County , in southern Transylvania , central Romania , 10 km to the north - west of the county capital Sibiu .
Kuksigerd ( Persian : كوك سيگرد‎ , also Romanized as Kūksīgerd ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Wester Hailes is an area in the south west of Edinburgh , Scotland .
Niawier ( West Frisian : Nijewier , that is : ' new warf ' ) is a village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
One Shell Plaza ( OSP ) is a 50-story , 218 m ( 715 ft ) skyscraper at 910 Louisiana Street in Downtown Houston , Texas .
Ponte Garibaldi is a bridge that links Lungotevere De ' Cenci to Piazza Giuseppe Gioachino Belli in Rome ( Italy ) , in the Rioni Regola and Trastevere .
Ogbourne Maizey is a hamlet in Wiltshire , England 1.6 miles ( 2.6 km ) north of the town of Marlborough and 0.4 miles ( 0.64 km ) south of the village of Ogbourne St. Andrew .
Chruślin ( ˈxruɕlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
WYSE ( 970 AM ) is a radio station located in Canton , North Carolina , that simulcasts WISE 's sports talk format from Asheville , North Carolina .
Sirgenstein Castle ( German : Burgrest Sirgenstein ) is a ruined castle on rock , over twenty metres high , with a cave inhabited in the Stone Age , the Sirgenstein , between the town of Blaubeuren and hamlet of Schelklingen in Alb - Donau - Kreis in Baden - Württemberg .
KVNT ( 1020 AM ) is an American commercial radio station in Eagle River , Alaska , broadcasting to the Anchorage , Alaska , area .
The Helpt Hills ( German : Helpter Berge ) are the highest natural elevation in the northeast German state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern reaching a maximum height of 179.2 metres ( 588 ft ) above sea level ( NHN ) .
The Buttonwood Park Zoo , located in New Bedford , Massachusetts , United States , is a ten - acre zoo located in the center of Buttonwood Park .
Santa Ana High School is the oldest and largest high school in Orange County , California , United States .
Skolwin is a municipal neighbourhood of the city of Szczecin , Poland situated on the left bank of Oder river , north of the Szczecin Old Town , and Middle Town , south of the town of Police .
Pishin Valeh ( Persian : پيشين واله‎ , also Romanized as Pīshīn Vāleh ) is a village in Valupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
20 Years of Independence Stadium , also known as 20-Letie Nezavisimosti Stadium , is a stadium in Khujand , Tajikistan .
Stichtse Vecht is a municipality of the Netherlands and lies in the northwestern part of the province of Utrecht .
Jacochów ( jaˈt͡sɔxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chachagüí ( Spanish pronunciation : ( tʃatʃaˈɣwi ) ) is a town and municipality in the Nariño Department , Colombia .
Gosford and Water Eaton is a civil parish in the Cherwell district of the English county of Oxfordshire .
Łańcuchów ( waɲˈt͡suxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Shahmar - e Mirza Morad ( Persian : شاه مارميرزامراد‎ , also Romanized as Shāhmār - e Mīrzā Morād ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Port of Muskogee is a regional port , located in Muskogee , Oklahoma , USA .
The Museum of Vancouver ( MOV ) ( formerly the Vancouver Museum ) is a local museum located in Vanier Park , Vancouver , British Columbia .
Angelina National Forest is a United States National Forest , one of four located in Texas .
The Wolfeboro Centre Community Church ( also known as the Union Meeting House , First Christian Society , and Second Christian Church ) is a historic church on NH 109 in Wolfeboro Center , New Hampshire .
Rancho Las Salinas also called El Tucho was a four - square - league ( 17,713.6-acre ( 71.684 km2 ) ) Spanish land concession in the Salinas Valley , in present day Monterey County , California .
Hejing County ( Chinese : 和静县 ; pinyin : Héjìng Xiàn ) is located in the central - southern part of the Tian Shan mountains of Xinjiang , in the North - west of Bayingolin Mongol Autonomous Prefecture .
Epping Stadium is an Australian soccer ground on Harvest Home Rd in Epping , a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria .
The Sergeant Carl F. Curran II Bridge is a girder bridge connecting East Brady and Brady 's Bend Township , Pennsylvania .
Bleddfa is a village in which lies on the road from Knighton to Penybont and is located in the community of Llangynllo , Powys , Wales .
German Evangelical Reformed Church ( also known as Zoar Church ; Zoar Congregation ) is a historic church in Newton , Iowa .
Point Belches is a small point on the south side of Swan River , Western Australia , about 250 metres east of The Narrows within the area known as Perth Water .
Nedavić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Недавић ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Godlewo - Gorzejewo ( ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ɡɔʐɛˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Iliboleng is a stratovolcano located at the southeast end of Adonara Island .
Shahrbaz ( Persian : شهرباز‎ , also Romanized as Shahrbāz ) is a village in Hesar - e Valiyeasr Rural District , Avaj District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Curry Hicks Physical Education Building , better known as the Curry Hicks Cage , is an athletic facility on the campus of the University of Massachusetts Amherst in Amherst .
Schwanden bei Brienz ( until 1911 officially named Schwanden ) is a municipality in the Interlaken - Oberhasli administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
The Oglala National Grassland is a United States National Grassland in the northwest corner of Nebraska .
Wierzchlesie ( vjɛʂˈxlɛɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Wola Palczewska ( ˈvɔla palˈt͡ʂɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Żelisławiec ( ʐɛliˈswavjɛt͡s ) ( German : Sinzlow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Dargu Shomali ( Persian : درگوشمالي‎ , also Romanized as Dargū Shomālī ; also known as Dargoo , Dargu , and Darkū - ye Shemālī ) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Michael D. Case Tennis Center is a 2,000-seat tennis arena on the campus of the University of Tulsa in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
The Arts and Industries Building is the second oldest of the Smithsonian museums on the National Mall in Washington , D.C. Initially named the National Museum , it was built to provide the Smithsonian with its first proper facility for public display of its growing collections .
Chowchik Ab ( Persian : چوچيك اب‎ , also Romanized as Chowchīk Āb ; also known as Emāmzādeh - ye Chechīk Āb and Emāmzādeh - ye Chowchīk Āb ) is a village in Shoqan Rural District , Jolgeh Shoqan District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Moravian Brethren Mission House or Herrnhut House ( Danish : Herrnhuthuset ) is a historical building in Nuuk , the capital of Greenland , established in 1747 from timber shipped to the United Brethren from the Netherlands .
Stefanaconi ( Greek : Stephanikonion ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) east of Vibo Valentia .
Shan Kabud ( Persian : شان كبود‎ , also Romanized as Shān Kabūd ) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District , in the Sivan District of Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The 7,259-foot ( 2,213 m ) peak is located in the Horsetooth Mountain Open Space , 7.0 miles ( 11.2 km ) west ( bearing 265 ° ) of downtown Fort Collins in Larimer County , Colorado , United States .
Flesherton ( population 700 ) is a community in the Municipality of Grey Highlands , in Grey County , Ontario , Canada , located at the junction of Highway 10 and Grey County Road 4 ( formerly Highway 4 ) .
Szałamaje ( ʂawaˈmajɛ ) ( German : Schalamai ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Loomis - Parry Residence is a mixed - style residential house , constructed in 1917 , in Augusta , Kansas .
Kushk - e Mowla ( Persian : كوشك مولا‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk - e Mowlā and Kushk - i - Maula ) is a village in Darian Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Miedwiecko ( mjɛdˈvjɛt͡skɔ ) ( German : Madüsee ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Yevlaq ( Persian : يولاق‎ , also Romanized as Yevlāq ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
St Fagans ( /səntˈfæɡənz/ sənt - FAG - ənz ; Welsh : Sain Ffagan ) is an area in the west of the city of Cardiff , capital of Wales .
Westrza ( ˈvɛstʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieroszewice , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The West Richwoods Church & School is a historic multifunction building on Arkansas Highway 9 in West Richwoods , Arkansas , a hamlet in rural central Stone County .
Dasht - e Dal ( Persian : دشتدال‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Dāl , Dasht Dāl , and Dasht - i - Dal ; also known as Dashteh Āl ) is a village in Posht Par Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Henry M. Jackson Wilderness is a 103,297-acre ( 41,803 ha ) designated wilderness area in the state of Washington , United States .
The James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy , also known as the Baker Institute , is an American think tank on the campus of Rice University in Houston , Texas .
Claytor Lake State Park in Pulaski County , Virginia is located on Claytor Lake , a 4,500 acre ( 18 km² ) , 21 mile ( 34 km ) long artificial lake on the New River created for a hydroelectric project ( Claytor Dam ) of the Appalachian Power Company .
The Commodore Hull School , now also known as the Commodore Hull School Apartments , is a former elementary school at 130 Oak Avenue in Shelton , Connecticut .
CIHO - FM is a French language community radio station that broadcasts at 96.3 FM in Saint - Hilarion , Quebec , Canada .
Garamduz Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گرمادوز‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Garamduz District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Amesbury High School is a coeducational public high school in the city of Amesbury , Massachusetts , serving as the primary high school for students from Amesbury , South Hampton , New Hampshire , and also drawing some students from other parts of the lower Merrimack Valley region .
Dagenham Park Church of England School or Dagenham Park School , is a secondary school located in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham .
Masłoniowizna ( maswɔɲɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarki , within Myszków County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Rezaabad - e Shomsai ( Persian : رضاابادشمسائي‎ , also Romanized as Reẕāābād - e Shomsā’ī ; also known as Reẕāābād ) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Natz - Schabs ( Italian : Naz - Sciaves ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northeast of the city of Bolzano .
Nochevo ( Bulgarian : Ночево ) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality , in Kardzhali Province , in southern - central Bulgaria .
Koszalin is also a county - status city and capital of Koszalin County of West Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999 .
Malone - Dufort Airport ( ICAO : KMAL , FAA LID : MAL ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) west of the central business district of Malone , a village in the Town of Malone , Franklin County , New York , United States .
Gerbécourt ( German : Gerbertshofen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
North Cowton is a village and civil parish , located in Richmondshire , North Yorkshire , England .
Sefid Kamareh ( Persian : سفيدكمره‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Kamareh ; also known as Sefīd Kareh ) is a village in Buin Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kustrzyce ( kusˈtʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pando Creek ( Spanish : Arroyo Pando ) is a Uruguayan stream , crossing Canelones Department .
The Athens Skate Park is , as the name states , a skatepark located in Athens , Ohio .
The Clark Planetarium is situated within the Gateway District at the intersection of 400 West and 100 South in downtown Salt Lake City , Utah , USA .
Goravan ( Armenian : Գոռավան , formerly Yenikend ) , is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Wołczyny ( vɔu̯ˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Varnian ( Persian : وارنيان‎ , also Romanized as Vārnīān and Vārneyān ; also known as Vārīnān ) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hadakan ( Persian : هدكان‎ , also Romanized as Hadakān and Hadkān ; also known as Hada Ku and Hadakuh ) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
New Mount Carmel Center was the name of the Branch Davidian home outside of Waco , Texas , United States , led by Benjamin Roden and later David Koresh .
WVBR - FM ( 93.5 FM ) is a college radio student - owned and volunteer - run station that broadcasts to Ithaca , New York , and surrounding areas .
West End Christian School ( WECS ) is a Christian school in Hopewell , Virginia with over 170 students in enrollment .
Town Creek Indian Mound ( 31 MG 2 ) is a prehistoric Native American archaeological site located near Mount Gilead , Montgomery County , North Carolina , in the United States .
Yorkrakine is a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , and is part of the Shire of Tammin , 203 kilometres ( 126 mi ) east of the state capital , Perth .
The Salton Sea State Recreation Area is run by the California Department of Parks and Recreation .
Druid Park ( originally known as the Wheatsheaf Ground ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Woolsington , north of Newcastle upon Tyne in England .
The Wilsonville Public Library ( WPL ) is the single - location public library of the city of Wilsonville in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Bowers - Felts House on Lotus Lane in Lufkin , Texas was designed by architect Shirley Simons and was built in 1928 .
Whittington Castle is a castle in northern Shropshire , England , owned and managed by the Whittington Castle Preservation Fund .
Ciemianka ( t͡ɕeˈmjanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Cham Geredeleh - ye Vosta ( Persian : چمگردله وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Cham Geredeleh - ye Vosţá ; also known as Cham Geredeleh and Cham Gerdeleh ) is a village in Jayedar Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Yord - e Khalaf ( Persian : يردخلف‎ ; also known as Yūrd - e Khalaf ) is a village in Behdasht Rural District , Kushk - e Nar District , Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Yidukou ( Chinese : 义渡口镇 ) is a town in Ling County , Dezhou , in northwestern Shandong province , China .
Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Institute ( SIPI ) is a federally operated Bureau of Indian Affairs community college located in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Catalina State Park is a state park of Arizona , USA , located adjacent to Coronado National Forest on the western slopes of the Santa Catalina Mountains north of Tucson .
The Walnut Park Historic District is located in the University Hill neighborhood of Syracuse , New York , adjacent to the Syracuse University campus .
Huxley College of the Environment at Western Washington University is one of the oldest environmental colleges in the nation and a recognized leader in producing the next generation of environmental professionals and stewards .
The First Avenue South Bridge is a pair of double - leaf bascule bridges built between 1956 and 1998 that carry State Route 99 over the Duwamish River about three miles ( 5 km ) south of downtown Seattle , Washington .
Stevens Pass ( elevation 4,056 ft ( 1,236 m ) ) is a mountain pass through the Cascade Mountains located at the border of King County and Chelan County in Washington , United States .
Congregational Church of the Evangel is a historic Congregational church at 1950 Bedford Ave . in Flatbush , Brooklyn , New York , New York .
The Kingman Army Air Forces Flexible Gunnery School Radio Tower , at 7000 Flightline Dr. in Kingman , Arizona is a historic structure built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1943 .
Reit i m Winkl is a small village ( locally known as a snow - magnet ) located on the German / Austrian border in the southeastern part of Bavaria , Germany in the Traunstein district , and was previously an immigration and customs control point ( prior to the formation of the Schengen Zone ) .
Bolbol Safai ( Persian : بلبل صفائي‎ , also Romanized as Bolbol Şafā’ī ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Golzar - e Olya ( Persian : گلزارعليا‎ , also Romanized as Golzār - e `` Olyā ; also known as Qūzlū - ye Bālā ) is a village in Emam Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 381 , in 93 families .
Metro Tacubaya is a station on Lines 1 , 7 and 9 of the Mexico City Metro system .
Groveland Correctional Facility is a medium security prison located in the Town of Groveland in Livingston County , New York , in the United States .
The North Broad Street Residential Historic District is a 18 acres ( 7.3 ha ) historic district in Winder , Georgia .
Kachek ( Persian : كچك‎ ) is a village in Karian Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Island of Happy Days is a historic estate located on Stout Island in Red Cedar Lake , Barron County , Wisconsin .
Czarkówka Duża ( t͡ʂarˈkufka ˈduʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The New Territories Heung Yee Kuk Yuen Long District Secondary School ( abbreviated as NTHYKYLDSS ) ( Chinese : 新界鄉議局元朗區中學 ) is a Hong Kong secondary school located in Yuen Long , New Territories .
Mylapore taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Terra Cotta , California is a former mining town in Riverside County .
Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu Stadium ( Sinhalese : පාකියසොති සර්වනමූත්තු ක්‍රීඩාංගනය , Tamil : பாக்கியசோதி சரவணமுத்து மைதானம் ; ) , Colombo Oval or P. Sara or simply PSS is a multi - purpose stadium in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Blackfen School for Girls is a girls ' secondary school and sixth form with academy status , located in Blackfen in the London Borough of Bexley , England .
High Heaton is a small area of Newcastle upon Tyne in Tyne and Wear , England .
Pátio do Colégio ( in Portuguese School Yard , written in the archaic orthography Pateo do Collegio ) is the name given to the historical Jesuit church and school in the city of São Paulo , Brazil .
Astanjin ( Persian : استانجين‎ , also Romanized as Āstanjīn , Astānjīn , and Āstānajīn ; also known as Asnānjīn , Astaniya , and Āstatjīn ) is a village in Kaghazkonan - e Markazi Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Abbasabad - e Kheyrabad ( Persian : عباس ابادخيراباد‎ , also Romanized as ʿAbbāsābād - e Kheyrābād ) is a village in Salehabad Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yau Kom Tau ( Chinese : 油柑頭 ) is a geographical feature at the north shore of Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong .
The Old Union Meetinghouse , now the Union Baptist Church , is a historic church at 107 Mason Road in the Farmington Falls area of Farmington , Maine .
Mount Romeo is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 22 km ( 14 mi ) southwest of Sayward and 10 km ( 6 mi ) northeast of Mount Abel .
The Inglefield Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Buildwas Abbey is located along the banks of the River Severn in Buildwas , Shropshire , England , about two miles west of Ironbridge .
Delaware Valley High School in Milford , Pennsylvania , is the high school that serves grades 9 - 12 in the greater part of Pike County .
Skøelva or Skøelv is the second largest village in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county , Norway .
Lawndale Art Center is a non - profit space for the exhibition of contemporary works of art in all media , based in Houston , Texas , USA , focused on exhibiting work by Houston area artists .
Baltimore County Jail is a historic jail located at Towson in Baltimore County , Maryland , United States .
Merd - e Now ( Persian : مردنو‎‎ ; also known as Mardūnow and Merdūnū ) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Glinka Szlachecka ( ˈɡlinka ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Hayes railway station is a railway station located in Hayes in the London Borough of Bromley , south east London , England .
The Administration / Science Building , originally known as Science Hall , is a building on the campus of Arizona State University in Tempe , Arizona .
Sarab - e Seyyed Ali ( Persian : سراب صيدعلي‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Seyyed `` Alī and Sarab Seid Ali ) is a village in Doab Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 128 , in 23 families .
Nadlymanske ( Ukrainian : Надлиманське ; Russian : Надлиманское ) is a village in the Ovidiopolskyi Raion of the Odessa Oblast in Ukraine .
Archeological Site 38CK45 , also known as Locus 2 , is a historic archaeological site located near Gaffney , Cherokee County , South Carolina .
The Pleasanton Fault is a seismically active geological structure in Alameda County and Contra Costa County , California , USA .
Bonini ( pronounced ( bɔˈniːni ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Elayn Hunt Correctional Center ( EHCC ) is located in St. Gabriel , Louisiana , is a multi - security- level Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections institution for adult men .
Jellaz Cemetery ( also known as al - Jallaz ) is a large hillside Muslim cemetery in Tunis , Tunisia , established in the thirteenth century .
The Hartford Distributors shooting was a mass shooting that occurred on August 3 , 2010 , in Manchester , Connecticut , United States .
The Hinckley Institute of Politics is a bipartisan institute located on the University of Utah campus in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Zlataritsa Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Златарица ) is a small municipality ( obshtina ) in Veliko Tarnovo Province , Central - North Bulgaria , located in the area of the so - called Pre - Balkan north of Stara planina mountain .
Stadion Šubićevac is a small association football stadium in Šibenik , Croatia .
The Residences Providence ( formerly The Residences at the Westin ) is a high - rise residential tower in downtown Providence , Rhode Island designed by TRO Jung Brannen and developed by The Procaccianti Group .
Jir Zudel ( Persian : جيرزودل‎ , also Romanized as Jīr Zūdel ; also known as Zūdel Sar ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Frasnes - lez - Buissenal is a village in Frasnes - lez - Anvaing , a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Deep Water Bay ( Chinese : 深水灣 ) is a bay and residential area on the southern shore of Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong .
Osienniki ( ɔɕenˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Black River First Nation ( sometimes Little Black River First Nation ; Makadewaagamijiwanong in Ojibwe ) is an Ojibwa First Nation located around O'Hanley , Manitoba , along the O'Hanley and Black Rivers , on the eastern shore of Lake Winnipeg .
Osieki Lęborskie ( ɔˈɕɛki lɛmˈbɔrskʲɛ ) ( German : Osseken or Ossecken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cowie Island is a small island in Northern Saskatchewan , Canada ; surrounded by Cree Lake .
The Marlborough Center Historic District is a historic district encompassing the civic and commercial heart of Marlborough , Massachusetts .
Chateau Neuf is a building in Oslo , Norway that houses Det Norske Studentersamfund ( The Norwegian Students ' Society ) , including cafes , bars , performance centers , and other facilities for student assembly .
The Monash Freeway is a major urban freeway in Victoria , Australia , linking Melbourne 's CBD to its south - eastern suburbs and beyond to the Gippsland region .
Asnoti ( Kannada:ಅಸನೊತಿ ) is a village in Karwar Taluka , Uttara Kannada district , Karnataka , India .
Patchewollock is a town in north - west Victoria , Australia .
The River Gipping is the source river for the River Orwell in the county of Suffolk in East Anglia , England , which gave its name to the former Gipping Rural District and the village of Gipping .
Uppingham School is a co - educational independent school situated in the small market town of Uppingham in Rutland , England .
Saustrup ( Danish : Savstrup ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Elmers End is an area of south east London within the London Borough of Bromley , largely falling within the borders of Beckenham .
The Jardin botanique de la Roche Fauconnière is a private botanical garden located in the Parc de la Fauconnière , Cherbourg - Octeville , Manche , Basse - Normandie , France .
The Overtown Historic District ( also known as Blackbottom ) is a U.S. historic district ( designated as such on July 19 , 2002 ) located in Sarasota , Florida .
The Ibero - American Exposition of 1929 was a world 's fair held in Seville , Spain , from 9 May 1929 until 21 June 1930 .
Oswego Yacht Club , known now as the McCrobie Civic Center and for a time as the Naval Militia Building , is a historic clubhouse building located at Oswego in Oswego County , New York .
Newbiggin - by - the - Sea is a small town in Northumberland , England , lying on the North Sea coast .
Jamrzyno ( jamˈʐɨnɔ ) ( German Jamrin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Shotor Pa ( Persian : شترپا‎ , also Romanized as Shotor Pā ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Varnamad ( Persian : ورنمد‎‎ , also Romanized as Varnemad and Varne``mat ; also known as Varnamad - e Soflá ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 124 , in 30 families .
The Provo Tabernacle served as a tabernacle of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) from 1898 to 2010 in downtown Provo , Utah , United States .
Gavlimak ( Persian : گاوليماك‎ , also Romanized as Gāvlīmāk ) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Thomsen River , located in the Northwest Territories of Canada , is the northernmost usable river of the country .
Khan al - Asal ( Arabic : خان العسل‎ , also spelled Khan al - Assal ) is a district of Aleppo city in northern Syria .
The Villa Schutzenberger , also known as Hôtel Schutzenberger ( German : Schützenberger ) is an Art Nouveau hôtel particulier on allée de la Robertsau in the Neustadt district of Strasbourg , in the French department of the Bas - Rhin .
North Zulch High School is a 1A public high school located in unincorporated North Zulch , Texas ( USA ) .
The Great Northern Railway Underpass at Stanley , North Dakota is a concrete deck girder bridge that was built in 1937 .
Monroe Community College is a two - year college of the State University of New York , located in Monroe County , New York .
Mazeh Qola ( Persian : مازه قلا‎ , also Romanized as Māzeh Qolā ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sigam is a village in the district of Bharuch , in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Klonowo Dolne ( klɔˈnɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Garret Club is a historic woman 's clubhouse located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Czarnopole ( t͡ʂarnɔˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Glinik Zaborowski ( ˈɡlʲiɲik zabɔˈrɔfskʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów , within Strzyżów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sha Lo Wan ( Chinese : 沙螺灣 ) is a bay in the northwest Lantau Island , Hong Kong .
Gile ( ˈɡʲilɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Maude Kerns Art Center is a non - profit community center for the visual arts located in Eugene , Oregon .
Taghan ( Persian : تاغان‎ , also Romanized as Ţāghān and Ţāqān ) is a village in Darmian Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Towcester ( /ˈtoʊstə/ TOE - stə ) , the Roman town of Lactodorum , is an affluent market town in south Northamptonshire , England .
Adulis or Aduli ( Αδουλίς in Ancient Greek ) is an archeological site in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea , situated about 30 miles south of Massawa in the Gulf of Zula .
Burg Greifenstein is a castle in Lower Austria , Austria , overlooking the Danube .
The Bear Valley Strip Mine is an abandoned coal strip mine located in Coal Township , Northumberland County , to the southwest of the town of Shamokin , Pennsylvania .
Couëron ( Breton : Koeron ) is a commune in the Loire - Atlantique department in western France .
Katići ( Serbian : Катићи ) is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica , Serbia .
Aukarnersuaq Island ( old spelling : Aukarnerssuaq ) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Braeside Halt is a stopping place on the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man and is located on the first section of the inter - urban line a short distance from its southernmost terminus .
Gavan Darreh ( Persian : گوندره‎ , also Romanized as Gavandareh ; also known as Gevendere , Kavandaraq , Kūndareh , Kundarre , and Kundarreh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Emmanuel Church of the Evangelical Association of Binghamton , now Our Free Will Baptist Church , is a historic Evangelical church located at Binghamton in Broome County , New York .
Herarun ( Persian : هرارون‎ , also Romanized as Herārūn and Ḩerārūn ; also known as Aḩrāron , Aḩrārūn , and Hezārūn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Dąbrówka Malborska ( dɔmˈbrufka malˈbɔrska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
York River State Park is located near the unincorporated town of Croaker in James City County , Virginia on the south bank of the York River about 10 miles downstream from West Point .
The Santa Paula Hardware Company Building , located in Santa Paula , California , and more commonly referred to as the Union Oil Company Building , is significant for its historical importance as the birthplace of the Union Oil Company on October 17 , 1890 .
The John C. Freeman Weather Museum is a weather museum in the museum district of Houston , Texas .
Fatao is an urban commune and small town in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali .
Gesupur is a village and panchayat in Bulandshahr district , Meerut division , Uttar Pradesh , India , on the Kali River .
Ciermięcice ( t͡ɕɛrmjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) ( Czech : Trmantice , German : Türmitz or formerly Tirmanz ) is a village located in Poland , in the Opole Voivodeship , Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce .
Now Kasht ( Persian : نوكاشت‎ , also Romanized as Now Kāsht ) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Faramdeh ( Persian : فرامده‎ , also Romanized as Farāmdeh ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Shomali Rural District , Sorkhrud District , Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kissousa ( Greek : Κισσούσα ) is a small village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 2 km south of Malia .
The GAPA Launch Site and Blockhouse near Knolls in Tooele County , Utah dates from 1946 .
Kasos ( /ˈkɑːsoʊs/ ; also Kassos ; Greek : Κάσος ) is a Greek island municipality in the Dodecanese .
The King Sabata Dalindyebo Local Municipality is one of seven local municipalities within the Oliver Reginald Tambo District Municipality .
Ossówka - Kolonia ( ɔˈsːufka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The University of Arkansas ( often shortened to U of A , UARK , or just UA ) is a public , co - educational , land - grant , space - grant , research university located in Fayetteville , in the U.S. state of Arkansas .
Mard - e Khaneh ( Persian : مردخانه‎ , also Romanized as Mard - e Khāneh ; also known as Mard ) is a village in Dasht - e Zarrin Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Derryfield School is an independent college preparatory , coeducational high school and middle school located in Manchester , New Hampshire , United States .
Crathie Kirk is a small Church of Scotland parish church in the Scottish village of Crathie , best known for being the regular place of worship of the British Royal Family when they are holidaying at nearby Balmoral Castle .
The Yellow Springs Historic District is a large historic district that encompasses the majority of the village of Yellow Springs , Ohio , United States .
Ikeja is the state capital of Lagos State .
The N - Reactor was a water / graphite - moderated nuclear reactor constructed during the Cold War and operated by the U.S. government at the Hanford Site in Washington ; it began production in 1963 .
The Courtland Flats are an apartment building on Court Street in Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
McArthur Lake is located in Northern Ontario , about 40 km south of the city of Timmins .
Ratyshchi ( Ukrainian : Ра́тищі ; Polish : Ratyszcze ) is a village ( selo ) in the Zboriv Raion , Ternopil Oblast ( province in western Ukraine ) .
Galsan Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway .
The Springfield Grade Road was an early turnpike between Springfield , West Virginia and Capon Bridge , West Virginia .
A feature known as the Porcupine Hills is located in the Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba .
Neyzeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : نيزه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Neyzeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ashley and Bailey Silk Mill is a historic silk mill located at Marietta , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Taricharkalan is a town and a nagar panchayat in Tikamgarh district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
The Woodrow Wilson Presidential Library houses Woodrow Wilson materials from during and immediately after his lifetime , memoirs of those who worked with him , and governmental volumes concerning World War I. The library is located at the Woodrow Wilson Birthplace , at 18 - -24 North Coalter Street in Staunton , Virginia .
Jarczechowo ( jart͡ʂɛˈxɔvɔ ) ( German : Jarshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Sarab - e Suri ( Persian : سرابسوري‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Sūrī and Sarāb Sīrī ; also known as Sarāb - e Mīrī ) is a village in Azna Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Odalengo Piccolo ( dialect : Audalèng ) is a commune ( comune ) of the Province of Alessandria in the northwest Italian region Piedmont .
Horní Město ( German : Bergstadt ) is a town with 1009 inhabitants ( as of 1 January 2004 ) in Bruntál District in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
Vágáshuta ( Slovak : Vágašská Huta ) is a village in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary .
AKG Nagar is a residential locality within Peroorkada , Thiruvananthapuram ( Trivandrum ) in the Indian state of Kerala .
The Haggin Museum , is an art museum and local history museum in Stockton , San Joaquin County , California .
Shekar Bolagh ( Persian : شكربلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Shekar Bolāgh ) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Hatch Beauchamp is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Marulewy ( maruˈlɛvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Białobrzegi County ( Polish : powiat białobrzeski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Dodonovo ( Russian : Додоново ) is a village near Zheleznogorsk , Krasnoyarsk Krai .
Porażyn ( pɔˈraʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Chłopia Łąka ( ˈxwɔpja ˈwɔnka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Loiching is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing - Landau in Bavaria in Germany .
Woodmansterne railway station is ( only just ) in the London Borough of Croydon , Greater London , England , lying immediately east of the London / Surrey border .
Tang - e Siah ( Persian : تنگ سياه‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Sīāh ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Pearl Lake State Park , at the base of Hahn 's Peak , is in Routt County , Colorado near the town of Hahn 's Peak , Colorado and is north of Steamboat Springs .
Based on archeological finds , Brooman Point Village is an abandoned village in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
The Lantz Farm and Nature Preserve Wildlife Management Area is located on 555 acres ( 225 ha ) in Jacksonburg , east of Blacksville in Wetzel County , West Virginia .
The Ashford Academy is an historic school building on Fitts Road in Ashford , Connecticut .
Neduvasal ( நெடுவாசல் ) is a village in Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Klingnauer Stausee ( or `` Klingnau reservoir '' ) is a reservoir near Böttstein , canton of Aargau , Switzerland , at 47 ° 35′N 8 ° 14′E. The reservoir with a surface of 1.16 km² was formed at the construction of a power plant on the Aare river in the 1930s .
Combs - la - Ville is a commune in the south - eastern suburbs of Paris , in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France in north - central France .
Kendrick Mountain Wilderness is a 6,510-acre ( 26.3 km2 ) wilderness area in the U.S. State of Arizona .
Sefidan ( Persian : سفيدان‎ , also Romanized as Sefīdān ; also known as Mazra``eh - ye Sefīdān ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Round Lake High School , officially Round Lake Senior High School , and commonly RLHS , is a public four - year high school located in Round Lake , Illinois , a northern suburb of Chicago , in the United States .
The Original Town of Fernandina Historic Site , also known as `` Old Town '' , is a historic site in Fernandina Beach , Florida , located on Amelia Island .
Chahar Derakht ( Persian : چهاردرخت‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Derakht ) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District , Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Präzer Höhi ( also known as Mutta ) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps , situated near Thusis in the canton of Graubünden .
The BR-040 traverses Distrito Federal and the states of Goiás , Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro .
Mastki ( ˈmastki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Locus 7 Site is an archaeological site in Washington Township , Fayette County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Masłowice Trzebiatkowskie ( maswɔˈvit͡sɛ tʂɛbjatˈkɔfskʲɛ ) ( German : Klein Massowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchomie , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Conant Gardens is a neighborhood in northeast Detroit , Michigan .
Buenos Aires ( /ˈbweɪnəs ˈɛəriːz/ or /ˈaɪrɪs/ , Spanish : ( ˈbwenos ˈaiɾes ) ) is the capital and largest city of Argentina , and the second - largest metropolitan area in South America .
The 2020 International Eucharistic Congress will be the 52nd edition of the International Eucharistic Congress ( IEC ) which takes place in 2020 in Budapest , Hungary .
Narrow Hills Provincial Park is provincial park in Saskatchewan , Canada .
WJYK is a Contemporary Christian and Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Chase City , Virginia , serving Chase City and Northern Mecklenburg County , Virginia .
WYBZ is licensed to Crooksville , Ohio , and like many stations in the region , targets listeners in the nearby Zanesville , Ohio area including the following counties :
Old Malden is a ward of the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames in southwest London , 10 miles ( 16 km ) south west of Charing Cross .
Potato Creek State Park is an Indiana state park located in north central part of the U.S. state of Indiana about 12 miles ( 19 km ) southwest of South Bend .
The Lower Humbert Covered Bridge , or the Faidley Covered Bridge , is an 126-foot-6-inch ( 38.56 m ) Burr Arch truss covered bridge that crosses Laurel Hill Creek , in Lower Turkeyfoot Township , Somerset County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
Gladsaxe Stadium ( Danish : Gladsaxe Stadion ) is a sports center located in Søborg , Gladsaxe Municipality , in Copenhagen , which is primarily used for association football matches .
Eisingrug ( meaning : a place where corn was winnowed after husking ) is a rural hamlet near Harlech , Gwynedd , Wales .
The Kakuhan Range is a mountain range in southeastern Alaska , United States , located on the east side of the Lynn Canal south of Haines and north of Berners Bay which in turn is approximately 64 km ( 40 mi ) north of Juneau .
The Williston Basin is a large intracratonic sedimentary basin in eastern Montana , western North Dakota , South Dakota , and southern Saskatchewan , that is known for its rich deposits of petroleum and potash .
Boping ( Chinese : 博平镇 ) is a town in Chiping County , Liaocheng , in western Shandong province , China .
Łukanowice ( wukanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pfersee is a part of the city of Augsburg , Bavaria with some 25.000 inhabitants on the western shore of river Wertach .
Walby is a hamlet in the City of Carlisle District , in the county of Cumbria , England .
Huta Krempska ( ˈxuta ˈkrɛmpska ) ( Ukrainian : Гута Крампська , Huta Kramps’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Miłaczew Kolonia ( miˈwat͡ʂɛf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nelson railway station serves the town of Nelson in Lancashire , and is situated on the East Lancashire Line 2 miles ( 3 km ) away from the terminus at Colne .
Pileh Kuh ( Persian : پيله كوه‎ , also Romanized as Pīleh Kūh ; also known as Pīlkūh ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Palms Book State Park is a state park in Thompson Township , Schoolcraft County , in the eastern Upper Peninsula of Michigan .
Baghuyeh ( Persian : باغويه‎ , also Romanized as Bāghūyeh ; also known as Bāghu and Bāqū ) is a village in Moqam Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Spirit of Knowledge Charter School was a public charter school in Worcester , Massachusetts .
South Carleton High School is a high school situated in the southwestern sector of the city of Ottawa , in the town of Richmond , Ontario .
Schondorf am Ammersee is a municipality in the district Landsberg am Lech , Bavaria , Germany and is a member of the municipal association Schondorf am Ammersee The municipal association based in Schondorf .
Angels Camp Museum is a history museum located in Angels Camp , California , in the United States .
The Vasquez Peak Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located southwest of Winter Park , Colorado .
Landerd ( pronunciation ) is a municipality within the province of North Brabant in the southern Netherlands .
Pontymister ( Welsh : Pont - y - meistr ) is a small village in Caerphilly county borough in Wales .
Freese 's Tavern is a historic tavern and general store at the northwest corner of the junction of New Hampshire Routes 109 and 25 in Moultonborough , New Hampshire .
The Bangor Auditorium ( demolished 2013 ) was a 5,948 seat multipurpose arena located in downtown Bangor , Maine .
The Courthouse of American Samoa , formerly Administration Building , Navy No . 21 , is a historic building near Pago Pago Harbor in Fagatogo , American Samoa .
Northern Vance High School is a high school in North Carolina , located at 293 Warrenton Road in Henderson , North Carolina .
Bradford GO Station is a railway station and bus station in the GO Transit network located in Bradford , Ontario in Canada .
CHAR No.4 was a restaurant and whiskey bar located in the New York City neighborhood of Cobble Hill , Brooklyn , specializing in southern cuisine and noted for its large selection of Bourbon whiskey .
Skandinavisk Dyrepark ( Scandinavian Wildlife Park ) is a Danish zoo in Djursland , located in Syddjurs Municipality in Denmark .
The Hôtel de Suffren ( a.k.a . Hôtel Forbin d'Oppède ) is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix - en - Provence .
The International Preparatory School is a high school that serves grades 5 - 12 in the Lower West Side of Buffalo , New York .
Dunhua Road ( Chinese : 敦化路 ; pinyin : Dūnhuà Lù ) , consists of Dunhua North Road ( Chinese : 敦化北路 ) and Dunhua South Road ( Chinese : 敦化南路 ) , also called 12th Ave , is a major north - south arterial in Taipei , Taiwan .
Niederhöchstadt station is a junction station in the Niederhöchstadt district of the town of Eschborn in the German state of Hesse .
Schoenhof 's Foreign Books is a specialty bookstore in Cambridge , Massachusetts , near Harvard Square .
Miyan Ab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ميان آب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Newara is a village and a panchayat in the weir tehsil of the Bharatpur district in the state of Rajasthan , India .
The Carolina Theatre of Greensboro , North Carolina is Greensboro , North Carolina 's only remaining historic theatre .
Leadbetter Point is a point on the northwest coast of Pacific County in the state of Washington in the United States .
Woolen Goods Prairie Pumping Complex ( Persian : مجتمع تلمبه هائ كشاورزئ پشمينه زار‎ -- Mojtame ` Tolombeh Hāy Keshāvarzy Pashmīneh Zār ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sørkedalen is a valley located in the northwestern part of Oslo municipality , northwest of Oslo 's western suburbs , in Norway .
The Hotel on Rivington is a 20-story luxury hotel on Rivington Street between Ludlow and Essex Streets in the Downtown Manhattan .
Przeręba ( pʂɛˈrɛmba ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Birkeland Church ( Norwegian : Birkeland kirke or Nesttun kirke ) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The H. Russell Albee House is a dwelling in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Warnke Covered Bridge , also known as Warnke Bridge , is a historic covered bridge crossing Swamp Creek in Harrison Township , Preble County , Ohio , northeast of Lewisburg .
St James 's is a central district in London in the City of Westminster , forming part of the West End .
Bopolu is the capital city of Gbarpolu County , Liberia , and is located 100 kilometers north of Monrovia .
Johanniskreuz is a tiny hamlet in the middle of the Palatine Forest in Germany and belongs to the municipality of Trippstadt in the district of Kaiserslautern in the state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Tappeh - ye Hoseyn Khan ( Persian : تپه حسينخان‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh - ye Ḩoseyn Khān ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bradford District High School is a public , English - language secondary school located in Bradford , Ontario .
Pasrur ( Urdu : پسرُور‎ ) , is a city of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
West Bačka District ( Serbian : Западнобачки округ / Zapadnobački okrug ) is a northern district of Serbia .
Chociule ( xɔˈt͡ɕulɛ ) ( German : Kutschlau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Pyrmont Power Station was an electricity generating plant located in the Sydney suburb of Pyrmont , New South Wales .
The Crawford House Artist 's Studio ( also known as the Frank Shapleigh Studio ) is a historic studio building in Carroll , New Hampshire .
Lakeville North High School ( LNHS ) is a public high school in northern Lakeville , Minnesota .
The Sarah Davidson Apartment Block is a historic commercial and multifamily residential building at 3 Gaylord Street in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Kyadigera ( Kannada : ಕ್ಯಾದಿಗೆರಾ ) is a village in Devadurga taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Cole Bay is a northern hamlet in Saskatchewan 's northern boreal forest .
Woesten is a rural Belgian village in the Vleteren municipality of West Flanders province .
The Danville station , also known as Danville Southern Railway Passenger Depot , is a historic train station in Danville , Virginia .
Sand Hutton is a village and forms the larger part of the Claxton and Sand Hutton civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England , about 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) north - east of York .
Raulyana is a small village in Bageshwar District , of Uttarakhand state in northern India .
Mazraeh - ye Mallu ( Persian : مزرعه ملو‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Mallū ; also known as Mallū ) is a village in Khuzi Rural District , Varavi District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 36 , in 6 families .
The Wind River Experimental Forest is an ecological and silvicultural research in Stabler , Washington , in the United States .
Borynia ( Ukrainian : Бо́риня ) is an urban - type settlement in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast ( region ) of western Ukraine along the flow of the Stryi River .
Idlewild and Soak Zone , commonly known as Idlewild Park or simply Idlewild , is a family amusement park situated in the Laurel Highlands near Ligonier , Pennsylvania , United States , about 50 miles ( 80 km ) east of Pittsburgh , along US Route 30 .
The Jimmye Laycock Football Center ( JLFC ) is a football facility for The College of William & Mary Tribe in Williamsburg , Virginia , USA .
Czajowice ( t͡ʂajɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Wieś , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The William T. Young Library , located on the campus of the University of Kentucky in Lexington , is named for William T. Young , a prominent local businessman , horse breeder , philanthropist and alumnus of the university , who began fund raising efforts with a donation of $ 5 million .
Aghkand - e Samaraq ( Persian : اغكندثمرق‎ , also Romanized as Āgh Kand - e S̄amaraq ; also known as Āqkand - e S̄amaraq ) is a village in Qareh Naz Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lolawas is small village southeast of Jodhpur in Jodhpur District of Rajasthan , India .
Mischelbach a district of Pleinfeld in Bavaria , in the governmental district Central Franconia and administrative district Weißenburg - Gunzenhausen .
Kalleh - ye Yari ( Persian : كله ياري‎ , also Romanized as Kalleh - ye Yārī ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Goffstown Main Street Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic 19th - century center of Goffstown , New Hampshire .
Lungotevere dei Sangallo is the stretch of lungotevere between ponte Mazzini and ponte Principe Amedeo Savoia Aosta , in Rome , rioni Ponte and Regola .
KHKK is the call sign of The Hawk , a radio station licensed to Modesto , California with studios located in Stockton , California .
Anchor Bay School District is a school district in Michigan , serving portions of southern St. Clair and eastern Macomb Counties .
Menokin , also known as Francis Lightfoot Lee House , was the plantation of Francis Lightfoot Lee near Warsaw , Virginia .
Øvre Pasvik National Park ( Norwegian : Øvre Pasvik nasjonalpark , Northern Sami : Báhčaveaji Álbmotmeahcci ) is located in the southeastern part of the Pasvikdalen valley in southern Sør - Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Château de Salignac is the former castle of the Salignac - Fénelon family in the commune of Salignac - Eyvigues in the Dordogne département of France .
Trenton and Mercer County War Memorial - Soldiers ' and Sailors ' Memorial Building , known as the Trenton War Memorial is located in Trenton , Mercer County , New Jersey , United States .
Kariana is a small village in Amreli District in the state of Gujarat , India .
Tosin ( ˈtɔɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Fritzlar is a small German town ( pop . 15,000 ) in the Schwalm - Eder district in northern Hesse , 160 km ( 99 mi ) north of Frankfurt , with a storied history .
Świsłoczany ( ɕfiswɔˈt͡ʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Lenzerheide ( Romansh : Lai ) is a mountain resort in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
Tornaveen ( Scottish Gaelic : Tòrr nam Fiann ) is a district to the north of the small village of Lumphanan , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Lager Heuberg ( Camp Heuberg ) ( 48 ° 9′N 9 ° 1′E ) is a Bundeswehr quarters located in the southern corner of the Truppenübungsplatz Heuberg ( Heuberg military training area ) in ( Baden - Württemberg ) , near the city of Stetten am kalten Markt .
Winnisquam Lake is located in Belknap County in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire , United States , in the communities of Meredith , Laconia , Sanbornton , Belmont , and Tilton .
Annetów ( anˈnɛtuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dawson College is an English - language Collège d’enseignement général et professionnel ( CEGEP ) located in Westmount , Quebec .
Scotforth is a civil parish and a suburb in the south of the city of City of Lancaster in Lancashire , England .
Galatro ( Greek : Galotyrion ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria .
The Monopol Hotel is a five - star hotel located at Helena Modrzejewska street , Wrocław .
Shiraj Mahalleh - ye Bozorg ( Persian : شيرج محله بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Shīraj Maḩalleh - ye Bozorg ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Skorzów ( ˈskɔʐuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko - Zdrój , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Geshnizuiyeh ( Persian : گشنيزوييه‎ , also Romanized as Geshnīzū’īyeh ; also known as Gīshnīzū’īyeh ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The South Fork Elk River is a 13.5-mile - long ( 21.7 km ) stream in Colorado in the United States .
The Savage River Reservoir is a 360 acres ( 1.5 km2 ) storage reservoir in northwest Maryland .
Rychłowiec ( rɨˈxwɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnia , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Stachlew ( ˈstaxlɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kuti Bazar ( Persian : كوتي بازار‎ , also Romanized as Kūtī Bāzār ) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District , Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Killorglin ( Irish : Cill Orglan ) is a town in County Kerry , South West of Rep. of Ireland .
Hoseynabad - e Narkhovah ( Persian : حسين ابادهنرخواه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Narkhovāh ; also known as Hosein Abad Ab Barikoo , Ḩoseynābād , and Ḩoseynābād - e Āb Bārīkū ) is a village in Najafabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wutai County ( Chinese : 五台县 ) is a county under the administration of Xinzhou prefecture - level city of Shanxi Province in northern China .
Pima Canyon is a major canyon located in the Santa Catalina Mountains , north of Catalina Foothills and Tucson , Arizona , USA .
The development of Greater Kailash - I was followed by the expansion of the more acclaimed Greater Kailash Part II , which has easier accessibility to the Outer Ring Road of New Delhi .
Wola Bałucka ( ˈvɔla baˈwut͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Thusis ( Italian : Tosana , Romansh : Tusàn ) is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Dizmar - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ديزمارغربي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Siah Rud District , Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Monvalle is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northwest of Milan and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) west of Varese .
Cassington is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire about 5 miles ( 8 km ) northwest of Oxford .
Ondiep is a working - class district in northwest Utrecht , Netherlands , between the river Vecht and Amsterdamsestraatweg street .
Deutsch - Wagram ( literally `` German - Wagram '' ) is a town in Austria , in the Gänserndorf District of the federal state of Lower Austria .
Freyenstein is a former small town in Brandenburg , Germany .
Sinsini is a village in Bharatpur district in Rajasthan , India , situated 20 km to the south from Deeg .
Dzieżno ( ˈd͡ʑeʐnɔ ) ( German : Emmashof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Winn Memorial Library / Woburn Public Library ( 1876 - 79 ) is a National Historic Landmark in Woburn , Massachusetts .
Guyi Garden ( Chinese : 古猗园 ; pinyin : Gǔyī Yuán ) is a classical Chinese garden in the town of Nanxiang in the suburban Jiading District of Shanghai , China .
Jiangchuan District ( Chinese : 江川区 ; pinyin : Jiāngchuān Qū ) is located in Yuxi , Yunnan , China .
Krajewo - Łętowo ( kraˈjɛvɔ wɛnˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Keystone Resort is the largest ski resort in Summit County located in Keystone , Colorado , United States .
The James B. Stephens House is a house located in southeast Portland , Oregon , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Darreh Dang ( Persian : دره دنگ‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Dang ) is a village in Zaz - e Gharbi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hajjiabad - e Bala ( Persian : حاجي ابادبالا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Bālā ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Abqah ( Persian : ابقه‎ , also Romanized as Ābqah and Āb Qeh ; also known as Ābgheh , Āgha , and Aqah ) is a village in Karat Rural District , in the Central District of Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tinsukia district ( Pron:ˌtɪnˈsʊkiə ) ( Assamese : তিনিচুকীয়া জিলা ) is one of the 27 administrative districts in the state of Assam , India .
The headland of Cape Anguille is near the community of Cape Anguille , Newfoundland and Labrador ( where the community takes its name ) at the west coast of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Wiązownica - Kolonia ( vjɔ̃zɔvˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a colony in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Budy Kozickie ( ˈbudɨ kɔˈʑit͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Baba Pir Ali ( Persian : باباپيرعلي‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Pīr `` Alī ) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 744 , in 223 families .
Masha - ye 33 Jahadabad ( Persian : مشاع 33جهاداباد‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 33 Jahādābād ) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Nowa Ciświca ( ˈnɔva t͡ɕiɕˈfit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Black Balsam Knob , also known as Black Balsam Bald , is in the Pisgah National Forest southwest of Asheville , North Carolina , near milepost 420 on the Blue Ridge Parkway .
Ajan Yili ( Persian : اجن يلي‎ , also Romanized as Ājan Yīlī ) is a village in Aq Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Bohnabad ( Persian : بهن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Bohnābād and Buhnābād ; also known as Bonābād and Bahmanābād ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Fort Tombecbe ( Fort de Tombecbé ) , also spelled Tombecbee and Tombeché , was a stockade fort located on the Tombigbee River near the border of French Louisiana , in what is now Sumter County , Alabama .
Bolesławek ( bɔlɛˈswavɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dowband - e Shahniz ( Persian : دوبندشهنيز‎ , also Romanized as Dowband - e Shahnīz ; also known as Dowband ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Shanghe County ( simplified Chinese : 商河县 ; traditional Chinese : 商河縣 ; pinyin : Shānghé Xiàn ) is under the administration of Jinan , the capital of Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Mead Memorial Chapel is a historic Episcopal chapel at 2 Chapel Road in the hamlet of Waccabuc , town of Lewisboro , Westchester County , New York .
Watson Island is a neighborhood and man - made island in Biscayne Bay , in Miami , Florida , United States .
Bendinat is a seaside village in the municipality of Calvià on the west coast of the island of Majorca , part of the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands .
Ślepie ( ˈɕlɛpjɛ ) ( German : Schlöppen ; until 1938 : Schlepien ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pine Manor College ( PMC ) is a private , liberal arts college located in Chestnut Hill , a suburb of Boston , Massachusetts .
Qusajin ( Persian : قوسجين‎ , also Romanized as Qūsajīn ; also known as Gūsūn , Qūsajan , and Qūsūn ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Shomali Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
O'Brien 's Bridge or O'Briensbridge ( Irish : Droichead Uí Bhriain ) is a village in east County Clare , Ireland , on the west bank of the River Shannon , in a civil parish of the same name .
Reiff Farm is a historic home and farm complex located in Oley Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Białczyk ( ˈbjau̯t͡ʂɨk ) ( German : Neu Balz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica , within Gorzów County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Rehaliya is situated in Sheo tehsil and located in Barmer district of Rajasthan , India .
McKissick Island ( also known as McKissick 's Island ) is a former 5,000 acre island in the Missouri River that is part of Nemaha County , Nebraska but is now east of Nebraska 's normal eastern border and can only be reached by land from Nebraska by first going through Iowa and Missouri .
Linów - Leśniczówka ( ˈlinuf lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Fayette School , also known as William C. Jacobs School and Politz Hebrew Academy , is a historic school building located in the Bustleton neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
WJGA - FM ( 92.1 FM ) broadcasts from Jackson , Georgia , on 92.1 MHz at 3,000 watts ERP .
Amisfield Tower is a well - preserved tower house near Tinwald , about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Dumfries , in Dumfries and Galloway , south - west Scotland .
The William Henry Seward Memorial is located along Main Street ( NY 17A/94 ) in downtown Florida , New York .
Deraz Lat - e Bala ( Persian : درازلات بالا‎ , also Romanized as Derāz Lāt - e Bālā ; also known as Derāz Lāt ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Oakland Aviation Museum , formerly called Western Aerospace Museum , was founded in 1981 as a non - profit organization operating an aviation museum located at North Field of Oakland International Airport in Oakland , California .
The Lady Pepperrell House is a historic house on State Route 103 , opposite the Congregational church , in Kittery Point , Maine , United States .
Nadrożne ( naˈdrɔʐnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
901 New York Avenue NW is a high - rise Postmodern high - rise located in Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
Simlibass is a village located in the state of Haryana , India , close to the Bhiwani Haryana district .
Ocean Park Hong Kong , commonly known as Ocean Park , is a marine mammal park , oceanarium , animal theme park and amusement park , situated in Wong Chuk Hang and Nam Long Shan in the Southern District of Hong Kong .
The Fine Arts Work Center is a non - profit enterprise devoted to encouraging the growth and development of emerging visual artists and writers through residency programs , to the propagation of aesthetic values and experience , and to the restoration of the year - round vitality of the historic art colony of Provincetown , Massachusetts .
Houses at 1907 - 1951 N. 32nd St. , also known as Mansion Court , are a set of 12 historic double houses located in the Strawberry Mansion neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Colter Bay Village is a developed area of Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , USA .
Llansanffraid Glyndyfrdwy is a former civil parish in the Edeirnion area of Denbighshire in Wales .
Khaljuy ( Persian : خلجوي‎ , also Romanized as Khaljūy ) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Yüreğir is a district and a municipality in the Adana Province of Turkey .
Sarıkamış is a town and a district of Kars Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey and has very long winters .
Dołęgi ( dɔˈwɛnɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Poke - O - Moonshine Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire lookout tower on Poke - O - Moonshine Mountain at Chesterfield in Essex County , New York .
Port St Mary ( Manx : Purt le Moirrey ) is a village district located in the south of the Isle of Man .
The 23rd Regiment Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at 1322 Bedford Avenue between Atlantic Avenue and Pacific Street in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York City .
Congregational Church Of Austinburg ( also known as The First United Church of Christ , Austinburg ) is a historic congregational church on OH 307 in Austinburg , Ohio .
Do Khaleh Kuh ( Persian : دخاله كوه‎ , also Romanized as Do Khāleh Kūh ) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Shire of Donald was a local government area about 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) west - northwest of Bendigo , in western Victoria , Australia .
Bob 's Big Boy is a restaurant chain that Bob Wian founded in Southern California in 1936 , originally named Bob 's Pantry .
Baurci ( Gagauz : Baurçu ; Russian : Баурчи / Baurci ) is a commune and village in Moldova , located in the autonomous territorial unit Gagauzia , 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) west of the city of Ceadâr - Lunga .
B. B. Martin Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Centre Presbyterian Church , Session House and Cemeteries is a historic Presbyterian church , session house , and cemetery located near Mount Mourne , Iredell County , North Carolina ( Mooresville , North Carolina ) .
Greyledge is a historic home and national historic district located near Buchanan , Botetourt County , Virginia .
Fairbanks International Airport ( IATA : FAI , ICAO : PAFA , FAA LID : FAI ) is a state - owned public - use airport located three miles ( 5 km ) southwest of the central business district of Fairbanks , a city in the Fairbanks North Star Borough of the United States .
The Keystone Generating Station is a 1,711 MW baseload coal - fired power plant located on roughly 1,500 acres ( 610 ha ) in Plumcreek Township , southeastern Armstrong County , Pennsylvania near Crooked Creek , just west of Shelocta , Pennsylvania .
Emamzadeh Taqi ( Persian : امامزاده تقي‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Taqī and Emāmzādehtaqī ) is a village in Gasht Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Tijuana River ( Spanish : Río Tijuana ) is an intermittent river , 120 mi ( 195 km ) long , near the Pacific coast of northern Baja California state in northwestern Mexico and Southern California in the western United States .
Cava del Rivettazzo ( Italian : `` Quarry of Rivettazzo '' ) is a Sicel necropolis located about 4 km north of Solarino on the SP 28 to Sortino .
Pere Marquette Beach in Muskegon , Michigan is a 27.5-acre ( 11.1 ha ) park comprising 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) of public beach on Lake Michigan .
Seven Stories - The National Centre for Children 's Books in the United Kingdom is based in the Ouseburn Valley , Newcastle upon Tyne , close to the city 's newly regenerated quayside .
Inussulik Bay ( Greenlandic : Inussullip Imaa , old spelling : Inugsugdlip Imâ ) is a bay in the Upernavik Archipelago in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Museo Storico Alfa Romeo ( Alfa Romeo Historical Museum ; subsequently called Museo Alfa Romeo - La macchina del tempo , literally Alfa Romeo Museum - The time machine ) is Alfa Romeo 's official museum , located in Arese ( Milan ) , and displaying a permanent collection of Alfa Romeo cars and engines .
Łąki Bratiańskie ( ˈwɔnki braˈtjaɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The New World Centre ( Chinese : 新世界中心 ) was a shopping centre , apartment complex and office building on Salisbury Road , Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Phillips University was a private , coeducational institution of higher education located in Enid , Oklahoma , United States , from 1906 to 1998 .
Liederbach am Taunus is a town in Hesse , Germany with 8500 inhabitants .
Komdarreh ( Persian : كمدره‎ ) is a village in Dasht - e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Emily Carr Secondary School is a high school in Woodbridge , Ontario , Canada , part of the city of Vaughan .
Long Meadow Grove , also known by some as Redwood Meadow Grove , is a giant sequoia grove in California which offers a half mile interpretive trail , Trail of 100 Giants , through majestic mature sequoias .
River Rise Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park , located six miles north of High Springs , off U.S. Route 441 within O'Leno State Park .
The Old Killingly High School is a historic school building on 185 Broad Street in the Danielson section of Killingly , Connecticut .
Nofut ( Persian : نفوت‎ , also Romanized as Nofūt and Nafūt ; also known as Neqūt and Nufut ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kwai Tsing Theatre ( Chinese : 葵青劇院 ) is a major performance venue in Kwai Tsing District , New Territories , Hong Kong .
The Sturgeon Bay Post Office , located at 359 Louisiana Ave . , is the main post office in Sturgeon Bay , Wisconsin , United States .
Bescot is an area of Walsall in the West Midlands of England .
Azghan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آذغان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kabud Kalayeh ( Persian : كبودكلايه‎ , also Romanized as Kabūd Kalāyeh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Uivar ( German : Neuburg an der Bega ; Hungarian : Újvár ) is a commune in Timiș County , Romania .
Oberharz am Brocken is a town in the Harz District , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
In 1987 the TAB purchased 6PR to secure the future of race broadcasts in Western Australia and races were broadcast across the station during popular talkback programs .
The Sunbury Industrial School located on Jackson 's Hill in Sunbury , Victoria , Australia , was a school developed to educate and house destitute children from 1864 until 1879 .
Mohawk Airlines Flight 411 , a Fairchild FH-227B twin - engine turboprop , registered N7811 M , was a scheduled domestic passenger service operated by Mohawk Airlines , between Albany and Glens Falls , New York .
Kushk - e Aqa Jan ( Persian : كوشك اقاجان‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk - e Āqā Jān and Keveshk - e Āqā Jān ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Koh Kong District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកោះកុង ) is a district ( srok ) of Koh Kong Province , in south - western Cambodia .
Qiongzhu Temple , or Bamboo Temple ( Chinese : 筇竹寺 ; pinyin : Qióngzhú Sì ) , is a Buddhist temple situated on Yu'an Mountain ( Chinese : 玉案山 ; pinyin : Yùàn Shān ) to the northwest of Kunming , Yunnan , China .
The Copper Country is an area in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States , including all of Keweenaw County , Michigan and most of Houghton , Baraga and Ontonagon counties .
Low Worsall is a small village and civil parish in Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England , near High Worsall and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) west of Yarm .
Traquair House , approximately 7 miles southeast of Peebles , is claimed to be the oldest continually inhabited house in Scotland .
CHLG - FM ( 104.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada and serving the Metro Vancouver area and its studios are located in Richmond , with its transmitter located at Mount Seymour .
West Kowloon Terminus ( WKT ) is the terminus of the Hong Kong Section of Guangzhou--
NorthStar Center was a young adult therapeutic transition and relapse prevention program , located in Bend , Oregon , owned and operated by Aspen Education Group for young adults ages 171⁄2 to 24 for treatment of substance abuse and addiction .
Henbury Village Hall was built as a school in the Henbury area of Bristol , England .
Enebyberg is a suburban area of Stockholm , Sweden , part of Danderyd Municipality , Stockholm County .
Sarajuq ( Persian : ساراجوق‎ , also Romanized as Sārājūq ) is a village in Torkaman Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rev. Joshua Vaughan House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
The town is located several kilometres to the southeast of the small settlement of Cikelet , although it is Cikelet which is the administrative centre of the Cikelet Subdistrict of the Garut Regency which Pameungpeuk is administered by .
Milton R. Young Power Plant is a coal - fired power plant located in Oliver County , near Center , North Dakota .
Księży Lasek ( ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɨ ˈlasɛk ) ( German : Fürstenwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pinkie House is a historic house , built around a three - storey tower house located in Musselburgh , East Lothian , Scotland .
Wólka Jeżewska ( ˈvulka jɛˈʐɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Black Hawk State Historic Site , in Rock Island , Illinois , occupies much of the historic site of the village of Saukenuk , the home of a band of Native Americans of the Sauk nation .
Rivercrest is a neighborhood in the northern area of Tampa , Florida , which represents District 6 of the Tampa City Council .
Cogliate ( Milanese dialect : San Dalmazi ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy , located 29 kilometres ( 18 mi ) northwest of Milan .
Salaq Yelqi ( Persian : سلاق يلقي‎ , also Romanized as Salāq Yelqī and Salāq Yolqī ; also known as Yelqī ) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District , in the Central District of Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Shumia ( Persian : شوميا‎ , also Romanized as Shūmīā , Shoomiya , and Shūmīyā ; also known as Shūmā ) is a village in Ahlamerestaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Everett Mountains are a mountain range located at Frobisher Bay on southern Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Gurab Javar ( Persian : گوراب جوار‎ , also Romanized as Gūrāb Javār ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Delah Khani ( Persian : دله خاني‎ , also Romanized as Delah Khānī and Daleh Khānī ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wydrowice ( vɨdrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gur - e Barj Ali ( Persian : گوربرجعلي‎ , also Romanized as Gūr - e Barj `` Alī ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Williams Grove Speedway is a half - mile automobile dirt racing track located in Mechanicsburg , Pennsylvania , USA .
Sarabendrarajanpattinam also called Mallipattinam is a coastal village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Tristan Island or the Île Tristan is located at the mouth of the Pouldavid Estuary off the French port of Douarnenez in south - western Brittany .
Czarniecka Góra ( t͡ʂarˈɲet͡ska ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Coastal Transitional Center is a minimum security prison located in Savannah , Georgia in Chatham County , Georgia .
The Canadian Museum of Rail Travel , or its brand name `` Trains Deluxe '' , is located in Cranbrook , British Columbia , Canada , a city of about 25,000 on the west side of the Rocky Mountains .
Umpqua National Forest , in southern Oregon 's Cascade Range , covers an area of 983,129 acres ( 3,978.58 km2 ) in Douglas , Lane , and Jackson counties , and borders Crater Lake National Park .
The Eagles Nest Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in the Gore Range near Vail , Copper Mountain , Frisco , Silverthorne , and Heeney , in Summit and Eagle Counties Colorado .
Grand Central Plaza ( Chinese : 新城市中央廣場 ) is a commercial development located near the town centre of Sha Tin , Hong Kong .
The Zane Grey Museum in Lackawaxen Township , Pennsylvania , United States , is a former residence of the author Zane Grey and is now maintained as a museum and operated by the National Park Service ( NPS ) .
LaRoe Family Homestead Historic District is a historic district in Eustis , Florida , near the corner of West County Road 44 and East Orange Avenue .
Strączno ( ˈstrɔnt͡ʂnɔ ) ( German : Stranz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Zulia Canton was a canton in Maracaibo Province , Zulia Department , Gran Colombia .
the governing board of Emmet County voted to purchase the McGulpin Point Lighthouse and 11.5 acres ( 4.7 ha ) of surrounding lakefront property , including 336 feet ( 102 m ) of Lake Michigan footage , and some adjacent property for visitor parking , for $ 720,000 .
Kleszczyniec ( klɛʂˈt͡ʂɨɲɛt͡s ) ( German Kleschinz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Omm ol Helianeh ( Persian : ام الحليانه‎ , also Romanized as Omm ol Helīāneh ; also known as Om Helyāneh , Om Helyāneh - ye Now , Omm - e Halyāneh , and Ommoḩleyāneh ) is a village in Veys Rural District , Veys District , Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Union Library Company is a historic library building located at Hatboro , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Bagh - e Malek ( Persian : باغ‌ملک‎ ; also Romanized as Bāgh - e Malek , Bagh - i - Malik , and Bagh Malek ) is a city in and the capital of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Philips - Thompson Buildings was a set of two historic commercial buildings located at Wilmington , New Castle County , Delaware .
Dormitz is a Bavarian municipality in the district of Forchheim ( Upper Franconia ) , and the administrative headquarters of the Dormitz community , which includes the parishes of Kleinsendelbach and Hetzles .
Cashman Field is a stadium in Las Vegas , Nevada owned and operated by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority .
Red Bluff Municipal Airport ( IATA : RBL , ICAO : KRBL , FAA LID : RBL ) is two miles south of Red Bluff in Tehama County , California .
The David Van Gelder Octagon House , also known as Springside is located at 21 Walnut Street in Catskill , New York .
Spitz Stadium is a stadium in the Henderson Park of Lethbridge , Alberta , Canada .
Porto Torres ( Sassarese : Posthudorra , Sardinian : Pòrtu Turre ) is a comune and city in northern Sardinia , in the Province of Sassari .
Florynki ( flɔˈrɨnki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
KDXN is a radio station based in Dickinson , North Dakota ( licensed to South Heart , North Dakota ) , and is owned by Totally Amped , LLC . The station is broadcasts a broad - based Adult Contemporary format .
Kirtlington is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire about 6 1⁄2 miles ( 10.5 km ) west of Bicester .
Golpayegan County ( Persian : شهرستان گلپایگان‎ ) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran .
Mikitamäe Parish ( Estonian : Mikitamäe vald ) is a rural municipality of Estonia , in Põlva County .
Magnificat High School is a Catholic all - girls college preparatory high school located in Rocky River , Ohio , a residential suburb west of Cleveland , Ohio .
Kasrawad is a town and nagar panchayat in Khargone district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Cujmir is a commune in Mehedinți County , Romania , with 3,834 inhabitants as of 2002 .
The Parkman Tavern is an historic tavern ( now a private residence ) at 20 Powder Mill Road in Concord , Massachusetts .
Kosi Bay is a series of four interlinked lakes in the Maputaland area of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Legion Stadium is a 6,000 seat stadium located in Wilmington , North Carolina .
Baghabad ( Persian : باغ اباد‎ , also Romanized as Bāghābād ) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahallat County , Markazi Province , Iran .
All the seven assembly segments of No . 40 Asansol ( Lok Sabha constituency ) are in Bardhaman district .
Healdsburg Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : KHES ) is a public airport located three miles ( 4.8 km ) northwest of Healdsburg , serving Sonoma County , California , USA .
Portales Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KPRZ , FAA LID : PRZ ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) southwest of the central business district of Portales , a city in Roosevelt County , New Mexico , United States .
Grand River National Grassland is a National Grassland in northwestern South Dakota , USA .
Patagones Partido is the southernmost partido of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Jordan School District was the largest of Utah school districts ( before splitting in 2009 ) , It now employs 2,631 teachers and other licensed personnel who educate more than 48,000 students .
Gourangkocha is a town in the Ichagarh block of Seraikela Kharsawan district of Jharkhand .
Taqrachullu , Pukara Taqrachullu , T'akrachullu , Pukara T'akrachullu ( Quechua t'akra uncultivated land , an infertile or rocky piece of land , chullu spur of land which ends in the confluence of two rivers / something soaked ) or María Fortaleza is an archaeological site in Peru .
The Crockett County Courthouse is a historic courthouse built in 1902 at 907 Ave D , Ozona , Texas , United States .
Elmendorf Air Force Base ( IATA : EDF , ICAO : PAED , FAA LID : EDF ) is a United States military facility in Anchorage , the largest city in Alaska .
Walnut Hall was a row of four Georgian - style terraced homes in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Verrado High School is a high school in the Verrado community of Buckeye , Arizona , United States under the jurisdiction of the Agua Fria Union High School District .
The Shire of Chapman Valley is a local government area located in the Mid West region of Western Australia , immediately northeast of the city of Geraldton and about 440 kilometres ( 273 mi ) north of Perth , the state capital .
Wola Gródecka ( ˈvɔla ɡruˈdɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Borogovo ( Cyrillic : Борогово ) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Surhuizum ( West Frisian : Surhuzum ) is a village in Achtkarspelen in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Itá Enramada is the southernmost neighbourhood ( barrio ) of Asunción , Paraguay .
Alefabad ( Persian : الف اباد‎ , also Romanized as Alefābād ) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District , Siah Rud District , Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Forster Hotel , built in 1870 and expanded in 1913 , is a property on the National Register of Historic Places in Mendon , Utah .
Wola Mokrzeska ( ˈvɔla mɔˈkʂɛska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyrów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Doubleday Field is a baseball stadium in Cooperstown , New York named for Abner Doubleday and located two village blocks from the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum .
Clarkson Secondary School is a high school located in the Clarkson community of Mississauga , Ontario , Canada ; designated Ward 18 by the Peel District School Board .
CKBC - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Bathurst , New Brunswick at 104.9 MHz with an effective radiated power of 33,500 watts .
St Mary Aldermary is an Anglican church in Bow Lane in the City of London .
Palotina is a municipality in western Paraná state , located around 60 kilometers from the border with Paraguay .
Chavani Ab Bahar ( Persian : چاونی آب‌بهار‎ , also Romanized as Chāvanī Āb Bāhār ; also known as Chāvanī Bāhār Āb ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Deh Now - e Milas ( Persian : دهنوميلاس‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Mīlās and Deh Now - ye Mīlās ) is a village in Milas Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Eslamabad - e Do ( Persian : اسلام اباددو‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Do ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Kut - e Abdollah Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kelurahan Sampangan is a village in the Gajahmungkur district within the municipality of Kota Semarang in Central Java , Indonesia .
Błudowo ( bwuˈdɔvɔ ) ( German Bludau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Guangdong Olympic Tennis Centre ( Chinese : 广州亚运会网球馆中心 ; now known as the Aoti Tennis Centre due to naming rights ) is a tennis centre located in Guangzhou , China .
Łosiewice ( wɔɕɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mountain Meadows Reservoir is an artificial lake , located in Lassen County , California .
Eastham Public Library is the public library of Eastham , Massachusetts that has been serving the community for over 130 years .
J. Sterling Morton High School East Auditorium , also known as Chodl Auditorium , is a Beaux - Arts building in Cicero , Illinois that was built in 1925 .
Palang Kuh ( Persian : پلنگ كوه‎‎ , also Romanized as Palang Kūh ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Cuyahoga County Juvenile Detention Center ( CCJDC ) is a youth detention center located in Cleveland , Ohio .
The Mount Horeb Earthworks Complex is an Adena culture group of earthworks in Fayette County , Kentucky .
Stara Litwa ( ˈstara ˈlitfa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Forks High School ( also FHS ) is a comprehensive Washington public high school on South Spartan Avenue in the city of Forks , Washington , serving grades 9 - 12 in the Quillayute Valley School District .
Zhanglu ( Chinese : 张鲁镇 ) is a town in Shen County , Liaocheng , in western Shandong province , China .
Licensed to Horseshoe Bend , Arkansas , USA , the station is currently owned by WRD Entertainment , Inc. KKIK 's sister station is KAAB in Batesville , Arkansas .
Pothavaram is a village in Nallajerla Mandal , West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh State , India . Tadepalligudem is around 30 km from here
Lubanowo ( lubaˈnɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Gut Liebenow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Prospect Hill Missionary Baptist Church ( Prospect Hill Baptist Church ) is a historic Baptist church building at 1601 Buena Vista in San Antonio , Texas .
Faqestan ( Persian : فقستان‎ , also Romanized as Faqestān and Fāqestān ) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Inner London is the name for the group of London boroughs which form the interior part of Greater London and are surrounded by Outer London .
KPAT is a commercial radio station broadcasting to the Santa Maria , California , area on 95.7 FM .
The John Muir Trail ( JMT ) is a long - distance trail in the Sierra Nevada mountain range of California , passing through Yosemite , Kings Canyon and Sequoia National Parks .
Giants Stadium was a stadium located in East Rutherford , New Jersey , in the Meadowlands Sports Complex .
WCIR - FM ( 103.7 FM ) is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Beckley , West Virginia , USA , serving Southern West Virginia .
Kennebago Divide is a mountain located in Maine 's Franklin and Oxford counties .
Hampton Christian Schools ( HCS ) is a Preschool-12 Christian school located in Hampton , Virginia , United States .
Salim Sara ( Persian : سليم سرا‎ , also Romanized as Salīm Sarā ) is a village in Bibalan Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Swanbourne Hospital is a heritage listed former mental hospital located in Mount Claremont , Western Australia .
St. Barnabas Church , also known as St. Barnabas ' Episcopal Church , Leeland , was built in Leeland , Maryland and was established in 1704 as the parish church of Queen Anne Parish which had been established that same year .
Mava ( Persian : ماوا‎ , also Romanized as Ma’vā ) is a village in Golmakan Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The T. A. Hasler House is a Classical Revival style house located in Bastrop , Texas .
Serniawy ( sɛrˈɲavɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kelvington Airport , ( TC LID : CKV2 ) , is located 1.2 nautical miles ( 2.2 km ; 1.4 mi ) south of Kelvington , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Jaślany ( jaˈɕlanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
KGFF ( 1450 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Shawnee , Oklahoma , and is owned by the Citizen Potawatomi Nation .
Shardlow is a village in Derbyshire , England about 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) southeast of Derby and 11 miles ( 18 km ) southwest of Nottingham .
Santău ( Hungarian : Tasnádszántó ( ˈtɒʃnaːtsaːntoː ) ) is a commune in Satu Mare County , north - western Romania .
Leśniów Wielki ( ˈlɛɕɲuf ˈvjɛlki ) ( formerly German Lessen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwieńsk , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Mohanur is a Town panchayat in the Namakkal district of the Indian state Tamil Nadu .
Barton Island is a small island in the Connecticut River , near Barton Cove , in Gill , Massachusetts , USA .
Irondequoit Creek is a stream in eastern Monroe County , New York that feeds Irondequoit Bay .
Jamasab ( Persian : جاماسب‎ , also Romanized as Jāmāsab ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Alustan ( Persian : الوستان‎ , also Romanized as Ālūstān and Alūstān ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Cookhill is a village and civil parish in Worcestershire , England , on the county border near Alcester .
Högestad Castle ( Swedish : Högestads slott ) is a castle in Ystad Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
The Journal Record Building , also known as the Law Journal Record Building and the India Temple Shrine Building , is a Classical Revival style building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
Tavil Deraz ( Persian : طويل دراز‎ , also Romanized as Ţavīl Derāz ; also known as Tavez Darāz and Tūz Devāz ) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Qalandar District ( Pashto : قلندر ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی قلندر‎ ) is situated in the western part of Khost Province , Afghanistan .
Torcegno ( German : Türtchein ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) east of Trento .
Aq Zabir ( Persian : اقزبير‎ , also Romanized as Āq Zabīr and Eqzebīr ; also known as Āq Zīr ) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District , in the Central District of Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Mali Orehek ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ɔˈɾeːxək ) ) is a settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Kalasheh ( Persian : كلاشه‎ , also Romanized as Kalāsheh ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Grodno Drugie ( ˈɡrɔdnɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pławinek ( pwaˈvinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Bradford County Jail served as the jail in Bradford County , Pennsylvania from 1873 - 1991 .
Benavileh - ye Kuchak ( Persian : بناويله كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Benāvīleh - ye Kūchak ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hills , Dales and The Vinyard is a historic home located at Keedysville , Washington County , Maryland , United States .
Westminster Hall and Burying Ground is a graveyard and former church located at 519 West Fayette Street ( at North Greene Street ) in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Clitterhouse Recreation Ground or Clitterhouse Playing Fields is a park and Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Brent Cross in the London Borough of Barnet .
The Arch of Titus ( Italian : Arco di Tito ; Latin : Arcus Titi ) is a 1st - century A.D. honorific arch , located on the Via Sacra , Rome , just to the south - east of the Roman Forum .
Rahaq ( Persian : رحق‎ , also Romanized as Raḩaq ) is a village in Kuh Dasht Rural District , Neyasar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Liguria ( Italian pronunciation : ( liˈɡuːrja ) , Ligurian : Ligûria ; English : Ligury /ˈlɪɡjᵿri/ LIG - ew - ree or LIG - yə - ree ) is a coastal region of north - western Italy , with capital Genoa .
Owasso High School is a secondary school located within Tulsa County in Owasso , Oklahoma .
Nafisabad ( Persian : نفيس اباد‎ , also Romanized as Nafīsābād ) is a village in Rabatat Rural District , Kharanaq District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Gowjeh Gol ( Persian : گوجه گل‎ ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Ittiri ( Sardinian : Itiri Cannedu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) south of Sassari .
Nybergsund is a village in the municipality of Trysil in Hedmark , Norway with a population of 363 .
Płosodrza ( pwɔˈsɔdʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Łowcza ( ˈwɔft͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Al Ghuwariyah ( الغويرية ) is a city located in Al Khor Municipality in the state Qatar .
The Day Estate Historic District encompasses part of a subdivided estate at the corner of Commonwealth Avenue and Dartmouth Street in Newton , Massachusetts .
Vali Beyglu ( Persian : ولي بيگلو‎ , also Romanized as Valī Beyglū ; also known as Valī Beyklū ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
San Juan Creek , also called the San Juan River , is a 29-mile ( 47 km ) stream in Orange County , California that consists of a catchment basin encompassing 133.9 square miles ( 347 km2 ) .
La Franja ( Catalan pronunciation : ( lə ˈfɾaɲʒə ) , Western Catalan : ( la ˈfɾaɲdʒa ) , locally : ( la ˈfɾaɲtʃa ) ; `` The Strip '' ) is the area of Catalan - speaking territories of Aragon bordering Catalonia , in Spain .
Penboyr is a hamlet in the county of Carmarthenshire , Wales consisting of a number of houses , smallholdings , farms and a church .
Mayfield Cottage is a historic plantation home located near the grounds of Central State Hospital near Petersburg , Dinwiddie County , Virginia .
Chongyi County ( Chinese : 崇义县 ) is a county under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou Municipality , in Jiangxi province .
Tileh Bon ( Persian : تيله بن‎ , also Romanized as Tīleh Bon ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Kettle Moraine Scenic Drive is a designated scenic route in southeastern Wisconsin that links the two units of the Kettle Moraine State Forest .
Cribyn is a small village in Ceredigion , Wales , about 7 miles ( 11 km ) north of Lampeter and with the villages of Troed y Rhiw , Mydroilyn and Dihewyd to the north .
John Ilhan Memorial Reserve , currently known as ABD Stadium for sponsorship reasons , and often referred to as Broadmeadows Valley Park , is an Australian soccer ground in Broadmeadows , a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria .
Eugene Station is the primary bus station and terminus in Eugene , Oregon , United States , serving the buses of the Lane Transit District ( LTD ) .
Vosi ( Persian : وسي‎ , also Romanized as Vosī ; also known as Vosī - ye Chūbar ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rajura is a city and a municipal council in the Chandrapur district of the Indian state of Maharashtra .
KKNG - FM ( 97.3 FM ) in Oklahoma City is a radio station broadcasting a Catholic religious format .
Narghota is a small village under Kajlot panchayat situated 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) southwest of Dharamshala in Himachal Pradesh , India .
The Makkah Region or Mecca Region ( Arabic : مكة المكرمة‎ Makkah l - Mukarramah ) is the most populous region ( mintaqah ) in Saudi Arabia .
KUAR is a National Public Radio affiliate in Little Rock , Arkansas .
Vashi is a node in Navi Mumbai , across the Thane Creek of the Arabian Sea .
Linhares is the name of a municipality in the state of Espírito Santo , Brazil , 135 km north of the state capital , Vitória .
Pulloxhill is a small village and civil parish in Bedfordshire , England 342 ft above sea level with a population of 850 at the 2001 Census .
Cross Lines Tower is a 15-story 175 foot high building that from 1951 to 1969 was the tallest building in Kansas City , Kansas .
Elizabethtown , California was a California Gold Rush town that began in 1852 in Plumas County , California .
Rossend Castle is a historic building in Burntisland , a town on the south coast of Fife , Scotland .
Ngarnang ( Chinese : 阿朗 ; Pinyin : Ālǎng ) is a village and township - level division of Lhünzhub County , in the Lhasa Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Vélez - Málaga is a municipality and the capital of the Axarquía comarca in the province of Málaga , in the Spanish autonomous community of Andalusia .
Owleh Kari - ye Tula Rud ( Persian : اوله كري طولارود‎ , also Romanized as Owleh Karī - ye Ţūlā Rūd ) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Town of Tonawanda Veterans Memorial is a public memorial in the Town of Tonawanda , New York .
Overloon is a village with 3,626 inhabitants on the outskirts of Peel , in the municipality of Boxmeer , Noord - Brabant .
West Hatch is a hamlet and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
The Université de Sherbrooke is a large university in Quebec , Canada with campuses located in Sherbrooke and Longueuil , a suburb of Montreal approximately 130 km ( 81 mi ) west of Sherbrooke .
Area code 619 is a California telephone area code that was split from area code 714 on November 5 , 1982 .
Ruzayevsky District ( Russian : Руза́евский райо́н ; Moksha : Орозаень район ; Erzya : Рузайбуе ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty - two in the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Korytków Mały ( kɔˈrɨtkuf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Baoying County ( simplified Chinese : 宝应县 ; traditional Chinese : 寶應縣 ; pinyin : Bǎoyīng Xiàn ) is under the administration of Yangzhou , Jiangsu province , China .
Xuefang ( Chinese : 穴坊镇 ) is a town in Laiyang , Yantai , in eastern Shandong province , China .
Ridge Community High School or RCHS is a public high school located on the Davenport , Florida and Haines City , Florida Line .
Pain Mahalleh - ye Nalkiashar ( Persian : پائين محله نالكياشر‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh - ye Nālkīāshar ) is a village in Divshal Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tonb - e Jaki ( Persian : تنب جكي‎ , also Romanized as Tonb - e Jakī ; also known as Tonb - e Chīgī ) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Farringdon Within is one of the 25 wards of the City of London , the historic and financial centre of London .
Skinner Memorial Chapel is a chapel and historic building on the campus of Carleton College in Northfield , Minnesota , United States .
Siarak ( Persian : سيارك‎ , also Romanized as Sīārak ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قشلاق شرقي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Aliabad Molla Alireza ( Persian : علي ابادملاعليرضا‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād Mollā `` Alīreẕā ) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 255 , in 61 families .
Shahrak - e Sindar ( Persian : شهرك سيندر‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Sīndar ; also known as Sīnīdar , Sīnandar , Sīndar , and Sinīdar ) is a village in Afin Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Condofuri ( Greek : Kontofyria ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 38 kilometres ( 24 mi ) southeast of Reggio Calabria .
Camp Ford was a prisoner of war camp near Tyler , Texas , during the American Civil War .
Dalijan - e Torkiyeh ( Persian : داليجان تركيه‎ , also Romanized as Dālījān - e Torkīyeh ; also known as Dālenjān - e Torkīyeh ) is a village in Faruj Rural District , in the Central District of Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
WDSO ( 88.3 FM , `` The Rock '' ) is a radio station located at Chesterton High School , in Chesterton , Indiana .
Laganadi ( Greek : Lachanades ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria .
The London District Catholic School Board ( LDCSB , known as English - language Separate District School Board No . 38 prior to 1999 ) is a separate school board offering Catholic education in south - western Ontario , Canada .
Mohseniyeh ( Persian : محسنيه‎ , also Romanized as Moḩsenīyeh ) is a village in Asiab Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Golden Glades Interchange , located in Miami Gardens and North Miami Beach , Florida , United States , is the confluence of five major roads serving eastern and southern Florida .
Little Spain was a Spanish - American neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan during the 20th century .
The Koffler Student Centre is the main student centre at the University of Toronto , located at 214 College Street .
Herval is a Brazilian municipality in the southern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Murgah Kakan ( Persian : مورگاه كاكان‎ , also Romanized as Mūrgāh Kākān ; also known as Mūrgā ) is a village in Kakan Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Siegel High School is a public high school in the Rutherford County School System in Tennessee .
The Frederick Stearns Building is a manufacturing plant located at 6533 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit , Michigan .
Buckabank is a small village in the English county of Cumbria .
Toronto Aerodrome , also known as Canadian Air Express Airport was an aerodrome located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Alexander Archipelago is a 300 miles ( 500 km ) long archipelago , or group of islands , of North America off the southeastern coast of Alaska .
Bettisfield ( Welsh : Llys Bedydd ) is a small village of about 150 dwellings in Wrexham County Borough , Wales and stands on the Wales - England border .
Velayat Rud ( Persian : ولايترود‎ , also Romanized as Velāyat Rūd ; also known as Valātrūd ) is a village in Nesa Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Tolombeh Khaneh - ye Shorket Nafat ( Persian : تلمبه خانه شركت نفت‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh Khāneh - ye Shorket Nafat ) is a village in Palangabad Rural District , Palangabad District , Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Stephen Fowler Hale House , also known as the Hale - Jarvis - Trotter House , is a historic structure in Eutaw , Alabama .
Jocotenango ( alternate : Xocotenango ; translation from Kaqchikel : `` place of many plums '' ) is a small municipality in the northeast section of Guatemalan department of Sacatepéquez , and is situated north of Antigua Guatemala .
Cedars North Airpark ( FAA LID : W58 ) is a privately owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Battle Ground , a city in Clark County , Washington , United States .
Kaveh Ahangar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كاوه آهنگر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Morrison 's Academy is a co - educational day independent school in Crieff , Perth and Kinross in Central Scotland .
The Burn of Elsick is a coastal stream in Aberdeenshire , Scotland that discharges to the North Sea .
The Orators Mound is a Native American mound in the western part of the U.S. state of Ohio .
WCAR is a 24-hour sports radio station based out of Livonia , Michigan .
Kombardeh ( Persian : كمبرده‎ , also Romanized as Kombordeh ; also known as Kombārd ) is a village in Jayezan Rural District , Jayezan District , Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Innvik is located in the present - day Stryn Municipality , encompassing about the western third of the present municipality .
Katenluy - e Sofla ( Persian : كتن لوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Katenlūy - e Soflá ; also known as Katenlūy - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Dizaj Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tar Creek Superfund site is a United States Superfund site located in the cities of Picher and Cardin , Oklahoma .
The Svalbard Global Seed Vault ( Norwegian : Svalbard globale frøhvelv ) is a secure seed bank on the Norwegian island of Spitsbergen near Longyearbyen in the remote Arctic Svalbard archipelago , about 1,300 kilometres ( 810 mi ) from the North Pole .
Compton Martin is a small village and civil parish within the Chew Valley in Somerset and in the Bath and North East Somerset unitary authority in England .
Mandil Besar ( Persian : منديل بسر‎ , also Romanized as Mandīl Besar ) is a village in Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Dar - e Zardalu ( Persian : درزردالو‎ , also Romanized as Dar - e Zardālū ) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District , Toghrol Al Jerd District , Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Balaabadcheh ( Persian : بلاابادچه‎ , also Romanized as Balāābādcheh ; also known as Balā Bādcheh and Balābādcheh ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Wintergreen Gorge is a canyon located in Harborcreek Township , Erie County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
The CNR Bridge is a steel truss swing span railway bridge over the north arm of the Fraser River in New Westminster British Columbia , Canada .
Kierikki is an area located in Yli - Ii by the Ii River in Finland .
The Taft School is a private , coeducational prep school located in Watertown , Connecticut , USA .
Tazehabad - e Bozon Qaran ( Persian : تازه آباد بزن قران‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Bozon Qarān , Tāzehābād - e Bezenqerān , and Tāzehābād - e Bozonqarān ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Shomali Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Przepałkowo ( pʂɛpau̯ˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno , within Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Budziszów Wielki ( buˈd͡ʑiʂuf ˈvjɛlki ) ( German : Groß Baudiß ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Red Deer / Truant South Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CRD6 ) , is located 3.9 nautical miles ( 7.2 km ; 4.5 mi ) west of Red Deer , Alberta .
Birmingham Science Park Aston , formerly known as Aston Science Park , is a science park located in Birmingham City Centre , United Kingdom .
Bennäs railway station ( Swedish : Bennäs järnvägsstation , Finnish : Pännäisten rautatieasema ) is located in the village of Bennäs in Pedersöre municipality , Ostrobothnia , Finland .
Motul Municipality ( in the Yucatec Maya language : `` Place of no overflowing '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 297.63 km2 ) of land and located roughly 45 km east of the city of Mérida .
Dalab ( Persian : دالاب‎ , also Romanized as Dālāb ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pileh Darbon ( Persian : پيله داربن‎ , also Romanized as Pīleh Dārbon ; also known as Phileh Darab , Pilderbend , and Takhteh Pol ) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bukkampatti ( Tamil:புக்கம்பட்டி ) is a Village Panchayat in Mecheri taluk in Salem district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Terminal Arcade , located on Wabash Avenue in downtown Terre Haute , Indiana , is a Beaux - Arts building on the National Register of Historic Places since June 30 , 1983 .
Rampart Street is a historic avenue located in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Pentrecwrt ( or Pentrecourt ) is a village in north Carmarthenshire , Wales on the A486 road half way between Carmarthen and New Quay .
Hedden County Park is a general purpose public park , located in Morris County , New Jersey , near the town of Dover .
Polba ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) was an assembly constituency in Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
The Honda Center ( formerly known as the Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim ) is an indoor arena located in Anaheim , California .
The Uralmash gang ( Russian : Уралмашевская группировка ) is a Russian mafia crime syndicate based in the city of Yekaterinburg .
Lower Sapey is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire , England .
The Great Lawn and Turtle Pond are two connected features of Central Park which are located in Manhattan , New York City .
Sorkh Musa ( Persian : سرخ موسي‎ , also Romanized as Sorkh Mūsá ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Cleariestown ( Irish : Baile de Cléir ) , or Cleristown , is a small village situated in the south of County Wexford , in Ireland .
The Merchant Adventurers ' Hall is a medieval guildhall in the city of York , England , and was one of the most important buildings in the medieval city .
Murillo Flats is a three story , formerly seven unit brick apartment building in Des Moines , Iowa .
Qeshlaq - e Gowmir Chinlu - ye Owrtadagh ( Persian : قشلاق گورچينلواورتاداغ‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Gowmīr Chīnlū - ye Owrtādāgh ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Stare Groszki ( ˈstarɛ ˈɡrɔʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hunnington is a village and civil parish in the Bromsgrove District of Worcestershire , England , close to the border with West Midlands , and just south of Halesowen .
Geygan ( Persian : گيگن‎‎ , also Romanized as Gaigan , Gaygīn , Gey Gen , Gīgan , and Gīgen ; also known as Gīkan ) is a village in Jask Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Chah - e Eydmohammad ( Persian : چاه عیدمحمد ‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Overseas Railroad ( also known as Florida Overseas Railroad and the Overseas Extension ) was an extension of the Florida East Coast Railway to Key West , a city located 128 miles ( 204.8 km ) beyond the end of the Florida peninsula .
The Kinmon Gakuen ( 金門学園 ) or Golden Gate Institute is a Japanese language school in San Francisco , California , located at 2031 Bush Street .
Mulampuzha is a village of Pandalam , Kerala .
Rożnowa ( rɔʐˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Lower Bead Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County , Idaho , United States , located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area .
Dhammayangyi Temple ( Burmese : ဓမ္မရံကြီးပုထိုး , IPA : ( dəma̰jàɴdʑí pətʰó ) ) is a Buddhist temple located in Bagan , Myanmar .
Old Overton Golf Club , located in Vestavia Hills , Alabama , USA , is an invitation - only private golf club which opened in 1993 .
Falls International Airport ( IATA : INL , ICAO : KINL , FAA LID : INL ) is a city owned , public use airport located in International Falls , a city in Koochiching County , Minnesota , United States .
Devathanam is a neighbourhood Village of Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The New Century Theatre was a legitimate Broadway theatre located at 932 Seventh Avenue at West 58th Street in midtown Manhattan .
Carlin Hall , also known as Curtis Hall , Carlin Community Hall , Glencarlyn School , Glencarlyn Recreation Center , and is a historic community center located in the Glencarlyn section of Arlington , Virginia .
Świdry - Awissa ( ˈɕfidrɨ aˈvissa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Cranbury School District is a public school district located in and serving students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Cranbury Township , in Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States .
Chilakapadu is a village near Santhanuthala padu mandal , located in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Berżniki ( bɛrʐˈniki ) , ( Lithuanian : Beržininkai ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Cham Khusheh ( Persian : چم خوشه‎ , also Romanized as Cham Khūsheh ) is a village in Kashkan Rural District , Shahivand District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Clinton State Park is a state park in Douglas County , Kansas , United States , located 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of Lawrence .
Valiyaperumpuzha is a village situated in Mavelikkara , on the banks of the Achankovil river , in between Mavelikkara Municipality , Chennithala Panchayat , and Chettikulangara Panchayat in Kerala , India .
Scott M. Matheson Junior High School is located at 3650 South Montclair street , Magna , Utah .
Knockdavie Castle is a now - ruined 17th - century house in Burntisland parish , Fife county , Scotland .
Galleh - ye Meshk ( Persian : گله مشك‎ ; also known as Galleh - ye Mishi ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
St. Patrick 's Parish and Buildings is a historic church on Grand Street , Ocean and Bramhall Avenues in Jersey City , Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Kannanurpalayam , also known as Kannanur or simply K.Palayam , is a small village in Thuraiyur , Tiruchirapalli District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Saunders Trades and Technical High School ( Saunders High School or SHS ) is a public high school for grades 9 - 12 , in Yonkers , New York .
Soka University of America ( SUA ) is a four - year liberal arts university located in Aliso Viejo , California , United States .
Luding County ( Tibetan : ལྕགས་ཟམ། , Chagsam ; Chinese : 泸定县 ; pinyin : Lúdìng Xiàn , Tibetan Jagsamka ) is a part of the Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in the Chinese Province of Sichuan .
8 Mile Corner is a monument in the Cimarron National Grassland dedicated to the tri - point ( a place where three states meet ) of Kansas , Colorado , and Oklahoma .
Peter Moyes Anglican Community School is a private school in Mindarie , Western Australia .
Faridar ( Persian : فريدر‎ , also Romanized as Farīdar ) is a village in Kharturan Rural District , Beyarjomand District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Hasanabad - e Mohammad Nazar ( Persian : حسن آباد محمد نظر‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Moḩammad Naz̧ar ; also known as Ḩasanābād , Ḩasanābād - e Kohneh , and Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Chaharduli - ye Gharbi Rural District , Chaharduli District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Ephraim Davis House is a historic First Period house on Merrimack Road , north of the junction with Amesbury Line Road in Haverhill , Massachusetts .
Peepalpahad is a village of Choutuppal mandal in the Nalgonda district in Telangana , India .
Qasemabad - e Aqa ( Persian : قاسم اباداقا‎ , also Romanized as Qāsemābād - e Āqā ; also known as Qāsemābād - e Moz̧affarī ) is a village in Saidabad Rural District , in the Central District of Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Ațel ( German : Hetzeldorf ; Hungarian : Ecel ) is a commune in Sibiu County , Romania .
The Glenholme School , also known as Devereux Glenholme School , is an independent coeducational therapeutic boarding school situated on over 110 acres ( 0.45 km2 ) in Washington , Connecticut .
Ghol Gholab Balayi ( Persian : غل غلاب بالایی‎ , also Romanized as Ghol Gholāb Bālāyī ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wola Życińska ( ˈvɔla ʐɨˈt͡ɕiɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Cedar Valley Seminary ( Mitchell County Historical Museum ) is a historic seminary building at N. 6th and Mechanic Streets in Osage , Iowa .
Gadomiec - Peronie ( ɡaˈdɔmjɛt͡s pɛˈrɔɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bellinger River , an open and trained mature wave dominated , barrier estuary , is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
The Savannah Way is a route of highways and major roads across the tropical savannahs of northern Australia , linking Cairns in Queensland with Broome in Western Australia .
Great Cornard is a large village located just outside Sudbury , in Suffolk , England .
Kalateh - ye Sheykhi ( Persian : كلاته شيخي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Sheykhī ; also known as Kalāt - e Sheykhī ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Koprivnica - Križevci County ( Croatian : Koprivničko - križevačka županija ; Hungarian : Kapronca - Körös megye ) is a county in northern Croatia .
Columbian Harmony Cemetery was an African - American cemetery that formerly existed at 9th Street NE and Rhode Island Avenue NE in Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
The Yung See San Fong House , or `` Young 's Home in the Heart of the Hills '' , is a house in Los Gatos in the U.S. state of California .
The Fort Berthold Indian Reservation is a U.S. Indian reservation in western North Dakota that is home for the federally recognized Mandan , Hidatsa , and Arikara Nation , also known as the Three Affiliated Tribes .
The Kahlenbergerdorf Parish Church ( Pfarrkirche Kahlenbergerdorf ) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the suburb of Kahlenbergerdorf in the 19th district of Vienna , Döbling .
Chapkuh ( Persian : چپکوه‎ , also Romanized as Chapḵūh ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Greenup Commercial Historic District is a historic district located in the business district of Greenup , Illinois .
The House at 94 Grandview Avenue in Quincy , Massachusetts , is the best - preserved of a series of Queen Anne Victorians built on Wollaston Hill .
WHCE is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Highland Springs , Virginia , serving the East Side of Metro Richmond .
Gliczarów Górny ( ɡliˈt͡ʂaruf ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Dunajec , within Tatra County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Jesse Pickens Pugh Farmstead is a historic 289-acre ( 117 ha ) homestead near Grove Hill in rural Clarke County , Alabama .
Colusa National Wildlife Refuge is one of six refuges in the Sacramento National Wildlife Refuge Complex located in the Sacramento Valley of north - central California .
The town of Bayanhot , situated in the banner , is the seat of government of the greater Alxa League , of which Alxa Left Banner is a part .
Columbia Secondary School is in the Morningside Heights neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
The Craigville Historic District encompasses a historic religious camp meeting area in the Craigville section of Barnstable , Massachusetts .
Howard Community College , also commonly referred to HCC and Howard CC is a community college in Columbia , Howard County , Maryland .
The Western Little River , or the Northwest Branch , is a tributary of the Pleasant River in Washington County , Maine .
Bridge in Tinicum Township is a historic Pratt pony truss bridge located at Point Pleasant in Tinicum Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Binghamton Railway Company Complex is a historic railway complex located at Binghamton in Broome County , New York .
Latab ( Persian : لتاب‎ , also Romanized as Latāb ; also known as Latāb - e Soflá ) is a village in Shabab Rural District , in the Shabab District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Hoh Fuk Tong Centre ( Chinese : 何福堂會所 - 福堂樓 ) is located at 28 Castle Peak Road , San Hui , Tuen Mun , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Big Kimshew Creek is a stream in northern California in the United States , some 11 miles ( 18 km ) long .
Flordon is both a civil parish and a village in Norfolk , England .
Gobeyr - e Do ( Persian : گبيردو‎ ; also known as Gobeyr - e Bozorq , Gobeyr - e Dovvom , and Kūt al Qubair ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Stobna ( ˈstɔbna ) ( German : Stuba ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Upsala College ( UC ) was a private college affiliated with the Swedish - American Augustana Synod ( now the Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church ) and located in East Orange in Essex County , New Jersey in the United States .
Ropocice ( rɔpɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
South Plainfield High School ( or SPHS ) is a four - year , co - ed comprehensive community public high school located in South Plainfield in Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades and operating as the sole secondary school in the South Plainfield Public Schools .
Broadway Center for the Performing Arts is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization located in the historic Theater District ( 901 Broadway ) of downtown Tacoma , Washington .
Bösenburg is a village in the Mansfeld - Südharz rural district in the German land Saxony - Anhalt .
Ab Shabandar ( Persian : ابشباندر‎ , also Romanized as Āb Shabāndar ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Guzoni Tappeh - ye Bala ( Persian : گوزني تپه بالا‎ , also Romanized as Gūzonī Tappeh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Aqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Queens Botanical Garden began as part of the 1939 New York World 's Fair in Queens .
Ujów ( ˈujuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kamionna - Folwark ( kaˈmjɔnna ˈfɔlvark ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód , within Międzychód County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ansin Sports Complex is a track and field venue located in Miramar , Florida , and is one of only four Class 2 internationally certified tracks in the United States .
Burdrop is a village in Sibford Gower civil parish , about 6.5 miles ( 10.5 km ) west of Banbury in Oxfordshire .
Greeneville High School ( GHS ) is a high school in Greeneville , Tennessee , a town most known as the place in which President Andrew Johnson began his political career as the city mayor .
Miri - ye Khani - ye Do ( Persian : ميريخاني2‎ , also Romanized as Mīrī - ye Khānī - ye Do ; also known as Mīrī - ye Khānī ) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The William D. Block Memorial Law Library serves the Nineteenth Judicial Circuit , Lake County , Illinois .
St. Francis Street Methodist Church , officially St. Francis Street United Methodist Church , is a historic United Methodist Church building in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
Östra hamnen ( `` Eastern Harbour '' ) is a neighbourhood of Malmö , situated in the Borough of Centrum , Malmö Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden .
The Bahay Tsinoy ( literally Chinese - Filipino House ) is a museum located in the Intramuros ( Old Walled City ) section of Manila .
Gentry Complex is a multi - purpose facility on the main campus of Tennessee State University ( TSU ) in Nashville , Tennessee .
The Shawnee Street Overpass ( also known as the Shawnee Road Bridge ) is an overpass in Kansas City , Kansas , USA , and is located at Shawnee Road and South 7th Street Trafficway .
Bid Shahr Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بيدشهر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Eden Valley 216 is an Indian reserve located near Longview , Alberta .
Honnavalli is an Indian village in Tiptur Taluk in Karnataka State .
Szczenurze ( ʂt͡ʂɛˈnuʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Central Reserve is a cricket and Australian rules football ground in the suburb of Glen Waverley , in the south - east of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Pariyangadu is a village near Anchachavadi in Kalikavu Panchayat , Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala .
Tuchowo ( tuˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wólka Brzózka ( ˈvulka ˈbʐuska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kletnia - Kolonia ( ˈklɛtɲa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ługowa Wola ( wuˈɡɔva ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Nippon Hospital is a historic hospital building located at 25 S. Commerce St. in Stockton , California .
Marine Terrace , Fremantle is a road on the southern side of the built up area of Fremantle , Western Australia .
Totonno 's is a pizzeria located at 1524 Neptune Avenue ( between West 15th Street and West 16th Street ) in Coney Island in Brooklyn , New York .
The Holyoke Merry - Go - Round is a carousel in Holyoke , Massachusetts .
Ramiszów ( raˈmiʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Star Chamber Cave is a limestone cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
Serby ( ˈsɛrbɨ ) ( German : Zerbau , 1938 - 45 : Lerchenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bahramabad - e Sofla ( Persian : بهرام آباد سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bahrāmābād - e Soflá ; also known as Bahrāmābād - e Pā’īn , or simply Bahrāmābād and Behrāmābād ) is a village in Zhan Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Rogóżka ( rɔˈɡuʂka ) ( former German : Wolmsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Vance Brand Airport ( ICAO : KLMO , FAA LID : LMO , formerly AMR ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Longmont , in Boulder County , Colorado , United States .
Wildcat Den State Park is a state park of Iowa , US , in Muscatine County .
Grisedale Pike is a fell in the Lake District , Cumbria , England situated 4.5 miles ( 7.2 km ) west of the town of Keswick in the north - western sector of the national park .
Llanarthney ( Welsh : Llanarthne ) is a village and community in Carmarthenshire , Wales , located 12 kilometres to the east of Carmarthen and 10 kilometres to the south - west of Llandeilo .
The Jacob Sloat House , originally called Harmony Hall , is located on Liberty Rock Road in Sloatsburg , New York , United States .
The Fall Creek Meeting House is located approximately 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) east of Pendleton , Indiana , United States , on State Road 38 .
Deh - e Amir ( Persian : ده امير‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Amīr ; also known as Deh - e Amīr Khān ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Blue Barn Theatre , located at 1106 S. 10th Street in Omaha , Nebraska , is a nationally recognized theater .
Mashhadi Mohammad ( Persian : مشهدي محمد‎ , also Romanized as Mashhadī Moḩammad ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Coon Creek Science Center is a science center and fossil finding site at 2985 Hardin Graveyard Road in Adamsville , McNairy County , Tennessee , USA .
Ahmosuo Airfield ( ICAO : EFAH ) is an airfield in Hangaskangas , Oulu , Finland , about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southeast from Oulu city centre .
Petershill Park is a leisure centre located in the Springburn suburb of Glasgow , the largest city in Scotland .
The Peter Woodbury House ( or Woodberry ) is a historic First Period house at 82 Dodge Street in Beverly , Massachusetts .
Armenian Heritage Park is a memorial park dedicated to the victims of the Armenian Genocide located on Parcel 13 on the Rose Kennedy Greenway between Faneuil Hall Marketplace and Christopher Columbus Park in Boston , Massachusetts .
Broxtowe is a local government district with borough status in Nottinghamshire , England , west of the City of Nottingham .
In 1997 the Illinois Theatre Association honored the Theatre Building Chicago with an Outstanding Contribution Award for twenty years of service .
Rideau Carleton Raceway is a Canadian horse racing and gambling complex located at 4837 Albion Road in Ottawa , Ontario .
Grzegrzółki ( ɡʐɛˈɡʐuu̯ki ) ( German : Kukukswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dinkytown is a commercial district within the Marcy - Holmes residential neighborhood in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Buszyno ( buˈʂɨnɔ ) ( German Bussin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bentomiz Castle is an ancient fortress built on a hill near the village of Arenas in the province of Málaga , at a height of 711 metres ( 2,333 ft ) .
St. Matthew 's Chapel A.M.E. Church is a church at 309 Spruce Street in Boonville , Missouri .
Canet de Mar ( Catalan pronunciation : ( kaˈnɛd də ˈmar ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia , Spain .
Achilleio ( Greek : Αχίλλειο ) is a former municipality on the island of Corfu , Ionian Islands , Greece .
Tyoax Pass is a mountain pass in the Chilcotin Ranges of the Pacific Ranges , the southernmost main subdivision of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia , Canada .
Marlingford and Colton is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , made from the two villages of those names , both previously church parishes .
Collingbourne Kingston is a village and civil parish about 8 miles ( 13 km ) south of the market town of Marlborough in Wiltshire , England .
Śmietki ( ˈɕmjɛtki ) ( German Schnittken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Riseh ( Persian : ريسه‎ , also Romanized as Rīseh ; also known as Rīzeh and Rīzh ) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kalgin Island is an island in Cook Inlet of the Gulf of Alaska , southwest of the city of Kenai , Alaska , United States .
Murzynówko ( muʐɨˈnufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Farmers Field was a proposed sports and events stadium in Downtown Los Angeles , California , United States , at the current site of the West Hall of the Los Angeles Convention Center , adjacent to Staples Center .
Nong Ha ( หนองฮะ ) is a sub - district of Samrong Thap District ( สำโรงทาบ ) in Surin Province , Thailand
Niekarzyn ( ɲeˈkaʐɨn ) ( German : Nickern ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Little Barnwell Island is a historic archeological site located near Port Royal , Beaufort County , South Carolina .
Gołogłowy ( ɡɔwɔˈɡwɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Solombor ( Persian : سلمبر‎ ) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District , Kahrizak District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Hoseyniyeh - ye Mir Shenan ( Persian : حسينيه ميرشنان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynīyeh - ye Mīr Shenān ) is a village in Azadeh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kamen is a town in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , in the district Unna .
The Pleasant Valley Ranger Station , known also as Pleasant Valley Administrative Site and Young Ranger Station , in Tonto National Forest near Young , Arizona was built in 1919 .
The Nieuwe Maas ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌniu.ə ˈmaːs ) , `` New Meuse '' ) is a distributary of the Rhine River , and a former distributary of the Maas River , in the Dutch province of South Holland .
Following a directive issued on December 20 , 1895 , Fusagasugá was made capital of Sumapaz Province , which was created by National Directive 489 on November 7 , 1895 and made into Law 162 in 1896 .
Stary Kostrzynek ( ˈstarɨ kɔsˈtʂɨnɛk ) ( German : Altcüstrinchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Buckingham Browne & Nichols School , often referred to as BB&N , is a private day school on three campuses in Cambridge , Massachusetts , educating students from pre - kindergarten ( called `` Beginners '' ) to 12th grade .
Namdong District ( Namdong - gu ) is a ward in Incheon , South Korea .
Balamgarh is a village in tehsil Dhuri district Sangrur ( Punjab , India ) .
Vadhu Budruk is a village in Shirur tehsil of Pune district .
Wola Zdakowska ( ˈvɔla zdaˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gawłuszowice , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Chateau Woltner , formerly Nouveau Medoc Vineyard , was a California wine estate located near Angwin , California in the Howell Mountain AVA within Napa Valley , which in the modern era was operational between 1980 and 2000 before its sale and merge into Ladera Vineyards .
The Milford Flat Fire was the largest wildfire in Utah history .
Cowichan Lake is a large freshwater lake located on southern Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
The Proprietors Meeting House and Parish House , known for many years as the Universalist Church of Scarborough and South Buxton , is a historic church complex at the junction of Maine State Route 22 and Old County Road in the village of South Buxton , on the Scarborough side of the town line with Buxton , Maine .
Backhill is a rural area near Woodhead of Fyvie in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Bruland was the home of the bailiff or Fogd for the whole Sunnfjord region from 1567 until the end of the nineteenth century .
Pardastlu ( Persian : پردستلو‎ , also Romanized as Pardastlū ; also known as Bardastlū and Pardastī ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Toronto Magnetic and Meteorological Observatory is a historical observatory located on the grounds of the University of Toronto , in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Bridge of the Twenty - Three Camels is the official name of the highway bridge over the Fraser River at Lillooet , British Columbia , Canada , on BC Highway 99 .
Godowa ( ɡɔˈdɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów , within Strzyżów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Coronach / Scobey Border Station Airport ( FAA LID : 8U3 , TC LID : CKK3 ) is located 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ; 9.2 mi ) southeast of Coronach , Saskatchewan , Canada and 13 mi ( 21 km ) north of Scobey , Montana , United States .
Yen Chow Street ( Chinese : 欽州街 ) is a main street in Sham Shui Po of New Kowloon in Hong Kong .
Earth Quest Adventures was to be a resort located in New Caney , Texas , approximately 25 miles ( 40 km ) north of Houston that is not scheduled to open to the public at this time .
Saari was annexed to Parikkala and Uukuniemi municipalities on 1 January 2005 .
Robie 's Country Store is a historic store at 9 Riverside Street in Hooksett , New Hampshire , United States .
Pype Hayes Hall is a former mansion house in the Pype Hayes area of Erdington , Birmingham , England .
Darreh Gahlui - ye Barzand ( Persian : درگاهلوي برزند‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Gāhlūī - ye Barzand ; also known as Darreh Gāhlū ) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Blackwater River State Park is a Florida State Park located fifteen miles northeast of Milton , near Harold , off U.S. 90 .
Canoas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kaˈnoɐs ) ) , which earned city status in 1939 , is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Cold Spring Harbor State Park is a 40-acre ( 16 ha ) state park located on New York State Route 25A in the Town of Huntington in Suffolk County , New York .
The Arboretum de Balaine ( 20 hectares ) is a historic arboretum located in Villeneuve - sur - Allier , Allier , Auvergne , France .
Poczałkowo - Kolonia ( pɔt͡ʂau̯ˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Hopewell Presbyterian Church and Hopewell Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located at 5314 Old River Road in Florence , South Carolina .
Burnage railway station is a railway station in south Manchester , England , in the suburb of Burnage on the Styal Line .
Maximilian II of Bavaria had a hunting lodge built underneath today 's so - called Herzogstand - house in 1857 .
Polkowice County ( Polish : powiat polkowicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Crawfish Creek is a short stream in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming This watercourse is known for its unusually warm temperatures compared to other surface water bodies in Wyoming ; these elevated temperatures enable crawfish to thrive in the water .
Cluny or Clugny is a commune in the Saône - et - Loire department of the region of Burgundy , in eastern France .
The Barksdale Global Power Museum , formerly known as the Eighth Air Force Museum , is located on Barksdale AFB near Bossier City , Louisiana and is hosted by the 2nd Bomb Wing .
Ceteń ( ˈt͡sɛtɛɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odrzywół , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Bates Park Historic District is located on the north side Des Moines , Iowa , United States .
The Textilfabrik Cromford in Ratingen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany was built in 1783 by Johann Gottfried Brügelmann .
Kahlu Chal ( Persian : كهلوچال‎ , also Romanized as Kahlū Chāl ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bijanbari is a small town lying to the east of Darjeeling in the state of West Bengal , India .
The Sailing Ship Columbia , located at the Disneyland park in Anaheim , California , is a full - scale replica of Columbia Rediviva , the first American ship to circumnavigate the globe .
Friar 's Inn ( also called New Friar 's Inn ) was a nightclub and speakeasy in Chicago , Illinois , a famed jazz music venue in the 1920s .
Bishopsgate Library is an independent , charity - funded library located within the Bishopsgate Institute in the City of London .
Mironić ( Serbian : Миронић ) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom , Serbia .
Milk River Ridge Reservoir is an artificial lake in southern Alberta , Canada .
The Bell Hill School or District Number One School is an historic school in Otisfield , Maine .
Perkpolder is a hamlet in the southwestern Netherlands , situated in the municipality of Hulst , Zeeland .
High Garrett is a residential area on the A131 road , near the town of Braintree , in the Braintree District , in the English county of Essex .
Ship Island Light was a lighthouse in Mississippi near Gulfport .
Grand Canyon Caverns Airport ( IATA : PGS , FAA LID : L37 ) is a public - use airport located nine miles ( 14 km ) east of the central business district of Peach Springs , in Coconino County , Arizona , United States .
Magdumpur is a tiny village in Nangunoor Mandal of Medak District , Telangana , India .
The Onterie Center is a sixty - story award - winning high rise in downtown Chicago , IL .
Victorian Village is a neighborhood Columbus , Ohio , north and near west of downtown .
Jagin - e Bala ( Persian : جگين بالا‎ , also Romanized as Jagīn - e Bālā ; also known as Jagin ) is a village in Gabrik Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Głogusz ( ˈɡwɔɡuʂ ) ( German : Glogsen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Hoboken Historical Museum , founded in 1986 , is located in Hoboken , New Jersey and presents rotating exhibitions and activities related to the history , diverse culture , architecture and historic landmarks of the city .
Bandar - e Gaz ( Persian : بندرگز or بَندِر گَز‎ , also Romanized as Bandar - i - Gaz , Bandar - i - Jaz and Bander Gaz ) is a city in and capital of Bandar - e Gaz County , in Golestan Province , Iran .
Damagh ( Persian : دماغ‎ , also Romanized as Damāgh ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Dashli Borun District , Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Casa Dolores , Center for the Study of the Popular Arts of Mexico is an art museum located on 1023 Bath Street in Santa Barbara , California .
Patparganj is a locality situated in East Delhi District of the National Capital Territory of Delhi , India .
North Berwick ( /nɔərθ ˈbɛrᵻk/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Bearaig a Tuath ) is a seaside town and former royal burgh in East Lothian , Scotland .
Garreh Nazerabad ( Persian : گره نظراباد‎ , also Romanized as Garreh Naz̧erābād ; also known as Chehel Gereh , Gareh , and Garreh ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hacienda Business Park is a 900 acre ( 364 hectare ) mixed - use job center and housing development in Pleasanton , California .
Gaydon is a parish and village in Warwickshire , England , close to Royal Leamington Spa .
Château de Frœnsbourg is a ruined French castle north west of the town of Lembach , within the Bas - Rhin département .
Zamin Deraz ( Persian : زمين دراز‎ , also Romanized as Zamīn Derāz ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Quamby Bluff is a mountain in Northern Tasmania , Australia that is an outlying part of the Great Western Tiers mountain range .
Bala Mahalleh - ye Gildeh ( Persian : بالامحله گيلده‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh - ye Gīldeh ; also known as Gīldeh ) is a village in Dehgah Rural District , Kiashahr District , Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The John Loughborough School was a Christian , Voluntary aided school in Tottenham , London in the United Kingdom .
Christ Evangelical Church is a historic church building in Germantown , Wisconsin , United States .
Harrison Avenue Bridge is a concrete deck arch bridge carrying Harrison Avenue ( unsigned SR 6011 ) in Scranton , Pennsylvania , United States .
Ruraz ( Persian : رورز‎ , also Romanized as Rūraz ; also known as Dūraz ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Portage Lake District Library is a public library located in Houghton , Michigan , which serves the city of Houghton and Chassell and Portage Townships .
Grocholub ( ɡrɔˈxɔlup ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Homestead Farm at Oak Ridge is a historic home and grounds in Clark ( Union County ) and Edison ( Middlesex County ) , New Jersey , United States , that was listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places in 1995 .
The Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art is an art museum on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman , Oklahoma .
The Canton of Vieux - Habitants ( French for Old Inhabitants ) is a canton in the Arrondissement of Basse - Terre on the island of Guadeloupe .
Castambul is a small locality near Adelaide , South Australia .
Chehel Mani , Zahedan ( Persian : چهل منی‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Midland Community Stadium ( MCS ) is located in Midland , Michigan and is owned by Midland Public Schools .
Bab Sukhtegan ( Persian : باب سوختگان‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Sūkhtegān and Bābsūkhtegān ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kohan - e Pancharak ( Persian : كهن پنچرك‎ ; also known as ' Kohan ) is a village in Esmaili Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Danskammer Generating Station is located on the shore of the Hudson River in the Town of Newburgh , New York , United States , 0.5 miles ( 0.8 km ) upstream of the larger oil - fired Roseton Generating Station .
Maidstone Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJH3 ) , is located 1.2 nautical miles ( 2.2 km ; 1.4 mi ) northwest of Maidstone , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Hemingstone is a village and parish in Suffolk , England 6.5 miles ( 11 km ) north of Ipswich .
The West End Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh , located at 47 Wabash Street in the West End neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , opened on January 31 , 1899 .
Velnciems ( Devil 's village ) is one of the oldest districts of Liepāja , Latvia .
Mazraeh - ye Seyyedha ( Persian : مزرعه سيدها‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Seyyedhā ) is a village in Qohab - e Rastaq Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Bő is a village in Vas County , Hungary with a population of 679 ( 2004 ) .
Hanyandar ( Persian : هنياندر‎ , also Romanized as Hanyāndar ; also known as Handyāndar ) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Negotin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Неготин ( nêɡotiːn ) ) is a town and municipality in the Bor District of north - eastern Central Serbia .
Florida Christian School is a Non - Denominational Christian school in Olympia Heights , unincorporated Miami - Dade County , Florida .
Grandma Prisbrey 's Bottle Village , also known as Bottle Village , is a folk art piece , located in Simi Valley , California .
Kolossi Castle is a former Crusader stronghold on the south - west edge of Kolossi village 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) west of the city of Limassol on the island of Cyprus .
The Henry Boody House also known as the Boody - Johnson House , is an historic house at 256 Maine Street in Brunswick , Maine , United States .
Kowalewo Podborne ( kɔvaˈlɛvɔ pɔdˈbɔrnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nuk Ju ( Persian : نوكجو‎ , also Romanized as Nūk Jū and Nowkajoo ; also known as Nokjū and Nūkdū ) is a village in Zaboli Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Sands Ring Homestead Museum is a historic house located on Main Street in the Town of Cornwall , in Orange County , New York .
Nova Olinda do Norte is a town and municipality located in the Brazilian state of Amazonas .
Alkmonton is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire , England , roughly between Uttoxeter and Derby .
Gladsaxehus ( Swedish : Gladsax hus , earlier Gladsaxehus , also Glathsax or Glatzsax ) is a ruined castle in Gladsax parish in Simrishamn Municipality of Skåne in southeastern Sweden .
The Hammond Building was a high - rise building completed in 1889 at the southeast corner of Griswold Street and West Fort Street in the financial district of downtown Detroit , Michigan directly across Fort Street from the Detroit City Hall .
Teaneck Kebab House was a restaurant formerly located in Teaneck , New Jersey , United States .
Belhelvie ( Scottish Gaelic : Baile Shealbhaigh ) is a small village and civil parish in Aberdeenshire in Scotland .
The Kootenai National Forest is a national forest located in the far northwestern section of Montana and the northeasternmost lands in the Idaho panhandle in the United States , along the Canadian border .
The Palpa Province is the smallest of 5 provinces of the Ica Region of Peru and the only landlocked province of the region .
São Miguel do Passa Quatro is a municipality in central Goiás state , Brazil .
The Rampart Range is a mountain range located in Douglas , El Paso , and Teller counties , Colorado , USA .
Paul Walsh Field is a multi - purpose sports facility located in New Bedford , Massachusetts , USA .
The Berndt Museum of Anthropology is an anthropological museum in Perth , Western Australia , founded in 1976 by Ronald Berndt and Catherine Berndt .
Strzelino ( stʂɛˈlinɔ ) ( German Groß Strellin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Giesen Hills ( German : Giesener Berge ) are a ridge , up to 162.6 metres high , in the district of Hildesheim in the German state of Lower Saxony .
Kluczkowice ( klut͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ballyshannon ( Irish : Béal Átha Seanaidh , meaning `` The Mouth of Seannachs ford '' ) is a town in County Donegal , Ireland .
Wyoming County International Speedway is an asphalt speedway located in Perry , New York , USA .
The Centennial Hall ( German : Jahrhunderthalle , Polish : Hala Stulecia ; formerly Hala Ludowa ) is a historic building in Wrocław , Poland .
Mountain View Hospital Heliport ( FAA LID : OG35 ) is a private heliport located in Madras , Jefferson County , Oregon , United States .
Rancho Rio de los Putos was a 17,755-acre ( 71.85 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present day Solano County and Yolo County , California given in 1842 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to William Wolfskill .
The Two Dickinson Street Co - op , or 2D , is one of the three student dining co - ops at Princeton University in Princeton , New Jersey .
Castle Rushen ( Manx : Cashtal Rosien ) is a medieval castle located in the Isle of Man 's historic capital , Castletown , in the south of the island .
The Church of the Flagellation is a Roman Catholic church and semi - defunct Christian pilgrimage site located in the Muslim Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem , near the St. Stephen 's Gate .
Chenareh ( Persian : چناره‎ , also Romanized as Chenāreh and Chenārah ; also known as Chinare and Chināreh ) is a city in and capital of Sarshiv District , in Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Melton Mowbray Navigation was formed when the River Wreake in Leicestershire , England , was made navigable upstream from its junction with the River Soar and the Leicester Navigation near Syston to Melton Mowbray , opening in 1797 .
The Bellefaire Orphanage was a Jewish orphanage in Cleveland Ohio founded in 1868 as an orphanage for children who lost their parents in the Civil War , making it one of the oldest orphanages in the US .
Pak Bong ( Thai : ปากบ่อง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Pa Sang District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 3777 people .
The Fore River Sanctuary is an 85-acre ( 34 ha ) protected area in Portland , Maine .
Eskug ( Persian : اسكوگ‎ , also Romanized as Eskūg , Eskūk , Askook , and Iskaug ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mono Lake ( /ˈmoʊnoʊ/ MOH - noh ) is a large , shallow saline soda lake in Mono County , California , formed at least 760,000 years ago as a terminal lake in an endorheic basin .
The Château de Calmont d'Olt is a castle situated in France , in the Aveyron département in the commune of Espalion .
Vayegi ( Russian : Вае́ги ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Anadyrsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located near the border with Kamchatka Krai , on the banks of the Vayegi River , southwest of Anadyr , the administrative center of the autonomous okrug .
Lubowierz ( luˈbɔvjɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Halmstad Airport ( IATA : HAD , ICAO : ESMT ) , also known as Halmstad City Airport , is an airport situated 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) northwest of Halmstad , a city in the Halmstad Municipality of Halland County , Sweden .
Royal South Sydney Hospital was a hospital in the southern Sydney suburb of Zetland , New South Wales , Australia .
Wallalute Falls is a large waterfall located on Compass Creek on the north slopes of Mount Hood in the Hood River County , Oregon , at an elevation of 4,879 feet ( 1,487 m ) .
Avarzaman Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اورزمان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hueston Woods State Park is a state park located in Butler and Preble counties of the U.S. state of Ohio , about five miles ( 8 km ) northeast of Oxford in the southwestern part of the state .
The Peace Center is a performing arts center located in Greenville , South Carolina .
Sameeh ( Persian : سمعه‎ , also Romanized as Sameʿeh ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Advance Thresher / Emerson - Newton Implement Company buildings in Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States , are a pair of buildings designed by Kees and Colburn .
Shades Mountain is a cuesta in Jefferson County , Alabama , United States .
The Moreton Bay Region is a local government area located in the north of the Brisbane metropolitan area in South East Queensland , Australia .
Buggingen is a municipality in the district of Breisgau - Hochschwarzwald in Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany located between the Rhine Valley and the Black Forest on the northern edge of Markgräflerland .
The Tidnish River is a short Canadian river on the Isthmus of Chignecto along the interprovincial boundary with New Brunswick and Nova Scotia .
Nazerabad ( Persian : ناظراباد‎ , also Romanized as Nāz̧erābād ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
WIOO , known as `` Country Gold FM & AM '' , WIOO - AM is a 1,000-watt daytime radio station licensed to Carlisle , Pennsylvania .
The Bradford County Museum is a historical museum in Towanda , Bradford County , Pennsylvania .
Tesalia ( Spanish pronunciation : ( teˈsalja ) ) is a town and municipality in the Huila Department , Colombia .
Owraki Molla Abdol Rahman ( Persian : عوركي ملاعبدالرحمان‎ , also Romanized as ʿOwrakī Mollā ʿAbdol Raḩmān ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Rundeh ( Persian : رونده‎ , also Romanized as Rūndeh ) is a village in Ramjin Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Malvern Hills are a range of hills in the English counties of Worcestershire , Herefordshire and a small area of northern Gloucestershire , dominating the surrounding countryside and the towns and villages of the district of Malvern .
Acquappesa is a town and comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of Italy .
Ahmad - e Omran ( Persian : احمدعمران‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmad - e `` Omrān ; also known as Maʿbūdī ) is a village in Jazireh - ye Minu Rural District , Minu District , Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 494 , in 106 families .
Katima Mulilo Urban is a constituency in the Zambezi Region of Namibia , that also includes the capital city of the region , Katima Mulilo .
Wiłkopedzie ( viu̯kɔˈpɛd͡ʑɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Burnham Market is a village and civil parish near the north coast of Norfolk , England .
Patshaling Gewog ( Dzongkha : པ་ཚ་གླིང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Tsirang District , Bhutan .
Gladestry ( Welsh : Llanfair Llythynwg ) is a small village and community in Powys , mid Wales , close to the border with England at the end of the Hergest Ridge .
Mohammadabad - e Seyyed ( Persian : محمدابادسيد‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Seyyed , Moḩammadābād Seyed , and Mohammad Abad Seyyed ) is a village in Azizabad Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lipicze Olendry ( liˈpit͡ʂɛ ɔˈlɛndrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Dunsmuir House and Gardens ( also known by the name The Dunsmuir - Hellman Historic Estate ; and previously known as Oakvale Park ) is located in Oakland , California on a 50-acre ( 200,000 m2 ) site .
Raina I ( community development block ) ( also spelled Rayna and called Rainagar ) ( Bengali : রায়না I সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক ) is an administrative division in Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Ratannagar(Heritage city ) is a city and a municipality in Churu district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Azadlu Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آزادلو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Przesieki ( pʂɛˈɕɛki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
New Frankley in Birmingham is the only civil parish in Birmingham , England .
Cudnów ( ˈt͡sudnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia - Letnisko , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Spy Hill Power Plant is a natural gas - fired station owned by Northland Power , in Spy Hill , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The École Camondo is a five - year private school of product design and interior architecture located in Paris , France , which was created in 1944 and was recognized by the French Ministry of Education in 1989 .
Hafford is a town in Redberry No . 435 , Saskatchewan , Canada consisting of 360 residents at the 2006 Canada Census .
Duncans Point is a cape on the Pacific Coast of northern California in the United States .
Siemień - Kolonia ( ˈɕɛmjɛɲ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
KESN ( 103.3 FM ) is a Dallas / Fort Worth , Texas based sports talk radio station .
The Ansonia Apartments , located at 2221 - 23 Jones Street in the Midtown area of Omaha , Nebraska .
Strathroy ( Blue Yonder ) Airport ( TC LID : CPK2 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) east of Strathroy - Caradoc , Ontario , Canada .
Baciu ( Hungarian : Kisbács ; German : Botschendorf ) is a commune in Cluj County , located in the region of Transylvania , in the northwestern part of Romania .
The Raymond and Catherine Fisher House is a house located in northeast Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Slade Hall ( anciently Milkwall Slade ) is Grade II * listed mansion located on Slade Lane in Longsight , Manchester .
The Elm Grange , also known as Evergreen Acres and denoted N-5181 , was a historic home located at Odessa , New Castle County , Delaware .
Kureh - ye Sofla ( Persian : كوره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūreh - ye Soflá ; also known as Kūreh - ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Anzal - e Jonubi Rural District , Anzal District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sheykh Jafar ( Persian : شيخ جعفر‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Ja``far ) is a village in Qaslan Rural District , Serishabad District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 708 , in 185 families .
Huangshi ( simplified Chinese : 黄石 ; traditional Chinese : 黃石 ; pinyin : Huángshí ; literally : `` yellow rock '' ) is a prefecture - level city in southeastern Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Łówcze ( ˈwuft͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Giroc ( Hungarian : Gyüreg ) is a commune in Timiș County , Romania .
Ribeira de Pena ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʁiˈβɐjɾɐ ðɨ ˈpenɐ ) ) is a municipality in the Vila Real District , in Norte Region in Portugal .
Lake Tuggeranong , an artificial lake sourced the confluence of Tuggeranong Creek and stormwater discharge from urban and rural areas , is located in the Tuggeranong district of Canberra , within the Australian Capital Territory , Australia .
Žeravica ( Serbian : Жеравица ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Timbalier Island is an island off southeastern Louisiana in the United States .
Cape Hatteras Light is a lighthouse located on Hatteras Island in the Outer Banks in the town of Buxton , North Carolina and is part of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore .
Bennacott is a village in east Cornwall , England , in the United Kingdom .
Biskupice Oławskie ( biskuˈpit͡sɛ ɔˈwafskʲɛ ) ( German : Bischwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz - Laskowice , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Trątkownica ( trɔntkɔvˈnit͡sa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Paragould High School is a public school serving grades nine through twelve located in Paragould , Arkansas .
Bassett Hall is an 18th - century farmhouse located in Williamsburg , Virginia .
Angiz ( Persian : انگيز‎ , also Romanized as Angīz ) is a village in Razliq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Amir Salari ( Persian : اميرسالاري‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Sālārī ; also known as Amīr Sālār ) is a village in Rahgan Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Buckingham Correctional Center is a state prison ( close custody male institution ) located on 968 acres ( 3.9 km² ) outside the town of Dillwyn in Buckingham County , Virginia , USA .
Wang Ithok ( Thai : วังอิทก ) is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Bodgate is a farmstead in east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Huillapima is a town and municipio in the Capayán Department of Catamarca Province , Argentina .
Gadepalli is the name of a village in Telangana , India .
Utskarpen is a village in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway , about 37 kilometres ( 23 mi ) west of the town of Mo i Rana .
The Barbours Cut Container Terminal , or simply the Barbours Cut Terminal , is a major deep water port in the Greater Houston area in the U.S. state of Texas .
Ligah ( Persian : ليگاه‎ , also Romanized as Līgāh ; also known as Legā ) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Three Sisters Wilderness is a wilderness area in the Cascade Range , within the Willamette and Deschutes National Forests in Oregon .
The Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower , at 1 Hanson Place between Ashland Place and St. Felix Street in Brooklyn , New York City , is one of the borough 's architectural icons .
Nowy Cis ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈt͡ɕis ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Farm to Market Road 2750 , or FM 2750 , in eastern Texas ( USA ) , runs about 2.79 miles ( 4.49 km ) from an intersection with FM 2064 northwest of New Summerfield , east to an intersection with SH 110 .
The Santa Cruz Civic Auditorium is an event and convention venue located in downtown Santa Cruz , California .
Baldwin Hall , also known as the Cross Roads Church , was built as the Severn Crossroads Methodist Episcopal Church and is currently a historic church at Millersville , Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
Santa Cruz de la Salceda is a municipality and town in the province of Burgos , Castile and León , Spain .
The Barron Falls ( Aboriginal : Din Din ) is a steep tiered cascade waterfall on the Barron River located where the river descends from the Atherton Tablelands to the Cairns coastal plain , in Queensland , Australia .
Chitrakoot district ( Hindi : चित्रकूट जिला ) is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India , and Chitrakoot town is the district headquarters .
Vemb lies in Vemb Parish , which belongs to Holstebro Municipality in Region Midtjylland .
Salu Kola ( Persian : سلوكلا‎ , also Romanized as Salū Kolā ) is a village in Esfivard - e Shurab Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Fraserburgh ( /ˈfreɪzərbrə/ ; Scots : The Broch or Faithlie , Scottish Gaelic : A ' Bhruaich ) is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland with a population recorded in the 2001 Census at 12,454 and estimated at 12,630 in 2006 .
Roberto Clemente Memorial Park is maintained by the Department of Parks and Recreation , City of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in honor of Pittsburgh Pirates great Roberto Clemente .
The Spanish Fork River or Spanish Fork is a river in the U.S. state of Utah .
Świniary Małe ( ɕfiˈɲarɨ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Blumenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dam Boz ( Persian : دم بز‎ ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Manlava ( Persian : من لوا‎ , also Romanized as Manlavā ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Grove Field ( FAA LID : 1W1 ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) north of the central business district of Camas , a city in Clark County , Washington , United States .
Benipur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( Hindi : बेनीपुर विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) is an assembly constituency in Darbhanga districtof the Bihar , India .
Koszuty Małe ( kɔˈʂutɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Okay , Arkansas is an unincorporated community in Howard County , Arkansas , United States .
Greylings Pass , Is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa , on the regional road R396 , between Dordrecht , Eastern Cape and Barkly East .
The Hood River County School District ( HRCSD ) is a public school district in Hood River County , Oregon , United States that serves the communities of Cascade Locks , Hood River , Odell , Pine Grove , and Parkdale .
Clapham - Stern House , also known as Wenlo and originally known as Stone House , is a historic mansion located at Roslyn Harbor in Nassau County , New York .
The Queen 's Park Hippodrome in Harpurhey , Manchester , England , was built on the site of an old tramshed and opened on 25 April 1904 .
Kheyt - e Omm ol Heyal ( Persian : خيطام الحيل‎ , also Romanized as Khey - e Omm ol Ḩeyal and Kheyt - e Ommolḥeyl ) is a village in Azadeh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Edwin Forrest House ( a.k.a . Gaul - Forrest House ) is a house in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania built in 1853 - 54 for William Gaul , a wealthy brewer .
Varalotti is a village of the Virudhunagar district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Reinfeld Abbey was a Cistercian monastery in Reinfeld near Bad Oldesloe in Schleswig - Holstein in northern Germany .
Mahua ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 21 Hajipur ( Lok Sabha constituency ) ( SC ) .
Alijuq ( Persian : عليجوق‎ , also Romanized as `` Alījūq ) is a village in Tork - e Gharbi Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 171 , in 44 families .
John Hand Building is a mixed - use high rise building in Birmingham , Alabama , USA , with a height of 287 feet ( 87 m ) .
Treysa station ( German : Bahnhof Treysa ) is a train station in Schwalmstadt , Hesse , on the Main--
Esther Shiner Stadium is a multi - purpose outdoor sports facility in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Skrea is a locality in Falkenberg Municipality , Halland County , Sweden , with 1,064 inhabitants in 2010 .
Sztabinki ( ʂtaˈbiŋki ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Osney or Osney Island ( /ˈoʊzni/ ; an earlier spelling of the name is Oseney ) is a riverside community in the west of the city of Oxford , England .
Gocławice ( ɡɔt͡swaˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Gützelfitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Chetham 's Library in Manchester , England , is the oldest free public reference library in the United Kingdom .
Tuckahoe State Park is a state - owned , public recreation area located along Tuckahoe Creek in Caroline and Queen Anne 's counties on the Eastern Shore of Maryland .
Hoseynabad - e Mortazavi ( Persian : حسين ابادمرتضوي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Mortaz̤avī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Heruz Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wydrzynów ( vɨˈdʐɨnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pajęczno , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Takhini Hot Springs ( tɑːkiːniː ) is a natural hot springs located just outside the border of Whitehorse , Yukon ( 28 km from city centre ) .
Bottenbroich Abbey , later Bottenbroich Priory ( German : Kloster Bottenbroich ) , was a former Cistercian religious house located in Bottenbroich , now in Frechen , about three kilometres north - east of Kerpen , in the present Rhein - Erft - Kreis of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Glacier View Dam was proposed in 1943 on the North Fork of the Flathead River , on the western border of Glacier National Park in Montana .
Stričići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стричићи ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Rolandseck is a borough of Remagen in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
WTRY - FM ( 98.3 FM , `` 98.3 TRY '' ) , is a classic hits station licensed to Rotterdam , New York and serving New York 's Capital District and Mohawk Valley .
Rzepnowo ( ʐɛpˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Alcobendas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alkoˈβendas ) ) is a city located in the Community of Madrid , central Spain .
The Philip Eames House is a historic house at 88 Stone House Road in Washington , Massachusetts , near the junction with Summit Hill Road .
Khorramshahr County ( ( xoræmˈʃæhɾ ) , Persian : شهرستان خرمشهر‎ ) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran .
Archeological Site 38CK1 , also known as the Upton Site , is a historic archaeological site located near Gaffney , Cherokee County , South Carolina .
Dutch Neck Elementary School is a public lower elementary school for grades K to 3 located in West Windsor Township , New Jersey , United States .
The Summer of Love was a social phenomenon that occurred during the summer of 1967 , when as many as 100,000 people converged in the Haight - Ashbury neighborhood of San Francisco .
Bongarun ( Persian : بنگرون‎ , also Romanized as Bongarūn ; also known as Bongarū ) is a village in Marz Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens is a center for Japanese arts and culture located west of Delray Beach in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
The William F. Perry Monument is an historical gravestone located at Fairview Cemetery in Bowling Green , Kentucky .
Shenzhen ( ( ʂə́nʈʂə̂n ) ; Chinese : 深圳 ) is a major city in Guangdong Province , China .
Pinhal Grande ( Portuguese meaning `` large pine forest '' ) is a municipality of the central part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Marqach ( Persian : مرقچ‎ ) is a village in Alqurat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sjedove ( Ukrainian : Сєдове ; Russian : Седово ) is a urban - type settlement in Novoazovsk Raion , Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine .
The Roswell and Elizabeth Garst Farmstead Historic District is a farm in Guthrie County , Iowa , United States , near the city of Coon Rapids .
Glenboi is a village located 1 mile North of the town Mountain Ash in the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales The English translation of Glenboi is Wood Valley , `` Glen '' meaning a `` small valley '' and `` boi '' meaning `` wood ''
The Pinnacle Apartments is the tallest building in Newcastle , New South Wales , in Australia .
Librizzi ( Sicilian : Libbrizzi ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) east of Palermo and about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) west of Messina , on a hill between the Timeto and Librizzi streams .
Stetson University is a private , nonprofit university with four colleges and schools located across the I-4 corridor in Central Florida , United States , with the primary undergraduate campus located in DeLand .
The Black Diamond Mines Regional Preserve is a 6,000-acre ( 2,400 ha ) park located north of Mount Diablo in Contra Costa County , California under the administration of the East Bay Regional Park District .
Keydan ( Persian : كيدان‎ , also Romanized as Keydān , Khaidūn , and Kheydūn ) is a village in Shirvan Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
San Jose City College , founded in 1921 , is a community college located in the city of San Jose , Santa Clara County , California .
The Moatfield Ossuary was accidentally discovered during the expansion of a soccer field located in North York , Ontario in the summer of 1997 .
Ilton is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 8 miles ( 12.9 km ) south - east of Taunton , and 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north of Ilminster in the South Somerset district .
Zarudnia ( zaˈrudɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda - Huta , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Yarra Valley is the name given to the region surrounding the Yarra River in Victoria , Australia .
Abu Kheyl - e Arateh ( Persian : ابوخيل ارطه‎ , also Romanized as Abū Kheyl - e Araţeh and Ābū Kheyl Araţeh ; also known as Abūḩeyl - e Arateh ) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Rig Deraz ( Persian : ريگ دراز‎ , also Romanized as Rīg Derāz ) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District , Tukahur District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Reitz Home Museum is a Victorian house museum located in the Riverside Historic District in downtown Evansville , Indiana .
Tarnogórki ( tarnɔˈɡurki ) ( German : Stephanshöhe ) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Harduaganj ( Hindi : हरदुआगंज ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Aligarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Três Marias is a Brazilian municipality΄ in northwestern Minas Gerais .
The Skipanon River is a tributary of the Columbia River , approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) long , on the Pacific coast of northwest Oregon in the United States .
Kaduney - e Vosta ( Persian : كادوني وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Kādūney - e Vosţá ; also known as Delbar Sādāt - e Vosţá and Delbar Sādāt ) is a village in Veysian Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Central Hillside is a neighborhood in Duluth , Minnesota , United States ; located directly uphill from the city 's downtown .
The Plaza de la Patrona de Canarias ( in English Square of the Saint Patron of the Canary Islands ) is a large square in Candelaria , Tenerife ( Canary Islands , Spain ) .
Zenash ( Persian : زنش‎ ) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The York Central Market , also known as Central Market York , is a historic public market located at York , Pennsylvania , York County , Pennsylvania .
Kowalewice Nowe ( kɔvalɛˈvit͡sɛ ˈnɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wellsville , Colorado is a small unincorporated community located on U.S. Highway 50 in western Fremont County , Colorado .
WKHY ( `` 93.5 KHY '' ) is an FM radio station licensed to the city of Lafayette , Indiana .
Kahnehbid ( Persian : كهنه بيد‎ , also Romanized as Kahnehbīd ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ab Rahmat ( Persian : اب رحمت‎ , also Romanized as Āb Raḩmat ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Dingestow ( pronounced /ˈdɪndʒstoʊ/ DINJ - stoh , Welsh : Llanddingad ) is a small village in Monmouthshire , Wales .
Little Rock Union Station , also known as Mopac Station , is a train station in Little Rock , Arkansas , United States served by Amtrak , the national railroad passenger system .
The Friends Meetinghouse and School is an historic Quaker meeting house and adjacent school building at the corner of Schermerhorn Street and Boerum Place in the Boerum Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York City .
Kani Guyz ( Persian : كاني گويز‎‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Gūyz ) is a village in Posht - e Arbaba Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Meeting House of the Second Parish in Woburn is a historic Congregational church at 12 Lexington Street in Burlington , Massachusetts .
Golbahar - e Olya ( Persian : گل بهارعليا‎ , also Romanized as Golbahār - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Borborud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 74 , in 12 families .
Las Stocki ( ˈlas ˈstɔt͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskowola , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Darsavin ( Persian : دارساوين‎ , also Romanized as Darsāvīn ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jackson Memorial Hospital ( also known as `` Jackson '' or abbreviated `` JMH '' ) is a non - profit , tertiary care teaching hospital and the major teaching hospital of the University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine in Miami , Florida .
The Punta Gorda Atlantic Coast Line Depot is a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad depot in Punta Gorda , Florida , United States .
Radeh - ye Sadat ( Persian : رده سادات‎ , also Romanized as Radeh - ye Sādāt ; also known as Sādāt ) is a village in Bahmanshir - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Södermanland County ( Södermanlands län ) is a county or län on the southeast coast of Sweden .
Punta Secca is a small fishing village , a frazione in the Santa Croce Camerina comune , in Ragusa province , Sicily .
The Miami Valley School ( MVS ) is an independent school for grades Pre - K through 12 , located in Dayton , Ohio , founded in 1964 .
Zahed Mahmud ( Persian : زاهدمحمود‎ , also Romanized as Zāhed Maḩmūd ; also known as Zād Maḩmūd ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Duyun ( simplified Chinese : 都匀 ; traditional Chinese : 都勻 ; pinyin : Dūyún ) is the capital of Qiannan Buyei and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in Guizhou province in the People 's Republic of China .
Maple Leaf Mills Silos was one of two silo complexes that built the area between Spadina Quay and Maple Leaf Quay , on Toronto Harbour , in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The John B. Tytus House was the Middletown , Ohio , United States home of John Butler Tytus , who invented a practical hot wide - strip continuous steel - rolling process .
Eltham ( /ˈɛltəm/ ) is a suburban district of south east London , England , in the Royal Borough of Greenwich .
The Chicago Theological Seminary ( CTS ) is an Christian ecumenical American seminary located in Chicago , Illinois , and is one of several seminaries historically affiliated with the United Church of Christ .
Rigaer Straße is a street in Friedrichshain , Berlin that runs from Bersarinplatz in the west to the railway station Frankfurter Allee in the east .
Kolah Kaj ( Persian : كلاه كج‎‎ , also Romanized as Kolāh Kaj ) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Knife Point Glacier is on the east side Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Snatchwood is a small , predominantly working class suburb to the north of Pontypool , Torfaen in Wales .
Varnhalt is a district of Baden - Baden in the state of Baden - Württemberg in southwestern Germany .
Victoria Palace Theatre is a West End theatre in Victoria Street , in the City of Westminster , opposite Victoria Station .
Harmony Heights School is a special education federally funded school for behaviorally and emotionally disturbed girls in East Norwich , New York .
Skrzętla - Rojówka ( ˈskʂɛntla rɔˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pine Creek Lake is a lake in McCurtain County and Pushmataha County , Oklahoma , USA .
Bankers Life Fieldhouse is an indoor arena located in downtown Indianapolis , Indiana , USA .
Sepah Mahalleh ( Persian : سپاه محله‎ , also Romanized as Sepāh Maḩalleh ; also known as Sepāh - e Dānesh ) is a village in Pazevar Rural District , Rudbast District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The former Melbourne Maritime Museum , now Polly Woodside , managed by the National Trust of Australia , is situated in South Wharf on the Yarra River in the city of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Martellago is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Venice , in the Italian region of Veneto .
Apsey Beach is a fishing settlement of the Bay of Islands on the north side of Humber Arm in the St. George District in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Pennypit Park is a sports complex located in the town of Prestonpans in Scotland .
The James A. Ramage Civil War Museum seeks to tell the untold story of Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky 's involvement in the American Civil War .
Wooster Nagar is the name of a small fishing village in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Copperlode Dam or Lake Morris is a fresh water reservoir dam servicing the city of Cairns , Queensland , Australia .
The Wheeler Geologic Area is a highly eroded outcropping of layers of volcanic ash , located in the La Garita Mountains of Mineral County , in southern Colorado in the western United States about 10 miles east north - east of Creede .
Galeh Chogah ( Persian : گله چگاه‎ , also Romanized as Galeh Chogāh ) is a village in Sadat Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vaqfak ( Persian : وقفك‎ ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Galway Lake is located west of Galway ( village ) , New York , in the town of Galway in Saratoga County , New York , USA .
Boathouse on the Lullwater of the Lake in Prospect Park is located in the eastern part of Prospect Park on the northeast shore of The Lake , southeast of the Ravine District in Brooklyn , New York .
Tălmaciu ( German : Talmesch ; Hungarian : Nagytalmács ) is a town in Sibiu County , in central Romania , 20 km south of the county capital Sibiu .
WLVH is a iHeartMedia , Inc .- owned Urban AC radio station in Savannah , Georgia .
Rakvere ( German : Wesenberg or Wesenbergh , Russian : Раквере ) is a town in northern Estonia and the county seat of Lääne - Viru County , 20 km south of the Gulf of Finland .
KCAJ - FM is an Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Roseau , Minnesota , serving Northwest Minnesota , Southeast Manitoba , and Northwest Ontario .
Lake Habeeb is a reservoir of 243 acres ( 0.98 km2 ) and is located in Allegany County , Maryland , United States .
Steggerda ( West Frisian : Steggerde ) is the third largest village of the Dutch municipality of Weststellingwerf .
Penn State New Kensington , located 25 miles ( 40 km ) northeast of Pittsburgh in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania , is one of twenty - four campuses that make up Pennsylvania State University .
Enfield Falls Mill and Miller 's House , also known as Treman House and Mill , is a historic grist mill and former millowner 's residence located at Robert H. Treman State Park near Ithaca in Tompkins County , New York .
Donja Lupljanica ( Serbian : Доња Лупљаница ) is a village in the municipality of Derventa , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Welland River is a river in the Niagara Region of southern Ontario which flows from its headwaters south of Hamilton , Ontario to empty into the Niagara River near the city of Niagara Falls , Ontario .
The Mathematics , Civics and Sciences Charter School ( MCSCS ) is a charter school serving students in grades 1 - -12 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States .
Farm to Market Road 1450 ( FM 1450 ) is a Farm to Market Road in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) .
Harlingen Air Force Base , originally Harlingen Army Airfield , is a former United States Air Force base located in northeast Harlingen , Texas , United States .
Ranger College is a community college located in Ranger , Texas , a small town 90 miles ( 140 km ) west of Fort Worth , Texas .
Yemmiganur or Emmiganur is a municipal town and mandal headquarters in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Jätkäsaari ( Swedish : Busholmen ) is a peninsula and a quarter in Helsinki , the capital city of Finland .
Kralendijk ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkraːlə(n)ˌdɛi̯k ) ) is the capital city and main port of the island of Bonaire in the Caribbean Netherlands .
The Dryden Theatre is located within the George Eastman House , in Rochester , New York in the United States .
Rosecroft Raceway , nicknamed the `` Raceway by the Beltway '' for being close to Interstate 495 , is a harness racing track in Fort Washington , Maryland .
Lebanon National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located just outside the city of Lebanon in Marion County , Kentucky .
Anjil - e Boneh ( Persian : انجيل بنه‎ , also Romanized as Anjīl - e Boneh and Anjīl Beneh ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Andrews Bald is the 62nd - highest mountain in North Carolina , and is located entirely within Swain County .
The Mercer West Tower is a 30-story , 401 ft ( 122 m ) high - rise condominium building located on Sage Street in the uptown district of Houston , Texas , United States .
CJHR - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 98.7 FM , in Renfrew , Ontario with a community radio format .
Deh - e Kan ( Persian : دهكن‎ ) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sugar Loaf Bay is a bay in the Upernavik Archipelago in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
The Camp Jordan Arena is a 4,000-seat multi - purpose arena in East Ridge , Tennessee ( a suburb of Chattanooga ) built in 1993 .
Herridge Lake is a lake in the Temagami region of northern Ontario .
Sealers ' Oven is a man - made structure of mud and stone located at 34 ° 53 ' 40.6 `` S 118 ° 20 ' 2.3 '' E on Waychinicup Inlet near Albany , Western Australia .
Crystal Geyser is located on the east bank of the Green River approximately 4.5 miles ( 7.25 km ) downstream from Green River , Utah .
Wyckoff - Snediker Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery located in the Woodhaven section of the New York City borough of Queens .
West Newark Congregational Church and Cemetery is a historic Congregational church and cemetery located at Newark Valley in Tioga County , New York .
Krasienin - Kolonia ( kraˈɕenin kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Avalon Gardens is a public housing project with 80 units at 701 East 88th Place , Los Angeles , California .
Kochanów Wieniawski ( kɔˈxanuf vjɛˈɲafski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bancroft 's castle was built by General William Bancroft in 1906 atop Gibbet Hill in Groton , Massachusetts .
Lock and Dam No . 10 is a lock and dam located in Guttenberg , Iowa on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 615.0 .
Razgrad Province ( Bulgarian : Област Разград ( Oblast Razgrad ) , former name Razgrad okrug ) is a province in Northeastern Bulgaria , geographically part of the Ludogorie region .
The Great American Tower at Queen City Square , is a 41-story , 665-foot - tall ( 203 m ) skyscraper in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Prynowo ( prɨˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Prinowen , from 1938 - 45 Primsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Aqa Nur - e Sehtan ( Persian : اقانورسه تن‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Nūr - e Sehtan ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bethabara Moravian Church facility was built in 1788 in what is now Winston - Salem , North Carolina .
Northglade Montessori Magnet School is a public elementary magnet school for students grades K-5 , operated by the Kalamazoo Public Schools , located in Kalamazoo , Michigan , USA .
Eimhjellevatnet or Emhjellevatnet ( also known as Storfjorden ) is a lake in Hyen area of Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Kay Vosheh ( Persian : كايوشه‎ , also Romanized as Kāy Vosheh , Kāy Vasheh , and Kīvosheh ; also known as Kāewasheh and Kā’ī Vacheh ) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Hiwassee Dam High School ( HDHS ) in Murphy , North Carolina serves grades 9 - 12 and is one of only three high schools in the Cherokee County Schools .
Abbas Kuh ( Persian : عباسكوه‎ , also Romanized as `` Abbās Kūh ) is a village in Aliyan Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 477 , in 122 families .
Camp Shamineau is a Christian camp located just outside Motley , Minnesota .
Big Squaw Mountain Resort is a ski area in Greenville , Maine .
The Deansboro Railroad Station is a late nineteenth century train depot in the hamlet of Deansboro in Oneida County , New York .
Talkhab - e Hamzeh Ali ( Persian : تلخاب حمزه علي‎ , also Romanized as Talkhāb - e Ḩamzeh `` Alī ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 101 , in 18 families .
Winnemucca Municipal Airport ( IATA : WMC , ICAO : KWMC , FAA LID : WMC ) is six miles southwest of Winnemucca , in Humboldt County , Nevada .
Chahar Afra ( Persian : چهارافرا‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Afrā ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Shomali Rural District , Sorkhrud District , Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Capital Region International Airport ( IATA : LAN , ICAO : KLAN , FAA LID : LAN ) , formerly Lansing Capital City Airport , is a public , Class C airport located 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of downtown Lansing in DeWitt Township , Michigan .
The Pocomoke River stretches approximately 66 miles ( 106 km ) from southern Delaware through southeastern Maryland in the United States .
Creighton Avenue in Crafton , Pennsylvania , was platted in 1895 .
Dammaiguda is an outer suburb of Hyderabad in Rangareddy district in Telangana , India .
Yali Qurt ( Persian : يالي قورت‎ , also Romanized as Yālī Qūrt ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Dames Point Bridge ( officially the Napoleon Bonaparte Broward Bridge ) is a cable - stayed bridge over the St. Johns River in Jacksonville , Florida on the Interstate 295 East Beltway .
Hopperstad Stave Church ( Norwegian : Hopperstad stavkyrkje ) is a stave church , just outside the village of Vikøyri in Vik Municipality , Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Arpa Tappehsi ( Persian : ارپاتپه سي‎ , also Romanized as Ārpā Tappehsī and Ārpātappahsī ; also known as Ārpā Tappeh , Arpatepe , and Meseh Chāy ) is a village in Vilkij - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Narrows Pond is actually two small twin lakes in Winthrop , Maine .
New York Mountain Trail is in the northwestern Sawatch Range , part of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado .
Hovorany ( German Howoran ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Charles O. Boynton House is located in the DeKalb County , Illinois , city of Sycamore .
Lekarzewice ( lɛkaʐɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
RAF Buckminster is a former Royal Air Force base located 2.25 miles ( 3.62 km ) west of Colsterworth , Lincolnshire and 9.3 miles ( 15.0 km ) north east of Melton Mowbray , Leicestershire , England .
Małe Rokitki ( ˈmawɛ rɔˈkitki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Town Centre Montessori Private Schools ( TCMPS ) is a private co - educational Montessori - based school in Markham , Ontario , Canada , founded in 1986 .
Qezel Yul ( Persian : قزل يول‎ , also Romanized as Qezel Yūl ; also known as Qezel Yāl and Qezel Yol ) is a village in Keyvan Rural District , in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Dunellen Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Dunellen , in Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States .
ADNOC Headquarters is a skyscraper office complex located in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates and is the corporate headquarters of the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company ( ADNOC ) .
North Cascades National Park Complex is a complex of the United States National Park Service ( NPS ) located in the north - central portion of the state of Washington .
The Phelps Mansion , formerly known as The Monday Afternoon Clubhouse , is a three story brick and stone mansion located on Court Street in Binghamton , New York .
Nagylapos is a village situated in the peaceful Kálmánháza Nagylapos in Szabolcs - Szatmár - Bereg County , Hungary , located near the city of Gyomaendrőd and Hortobágy National Park .
Kheyr Qoli ( Persian : خيرقلي‎ , also Romanized as Kheyr Qolī ) is a village in Shaban Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Rabor Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رابر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Góry Wysokie ( ˈɡurɨ vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Zbęchy ( ˈzbɛ̃xɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gmina Kolonowskie , German Gemeinde Colonnowska is an urban - rural gmina ( township ) in Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in Upper Silesia in Poland .
The Brainerd Water Tower is located at Sixth and Washington in Brainerd in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
Utti Airport ( IATA : UTI , ICAO : EFUT ) ( Finnish : Utin lentoasema ) is a military airport located in Utti , Kouvola , Finland , 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ; 8 mi ) east of Kouvola city centre .
Mission San Fernando Rey de España is a Spanish mission in the Mission Hills district of Los Angeles , California .
Lay - e Bidun ( Persian : لاي بيدون‎ , also Romanized as Lāy - e Bīdūn and Lāy - ye Bīdūn ) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Towers at Harbor Court is a residential high - rise complex in Baltimore , Maryland .
Bibi Hanna ( Persian : بي بي حنا‎ , also Romanized as ' Bībī Ḩannā ; also known as Zīāratgāh - e Bībī Ḩannā ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Boesmanshoek Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape , on the Regional R397 ( Eastern Cape ) , the road between Molteno , Eastern Cape and Sterkstroom ( South Africa )
Flamengos is a Portuguese civil parish ( Portuguese : freguesia ) on the island of Faial in the archipelago of the Azores .
Hunt Airport ( FAA LID : 9R5 ) is a privately owned , public use airport in San Patricio County , Texas , United States .
Campanha is a town ( município ) in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais .
Króle Małe ( ˈkrulɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rędziny - Kolonia ( rɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Woodward 's Building was a historic building in the Downtown Eastside of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Lepaki Małe ( lɛˈpaki ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Lepacken ( 1938 - 45:Klein Ramecksfelde ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
19th Street Bridge is a two - span through Pratt truss road bridge in Denver , Colorado , over the South Platte River , now used for pedestrians .
Kashele ( Marathi : कशेळे ) is a village near the city of Karjat , in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Mathra is a village in Kollam district in the Indian state of Kerala , located near the town of Punalur .
Herald Square is formed by the intersection of Broadway , Sixth Avenue ( officially named Avenue of the Americas ) , and 34th Street in the borough of Manhattan in New York City .
Jura Kola ( Persian : جوراكلا‎ , also Romanized as Jūrā Kolā ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Toppeladugård Castle ( Swedish : Toppeladugårds slott ) is a castle in Lund Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
The Hochstollen is a mountain of the Urner Alps , located between the Klein Melchtal and the Melchtal in the canton of Obwalden .
The Fortunato Anselmo House , also known as the Ronald L. Beers House , is a house built in 1903 in Late Victorian style in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Holyrood Elementary School is a bilingual school in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada named after Holyrood Palace in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Pusch Ridge Christian Academy is a private school located in northwest Tucson , Arizona on a 48 acres ( 190,000 m2 ) campus .
Chehel Dokhtaran minaret ( Persian : مناره چهل دختران‎‎ ) is a historical minaret in Isfahan , Iran .
Western River Wilderness Protection Area , formerly the Western River Conservation Park , is a protected area on the north coast of Kangaroo Island , South Australia , about 30 km west of Parndana .
Legnaro is a comune in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southwest of Venice and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southeast of Padua .
Barker & Nourse was an architectural firm from Worcester , Massachusetts .
The Ottawa Technical Secondary School ( name changed as of May 1st , 2010 ) is an Ottawa - Carleton District School Board high school in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
The Casper , WY Metropolitan Statistical Area is a United States Census Bureau defined Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) with the principal city being Casper in central State of Wyoming .
The Elmira Civic Historic District is the area of downtown Elmira , New York where the governmental center developed in the town 's early history .
Faith Theological Seminary is a conservative , evangelical Christian seminary founded in 1937 in Baltimore , Maryland .
Grand Rapids , Grand Haven and Muskegon Railway Depot is a historic railway station for the Grand Rapids , Grand Haven and Muskegon Railway in Coopersville , Michigan .
Jarentowskie Pole ( jarɛnˈtɔfskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jokela ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈjɔkɛlɑ ) ) is one of the three administrative centers in the Finnish municipality Tuusula .
The Museum of Life and Science -- previously known as the North Carolina Museum of Life and Science and the NC Children 's Museum -- is a children 's science museum located in Durham , North Carolina , USA , featuring an array of largely hands - on exhibits intended to illustrate concepts of natural science .
Shicheng County ( Chinese : 石城县 ) is a county , under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou , in Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Adirondak Loj is an historic lodge near Lake Placid in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State .
Champagnat Catholic School is a private school with campuses in Miami and Hialeah , Florida , United States .
Donji Vratari ( Serbian : Доњи Вратари ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac , Serbia .
Dąbrówka Słupska ( dɔmˈbrufka ˈswupska ) ( German : Eichenhain ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
WinStar Farm is an American Thoroughbred horse breeding and racing farm near Versailles , Kentucky .
Aria Resort and Casino is a luxury resort and casino , part of the CityCenter complex on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada .
The Rampart Dam or Rampart Canyon Dam was a project proposed in 1954 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to dam the Yukon River in Alaska for hydroelectric power .
Kiến Giang is a township in Lệ Thủy District , Quảng Bình Province , in the North Central Coast region of Vietnam .
Springfield Technical Community College ( STCC ) is the only polytechnic community college in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , located in the city of Springfield .
KKXS ( 96.1 FM , `` XS Sports 96.1 '' ) is a commercial radio station in Redding , California , broadcasting to the Shasta & Tehama County , area .
Yangliuqing ( simplified Chinese : 杨柳青 ; traditional Chinese : 楊柳青 ; pinyin : Yángliǔqīng ) is a market town in Xiqing District , in the western suburbs of Tianjin , People 's Republic of China .
The Historic Columbia River Highway is an approximately 75-mile - long ( 121 km ) scenic highway in the U.S. state of Oregon between Troutdale and The Dalles , built through the Columbia River Gorge between 1913 and 1922 .
Mount Downton is the highest summit of the 10 km ( 6 mi ) diameter Itcha Range , located 40 km ( 25 mi ) northeast of Anahim Lake and 33 km ( 21 mi ) east of Far Mountain in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Serjuče ( pronounced ( sɛˈɾjuːtʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement north of Moravče in central Slovenia .
Mokobody - Kolonia ( mɔkɔˈbɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kusbölehelvetet is a canyon near Gräftåvallen in Berg Municipality , Jämtland County , Sweden , through which runs Helvetesbäcken ( Hell creek ) , home to Arctic char .
Torshishuiyeh ( Persian : ترشي شوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Torshīshū’īyeh ; also known as Torshī Shū ) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Cheshmeh Gush Latif ( Persian : چشمه گش لطيف‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gūsh Laṭīf ; also known as Cheshmeh Gūsh and Cheshmeh Gosh ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Tijuana River Estuary is an intertidal coastal wetland at the mouth of the Tijuana River in San Diego County , California , USA bordering Tijuana , Baja California .
Kalateh - ye Bashim ( Persian : كلاته بشيم‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Bashīm ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hall Green is an area in south - east Birmingham , England .
The Hoh Rainforest is located on the Olympic Peninsula in western Washington state , USA .
Stanton St Quintin is a small village and civil parish in the county of Wiltshire in England .
Expected to be completed in celebration of its 35th year , the AMA Computer University Town is a 50-hectare property in Ara Vista Village in General Trias , Cavite It draws its inspiration from old universities in the western world that spurred rapid development in the Host Township .
In addition to the typical bottomland habitats of the Mississippi Delta , Morgan Brake National Wildlife Refuge includes a unique mile of north - facing loess bluffs on the east side of the refuge .
Widoma ( viˈdɔma ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwanowice , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
KPFZ - FM is an FM radio station that broadcasts a community radio format to Lake County , California .
Eastway Gardens is a small neighbourhood in Alta Vista Ward in the east end of Ottawa , Canada .
Pathalam is a suburban region of the city of Kochi , in the state of Kerala , India .
Miranda do Corvo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( miˈɾɐ̃dɐ ðu ˈkoɾvu ) ) is a town and a municipality in Coimbra District , Portugal .
Domatków ( dɔˈmatkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Dada Mahalleh ( Persian : دادامحله‎ , also Romanized as Dādā Maḩalleh ; also known as Dādād Maḩalleh ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Stare Młodochowo ( ˈstarɛ mwɔdɔˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Valea Vinului ( Hungarian : Szamosborhíd , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈsɒmoʃborhiːd ) ) is a commune of 2,334 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Chiang Khian ( Thai : เชียงเคี่ยน ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Thoeng District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Paynes Creek Historic State Park is a Florida State Park located on Lake Branch Road one - half mile southeast of Bowling Green , Florida .
The Big Bend Cowboy Hall of Fame , will be housed in a museum scheduled to open three miles east of Marfa , Texas , in 2007 .
Hajjiabad - e Naseri ( Persian : حاجي اباد ناصري‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Nāşerī ) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District , Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Monte San Vito is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region Marche , located about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) west of Ancona , in the lower Esino valley .
Sari Miri ( Persian : ساري ميري‎‎ , also Romanized as Sārī Mīrī ; also known as Sarimiri ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Tarong Power Station is a coal fired power station located on a 1,500 hectares ( 3,700 acres ) site near the Burnett River and Nanango , in Queensland , Australia .
Gedser is a town at the southern tip of the Danish island of Falster in the Guldborgsund Municipality in Sjælland region .
Becharof National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in the Aleutian Range of the Alaska Peninsula of southwestern Alaska .
Porta Vigentina was one of the city gates in the Spanish walls of Milan , Italy .
The Musée Ariana , also known as the Musée suisse de la céramique et du verre ( Swiss Museum of Ceramics and Glass ) , is a museum in Geneva , Switzerland .
New Southgate railway station is on the boundary of the London Borough of Barnet and the London Borough of Enfield in north London , and is in Travelcard Zone 4 .
The Gregor S. and Elizabeth B. Affleck House , also known as the Affleck house , is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home in Bloomfield Hills , Michigan in Metro Detroit .
McCarthy Beach State Park is a state park of Minnesota , USA , on the Sturgeon Lake chain near Hibbing .
Jeziorany - Kolonie ( jɛʑɔˈranɨ kɔˈlɔɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mian Band ( Persian : ميان بند‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Band ) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mount Mitchill in Atlantic Highlands , New Jersey , United States , at 266 feet ( 81 meters ) , is the highest headland of the United States east coast south of Maine .
Shahrak - e Almahdi ( Persian : شهرك المهدي‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Almahdī ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Opa - locka Company administration building is a historic site in Opa - locka , Florida .
Miantang - e Olya ( Persian : ميان تنگعليا‎ , also Romanized as Mīāntang - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 68 , in 16 families .
Tang - e Madul ( Persian : تنگ مدول‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Madūl ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Southern Union State Community College is a public , two - year college located in Wadley , Alabama , USA .
Wormie ( ˈvɔrmjɛ ) ( German : Wormen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Albert Gallatin High School is a public High School , serving nearly 1,111 students ( 2010 ) in the eight south - western municipalities of Fayette County , Pennsylvania .
300 Park Avenue South ( previously , Mills & Gibb building ; currently , The Creative Arts Center ) is a building on the northwest corner of East 22nd Street in the Flatiron District / Gramercy Park neighborhoods of Manhattan , New York City .
Shalqun ( Persian : شالقون‎ , also Romanized as Shālqūn ; also known as Shelgun ) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Holter Dam is a hydroelectric straight gravity dam on the Missouri River about 45 miles ( 72 km ) northeast of Helena , Montana , in the United States .
Roberta 's is a New American pizzeria in Brooklyn , New York .
Portsmouth Mine Pit Lake , sometimes called the Portsmouth Pit , is the deepest lake completely within the state of Minnesota .
Krzecko ( ˈkʂɛt͡skɔ ) ( formerly German Kreitzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Temple of Saturn ( Latin : Templum Saturni or Aedes Saturnus , Italian : Tempio di Saturno ) is a temple to the god Saturn in ancient Rome .
The Ellis School is an independent , all - girls , college - preparatory school located in the Shadyside neighborhood in the East End of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Kromolin ( krɔˈmɔlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Marconi Trail is a scenic roadway in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
KRKV ( 107.3 FM , `` Variety Rock 107 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock music format and is licensed to Las Animas , Colorado , United States .
Bish Aghaj ( Persian : بيش اغاج‎ , also Romanized as Bīsh Āghāj ; also known as Besh Āghāch and Bīsheh Āghāj ) is a village in Jowkar Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Havang - e Pain ( Persian : هاونگ پائين‎ , also Romanized as Hāvang - e Pā’īn ; also known as Hāvanān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Budyty ( buˈdɨtɨ ) ( German : Vorwerk Buditten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tribune Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park located on Hornby Island in British Columbia , Canada .
Jurandów ( juˈranduf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jaziewo ( jaˈʑevɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Dalton Covered Bridge , also called the Dalton Bridge , is a historic covered bridge that carries Joppa Road over the Warner River in Warner , New Hampshire .
WFMU is a listener - supported , independent community radio station headquartered in Jersey City , New Jersey , United States , broadcasting at 91.1 ( at 90.1 as WMFU , and at 91.9 as W219DQ ) MHz FM , presenting a freeform radio format .
Batman Highway is a two - lane rural highway in northern Tasmania .
Montreal Zen Center ( French : Centre Zen de Montréal ) is a Sōtō / Rinzai Zen Buddhist sangha located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada in the Harada Tangen / Haku'un Yasutani line .
Echo Valley Ski Area is a small ski area located near Chelan , Washington , United States .
Boyd Lagoon is a lagoon in the Gibson Desert of Western Australia , to the northwest of Tjirrkarli Community and to the southwest of Lake Breaden .
Canyon Ridge High School is a public secondary school in Twin Falls , Idaho , operated by the Twin Falls School District # 411 .
Garces Memorial High School , commonly shortened to Garces High School , is a Catholic high school in Bakersfield , California .
The Tinton Falls School District is a regional elementary school district in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grades .
Kolonia Konopki ( kɔˈlɔɲa kɔˈnɔpkʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Usk ( Welsh : Brynbuga ) is a small town in Monmouthshire , south - east Wales , situated 10 miles ( 16 km ) northeast of Newport .
Stroumpi or Stroumbi is a small village in central Paphos District , Cyprus , and halfway between Paphos and Polis .
Blyth Bridge is a small hamlet in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , near to West Linton .
The Hunterdon County Vocational School District is a technical and vocational public school district serving students in ninth through twelfth grades and adult learners , located in Flemington , and serving the entire Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States community .
Rudniczysko ( rudniˈt͡ʂɨskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Jagiełła ( jaˈɡʲɛu̯wa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tryńcza , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Providence Street Firehouse is a historic former firestation at 98 Providence Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Mileto ( Greek : Miletos ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) south of Vibo Valentia .
Chengxi District ( Chinese : 城西区 ; pinyin : Chéngxī Qū ) is a district in Xining municipality , Qinghai , China .
Cape Fear Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church near Hope Mills in Grays Creek Township , Cumberland County , North Carolina .
Rudbar - e Deh Sar ( Persian : رودبارده سر‎ , also Romanized as Rūdbār - e Deh Sar ) is a village in Kojid Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sartitan ( Persian : سرتيتان‎ , also Romanized as Sartītān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Sheats Apartments , also known as L'Horizon and sometimes mistakenly as the Sheets Apartments , is a historic eight - unit , multi - family building located at 10919 Strathmore Drive , in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles , California .
Sołeczno ( sɔˈwɛt͡ʂnɔ ) ( German : Salzwerder ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The History Museum at the Castle is a local history museum located in downtown Appleton , Wisconsin across College Avenue from Lawrence University .
The Abundant Living Faith Center is a nondenominational , multicultural church in El Paso , Texas , USA , with about 20,000 members in 2009 .
The Bridge Street Neck Historic District is a predominantly residential historic district in Salem , Massachusetts .
The Université du Québec à Montréal ( UQÀM ) is a comprehensive public university based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Ayres Natural Bridge Park is a county park in Converse County , Wyoming in the United States .
Giddarbaha ( Punjabi : ਗਿੱਦੜਬਾਹਾ ) is a city and a municipal council in Muktsar district , in the Indian state of Punjab .
Galeh Mu ( Persian : گله موه‎ , also Romanized as Galeh Mū ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Markotów Duży ( marˈkɔtuf ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Namba Parks ( なんばパークス Nanba Pākusu ) is an office and shopping complex located in Namba - naka Nichome , Naniwa - ku , Osaka , Japan , the south of Namba Station on Nankai Railway .
Xlendi Tower ( Maltese : Torri tax - Xlendi ) is a small watchtower near Xlendi Bay , within the limits of Munxar on the island of Gozo in Malta .
The Addison Airport Toll Tunnel , also known as the Addison Airport Tunnel and the Addison Toll Tunnel , is part of the North Texas Tollway Authority ( NTTA ) system and extends Keller Springs Road under the Addison Airport property .
Pernik Province is a province in western Bulgaria , neighbouring Serbia .
The City of Bendigo was a local government area covering the central area and inner western suburbs of the regional city of Bendigo , Victoria , Australia .
Lassila ( Finnish ) , Lassas ( Swedish ) is a neighborhood in western Helsinki , Finland .
Kap Tong ( Chinese : 蛤塘 ) is a village in the Sha Tau Kok District of Hong Kong , China .
The tiny village of Dalgarven in North Ayrshire , Scotland is located just north of Kilwinning on the road to Dalry .
Hampshire Regional High School is a regional secondary school located in Westhampton , Massachusetts for students in grades 7 - -12 .
The Ponce de Leon Inlet Light is a lighthouse and museum located at Ponce de León Inlet in Central Florida .
Turners Falls Airport ( FAA LID : 0B5 ) is a town owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Montague , a town in Franklin County , Massachusetts , United States .
Sormoshk ( Persian : سرمشك‎ ; also known as Sūrmeshk ) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
George H. Crosby Manitou State Park is a state park of Minnesota , USA , located between Tettegouche State Park and Temperance River State Park on the North Shore of Lake Superior , near the communities of Little Marais and Finland .
1 Merchant Square is a 42-storey 150 m tall building under construction in Paddington , London .
The Edwin E. Benedict House is a house located on Cox Island near Florence , Oregon , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Dasht - e Bozorg ( Persian : دشت بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Dasht Bozorg and Dasht - ī - Būzūrg ) is a village in Aghili - ye Jonubi Rural District , Aghili District , Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Novosibirsk Oblast ( Russian : Новосиби́рская о́бласть , Novosibirskaya oblast ) is a federal subject of Russia ( an oblast ) located in southwestern Siberia .
Elizabeth Harden Gilmore House , also known as Minotti - Gilmore House or Harden and Harden Funeral Home , is a historic home and national historic district located at Charleston , West Virginia .
The Strathglass Park District , located in Rumford , Maine , encompasses one of the nation 's finest early 20th - century mill worker housing complexes .
Abbey Road Studios ( formerly known as EMI Studios ) is a recording studio located at 3 Abbey Road , St John 's Wood , City of Westminster , London , England .
Kurumbur ( Tamil : குரும்பூர் ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of tuticorin district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The 52nd Place Historic District is a historic district consisting of American Craftsman style homes in the Central - Alameda neighborhood of the South Los Angeles , California .
Sachigo Lake Airport , ( IATA : ZPB , ICAO : CZPB ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) north of the First Nations community of Sachigo Lake , Ontario , Canada .
Tal Shakari Fazel Posheh Kan ( Persian : تل شكاري فاضل پشه كان‎ , also Romanized as Tal Shakārī Fāz̤el Posheh Kān ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bundaberg Base Hospital is the public hospital of Bundaberg , Queensland , Australia .
Notre Dame College Prep is a male - only Roman Catholic secondary school founded in Niles , Illinois in 1955 by the Congregation of Holy Cross .
Capotille ( Haitian Creole : Kapotiy ) is a commune in the Ouanaminthe Arrondissement , in the Nord - Est Department of Haiti .
Bender 's Restaurant is a historic restaurant and commercial building in downtown Canton , Ohio , United States .
The abandoned O & W Railroad Station at Port Ben is located on Tow Path Road in the Town of Wawarsing , New York , United States .
The Fink - Type Truss Bridge was located in the Allerton section of Clinton Township , Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States .
The Waitoa River is a major river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Jintang Bridge ( Chinese : 金塘大桥 ; pinyin : Jīntáng dàqiáo ) is a highway bridge with a cable - stayed bridge portion , built in Zhejiang , China on the Zhoushan Archipelago , the largest offshore island group in China .
Sapatgram ( IPA : ˈsæpətˌgræm ) is a town and a town area committee in Dhubri district in the Indian state of Assam .
Emory University School of Law ( also known as Emory Law or ELS ) is a US law school that is part of Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia .
Montuïri is municipality in central Majorca , one of the Balearic Islands , Spain .
Aliabad - e Jowhari ( Persian : علي اباد جوهرئ‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Jowharī ; also known as Sa``dābād ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 61 , in 13 families .
The Water of Aven ( or A'an ) ( Scottish Gaelic : an t - Uisge Bàn ) is a tributary of the Water of Feugh , itself the largest tributary of the River Dee , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Piskorczyn ( piˈskɔrt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzuze , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Bucktail State Park Natural Area is a 16,433-acre ( 6,650 ha ) Pennsylvania state park in Cameron and Clinton Counties in Pennsylvania in the United States .
Kraszewo - Falki ( kraˈʂɛvɔ ˈfalki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Shahrak - e Shahid Bahnar Jadval - e Now ( Persian : شهرك شهيدباهنرجدول نو‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Shahīd Bāhnar Jadval - e Now ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , Hasanabad District , Eqlid County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gdola ( ˈɡdɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda - Huta , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Rand Tower is a 26-story high rise in Minneapolis , Minnesota , USA that was one of the city 's tallest structures when it was completed in 1929 .
Brandywine Avenue School was a historic school located at Schenectady in Schenectady County , New York .
Vuntut National Park is a national park located in northern Yukon , Canada .
The Tuckerton Seaport is a working maritime village and museum located in Tuckerton , New Jersey , United States .
Mortimer Common , generally referred to as Mortimer , is a village in the civil parish of Stratfield Mortimer in Berkshire .
William L. Finley National Wildlife Refuge is a natural area in the Willamette Valley in Oregon , United States .
The Salk School of Science is a junior high school , located in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
Cooper Hewitt , Smithsonian Design Museum is a design museum located in the Upper East Side 's Museum Mile in Manhattan , New York City .
Howz Koti ( Persian : حوض كتي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩowẕ Kotī ) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Castle Tucker is a mansion in Wiscasset , Maine , USA .
Jenkins Airport ( FAA LID : 15N ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) west of the central business district of Wyoming , a town in Kent County , Delaware , United States .
Naviar ( Persian : ناويار‎ , also Romanized as Nāvīār ; also known as Nāvīā , Nāvayān , and Nāvīyā ) is a village in Shoqan Rural District , Jolgeh Shoqan District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yunyang County ( Chinese : 云阳县 ; pinyin : Yúnyáng Xiàn ) is a county of Chongqing Municipality in China .
Piz Maler is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps , located south of Sedrun in the canton of Graubünden .
The Spencer W. Kimball Tower , also known as the SWKT /ˈswɪkɨt/ or Kimball Tower , is a 12-story building that houses classrooms and administrative offices on the Brigham Young University campus in Provo , Utah .
Jatusana is a village and block of Rewari district in Haryana .
Prairie du Chien Municipal Airport ( IATA : PCD , ICAO : KPDC , FAA LID : PDC ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of the central business district of Prairie du Chien , a city in Crawford County , Wisconsin , United States .
Romaliny ( rɔmaˈlinɨ ) ( German : Rohman Abbau ; 1921 - 45 : Rohmanshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Bourglinster ( Luxembourgish : Buerglënster , German : Burglinster ) is a small town in the commune of Junglinster , in central Luxembourg .
Fort Klock , a fortified stone homestead in the Mohawk River Valley of New York State , was built c.1750 by Johannes Klock .
Walsden is a large village in the civil parish of Todmorden in the Metropolitan Borough of Calderdale , West Yorkshire , England , though historically in Lancashire and close to the modern boundary with Greater Manchester .
Feshan ( Persian : فشان‎ , also Romanized as Feshān ) is a village in Gel Berenji Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bijgerd ( Persian : بيج گرد‎ , also Romanized as Bījgerd ; also known as Bīzh Gerd ) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Sunshine Coast Grammar School is a private Christian school located in Forest Glen , a some - what rural town on Queensland 's Sunshine Coast .
Écomusée vosgien de la brasserie is a museum and brewery in Ville - sur - Illon , Vosges , France .
Dzitás Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` plant name : mamay or plantain `` ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 456.03 km2 ) of land and is located roughly 125 km east of the city of Mérida .
Clark 's Conveniency is a historic home located near Pomona , Kent County , Maryland , United States .
The Cullman - Heyman Tennis Center is a tennis complex located on the campus of Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
Llanrhystud is a seaside village , post town and electoral division on the A487 road in the county of Ceredigion , nine miles south of Aberystwyth , Wales .
Bonner Springs High School is the public secondary school in Bonner Springs , Kansas , USA .
Riverside , The Farnsley - Moremen Landing is a historic 300-acre ( 120 ha ) farm and house in Southwest Louisville , Kentucky along the banks of the Ohio River .
Narenjbon - e Pain ( Persian : نارنج بن پايين‎ , also Romanized as Nārenjbon - e Pā’īn ; also known as Nārenj Bon ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Clark Thread Company Historic District , located at 900 Passaic Avenue , East Newark , Hudson County , New Jersey , United States , is a large mill complex .
Pomaski Wielkie ( pɔˈmaski ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Asheville Female College was the first institution of higher education in the western portion of North Carolina , founded as the Asheville Female Seminary in 1841 by John Dickson , M.D. and Rev. Erasmus Rowley , D.D. The school had its first quarters on the corner of Patton Avenue and Church Street in Asheville , North Carolina .
Austintown Fitch High School ( aka Fitch , AFHS or sometimes FHS ) is a public high school in Austintown , Ohio , near Youngstown , USA .
Ellingsrud consists of Ellingsrudåsen , Bakås , Fjeldstad , Karihaugen , Munkebekken , and the small area of Kaiekroken , located in the far east close to Furuset and Lindeberg .
The Duncan Tunnel ( also known as the Edwardsville Tunnel ) is a railroad tunnel in Edwardsville , Floyd County , Indiana , USA .
Ellisland Farm ( NX930838 ) and museum lies about 6.5 mi/10.4 km northwest of Dumfries in village of Auldgirth , located in the Parish of Dunscore , Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
The Portland Saturday Market is an outdoor arts and crafts market in Portland , Oregon .
Günnigfeld is a district of Bochum , a city in the Ruhr area of North Rhine - Westphalia , western Germany .
Tuxford is a village and a civil parish on the southern edge of the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire , England .
The Black Butte River is located in the Mendocino National Forest of northern California in Glenn and Mendocino counties .
The Ruhstaller Building , listed on the National Register of Historic Places , is a historic building located in the heart of Downtown Sacramento , California , USA .
The Leitha Mountains ( German : Leithagebirge ; Hungarian : Lajta - hegység ) are a range of low mountains in Austria lying on the boundary between Lower Austria and Burgenland .
The Central New Brunswick Woodsmen 's Museum is a Canadian forestry museum located in Boiestown , New Brunswick .
SS William Lawrence Shipwreck Site is a historic shipwreck and archaeological site located near Hilton Head Island , Beaufort County , South Carolina .
The Rensselaer Carnegie Library in Rensselaer , Indiana is a building from 1905 .
Juventus Stadium , sometimes simply known in Italy as the Stadium , is an all - seater football stadium in the Vallette borough of Turin , Italy , and the home of Serie A club Juventus Football Club .
Kash Qalman - e Pain ( Persian : كشقلمان پائين‎ , also Romanized as Kash Qalmān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Band - e Zarak Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Hogsback Pass , is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa .
Omand 's Creek runs throughout Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Łosinno ( wɔˈɕinnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Masha - ye Abbas Zu ol Faqari ( Persian : مشاع عباس ذوالفقاري‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye ʿAbbās Ẕū ol Faqārī ) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Teluk Rubiah is a beach in Manjung district , Perak , Malaysia .
High Gate ( also known as the James Edwin Watson House or Ross Funeral Home ) is a historic residence located at 800 Fairmont Avenue in Fairmont , West Virginia .
Barnstable State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest located in Barnstable .
Indrapuri ( Hindi : इन्द्रपुरी ) is a town in Bhopal , India , in the BHEL township in the city of Bhopal .
White River Falls State Park is a state park in north central Oregon .
Penobscot Valley High School ( PVHS ) is a 9 - -12 school serving approximately 238 students in Howland , Maine .
Pine Mountain Lake Airport ( FAA LID : E45 ) , formerly Q68 , is a public airport located three miles ( 4.8 km ) northeast of Groveland , serving Tuolumne County , California , USA .
The Veluwe is a forest - rich ridge of hills ( 1100 km2 ) in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands .
Łubno Opace ( ˈwubnɔ ɔˈpat͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Roszowice ( rɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Roschowitzdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisek , within Kędzierzyn - Koźle County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Skwierczyn - Wieś ( ˈskfjɛrt͡ʂɨn ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Prairie Dog State Park is a state park located southwest of Norton , Kansas , United States .
Crichton Collegiate Church is situated about 0.6 miles ( 0.97 km ) south west of the hamlet of Crichton in Midlothian , Scotland .
Atascadero State Hospital ( ASH ) is located on the central coast of California , in San Luis Obispo County , halfway between Los Angeles and San Francisco .
Ruran ( Persian : روران‎ , also Romanized as Rūrān ) is a village in Baraan - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Pilgrim Memorial State Park comprises two monuments in Plymouth , Massachusetts :
Blue Springs Creek Conservation Area consists of 859 acres ( 3.48 km2 ) about 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) southwest of Bourbon , Missouri .
Jans Bay is a northern hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan .
Shir Morgh ( Persian : شيرمرغ‎ , also Romanized as Shīr Morgh ) is a village in Qaen Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
New Castle and Frenchtown Railroad Right - of - Way is a railroad right of way connecting Frenchtown , Cecil County , Maryland , and Porter , New Castle County , Delaware .
Lurigancho - Chosica is a district of the Lima Province in Peru , located in the valley of the Rímac River which it shares with neighboring Chaclacayo and Ate districts .
Brudzawy ( bruˈd͡zavɨ ) ( German : Brausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Old Dominion University also known as ODU is a public , co - educational research university located in Norfolk , Virginia , United States , with two satellite campuses in the Hampton Roads area .
Villa Somaglia - Balconi is a residential complex located in Brugherio , consisting of a main house and some accompanying buildings , which are separated from the original structure of the villa by Via Marsala , which leads from Moncucco to Carugate .
Blindcrake is a village and civil parish within the Isel Valley , in the Lake District National Park and in the Allerdale district of Cumbria , England .
Morgan G. Bulkeley Stadium was a sporting event stadium located in Hartford , Connecticut and the site of Babe Ruth 's final baseball game .
The Thermopolis Main Post Office in Thermopolis , Wyoming was built as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department .
The Boston Sculptors Gallery is a cooperative sculpture gallery in Boston , Massachusetts .
Davariyeh ( Persian : داوريه‎ , also Romanized as Dāvarīyeh ; also known as Gonbeyeh Kan ) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District , Kadkan District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
John 's Grill is a historical restaurant in San Francisco , California at 63 Ellis Street .
The Nicholas Marnach House is the restored home of a Luxembourgian pioneer family in Whitewater Township , Minnesota , United States , built 1857 - -1860 .
Akto County ( Kyrgyz : ﺍﻗﺘﻮﻭ وودانى/Актоо ооданы ; Chinese : 阿克陶县 ; pinyin : Ākètáo Xiàn ; Uyghur : ئاقتو ناھىيىسى‎ , ULY : Aqto Nahiyisi , UYY : Ak̡to Nah̡iyisi ? ) is a county in Kizilsu Kirghiz Autonomous Prefecture , Xinjiang , China .
The Ingakslugwat Hills are a group of at least 32 small cinder cones and eight larger craters in western Alaska , United States .
The main campus of the University of Chicago consists of 211 acres ( 85.4 ha ) in the Chicago neighborhoods of Hyde Park and Woodlawn , seven miles ( 11 km ) south of downtown Chicago .
Marietta Square , also called Glover Park , is a park and traditional city center in Marietta , Georgia .
Salehabad - e Hesar - e Shalpush ( Persian : صالح ابادحصارشالپوش‎ , also Romanized as Şāleḩābād - e Ḩeşār - e Shālpūsh ; also known as Şāleḩābād and Şāleḩābād - e Şādeq ) is a village in Malard Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Henry Hickert Building , located at 104 W. 4th in Bird City , Kansas , is a historic building dating from 1920 .
The Arghistan District ( Pashto : ارغستان ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی ارغستان‎ ) is a district situated in the northeastern part of Kandahar Province , Afghanistan .
Aurora Plaza is a 185 m high skyscraper in the Pudong financial district , Lujiazui , of Shanghai , China , that was completed in 2003 .
The Massanetta Springs Historic District is a retreat in Rockingham County , Virginia , administered by the Presbyterian Synod of Virginia , and chiefly associated with the Massanetta Springs Summer Bible Conference Encampment .
The Scottsburg Depot is a historical railroad depot in Scottsburg , Indiana .
The City Investing Building was an early New York City skyscraper , erected in 1908 as one of the largest buildings of its era .
WNEX - FM is a radio station serving the middle Georgia area with a Oldies music format .
The Bartlett Dam is a concrete multiple - arch buttress dam on the Verde River , located 50 km northeast of Phoenix , Arizona .
Burton in Lonsdale is a village and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire , England , close to the border with Lancashire .
Craigie Castle ( NGR NS 40848 31699 ) in the old Barony of Craigie , is a ruined fortification situated about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) southeast of Kilmarnock and 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) southeast of Craigie village , in the Civil Parish of Craigie , South Ayrshire , Scotland .
The Almonaster Avenue Bridge is a bascule bridge in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Cham Mokhtar ( Persian : چممختار‎ , also Romanized as Cham Mokhtār ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Jekyll & Hyde Club is a theme restaurant owned by Eerie World Entertainment in the Manhattan borough of New York City , New York .
O Rosal is a municipality in the province of Pontevedra in the autonomous community Galicia , Spain .
Community Hospital North is a hospital located in the Castleton neighborhood of Indianapolis , Indiana , USA .
The Mountain Pavilion was an inn located in Weehawken , New Jersey during the 19th century .
The Thompson and Powell Martyrs Monument is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in St. Joseph , Kentucky , one of only three locations of the NRHP in Daviess County , Kentucky that is not in Owensboro , Kentucky .
San Filippo del Mela ( Sicilian : San Filippu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) east of Palermo and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) west of Messina .
Pilsbury is a hamlet in the English county of Derbyshire , approximately 2 miles north of Hartington .
Sikorki ( ɕiˈkɔrki ) ( German : Zickerke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northwestern Poland .
Nuraz ( Persian : نوراز‎ , also Romanized as Nūrāz ; also known as Nūzār ) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Baylor Research and Innovation Collaborative ( BRIC ) is the flagship project for the Central Texas Technology and Research Park , an initiative by organizations and higher educational institutions in Central Texas to develop , promote and market science and engineering technologies , university research and advanced technology training and workforce development .
Parc Ela ( Rumantsch : Ela Park ) is a Nature Park in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
Ramarama , previously known as Sheppards Bush , is a small community at the far south of the Auckland Region in New Zealand 's North Island , located just to the north of the Bombay Hills ( a point commonly regarded as the most southern part of the Auckland region ) .
The Calcasieu River Bridge , officially named the World War II Memorial Bridge in June 1951 is a trough truss located on Interstate 10 between Lake Charles , Louisiana and Westlake , Louisiana .
The Hildreth - Robbins House ( also known as Red Wing Farm ) is a historic house at 19 Maple Road in Chelmsford , Massachusetts .
Halchowk Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Kathmandu within the Bagmati Zone of Nepal .
Stockwell Garage is a large bus garage in Stockwell , in the London Borough of Lambeth , which opened in April 1952 .
St Athernase Church is a Romanesque church located in Leuchars , Fife , Scotland .
Mostówek ( mɔsˈtuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo - Borki , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Engleside Christian School is a Pre - kindergarten through 6th grade primary private school in Alexandria , Virginia .
Shani Shingnapur or Shani Shinganapur ( Marathi : शनी शिंगणापुर ) or Shingnapur or Sonai ( Marathi : सोनाई ) is a village in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Tamworth High School is situated in Willis Street South Tamworth , Tamworth , New South Wales , Australia .
Bowmansville Roller Mill , also known as the Von Nieda Mill , is a historic roller mill and national historic district located at Bowmansville , Brecknock Township in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Stockwell Hall , completed in 1940 at a cost of $ 1 million , is a formerly all - female ( now coed ) residence hall at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
The Henry Dinwoody House , at 411 East 100 South , Salt Lake City , Utah , is a Late Victorian house that was designed by Richard Kletting , architect of the Utah State Capitol .
Kathiraon ( Hindi : कठिरॉव ) is a village in Pindra Tehsil of Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Shurab Khan ( Persian : شوراب خان‎ , also Romanized as Shūrāb Khān and Shūrāb - e Khān ; also known as Shūrāb ) is a village in Qaslan Rural District , Serishabad District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Blaubeuren Abbey ( Kloster Blaubeuren in German ) was a house of the Benedictine Order located in Blaubeuren , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
KTIS - FM ( 98.5 FM ) is a contemporary Christian music formatted radio station located in Minneapolis , Minnesota owned and operated by Northwestern College ( renamed in 2013 as University of Northwestern - Saint Paul ) ..
Padgett Lake is a natural freshwater lake of irregular shape on the north side of Lake Wales , Florida .
KYSX is a commercial radio station licensed to Billings , Montana , USA , broadcasting on 105.1 FM .
The Attakwaskloof Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa on the off - road between Mossel Bay and Oudtshoorn .
Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes , more simply known as Gran Via , is one of Barcelona 's major avenues .
Kayah State ( Burmese : ကယားပြည်နယ် , pronounced : ( kəjá pjìnɛ̀ ) formerly , Karenni State ) is a state of Myanmar .
Alpine Astrovillage Lü - Stailas ( AAV Lü - Stailas ) is an astronomy and astrophotography center in Lü , a tiny village in Val Müstair , canton Graubünden , Switzerland .
Thomas B. Coursey House is a historic home located north of Coursey Pond near Felton , Kent County , Delaware .
The Cité du Cinéma is a film studio complex supported by the film director and producer Luc Besson , located in Saint - Denis , north of Paris .
The Renfrew County District School Board ( RCDSB , known as English - language Public District School Board No . 28 prior to 1999 ) is the administrative body overseeing the operations of the primary and secondary schools in the County of Renfrew in Ontario , Canada .
Tarbor - e Lay Bisheh ( Persian : تربرلاي بيشه‎ , also Romanized as Tarbor - e Lāy Bīsheh ; also known as Tarbor - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Darian Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dockery Lake Recreation Area , located in northeast Georgia near the town of Dahlonega , is a US Forest Service campground and day - use area constructed next to a small pond .
Kolonia Księżyno ( kɔˈlɔɲa kɕɛ̃ˈʐɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Great Blakenham is a small village near Ipswich , in Suffolk UK .
Lianmeng Road Subdistrict ( simplified Chinese : 联盟路街道 ; traditional Chinese : 聯盟路街道 ; pinyin : Liánméng Lù Jiēdào ; literally : `` union road '' ) is a subdistrict of Xinhua District , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , People 's Republic of China .
Singlewell or Ifield is the name given to the area south of Gravesend in Kent , England .
Menlo Park Presbyterian Church , called Menlo Church , is a congregation located in Menlo Park , California , San Mateo , Mountain View and San Jose .
Naft Sefid ( Persian : نفت سفيد‎ , also Romanized as Naft Sefīd , Nafte - e Sefĭd , Naft - e Safīd , and Naft - e Sefīd ; also known as Naft Seqīd ) is a village in Gazin Rural District , Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Charles M. and Emma M. Fischer Fleshman House is a historical residence located in Hawarden , Iowa , United States .
Dąbrówka Drygalska ( dɔmˈbrufka drɨˈɡalska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Zamzerj ( Persian : زمزرج‎ , also Romanized as Zamzarj ; also known as Zamzerch ) is a village in Balvard Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Warzymice ( vaʐɨˈmit͡sɛ ) ( German Reinkendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Murray Maxwell Bay ( formerly : Murray Maxwell Inlet ; Inuktitut : Tasiujaq ) is an uninhabited waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
The Japan Coast Guard Museum is a museum dedicated to the Japanese Coast Guard in Kure , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan .
Oberlin College is a private liberal arts college in Oberlin , Ohio , noteworthy for having been the first American institution of higher learning to regularly admit female and black students in addition to white males .
Lake Accotink is a reservoir in North Springfield in Fairfax County , Virginia , United States .
Dobrilugk Abbey ( Kloster Dobrilugk ) was a Cistercian monastery in Lower Lusatia in the territory of the present town of Doberlug - Kirchhain , Brandenburg , Germany .
Przykwa ( ˈpʂɨkfa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
KTMT - FM ( 93.7 FM , `` Now FM '' ) is a commercial contemporary hits music radio station in Medford , Oregon , USA , broadcasting to the Medford - Ashland , Oregon area .
The Delaware and Ulster Railroad ( DURR ) is a heritage railroad based in Arkville , New York .
The Samuel Fleming House , also known as Flemington Castle , is an historic home located in Flemington , in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States , built in 1756 .
The Baird Mountains are a mountain range located northeast of the Kotzebue Sound , in between the Kobuk and Noatak Rivers in Alaska .
Haviland - Davison Grist Mill is a historic grist mill located at East Rockaway in Nassau County , New York .
The Canton of Agde is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault , and its subdivision , the Arrondissement of Béziers .
North Mansion and Tenant House , also known as the General William North House , is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County , New York .
Mrowina ( mrɔˈvina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Sahand Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سهند‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Blauenstein is a castle fort on a rocky outcrop north of Kleinlützel , Switzerland .
Morden Park is an area within the district of Morden in the London Borough of Merton , and includes the Park itself , an area of green space in an otherwise dense cluster of 1930s suburban housing .
Lir - e Bozorg ( Persian : ليربزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Līr - e Bozorg ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Teem Plaza ( Chinese : 天河城广场 ) is a twin tower complex in Guangzhou , China that consists of 45-storey , 195 m ( 640 ft ) Teem Tower , a 38-storey Sheraton hotel , and a shopping mall .
The Russia Wharf Buildings are a cluster of three stylistically similar commercial buildings at 518 - 540 Atlantic Avenue , 270 Congress Street and 276 - 290 Congress Street in Boston , Massachusetts .
Gera is the third - largest city in Thuringia , Germany , located 55 kilometres ( 34 miles ) south of Leipzig , 75 km ( 47 miles ) east of Erfurt and 120 km ( 75 miles ) west of Dresden .
Srebrniki - Lądy ( srɛbrˈniki ˈlɔndɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Belasco Theatre is a Broadway theatre opened in 1910 at 111 West 44th Street in midtown - Manhattan .
Orzyny ( ɔˈʐɨnɨ ) ( German : Erben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Aderu ( Persian : ادرو‎ , also Romanized as Āderū and Aderū ; also known as Ādehrū ) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Božinci Donji ( Cyrillic : Божинци Доњи ) is a village in the municipality of Doboj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Rowshan Dasht ( Persian : روشن دشت‎ ; also known as Rowshan Shahr ) is a village in Jey Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Runkel Castle ( German : Burg Runkel ) , a ruined hill castle from the High Middle Ages , is located in the city of Runkel in the Landkreis ( District of ) Limburg - Weilburg in the state of Hesse , Germany .
Blakelaw is an electoral ward situated in the West End of the city of Newcastle upon Tyne in North East England .
Sowghanchi ( Persian : سوغانچي‎ , also Romanized as Sowghānchī ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Gharbi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Masullas , Masuddas in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southeast of Oristano .
The San Acacia Diversion Dam is a structure built in 1934 for the Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District ( MRGCD ) near to San Acacia , New Mexico , United States .
Nik Kari ( Persian : نيك كري‎ , also Romanized as Nīk Karī ; also known as Nekā Kāy and Nīkāgarī ) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Pirkeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : پيرکه سفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Pīrkeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Mozaffari Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Niedźwiadki ( ɲed͡ʑˈvjatki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
John Work House and Mill Site is a Registered Historic Place just outside Charlestown , Indiana , owned by the Lincoln Heritage Council , ( BSA ) , as part of the Tunnel Mill Scout Reservation .
The Concourse Plaza Hotel was a luxury hotel located at Grand Concourse and 161st Street in The Bronx , New York .
Mount Banda Banda , a mountain of the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales , Australia , is situated 320 kilometres ( 200 mi ) from Sydney within the Willi Willi National Park .
The Toaping Castle was a house in present - day Greenbelt , Maryland , built circa 1750 by Charles , Isaac and Nathan Walker , three brothers who fled to America from Scotland .
Folsztyn ( ˈfɔlʂtɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Dragomirna Monastery was built during the first three decades of the 17th century , 15 km from Suceava , in Mitocu Dragomirnei commune .
Zakrzówek - Kolonia ( zaˈkʂuvɛk kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The High Hills of Santee , sometimes known as the High Hills of the Santee , is a long , narrow hilly region in the western part of Sumter County , South Carolina .
The TK85 was a ZX81 clone made by Microdigital Eletronica , a computer company located in Brazil .
The bow section of Costa Pacifica was built at the Fincantieri Palermo shipyard and was launched on 24 July 2007 .
German submarine U-184 was a Type IXC/40 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II . She was ordered on 15 August 1940 and was laid down on 10 June 1941 at DeSchiMAG AG Weser , Bremen , becoming yard number 1024 .
Originally marketed by the Lambert Pharmacal Company ( which later became Warner - Lambert ) , Listerine has been manufactured and distributed by Johnson & Johnson since that company 's acquisition of Pfizer 's consumer healthcare division in late December 2006 .
The Browning BLR is a lever - action rifle manufactured by Browning Arms Company .
The White armored car was a series of armored cars developed by the White Motor Company in Cleveland , Ohio from 1915 .
HMS Pretoria Castle ( F61 ) was an armed merchant cruiser and escort aircraft carrier of the Royal Navy that saw service during World War II . She had previously been the ocean liner Pretoria Castle of the Union - Castle Line ; built at Harland & Wolff shipyards in Belfast , Northern Ireland and launched in 1938 .
The Yamaha TT600R is an enduro motorcycle from Yamaha Motor Company closely related to the XT series of air - cooled single cylinder engines .
The Mitsubishi Town Box is a kei car produced for the domestic market by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors .
USS Susanville ( PC-1149 ) was a patrol boat in the service of the United States Navy during World War II . She was laid down as PC-1149 on 6 November 1943 at the Defoe Shipbuilding Company in Bay City , Michigan ; launched on 11 January 1944 ; and commissioned on 22 June 1944 .
The Kia Sorento is a mid - size crossover SUV ( mid - size SUV in its first generation ) produced since 2002 by the South Korean manufacturer Kia Motors .
Mevius previously called Mild Seven ( Japanese : マイルドセブン Mairudo Sebun ) is a brand of cigarettes produced by Japan Tobacco .
Old Holborn is a brand of hand rolling tobacco produced by Richard Lloyd & Sons ( a subsidiary of Gallaher Group which itself is a subsidiary of Japan Tobacco ) .
The Steyr HS .50 is a .50 BMG single - shot anti - materiel sniper rifle manufactured by Steyr Mannlicher .
The Bristol LH was a bus chassis built by Bristol Commercial Vehicles ( BCV ) in Bristol , England .
The Caterpillar 797 is a series of off - highway , ultra class , two - axle , mechanical powertrain haul trucks developed and manufactured in the United States by Caterpillar Inc. specifically for high - production mining and heavy - duty construction applications world - wide .
HMS K16 was a K class submarine built by William Beardmore and Company , Dalmuir .
The Peugeot JetForce is a scooter manufactured by Peugeot Motorcycles from 2002 .
In 2008 , Vale placed orders for twelve 400,000-ton Valemax ships to be constructed by Jiangsu Rongsheng Heavy Industries ( RSHI ) in China and ordered seven more ships from South Korean Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering ( DSME ) in 2009 .
The Case STX Steiger is a tractorline built by Case IH .
The ASM-135 ASAT is an air - launched anti - satellite multistage missile that was developed by Ling - Temco - Vought 's LTV Aerospace division .
The Plymouth Prowler , later the Chrysler Prowler , is a retro - styled production car manufactured and marketed in 1997 and 1999 - 2002 by DaimlerChrysler , based on the 1993 concept car of the same name .
The Kahr K series is a series of semi - automatic pistols manufactured by Kahr Arms .
Mossberg 500 is a series of pump - action shotguns manufactured by O.F. Mossberg & Sons .
The Winchester Model 1890 is a slide - action repeating rifle produced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company in the late 19th and early 20th century .
Denise Robinson is a South African politician , currently a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance , and the Shadow Minister of Women in the Presidency
Sydney Arnold , 1st Baron Arnold ( 13 January 1878 -- 3 August 1945 ) was a radical British Liberal Party politician who later joined the Labour Party and served as a government minister .
The Crown Prince 's Hussar Regiment ( Swedish : Kronprinsens husarregemente ) , designated K 7 , was a Swedish Army cavalry regiment located in the province of Skåne that traced its origins back to the 18th century .
Bernard E. Trainor ( born September 2 , 1928 ) is journalist and a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general .
John Brooks , Jr. ( 1783 -- September 10 , 1813 ) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the War of 1812 .
Lewis Golding Arnold ( January 15 , 1817 -- September 22 , 1871 ) was a career U.S. Army officer and a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War , primarily noted for his service in Florida .
The Queen 's Royal Irish Hussars , abbreviated as QRIH , was a cavalry regiment of the British Army formed from the amalgamation of the 4th Queen 's Own Hussars and the 8th King 's Royal Irish Hussars in Hohne , West Germany in 1958 .
Lieutenant Commander John Bridge GC , GM & Bar ( 5 February 1915 -- 14 December 2006 ) was a British bomb disposal expert of the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve during the Second World War and a recipient of the George Cross .
The President of the Naval War College is a flag officer in the United States Navy .
Strike Fighter Squadron 154 ( VFA-154 ) , also known as the `` Black Knights '' , is a United States Navy strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Lemoore .
Kenneth Whiting ( 22 July 1881 -- 24 April 1943 ) was a United States Navy officer who was a pioneer in submarines and is best known for his lengthy career as a pioneering naval aviator .
The 135th ( Limerick ) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of Fencibles in the British Army , created and promptly disbanded in 1796 .
The Duke of Wellington 's Regiment ( West Riding ) was a line infantry regiment of the British Army , forming part of the King 's Division .
Rear Admiral Wendi B. Carpenter is a retired United States Navy flag officer and naval aviator .
George Breeman ( September 15 , 1880 -- April 10 , 1937 ) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for his heroism following a turret explosion in 1906 on board the battleship USS Kearsarge ( BB-5 ) .
Robert B. Johnston ( born October 6 , 1937 ) is a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general whose last duty assignment was as Commander , Marine Forces Atlantic Marine Forces Europe and II Marine Expeditionary Force .
Petty Officer Ariel Weinmann , formerly a Fire Control Technician 3rd Class , now a Seaman Recruit with the United States Navy plead guilty on 4 December 2006 to espionage , desertion and other charges .
Edward Hatch ( December 22 , 1832 -- April 11 , 1889 ) was a career American soldier who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Hermann Becker - Freyseng ( born 18 July 1910 in Ludwigshafen -- died 27 August 1961 in Heidelberg ) was a German physician and consultant for aviation medicine with the Luftwaffe during the Nazi era .
Brigadier General Robert Scott - Kerr , DSO ( 2 November 1859 -- 25 November 1942 ) was a British Army officer .
Lieutenant General Richard T. Swope , USAF ( November 21 , 1942 -- January 8 , 2011 ) was a United States Air Force officer who served as the Inspector General of the United States Air Force from 1996 until his retirement in 1998 .
Risaldar Mir Dad Khan Tarin , OBI ( died c. 1932 ) , was a native officer of the British Indian Army , who belonged to the Hazara region of the North West Frontier Province ( now Khyber Pakthunkhwa in Pakistan ) .
The 196th ( 2/1st Highland Light Infantry ) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army raised during the Great War in 1914 .
The Chief of Naval Research is the senior military officer in charge of scientific research in the United States Navy .
Samuel Barrett Miles ( 2 October 1838 -- 28 August 1914 ) was a British Army officer who served as a diplomat in various Arabic - speaking countries , notably Oman , which he came to know better than any other European of the time .
William Howard Livens DSO MC ( 28 March 1889 -- 1 February 1964 ) was an engineer , a soldier in the British Army and an inventor particularly known for the design of chemical warfare and flame warfare weapons .
Rear - Admiral Sir Richard Bickerton , 1st Baronet ( 23 June 1727 -- 25 February 1792 ) was a British naval officer who finished his career as a rear admiral in the British Royal Navy and was ennobled as the first Baronet Bickerton of Upwood .
F 11 Nyköping , Södermanlands Flygflottilj , Södermanland Air Force Wing , or simply `` F 11 '' , is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located in south - east Sweden .
General Sir Archibald Campbell , 1st Baronet GCB ( 12 March 1769 -- 6 October 1843 ) was an officer of the British Army .
Regiment Constituted 28 July 1866 in the Regular Army as the 7th Cavalry Regiment .
Colonel Sir ( Alexander ) Weston Jarvis CMG MVO TD ( 26 December 1855 -- 31 October 1939 ) was a British Conservative Party politician and officer in the British Army .
Gregory A. Feest ( born 1956 ) is a United States Air Force Air Force major general who is currently serving as the Chief of Safety of the United States Air Force , Headquarters U.S. Air Force , Washington , D.C. , and Commander , Air Force Safety Center , Kirtland Air Force Base , New Mexico .
Merton A. Richal ( July 1 , 1894 -- August 17 , 1970 ) was a major in the United States Marine Corps .
Thomas Tingey ( 11 September 1750 -- 23 February 1829 ) was a Commodore of the United States Navy .
Paul Harris Nicolas ( 1 March 1790 -- 1 May 1860 ) was a nineteenth - century British historian , an accomplished , if little known , water colourist , a Royal Marines officer , and a veteran of the Battle of Trafalgar .
Air Vice Marshal Sir Christopher Joseph Quintin Brand KBE , DSO , MC , DFC ( 25 May 1893 -- 7 March 1968 ) was a South African officer of the Royal Air Force .
Colonel Mark Beaufoy FRS ( 1764 - -1827 ) was an English astronomer and physicist , mountaineer , explorer and British Army officer .
John F. Auer ( 1866-May 28 , 1951 ) was a sailor in the United States Navy who was one of 193 people received the Medal of Honor during peacetime , a practice no longer authorized by law , and one of only 3,449 recipients of the award .
F 15 Söderhamn , Hälsinge Flygflottilj , Royal Hälsinge Air Force Wing , or simply `` F 15 '' , is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located near Söderhamn in northern Sweden .
The Highland Light Infantry was a light infantry regiment of the British Army from 1881 to 1959 .
Ralph A. Dengler is an intellectual property lawyer and retired officer in the United States Marine Corps Reserve .
Henrietta of England ( 16 June 1644 ( 26 June n.s . ) -- 30 June 1670 ) was the youngest daughter of King Charles I of England , Scotland and Ireland and his wife , Henrietta Maria of France .
Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom , GCVO , GBE , GCStJ , VA , CI ( Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore ; later Princess Henry of Battenberg ; 14 April 1857 -- 26 October 1944 ) was the fifth daughter and youngest child of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert .
The Big Sioux River is a tributary of the Missouri River , 419 miles ( 674 km ) long , in eastern South Dakota and northwestern Iowa in the United States .
The Geul ( -Dutch , in German : Göhl , in French : Gueule ) is a river in Belgium and in the Netherlands , where it is a right - bank tributary to the river Meuse .
The Melach River is a right tributary of the Inn River and has a length of 25 km . It is located in the western district of Innsbruck - Land .
The Thika River flows through central Kenya and is a tributary of Tana River .
The Pyasina River originates in Lake Pyasino and flows into the Pyasino Gulf of the Kara Sea .
The Kirzhach River ( Russian : Киржа́ч ) is a river in the Vladimir Oblast in Russia , a left tributary of the Klyazma River .
The Winooski River ( formerly , Onion River ) is a tributary of Lake Champlain , approximately 90 miles ( 145 km ) long , in northern Vermont in the United States .
Bartın River ( Bartın Çayı , ancient Parthenius , Parthenios ) , is a small river in the east of the Black Sea Region of Turkey .
At its river mouth , the Annan River is joined by the Esk River and together the two rivers empty into the Coral Sea south of Cooktown .
The Wenatchee River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington , originating at Lake Wenatchee and flowing southeast for 53 miles ( 85 km ) , emptying into the Columbia River immediately north of Wenatchee , Washington .
The two largest streams , the Sorgue of Velleron and the Sorgue d'Entraigues , rejoin with one another and enter the Ouvèze at Bédarrides .
The Romen River ( Ukrainian : Ромен ; Russian : Ромен ) is a right tributary of the Sula River with a length of 111 km and a drainage basin of 1,645 km² .
The Inkisi River is a large south bank tributary of the Congo River , located in Western Central Africa .
The Gatineau River ( French pronunciation : ​(gatino ) ) is a river in western Quebec , Canada , which rises in lakes north of the Baskatong Reservoir and flows south to join the Ottawa River at the city of Gatineau , Quebec .
The Tollense ( German pronunciation : ( tɔˈlɛnzə ) ) is a river in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern in northeastern Germany , right tributary of the Peene .
The Kindelfließ is a small river that flows through Brandenburg , to the east of Glienicke / Nordbahn into Berlin , where , just over the border , it meets with the Tegeler Fließ .
The Mulobozi River is a stream in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that flows through the Marungu highlands from the west into Lake Tanganyika just to the north of Moba port .
The Reiherstieg is an anabranch of the river Elbe in the Port of Hamburg , Germany .
The Patuxent River is a tributary of the Chesapeake Bay in the state of Maryland .
The Mbam River is the main tributary of the Sanaga River in Cameroon .
The Veduga River ( Russian : Ве́дуга ) is a tributary of the Don River , flowing through the northwestern corner of Voronezh Oblast in Russia .
The Varzuga River flows into the White Sea .
The Meerbach , also called the Steinhuder Meerbach , is a 29 km long orographically right - hand tributary of the River Weser in the German federal state of Lower Saxony .
The Thurra River rises below Mealing Hill in remote country northeast of Cann River and flows generally south through the western edge of the Alfred National Park and through the Croajingolong National Park , before reaching its mouth with Bass Strait , east northeast of Point Hicks in the Shire of East Gippsland .
The Želivka is a river in the Czech Republic , the left tributary of the Sázava River .
The Jacques - Cartier River was used for log drives to transport the logs to the Saint - Lawrence River and to the mills downstream .
The Gelmke is a small stream , roughly 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) long , and right - hand tributary of the Abzucht in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Myall River rises of the southern slopes of Kyle Range within the Great Dividing Range , north northeast of Stroud , and flows generally south southeast then southwest , joined by tributaries including , before reaching its mouth within Port Stephens at Hawks Nest .
The Beck Depression Inventory ( BDI , BDI-1A , BDI - II ) , created by Aaron T. Beck , is a 21-question multiple - choice self - report inventory , one of the most widely used psychometric tests for measuring the severity of depression .
It is famous as the hometown of Martin Luther ; hence , its official name is Lutherstadt Eisleben .
The Lonsdale Belt is a boxing prize introduced by Hugh Lowther , 5th Earl of Lonsdale , to be awarded to British boxing champions .
In statistical genetics , Felsenstein 's tree - pruning algorithm ( or Felsenstein 's tree - peeling algorithm ) , due to Joseph Felsenstein , is an algorithm for computing the likelihood of an evolutionary tree from nucleic acid sequence data .
The word Mauricie was coined by local priest and historian Albert Tessier and is based on the Saint - Maurice river which runs through the region on a North - South axis .
1 Night in Paris is a 2004 pornographic video depicting Paris Hilton having sexual intercourse in 2001 with Rick Salomon .
Bombardier Inc. ( French pronunciation : ​(bɔ̃baʁdje ) ) is a Canadian multinational aerospace and transportation company , founded by Joseph - Armand Bombardier as L'Auto - Neige Bombardier Limitée ( loosely translated to `` Bombardier Snow Car Limited '' ) on January 29 , 1942 , at Valcourt in the Eastern Townships , Quebec .
Much of the area is covered by forest ( Hürtgenwald in literal translation means Hürtgen Forest ) .
Tiffany glass refers to the many and varied types of glass developed and produced from 1878 to 1933 at the Tiffany Studios in New York , by Louis Comfort Tiffany and a team of other designers , including Clara Driscoll .
The name refers to Donald Duck and was first used by author Jon Gisle in his book Donaldismen in 1973 .
The 9K32 Strela-2 ( Russian : Cтрела , `` arrow '' ; NATO reporting name SA-7 Grail ) is a man - portable , shoulder - fired , low - altitude surface - to - air missile system ( MANPAD ) with a high explosive warhead and passive infrared homing guidance .
The ben Asher family of Masoretes was largely responsible for the preservation and production of the Masoretic Text , although an alternate Masoretic text of the ben Naphtali Masoretes , which has around 875 differences from the ben Asher text , existed .
USS Flying Fish ( SSN-673 ) , a Sturgeon - class attack submarine , was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for the flying fish , any of number of fishes of tropic and warm temperate seas whose long winglike fins make it possible for them to move some distance through the air .
In Norse mythology , Vanaheimr ( Old Norse for `` home of the Vanir '' ) is one of the Nine Worlds and home of the Vanir , a group of gods associated with fertility , wisdom , and the ability to see the future .
The Juno Awards are named in honour of Pierre Juneau , the first President of the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission and former President of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation .
The municipality of Victoriaville itself was created on May 8 , 1861 , named to honour Queen Victoria , the reigning monarch at the time .
Corcyre ( old - fashioned French for Corfu ) was one of three short - lived French départements in Greece .
The name `` Hurst exponent '' , or `` Hurst coefficient '' , derives from Harold Edwin Hurst ( 1880 - -1978 ) , who was the lead researcher in these studies ; the use of the standard notation H for the coefficient relates to his name also .
USS Bluefish ( SSN-675 ) , a Sturgeon - class attack submarine , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the bluefish .
Giffen goods are named after Scottish economist Sir Robert Giffen , to whom Alfred Marshall attributed this idea in his book Principles of Economics .
A Hofmann voltameter is an apparatus for electrolyzing water , invented by August Wilhelm von Hofmann ( 1818 - -1892 ) in 1866 .
Lazurite is a deep blue to greenish blue .
In mathematics , Auerbach 's lemma , named after Herman Auerbach , is a theorem in functional analysis which asserts that a certain property of Euclidean spaces holds for general finite - dimensional normed vector spaces .
It was later renamed 9998 ISO to honour the Infrared Space Observatory .
The Dakin oxidation , which is closely related to the Baeyer - Villiger oxidation , is not to be confused with the Dakin - West reaction , though both are named after Henry Drysdale Dakin .
Wilkes Land is named after Lieutenant Charles Wilkes ( later a Rear Admiral ) , the American explorer who commanded the 1838 - -42 United States Exploring Expedition .
97 Aces Go Places is a 1997 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Chin Kar - lok and starring Alan Tam , Tony Leung , Christy Chung , Donna Chu and Francis Ng .
Haiti is the mountain range `` Hait '' , and New York City becomes the ruins of `` Niourk '' .
The Dead and the Gone occurs at the same time as the first novel , but in New York City .
Code R focuses on the emergency services ( police , fire , and ocean rescue ) of the California Channel Islands .
The Romancing Star is a 1987 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Chow Yun - fat , Eric Tsang , Natalis Chan , Stanley Fung and Maggie Cheung .
Is It Legal ? is a British television sitcom set in a solicitors office in Hounslow , west London , which ran from 1995 to 1998 .
The Man Who Crossed Hitler is a 2011 BBC film set in Berlin in the summer of 1931 , dramatising the true story in which lawyer Hans Litten subpoenas Adolf Hitler as a witness in the trial of some Nazi thugs .
Aaron Loves Angela is about two teenagers living in the slums of New York City who are deeply in love with each other .
The series centered around the Mayfield family who ran the Hotel Malibu in California .
The film , which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on January 26 , 2007 , was one of the highest - grossing Turkish films of 2007 and was followed by Cool School Camp ( 2008 ) .
Park Street Under is a sitcom set in a fictional bar in the Park Street subway station in Boston , Massachusetts .
Kutumba ran for 50 days in more than 17 centres across Karnataka and recorded 100 days in many centres across the state like Bangalore , Mysore , Davanagere , Shimoga , Mangalore , Hubli .
The Lives of Others ( German : Das Leben der Anderen ) is a 2006 German drama film , marking the feature film debut of filmmaker Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck , about the monitoring of East Berlin residents by agents of the Stasi , the GDR 's secret police .
Mitti Na Pharol Jogiya is a Punjabi film based on a true story of 1947 Partition of India and showcases Indo - Pak harmony .
Much of Half Baked was shot in Toronto , Ontario and New York City .
Vile Bodies is a 1930 novel by Evelyn Waugh satirising the Bright Young People : decadent young London society between World War I and World War II .
America 3000 is a 1986 post - apocalyptic science - fiction cult film which takes place 900 years in the future in Colorado .
Taken in Broad Daylight is a 2009 American made - for - television movie based on the real - life kidnapping of Nebraska teenager Anne Sluti , who was abducted and held for six days in April 2001 by Anthony Steven Wright , also known as Tony Zappa .
Home James ! was a British television sitcom which aired from 1987 to 1990 , starring comedian Jim Davidson , who played the role of Jim London .
The title character , Ravelstein , is based on the philosopher Allan Bloom , who taught alongside Bellow at the University of Chicago 's Committee on Social Thought .
Portrait in Black was filmed on in and around San Francisco , including a sequence at Devil 's Slide on the Pacific Coast Highway ( State Route 1 ) .
The Great Saint Patrick 's Day Flood is a novella for children by the American writer Mildred S. Flaherty based on events of the Pittsburgh Flood of 1936 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Although About Schmidt is set across the states of Nebraska and Colorado , much of the movie was filmed in Omaha , mostly around Dundee , Millard and the downtown area .
The Last Night of the Barbary Coast ( 1913 ) was an early example of the exploitation film , showing what was purported to be the last night of the Barbary Coast red - light section of San Francisco .
Sure of You ( 1989 ) is the sixth book in the Tales of the City series by San Francisco novelist Armistead Maupin .
Abdallah Mohamed Kamil ( 1 January 1917 -- 9 June 2002 ) was a Djiboutian politician who served in the French Senate from 1959 until 1964 .
Bodo Ramelow ( born 16 February 1956 in Osterholz - Scharmbeck ) is a German politician of the Left Party who has been Minister - President of Thuringia since 2014 .
The Music Jungle was an Australian music television show that was broadcast on the Nine Network on Saturday mornings between 11 am and 12 pm .
You Are What You Eat is a dieting programme aired in various forms between 2004 and 2007 on British broadcasting company Channel 4 , and presented by Gillian McKeith .
Miami Animal Police is an American documentary reality television series that premiered on January 5 , 2004 on Animal Planet .
Live from ... was a Sunday night live entertainment variety television show that aired on ITV from 16 January 1983 to 27 November 1988 and was hosted by Jimmy Tarbuck .
Hainan Adventure with Nigel Marven is one - hour British travel and nature documentary created by Image Impact production company for Eden and first broadcast in February 2012 .
Catch a Contractor is an American reality television home improvement series that premiered March 9 , 2014 on Spike .
The BJ and Dirty Dragon Show ( also called Cartoon Town ) is a Chicago children 's television program that aired on WFLD and later WGN - TV from 1968 to 1974 .
Strip Mall is a situation comedy that aired on Comedy Central from June 2000 until March 2001 .
My Brother and Me is an American sitcom , which ran on Nickelodeon from October 15 , 1994 through February 2 , 1995 .
Edge of America is an American culture and travel show on the Travel Channel , hosted by and starring Geoff Edgers .
The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo is a Canadian - American children 's mystery television series that ran on Nickelodeon between 1996 and 1998 .
Ned 's Declassified School Survival Guide ( sometimes shortened to `` Ned 's Declassified '' ) is an American live action sitcom on Nickelodeon that debuted in the Nickelodeon Sunday night TEENick scheduling block on September 12 , 2004 .
The series came to an end in 1981 when Southern Television lost its ITV franchise , but was revived as How 2 in 1990 by TVS .
Candy Cabs is a comedy drama series shown on BBC One in April 2011 .
The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh first aired in January 1988 on The Disney Channel .
Kaboul Kitchen is a French comedy television series broadcast by Canal+ .
Noot vir Noot ( Afrikaans for `` Note for Note '' ) is an Afrikaans language musical quiz show broadcast on SABC 2 on South African television .
Runway Moms is an American reality television program created for the Discovery Health Channel .
The Singer Takes It All was a British talent game show hosted by comedian Alan Carr , airing on Channel 4 .
Chris & John to the Rescue ! is a reality television series originally broadcast on OUTtv in 2006 .
Project Greenlight first aired on HBO for two seasons ( aired 2001 - -03 ) before moving to Bravo for season three in 2005 .
The Garry Moore Show is the name for several separate American variety series on the CBS television network in the 1950s and 1960s .
Sunday Feast was a short - lived cookery show on British television channel ITV .
Can You Teach My Alligator Manners ? is an interactive children 's television show that airs on Disney Junior in the USA , Canada , Disney Junior in India and Great Britain and Ireland .
Mujeres de nadie ( Women of Nobody ) is an Argentine telenovela produced by Pol - ka and broadcast by El Trece from May 10 , 2007 , to November 17 , 2008 .
Blue Collar Millionaires is an American television docu - series which airs on CNBC .
Infiltrados is a 2011 Colombian police procedural drama produced by BE - TV and broadcast by Caracol TV .
The Hart and Lorne Terrific Hour is a Canadian television variety show that aired on CBC Television in 1970 and 1971 .
Matt Hatter Chronicles has been confirmed for a 4th season episodes will air every sunday starting on September 13 , 2015 at 7:35am on CITV & ITV Season 4 Episode 1 - On wings of doom :
Donnie Loves Jenny is an American reality television series which premiered on January 7 , 2015 , on the A&E cable network .
Nissene på låven is a Nordic Christmas calendar that aired on TVNorge in 2001 , and is a spoof of reality TV .
Charm School with Ricki Lake is the third season of the VH1 reality television series Charm School .
Paris enquêtes criminelles ( English : Paris Criminal Investigations ) is a French television series broadcast since May 3 , 2007 , on TF1 .
Great Hotels is a television show on the Travel Channel .
Family Trade is an American reality television series broadcast by Game Show Network .
Madabout was a children 's programme broadcast in the ' 80s on Children 's ITV , made by Tyne Tees Television and hosted by Matthew Kelly in 1983 and 1984 , and Michael Bentine in 1981 - -82 .
Slednecks is an American reality television series about a group of friends living in Wasilla , Alaska that premiered on MTV on October 30 , 2014 .
Late Show with David Letterman is an American late - night talk show hosted by David Letterman on CBS , the first iteration of the Late Show franchise .
Gay Muslims ( 2006 ) is a Channel 4 documentary about how the experiences of five lesbian and gay Muslims challenge the heterosexual bias within their British communities .
Inside NASCAR was a television show , broadcast on Wednesday , Thursday , Saturday , and Sunday during the NASCAR season on Showtime .
Bailey Kipper 's P.O.V. is a US children 's television series that aired in 1996 on CBS Saturday Mornings , starring Michael Galeota , John Achorn and Meg Wittner .
Sand Masters is an American reality - television series that premiered on June 1 , 2011 on the Travel Channel .
The Early Show is an American morning television program that aired on CBS from November 1 , 1999 to January 7 , 2012 , and the ninth attempt at a morning news - talk program by the network since 1954 .
Charles in Charge premiered on CBS on October 3 , 1984 , and aired initially on Wednesday nights at 8 PM paired with another new sitcom , Dreams .
Weekends with Maury and Connie was an MSNBC television news series featuring light - hearted take on news of the week .
On October 22 , 2012 , Canal de las Estrellas started broadcasting Qué bonito amor weeknights at 7:15pm , replacing Amor Bravío .
Canal de las Estrellas aired Una familia con suerte from February 14 , 2011 to February 19 , 2012 , with Por Ella Soy Eva replacing it .
Ice - T 's Rap School is a reality television show on VH1 .
Toasted TV was formerly aired on Network Ten on 22 August 2005 until 25 February 2012 .
The Jack Docherty Show was a nightly comedy chat show which aired on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom between 1997 and 1999 .
On the Hour was a British radio programme that parodied current affairs broadcasting , broadcast on BBC Radio 4 between 1991 and 1992 .
Square Pegs is an American comedy series that aired on CBS during the 1982 - -1983 season .
The Wizard of Odds is an American game show hosted by Alex Trebek that aired on NBC from July 16 , 1973 to June 28 , 1974 in which people from the studio audience vied in a number of rounds , primarily games revolving around statistical questions .
Office Gossip is a British sitcom that aired on BBC One in 2001 .
Comedy Cafe is a Canadian comedy television series which aired on CBC Television in 1969 .
Chasing Life is an American television drama series that aired on ABC Family from June 10 , 2014 to September 28 , 2015 .
Wacaday was a children 's television series in the United Kingdom that ran in TV - am 's school - holidays slot from October 1985 until 1992 , in an 8:50 - 9:25 a.m. slot , and was hosted by Timmy Mallett .
Xcalibur is a French Canadian CGI sword - and - sorcery children 's television series that originally aired on YTV in 2001 and 2002 .
Cuff Me If You Can is an American documentary television series on Investigation Discovery that debuted on March 1 , 2011 .
Tá no Ar : a TV na TV ( or simply Tá no Ar ) is a Brazilian sitcom created by Marcelo Adnet , Marcius Melhem and Mauricio Farias for Rede Globo .
Here 's Hollywood is an American celebrity interview program which aired on weekday afternoons on NBC at 4:30 Eastern time from September 26 , 1960 , to December 28 , 1962 .
The Show with Vinny ( also known as Show with Vinny ) is an American hybrid talk show reality television series on MTV .
The Brak Show is an animated television series that aired on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block , Adult Swim .
The Aquanauts ( later known as Malibu Run ) is an American adventure / drama series that aired on CBS in the 1960 - 1961 season .
Tetrachroa is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing only one species , Tetrachroa edwardsi , which is known from Queensland and New South Wales .
Scolochloa is a genus of grasses in the family Poaceae / Gramineae , now containing a single species , Scolochloa festucacea .
Sasha Son ( Russian : Dmitry Shavrov , Lithuanian : Dmitrijus Šavrovas , also known as Sasha Song , born 18 September 1983 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian singer who represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 .
Zali Steggall , OAM ( born 16 April 1974 in Sydney ) is Australia 's most internationally successful alpine skier , winning a bronze medal in slalom at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano , and a World Championship gold medal in 1999 .
Too Tough marks the fourth album released by the recording artist Angela Bofill , released in early 1983 .
`` What About Your Friends '' is TLC 's third single from their debut album , Ooooooohhh ...
Johannes Basius ( c. 1540 , Leeuwarden -- 11 September 1596 , Delft ) was born in Friesland , and studied at Leuven and afterwards in France , where he was made a doctor of law .
Krisztián Berki ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkristiaːn ˈbɛrki ) ; born March 18 , 1985 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian artistic gymnast .
Ottaviano Fregoso ( born in Genoa , 1470 - died in Ischia , 1524 ) was the Doge of the Republic of Genoa .
Scipione Pulzone ( c. 1550 -- February 1 , 1598 ) , also known as Il Gaetano , was an Italian late Renaissance Mannerist or , more properly , `` counter - Mannerist '' painter active in Rome .
In 1930 , Phani Sarma joined the Kohinoor Opera , the first mobile theatre group of Assam , started by Natyacharya Brajanath Sarma .
Michele Gismondi ( 11 June 1931 in Montegranaro - 5 September 2013 ) was an Italian cyclist .
Ali bin Abdurrahman al - Habshi , better known as Habib Ali of Kwitang or Habib Ali Kwitang ( born in Jakarta , 20 April 1870 CE - died in Jakarta , October 13 , 1968 CE ) was one of the leading Islamic clerics and preachers in Jakarta in the 20th century .
Irving Ungerman ( February 1 , 1923 -- October 27 , 2015 ) was a Canadian businessman , sports promoter and a prominent member of the Toronto Jewish community .
Edward Arthur Maund ( 1851 - 17 March 1932 , Hampstead ) was an African explorer and Rhodesian pioneer .
Francisco Álvares ( c. 1465 in Coimbra -- 1536~1541 , Rome ) was a Portuguese missionary and explorer .
Friedrich Drake ( June 23 , 1805 , Pyrmont -- April 6 , 1882 , Berlin ) was a German sculptor , best known for his huge memorial statues .
Augusts Strautmanis ( July 11 , 1907 , Riga -- January 8 , 1990 , Ikšķile , Latvia ) was a Latvian chess master .
Ben T. Epps ( February 20 , 1888 , Oconee County , Georgia - October 16 , 1937 ) , known as `` Georgia 's First Aviator '' was an American aviation pioneer .
John Albert II , Duke of Mecklenburg(-Güstrow ) ( 5 May 1590 in Waren -- 23 April 1636 in Güstrow ) was a Duke of Mecklenburg .
Places named after her include the former Davenport Road in Glenwood , KwaZulu - Natal , the Helen Joseph Hospital in Johannesburg , a student residence at Rhodes University , Grahamstown and a road in Rustenberg .
Hermann Dewitz ( 5 November 1848 , Obelischken , Insterburg -15 May 1890 Berlin ) was a German entomologist who specialized in Lepidoptera .
Giuseppe Colombo ( Padua , October 2 , 1920 -- Padua , February 20 , 1984 ) , better known by his nickname Bepi Colombo , was an Italian scientist , mathematician and engineer at the University of Padua , Italy ( not to be confused with the Italian engineer Giuseppe Colombo , ( 1836 - -1921 ) .
Corporal Vivian Hollowday GC ( born 13 October 1916 in Ulceby , Lincolnshire , died 15 April 1977 , in Bedford , Bedfordshire ) , sometimes known as Bob Hollowday , was a British recipient of the George Cross , the highest British and ( Commonwealth ) medal for gallantry not in the face of the enemy .
Katherine Prescott Wormeley died on August 4 , 1908 at her summer home in Jackson , New Hampshire .
Petrus Zwicker ( died 1403 in Vienna ) was an East Prussian Inquisitor and cleric of the Roman Catholic Order of the Celestines .
Hanna Berger , born Johanna Elisabeth Hochleitner - Köllchen ; ( born 23 August 1910 in Vienna ; died 15 January 1962 in East Berlin ) was an Austrian dancer , choreographer , teacher , director , theatre director , writer and lifelong anti - Nazi .
Pierre Attaingnant ( or Attaignant ) ( c. 1494 -- late 1551 or 1552 ) was a French music printer , active in Paris .
Virgil Solis or Virgilius Solis ( 1514 -- 1 August 1562 ) , a member of a prolific family of artists , was a German draughtsman and printmaker in engraving , etching and woodcut who worked in his native city of Nuremberg .
James Theodore Ward ( September 15 , 1902 -- May 8 , 1983 ) was a leftist political playwright and theatre educator during the first half of the 20th century and one of the earliest contributors to the Black Chicago Renaissance .
Nicolaes Hasselaer ( 1593 -- 1635 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age brewer and major of the Amsterdam schutterij , who is best known today for his portrait by Frans Hals .
Günther Schwab ( October 7 , 1904 in Prague -- April 12 , 2006 in Salzburg , Austria ) was an Austrian writer and author , and member of the Nazi party .
Estanislao ( c. 1798 -- 1838 ) was an indigenous alcalde of Mission San José and a member and leader of the Lakisamni tribe of the Yokut people of northern California .
Michel Philibert Genod ( 1795 , Lyon - 1862 ) was a French painter of the Troubador style .
Jacob Boreel ( April 1 , 1630 , Amsterdam -- August 21 , 1697 , Velsen ) was an ambassador in France , sheriff and burgomaster of Amsterdam in 1696 .
Lodewijk Caspar Valckenaer ( Leeuwarden , June 7 , 1715 -- Leiden , March 15 , 1785 ) was a Dutch classical scholar , at Leiden .
Richard Lenel ( born 29 July 1869 in Mannheim ; died 3 August 1950 in Neckargemünd ) was chairman of the chamber of commerce and honorary citizen of the city of Mannheim , Germany .
Baron Robert Rothschild ( 16 December 1911 , in Brussels -- 3 December 1998 , in London ) was a Belgian diplomat .
Francis Hopkinson was born at Philadelphia in 1737 , the son of Thomas Hopkinson and Mary Johnson .
Felix Scheffler ( February 9 , 1915 in Hamburg , Germany -- March 13 , 1986 Rostock , Germany ) , was a World War II Wehrmacht veteran , Konteradmiral , and first Chief of the East German People 's Navy ( Volksmarine ) .
Enrico Gamba ( 3 June 1831 , Turin - 19 October 1883 , Turin ) was an Italian painter of genre scenes , period pieces and a few portraits .
Kamil al - Husayni ( Arabic : كامل الحسيني‎ , also Kamel al - Hussaini ) ( 23 February 1882 - 31 March 1921 ) was a Sunni Muslim religious leader and the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem from 1908 until his death .
Mario Santiago Papasquiaro is the pen name of José Alfredo Zendejas Pineda ( Mexico City , December 25 , 1953 -- 1998 ) .
Louis - Adrien Lusson ( 1788 in La Flèche - 1864 in Rome ) was a French architect .
Hans Jørgen Garde ( 22 January 1939 in Frederiksberg -- 3 August 1996 on Vágar , Faroe Islands ) was a Danish admiral .
Deiva Zivarattinam ( born December 3 , 1894 , Pondicherry , d. March 25 , 1975 , Pondicherry ) was an Indian politician .
Sergio Goretti ( 2 April 1929 - 22 June 2012 ) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Assisi - Nocera Umbra - Gualdo Tadino , Italy .
Odd Frantzen ( 20 January 1913 -- 2 October 1977 ) was a Norwegian football player from Bergen who played for SK Hardy .
Bobby Etheridge ( 25 March 1934 - 4 March 1988 ) was an English footballer who played for Gloucester City , Bristol City and Cheltenham Town .
Robert Baldwin Sullivan , QC ( May 24 , 1802 -- April 14 , 1853 ) , was a Canadian lawyer , judge , and politician who became the 2nd Mayor of Toronto .
Heather Sears died in early 1994 of multiple organ failure , at the comparatively early age of 58 , at the family home in Hinchley Wood near Esher , Surrey .
Gwen Bristow ( September 16 , 1903 in Marion , South Carolina -- August 17 , 1980 in New Orleans , Louisiana ) was an American author and journalist .
Friedrich August Bouterwek ( or Buterweck ) was a German artist , who spent much of his life in Paris .
William Dorsheimer ( February 5 , 1832 in Lyons , Wayne County , New York -- March 26 , 1888 in Savannah , Chatham County , Georgia ) was an American lawyer , journalist and politician .
Hartono Rekso Dharsono ( Pekalongan , Central Java , 10 June 1925 - Bandung , West Java 5 June 1996 ) or more commonly known as HR Dharsono was a prominent General in the early years of General Suharto 's New Order regime .
Stevča Mihailović ( Jagodina January 1804 -- September 19 , 1888 Belgrade ) , was a Serbian politician and Prime Minister .
Franz Hengsbach ( September 10 , 1910 -- June 24 , 1991 ) was a German Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Essen from 1957 to 1991 , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1988 .
Curt Meyer - Clason ( Ludwigsburg , 19 September 1910 -- Munich , 13 January 2012 ) was a German writer and translator .
The Vern Riffe Center for Government and the Arts , located across High Street from the Ohio Statehouse in Downtown Columbus , provides office space for the Governor of Ohio , members of the Ohio House of Representatives and many state agencies .
Charles Louis Perceval de Loriol ( 24 July 1828 , Geneva -- 23 December 1908 , Cologny ) was a Swiss paleontologist and stratigraphist .
Albert Charpin , born in Grasse , Alpes - Maritimes in 1842 , died in Asnières - sur - Seine in 1924 .
Levin Ludwig Schücking ( 29 May 1878 , Steinfurt , Westphalia -- 12 October 1964 , Farchant ) was a German scholar of the English language and English literature .
Manolis Kalomiris ( Greek : Μανώλης Καλομοίρης ; December 14 , 1883 , Smyrna -- April 3 , 1962 , Athens ) , was a Greek classical composer .
Lot Whitcomb ( 1807 - -1857 ) was an American commercial entrepreneur and politician who established the city of Milwaukie , Oregon .
Sergei Yefimovich Zakharov ( Russian : Серге́й Ефи́мович Заха́ров ; November 26 , 1900 , town Alexandrovsk - Sakhalinsky , Sakalin Province of Russian Empire -- January 24 , 1993 , Saint Petersburg , Russian Federation ) was a Russian Soviet painter , watercolorist , graphic artist , and interior designer , who lived and worked in Leningrad .
Hermann Brunn was born in Rome , and grew up in Munich .
Dr. Diogo Inácio de Pina Manique ( Lisbon , Santa Catarina , 3 October 1733 -- Lisbon , Anjos , 1 July 1805 ) was a Portuguese magistrate .
Arkādijs Pavlovs ( 2 February 1903 in Riga -- 26 June 1960 in Riga ) was a Latvian footballer and football manager , a five - time champion of Latvia .
Frédéric Blasius ( 24 April 1758 , in Lauterbourg -- 1829 , in Versailles ) was a French violinist , clarinetist , conductor , and composer .
Károly Aggházy , or Aggházy Károly in Hungarian order ( 30 October 1855 in Budapest -- 8 October 1918 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian piano virtuoso and composer .
Nicolas Poussin ( French : ( nikɔlɑ pusɛ̃ ) ; June 1594 -- 19 November 1665 ) was the leading painter of the classical French Baroque style , although he spent most of his working life in Rome .
Subandrio was born in Malang , East Java , and educated at the Sekolah Tinggi Kedokteran Jakarta ( GHS ) in Jakarta .
Karel Hlaváček ( August 24 , 1874 , Prague -- June 15 , 1898 , Prague ) was a Czech Symbolist and Decadent poet and artist .
Warren Barker ( born in Oakland , California on April 16 , 1923 ; died in Greenville , South Carolina August 3 , 2006 ) was an American composer known for work in film , radio , and television .
Knut Torbjørn Eggen ( 1 November 1960 -- 20 February 2012 ) was a Norwegian football coach and player , famous for his time in Rosenborg as a player , and Moss and Fredrikstad as a coach .
Giovanni Preziosi ( 24 October 1881 in Torella dei Lombardi -- 26 April 1945 in Milan ) was an Italian fascist politician noted for his antisemitism .
Peter Costigan ( 21 June 1935 -- 5 August 2002 ) was an Australian journalist and Lord Mayor of Melbourne from 1999 to 2001 .
Georg von Speyer ( * 1500 in Speyer , Holy Roman Empire ; † 11 June 1540 in Coro , Venezuela ) was a German conquistador in New Granada , now Venezuela and Colombia .
Philip Grierson , FBA ( 15 November 1910 -- 15 January 2006 ) was a British historian and numismatist , emeritus professor of numismatics at Cambridge University and a fellow of Gonville and Caius College for over seventy years .
Joseph Gelinek ( 3 December 1758 -- 13 April 1825 ) was a Czech - born composer and pianist , living in Vienna for most of his career .
LeRoy Stone ( January 5 , 1894 in San Francisco , California -- September 15 , 1949 in Santa Monica , California ) was an American film editor and a screenwriter .
Gerhard Benkowitz and Hans - Dietrich Kogel lost their lives at the National Execution Centre in Dresden .
Josef Jindřich Šechtl ( May 9 , 1877 Tábor -- February 24 , 1954 Tábor ) was a Czech photographer who specialized in photojournalism and portrait photography .
Sigismund Felix Freiherr von Ow - Felldorf ( 18 October 1855 in Berchtesgaden -- 11 May 1936 in Passau ) was the Bishop of Passau , Germany from 1907 until his death in 1936 .
Oldřich Nový ( born 7 August 1899 in Prague -- died 15 March 1983 in Prague ) was a Czech film and theatre actor , director , composer , dramaturg and singer .
Luke Taft ( 3 June 1783 -- 7 April 1863 at Uxbridge , Massachusetts ) was an industrial pioneer in the manufacture of woolens in 19th century New England .
Gil Andersen died on July 26 , 1935 in Logansport , Indiana at age 55 .
Caspar Crowninshield was born into one of Boston 's elite families .
Else Marie Jakobsen ( 28 February 1927 -- 12 December 2012 ) was a Norwegian designer and textile artist , living in Kristiansand .
Akiba Israel Wertheimer ( 1778 - 1835 ) was the first Chief Rabbi of Altona and Schleswig - Holstein .
Colonel Philip Meadows Taylor CSI ( September 25 , 1808 -- May 13 , 1876 in Menton ) , an administrator and novelist , was born in Liverpool , England .
Jan Franse Verzijl ( 1599 , Gouda -- 1647 , Gouda ) , was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
Hermann Paul Müller ( born in Bielefeld , 21 November 1909 - died in Ingolstadt , 30 December 1975 ) was a German sidecar , motorcycle , and race car driver .
Panyassis of Halicarnassus , sometimes known as Panyasis ( Ancient Greek : Πανύασις ) , was a 5th - century BC Greek epic poet , famous for the Heracleia and the Ionica .
Major Augustin Schramm ( March 2 , 1907 , Liberec -- May 27 , 1948 , Prague ) was an ethnic German Czechoslovak communist professional and NKVD agent .
Leon Liebgold ( July 31 , 1910 , Kraków -- September 3 , 1993 , New Hope , Pennsylvania ) was an actor in the Yiddish theatre .
Mohammed Aziz Djellouli ( born Tunis , December 14 , 1896 - died Radès , 1975 ) was a Tunisian politician and businessman .
Ali Fuat Cebesoy ( September 1882 , Constantinople ( Istanbul ) -- January 10 , 1968 , Istanbul ) was a Turkish officer , politician and statesman .
Simone Simoni ( 1532 , Lucca - 1602 , Kraków ) was an Italian philosopher and physician .
At the end of the Edo Period ( 1603 - -1867 ) , Hiroshige , Kuniyoshi and Kunisada were the three best representatives of the Japanese color woodcut in Edo ( capital city of Japan , now Tokyo ) .
Risto Savin ( Žalec , 1858 -- Zagreb , 1948 ) , born Friderik Širca , was a Slovenian composer .
Carl Bernhard Salin ( January 14 , 1861 , Örebro -- October 20 , 1931 , Stockholm ) , was a Swedish archaeologist , cultural historian and museum curator .
Antonio Caimi ( 1814 - -1878 ) was an Italian painter and biographer of artists , active in Milan and best known for his portraits .
Josef Bühler ( also referred to as Joseph Buehler ) ( 16 February 1904 -- 22 August 1948 ) was a secretary and deputy governor to the Nazi - controlled General Government in Kraków during World War II .
Christer Strömholm ( July 22 , 1918 in Stockholm -- January 11 , 2002 in Stockholm ) , also known by the pseudonym Christer Christian , was a Swedish photographer and educator .
Pedro Antonio Ríos Reyna ( Colón , Táchira State , Venezuela . November 16 , 1905 - February 13 , 1971 , New York City , U.S. ) was one of the most important Venezuelan classical musicians .
After Salzwedel was again under Prussian administration , in 1816 Ludwig von Westphalen was transferred to Trier .
Eduard Grigoryan was born in 1929 in Krasnodar , U.S.S.R. Soon after his birth , Grigoryan 's family moved to Yerevan , Armenia , where he grew up .
William Westgarth was the son of John Westgarth , surveyor - general of customs for Scotland , and his wife Christian , née Thomson He was born at Edinburgh .
Abraham Begeyn ( ca . 1637 Leiden - 11 June 1697 Berlin ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Titta Ruffo died in Florence from heart disease in 1953 , aged 76 .
Isaac Abraham Euchel ( Hebrew : יצחק אייכל‎ ; born at Copenhagen , October 17 , 1756 ; died at Berlin , June 14 , 1804 ) was a Hebrew author and founder of the `` Haskalah - movement '' .
Carlo Airoldi ( 21 September 1869 in Origgio -- 18 June 1929 in Milan ) was an Italian marathon runner , famous for walking to the 1896 Olympics .
Princess Marie of Saxe - Weimar - Eisenach ( 3 February 1808 in Weimar -- 18 January 1877 in Berlin ) , was a princess of Saxe - Wiemar - Eisenach by birth , and by marriage a princess of Prussia .
Louis - Charles - Bonaventure - Alfred Bruneau ( 3 March 1857 , in Paris -- 15 June 1934 , in Paris ) was a French composer who played a key role in the introduction of realism in French opera .
Jan van Bijlert was born in Utrecht , the son of the stained glass worker Herman Beernts van Bijlert .
Marcel Marceau died at the racetrack in Cahors , France , on 22 September 2007 at the age of 84 .
Jean d'Arces was born in Montiers , the son of a noble family .
Maurizio Merli ( 8 February 1940 in Rome -- 10 March 1989 ) was an Italian film actor .
Laura Dianti ( Ferrara , ca . 1480 -- Ferrara , Italy , 25 June 1573 ) was a lover of Alfonso I d'Este , Duke of Ferrara after the death of his wife Lucrezia Borgia .
Celio Calcagnini ( Ferrara , 17 September 1479 -- Ferrara , 24 April 1541 ) , also known as Caelius Calcagninus , was an Italian humanist and scientist from Ferrara .
Sir William Blake Richmond KCB , RA , PPRBSA ( 29 November 1842 -- 11 February 1921 ) , was a portrait painter and a designer of stained glass and mosaic , whose works include mosaic decorations below the dome and in the apse of St Paul 's cathedral in London .
In 1521 , D. Duarte de Menezes was named by King Manuel I of Portugal as the next governor of Portuguese India , succeeding Diogo Lopes de Sequeira .
Wes Graham was an influential Professor of Computer Science at the University of Waterloo , with strong ties to industry .
Art Bisch ( November 10 , 1926 - July 6 , 1958 Atlanta , Georgia ) , was an American racecar driver .
Sir Robert Bond ( February 25 , 1857 -- March 16 , 1927 ) was the last Premier of Newfoundland Colony from 1900 to 1907 and the first prime minister of the Dominion of Newfoundland from 1907 to 1909 after the 1907 Imperial Conference conferred dominion status on the island .
Guillaume de Bray ( born at Bray in the Ile - de - France , date unknown ; died in Orvieto , 29 April 1282 ) was a French ecclesiastic and Roman Catholic Cardinal .
He sponsored the construction of the Madrasa - Khanqa of Sultan Barquq in the center of Cairo .
Thomas Nimene Botoe ( December 25 , 1912 -- August 20 , 1969 ) was a Liberian politician , Governor of the Kru Community in Monrovia .
Johann Georg Wirsung ( July 3 , 1589 Augsburg -- August 22 , 1643 Padua ) was a German anatomist who was a long - time prosector in Padua .
Józef Różański ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjuzɛf ruˈʐaɲskʲi ) ; b. Josek Goldberg ; Warsaw , 13 July 1907 -- 21 August 1981 , Warsaw ) was a communist in prewar Second Polish Republic , member of the Soviet NKVD and later , colonel of the Stalinist Ministry of Public Security of Poland .
Friedrich Lorenz ( 10 June 1897 in Klein Freden -- 13 November 1944 in Halle ) was a Catholic priest and a member of the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate .
Johan Albrecht Ehrenström ( 1762 - -1847 ) was a notable Finnish politician and official who is best remembered as the designer of Helsinki city plan .
Hanno Drechsler ( 24 March 1931 -- 4 January 2003 ) was the Lord Mayor of the City of Marburg , Germany between 1970 and 1992 , and the instigator of its restoration after urban renewal ; he was also an important Social Democratic politician and political scientist .
Stachys the Apostle ( Greek : Στάχυς `` ear - spike '' ) , was the second bishop of Byzantium , from AD 38 to AD 54 .
Paul Hoecker ( 11 August 1854 , Oberlangenau - 13 January 1910 , Munich ) was a German painter of the Munich School and founding member of the Munich Secession
After discovering the teachings of Elijah Muhammed in the 1960s , he adopted the name Yusuf Bey and moved to Oakland , California , and then Santa Barbara , California , where in 1968 he opened a bakery .
Joseph Adamy ( born 15 January 1778 in Oberwesel ; died 24 February 1849 in Hadamar ) was a Nassauian mine owner and politician .
Pierre Chambiges , ( died 19 June 1544 ) , was a French master mason ( maître des œuvres de maçonnerie et pavement de la Ville de Paris ) and architect to François I of France and his son Henri II . As surveyor and architect , Chambiges was involved in numerous royal and official projects :
María Edwards was born in Santiago , the daughter of Agustín Edwards Ross and of María Luisa McClure Ossandón .
Elsa Guerdrum Allen ( 1888 , Washington , D.C. -- 29 January 1969 , Utica , New York ) was an American ornithologist , lecturer , author and historian of ornithology , known for her 1951 book The history of American ornithology before Audubon .
Pedro Cortina y Mauri ( born La Pobla de Segur , 18 March 1908 - Madrid , 14 February 1993 ) was a Spanish politician and diplomat who served as the last Minister of Foreign Affairs under Francisco Franco between 1974 and 1975 .
Nico Gunzburg ( 2 September 1882 , Riga , Russian Empire -- 5 March 1984 , Antwerp , Belgium ) was a Belgian lawyer and criminologist .
Guido Adler ( 1 November 1855 , Ivančice ( Eibenschütz ) , Moravia -- 15 February 1941 , Vienna ) was a Bohemian - Austrian musicologist and writer .
Luis Andrés Caicedo Estela ( 29 September 1951 - 4 March 1977 ) was a Colombian writer born in Cali , the city where he would spend most of his life .
Robert Herzog ( 1823 - -1886 ) was the Roman Catholic diocesan Bishop of Wrocław in 1882 - -1886 .
Orígenes Lessa , journalist , short story writer , novelist , and a writer of essays , was born in Lençóis Paulista , SP , on July 12 , 1903 , and died in Rio de Janeiro , RJ , on July 13 , 1986 .
Rudolf Pannwitz ( 27 May 1881 , Crossen / Oder , Silesia , Prussia - 23 March 1969 , Astano , Ticino , Switzerland ) was a German writer , poet and philosopher .
Jean - Baptiste Martin , known as `` Martin des Batailles '' ( 1659 , Paris - 8 October 1735 , Paris ) was a French painter , decorator and designer who specialized in drawings for tapestries .
Otto Böckel ( born 2 July 1859 in Frankfurt am Main - died 17 September 1923 in Michendorf ) was a German populist politician who became one of the first to successfully exploit anti - Semitism as a political issue in the country .
Hans Conrad Escher von der Linth ( born August 24 , 1767 in Zürich ; died March 9 , 1823 ) was a Swiss scientist , artist , and politician .
Baba Amte was born to Mr. Devidas Amte and Mrs. Laxmibai Amte in the city of Hinganghat in Wardha District of Maharashtra on 26 December 1914 .
Wilhelm Friedrich Georg Behn ( 25 December 1808 , Kiel -- 14 May 1878 , Dresden ) was a German anatomist and zoologist .
Antoine - François Callet ( 1741 - -1823 , Paris ) , generally known as Antoine Callet , was a French painter of portraits and allegorical works , who acted as official portraitist to Louis XVI .
Johann Georg Ritter von Zimmermann ( 8 December 1728 , in Brugg , Aargau -- 7 October 1795 , in Hanover ) was a Swiss philosophical writer , naturalist , and physician .
Maria Carmela Lico or Licco ( 1927 - -1985 ) spent most of her research life as a physiologist studying the neural mechanisms of pain at the Department of Physiology of the Faculdade de Medicina de Ribeirão Preto ( Brazil ) .
Simon Le Duc ( Paris , 15 January 1742- 22 January 1777 ) was a French violinist , soloist at the Concert Spirituel , music publisher and composer .
Elio Toaff ( 30 April 1915 -- 19 April 2015 ) was the Chief Rabbi of Rome from 1951 to 2002 .
Edoardo Molinar ( 31 August 1907 , Rocca Canavese , Italy -- 22 September 1994 , Rocca Canavese , Italy ) was an Italian cyclist .
Hansi Lang ( born January 13 , 1955 in Vienna -- d. August 24 , 2008 in Vienna ) was an Austrian singer and actor .
Eugen Schüfftan ( 21 July 1893 , Breslau , Silesia , Germany , now Wroclaw , Poland -- 6 September 1977 , New York City ) was a German Jewish cinematographer .
Eugène Christophe ( born Malakoff , Paris , France , 22 January 1885 , died Paris , 1 February 1970 in ) was a French road bicycle racer and pioneer of cyclo - cross .
Ely Jacques Kahn ( 1884 - -1972 ) was an American commercial architect who designed numerous skyscrapers in New York City in the twentieth century .
Wilhelm Wackernagel ( 23 April 1806 , Berlin -- 21 December 1869 , Basel ) was a German - Swiss philologist specializing in Germanic studies .
Karl Grobben ( August 27 , 1854 , Brno -- April 13 , 1945 , Salzburg ) was an Austrian biologist .
Guido Frederico João Pabst ( born 19 September 1914 in Porto Alegre , died 27 April 1980 in Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian botanist .
Elisabeth of Saxony ( born : 18 October 1552 at Wolkenstein Castle in Wolkenstein -- died : 2 April 1590 in Heidelberg ) was an Saxon princess from the House of Wettin by birth and by marriage Countess Palatine of Simmern .
Jüri Randviir ( 27 May 1927 , Tallinn -- 8 August 1996 , Tallinn ) was an Estonian chess player and journalist , who four times won the Estonian Chess Championship .
Otto Immisch ( 18 June 1862 , Wartha , Lusatia - 29 October 1936 , Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a German classical scholar .
Friedrich Adolph Haage ( 24 March 1796 in Erfurt -- 20 September 1866 in Erfurt ) was a German gardener and botanist .
Margaret Clap ( died c. 1726 ) , better known as Mother Clap , ran a coffee house from 1724 to 1726 in Holborn , Middlesex , a short distance from the City of London .
Giuseppe De Cristoforis ( or De Cristofori ) ( 11 October 1803 , Milan -- 27 December 1837 , also Milan ) was an Italian naturalist and collector .
Alfredo Ormando ( 15 December 1958 in San Cataldo -- 23 January 1998 in Rome ) was a gay writer from Palermo who died as a result of setting himself on fire outside Saint Peter 's Basilica in Rome .
Leni Schmidt ( Helene Hermine Schmidt ; 28 December 1906 in Bremen -- 11 November 1985 in Bremen ) was a German athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres .
The James Dwight Dana House in New Haven , Connecticut was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965 .
Mary Ann Vincent ( September 18 , 1818 Portsmouth , England -- September 4 , 1887 Boston ) was a British born American actress .
Philip Livingston ( January 15 , 1716 -- June 12 , 1778 ) was an American merchant and statesman from New York City .
Alex Vetchinsky ( 1904- 4 March 1980 , Hove , East Sussex , England ) was a British film art director and production designer , nominated for BAFTA Film Award .
Richard Kohn ( February 27 , 1888 - -1963 ) was an Austrian football player and later coach of FC Bayern Munich , FC Barcelona and Feyenoord Rotterdam .
Sigbert Josef Maria Ganser ( 24 January 1853 , Rhaunen , Rhine Province -- 4 January 1931 , Dresden , Saxony ) was a German psychiatrist born in Rhaunen .
Mirosław Justek ( 23 September 1948 in Słupsk -- 24 January 1998 in Poznań ) was a Polish football player .
Stella Obasanjo died a few weeks before her 60th birthday from complications of cosmetic surgery at a private health clinic in Puerto Banús , Marbella , Spain , on 23 October 2005 .
Henriette H. Lannes or Madame Lannes ( born 12 November 1899 in Puyoô , France died 28 May 1980 in Paris ) Pupil of G. I. Gurdjieff and teacher of Gurdjieff 's system , mainly to English pupils in the Gurdjieff Foundation of Paris and London .
Anna Maria Schwegelin was born in poverty in the area near Kempten i m Allgäu and served as a maid .
Federico Seismit - Doda , born in Ragusa ( Dubrovnik ) , in the Kingdom of Dalmatia ( today 's Croatia ) , 1825 and died in Rome 1893 .
Hendrick de Clerck ( c. 1560 -- 27 August 1630 ) was a Flemish painter active in Brussels during the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries .
Felix Krueger ( or Krüger ) ( 10 August 1874 in Posen ; - 25 February 1948 in Basel ) was a German psychologist and professor at the University of Leipzig .
Gaetano Merola ( 4 January 1881 -- 30 August 1953 ) was an Italian conductor , pianist and founder of the San Francisco Opera .
Ludwig Pfyffer ( 1524 -- 17 March 1594 ) was a Swiss military leader , spokesman for Roman Catholic interests in the cantons , chief magistrate of Lucerne , and probably the most important Swiss political figure in the latter half of the 16th century .
Aldo Cevenini ( born 8 November 1889 in Arona ; died 26 October 1973 in Deiva Marina ) was an Italian professional football player and coach .
Fritz Prager ( born 17 December 1905 in Wolfenbüttel ; died 3 December 1940 in Braunschweig ) was a member of the Fallschirmjäger during World War II . Fritz Prager joined the Reichswehr on 26 November 1923 as a member of the 10th Infantry Regiment .
Pietro Andrea Ziani ( 1616 in Venice -- 1684 in Naples ) was an Italian organist and composer .
Patriarch Dymytriy ( Yarema ) ( 9 December 1915 -- 25 February 2000 ) was the second patriarch of Kiev and all Ukraine , and of the Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church ( UAOC ) .
Josephus claimed the Jewish Messianic prophecies that initiated the First Roman - Jewish War made reference to Vespasian becoming Emperor of Rome .
Ilija Čarapić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Илија Чарапић , pronounced ( ǐlija t͡ʃǎrapit͡ɕ ) ) , was the first Mayor of Belgrade , Serbia .
Solhi al - Wadi ( Arabic : صلحي الوادي‎‎ , ṣulḥī al - wādī ) ( 1934 - -2007 ) was an Iraqi - born musician , conductor , composer , educator and director , who lived most of his life in Damascus , Syria .
Jos De Haes ( Leuven , 22 April 1920-Jette , 1 March 1974 ) was a Flemish writer and poet .
Eugène Koeberlé ( 4 January 1828 , Sélestat - 13 June 1915 , Strasbourg ) was a French surgeon to the Faculté de médecine in Strasbourg , earning his agrégation in 1853 .
Theodor Kleinschmidt ( 6 March 1834 in Wolfhagen -- 10 April 1881 in Utuaia , Bismarck Archipelago ) was a German trader , explorer and naturalist .
Ernest Nys ( March 27 , 1851 , Kortrijk , Belgium - September 4 , 1920 , Brussels , Belgium ) was a Belgian lawyer and a professor of Public International Law at the University of Brussels .
During shooting for Poove Unakkaga Viji experienced hip and back pain and she underwent an operation on her spinal cord in 1996 at the Chennai Apollo Hospitals .
Timothy Cunningham ( died 1789 ) was a London barrister , legal writer and antiquarian , thought to have been Irish .
Eladia Blázquez ( February 24 , 1931 , Avellaneda , Buenos Aires Province -- August 31 , 2005 ) was an Argentine tango singer and composer .
Karl Deilmann died on 12 January 1985 in the spa town of Bad Bentheim .
In 1893 , after pastoral work , teaching , and minor curial staff positions , Donato Sbarretti was made canon of a church in Rome and posted to the United States as auditor in the apostolic delegation .
Willi Schlage ( 24 December 1888 -- 5 May 1940 in Berlin ) was a German chess master and trainer .
Gustav Sandgren , born 20 August 1904 in Western Stenby in Motala , Östergötland , died 11 August 1983 at Lidingö in Stockholm , was an author .
Pierre François Xavier de Ram ( September 2 , 1804 , Leuven - May 14 , 1865 , Leuven ) , was a Belgian churchman , and historian , best known for being the first rector of the new Catholic University of Mechlin ( 1834 ) and then of the new Catholic University of Leuven ( 1835 ) .
Juliusz Janotha ( b. 1819 -- d. 26 June 1883 in Warsaw ) , was a Polish pianist , composer and teacher of German origin .
Amompharetus , son of Poliadas , was a Spartan company commander at the Battle of Plataea .
Mynavathi died on 10 November 2012 at the BGS Global Hospital , Bangalore from cardiac arrest .
Egmont Arens purchased the Washington Square Book Shop at 27 West Eighth Street in Greenwich Village , New York City from Frank Shay , and operated the store from 1917 to 1923 .
Carl Georg Rogberg ( 6 August 1789 in Växjö - 28 January 1834 in Uppsala ) was a Swedish priest and university teacher .
Hans Androschin ( born Johann Androschin , 16 March 1892 in Vienna -- 18 May 1976 in Vienna ) was an Austrian cinematographer .
Pietro Delitala 's father , Nicholas was the mayor of Bosa in 1556 .
Nicola Pasetto ( 20 June 1961 , Verona -- 29 March 1997 ) was an Italian politician .
David Calderhead ( 19 June 1864 , in Hurlford , -- 9 January 1938 in London ) was a Scottish footballer who later became a manager , notably of Chelsea .
J. Roy Hunt ( July 7 , 1884 Caperton , West Virginia -- October 1972 Sheffield , Alabama ) born John Roy Hunt was an American motion picture cameraman and cinematographer .
Karl Raupp ( born 2 March 1837 in Darmstadt ; died 14 June 1918 in Munich ) was a German landscape and genre painter .
Private Rafel Toro ( born in Humacao , Puerto Rico ) was a United States Marine Corps private who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his `` extraordinary heroism in battle '' while fighting in Nicaragua during the second Nicaragua campaign in 1927 .
Pasquale Jannaccone ( 18 May 1872 in Naples - 22 December 1959 in Turin ) was an Italian economist nominated senator for life by Luigi Einaudi in 1950 .
Emil Eichhorn ( 9 October 1863 - 26 July 1925 ) was a USPD politician and Chief of the Berlin Police during the 1918 - 1919 German Revolution .
Leo Shuken ( b. Dec. 8 , 1906 , Los Angeles , California - d. July 24 , 1976 , Santa Monica , California ) was an American film music composer , arranger , and musical director .
John Lemprière ( c. 1765 , Jersey -- 1 February 1824 , London ) was an English classical scholar , lexicographer , theologian , teacher and headmaster .
Franz Maria Liedig ( 2 February 1900 , Hünfeld -- 30 March 1967 , Munich ) was a Kriegsmarine officer and member of the military resistance against Adolf Hitler .
Mr. Willem van der Kaay ( originally van der Kaaij ) ( 5 May 1831 , Alkmaar -- 29 July 1918 , The Hague ) was a Dutch judge and politician .
Radama II was born Prince Rakoto ( Rakotosehenondradama ) on September 23 , 1829 in the Imasoandro building on the compound of the Rova of Antananarivo .
Adelin Benoît ( 12 May 1900 -- 18 June 1954 ) was a Belgian road racing cyclist , born in Châtelet .
Radegund ( also spelled Rhadegund , Radegonde , Radigund ) ( ca . 520 - -587 ) was a 6th - century Thuringian princess and Frankish queen , who founded the Abbey of the Holy Cross at Poitiers .
Józef Orwid ( born 14 November 1891 in Besko -- died 13 August 1944 during the Warsaw Uprising ) was a Polish stage and film actor .
Petar I Petrović Njegoš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар I Петровић Његош ; 1747 - -1830 ) was the ruler of the Prince - Bishopric of Montenegro as the Metropolitan ( vladika ) of Cetinje , and Exarch ( legate ) of the Serbian Orthodox Church throne .
Bernhard Walther ( 1430 -- June 19 , 1504 ) was a German merchant , humanist and astronomer based in Nuremberg , Germany .
Tuncel Kurtiz died at the age of 77 on 27 September 2013 following a fall - inflicted head trauma in his residence in Etiler , Istanbul .
Gero von Schulze - Gaevernitz ( b. Freiburg , Germany , 27 September 1901 ; d. Canary Islands , 6 April 1970 ) was a German economist .
In April 1920 , the Privy Councilor Julius Elster died in Bad Harzburg during a spa stay .
Herman Feshbach ( February 2 , 1917 , in New York City -- 22 December , 2000 , in Cambridge , Massachusetts ) was an American physicist .
Together with his brother , Wilhelm `` Wille '' Engdahl , Nils Engdahl played football for IFK Stockholm before changing to athletics in 1917 .
Gary Grimshaw ( February 25 , 1946 -- January 13 , 2014 ) was an American graphic artist active in Detroit and San Francisco who specialized in designing rock concert posters .
Johann Martin Zacharias Dase ( June 23 , 1824 , Hamburg -- September 11 , 1861 , Hamburg ) was a German mental calculator .
Alberto Iria ( * 1909 in Olhão , Algarve , Portugal , †1992 in Paço de Arcos near Lisbon , Portugal ) was a Portuguese historian .
Robert Emmet was born at 109 St. Stephen 's Green , in Dublin on 4 March 1778 .
Franjo Šeper ( 2 October 1905 Osijek -- 30 December 1981 Rome ) was a Croatian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Lina Poletti ( Ravenna , 27 August 1885 -- Sanremo , 1971 ) , born Cordula Poletti , was an Italian feminist , often described as being beautiful and rebellious , prone to wear men 's clothing , and who is best known today for her affairs with writer Sibilla Aleramo and actress Eleonora Duse .
Reinhard Appel ( born February 21 , 1927 in Königshütte ; died June 26 , 2011 in Bonn ) was a German journalist and television presenter .
Christophorus Valdarfer was an early printer , active in Venice and Milan in the second half of the fifteenth century .
Joan Junceda , full name Joan García Junceda i Supervia ( 1881 in Barcelona -- 1948 in Blanes ) , was one of the most important Catalan artists and illustrators in the first half of the 20th century .
Hildegard Krekel ( 2 June 1952 in Cologne -- 26 May 2013 in Cologne ) was a German actress .
Carl West Rich ( September 12 , 1898 -- June 26 , 1972 ) was an American politician who served as Mayor of Cincinnati , three times from 1947 - 1948 , 1951 - 1953 , and 1955 - 1957 and Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Ohio .
Adio diBiccari ( 1914 in Revere -- January 1 , 2009 in Arlington ) was a noted American sculptor .
Philipp Kilian ( 1628 in Augsburg -- 1693 in Augsburg ) , was a German Baroque engraver .
Eriprando Visconti di Modrone , Count of Vico Modrone ( Milan , September 24 , 1932 -- Mortara , May 25 , 1995 ) was an Italian film director .
Alexander Ivanovich Morozov ( Russian : Александр Иванович Морозов ; 29 May 1835 , Saint Petersburg -- 11 December 1904 , Saint Petersburg ) was a Russian genre painter and engraver .
Marco Mincoff ( 1909 - 1987 ) Shakespearean scholar and professor of English Studies at the University of Sofia .
Eduard Koschwitz ( 7 October 1851 , Breslau -- 14 May 1904 , Königsberg ) was a Romance philologist .
Antonio Gil y Zárate was born in El Escorial in 1793 to Bernardo Gil , an actor well known in Madrid , and Ántonia Zárate .
Otello Bignami ( August 6 , 1914 - December 1 , 1989 ) was an Italian violin maker from Bologna .
Donato Mascagni ( 1579 - -1636 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance active in Florence , Volterra , Rome , Mugello , and Salzburg .
Horst Kaubisch was killed on 12 February 1945 , after being hit by Soviet flak near Lebus .
Oldřich Duras ( also Důras ; 30 October 1882 , Pchery , Bohemia , then Austria - Hungary -- 5 January 1957 , Prague , then Czechoslovakia ) was a leading Czech chess master of the early 20th century .
Jeanette Wässelius was born in Stockholm ; her father worked as a tapestry manufacturer .
Francisco Hernández de Toledo ( La Puebla de Montalbán , Toledo 1514 -- Madrid 28 January 1587 ) was a naturalist and court physician to the King of Spain .
In Finland the first appearance of radical Pietism is personified by Lars Ulstadius ( born in Ostrobothnia in Finland , circa 1650 - died in Stockholm 1732 ) .
Leni Riefenstahl died in her sleep at around 10:00 pm on 8 September 2003 at her home in Pöcking , Germany .
Marla English ( January 4 , 1935 , San Diego , California -- December 10 , 2012 , Tucson , Arizona ) was an American film actress during the 1950s .
Gustav Graef ( 14 December 1821 , Königsberg -- 6 January 1895 , Berlin ) was a German painter , primarily of portraits and historical subjects .
Józef Gromek played for Poland in Chess Olympiads :
Harrison Parker Tyler , better known as Parker Tyler ( 6 March 1904 , New Orleans -- June 1974 , New York City ) , was an American author , poet , and film critic .
The British mathematician Allan Joseph Champneys Cunningham ( Delhi 1842 -- London 1928 ) started a military career with the East India Company 's Bengal ( later Royal ) Engineers .
Eero Haapalainen ( 27 October 1880 , Kuopio - 27 November , 1937 Petrozavodsk ) , was a Finnish Communist leader and trade union activist .
Sam Hose ( c. 1875 -- April 23 , 1899 ) was an African American worker who was tortured and executed by a lynch mob in Coweta County , Georgia .
Živko Topalović ( 21 March 1886 in Užice -- 11 February 1972 in Vienna ) was a Yugoslav socialist politician .
Per Asplin ( 10 August 1928 in Tønsberg -- 9 October 1996 in Oslo ) was a Norwegian singer , composer and actor .
Martin Moller ( 10 November 1547 , Ließnitz -- 2 March 1606 , Görlitz ) was a German poet and mystic .
Charles François Hutin ( 4 July 1715 in Paris -- 29 July 1776 in Dresden ) was a French history and figure painter , engraver and sculptor .
Hale lived from 1869 to his death at the Edward Everett Hale House in Roxbury .
Mary Ann Conklin , also known as Mother Damnable and Madame Damnable ( 1821 - -1873 ) ran Seattle 's first brothel , the Felker House , a major means of accumulating money from sailors and lumbermen into local businesses .
Joan Comas Pausas ( Vilafranca del Penedès , 25 June 1913 -- 3 April 2009 ) was a Spanish painter , menswear trader and technical architect .
As municipal councilor of Metz between 1971 and 1983 , Jean - Marie Pelt pioneered a policy of urban ecology .
Tito Sarrocchi ( Siena , 5 January 1824 - 1900 ) was an Italian sculptor .
José Felipe Flores ( Ciudad Real Chiapas , Kingdom of Guatemala 1 May 1751 - Madrid , Spain 1814 ) was a prestigious physician and Medicine teaching pioneer in Central America .
Bernard Ouchard ( 1925 in Mirecourt -- 1979 in Vittel ) was a French master bow maker and teacher in the School of Violin and Bowmaking of Mirecourt , France .
Emilie Bach ( born Neuschloss , Bohemia , July 2 , 1840 ; died Vienna April 29 , 1890 ) was an artist and journalist .
Catherine Kousmine ( September 17 , 1904 in Hvalynsky , Russia -- August 24 , 1992 in Lutry , Switzerland ) was a Russian scientist who believed in nutritionally based medicine .
Marshall Clagett ( January 23 , 1916 , Washington , D.C. -- October 21 , 2005 , Princeton , New Jersey ) was an American historian of science who specialized in medieval science .
Orazio Farnese , Duke of Castro ( Valentano , February 1532 -- Hesdin , 18 July 1553 ) was the second duke of Castro .
Joseph Melcher ( March 19 , 1806 -- December 20 , 1873 ) was an Austrian - born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first Bishop of the Diocese of Green Bay , Wisconsin .
Adrian von Bubenberg ( born c. 1434 in Bern ; died August 1479 in Bern ) was a Bernese knight , military commander and mayor ( Schultheiss ) of Bern in 1468 - 1469 , 1473 - 1474 and 1477 - 1479 .
Julian Mandel ( 1872 Alsace --1935 Paris ) , also Julien Mandel ( French spelling ) was one of the best - known commercial photographers of female nudes of the early twentieth century .
Tadija Smičiklas ( October 1 , 1843 in Reštovo in Žumberak -- June 8 , 1914 in Zagreb ) was a Croatian historian and politician .
Jean Seznec ( 19 March 1905 in Morlaix -- 22 November 1983 in Oxford ) was a historian and mythographer whose most influential book , for English - speaking readers , has been La Survivance des dieux antiques , 1940 , translated as The Survival of the Pagan Gods :
Harold Ernest Goettler ( July 21 , 1890 -- October 6 , 1918 ) was a U.S. Army Air Service aviator killed in action on October 6 , 1918 while locating the Lost Battalion of the 77th Division during World War I. He died of wounds resulting from German fire from the ground during the flight .
Peter Dennis died on 18 April 2009 in Shadow Hills , Los Angeles , California , USA .
Cesare da Sesto ( 1477 - -1523 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance active in Milan and elsewhere in Italy .
Carl Bremiker ( 23 February 1804 , Hagen , Westphalia -- 26 March 1877 , Berlin ) was a German astronomer and geodesist .
Ridolfo Ghirlandaio ( or Ghirlandajo ) ( Florence 14 February 1483 -- 6 June 1561 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter active mainly in Florence .
Frederick Kerr ( born Frederick Grinham Keen , 11 October 1858 -- 3 May 1933 ) was an English actor who appeared on stage in both London and New York and in British and American films ; he also worked as a major theatrical manager in London .
Using his own system , Hampartsoum Limondjian transcribed most of 18th century Turkish music compositions in a collection of six books , which he presented to Selim III . Only two of the originals survive to date and are preserved at the Istanbul Municipal Conservatory Library .
Helmut Zahn ( * June 13 , 1916 in Erlangen ; † November 14 , 2004 in Aachen ) was a German chemist who is often credited as the first to synthesize Insulin in 1963 .
Robert Gersuny ( 15 January 1844 in Teplitz , Bohemia -- 31 October 1924 in Vienna ) was an Austrian surgeon .
Christian von Steven ( Russian : Христиан Христианович Стевен - Khristian Khristianovich Steven ; 19 January 1781 , in Fredrikshamn , Finland -- 30 April 1863 , in Simferopol , Crimea ) was a Finnish - born Russian botanist and entomologist .
Luigi Paolillo ( 1864-Vietri sul Mare , May 1934 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre works early in his career , and vedute of the seashore around Campania later in life .
Ulisse Dini ( 14 November 1845 -- 28 October 1918 ) was an Italian mathematician and politician , born in Pisa .
Joachim Mrugowsky ( 15 August 1905 in Rathenow , Brandenburg -- 2 June 1948 , Landsberg Prison , Landsberg am Lech ) was a German hygienist .
Otto Bang - Haas ( 20 January 1882 , Dresden -- 30 July 1948 , Dresden ) was a German entomologist and insect dealer .
Renato Olmi ( 12 July 1914 in Trezzo sull'Adda -- 15 May 1985 in Crema ) was an Italian footballer .
Egilbert ( or Engelbert ) ( died 1101 ) , called of Rothenburg , was the Archbishop of Trier from 1079 until his death .
Wolfgang von Chamier - Glisczinski died on 22 August 1943 when his airplane crashed near Sisak , Croatia .
Alfonso Rumazo González ( Latacunga , 1903 -- Caracas , 2002 ) was an Ecuadorian writer , historian , essayist and literary critic .
Roy Abernethy ( September 29 , 1906 , Pennsylvania -- February 28 , 1977 , Jupiter , Florida ) was an executive in the American automobile industry , serving as CEO of American Motors Corporation ( AMC ) from February 1962 to January 1967 .
Pieter Jacobsz Olycan ( 1572 -- 1658 ) , was a Dutch brewer , magistrate , and later mayor of Haarlem , best known today for his portraits by Frans Hals , as well as for the portraits of his wife Maritge Claesdr .
Kim Dae - jung Philip Habib , the US ambassador in Seoul , had interceded for him with the South Korean government .
He was immediately confirmed and served until his death , two years and seven months later , in the midst of World War II . Jay Pierrepont Moffat died in Ottawa two and - a - half weeks after his 47th birthday with complications from surgery for phlebitis and was succeeded as ambassador by Ray Atherton .
Nicola Giordano ( Messina , 16 June 1931 - -Messina , 10 May 1996 ) was an Italian scientist .
May Robson died in her Beverly Hills , California home at age 84 .
Jacques Cœur ( c. 1395 -- 25 November 1456 in Chios ) , was a French merchant , one of the founders of the trade between France and the Levant .
Roberto Dias Branco or simply Roberto Dias ( 7 January 1943 in São Paulo -- 26 September 2007 ) was a footballer with São Paulo FC in Brazil .
Mary de Bohun died at Peterborough Castle , giving birth to her last child , a daughter , Philippa of England .
Tiberio Murgia ( 5 February 1929 , Oristano -- 20 August 2010 , Tolfa ) was an Italian film actor .
Edgar Cowan ( September 19 , 1815 -- August 31 , 1885 ) was an American lawyer and Republican politician from Greensburg , Pennsylvania .
Paul Sibra was born in 1889 in Castelnaudary in a well of family of fabric shopkeepers .
Simo Häyhä died in a war veterans ' nursing home in Hamina in 2002 at the age of 96 , and was buried in Ruokolahti .
Aileen Britton ( 1916 , Sydney , Australia -- 19 April 1986 ) was an Australian actress of theatre , television , TV miniseries and made for television movies .
Angelo Rocca ( Rocca , near Ancone , 1545 -- Rome , 8 April 1620 ) was an Italian humanist , librarian and bishop , founder of the Angelica Library at Rome , afterwards accessible from 1604 as a public library .
William John Bowser ( Rexton , New Brunswick December 3 , 1867 -- October 25 , 1933 Vancouver ) was a politician in British Columbia , Canada .
Paolo Alatri ( Rome , 27 February 1918 -- Rome , 30 October 1995 ) was an Italian historian and Marxist politician .
Jean Beausire ( 1651 - 1743 ) , was an architect , engineer and fountain - maker and the chief of public works in Paris for King Louis XIV of France and King Louis XV of France between 1684 and 1740 , and was the architect of all the public fountains constructed in Paris that period .
Raphy Leavitt died on August 5 , 2015 at his home in Miami , Florida , two days after surgery to remove bacteria found around his artificial hip .
Júlio Botelho , also known as Julinho ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ʒuˈlĩj̃u ) ; 29 July 1929 in São Paulo -- 10 January 2003 ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player .
Emil Bartoschek ( 30 July 1899 in Czuchow , Silesia -- 26 February 1969 in Waldbrunn , Hesse , Germany ) was a German painter and Bauhaus - artist .
Jean - Baptiste Barthélemy de Lesseps ( 27 January 1766 in Sète -- 6 April/26 April 1834 in Lisbon ) was a French diplomat and writer , member of the scientific expedition of Jean - François de Galaup , comte de La Pérouse ( 1 August 1785 -- January 1788 ) and uncle of Ferdinand de Lesseps .
Louis of Meissen ( 25 February 1341 at the Wartburg -- 17 February 1382 in Calbe ) was a German nobleman from the House of Wettin .
Johann Paul Schor ( 1615 - -1674 ) , known in Rome as `` Giovanni Paolo Tedesco '' ( Tedesco literally means German in Italian ) , was an Austrian artist .
Piotr Marian Massonius ( 1 February 1862 in Kursk , Russian Empire -- 20 July 1945 in Vilnius ( Wilno ) , prewar Second Polish Republic ) was a Polish philosopher and teacher who was born into a family of expatriates during the Partitions of Poland .
August Hauner ( 29 October 1811 -- 11 June 1884 ) was a German pediatrician and founder of the Dr. von Haunerschen Kinderspitals ( Hauner Children 's Hospital ) in Munich , which today is part of the University of Munich hospital complex .
Paul Mendelssohn Bartholdy ( born Paul Felix Abraham Mendelssohn Bartholdy ; 18 January 1841 , Leipzig -- 17 February 1880 , Berlin ) was a German chemist and a pioneer in the manufacture of aniline dye .
Alfred Haemerlinck ( Assenede , 27 September 1905 -- Ghent , 10 July 1993 ) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer , who won many small races in his career ( 493 according to some newspapers ) .
Abdulla Shaig ( Azerbaijani : Abdulla Şaiq ) ( 25 February 1881 , Tbilisi -- 24 July 1959 , Baku ) , born Abdulla Mustafa oglu Talibzadeh , was an Azerbaijani writer .
Ernst Leopold , 4th Prince of Leiningen ( German : Ernst Leopold Victor Carl August Joseph Emich , Furst zu Leiningen ) ( Amorbach , 9 November 1830 -- Amorbach 5 April 1904 ) was a German nobleman .
Maturino da Firenze ( 1490 - -1528 ) was an Italian painter , born in Florence , but working in Rome during the Renaissance .
Carl Adolf Seebold ( 1873 - -1951 ) was a Swiss impresario who commissioned and ran the Dome Cinema in the English coastal town of Worthing in West Sussex .
Ivan Nabokov died 21 April 1852 in Saint Petersburg and was buried in the Peter and Paul Fortress , near Peter and Paul Cathedral .
Nicolò Guarco ( Parodi , c.1325 -- Lerici , c.1385 ) was a Genoese politician and statesman who became the 7th doge of the Republic of Genoa and led the Republic through the War of Chioggia against Venice .
Annie Trumbull Slosson ( 18 May 1838 Stonington , Connecticut - 4 October 1926 New York City ) was an American author and entomologist .
Kurt Mahler FRS ( 26 July 1903 , Krefeld , Germany -- 25 February 1988 , Canberra , Australia ) was a mathematician .
Born in Oran , Algeria , Cheb Hasni was interested in performing from an early age .
Jan Kotrč ( 23 August 1862 , Bielsko -- 17 October 1943 , Vlachovo Březí ) was a Czech chess master , chess publisher and chess problem composer .
Saint Aldebrandus or Aldebrand ( Italian : Aldebrando di Fossombrone ) , also known as Hildebrand ( 1119 30 April 1219 ) , was a Bishop of Fossombrone and a saint .
Johan Strand Johansen ( February 3 , 1903 in Åfjord - February 12 , 1970 in Moscow ) was Norwegian Minister of Labour in 1945 .
Elizabeth Philpot ( 1780 - -1857 ) was an early 19th - century British fossil collector , amateur palaeontologist and artist who collected fossils from the cliffs around Lyme Regis in Dorset on the southern coast of England .
Saul Ascher ( February 6 , 1767 in Berlin -- December 8 , 1822 in Berlin ) was a German writer , translator and bookseller .
Konstantin Kisimov died in a car accident in Balchik where he had taken part in a play .
Malcolm Struan Tonnochy ( Chinese : 杜老誌 ) was an Anglo - Indian colonial major official serving in British India and in Hong Kong .
Theodorus Netscher ( 1661 , Bordeaux -- 1728 , Hulst ) , was an 18th - century painter from the northern Netherlands .
John H. McCullagh ( 1842 -- March 6 , 1893 ) was an American law enforcement officer and police captain in the New York City Police Department .
Sergei Nikitich Kovalev ( 15 August 1919 , Petrograd -- 24 February 2011 , Saint Petersburg ) was one of the designers of the U.S.S.R. nuclear submarines .
Otto Scrinzi ( February 5 , 1918 in Lienz , Tirol -- 2 January 2012 in Moosburg , Austria ) , was an Austrian neurologist , journalist and politician ( VdU / FPÖ ) .
Jean Majerus ( 6 February 1914 in Luxembourg City - 16 June 1983 in Esch - sur - Alzette ) was a professional Luxembourgian cyclist from 1936 to 1947 .
George Cameron Stone ( August 6 , 1859 in Geneva , New York -- November 18 , 1935 in New York City , New York ) was a well - known American arms collector and author as well as an American mining engineer and metallurgist .
Adriano Buzzati - Traverso ( 6 April 1913 , Milan , Italy -- 22 April 1983 ) was an Italian geneticist .
Ludwig Rhesa ( also known as Martin Ludwig Rhesa , Ludwig Jedemin Rhesa , Martynas Liudvikas Gediminas Rėza ; 9 January 1776 -- 30 August 1840 ) was a consistorial councillor of the Evangelical Church in Prussia and a professor at the University of Königsberg in East Prussia .
Leo August Pochhammer ( 25 August 1841 , Stendal -- 24 March 1920 , Kiel ) was a Prussian mathematician who was educated in Berlin , obtaining his Ph.D. in 1863 under Ernst Kummer .
Guido Donegani ( 26 March 1877 in Livorno -- 16 April 1947 in Bordighera ) , was a prominent Italian engineer , businessman and politician .
Eliphalet Lockwood ( 1741 -- 1814 ) was a nine - term member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in the sessions of May and October 1790 , May and October 1791 , October 1794 , May and October 1795 , May and October 1796 .
Carmelo Scicluna ( 3 August 1800 - 12 July 1888 ) was a Maltese prelate and count who served as the bishop of Malta from 1875 till 1888 .
In the wake of the struggle between his father and Balfour , Austen Chamberlain became Chancellor of the Exchequer in 1903 .
Juan Sinforiano Bogarín ( August 21 , 1863 - February 25 , 1949 ) was an eminent Paraguayan clergyman , the first Roman Catholic archbishop of Paraguay .
Frederick Walker Pitkin ( August 31 , 1837 -- December 18 , 1886 ) , a U.S. Republican Party politician , served as the second Governor of Colorado from 1879 to 1883 .
Edward Francis Hoban ( June 27 , 1878 -- September 22 , 1966 ) was an American prelate and bishop ( later archbishop ) of the Roman Catholic Church .
Raniero Capocci , also known as Ranieri , Rainerio da Viterbo ( c. 1180 - 1190 -- 27 May 1250 ) was an Italian cardinal and military leader , a fierce adversary of emperor Frederick II .
Khufu ( /ˈkuːfuː/ KOO - foo ) , originally Khnum - Khufu ( /ˈknuːmˈkuːfuː/ KNOOM - koo - foo ) , is the birth name of a Fourth Dynasty ancient Egyptian pharaoh , who ruled in the first half of the Old Kingdom period ( 26th century BC ) .
Thomas LeRoy Collins ( March 10 , 1909 -- March 12 , 1991 ) was an attorney and politician , the 33rd Governor of Florida , serving a special term in 1955 , and being elected to a four - year term in 1956 , serving through 1960 .
Kay Bailey Hutchison ( born Kathryn Ann Bailey ; July 22 , 1943 ) is a former United States Senator from Texas .
John Tod was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1810 to 1813 , serving twice as its Speaker .
Stanislav Gross ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈstaɲɪslaf ˈɡros ) ; 30 October 1969 -- 16 April 2015 ) was a Czech lawyer and politician who was Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from 2004 to 2005 .
George Howard Paul ( March 14 , 1826 -- 1890 ) was an American newspaperman , businessman and Democratic politician who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing its 6th District in Milwaukee County ; and held various other offices of honor locally and in the government of the state of Wisconsin .
Lynn Olman is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the Toledo area .
Kevin Farrell said of his brother , `` My brother is a bishop .
Sylvester Carmel Magro ( born 14 February 1941 ) is a Maltese bishop who since 1997 has served as the Apostolic Vicar of Benghazi in Libya .
Matthieu Prosper Avril ( born December 12 , 1937 ) is a Haitian political figure who was President of Haiti from 1988 to 1990 .
Park M. Strader ( February 15 , 1945 -- August 19 , 2009 ) was a Tennessee politician and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 14th district , which comprises part of Knox County .
Kelley Wirth is a former member of the Oregon House of Representatives , where she represented Corvallis , Oregon .
Antonius Grech Delicata Testaferrata ( 21 February 1823 - 31 December 1876 ) was a Maltese bishop who became the second Bishop of Gozo in 1868 .
Neferka was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the Sixth Dynasty , who briefly reigned around 2200 BC . A king with the name Neferka , written in the papyrus as Neferka - khered appears in the Turin King List between king Netjerkare Siptah and a king Nefer .
Francisco Desprats ( 1454 - -1504 ) ( called the Cardinal of León ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Benjamin Guerard ( 1739 -- December 21 , 1788 ) was a lawyer , patriot of the Revolutionary War and the 34th Governor of South Carolina from 1783 to 1785 .
Joseph - Marie Trịnh Như Khuê ( December 11 , 1898 - -November 27 , 1978 ) was a Vietnamese first cardinal of the Catholic Church .
Monsignor Ambrose Madtha ( 2 November 1955 -- 8 December 2012 ) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of Naissus and the Nuncio to Ivory Coast .
Robert Dunne ( 5 September 1830 -- 13 January 1917 ) was the second Roman Catholic bishop of Brisbane and later he became its first archbishop .
Edward Grayndler ( 12 October 1867 -- 12 March 1943 ) was a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1921 to 1934 and 1936 to 1943 , and General Secretary of the Australian Workers ' Union from 1912 to 1941.The federal electorate of Grayndler in Sydney 's metropolitan inner - west is named after him .
Richard William Brian Harradine ( 9 January 1935 -- 14 April 2014 ) was an Australian politician who served as an independent member of the Australian Senate , from 1975 to 2005 , representing the state of Tasmania .
José Efraín Ríos Montt ( Spanish pronunciation : ( efɾaˈin ˈri.os ˈmont ) ; born June 16 , 1926 ) is a Guatemalan politician who was President of Guatemala from 1982 to 1983 .
Spyridonas Chrysanthakidis ( Greek : Σπυρίδωνας Χρυσανθακίδης , 1862-mid 20th century , year unknown ) was a Greek politician of Achaia and a mayor of Patras .
James Mather ( c. 1750 in England -- 1821 in St. James Parish , Louisiana ) was mayor of New Orleans from March 9 , 1807 to May 23 , 1812 , at which time he resigned .
Dr Yehuda Lancry ( Hebrew : יהודה לנקרי‎ , Arabic : يهودا لانكري‎ ; born 25 September 1947 ) is a former Israeli politician and ambassador to France and the United Nations .
Anders Sunesen ( also Andreas , Suneson , Sunesøn , Latin : Andreas Sunonis ) ( c. 1167 -- 1228 ) was a Danish archbishop of Lund , Scania , from 21 March 1201 , at the death of Absalon , to his own death in 1228 .
Charles Borromeo ( Italian : Carlo Borromeo , Latin : Carolus Borromeus , 1538 - -1584 ) was a cardinal who was archbishop of Milan from 1564 to 1584 .
Laurie Funderburk ( born March 31 , 1975 ) is Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives , serving since 2005 .
Irakli Alasania ( Georgian : ირაკლი ალასანია ) ( born 21 December 1973 ) is a Georgian politician and former diplomat who served as the Minister of Defense of Georgia from 2012 to 2014 .
Vincenzo Labini ( 28 April 1735 - 30 April 1807 ) was an Italian archbishop who served as Bishop of Malta from 1780 till 1807 .
Kasu Brahmananda Reddy ( 28 July 1909 -- 20 May 1994 at Hyderabad ) was the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh , India from 29 February 1964 to 30 September 1971 .
Bill Patmon ( born February 13 , 1946 ) is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives who has represented the Tenth District since 2011 .
Carlos Carmelo Vasconcellos Motta ( July 16 , 1890 , Bom Jesus do Amparo , archdiocese of Mariana , Minas Gerais , Brazil -- September 18 , 1982 , Aparecida , São Paulo , Brazil ) was a long - serving cardinal .
Bonifatius Becker OSB ( 31 October 1898 -- 9 May 1981 ) was the first resident abbot in more than 100 years of the Kornelimünster Abbey , a monastery near Aachen that was rebuilt in 1956 .
In 1896 the bishop , Dr Henry Henry , organised a Catholic Association , with local goals only , to control representation in the newly - created Catholic wards ( of Belfast ) .
William Prentice Cooper , Jr. ( September 28 , 1895 -- May 18 , 1969 ) was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1939 to 1945 .
Norbert Nolty Chabert , known as Norby Chabert ( born November 28 , 1975 ) , is a former political consultant from Houma , Louisiana , who is a Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate from District 20 in Terrebonne and Lafourche parishes .
Robert Blackadder was a medieval Scottish cleric , diplomat and politician , who was abbot of Melrose , bishop - elect of Aberdeen and bishop of Glasgow ; when the last was elevated to archiepiscopal status in 1492 , he became the first ever archbishop of Glasgow .
José Abad Santos y Basco ( February 19 , 1886 -- May 7 , 1942 ) was the fifth Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines .
Pedro López Quintana ( born 27 July 1953 in Barbastra , Spain ) is a Catholic archbishop and diplomat of the Holy See .
Vilasrao Deshmukh was two - time Chief Minister of Maharashtra , from 1999 to 2003 and from 2004 to 2008 .
Tadeusz Pikus ( born September 1 , 1949 in Zabiele , Mońki County ) is a Polish Roman Catholic bishop and professor of fundamental theology , who has been Auxiliary Bishop of Warsaw from 1999 to 2014 , bishop of Drohiczyn sine 2014 .
Cesare Mori ( Pavia , December 22 , 1871 -- Udine , July 6 , 1942 ) was a prefect ( prefetto ) before and during the Fascist period in Italy .
General Ishaya Bakut ( 3 January 1947 -- 21 March 2015 ) was Military Governor of Benue State in Nigeria from September 1986 to December 1987 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Shehu Mustapha Idrissa Timta ( 1942 -- May 30 , 2014 ) was a Nigeria traditional leader who served as the 3rd Emir of Gwoza from October 1981 until his death in May 2014 .
Saint Amelberga of Susteren was the Benedictine abbess of Susteren Abbey , Netherlands in the 9th century AD ; she died about 900 AD .
Brent Hassert was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 85th district where he served from 1993 until January 2009 .
María Muñiz de Urquiza is Spanish member of the European Parliament .
Adrin Nazarian ( Armenian : Ատրին Նազարեան ; hayer : ( hɑˈjɛɾ ) , born March 19 , 1973 ) is an American politician and member of the California State Assembly representing the 46th district , encompassing the central - southern San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles .
Paul Jiang Taoran ( July 27 , 1926 -- November 15 , 2010 Shijazhuang , Hebei , China ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Zhengding .
Saint Martial ( 3rd century ) , called `` the Apostle of the Gauls '' or `` the Apostle of Aquitaine '' , was the first bishop of Limoges .
Sani Abacha ( 20 September 1943 -- 8 June 1998 ) was a Nigerian Army general and politician who served as the de facto President of Nigeria from 1993 to 1998 .
Saint Berno of Cluny ( French : Bernon ) or Berno of Baume ( c. 850 -- 13 January 927 ) was first abbot of Cluny from its foundation in 910 until he resigned in 925 .
Nguyễn Hữu Thọ ( 10 July 1910 , Bến Lức District -- 24 December 1996 , Hanoi ) was the Chairman of Consultative Council of the National Liberation Front of South Vietnam from 6 June 1969 to 25 April 1976 , and the Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam from 4 July 1981 to 18 June 1987 .
Roberto Raschi ( born c. 1964 ) was Captain Regent of San Marino .
Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry ( Urdu : اِفتِخار مُحَمّد چودهرى‎ ; born 12 December 1948 ) is a former Pakistani judge and 20th Chief Justice of Pakistan , over three non - consecutive terms from 29 June 2005 to 11 December 2013 .
Eva Brems ( born 1969 ) is a Belgian university professor , human rights defender and politician .
Agostino Gaetano Riboldi ( 1839 - -1902 ) was an Italian cardinal and Archbishop of Ravenna from 1901 to 1902 .
Terence Hallinan ( born December 4 , 1936 ) is an American attorney and politician from San Francisco , California .
Daniel Haines ( January 6 , 1801 -- January 26 , 1877 ) was an American jurist who served as the 14th Governor of New Jersey .
Saint Rimbert ( or Rembert ) ( Flanders , 830 -- 11 June 888 in Bremen ) was archbishop of Bremen - Hamburg from 865 until his death .
Pope Alexander II ( d. 21 April 1073 ) , born Anselm of Baggio ( Italian : Anselmo da Baggio ) , was bishop of Lucca and then pope from 30 September 1061 to his death in 1073 .
David N. Crouch ( born June 18 , 1852 , date of death unknown ) of Leola , South Dakota was an Independent member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing McPherson County from the 42nd House District .
Jawaharlal Nehru ( /ˈneɪruː , ˈnɛruː/ ; Hindustani : ( ˈdʒəʋaːɦərˈlaːl ˈneːɦru ) ; 14 November 1889 -- 27 May 1964 ) was the first Prime Minister of India and a central figure in Indian politics before and after independence .
Luis Osvaldo Hurtado Larrea ( born June 26 , 1939 in Chambo , Chimborazo Province , Ecuador ) is an Ecuadorian author and politician who served as President of Ecuador from 1981 to 1984 .
Julien Ries ( 19 April 1920 -- 23 February 2013 ) was a Belgian religious historian , titular archbishop and cardinal of the Catholic Church .
Arnaud de Pellegrue ( died August 1331 ) was a cardinal - nephew of Pope Clement V , the first pope of the Avignon Papacy .
Bishop Jacques - Victor - Marius Rouchouse ( June 6 , 1860 -- December 20 , 1948 ) was the first Roman Catholic bishop of Chengdu , a post he held from 1946 until his death in 1948 .
Joe E. Armstrong ( born November 30 , 1956 , in Knoxville , Tennessee ) is an American politician and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 15th district , which encompasses part of Knox County .
John Hugh Means ( August 18 , 1812 -- August 30 , 1862 ) was the 64th Governor of South Carolina from 1850 to 1852 and an infantry colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Manuel Mariano Melgarejo Valencia ( 13 April 1820 -- 23 November 1871 ) was the 18th President of Bolivia , from December 28 , 1864 , to January 15 , 1871 .
Ruggieri degli Ubaldini ( fl . 1271 -- 15 September 1295 , Viterbo ) was an Italian archbishop .
Elias Hrawi ( Arabic : الياس الهراوي‎ , 4 September 1926 - 7 July 2006 ) was a President of Lebanon , whose term of office ran from 1989 to 1998 .
Henry Wu King - cheong , BBS , JP ( born 22 August 1951 , Hong Kong ) was the member of the Provisional Legislative Council ( 1996 - -98 ) and Legislative Council in 1998 - -2000 for Financial Services .
François de Noailles , ( 2 July 1519 - -19 September 1585 ) Papal Prothonotary , made Bishop of Dax in 1556 , was French ambassador in Venice in the 1560s , and French ambassador of Charles IX to the Ottoman Empire from 1571 to 1575 .
Konstantinos Logothetopoulos ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Ι. Λογοθετόπουλος ; 1878 -- July 6 , 1961 ) was a distinguished Greek medical doctor who became Prime Minister of Greece , directing the Greek collaborationist government during the Axis occupation of Greece during World War II . Logothetopoulos was born in Nafplion in 1878 .
Maurice Carey Blake ( October 20 , 1815 -- September 26 , 1897 ) was the 19th Mayor of San Francisco , serving from December 5 , 1881 to January 7 , 1883 .
Pierpaolo Parisio ( 1473 - -1545 ) was an Italian bishop and Cardinal .
William Henry Gist ( August 22 , 1807 - - September 30 , 1874 ) was the 68th Governor of South Carolina from 1858 to 1860 and a leader of the secession movement in South Carolina .
When Archbishop of Trier John of Isenburg - Grenzau fell ill , the cathedral chapter of the Cathedral of Trier elected Johann von der Leyen as coadjutor archbishop on 22 October 1555 .
Giorgio Orsoni ( born August 29 , 1946 ) is an Italian lawyer , politician and a former mayor of Venice .
Alfredo Félix Cristiani Burkard , popularly known as Alfredo Cristiani ( born 22 November 1947 ) was President of El Salvador from 1989 to 1994 .
Matthieu Cointerel ( Morannes 1519 - -1585 ) also known as Matteo Contarelli , was a French Roman Catholic cardinal .
Fernando Niño de Guevara ( 1541 - -1609 ) was a Spanish cardinal who was also Archbishop of Seville and Grand Inquisitor of Spain .
Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar ( Urdu : ابراہیم اسماعیل چندریگر‎ ; commonly known as I. I. Chundrigar ) was the sixth Prime Minister of Pakistan for approximately 2 months from October 17 , 1957 to December 16 , 1957 .
Cellanus ( fl . ca . 675 - 706 ) was the abbot of Péronne in Picardy .
Saddam Hussein Abd al - Majid al - Tikriti ( Arabic : صدام حسين عبد المجيد التكريتي Ṣaddām Ḥusayn ʿAbd al - Maǧīd al - Tikrītī ; 28 April 1937 -- 30 December 2006 ) was the fifth President of Iraq , serving in this capacity from 16 July 1979 until 9 April 2003 .
Wulfad ( died 876 ) was the archbishop of Bourges from 866 until his death .
Sir Humphrey Appleby , GCB , KBE , MVO , MA ( Oxon ) , is a fictional character from the British television series Yes Minister and Yes , Prime Minister .
Puddleglum appears in The Silver Chair , in which he is a principal character .
Aztec Massacre is a 2008 television documentary produced by Thirteen / WNET New York and ITVS International and broadcast as part of PBS 's Secrets of the Dead series .
Pachanottukal is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by AB Raj and produced by KP Kottarakkara .
Chilanthivala ( Spider Web)is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Vijayanand and produced by A Raghunath .
Loved Up is a BBC drama , first shown on 23 September 1995 in the BBC 2 Love Bites series .
Young , Jewish , and Left combines queer culture , Jewish - Arab history , secular Yiddishkeit , anti - racist analysis , and religious traditions into a multi - layered picture of the circa 2006 Jewish Left .
Amor último modelo ( English language : Love , Latest Model ) is a 1942 Argentine comedy film directed by Roberto Ratti and written by Ariel Cortazzo and Conrado de Koller .
Cities in Love ( Chinese : 恋爱中的城市 ) is a 2015 Chinese romance anthology film directed by Muye Wen , Runnian Dong , Yi Han , Fu Tien - yu and Jiatong Yi .
Something Remote is a 2009 American independent comedy film written and directed by Alex Laferriere , and produced by Nick Allain and Steve DiTullio .
Satya 2 is a 2013 Indian crime film , simultaneously shot in Hindi and Telugu language .
Chanwa Ke Take Chakor is Bhojpuri film released in 1981 directed by Nazir Hussain .
The Eddy Duchin Story is a 1956 Technicolor film biopic of band leader and pianist Eddy Duchin .
No Blood No Tears ( Hangul : 피도 눈물도 없이 ; RR : Pi - do nunmul - do eobsi ) is a 2002 South Korean pulp noir film from director Ryoo Seung - wan .
Tales of a Golden Geisha ( also known as あげまん and Ageman ) is a 1990 Japanese comedy film by director Juzo Itami .
Dear J is a 2008 Independent Film drama by CubeCity Entertainment .
Shyamali ( Bengali : শ্যামলী ) a 1956 Indian film directed by Ajoy Kar and stars Kaberi Bose as the title character Shyamali .
Monkeys in Winter ( Bulgarian : Маймуни през зимата , transcribed : Maimuni prez zimata ) is a 2006 Bulgarian film directed by Milena Andonova .
My Ex ( Thai : แฟนเก่า or Fan Kao ) is a 2009 Thai horror film .
Parinay ( literally Espousal ) is a 1974 Hindi film directed by Kantilal Rathod and produced by Samantar Chitra .
`` Om du lämnade mig nu '' is a single by Lars Winnerbäck & Miss Li , released on 20 August 2007 .
Sarvam Sakthimayam is a 1986 Tamil devotional film directed by PR Somasundhar under the banner Preethi Inder Combines .
Streetheart ( Le coeur au poing ) is a 1998 film that was awarded the Crystal Globe at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 1998 .
Ang Darling Kong Aswang ( lit . `` My Aswang Darling '' ) , also known as Ang Darling Kong Asawa , is a 2009 Filipino comedy horror film .
Paradise Grove is an independent 2003 black comedy filmed in London .
Sally Swing is a 1938 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Rose Marie as Sally Swing and Margie Hines as Betty Boop .
Bhadram Koduko ( Telugu : భద్రం కొడుకో ) was a 1992 Telugu film .
Death Party is an EP by punk blues group The Gun Club , released in 1983 .
Jönssonligan på Mallorca ( The Johnson Gang in Mallorca - International : English title ) is a Swedish film made in 1989 , and is one of a series about a criminal gang called Jönssonligan .
Prehistoric Women is a 1950 low - budget fantasy adventure film , written and directed by Gregg C. Tallas and starring Laurette Luez and Allan Nixon .
Yu Ming Is Ainm Dom ( My Name Is Yu Ming ) is a 2003 Irish short film .
Malashree Mamashree ( Kannada : ಮಾಲಾಶ್ರೀ ಮಾಮಾಶ್ರೀ ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada comedy - drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Ramanath starring Sunil , Malashri , Tara , Mukhyamantri Chandru and Balaraj in the lead roles .
Hemp for Victory is a black - and - white United States government film made during World War II and released in 1942 , explaining the uses of hemp , encouraging farmers to grow as much as possible .
Bästa vänner is a 1997 album from Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson .
Weasel Stop is a 1955 Foghorn Leghorn animated short film from Warner Bros. released in February 1956 and directed by Robert McKimson .
Thokar also called The Kick is 1939 Hindi / Urdu film directed by A. R. Kardar .
Twenty Minutes of Love is a 1914 American comedy silent film made by Keystone Studios .
Dear vs Bear is a 2014 Hindi Romantic thriller film , directed by Sanjeev Vedwan and produced by Naresh Kataria .
Cryptographie indéchiffrable ( subtitle : basée sur de nouvelles combinaisons rationelles ) is a French book on cryptography written by Émile Victor Théodore Myszkowski ( a retired French colonel ) and published in 1902 .
Shout Gladi Gladi is a 2015 American / United Kingdom documentary film about the obstetric fistula problem in Africa , co - directed by Adam Friedman and Iain Kennedy , narrated by Meryl Streep , and named for the celebration held after women completed treatment .
Roxy Hunter and the Mystery of the Moody Ghost is a 2007 Nickelodeon Original Movie , and is the first TV movie of the Roxy Hunter Movies .
In Old Missouri ( 1940 ) is a film starring Leon Weaver , Frank Weaver , and June Weaver , and released by Republic Pictures .
Sint ( released on DVD as Saint in Europe and Saint Nick in the United States ) is a 2010 Dutch dark comedy horror film about Sinterklaas , a character comparable to Santa Claus in English - speaking countries .
Meravanige a Kannada Language movie released in July 2008 .
Sanngto Aika is a 2014 Marathi language Indian film .
Garbage Dreams is a 2009 feature length documentary film produced and directed by Mai Iskander .
In 1999 , Ian Goldberg and David A. Wagner cryptanalyzed A5/2 in the same month it was published , and showed that it was extremely weak -- so much so that low end equipment can probably break it in real time .
Penn Deivam ( Tamil : பெண் தெய்வம் ) is a 1970 Indian Tamil film , directed by M. A. Thirumugam and produced by Sandow M. M. A. Chinnappa Thevar .
Kalavu ( Kannada:ಕಳವು ) is a 2013 Kannada movie based on Dr KY Narayanaswamy 's novel with the same title .
Gunfighters of Casa Grande ( Spanish : Los Pistoleros de Casa Grande ) is a 1964 Eurowestern film , co - produced by American and Spanish producers .
The People vs. Paul Crump is a 1962 documentary about the prisoner Paul Crump who was on death row for robbery and murder .
Zoom and Bored is a 1957 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner .
Mark of the Devil Part II , or in original German Hexen geschändet und zu Tode gequält ( lit . `` Witches Are Violated and Tortured to Death '' ) , is a German horror film released in 1973 .
Audioscopiks is a 1935 American short documentary film directed by Jacob F. Leventhal and John A. Norling .
The Promise of New York is a 2009 documentary film documenting some less - well - known candidates in the New York City 2005 mayoral race .
Mahallada duv - duv gap ( The Talk of the Neighborhood or The Whole Neighborhood is Talking about It ) ( Uzbek : Mahallada duv - duv gap , Маҳаллада дув-дув гап ; Russian : Об этом говорит вся махалля ) is a 1960 black - and - white Uzbek comedy .
Hail to England is Manowar 's third album which was released in 1984 .
Sanghunadam is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film , directed by TS Suresh Babu and produced by Harinarayanan .
Aathmaarpanam is a 1956 Indian Malayalam film , directed by GR Rao .
Galactic Arms Race ( GAR ) is a space shooter video game first released in 2010 by Evolutionary Games in association with the Evolutionary Complexity Research Group at UCF ( EPlex ) .
Shredderman Rules is a 2007 television film based on Wendelin Van Draanen 's Shredderman book series .
The Whalers is a cartoon produced by the Walt Disney Company and released by RKO Radio Pictures on August 19 , 1938 .
Udhaya Geetham ( also spelt as Udaya Geetham ) is a 1985 Indian Tamil language film directed by K. Rangaraj .
Pax Imperia is a 4X game for the Apple Macintosh , released in 1992 .
Consequently , Ra . One was theatrically released on 26 October 2011 , the beginning of the five - day Diwali weekend , in 2D , 3D and dubbed versions , with three international premieres being held between October 24 & 26 , 2011 .
Unacceptable Levels is a 2013 documentary film about the widespread use of artificial chemicals and their effects on the natural environment and on human health .
A Queen Is Crowned is a 1953 British Technicolor documentary film written by Christopher Fry .
The Last Man on Planet Earth is a 1999 television film about a female - dominated society following the death of the majority of the world 's men .
Weekend Pass is a 1984 comedy film written and directed by Lawrence Bassoff , based on a story by Mark Tenser .
A Dinosaur 's Tale is a 1993 Sega Genesis action video game that is based on the Steven Spielberg animated feature , We 're Back !
Lost in Wrestling ( Chinese : 搏击迷城 ) , also known as 3D Lost in Wrestling , is a 2015 Chinese - Hong Kong 3D sports drama film directed by Casey Chan .
The Strange Marchioness ( Spanish : La marquesona ) is a 1940 Spanish musical film directed by Eusebio Fernández Ardavín and starring Mary del Río , Fernando Fresno , Miguel García Morcillo .
Clippety Clobbered is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical animated short which was released in 1966 .
Aas Ka Panchhi is a 1961 Hindi movie produced by J. Om Prakash .
Jak dostat tatínka do polepšovny is a 1978 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Marie Polednáková .
Amrita Kumbher Sandhane ( Bengali : অমৃত কুম্ভের সন্ধানে , Quest for the Pitcher of Nectar ) is a 1982 Bengali film directed by Dilip Roy .
The Butterfly Circus is a short independent film , created by Joshua and Rebekah Weigel in 2009 .
Miley Naa Miley Hum is a 2011 Bollywood film directed by Tanveer Khan , and marking the debut of Chirag Paswan , son of Ram Vilas Paswan .
Mission Asteroid is a graphic adventure game released in 1980 by On - Line Systems , now known as Sierra Entertainment .
International Soccer , also known as Cup Final , is a 1983 video game .
Johnny the Fox was released on 16 October 1976 , and reached No.11 in the UK charts .
George Lucas in Love is an independent , live action , parodical short film that started attracting notice in June 1999 when it was passed around Hollywood offices as a filmmaker 's `` calling card '' .
Forks Over Knives ( 2011 ) is an American advocacy film that advocates a low - fat , whole - food , plant - based diet as a way to avoid or reverse several chronic diseases .
The Taste of Money ( Hangul : 돈의 맛 ; RR : Donui Mat ) is a 2012 South Korean erotic thriller film about a conglomerate - owning family .
Nick Carter , le roi des détectives ( 1908 ) is a French silent serial film based on the popular American novels featuring the master - detective Nick Carter .
Lolita from Interstellar Space is a 2014 American made for cable erotic film written and directed by Dean McKendrick .
Codehunters is an award - winning 2006 short film directed and written by Ben Hibon , animated by Axis Animation , and music by Joris de Man .
The Other Barrio is a 2015 neo - film noir directed by Dante Betteo , co - produced by Lou Dematteis , and based on the short story `` The Other Barrio '' by Alejandro Murguia .
Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi ( English : That which runs is a Vehicle ) is a 1958 Indian comedy film .
Phantom Beirut ( Arabic : أشباح بيروت ashbah bayroot ) is a 1998 Lebanese film by the Lebanese director Ghassan salhab .
Choothaattam is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K Sukumaran Nair and produced by TMN Charley .
Summer Whispers ( Hangul : 여름 , 속삭임 ; RR : Yeoreum , Soksakim ) is a 2008 South Korean romance film starring Lee Young - eun and Ha Seok - jin .
Marupakkam ( The Other Side ) ( 1990 ) is an award - winning drama feature film directed by K.S. Sethu Madhavan .
Mast Maja Maadi is a 2008 Kannada comedy - romance film directed by R. Ananth Raju featuring Sudeep , Vijay Raghavendra , Diganth , Naga Kiran , Komal and Jennifer Kotwal in the lead roles .
Dodge ' Em is a 1980 Atari 2600 video game , a driving game based on a single screen of four concentric roadways , the same as in Sega 's Head On ( 1979 ) .
Passion 's Playground is a 1920 American silent film produced by and starring Katherine MacDonald .
The Kingdom of Twilight is a 1929 film directed by British author and explorer Alexander MacDonald .
Videograms of a Revolution is a 1992 documentary film compiled by Harun Farocki and Andrei Ujică from over 125 hours of amateur footage , news footage , and excerpts from the Bucharest TV studio overtaken by demonstrators as part of the December 1989 Romanian Revolution .
Aasmaan is a 1984 Bollywood movie starring Rajiv Kapoor , Tina Munim , Divya Rana and Mala Sinha .
Thakita Thakita is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Sreehari Nanu , produced by Bharat Thakur .
Yahaan is a 2005 Hindi war drama , romance film .
No . 66 Madhura Bus is a 2012 Malayalam road movie .
Une Femme ou Deux ( One Woman or Two ) is a French comedy film released in 1985 .
It Was a Wonderful Life is a 1993 documentary film about homeless women in the United States .
Agantuker Pore ( Bengali : আগন্তুকের পরে , lit . `` After The Stranger '' ) is an upcoming 2015 Bengali drama film will be directed by Orko Sinha and produced by Dag Creative Media .
Hugo III , Jungle of Doom ! is an adventure game released for DOS in 1992 .
The Adventure of the Wrong Santa Claus is a 1914 silent Christmas film .
Sorgavasal ( Tamil : சொர்கவாசல் ) is a 1954 Indian Tamil film , directed by A. Kasilingam and produced by M. Somasundaram and M. K. Kaliapa .
The Collected Stories of Eudora Welty is a collection of short stories by Eudora Welty , first published by Houghton Mifflin in 1980 .
Espionage in Tangier ( Spanish : Marc Mato , agente S. 077 , Italian : S.077 spionaggio a Tangeri ) is a 1965 Spanish - Italian spy film , inspired by James Bond and directed by Gregg C. Tallas .
Paalige Bandadde Panchamrutha ( Kannada : ಪಾಲಿಗೆ ಬಂದದ್ದೆ ಪಂಚಾಮೃತ ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film , directed by M B Ganesh Singh ( B.A ) and produced by K Krishnaswamy .
Time and the Wind ( Portuguese : O Tempo e o Vento ) is a 2013 Brazilian epic drama film based on a series of novels written by the Brazilian author Erico Verissimo .
The Betty Boop Movie Mystery ( also known as Betty Boop 's Hollywood Mystery ) is a 1989 animated special starring Betty Boop .
Songs by George Harrison 2 was published on 22 June 1992 , with the Genesis Publications catalogue number SGH 778 .
Kakkakarumban is a 2004 Indian Malayalam film , directed by MA Venu , starring Sidharth Bharathan and Meenakshi in the lead role .
Three Rooms in Manhattan ( French : Trois chambres à Manhattan ) is a black and white 1965 French drama film filmed in New York City .
Die gefrorenen Blitze ( Frozen Lightning ; English - language title : Frozen Flashes ; French - language title : Et l'Angleterre sera détruite , England Would Be Destroyed ) is a two - part 1967 East - German film .
Hitler Meets Christ is a film that premiered at the Cinequest Film Festival in 2007 and went on to play at other festivals internationally .
Maga Maharaju ( Telugu : మగ మహారాజు ) is a 1983 Telugu film that was directed by Vijaya Bapineedu and was produced by Shyam Prasad Arts .
American Strays is a 1996 American Comedy - Drama film which follows three interwoven stories of desert travelers as they converge on a small diner .
Do n't Tempt Me ( Spanish : Bendito Infierno , also known as Sin noticias de Dios in Spanish and No News From God in English ) is a 2001 Mexican and Spanish co - production comedy film .
J. W. Coop is a 1972 American Western film set in the world of the modern American rodeo circuit .
The Assam Garden is a 1985 British drama film made by Moving Picture Company and distributed by Contemporary Films Ltd. The film was directed by Mary McMurray and produced by Nigel Stafford - Clark with Peter Jaques as associate producer .
The Witch from Melchet Street is a 2007 Israeli modern - day urban fairy tale about magic and first love .
The Wily Chaperon is a 1915 American silent short comedy - drama film directed by Thomas Ricketts .
White Lightnin ' is a 2009 dramatic thriller film directed by Dominic Murphy and written by Eddy Moretti and Shane Smith .
The Barber is a 2001 film that examines the interaction between the mind of a psychopath and the minds of ordinary people who are fascinated by them .
Black Noon is an American made - for - TV horror western feature film that debuted in 1971 .
The Outcome ( Spanish : El desenlace ) is a 2005 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Pinzás .
La bella vita is a 1994 Italian comedy drama film .
The Man in the Santa Claus Suit is a 1979 made - for television Christmas film directed by Corey Allen , and starring Fred Astaire in his final television appearance .
The Family Way is a 1966 British comedy - drama film based on Bill Naughton 's play All in Good Time ( 1963 ) .
In the Shadow of the Blade is a 2004 American documentary film produced and directed by Patrick and Cheryl Fries .
Lies Across America a 1999 book by James Loewen , and is a follow up sequel to his 1995 work Lies My Teacher Told Me .
The Eight Hilarious Gods is a 1993 Hong Kong fantasy mo lei tau film directed by Jeffery Chiang .
In January 2014 , film 's title was changed from Deal to Vaa Deal .
Money No Enough ( Chinese : 钱不够用 ; pinyin : Qián Bǔgòu Yòng ) is a 1998 Singaporean comedy film about three friends with financial problems who start a car polishing business together .
Three Orphan Kittens is a 1935 animated short film in the Silly Symphonies series produced by Walt Disney Productions .
Bosko 's Holiday is a one - reel 1931 short subject animated cartoon , part of the Bosko series .
Night Man is an American action / adventure / sci - fi series that aired in syndication from September 15 , 1997 to May 17 , 1999 .
Ganja Queen is an Australian documentary film about the arrest , trial , and imprisonment of Schapelle Corby released in 2007 .
Father Gets Entangled Again ( Spanish : Papá se enreda otra vez ) is a 1940 Mexican film .
Henry & Me is a 2014 American animated drama film directed by Barrett Esposito and written by David I. Stern .
Naked Idol is expected to air on March 14 , 2009 .
Swarm of the Snakehead is a 2006 comedy / horror feature film directed by Frank A. Lama and Joel C. Denning and written by Seth Hurwitz .
Aajcha Divas Majha ( Marathi : आजचा दिवस माझा ; translation : Today Is Mine ) is a Marathi drama film released on 29 March 2013 .
King Cat is a 1967 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Hsu Tseng Hung and produced by Shaw Brothers Studio .
Texas Night Train is a 2001 independent horror film by Fort Worth , Texas - based artist and first - time filmmaker Shanti Guy .
Inspector Pratap is a 1988 Telugu , Action film produced by Y. Anilbabu on Krishna Chitra banner and directed by Muthyala Subbaiah .
Susanne Brink 's Arirang ( Hangul : 수잔브링크의 아리랑 ) is a 1991 South Korean / Swedish film based upon the life and experiences of Susanne Brink , an adult Korean adoptee from Sweden who suffered abuse and racism in her adoptive home and country .
Galaga X6 is a standalone handheld electronic game made by Epoch in 1983 .
Thirty Million Letters is a 1963 short documentary film directed by James Ritchie and made by British Transport Films .
Ayiram Muthangal ( Tamil : ஆயிரம் முத்தங்கள் ) is a 1982 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Annakkili S.Devarajan and produced by Thirupur Mani .
Magic Pockets is a platform game developed by the Bitmap Brothers and published by Renegade in October 1991 .
88 Antop Hill is a 2003 mystery thriller Hindi film .
Haunting Sarah is a 2005 American television horror film written by Tony Phelan and Joan Rater and directed by Ralph Hemecker , and based upon the novel New Year 's Eve by Lisa Grunwald .
Diving Lucy is a 1903 British silent comedy film produced by Sagar Mitchell and James Kenyon .
El corsario negro ( `` The Black Corsair '' ) is a 1944 Mexican film .
Maha Shaktimaan is a 1985 Hindi - language Indian 3D film feature film by Swamy V.S.R. and produced by P. Babji .
El diablo no es tan diablo ( `` The Devil is not so Devil '' ) is a 1949 Mexican film .
These Birds Walk is a 2013 documentary film directed by Omar Mullick and Bassam Tariq that follows the life of a runaway boy in Pakistan as well as the humanitarian efforts of Abdul Sattar Edhi .
Celebrity Pornhab with Dr. Screw is a 2009 pornographic film that satirizes the VH1 reality series Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew .
Evilenko is a 2004 English - language Italian crime horror thriller film very loosely based on the Soviet serial killer Andrei Chikatilo .
When Monaliza Smiled ( Arabic : لما ضحكت موناليزا‎ ; Lamma Dehket Monaliza ) is a 2012 Jordanian romantic comedy film directed by Fadi Hadadd , produced by Nadia Eliwat and Nadine Toukan and starring Tahani Salim and Shady Khalaf with Haifa Al Agha , Nadera Omran , Fouad Al Shomali , Haidar Kfouf , and Suha Najjar .
Air Raid Wardens is a 1943 Laurel and Hardy comedy film .
Ten Who Dared is a 1960 film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution in 1960 .
The Secret Friend is a 2010 comedy - drama film based on the 1997 short story of the same name by Brazilian writer João Silvério Trevisan .
My Friend from Faro ( German : Mein Freund aus Faro ) is 2008 German film .
The Ex - Mrs . Bradford is a 1936 American comedy - mystery film .
Hi , Fidelity is a 2011 Hong Kong dramatic film written and directed by Calvin Poon .
The Japanese in Latin America is a 2004 book published by the University of Illinois Press about Japanese Latin Americans .
The Woman Juror is a 1926 British silent era drama film directed by Milton Rosmer and starring Charles Ashton , Alexander Field and Frank Vosper .
Slightly Static is a 1935 American short comedy film directed by William H. Terhune .
Beatriz 's War ( Portuguese : A Guerra da Beatriz ) is a 2013 drama film directed by Luigi Acquisto and Bety Reis .
I 'm Not Ready for Christmas is a 2015 romance film directed by Sam Irvin and starring Alicia Witt , George Stults , Brigid Brannagh , and Dan Lauria .
The Emperor and His Brother is a 1981 Hong Kong wuxia film based on Louis Cha 's novel The Book and the Sword .
Maan Maryada is a 1991 Bengali film directed by Sukhen Das . The film has been music directed by Ajoy Das .
The Accused Uncle Shangang ( Chinese : 被告山杠爺 ; pinyin : Bèi gào Shāngāng yé ) is a 1994 Chinese film about life in rural China .
Afrodite Superstar is an American independent art film shot in New York City in 2006 .
Bheja Fry 2 ( meaning ' Brain Fry ' 2 ) is an Indian comedy film released on 17 June 2011 .
The Passion of John Ruskin is a Canadian short film released in 1994 based on the love life of writer and critic John Ruskin .
Sheriff of Las Vegas is a 1944 American film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Wild Bill Elliott in the role of Red Ryder Costarring as Little Beaver , was actor ( Bobby ) Robert Blake .
Astral Tournament is a computer turn - based strategy game released by Apus Software in 2001 .
A Man from the Boulevard des Capucines ( Russian : Человек с бульвара Капуцинов , translit . Chelovek s bulvara Kaputsinov ) is a Red Western comedy film of 1987 ( Mosfilm production ) , with nods to silent film and the transforming power of celluloid .
Faces of Death VI is a 1996 direct - to - video compilation of the highlights of the earlier films in the Faces of Death series .
Muniyana Madari ( Kannada : ಮುನಿಯನ ಮಾದರಿ ) is a 1981 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by S. K. Bhagavan .
Noël Noël is a 22-minute animated short produced by the National Film Board of Canada in 2003 as a Christmas special .
The Art of Marriage is a 1970 American white coater .
A Daughter of the Poor is a 1917 silent film produced by Fine Arts Film Company and released by Triangle Film Corporation .
Qualquer Gato Vira - Lata ( lit . `` Any Stray Cat '' ) is a 2011 Brazilian romantic comedy film directed by Tomas Portella .
Eda Rae ( Sinhala , That Night ) is a 1953 Sri Lankan film that achieved some popularity in the country .
The Wraith of Haddon Towers is a 1916 silent movie that is considered to be one of the first in the genre of horror films .
Emmanuelle in Rio is a 2003 made - for - television erotic film , directed by Kevin Alber and produced by Alain Siritzky from a script by Alber ( as Ura Hee ) .
Pedaling to Freedom ( 2007 ) is a 28-minute documentary directed by Vijay S. Jodha .
Glorious Betsy is a 1928 silent film with talking sequences .
Hanna - Barbera 's All - Star Comedy Ice Revue is a 1978 live - action / animated television special produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions which premiered on CBS on January 13 , 1978 .
At Risk is a 1994 film about a woman named Lara , after spending a year in Mexico unsuccessfully trying to save her marriage to Steven , returns to the U.S. to find Max , her lover in this AIDS cautionary tale .
Without Limits is a 1998 biographical sports film .
Love Like Wind is a 2007 film directed by Mei - Juin Chen , and produced by Lisa Muskat and Bianca Giancoli .
Into the Straight is a 1949 Australian horse racing melodrama directed by T. O. McCreadie .
Memphis Cathouse Blues is a 1982 pornographic film that is a spoof of the Broadway musical The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas , which was made into a film starring Burt Reynolds and Dolly Parton in 1982 .
The Wall That Heals is a 1997 documentary film about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial narrated by Louis Gossett , Jr.
Rhapsody of Spring is a 1998 Chinese drama film directed and co - written by Teng Wenji , based on the life of composer Shi Guangnan ( 1940 - -1990 ) .
Oka Raju Oka Rani is a 2003 Telugu language romantic movie produced by Ramoji Rao under Ushakiran Movies banner .
Coral Reef Adventure is a 70 mm American documentary film released in 2003 to IMAX theaters .
This Year 's Blonde is a 1980 low - budgeted American television drama film , based on the Garson Kanin novel Moviola about 1950s sex symbol Marilyn Monroe .
Thieves by Law , or Ganavim Ba Hok is a 2010 documentary film charting the rise of Russian organized crime in the wake of the fall of the Soviet Union .
Last of the Mobile Hot Shots ( 1970 ) is an American drama film .
Berlin Beirut is a 2004 German - Lebanese short film by the Lebanese director Myrna Maakaron .
Die You Zombie Bastards ! is a 2005 American zombie comedy by directed by Caleb Emerson , written by Emerson and Haig Demarjian , and starring Tim Gerstmar , Geoff Mosher , and Pippi Zornoza .
Grave Tales is a British anthology horror film made in 2011 at Pinewood Studios by FGS Productions and Ivory Tower Entertainment .
The Making of a Martyr is a 2006 film made by Canadian directors Brooke Goldstein and Alistair Leyland .
24 Hours on Craigslist is a 2005 American feature - length documentary that captures the people and stories behind a single day 's posts on the classified ad website Craigslist .
The American National Biography ( ANB ) is a 24-volume biographical encyclopedia set that contains about 17,400 entries and 20 million words , first published in 1999 by Oxford University Press under the auspices of the American Council of Learned Societies .
The Black Stiletto was released in the US on 5 September 2011 .
Speaking in Strings is a 1999 documentary film directed by Paola di Florio .
The Progressive Blues Experiment was originally issued on Austin 's Sonobeat Records label in 1968 .
Here 's Little Richard is the debut album from Little Richard , released on March 1957 .
When Magoo Flew is a 1954 animated short produced by UPA for Columbia Pictures .
Kalabha Mazha ( Malayalam : കളഭമഴ ) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by P Sukumenon , starring Krisha and Radhika in the lead roles .
In a 1960 review , A. H. Weiler characterized the film : ... it is from the photographic and sound - track concentration on the Hogarthian faces of Los Angeles that The Savage Eye derives most of its ferocity .
My Six Convicts is an American 1952 comedy - drama film adapted from the autobiographical book written by Donald Powell Wilson .
Doc of the Dead is a 2014 American documentary film written and directed by Alexandre O. Philippe that focuses on the zombie genre .
Les Boys is a 1997 Quebec - made comedy film directed by Louis Saia .
Saveray Wali Gaadi is an Indian drama film directed by Bharathi Rajaa and released in 1986 .
Saturday the 14th Strikes Back ( also known as Saturday the 14th Part 2 ) is a 1988 comic - horror film , written and directed by Howard R. Cohen and produced by Julie Corman .
The Cruel Truth is a 1927 silent film drama distributed by the Sterling Pictures company , on a State 's Rights concept .
Riven Rock by T. C. Boyle Hardcover - ISBN 0 - 670 - 87881 - 2 ( First edition , February 1 , 1998 ) published by Viking Press Paperback - ISBN 0 - 14 - 027166-X ( January 1 , 1999 ) published by Penguin Books
Tornado Low Level ( also known as T.L.L. ) is a game for the Sinclair ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC computers , and released by Vortex Software in 1984 .
As part of a series of Marillion 's first eight studio albums , EMI Records re - released Script for a Jester 's Tear on 29 September 1997 with 24-bit digital remastered sound and a second disc containing bonus tracks .
According to Nude Records Saul Galpern , `` She 's in Fashion '' was Suede 's biggest radio hit .
Jackie & Ryan ( released in the UK as Love Me Like You Do ) is a 2014 American romantic drama film written and directed by Ami Canaan Mann , starring Katherine Heigl and Ben Barnes .
John Hill adapted the screenplay into a novel , Heartbeeps , published by Jove Publications in December 1981 ( ISBN 0 - 515 - 06183 - 2 ) .
Electric Moon is a 1992 Indian film directed by Pradip Krishen and written by Arundhati Roy .
Malicious Pleasure ( aka Evil Pleasure , Sly Pleasure ( French title : Le malin plaisir ) is a French film directed by Bernard Toublanc Michel , released in 1975 , and it stars Jacques Weber , Claude Jade , Anny Duperey , Nicoletta Machiavelli , Mary Marquet , Cécile Vassort .
Kings of South Beach is a film written by Nicholas Pileggi about an infamous operator of nightclubs in the South Beach section of Miami Beach , Florida .
Family Nest ( Hungarian : Családi tüzfészek ) is a 1979 Hungarian black - and - white drama film , directed by Béla Tarr .
Sid and Nancy ( also known as Sid and Nancy : Love Kills ) is a 1986 British biopic directed by Alex Cox and co - written with Abbe Wool .
Young Frankenstein is a 1974 American satirical horror comedy film directed by Mel Brooks and starring Gene Wilder as the title character , a descendant of the infamous Dr. Victor Frankenstein .
Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac ( Japanese title : 誰かが私にキスをした Dareka ga watashi ni kiss wo shita , Someone Kissed Me ) is a 2010 drama film starring Japanese actress Maki Horikita , Japanese actors Kenichi Matsuyama and Yuya Tegoshi , and American actor Anton Yelchin based on a book written by Gabrielle Zevin .
Blue Chips is a 1994 basketball drama film , directed by William Friedkin , written by Ron Shelton and starring Nick Nolte as a college coach and real - life basketball stars Shaquille O'Neal and Anfernee `` Penny '' Hardaway as talented finds .
The Grey Fox is a 1982 Canadian biographical Western film directed by Phillip Borsos and written by John Hunter .
Desiderando Giulia , internationally released as Desiring Julia , is a 1986 Italian erotic drama film directed by Andrea Barzini .
Forever Enthralled ( simplified Chinese : 梅兰芳 ; traditional Chinese : 梅蘭芳 ; pinyin : Méi Lánfāng ) is a Chinese biographical film directed by Chen Kaige ; the film marks Chen 's eleventh feature film as a director .
Au revoir les enfants ( French pronunciation : ​(o ʁə.vwaʁ le zɑ̃.fɑ̃ ) , meaning `` Goodbye , Children '' ) is an autobiographical 1987 film written , produced and directed by Louis Malle .
A Little Chaos is a 2014 British period drama film directed by Alan Rickman .
Krakatit is a 1948 Czechoslovak science fiction mystery film directed by Otakar Vávra , starring Karel Höger as a chemist who suffers from delirium and regret after inventing a powerful explosive .
Barravento ( lit . `` The Turning Wind '' ) is a 1962 Brazilian drama film directed by Glauber Rocha .
More About the Children of Noisy Village ( Swedish : Mer om oss barn i Bullerbyn ) is a 1987 Swedish film directed by Lasse Hallström , based on the books about The Six Bullerby Children by Astrid Lindgren .
The Big Blue ( released in some countries under the French title Le Grand Bleu ) is a 1988 English - language film in the French Cinéma du look visual style , made by French director Luc Besson .
Parameshi Prema Prasanga is a 1985 Indian Kannada language film directed by and starring Ramesh Bhat , with Arundhati Nag , Master Manjunath , Ananth Nag , Shankar Nag and C. R. Simha .
Deux heures moins le quart avant Jésus - Christ ( Quarter To Two Before Jesus - Christ ) is a 1982 French film directed by Jean Yanne .
Trains'n'Roses ( German : Zugvögel ... Einmal nach Inari ) is a 1998 German - Finnish romantic comedy film directed by Peter Lichtefeld .
Nils Karlsson Pyssling is a 1990 Swedish family film based on the novel with the same name by Astrid Lindgren .
The Left - Handed Woman ( German : Die linkshändige Frau ) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Peter Handke .
Soldiers Pay is a 2004 documentary film by David O. Russell .
Bombers B-52 is a 1957 Warner Bros. CinemaScope film starring Natalie Wood , Karl Malden , Marsha Hunt and Efrem Zimbalist Jr. , and directed by Gordon Douglas , It was adapted from a Sam Rolfe story by screenwriter Irving Wallace .
Symphony of a City ( Swedish : Människor i stad ) is a 1947 Swedish documentary short film about Stockholm , directed by Arne Sucksdorff .
Les Chevaliers du ciel ( English : Sky Fighters ) is a 2005 French film directed by Gérard Pirès about two air force pilots preventing a terrorist attack on the Bastille Day celebrations in Paris .
Crazy Heart is a 2009 American drama film , written and directed by Scott Cooper and based on the 1987 novel of the same name by Thomas Cobb .
Witching & Bitching ( Spanish : Las brujas de Zugarramurdi ; `` The Witches of Zugarramurdi '' ) is a 2013 Spanish comedy horror film co - written and directed by Álex de la Iglesia .
La Fête espagnole is a 1920 French silent film directed by Germaine Dulac and written by Louis Delluc .
Shallow Grave is a 1994 British dark comedy crime film that marked the cinematic directorial debut of Danny Boyle with an original screenplay by John Hodge .
Bawarchi ( Devnagari : बावर्ची , translation : The Chef ) is a 1972 Indian film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee starring Rajesh Khanna and Jaya Badhuri with Asrani , A.K. Hangal , Usha Kiran and Durga Khote in supporting roles .
Hotel Rwanda is a 2004 American historical drama film directed by Terry George .
Wifemistress ( Italian : Mogliamante ) is a 1977 Italian romantic movie directed by Marco Vicario .
The Million Dollar Hotel is a 2000 American drama film based on a concept story by Bono and Nicholas Klein ; directed by Wim Wenders ; and starring Jeremy Davies , Milla Jovovich , and Mel Gibson .
Do n't Torture a Duckling ( Italian : Non si sevizia un paperino ) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Lucio Fulci .
French Cancan is a 1954 French musical film written and directed by Jean Renoir and starring Jean Gabin and María Félix .
À la folie ( `` To Madness '' ) ( English : 6 Days , 6 Nights ) is a 1994 French drama film by Diane Kurys with music by Michael Nyman .
Conviene far bene l'amore ( internationally released as The Sex Machine and Love and Energy ) is a 1975 sci - fi - sexy comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile .
Aida of the Trees ( Italian : Aida degli alberi ) is a 2001 Italian animation film written and directed by Guido Manuli and with soundtrack bu Ennio Morricone .
Evolution of a Filipino Family is a Filipino film by Lav Diaz .
Ghost in a Teeny Bikini is a 2006 American made for cable erotic film directed by Fred Olen Ray .
The Grudge 2 is a 2006 American supernatural horror film and a sequel to 2004 's The Grudge , directed by Takashi Shimizu ( director of the Ju - on series ) and written by Stephen Susco .
The Tavern Keeper 's Daughter is a 1908 American silent action film directed by D. W. Griffith .
The Great Resistance ( French : Au pays des colons ) is a 2007 documentary by Quebec film director Denys Desjardins .
Summer Things ( French : Embrassez qui vous voudrez ; Italian : Baciate chi vi pare ) is a 2002 French - Italian - British film directed by Michel Blanc based on the novel of the same name by Joseph Connolly .
The Divine Nymph ( Italian : Divina creatura ) is a 1975 Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe Patroni Griffi and starring Laura Antonelli , Marcello Mastroianni , Michele Placido and Terence Stamp .
Dante 01 is a 2008 science fiction film by French director Marc Caro .
The Outlaw and His Wife ( Swedish : Berg - Ejvind och hans hustru ) is a 1918 Swedish silent film directed by Victor Sjöström , based on a play from 1911 by Jóhann Sigurjónsson .
Ice and the Sky ( French : La Glace et le ciel ) is a 2015 French documentary film directed by Luc Jacquet about the work of Claude Lorius , who began studying Antarctic ice in 1957 , and , in 1965 , was the first scientist to be concerned about global warming .
Romance of a Jewess is a 1908 American silent short drama film written and directed by D. W. Griffith .
La Orca ( also known as Snatch ) is a 1976 Italian exploitation crime film directed by Eriprando Visconti .
Django Strikes Again ( Italian : Django 2 - Il grande ritorno , lit . `` Django 2 - The Great Return '' ) is a 1987 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Nello Rossati .
Dheepan is a 2015 French crime drama film directed by Jacques Audiard and co - written by Audiard , Thomas Bidegain , and Noé Debré .
Triple Agent is a French dramatic / thriller film , directed by Éric Rohmer in 2004 .
Café Transit ( in USA known as Border Cafe ) is a 2005 Iranian film directed by Kambuzia Partovi .
Right Now , Wrong Then ( Hangul : 지금은맞고그때는틀리다 ; RR : Jigeumeun - matgo - geuttaeneun - tteullida ) is a 2015 South Korean film written and directed by Hong Sang - soo .
John Hawkesworth and Alfred Shaughnessy wished an episode to revolve around Hannah Gordon 's character Virginia , and Rosemary Anne Sisson wrote Such A Lovely Man .
Le schpountz is a 1999 French film directed by Gérard Oury ( a remake of the 1938 film Heartbeat by Marcel Pagnol ) .
All About My Father ( Norwegian : Alt om min far ) is a 2002 Norwegian biographical documentary film written and directed by Even Benestad .
Monrak Transistor ( Thai : มนต์รักทรานซิสเตอร์ , English : Transistor Love Story ) is a 2001 Thai film directed by Pen - Ek Ratanaruang .
The Departed is a 2006 American crime drama film , directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan .
Il maestro di Vigevano , internationally released as The Teacher from Vigevano , is a 1963 Italian comedy drama film directed by Elio Petri .
When the Sea Rises ( French : Quand la mer monte ... ) is a 2004 French - Belgian romantic comedy film directed by Yolande Moreau and Gilles Porte .
The Dismantling ( French : Le Démantèlement ) , also released in the United States under the title The Auction , is a 2013 Canadian drama film written and directed by Sébastien Pilote .
Talentime is a 2009 Malaysian drama film written and directed by Yasmin Ahmad .
Beati i ricchi ( Blessed Are the Rich ) is a 1972 Italian comedy film written and directed by Salvatore Samperi .
My Little Chickadee is a 1940 American comedy - western film starring Mae West and W.C. Fields , and featuring Joseph Calleia , Ruth Donnelly , Margaret Hamilton , Donald Meek , Willard Robertson , Dick Foran , William B. Davidson , and Addison Richards .
Homo Sapiens 1900 is a 1998 documentary directed by Peter Cohen , about various eugenics methods that were in practice in Europe during the first part of the 20th century .
Memories Within Miss Aggie is a 1974 pornographic film directed by Gerard Damiano and starring Deborah Ashira , Eric Edwards , and Harry Reems .
The Curse of Downers Grove is an American thriller film written by Bret Easton Ellis .
I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With is a 2006 independent romantic comedy film written , produced , directed by , and starring Jeff Garlin , also featuring Sarah Silverman and Bonnie Hunt .
The Love Guru is a 2008 American romantic comedy film directed by Marco Schnabel in his directorial debut , written and produced by Mike Myers , and starring Mike Myers , Jessica Alba , Justin Timberlake , Romany Malco , Meagan Good , Verne Troyer , John Oliver , Omid Djalili , and Ben Kingsley .
Arrivano i bersaglieri is a 1980 Italian historical - comedy film written and directed by Luigi Magni .
Soft Beds , Hard Battles is a 1974 British comedy film directed by Roy Boulting , and starring Peter Sellers in several roles , and an all star cast , including Curd Jurgens , Lila Kedrova and Jenny Hanley .
Verginità is a 1952 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Leonardo De Mitri .
The Child of Destiny is a lost 1916 silent film drama directed by William Nigh and starring Irene Fenwick .
Sex with a Smile is a 1976 Italian comedy film starring Marty Feldman , Barbara Bouchet , Edwige Fenech , Dayle Haddon and directed by Sergio Martino .
Stress Is Three ( Original title : Stress - es tres - tres ) is a 1968 Spanish drama film directed by Carlos Saura .
The Yakuza is a 1974 neo - noir gangster film directed by Sydney Pollack , written by Leonard Schrader , Paul Schrader , and Robert Towne .
Time to Leave ( French : Le Temps qui reste ) is a French film directed by François Ozon , released in 2005 .
Freeheld is a 2015 American drama film directed by Peter Sollett and written by Ron Nyswaner .
Robert Holmes said of The Deadly Assassin that it was difficult to write a script without anyone for the Doctor to share his thoughts and plans with , the usual role of the companion .
Amanece , que no es poco is a 1989 Spanish comedy film directed by José Luis Cuerda .
Entre ses mains is a 2005 French - Belgian drama film directed by Anne Fontaine .
Please Give is a 2010 dark comedy film written and directed by Nicole Holofcener and starring Catherine Keener .
Thomas the Impostor ( French : Thomas l'imposteur ) is a 1964 French film directed by Georges Franju and starring Emmanuelle Riva , Fabrice Rouleau , Sophie Dares , Jean Marais and Charles Aznavour .
Everything Will Be Fine ( Danish : Alting bliver godt igen ) is a 2010 Danish film directed by Christoffer Boe , who also wrote the screenplay .
The Willow Tree ( Persian : بید مجنون ‎‎ , translit . Bid - e Majnoon ) is a 2005 Iranian film directed by Majid Majidi .
Longtake ( Italian title : Pianosequenza ) is a 2005 Italian film directed by Louis Nero .
Apocalypto is a 2006 American epic adventure film directed and produced by Mel Gibson .
Manasunu Maaya Seyake is a bilingual Indian film directed by Suresh P Kumar , starring Sethu , Prince , Disha Pandey and Richa Panai .
Main street ( Spanish : Calle Mayor ) is a 1956 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem .
Non ti pago ! is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia .
Trainer ! is a 2013 documentary film that was directed by Aljoscha Pause .
Kings and Queen ( French : Rois et reine ) is a 2004 French film directed by Arnaud Desplechin .
Siberian Education ( known as Deadly Code in USA ; Italian : Educazione siberiana ) is a 2013 Italian crime - drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores .
Amy 's Orgasm ( title censored to Amy 's O in many video shops ) is a 2001 film directed by Julie Davis .
Ugler i mosen is a 1959 Norwegian mystery and adventure family film directed by Ivo Caprino .
Couples Retreat is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Billingsley , marking his directorial debut , and written by Jon Favreau , Vince Vaughn , Dana Fox , Curtis Hanson , and Greg Beeman .
Salmonberries is a 1991 drama film directed by Percy Adlon and written by Adlon and his son Felix .
I Am Dina is a 2002 Swedish - Norwegian - Danish film directed by Ole Bornedal .
A Girl Cut in Two ( French : La Fille coupée en deux ) is a 2007 French drama and thriller film directed by Claude Chabrol and starring Ludivine Sagnier , François Berléand , and Benoît Magimel .
İki Genç Kız ( The international working title is 2 Girls ) is a Golden Orange awarded 2005 Turkish film by Kutluğ Ataman , produced by Gulen Guler Hurley , starring Feride Çetin , Vildan Atasever and Hülya Avşar .
Barry Lyndon is a 1975 British - American period drama film written , produced , and directed by Stanley Kubrick , based on the 1844 novel The Luck of Barry Lyndon by William Makepeace Thackeray .
City of Life and Death is a 2009 Chinese drama film written and directed by Lu Chuan , marking his third feature film .
Inside Daisy Clover is a 1965 American drama film based on the 1963 novel by Gavin Lambert .
Pleasant Moments ( Czech : Hezké chvilky bez záruky ) is a Czech drama film directed by Věra Chytilová .
Funny Face is a 1957 American musical romantic comedy film directed by Stanley Donen and written by Leonard Gershe , containing assorted songs by George and Ira Gershwin .
La Mine d'or de Dick Digger , written and drawn by Morris , is an album containing two stories from serial publication in Le Journal de Spirou during 1947 , namely La Mine d'or de Dick Digger and Le Sosie de Lucky Luke .
Planet of Exile is a 1966 science - fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin in her Hainish Cycle .
Warlords of Utopia is an original novel by Lance Parkin set in the Faction Paradox universe .
`` Crater 101 '' is the 17th episode of the Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons .
FreeSpace 2 is a 1999 space combat simulation computer game developed by Volition , Inc. as the sequel to Descent : FreeSpace -- The Great War .
`` The Return of Avery Jessup '' is the twenty - first episode of the sixth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 124th overall episode of the series .
`` Amy 's Baking Company '' is the sixteenth episode of the fifth season of Kitchen Nightmares , and the 82nd episode of the series overall .
`` The God Complex '' is the eleventh episode of the sixth series of the British television series Doctor Who , first broadcast on BBC One 17 September 2011 .
`` Singing in the Drain '' is the fifth episode of the third series of the British television series Gimme Gimme Gimme .
`` Search Committee '' is the hour - long finale of the seventh season of the American television comedy series The Office .
`` The Man Behind the Curtain '' is the 20th episode of the 3rd season of Lost , and the 69th episode overall .
`` The Losing Edge '' is the fifth episode in the ninth season of the American animated series South Park .
`` The Siege of AR-558 '' is the 158th episode of the television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the eighth episode of the seventh season .
Shadow and Claw is an omnibus of the first two volumes of The Book of the New Sun series by Gene Wolfe .
`` Colonial Day '' is the eleventh episode of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica television series .
`` Time Crash '' is a mini - episode of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
`` Because You Left '' is the television season premiere of the American Broadcasting Company 's fifth season of the serial drama television series Lost .
The Dark Heart of Time : a Tarzan novel is a 1999 work by Philip José Farmer authorized by Edgar Rice Burroughs , Inc. The book was first announced under the title Tarzan 's Greatest Secret in 1997 .
The Eleventh Doctor is an incarnation of the Doctor , the protagonist of the BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who .
Child of the Northern Spring is the first novel in Persia Woolley 's Guinevere trilogy , about the Arthurian legend .
`` Revenge and Remorse ( The Guilty Alibi ) '' is the fourth episode of the TV series Police Squad!.
Land of Black Gold ( French : Tintin au pays de l'or noir ) is the fifteenth volume of The Adventures of Tintin , the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé .
Thuvia , Maid of Mars is a science fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs , the fourth of the Barsoom series .
`` ' The President Wore Pearls '' is the third episode of the The Simpsons fifteenth season , first broadcast on November 16 , 2003 .
`` The Cyprus Agency '' is the thirteenth episode of the first season of the American crime drama The Blacklist .
`` Lust in Translation '' is an episode of the BBC sitcom , The Green Green Grass .
The Way of Kings ( abbreviated as WOK by fans ) is the first book of The Stormlight Archive epic fantasy series written by American author Brandon Sanderson .
Seduced by Moonlight is the third novel in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton .
`` Half - Decent Proposal '' is the tenth episode of The Simpsons ' thirteenth season .
The KTX - I or simply KTX , also known as TGV - K , is a South Korean high speed train class based on the French TGV Réseau .
`` The Ghost Network '' is the third episode of the first season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe .
`` Get the Girl '' is the nineteenth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office , and the show 's 171st episode overall .
Armageddon Now ( Parts 1 and 2 ) formed two episodes of the American / New Zealand television series , Hercules : The Legendary Journeys ( 1995 - 1999 ) .
The Eye of the World ( abbreviated as tEotW or EotW by fans ) is the first book of The Wheel of Time ( WoT ) fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan .
The Ford Laser was a compact car which was sold by Ford in Asia , Oceania , and parts of South America , and Africa .
`` The Perfect Cocktail '' is the 22nd episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 134th episode overall .
`` Yes , Then Zero '' is the 88th episode of the CW television series , Gossip Girl , as well as the first episode of the show 's fifth season .
`` Realty Bites '' is the ninth episode of the animated television series The Simpsons ' ninth season , which originally aired December 7 , 1997 on Fox .
`` The Fifth Stage '' is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and seventieth episode overall .
The progressive rock band Glass Hammer has a song titled That Hideous Strength on their concept album Perelandra , which is based on the stories of The Space Trilogy and The Chronicles of Narnia .
`` Where No One Has Gone Before '' is the sixth episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , ( episode 1 - ' Encounter at Farpoint ' is a two part episode ) originally aired October 26 , 1987 , in broadcast syndication in the United States .
`` Clarifications '' is the eighth episode of the fifth season of the HBO original series , The Wire .
`` Homerland '' ( styled as `` HOMƎRLAND '' ) is the season premiere of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons , and the 531st episode of the series .
`` The Face on the Poster '' is the sixth episode of the eighth series of the British comedy series Dad 's Army that was originally broadcast on 10 October 1975 .
`` The Man Who Came to Be Dinner '' is the tenth episode of the twenty - sixth season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons , and the overall 562nd episode of the series .
`` Dr. Linus '' is the seventh episode of the sixth season of ABC 's drama television series Lost .
Minions Paradise is a 2015 mobile game based on characters appearing in the computer - animated comedy film franchise Despicable Me .
School for Traitors is the twentieth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult British spy - fi television series The Avengers , starring Patrick Macnee and Julie Stevens .
`` The Blunder Years '' is the fifth episode of The Simpsons '' thirteenth season .
The Year of the Mouse is a Tom and Jerry cartoon released in 1965 , directed and produced by Chuck Jones , with animation by Dick Thompson , Ben Washam , Don Towsley , and Ken Harris .
`` Hamburger Dinner Theater '' is the fifth episode of the first season of the animated television series Bob 's Burgers .
Mouse Trouble is a 1944 American one - reel animated cartoon and is the 17th Tom and Jerry short produced by Fred Quimby and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera , with music by Scott Bradley ( the music is actually based on the popular jazz song `` All God 's Children Got Rhythm '' ) .
Minnesota Cuke and the Coconut Apes is a VeggieTales video game which started the Minnesota franchise .
L'Élixir du Dr Doxey is a Lucky Luke adventure in French , written and illustrated by Morris .
Vampire Blood ( also called the Cirque du Freak trilogy ) is the first trilogy in The Saga of Darren Shan by the author Darren Shan .
SpongeBob HeroPants is a 2015 action - adventure video game based on the television series , SpongeBob SquarePants .
The stories Iron and Inconstant Star were first published in The Man - Kzin Wars and Man - Kzin Wars III , respectively .
Ring of Fear ( A Dangerous Assignment ) is the second episode of the TV series Police Squad!.
Behind That Curtain ( 1928 ) is the third novel in the Charlie Chan series of mystery novels by Earl Derr Biggers .
Double Deuce is the 19th Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker .
`` Phil on Wire '' is the third episode of the third season of the American sitcom Modern Family and the show 's 51st episode overall .
`` Tonsil Trouble '' is the first episode in the twelfth season of the American animated television series South Park , and the 168th episode of the series overall .
`` Bodyswap '' is the fourth episode of science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf Series III , and the sixteenth overall .
Frederique Janssen ( born 21 December 1999 in Oss ) is a female Dutch swimmer .
Bae Min - hee ( born July 11 , 1988 ) is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Orla Noom , ( born November 2 , 1985 in Haarlem ) is a professional squash player who represents the Netherlands .
The UWA World Heavyweight Championship ( Campeonato Mundial peso Completo de UWA in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship originally promoted by Universal Wrestling Association ( UWA ) until it closed in 1995 and since then been defended on the Mexican independent circuit .
Renzo Garlaschelli ( born 29 March 1950 ) is an Italian association football former player of South American origin .
Anne Margrethe Hausken ( born 23 January 1976 ) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor , World champion and European champion .
Kiyovu Sports Association , more commonly known as S.C. Kiyovu Sports or simply Kiyovu Sports or Kiyovu , is an association football club based in Kigali , Rwanda .
Steve Tuynman ( born 30 May 1963 , in Sydney , New South Wales ) , is a former Australian rugby union player .
Travarus Bennett ( born 1979 in Rosedale , Mississippi ) is a basketball player who has played professionally in Europe and the North American minor leagues .
BK Mladá Boleslav ( Bruslařský klub Mladá Boleslav ) is an ice hockey team promoted to the Czech Extraliga , the country 's highest level on 18 April 2014 after a two - year absence .
Bartolomé Castagnola born June 16 , 1970 in Lomas de Zamora , Buenos Aires Province is an Argentine polo player with a 10-goal polo handicap and ranked among the top twenty players .
FC Viikkarit ( previously FC Viikingit/2 ) are a Finnish association football team based in Vuosaari , East Helsinki .
Wessel Roux ( Born 18/10/75 ) is a South African international rugby union prop who last played for CS Bourgoin - Jallieu in the Top 14 .
The 1913 Saskatchewan Huskies football team represented the University of Saskatchewan in Canadian football .
The Meco Cup ( formerly known as the MLP Nations Cup and the Air Canada Cup ) is an annual women 's ice hockey tournament , held in Germany and Switzerland .
The 2008 Patriot League Men 's Basketball Tournament , a part of the 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season , took place on March 5 , 2008 as a single - elimination tournament , with games being played at the higher seeds ' home courts .
Stephanie DeFina Johnson ( born March 8 , 1946 ) is an American former amateur tennis player who was active in the 1960s and early 1970s .
The Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) has held the La Copa Junior ( `` The Junior Cup '' ) tournament on an infrequent schedule since 1996 .
Goulburn Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in the city of Goulburn , New South Wales .
Joshua Waitzkin ( born December 4 , 1976 ) is an American chess player , martial arts competitor , and author .
Holger Geschwindner ( born September 12 , 1945 in Bad Nauheim , Hesse ) is a former basketball player , and is the mentor , coach and friend of the National Basketball Association 's ( NBA ) Dallas Mavericks power forward Dirk Nowitzki .
ŽKK Dubrava Zagreb is a Croatian Women 's basketball club in Zagreb .
Oxford Saints American Football Club is an English American football club that competes in the BAFANL ( British American Football Association National League ) .
Ribe - Esbjerg HH is a handball club based in the town of Ribe in Jutland , Denmark .
The Central European Basketball League ( also known as the CEBL ) was a professional basketball competition in Central Europe .
Michel Hernández ( born August 12 , 1978 ) is a retired Cuban professional baseball catcher .
Cristiano Bergodi ( born 14 October 1964 in Bracciano , Lazio ) is an Italian association football manager and former player .
Ayberk Olmaz ( born June 8 , 1996 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays for TED Ankara Kolejliler of the Turkish Basketball League , on loan from Fenerbahçe Ülker .
Christoph Kobleder ( born March 3 , 1990 ) is an Austrian professional association football player who currently plays for FC Wacker as a defender .
David Špiler ( born 2 January 1983 ) is a professional handball player currently playing for RK Metalac Zagreb ( captain Ivan Antolković Antus ) .
The 2008 Georgia Bulldogs football team competed in American football on behalf of the University of Georgia in 2008 .
Liaoning Hengye ( Chinese : 辽宁衡业 ) is a Chinese basketball club in Shenyang playing in the WCBA .
Marleen Veldhuis is a former water polo player which she combined with swimming .
The Seattle Majestics are a Women 's American football team based in Seattle , Washington .
The 1992 King Fahd Cup ( Arabic : كأس الملك فهد‎ ) , named after Fahd of Saudi Arabia , was the first association football tournament of the competition that would later be known as the FIFA Confederations Cup .
Bayenthaler SV was a German association football club from the Bayenthal district of Köln , North Rhine - Westphalia .
The 2006 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2006 college football season .
The National Premier League , also known for sponsorship purposes as the Red Stripe Premier League , is the top division for men 's association football in Jamaica .
The 2004 Brasil Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Salvador , Bahia in Brazil and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour .
HC Fribourg - Gottéron is a professional ice hockey team based in Fribourg , Switzerland , which competes in National League A. The team is the sixth most attended team in Switzerland for the 2014/15 season with 6,261 spectators .
The Open de Sevilla was a golf tournament on the European Tour that was played only once , in 2004 .
Ticia Gara ( born October 25 , 1984 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian chess woman grandmaster .
Víctor Bird ( born March 16 , 1982 ) is a volleyball player from Puerto Rico , who was a member of the Men 's National Team that ended up in sixth place at the 2007 FIVB Men 's World Cup in Japan .
Alexander Lokhmanchuk ( Ukrainian : Александр Лохманчук ; born 28 May 1973 in Kerch , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a former professional basketball player of Ukraine .
Bristol Ladies , formally Clifton Ladies RFC , is a women 's rugby union team based in Bristol , Gloucestershire , England .
Hardbat table tennis is the classical table tennis playing style that existed prior to the advent of sponge rubber in the 1950s .
The 2012 Hong Kong Super Series is a top level badminton competition held from November 13 , 2012 to November 18 , 2012 in Kowloon , Hong Kong . It is the twleveth BWF Super Series competition on the 2012 BWF Super Series schedule .
Alireza Nadi ( Persian : علیرضا نادی‎‎ , born September 2 , 1980 in Tehran ) is a volleyball player from Iran , who played as a middle - blocker for the Men 's National Team .
The MWA World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in the Kansas City , Kansas - based Midwest Wrestling Association ( MWA ) .
Bálint Magosi ( born 15 August 1989 ) is a Hungarian professional ice hockey forward who plays for Austrian Hockey League side Alba Volán Székesfehérvár .
The 1923 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was the second Swedish Championship tournament in ice hockey .
Janar Talts ( born 7 April 1983 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player .
The 2010 Internazionali BNL d'Italia was a tennis tournament , being played on outdoor clay courts at the Foro Italico in Rome , Italy .
BC Khimki ( Russian : БК `` Химки '' ) is a Russian professional basketball team that is based in Khimki , Moscow Oblast .
Joe Stejskal ( born April 30 , 1988 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman , who is currently playing with the Atlanta Gladiators of the ECHL .
The International Premier Tennis League ( IPTL , officially the Coca - Cola International Premier Tennis League Presented by Qatar Airways pursuant to sponsorship agreements with The Coca - Cola Company and Qatar Airways ) is an annual team tennis league that takes place in various cities in Asia .
Pebble Beach Golf Links is a golf course on the west coast of the United States , located in Pebble Beach , California .
Edward Donaghy , known as Eddy Donaghy or Ted Donaghy ( born 8 January 1900 ) was an English association football player and coach .
The 2009 Heineken Open is a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
The 1990 PBA First Conference Finals was the best - of-7 basketball championship series of the 1990 PBA First Conference , and the conclusion of the conference 's playoffs .
The 2013 Topshelf Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts .
Rokometno Društvo Merkur , commonly referred to as RD Merkur or simply Merkur , was a team handball club from Škofja Loka , Slovenia .
The 2011 Michigan Wolverines football team , sometimes known as Team 132 in reference to the 132-year tradition of the Michigan football program , was an American football team that represented the University of Michigan during the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
The Australian Ice Hockey Federation , currently trading as Ice Hockey Australia ( IHA ) , is the official national governing body of ice hockey in Australia and is a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation .
The 2013 Varsity Football challenge was the first season of a South African university association football competition .
AfroBasket 2015 was the 28th edition of the AfroBasket , a men 's basketball continental championship of Africa .
Bernardo Brito known as EL Pupo ( December 4 , 1963 in San Cristóbal , Dominican Republic ) , is a retired professional baseball player who played outfield & designated hitter in the Major Leagues from 1992 - 1995 .
VfB Lübeck is a German association football club playing in Lübeck , Schleswig - Holstein in the country 's north .
Elna Reinach ( born 2 December 1968 ) is a South African former pro tennis player .
Gregor Fučka ( Slovene pronunciation : ( ˈfutʃka ) ( ' Footchka ' ) ) was born 7 August 1971 in Kranj , Slovenia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired Slovenian - Italian professional basketball player .
Eliran Guetta is a 6 ' 6 `` ( 1.98 m ) Israeli professional basketball player .
Edward Dean Kennedy ( born January 18 , 1963 in Redvers , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player in the NHL from 1982 - -1995 .
The National Team Championship , which was played under a variety of names , was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour from 1965 to 1972 .
LeRoy Hurd ( born May 26 , 1980 ) is an American basketball player currently playing with CSU Sibiu of the Romanian Liga Națională .
TSV Kottern is a German association football club from Kottern in Kempten , Bavaria .
Richard Agar is an English rugby league football coach and former player .
The 2001 Milan Indoor was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Milan in Italy and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour .
GET - ligaen ( English : the GET - league ) is the premier Norwegian ice hockey league , organised by the Norwegian Ice Hockey Association .
Chloe Magee ( born 29 November 1988 in Raphoe , County Donegal ) is an Irish professional badminton player .
The Southern ( Spring ) Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour , played only in 1922 at the New Orleans Country Club in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Michał Przysiężny ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmixaw pʂɨˈɕɛ̃ʐnɨ ) ) ( born 16 February 1984 ) is a Polish professional tennis player .
Miguel Kiala ( born 10 November 1990 in Luanda , Angola ) , is a professional Angolan basketball player .
George Frederick Harding JP ( 1858 -- 8 July 1927 ) was an English - born international rugby union player who played club rugby for Newport and international rugby for Wales .
The Nancy Lieberman Award , named for Basketball Hall of Fame legend Nancy Lieberman , was given annually by the Rotary Club of Detroit in the Award 's first 14 years to the nation 's top collegiate point guard in women 's Division I basketball .
The Pan Pacific Swimming Championships is a long course swimming event first held in 1985 .
The Kharlamov Cup ( Russian : Кубок Харламова , Kubok Kharlamova ) is the trophy presented to the winner of the Russian Junior Hockey League ( MHL ) playoffs , and is named after ice hockey player Valeri Kharlamov , considered to be one of the greatest ice hockey players of the World .
Laurent Bernard ( born June 15 , 1971 in Chatenay - Malabry , France ) is a French basketball player who played 9 times for the French men 's national basketball team between 2000 - 2001 .
The Twin Ports League was an American minor baseball league that existed for six weeks ( May 30 through July 13 ) during the wartime 1943 season .
The 2009 Asian Beach Volleyball Championship was a beach volleyball event , that was held from December 23 to 26 , 2009 in Haikou , China .
Robbie Weiss ( born December 1 , 1966 in Chicago ) is a former tour professional tennis player and NCAA Division 1 singles champion .
The 1972 U.S. Clay Court Championships was a combined men 's and women 's tennis tournament that was part of the 1972 Grand Prix circuit .
Riddick Bowe vs. Jesse Ferguson , billed as `` The Heavyweight Debate '' , was a professional boxing match contested on May 22 , 1993 , for the WBA and Lineal Heavyweight championships .
Riihimäki Cocks ( Finnish : Riihimäen Cocks ) is a Finnish handball club from Riihimäki .
The Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame honors men and women who have contributed to the sport of women 's basketball .
The 2012 Copenhagen Masters was the 20th edition of the invitational badminton tournament Copenhagen Masters , held in Falconer Salen in Copenhagen .
The Football Association , also known simply as The FA , is the governing body of association football in England , and the Crown dependencies of Jersey , Guernsey and the Isle of Man .
Daniel Sorensen ( born March 5 , 1990 ) is an American football Free safety currently on the roster of the Kansas City Chiefs .
Mariusz Fyrstenberg ( born 8 July 1980 ) is a left - handed Polish professional tennis player whose speciality is in doubles .
Jiří Javorský , ( 9 February 1932 , Prague -- 16 September 2002 , Heilbronn , Germany ) was a Czech tennis player .
Bruce Sandford ( born 18 July 1962 ) is a New Zealand skeleton racer who has competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Patricia Coleman ( born 13 May 1953 ) is a former tennis player .
The 1955 Men 's European Volleyball Championship , the fourth edition of the event , was organized by Europe 's governing volleyball body , the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball .
The Austria national football team ( German : Österreichische Fußballnationalmannschaft ) is the association football team that represents the country of Austria in international competition and is controlled by the Austrian Football Association ( German : Österreichischer Fußballbund ) .
Pape - Philippe Amagou ( born February 27 , 1985 ) is a Côte d'Ivoirean - French professional basketball player who plays for Le Mans Sarthe of the LNB Pro A. He is also a member of the Côte d'Ivoire national basketball team .
Thea Slatyer ( born 2 February 1983 ) is an Australian association football player and member of the Australia women 's national football team .
The Romania Fed Cup team represents Romania in Fed Cup tennis competition .
Emilia Dragieva ( Bulgarian : Емилия Драгиева , née Petkanova ( Петканова ) ; born 11 January 1965 ) is a Bulgarian former track and field athlete who specialised in the high jump .
Zoran Sretenović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Сретеновић , born August 5 , 1964 ) is a retired Serbian basketball player , and a present basketball coach .
Sportgemeinschaft Dynamo Dresden e . V. , commonly known as SG Dynamo Dresden or Dynamo Dresden , is a German association football club , based in Dresden , Saxony .
Zahed Mohamed ( born June 24 , 1992 in Alexandria ) , is a professional squash player who represented Egypt .
Thibaut Monnet ( born 2 February 1982 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey right wing .
Carlo Caione ( born L'Aquila , 18 February 1973 ) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current sports director .
The 1994 Virginia Slims of Florida was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Delray Beach Tennis Center in Delray Beach , Florida in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1994 WTA Tour .
The VLN , properly the Veranstaltergemeinschaft Langstreckenpokal Nürburgring ( Association of Nürburgring Endurance Cup Organisers ) is an organisation of motorsport clubs of which each hosts one event of a ten - race series held on the Nürburgring Nordschleife , the `` VLN Langstreckenmeisterschaft Nürburgring '' ( VLN Endurance Racing Championship Nürburgring ) .
Margaret Varner Bloss ( born October 4 , 1927 ) is a retired American athlete and professor of physical education from El Paso , Texas who excelled in three distinctly different racket sports : badminton , squash , and tennis .
The 1890 Illinois Fighting Illini football team was an American football team that represented the University of Illinois during the 1890 college football season .
EV Zug is a professional men 's ice hockey team from Zug , Switzerland .
The Greater Manchester Women 's Football League is a women 's association football league in Greater Manchester , England run by the Manchester FA .
Randoald Dessarzin ( born 1964 ) is a Swiss basketball coach and the head coach of the Cote d'Ivoire national basketball team .
The 2000 French Open was a tennis tournament that took place on the outdoor clay courts at the Stade Roland Garros in Paris , France .
The 2016 UEFA Futsal Championship , commonly referred to as UEFA Futsal Euro 2016 , will be the 10th edition of the UEFA Futsal Championship , the biennial international futsal championship organised by UEFA for the men 's national teams of Europe .
The Australian Cricket Board Team of the Century was a theoretical cricket team selected by the Australian Cricket Board in 2000 as the best team of Australian cricketers in the 20th century .
The Togo national under-17 football team represents Togo in association football at this age level .
Colin Latimour ( born 11 December 1946 in Rangoon ) was an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Kyle Allen ( born March 8 , 1996 ) is an American football quarterback for the Houston Cougars .
The Motor Sports Association ( MSA , formerly known as RAC MSA ) , is the governing body of motorsport in the United Kingdom .
The 2001 Hopman Cup ( also known as the Hyundai Hopman Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis championship won by Switzerland 's Martina Hingis and Roger Federer .
Robyn Ebbern ( born 2 July 1944 ) is an Australian former tennis player who was active in the 1960s .
The 2003 FIBA Under-19 World Championship was the seventh men 's under-19 only , international basketball competition organized by FIBA .
Hans Lindberg ( born 1 August 1981 ) is a Danish handball player , formerly an Icelandic citizen .
The 1964 Australian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor grass courts at the Milton Courts in Brisbane , Australia from 4 January to 13 January .
The JCW Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship in Juggalo Championship Wrestling .
The Afghan Premier League ( APL ) also known as Roshan Afghan Premier League is Afghanistan 's first national association football league .
Sandbach RUFC is a rugby union team based in the Cheshire town of Sandbach .
The Volvo Golf Champions was an annual 72-hole stroke play men 's professional golf tournament on the European Tour .
The 2012 LPGA Tour was a series of weekly golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world that began in Australia on February 9 and ended November 18 in Florida .
Michał Daszek ( born 27 June 1992 ) is a Polish handball player for Wisła Płock and the Polish national team .
The 2013 WAC Men 's Basketball Tournament was the 30th basketball tournament hosted by the WAC and was held March 12 - -16 , 2013 at the Orleans Arena in Paradise , Nevada .
The 1938 World Men 's Handball Championship was the first ever team handball World Championship .
The World Rugby Pacific Challenge , formerly the IRB Pacific Rugby Cup , is an annual rugby union football tournament held in Oceania since 2006 .
Olivier Keller ( born March 20 , 1971 ) is a former Swiss ice hockey player who currently played for several teams in the National League A. He represented the Switzerland men 's national ice hockey team in the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships , World Championships , and Olympics .
Sligo Racecourse is a horse racing venue in Sligo , Ireland which stages both National Hunt and Flat racing .
Founded in 1991 , Eno River Rugby , also called the `` Rage , '' is a rugby union club based in Durham , North Carolina .
Bjarne Angell ( 27 April 1888 -- 12 December 1938 ) was a Norwegian tennis player .
The African Volleyball Championship U19 is a sport competition for national teams with players under 19 years , currently held biannually and organized by the African Volleyball Confederation , the Africa volleyball federation .
The Senior Open Championship , or simply The Senior Open ( and originally known as the Senior British Open ) is a professional golf tournament for players aged 50 and over .
The 1916 PGA Championship was the first PGA Championship , which is now considered one of golf 's major championships .
Kevin Bromley ( born October 22 , 1959 ) is an American basketball coach , who is currently one of the Assistant Coaches at UC Santa Barbara .
Joel Scherban ( born April 22 , 1980 ) is a Canadian former ice hockey player who is currently the head coach of the CIS Lakehead Thunderwolves men 's ice hockey team at Lakehead University , a position he has held since 2009 .
Kévin Igier ( born 4 March 1987 ) is a professional French ice hockey defenceman who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men 's ice hockey team .
Ivo Pulga ( born 20 June 1964 ) is an Italian association football coach and former player , who was most recently head coach of Cagliari in the Serie A.
The LPGA Tour Championship , in full the LPGA Tour Championship Presented by Rolex , was the season - ending women 's professional golf tournament on the U.S .- based LPGA Tour .
Arundel Cricket Club are a cricket club in the town of Arundel in West Sussex , England , which was founded in 1704 .
Danish Atlas Khan ( born 2 January 1994 , in Peshawar ) is a professional squash player from Pakistan .
Eckford of Brooklyn , or simply Eckford , was an American baseball club from 1855 to 1872 .
Matthew James Pini , also known as Matt Pini ( born Canberra , 21 March 1969 ) , is an Australian - born Italian naturalized rugby union player .
Aftab Jawaid ( also spelled `` Aftab Javed '' ) is a former squash player from Pakistan , who was one of the game 's leading players in the 1960s .
Frank Menechino ( born January 7 , 1971 ) is an American professional baseball infielder and hitting coach .
Jasmina Ilić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јасмина Илић ; born April 11 , 1985 in Bečej , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian former professional basketball player .
The 1995 FIBA Americas Championship for Women , was the third FIBA Americas Championship for Women regional basketball championship held by FIBA Americas , which also served as Americas qualifier for the 1996 Summer Olympics , granting berths to the champion and runner - up .
Nikolai Lemtyugov ( born January 15 , 1986 in Miass , Russia ) is a Russian ice hockey player currently playing in Russia for Avangard Omsk in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Ryan Davenport is a Canadian skeleton racer who competed from 1993 to 1999 .
The San Francisco Bulls were a professional minor ice hockey team of the ECHL located in Daly City , California , serving the San Francisco Bay Area market .
Newcastle KB United are a defunct Australian association football ( soccer ) club .
The 2013 Golden Spin of Zagreb ( Croatian : Zlatna pirueta Zagreba ) is a senior international figure skating competition in the 2013 - -2014 season .
Bernard Cafferty ( born 27 June 1934 in Blackburn , Lancashire ) is an English chess master , columnist , writer , magazine editor and translator .
Jim Usevitch is an American former professional basketball player .
Olga Kuziukova ( born September 27 , 1985 ) is a Russian cross - country skiing .
Branko Milisavljević ( born July 21 , 1976 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for Les Lions de Genève in Switzerland .
Lemvig - Thyborøn Håndbold is a handball team from Lemvig , Denmark .
Dwayne Haare ( born 9 June 1980 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby union player .
Luján Rugby Club is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club based in the city of Luján , Buenos Aires Province .
Henry Ernest Atkins ( 20 August 1872 -- 31 January 1955 ) was a British chess master who is best known for his unparalleled record of winning the British Chess Championship nine times in eleven attempts .
Montluçon Rugby is a French rugby union team , from the city of Montluçon .
Natsumi Fujita ( 藤田 夏未 Fujita Natsumi , born August 5 , 1991 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toyota Auto Body Queenseis .
Siniša Avramovski ( born September 2 , 1983 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball Center who currently plays for Elektra Šoštanj .
Rugby Europe is the administrative body for rugby union in Europe .
The WNBA draft is an annual draft held by the WNBA through which WNBA teams can select new players from a talent pool of college and professional women 's basketball players .
Ryan Trebon ( b. March 5 , 1981 , Loma Linda , California ) is an American bicycle racer specializing in cyclo - cross and mountain bike racing , currently on the Cannondale Cyclocross World Team .
Anton Shoutvin ( Hebrew : אנטון שטובין‎ ; born January 25 , 1989 ) is an Israeli professional basketball player who currently plays for Maccabi Haifa of the Israeli Basketball Premier League .
Yu Yangyi ( Chinese : 余泱漪 ; born 8 June 1994 ) is a Chinese chess grandmaster .
Velimir Radinović ( born January 17 , 1981 in Oakville , Ontario , Canada ) is a Serbian - Canadian professional basketball player .
The 2008 Open Sabadell Atlántico Barcelona ( also known traditionally as the Torneo Godó ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts .
The All India Football Federation ( AIFF ) is the organisation which manages the game of association football in India .
The Imperials Football Club was an Australian rules football club based in Fremantle , Western Australia .
Raviv Limonad ( Hebrew : רביב לימונד‎ ; born 26 August 1984 ) is an Israeli professional basketball player currently playing for Hapoel Tel Aviv .
Eray Atalı ( born November 5 , 1989 in İzmit ) is a Turkish ice hockey player .
SG Nordring Berlin is a German association football club based in the capital city of Berlin .
Dean Malkoc ( born January 26 , 1970 ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who spent four seasons in the National Hockey League between 1995 and 1999 .
Andrea Strnadová is a retired tennis player from the Czech Republic born on 28 May 1972 .
The Dallas Mavericks ( often referred to as the Mavs ) are an American professional basketball team based in Dallas , Texas .
Alain Vigneault ( born May 14 , 1961 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey head coach with the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Chess Life is advertized as the `` most widely read chess magazine in the world , '' and reaches more than a quarter of a million readers each month .
Karl Zenger won the title of German Champion in men 's figure skating twice , in 1897 and again in 1905 .
Joe Montana Football is an American football video game featuring Joe Montana , released in 1991 .
Liverpool Buccaneers Rugby League Football Club are an amateur rugby league club from West Derby in Liverpool .
The Algodoneros de Guasave ( English : Guasave Cotton Growers ) was a Mexican baseball team in the Liga Mexicana del Pacífico ( English : Mexican Pacific League ) .
Jackson Anderson ( born October 5 , 1989 ) is former American football long snapper .
Marinos de Anzoátegui is a professional basketball club based in the port city of Puerto la Cruz , located in the Venezuelan Anzoátegui State .
Anthony Floch ( born 12 February 1983 in Clermont - Ferrand , Puy - de - Dôme ) is a French rugby union player , who normally plays at fullback .
Gamal Awad ( 9 August 1955 -- 6 November 2004 ) was a squash player from Egypt .
The Memphis Southmen were an American football franchise in the World Football League ( WFL ) , which operated in 1974 and 1975 .
Mikhail Ulibin ( Russian : Михаил Улыбин ; born 31 May 1971 ) is a Russian chess grandmaster ( 1991 ) and silver medalist in the World Junior Chess Championship of 1991 .
The Hampton Gulls were a professional ice hockey team based in Hampton , Virginia and were a farm team for the Cincinnati Stingers of the WHA .
Kim Lykkeskov ( born 3 August 1983 in Vojens ) is a Danish professional ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Denmark National men 's ice hockey team .
Robert Nkemdiche ( /kɪmˈdiːtʃi/ kim - DEECH - ee ; born September 19 , 1994 ) is an American football defensive end .
Mehrullah Lassi joined the Karachi Port Trust boxing club in 1995 .
The Balmain Tigers ( also known as the Sydney Tigers from 1995 - -96 ) are a rugby league football club based in the inner - western Sydney suburb of Balmain .
The 2003 Adidas International was a combined men 's and women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the NSW Tennis Centre in Sydney in Australia that was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier II of the 2003 WTA Tour .
The 2013 Brasil Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor clay courts .
Renée Richards ( born August 19 , 1934 ) is an American ophthalmologist , author and former professional tennis player .
The 2009 Ashes series was that year 's edition of the long - standing and storied cricket rivalry between England and Australia , and was part of the Australian cricket tour of England in 2009 .
L'Aquila Rugby 1936 are an Italian rugby union club currently competing in National Championship of Excellence .
Kamar Burke ( born August 25 , 1986 ) is a retired Canadian professional basketball player and the founder and head trainer of Developing Individual Peak Performance Basketball ( DiPP ) .
VK Primorac Kotor is a water polo club in Kotor , Montenegro .
Justin Rutty ( born July 6 , 1989 ) is an American basketball player , currently with JSA Bordeaux in France .
The International Women 's Club Championship ( IWCC ) , previously named the mobcast Cup and now the Nestlé Cup for sponsorship reasons , is an international association football ( single - elimination tournament
Anna Jurczyńska ( 4 May 1926 -- 19 October 2009 ) , was a Polish chess player who five times won the Polish Women 's Chess Championship .
Bisons Loimaa is a Finnish professional basketball club that is based in Loimaa .
The Great Britain Davis Cup team represents the island of Great Britain in Davis Cup tennis competition and is controlled by the Lawn Tennis Association .
Thijs de Greeff ( born 28 February 1982 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch field hockey player , who made his debut for the Men 's National Team in 2005 .
Piet Roozenburg ( 24 October 1924 in Rotterdam -- 27 April 2003 in Ochten ) was a draughts player from the Netherlands .
Rauman Pallo was a sports club established in 1949 from Rauma , Finland , playing football , bandy and ice hockey .
The Cornwall Colts are a Canadian junior ice hockey team from Cornwall , Ontario , Canada .
The Victoria Titans were an Australian basketball team , that played in Melbourne , in the National Basketball League .
Luka Lapornik ( born October 24 , 1988 in Celje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian professional basketball player , and currently plays for Krka Novo mesto in Telamach League .
The 1970 Air Canada Silver Broom , the men 's world curling championship , was held at the Utica Memorial Auditorium in Utica , New York , United States .
The Swatch FIVB World Tour 2012 is an international beach volleyball competition .
Miran Tepeš ( born 25 April 1961 ) is a Slovenian former ski jumper and current ski jumping official who competed for the former Yugoslavia from 1979 to 1992 .
Interleague play in Major League Baseball refers to regular - season baseball games played between an American League ( AL ) team and a National League ( NL ) team .
The Vancouver Nats were a junior ice hockey team based in Vancouver , British Columbia that played two seasons in the Western Canada Hockey League from 1971 - -73 .
The 1959 FIBA World Championship was an international basketball competition hosted by Chile from January 16 to 31 , 1959 .
The Challenge Provincia di Varese was a golf tournament on the Challenge Tour that is played at the Golf Club Varese in Luvinate , Italy .
Lauren Gibbemeyer ( born September 8 , 1988 ) is an American indoor volleyball player of VBC Pallavolo Rosa SSDRL in Italy .
Giannoulis Larentzakis ( Greek : Γιαννούλης Λαρεντζάκης ; born September 22 , 1993 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
The 2006 SAP Open was a men 's tennis tournament held in San Jose , USA that was part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour .
The World Karate Federation ( WKF ) is the largest international governing body of sport karate with over 130 member countries .
Aalborg Chang is a Danish amateur association football club based in the town of Aalborg .
Milica Mandić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милица Мандић , born December 6 , 1991 in Belgrade , Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian taekwondo athlete and the reigning Olympic champion in the + 67 kg category .
KK Sutjeska is a professional basketball club from Nikšić , Montenegro .
Georgios Papapetrou ( alternate spelling : Giorgos ) ( Greek : Γιώργος Παπαπέτρου ; born November 23 , 1991 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Lidija Horvat ( born 5 May 1982 ) is a Croatian handball player , who currently plays for the Turkish club Zağnos SK and for the Croatia women 's national handball team .
Kenny Dennard ( October 18 , 1958 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who competed in the NBA for three seasons .
The Portland Fire was a professional basketball team in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) based in Portland , Oregon that joined the league in 2000 as the counterpart to the NBA team the Portland Trail Blazers .
Jyrki Aho ( born July 14 , 1974 ) is a Finnish former ice hockey defenceman and the current head coach for the Espoo Blues of the Finnish Liiga .
The World Cricket Classic was a Twenty20 cricket tournament which took place in Bermuda during April 2006 .
The Eastern Hockey League was a minor professional United States ice hockey league .
The Uzbekistan national football team represents Uzbekistan in association football and is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation , the governing body for football in Uzbekistan .
MLB.com is a source of baseball - related information , including baseball news , statistics , and sports columns .
Kim Perrot ( January 18 , 1967 -- August 19 , 1999 ) , was an American basketball player .
Alfio Molina ( born April 20 , 1948 in Switzerland ) is a former Swiss ice hockey player who played for HC Lugano at National League A. He also represented the Switzerland men 's national ice hockey team at the 1972 and 1976 Olympics .
The Guelph Storm are a major junior ice hockey team based in Guelph , Ontario .
The European Short Course Swimming Championships ( or `` Short Course Europeans '' or `` European 25 m Championships '' ) are an annual swimming meet , organized by LEN .
Courtney Meredith ( born 23 September 1926 ) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Neath .
Haoua Kessely ( born February 2 , 1988 in Mantes - la - Jolie , France ) is a French athlete who specialises in the triple jump .
The Elancourt Templiers are a French American football team based in the city of Élancourt The team plays in Ligue Élite de Football Américain and in European Football League .
The EHF Cup Winners ' Cup was the official competition for men 's and women 's handball clubs of Europe that won their national cup , and took place every year .
Hrvoje Perić ( born October 25 , 1985 ) is a Croatian professional basketball player who plays for Reyer Venezia Mestre of the Italian Serie A as a Power forward .
Josef Adolf ( May 14 , 1898 -- 1951 ) was a Czech Nordic combined skier who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920s .
Paula Medina ( born 12 April 1989 ) is a Colombian table tennis player .
The 2011 Coupe Internationale de Nice ( English : 2011 International Cup of Nice ) was an international figure skating competition in the 2011 - -12 season .
The Women 's Baseball World Series is a now defunct international tournament in which originally national women 's baseball teams from around the world competed before being overtaken by the Women 's Baseball World Cup in 2004 .
Fatima Moreira de Melo , LL.M. ( born 4 July 1978 in Rotterdam , South Holland ) is a former Dutch field hockey player of Portuguese descent .
The Western Australia Rugby Union ( RugbyWA ) is the governing body of rugby union in Western Australia , it was founded in 1893 and the inaugural 4 team competition commenced in 1895 with the I Zingari , Fremantle , Swans and Midland Junction Club 's taking part .
Kleon Penn ( born September 1 , 1986 ) is a British Virgin Islander - Puerto Rican professional basketball player for Trotamundos de Carabobo of the Venezuelan Liga Profesional de Baloncesto ( LPB ) .
Nässjö IF , full name Nässjö Idrottsförening , is a sports club in Nässjö , Sweden , mostly active with playing bandy .
Bruno Hirata Kaimoti ( born March 13 , 1988 ) is a Brazilian baseball catcher .
Nemanja Krstić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Крстић , born March 2 , 1993 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Igokea of the Bosnian League and the Adriatic League .
Vladimir Galuzin ( born August 6 , 1988 ) is a professional ice hockey player .
Damian Cronin ( b. 17 April 1963 , Wegberg , Germany ) is a former Scotland rugby union rugby player who represented London Scottish FC .
Sébastien Jasaron ( born July 25 , 1978 in Paris ) is a French basketball player who played 6 games for French Pro A league club Brest during the 2005 - 2006 season
Sandra Whyte - Sweeney ( born August 24 , 1970 ) is an American ice hockey player who was born on August 24 , 1970 .
Pierre - Marc Bouchard ( born April 27 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently signed with EV Zug of the National League A ( NLA ) .
Simone Santi ( born May 24 , 1966 ) is an Italian volleyball referee .
Jean Bernier ( born July 21 , 1954 ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 260 games in the World Hockey Association .
The Paraguayan Basketball Federation ( in Spanish : Confederación Paraguaya de Básquetbol ) is the governing body of basketball in Paraguay .
Immacolata Sirressi or for short Imma Sirressi ( Santeramo in Colle , 19 May 1990 ) is an Italian volleyball player .
Māris Jass ( born January 18 , 1985 ) is a Latvian professional ice hockey forward , currently playing for the Austrian Hockey League club Orli Znojmo and very currently in Dinamo Riga .
The Philadelphia Open Championship is an annual golf tournament played in the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania area .
WBC CSKA Moscow was a Russian women 's basketball team from Moscow .
North Down Cricket Club is an Irish cricket club based in Comber , County Down , Northern Ireland , playing in the NCU Premier League .
Yang Fen ( born July 31 , 1982 in Hubei , China ) is a Congolese table tennis player of Chinese origin .
James A. Leonard ( November 6 , 1841 Ireland -- September 26 , 1862 Annapolis , Maryland ) was a young American chess master , who grew up as a son of poor Irish immigrants in New York City .
Jean Barthe ( born 22 July 1932 in Lourdes ) , was a French rugby league and rugby union player .
Tomáš Kubalík ( born May 1 , 1990 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey forward who currently under contract to ERC Ingolstadt in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
The Mitre 10 Cup ( colloquially referred to as `` National Provincial Championship '' or `` NPC '' ) is the highest level of New Zealand domestic professional rugby union competition , contested annually from late August to early November and managed by the New Zealand Rugby Union ( NZRU ) .
Hannu Aravirta ( born 26 March 1953 in Savonlinna ) is a Finnish ice hockey player and an ice hockey coach for the Finnish national men 's team , SM - liiga and Elitserien .
The 2005 Open Gaz de France was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Stade Pierre de Coubertin in Paris in France that was part of Tier II of the 2005 WTA Tour .
Francesco Zucchetti ( 14 April 1902 -- 8 February 1980 ) was an Italian racing cyclist and olympic champion in track cycling .
The FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship for Women was a basketball competition in the International Basketball Federation 's FIBA Africa zone .
Eastern European Hockey League ( EEHL ) was a regional ice hockey league which existed from 1995 to 2004 .
Janko Tipsarević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јанко Типсаревић , Serbian pronunciation : ( jâːŋkɔ tipsǎːrɛʋit͡ɕ ) ; born 22 June 1984 ) is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked inside the top 400 ( No . 392 , as of September 2015 ) .
Thismia americana , the banded trinity , was a species of flowering plant that was described and published as living in wetlands surrounding Chicago 's Lake Calumet in the 1910s .
Anabas cobojius , the Gangetic koi ( Bengali : কই মাছ ) , is a species of climbing gourami native to India and Bangladesh , where it occurs in many types of standing water bodies .
Vitis yunnanensis ( known locally as yun nan pu tao , meaning Yunnan grape ) is a species of liana in the grape family native to the Chinese province of Yunnan ( in Jingdong Yi Autonomous County and Jinghong ) .
Suillus variegatus , commonly called the velvet bolete or variegated bolete , is a species of edible mushroom in the genus Suillus .
Glischropus is a genus of bats within the vesper bat family , Vespertilionidae .
The Batrachedridae are a small family of moths .
Collema tenax is a species of lichen known by the common names jelly lichen , black lichen , and desert lichen .
Nicetosoma is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from eastern Sundaland , from Sulawesi to New Guinea .
Panagrius hystrix is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Panagrius .
Derwentiinae is a subfamily of rhytidosteid temnospondyls from the Permian and Triassic periods of Australia and India .
Ivesia gordonii is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Gordon 's mousetail .
Brevicellicium olivascens is a species of corticioid fungus in the family Hydnodontaceae .
Glossophaga is a genus of bats in the leaf - nosed bat family , Phyllostomidae .
Uechtritzia is a genus of Eurasian flowering plants in the daisy family .
Dorcadion pusillum is a species of longhorn beetle of the Lamiinae subfamily .
Occidentarius platypogon , commonly known as the cominate sea - catfish , is a species of sea catfish found in marine and brackish waters along the Pacific coast from Mexico to Peru .
Tegula rugosa , common name the rough top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae .
Homoloidea is a superfamily of dromiacean crabs .
The Texas spiny softshell turtle ( Apalone spinifera emoryi ) is a subspecies of softshell turtle native to the southwestern United States .
Pachycereus pringlei , also known as Mexican giant cardon or elephant cactus , is a species of cactus native to northwestern Mexico in the states of Baja California , Baja California Sur , and Sonora .
Scutiger gongshanensis is a species of toad found in Yunnan , China .
Odontamblyopus tenuis is a species of eel goby native to fresh , brackish and marine coastal waters from Pakistan and Myanmar .
Vorticella is a genus of protozoa , with over 16 known species .
Acartia tonsa is a species of marine copepod in the family Acartiidae .
Amoria hunteri , common name Hunter 's marbled volute , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Liarea aupouria aupouria is a subspecies of land snail , a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Liareinae .
Chamberlain 's dwarf salamander ( Eurycea chamberlaini ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae , endemic to the United States .
Phalacronotus apogon is a species of catfish of the genus Phalacronotus found in Southeast Asia .
Penicillium desertorum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from desert soil under the plant Oryzopsis hymenoides in Wyoming in the US .
Thaumatodon multilamellata was a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae .
Nanorana maculosa ( common names : spotted paa frog , Piebald spiny frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Chloris cubensis is a species of grass native to the islands of the Caribbean .
Dicranurus ( `` Twin head - tail '' ) is a genus of Lower Devonian odontopleurid trilobites that lived in a shallow sea that lay between Euramerica and Gondwana , corresponding to modern - day Oklahoma and Morocco , respectively .
Crestfishes , family Lophotidae , are lampriform fishes found in most oceans .
Nebria punctatostiata is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Portugal and Spain .
Alnus maritima ( also called Seaside Alder ) is a species of plant in the Betulaceae family .
Bittium laevicordatum is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiidae , the cerithiids .
Gnaphosa orchymonti is a ground spider species found in Macedonia .
Clarkia cylindrica is species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name speckled fairyfan , or speckled clarkia .
Cuapetes agag is a species of shrimp found in New Caledonia , Melanesia , Queensland , and the Red Sea .
Terminalia schimperiana is a species of Terminalia , native to tropical Africa from Guinea and Sierra Leone east to Uganda and Ethiopia .
Corbicula fluminalis is a species of freshwater clam , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Corbiculidae .
The Veneroida or veneroids are an order of mostly saltwater but also some freshwater bivalve molluscs .
The cosman 's Murex ( Chicoreus cosmani ) is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Lasiommata schakra , the common wall , is a species of satyrine butterfly found in South Asia .
Pelmatochromis is a small genus of fishes in the cichlid family .
Phacelia greenei is a species of phacelia known by the common name Scott Valley phacelia .
Myrsine knudsenii , the Kokee colicwood , is a species of tree in the primrose family .
The Central American jaguar was proposed as a subspecies of jaguar , native to the South American country of Colombia , and Central America , with the taxonomic name Panthera onca centralis ( Mearns , 1901 ) .
Calyptrogyne is a genus in the palm family ( Arecaceae ) .
Mitra picta , common name the brown mitre , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae , the miters or miter snails .
Placerias ( meaning broad body ) is an extinct genus of dicynodonts that lived during the late Carnian age of the Triassic Period ( 221 - 210 million years ago ) .
Hyparrhenia rufa is a species of grass known by the common names jaragua , jaragua grass , and giant thatching grass .
The greater Cunonia genus has a disjunct natural distribution , with 24 species occurring only on the island of New Caledonia in the Pacific , and a single species ( Cunonia capensis ) in Southern Africa .
Ellipsocephalus is an extinct genus of blind trilobite that lived during the Cambrian .
Sibaropsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the mustard family containing the single species Sibaropsis hammittii , which is known by the common name Hammitt 's clay - cress .
Ocotea porosa is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family , often placed in the related genus Phoebe .
Plesiothyreus rushii is a species of very small sea snail , a limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phenacolepadidae .
Heterometrus cyaneus , the Asian Blue Forest Scorpion , is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Scorpionidae .
Lophospermum is a genus of herbaceous perennial climbers or scramblers , native to mountainous regions of Mexico and Guatemala .
Tampichthys dichromus , the Bicolor minnow , is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Mexico .
Chrysomantis centralis is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Congo River region .
Tripsacum floridanum is a species of grass known by the common name Florida gamagrass .
Granulifusus vermeiji is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae ( common name the `` tulip snails and spindle snails '' and their allies ) .
Penicillium pullum is a species of the genus of Penicillium .
Danaea kalevala is a species of fern belonging to the family Marattiaceae .
Bosmina is a genus in the order Cladocera , the water fleas .
Homalictus paradnanus , also known as Lasioglossum ( Homalictus ) paradnanus , is a species of bees in the genus Homalictus , of the family Halictidae .
Muschampia is a Palearctic genus of spread - winged skipper in the family Hesperiidae .
Chilocorus similis is a species of red - spotted lady beetles belonging to the family Coccinellidae , subfamily Chilocorinae .
Galiteuthis glacialis is a species of glass squid from the Antarctic Convergence .
Coelophysis ( /ˌsɛloʊˈfaɪsᵻs , ˌsiː-/ ; pron.:SEL - oh - FY - sis or SEE - low - FY - sis ) is an extinct genus of coelophysid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 203 to 196 million years ago during the latter part of the Triassic Period in what is now the southwestern United States .
Boophone is a genus of herbaceous , perennial and bulbous plants in the Amaryllis family ( Amaryllidaceae , subfamily Amaryllidoideae . )
Henipavirus is a genus of RNA viruses in the family Paramyxoviridae , order Mononegavirales containing three established species :
Afurcagobius is a small genus of gobies endemic to Australia .
Bigelowia nudata ( pineland rayless goldenrod ) is a species of North American flowering plants in the daisy family , native to the coastal plain of the southeastern United States ( from eastern Louisiana to North Carolina ) .
Sinopoda okinawana is a species of huntsman spider found in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan .
The Syrian camel , Camelus moreli , is an extinct species of camel from Syria .
Liocarcinus depurator , sometimes called the harbour crab or sandy swimming crab , is a species of crab found in the North Sea , Atlantic Ocean , Mediterranean Sea , and Black Sea .
Moscharia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family native to South America .
Tanakia is a genus of cyprinid fish , consisting of five species that occurs in Eastern Asia .
Panicum sumatrense , known as little millet , is a species of millet in the family Poaceae .
Afgekia is a small genus of large perennial climbing shrubs native to Asia , reminiscent of the related genus Wisteria .
Cellana radiata ( common name : the rayed wheel limpet ) , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nacellidae ,
Sabal mexicana is a species of palm tree that is native to North America .
Xyris caroliniana , the Carolina yelloweyed grass , is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow - eyed - grass family .
Pseudocyon is a genus of bear dog carnivoran which inhabited Eurasia and North America during the Miocene epoch living approximately 5.3 million years .
Chamaescilla is a genus of Australian herbs in the Lomandra subfamily within the asparagus family , They have grass - like basal leaves and tuberous roots .
Psilocarphus brevissimus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names short woollyheads , woolly marbles , and woolly heads .
Bromuniola is a genus of Central African plants in the grass family .
Codakia orbicularis , or the tiger lucine , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Pycnanthemum curvipes is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name stone mountainmint .
Alloblennius pictus is a species of combtooth blenny ( family Blenniidae ) .
The ʻOlaʻa Peppered Looper Moth ( Tritocleis microphylla ) was a moth species of the family Geometridae .
Brickellia nevinii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Nevin 's brickellbush .
Dinodontosaurus ( meaning `` terrible - toothed lizard '' ) is a genus of dicynodont therapsid .
The type species is Beishanlong grandis , described and named online in 2009 by a team of Chinese and American paleontologists , and formally published in January 2010 by the same Peter Makovicky , Li Daiqing , Gao Keqin , Matthew Lewin , Gregory Erickson and Mark Norrell .
Koloonella micra , common name the minute pyramid - shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Murchisonellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Felimare zebra , common name the zebra doris , is a colourful species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae .
Meromenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters , shell - less , worm - like , marinemollusks .
Stenogyne kanehoana is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Oahu stenogyne .
Streptanthus batrachopus is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Mt.
Nebria laticollis laticollis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in France , Italy , and Switzerland .
Akaimia is an extinct genus of carpet sharks which existed in Ogrodzieniec near Zawiercie , southern Poland , during the middle or late Jurassic ( Callovian or Oxfordian age ) .
Cristipocregyes rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cristipocregyes .
Leptosiphon liniflorus is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name narrowflower flaxflower .
Lithoxus bovallii is a species of armored catfish endemic to Guyana where it occurs in stony rivulets in the Ireng River basin .
Calopteryx aequabilis , the river jewelwing , is a species of broad - winged damselfly .
Echinodorus horizontalis is a species plants in the of Alismataceae .
Daknopholis is a genus of African and Indian Ocean plants in the grass family .
Atagema alba , common name the Hunchback Doris , is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae .
The Strabomantidae are a family of frogs native to South America .
Antennablennius australis , the Moustached blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean .
This grouping was ignored by most researchers until the late 1990s , when it was used as a subfamily ( Polacanthinae ) by Kirkland for a natural group recovered by his 1998 analysis suggesting that Polacanthus , Gastonia , and Mymoorapelta were closely related within the family Ankylosauridae .
Zalophia funebris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Zalophia .
Palaquium ravii is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family .
Khetranisaurus ( meaning `` Khetran lizard '' , for the Khetran people of Pakistan ) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod from the Late Cretaceous of Balochistan , western Pakistan ( also spelled `` Khateranisaurus '' in some early reports ) .
Its single species , Dryadula phaetusa , known as the banded orange heliconian , banded orange , or orange tiger , is native from Brazil to central Mexico , and in summer can be found rarely as far north as central Florida .
Streptomyces azureus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has isolated from soil .
Adetomyrma goblin is a species of ant that belongs to the Adetomyrma genus .
Rhododendron fulgens ( 猩红杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to Bhutan , northeast India , Nepal , Sikkim , and southern Xizang in China , where it grows at altitudes of 3700 - -4500 meters .
Vitakrisaurus is a genus of noasaurid theropod dinosaurs represented by only one known species .
Babylonia perforata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Babyloniidae ..
Buddleja pichinchensis is endemic to the southern Cordillera Central of Colombia and the northern and central highlands of Ecuador , where it grows with Escallonia in páramo and subparamo regions at altitudes of 3,300 -- 4,200 m. The species was first named and described by Kunth in 1818 .
It is the only species classified under the genus Runcaria .
Phlomis chrysophylla ( golden - leaved Jerusalem sage ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae , native to south west Asia .
Sycophaga is a mainly Afrotropical gall wasp genus of the family Chalcidoidea that live on the section Sycomorus of the monoecious fig subgenus , Sycomorus , and one of several fig wasp genera to exploit its mutualism with Ceratosolen wasps .
Paphiopedilum victoria - mariae is a species of orchid endemic to western Sumatra ( Bukittinggi ) .
The family Phylliidae ( often misspelled Phyllidae ) contains the extant true leaf insects or walking leaves , which include some of the most remarkably camouflaged leaf mimics in the entire animal kingdom .
Marsupina bufo , common name the chestnut frog shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae , the frog shells .
Spiloprionus sericeomaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Spiloprionus .
Aciagrion macrootithenae is a species of red algae described by W. R. Taylor .
Parascorpaena picta , the Northern Scorpionfish , is a species of scorpionfish native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Papyridea soleniformis , or the spiny paper cockle , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae .
Stethacanthus is an extinct genus of shark which lived from the Late Devonian to Early Carboniferous epoch , dying out around 320 million years ago .
Paroriaethus multispinis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paroriaethus .
Sorbus pseudofennica ( also called Arran Service - tree or Arran Cut - leaved Whitebeam ) is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family .
Niolamia is an extinct genus of South American meiolaniid turtle .
Leptotes unicolor is a species of orchid native to Brazil , Argentina and Paraguay .
Eurhinodelphis ( `` well - nosed dolphin '' ) is an extinct genus of Miocene cetacean .
Eumenidiopsis is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with eight known species .
At present , this genus is monotypic , as there is only one commonly accepted species in it , Hormonotus modestus , commonly known as the Uganda house snake or yellow forest snake .
Crocus minimus is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae , found in South Corse , Sardegna .
Hoyasemys ( meaning `` turtle of Las Hoyas '' ) is an extinct genus of basal eucryptodiran freshwater turtle from Lower Cretaceous ( upper Barremian stage ) deposits of Cuenca Province , Spain .
Rhabdodermatidae is a family of prehistoric , coelacanthimorph , lobe - finned fishes which lived during the Carboniferous period ( about 359 - 299 million years ago ) .
Dasyatis hastata is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae .
Heterotheca subaxillaris , camphorweed , is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family , common name .
Lemna trisulca L. ( syn . Staurogeton trisulcus ( L. ) Schur ; star duckweed ; ivy - leaved duckweed ) is a species of aquatic plants in the genus Lemna ( duckweed ) with a subcosmopolitan distribution , occurring in quiet freshwater habitats in cool temperate regions .
Scutiger maculatus ( spotted lazy toad or Piebald alpine toad ) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family .
Crocus hyemalis is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae , found from south Lebanon to Israel .
Buprestomorpha montrouzieri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Buprestomorpha .
Allium albotunicatum is a plant species found in Israel , Turkey , Syria and Lebanon .
Fenghuangopterus is a genus of basal pterosaur that lived in northeastern China during the Middle Jurassic .
Excoecaria cochinchinensis ( `` Chinese croton '' , `` Blindness tree '' , `` Buta Buta '' , `` Jungle Fire plant '' ) is a species of plant in the genus Excoecaria , which is a member of the family Euphorbiaceae .
Silene serpentinicola is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name serpentine Indian pink and serpentine catchfly .
Dicerca pugionata is a species of buprestid beetle from the Chrysochroinae subfamily that occurs in the Eastern North America .
Neosprucea sararensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Salicaceae .
Rosa filipes is a species of rose native to western China , in Gansu , Shaanxi , Sichuan , Xizang , and Yunnan .
Abralia trigonura is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in the Pacific Ocean in the mesopelagic zone .
Wedelia pimana is a plant species in the genus Wedelia in the family Asteraceae .
Glaucium ( horned poppy ) is a genus of about 25 species of annual , biennial or perennial herbaceous flowering plants in the family Papaveraceae , native to Europe , north Africa , and southwest and central Asia .
Opsarius cocsa is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to India .
Anomiidae is a family of saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs related to scallops and oysters , and known as anomiids .
Ablepharus is a genus of skinks that contains the common snake - eyed skinks .
Mertensophryne melanopleura ( common names : Kankunde toad , dark - sided toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Gagea flavonutans is an Asian species of plants in the lily family , native to Tibet , Nepal , Sikkim , Bhutan , and Assam .
Laevapex fuscus , the dusky ancylid , is a species of small , freshwater , air - breathing limpet , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
Panulirus pascuensis is a species of spiny lobster found around Easter Island and the Pitcairn Islands in the Pacific Ocean .
Haliotis planata , common name the planate abalone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Lasiosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Lasiosphaeriaceae .
Bostrychoplites cornutus is a beetle species in the genus Bostrychoplites .
Glyphodes multilinealis or the Fig - Tiger - Moth is a species of moth of the Crambidae family .
Sigapatella superstes is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae .
Larix principis - rupprechtii , the Prince Rupprecht 's Larch , is a species of conifer in the genus Larix .
The Adam 's Gem , ( Libellago adami ) is a species of damselfly in the family Chlorocyphidae .
Rudbeckia fulgida , the orange coneflower or perennial coneflower , is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae , native to eastern North America .
Ciliopagurus caparti is a species of hermit crab native to South East Atlantic .
Due its wide variation in leaf shape , there has been a great deal of taxonomic confusion over the years , with many of the leaf variations of Salvia fruticosa being named as distinct species .
Tournefortia obtusiflora is a species of plant in the Boraginaceae family .
Ranunculus micranthus is a flowering plant species in the Ranunculus ( buttercup ) family known by the common names rock buttercup and small - flowered crowfoot .
Chlorochrysa is a genus of small colourful tanagers .
Teratodes monticollis , commonly known as the hooded grasshopper , is a species of grasshopper native to India and Sri Lanka .
The Ctenopoda are a suborder of the order Cladocera , comprising the three families Holopediidae , Pseudopenilidae , and Sididae .
Brickellia arguta is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name pungent brickellbush .
Battaristis concinusella is a species of moth in the Gelechiidae family .
Carex nigricans is a species of sedge known by the common name black alpine sedge .
Azospira restricta is a species of nitrogen - fixing bacteria .
Diuris drummondii , commonly known as the Tall Donkey Orchid , is a species of orchid .
Lilium pensylvanicum is an Asian species of plants belonging to the family Liliaceae .
Passiflora sanguinolenta ( common name Blood red passion flower ) is a species of passion flower from Ecuador .
Miraglossum is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1984 .
Opuntia pinkavae , common names Bulrush Canyon prickly - pear or Pinkava 's pricklypear , is a species of cactus known only from northern Arizona and southern Utah .
Duroia hirsuta is a myrmecophyte tree species from the Amazon Forest .
Parachaetodon is a genus of butterflyfishes native to the Indo - Pacific region .
Poblana is a genus of Neotropical silversides endemic to freshwater habitats in Mexico .
Carex alma is a species of sedge known by the common name sturdy sedge .
Alebra is a genus of leafhoppers in the subfamily Typhlocybinae .
Orodromeus ( meaning `` Mountain Runner '' ) is a genus of herbivorous ornithopod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of North America .
Halazhaisuchus is an extinct genus of archosauriform from the Early Triassic of China .
Falsobiobessa fasciculosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Falsobiobessa .
Parasemolea boliviana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parasemolea .
Axyris amaranthoides is a species of vascular plant , in the family Amaranthaceae , that has been introduced to North America .
Spirocyclinidae is a family of foraminifera included in the Order Textulariida , Class Rotaliata .
Telestes fontinalis , the Spring pijor , is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
The Sunda porcupine ( Hystrix javanica ) is a species of rodent in the family Hystricidae .
Fritillaria persica is a Middle Eastern species of flowering plant in the lily family , native to southern Turkey , Iran , Iraq , Lebanon , Syria , Palestine and Israel .
Asplenium daucifolium ( common name Mauritius Spleenwort ) is a species of fern in the Aspleniaceae family , endemic to the Mascarene Islands .
Sepiella inermis , common name spineless cuttlefish , is an edible species of cuttlefish .
Satyrium membranaceum is a species of ground orchid endemic to south and western Cape Province .
Leptothorax is a large genus of small ants with mainly Holarctic distribution .
Truong Son muntjac or Annamite muntjac ( Muntiacus truongsonensis ) is a species of muntjac deer .
Leavenworthia uniflora , called Michaux 's gladecress or one - flowered gladecress , is a plant species native to the southeastern and Midwestern parts of the United States .
Mimulus pulsiferae is a species of monkeyflower known by the common names candelabrum monkeyflower and Pulsifer 's monkeyflower .
Phoeniciloricus is a monospecific genus of loriciferan , a phylum of small marine sediment - dwelling animals .
Maylandia benetos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the southeastern part of the lake from Mazinzi Reef .
Salix udensis ( syn . S. sachalinensis F.Schmidt ) is a species of willow native to northeastern Asia , in eastern Siberia ( including Kamchatka ) , northeastern China , and northern Japan .
Ribes diacanthum is an Asian species of currant .
Dolabrifera brazieri is a species of sea slug or sea hare , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc in the family Aplysiidae , the sea hares .
Odontarthria tropica is a species of snout moth in the genus Odontarthria .
Graphium procles is a species of butterfly of the family Papilionidae .
Achnatherum thurberianum is a species of grass known by the common name Thurber 's needlegrass .
Mycobacterium vaccae is a nonpathogenic species of the Mycobacteriaceae family of bacteria that lives naturally in soil .
Nymphargus grandisonae ( common name : giant glass frog , red - spotted glassfrog ) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family .
The Guadalcanal moustached kingfisher ( Actenoides bougainvillei excelsus ) is a species of kingfisher that is endemic to Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands , and is a subspecies of Actenoides bougainvillei .
Nyctibates is a monotypic genus of frog in the Arthroleptidae family ; its sole species is Nyctibates corrugatus .
Erythroxylum obtusifolium is a species of plant in the Erythroxylaceae family .
Lynchius simmonsi ( common name : Simmons ' big - headed frog ) is a frog species in the Craugastoridae family .
Turrilites costatus is a species of helically coiled ammonoid cephalopod , from the lower part of the Upper Cretaceous ( Cenomanian ) .
Mimestola imitatrix is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimestola .
Membraniporidae is a bryozoan family in the suborder Malacostega .
Ulmus changii var . changii L. K. Fu is a variety of tree endemic to elevations of 200 m ( 660 ft ) -- 800 m ( 2,600 ft ) in the provinces of Anhui , Fujian , Hubei , Hunan , Jiangsu , Jiangxi , Sichuan , and Zhejiang .
Abies cilicica , commonly known as Cilician fir or Taurus fir , is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family .
Myadora striata is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Myochamidae .
Spathorhynchus is an extinct genus of amphisbaenians or worm lizards that existed from the Middle Eocene to the Early Oligocene in what is now Wyoming .
Coralline algae are red algae in the order Corallinales .
Triops australiensis , sometimes referred to as a shield shrimp , is an Australian species of the tadpole shrimp Triops .
Rhynchobatus australiae , also called the white - spotted guitarfish or white - spotted wedgefish , is a species of fish in the Rhynchobatidae family .
Willungacetus is an extinct genus of primitive baleen whale of the family Aetiocetidae known from the Oligocene of Australia ( at Port Willunga , 35.3 ° S 138.5 ° E , paleocoordinates 52.9 ° S 133.7 ° E ) .
Hemigobius hoevenii , commonly known as the banded mulletgoby , is a species of goby .
Turtle leeches are a genus , Ozobranchus , of leeches ( Hirudinea ) that feed exclusively on the blood of turtles .
Psammphiletria delicata is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of Congo where it is found in Pool Malebo .
Nebria marginata is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Xinjiang , province of China .
Mimoscapeuseboides pedongensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimoscapeuseboides .
Ancistrocheirus lesueurii , the sharpear enope squid , is the only species in the genus Ancistrocheirus and family Ancistrocheiridae .
Chaenactis carphoclinia is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name pebble pincushion .
Barbus oligolepis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Turkey where it is only known from fast flowing waters with substrates of stones or pebbles .
Croptilon rigidifolium , called the Stiff - leaf scratchdaisy , is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Arescon is a genus of fairyflies .
The noctuid ( `` owlet '' ) moth genus Cydosia is the only member of the tribe Cydosiini in the Acontiinae subfamily .
Scaphander is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Scaphandridae , the canoe bubbles .
Leporacanthicus galaxias is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil and Venezuela .
Bayerotrochus pyramus , common name the pyramus slit shell , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae , the slit snails .
Bombus eximius is a species of bumblebee that belongs to the subgenus Melanobombus in the simplified subgeneric classification .
Nebria hybrida is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Bulgaria .
Marginella gemmula is a species of very small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Gleditsia caspica ( Caspian Locust or Persian Honeylocust ) is a species of Gleditsia native to western Asia , in the Caucasus region of Azerbaijan and northern Iran , close to the Caspian Sea .
Plectodonta is an extinct genus of brachiopods which existed during the Devonian to Silurian of the United States , Australia , Canada , China , the Czech Republic , Czechoslovakia , Germany , Kazakhstan , Morocco , Poland , Spain , Ukraine , Argentina , Bolivia , Sweden , the United Kingdom , and Venezuela .
Zachrysia auricoma is a species of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae or Pleurodontidae .
Lupinus excubitus is a species of lupine known as the grape soda lupine .
Carychium mariae is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae .
Cataegis finkli is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cataegidae .
Exoletuncus lobopus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family that is endemic to Goiás , Brazil .
Dictyocaryum is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in South America which is closely related to the Iriartea genus ; they are commonly called araque or palma real .
Paphinia herrerae is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Ecuador .
Penicillium pinophilum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from a radio set in Papua New Guinea .
Caldcluvia paniculata is the only species of the genus Caldcluvia .
Procolina is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile known from partial remains found in Early Triassic ( Olenekian age ) rocks of Czatkowice 1 , Poland .
Eurybia jonesiae , commonly known as Jones 's aster or Almut 's wood aster , is a North American species of herbaceous perennial native to the Southeastern United States , primarily in the State of Georgia with a few populations in eastern Alabama .
Linnaeoxanthus acanthomerus is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Linnaeoxanthus .
Libanocaris is an extinct genus of prawn , containing a single species , Libanocaris rogeri .
Its only described species , Iranattus rectangularis , is only found in Iran .
Otholobium pubescens is a plant species in the genus Otholobium .
Isognathus is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family .
Austrocochlea rudis , common name the rough periwinkle or the roughened austrocochlea , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Cistus asper is a shrubby species of flowering plant in the family Cistaceae with purple - pink flowers .
Orbiliomycetes are a class of fungi in the Ascomycota .
The Central American red brocket ( Mazama temama ) is a species of brocket deer ranging from southern Mexico , through Central America , to northwestern Colombia .
Rubus glaucifolius is a North American species of wild raspberry known by the common name San Diego raspberry .
Flavobacterium denitrificans is a species of N2O - producing facultative aerobic bacteria first isolated from the gut of the earthworm Aporrectodea caliginosa .
Areyongalepis (= Areyonga ) is a genus of prehistoric jawless fish that lived during the Ordovician period .
Conus mozambicus , common name the Mozambique cone or the elongate cone , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae , the cone snails or cone shells .
Thermopsis is a genus of legumes , native to temperate North America and east Asia .
Setaria is a widespread genus of plants in the grass family .
Nolina brittoniana is a rare species of flowering plant in the asparagus family known by the common name Britton 's beargrass .
The Soutpansberg rock lizard ( Vhembelacerta rupicola ) is a small ( 40 - 50 mm ) flattened species of lizard in the Lacertidae family .
Crithidia fasciculata is a species of parasitic protist .
Crystallodytes is a genus of sandburrowers native to the eastern Pacific Ocean .
Azorella filamentosa is a species of Azorella flowering plant , existing in Chile and the Falkland Islands .
Leptoconops torrens is a species of small biting flies in the family Ceratopogonidae ( `` No - see - ums '' ) .
The Eleutherodactylidae are a family of direct - developing frogs native to northern South America , the Caribbean , and southernmost North America .
While the introduction of the species will possibly sustain threatened birds of prey , such as the barn owl , the nonnative mammal could threaten some of the smaller native species , such as the Eurasian pygmy shrew .
Ophiurina are a suborder of brittle stars containing the majority of living brittle star species .
Albapomecyna alboplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Albapomecyna .
Praealticus poptae , the Marianas rockskipper , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean , around the Mariana Islands .
Pardosa amentata , otherwise known as the wolf spider or spotted wolf spider is a species of spider in the genus Pardosa belonging to the family of wolf spiders , Lycosidae .
Microcosmodon is a mammal genus from the Paleocene of North America .
Aloe khamiesensis ( also called Namaqua Aloe ) is a species of plant in the genus Aloe .
Stratiotosuchus ( from Greek , στρατιώτης ( stratiōtēs , `` soldier '' ) and σοῦχος ( suchos , `` crocodile '' ) ) is an extinct genus of baurusuchid mesoeucrocodylian from the Adamantina Formation in Brazil .
Reinwardtia indica , yellow flax or pyoli , is a species of Linaceae found in the Himalayas .
Longchaeus suturalis , common name the crenulated pyram , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Haliplus africanus is a species of water beetle in the Haliplidae family .
Brasilotyphlus is a genus of caecilians in the Siphonopidae family .
Acanthemblemaria macrospilus , the Barnacle blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
House spiders of the genus Tegenaria are fast - running brownish funnel - web weavers that occupy much of the Northern Hemisphere except for Japan and Indonesia .
Chorisodontium aciphyllum is a species of moss found primarily on both sides of the Drake Passage .
Praticolella griseola is a species of land snail , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae .
Ditrema is a genus of surfperches native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean .
Phallomedusa is a genus of small , air - breathing land snails with an operculum , a pulmonate gastropod mollusc .
Turritopsis dohrnii , the immortal jellyfish , is a species of small , biologically immortal jellyfish found in the Mediterranean Sea and in the waters of Japan .
It contains only one species , Ankola fan , the Ankole Skipper , which is found in eastern Nigeria , Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Uganda , Rwanda , western Kenya , north - western Tanzania and Zambia .
Malacothrix incana is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name dunedelion .
Oxyopes lineatus is a species of spider in the family Oxyopidae , the so - called lynx spiders .
Eresinopsides is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . This genus is endemic to the Afrotropics .
Parallelodontidae is a family of saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks that are related to the ark clams .
Tagetes linifolia is a North American species wild marigolds within the daisy family ( Asteraceae ) .
Saussurea costus , commonly known as costus or kuth , is a species of thistle in the genus Saussurea native to South Asia .
Agrimonia striata ( Roadside agrimony , Grooved agrimony , Agrimony , Cocklebur , Woodland Agrimony , Woodland grooveburr ) is a species of perennial forb belonging to the Rose family ( Rosaceae ) .
Slevin 's bunchgrass lizard ( Sceloporus slevini ) is a species of lizard in the family Phrynosomatidae ranging from Southwestern United States to Northern Mexico .
Lygosoma bowringii , commonly known as the Christmas Island grass - skink or Bowring 's supple skink , is a species of scincid lizard endemic to Southeast Asia .
Mycena arcangeliana ( commonly known as the angel 's bonnet or the late - season bonnet ) is a species of Mycenaceae fungus .
Proceratium vinaka is a species of ant from Fiji , and the third species of its genus to be identified there .
The Samarakoon 's shrub frog , ( Pseudophilautus samarakoon ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family , endemic to Sri Lanka .
The Roosevelt elk ( Cervus canadensis roosevelti ) , also known as Olympic elk , is the largest of the four surviving subspecies of elk in North America .
Torquigener squamicauda , commonly known as the brush - tail toadfish or scalytail Toadfish is a species of fish in the family Tetraodontidae .
Pyrus ussuriensis , also known as the Ussurian pear , Harbin pear , and Manchurian pear , is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae .
It contains only one species , Cataxipha euxantha , which is found in Cameroon .
Tabanus autumnalis , the large marsh horsefly , is a medium sized species of biting horse - fly .
Waltheria tomentosa is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae which is endemic to the Marquesas Islands .
Spiranthes romanzoffiana , commonly known as Irish Lady's - tresses or hooded lady 's tresses , is a species of orchid .
Eucratodes agassizii is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Eucratodes .
Aulopareia is a genus of gobies native to the western Pacific Ocean where members of this genus can be found in marine , fresh and brackish waters .
Neoplanorbis tantillus is a species of very small air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
The Common Duffer , Discophora sondaica is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Southeast Asia .
Cymbopogon martinii is a species of grass in the lemon grass genus native to India and Indochina but widely cultivated in many places for its aromatic oil .
The genus Tyto includes all barn owls ( family Tytonidae ) except for the bay owls ( subfamily Phodilinae , genus Phodilus ) -- that is , the true barn owls , the grass owls and the masked owls collectively making up the subfamily Tytoninae .
Trypanorhyncha is an order of cestode , a type of flatworm .
Gibbonsia elegans , the Spotted kelpfish , is a species of clinid native to subtropical waters of the Pacific Ocean from central California , U.S. to southern Baja California , Mexico .
Terataner is an African genus of arboreal ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Cyrtocara moorii , commonly known as the Hump - head , is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi in east Africa where they prefer areas with sandy substrates .
Saccharomyces cerevisiae is a species of yeast .
Aplodactylus is a genus of perciform fishes , the marblefishes , native to southern Australia , New Zealand , Peru , and Chile .
Trichomorpha gracilis is a species of millipede in the Chelodesmidae family that can be found in San Vito , Costa Rica , where it was initially discovered on either the 17th or the 18th of April 1972 .
Mastigotragus is a genus of whip - lash squid containing a single species .
Dendrobium macrophyllum , commonly known as the Large - leaved Dendrobium or Pastor 's Orchid , is a species of orchid .
Phacelia racemosa is a species of phacelia known by the common name racemose phacelia .
Doesburgia celebiana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Doesburgia .
Dasypus , also known as the long - nosed or naked - tailed armadillo , is a genus of armadillo in the family Dasypodidae .
Abronia ameliae , commonly known as Amelia 's Sand Verbena or Heart 's Delight , is a species of flowering plant in the Four O'clock family , Nyctaginaceae , that is endemic to southern Texas in the United States .
Trifolium obtusiflorum is a species of clover known by the common name clammy clover .
Linaria bipartita is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name clovenlip toadflax .
Inermoparmena besucheti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Inermoparmena .
Prepotherium is an extinct genus of Prepotheriina ground sloths that lived during the Miocene period .
Blanus aporus is an amphisbaenian species in the family Blanidae .
Cyathea annae is a species of tree fern native to Ambon in the Maluku Islands , where it grows in forest from sea level to about 650 m. The erect trunk is slender and may be as tall as 3 m. Fronds are bipinnate and 1 - 2 m in length .
Platymantis corrugatus ( Philippine wrinkled ground frog or rough - back forest frog ) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family .
Nebria chelmosensis is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Japan , North and South Korea , as well as in Jiangsu province of China .
Polaskia ( named after American amateur Charles Polaski ) is a genus of tree - like cacti reaching 4 - -5 m high , comprising 2 species .
The Baluchistan bear , also called the Pakistan black bear ( Ursus thibetanus gedrosianus ) is a subspecies of the Asian black bear found in the Baluchistan Mountains of southern Pakistan and Iran .
Aloe ballyi is a species of flowering plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae .
Chronoperates ( meaning `` time wanderer '' in Greek ) is an extinct genus of probable mammal whose remains have been found in a late Paleocene deposit in Alberta , Canada .
Salix subfragilis is a species of willow native to Japan , Korea , Russian Far East and northern China .
Antiplanes yukiae is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae .
Amantis aliena is a species of praying mantis native to Amboina , Sumatra , Malaysia , Moluccas , and Myanmar .
Lasiophanes is a small genus of ant with six described species endemic to Patagonia ( Argentina and Chile ) .
Brookesia lambertoni , commonly known as the Fito leaf chameleon , is a species of chameleon endemic to Fito in eastern Madagascar .
Ioichthys kashkini is a species of barreleye known only from the Arabian Sea where it has been recovered from a depth of 700 metres ( 2,300 ft ) .
The Amethyst - colored Dendrobium ( Dendrobium amethystoglossum ) is a species of orchid endemic to the Island of Luzon in the Philippines but cultivated elsewhere as an ornamental .
Clinopodium ashei ( syn . Calamintha ashei ) is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Ashe 's savory and Ashe 's calamint .
Macromia taeniolata , the royal river cruiser is a species of dragonfly in the family Macromiidae .
Kajikia is a genus of billfishes found in all subtropical oceans .
Megantereon was a genus of prehistoric machairodontine saber - toothed cat that lived in North America , Eurasia , and Africa .
Prunus armeniaca ( `` Armenian plum '' ) , the most commonly cultivated apricot species , also called ansu apricot , Siberian apricot , Tibetan apricot , is a species of Prunus , classified with the plum in the subgenus Prunus .
Calamaria lumbricoidea , commonly known as Variable Reed Snake , is a species of dwarf snake in the Colubridae family .
Podocarpus dispermus is a species of conifer in the family Podocarpaceae known commonly as the broad - leaved brown pine .
Hymenoxys anthemoides , the South American rubberweed , is a South American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Eurymorpha cyanipes is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Eurymorpha .
Dodecatheon conjugens is a species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common name Bonneville shooting star .
Iva cheiranthifolia , the fly marsh elder , is a Caribbean species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Stathmonotus lugubris , the Mexican worm blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from southern Mexico , in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
Calathus rubripes is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Italy and Switzerland .
Pallavicinia is a globally distributed genus in the liverwort family Pallaviciniaceae .
Macrobrachium ohione , commonly known as the Ohio shrimp or Ohio River shrimp , is a species of freshwater shrimp found in rivers throughout the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Ocean drainage basins of North America .
Crataegus sanguinea ( common names Redhaw Hawthorn or Siberian hawthorn ) is a species of hawthorn that is native to southern Siberia , Mongolia , and the extreme north of China .
Altudoceras is a genus belonging to the Pseudogastrioceratinae subfamily .
Erigeron supplex is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names supple daisy or supple fleabane .
Calypte is a genus of hummingbirds .
Grypocoris sexguttatus is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Miridae or plant bugs , subfamily Mirinae .
Ceratonia siliqua , commonly known as the carob tree , St John's - bread , or locust bean ( not to be confused with the African locust bean ) is a species of flowering evergreen shrub or tree in the pea family , Fabaceae .
The Senegalese wolf ( Canis anthus anthus ) , also known as the grey jackal , slender jackal or Anthus , is the nominate subspecies of the African golden wolf native to Senegal .
Penaeidae is a family of marine crustacean in the suborder Dendrobranchiata , which are often referred to as penaeid shrimp or penaeid prawn .
Coreopsideae is a tribe of flowering plants belonging to the Asteroideae subfamily .
Kytococcus is a genus of Actinomycete bacteria , including the sequenced species Kytococcus sedentarius .
Thurnia is a group of herbaceous plants described as a genus in 1883 .
Polemon griseiceps , or the Cameroon snake - eater , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae .
Mellissia is a genus in the family Solanaceae with a single species , Mellissia begoniifolia ( Saint Helena Boxwood ) , that is endemic to the island of Saint Helena .
Hibiscus schizopetalus is a species of Hibiscus native to tropical eastern Africa in Kenya , Tanzania and Mozambique .
Photinia raupingensis is a species in the family Rosaceae of flowering plants .
Banksia leptophylla var . melletica is a variety of Banksia leptophylla .
The beetle family Jurodidae was originally described from fossils , but in 1996 , a single species from the Russian Far East , described as Sikhotealinia zhiltzovae , was found and later was recognized to be a living representative of this otherwise extinct family ( a `` living fossil '' ) .
Dictenidia is a genus of true crane flies .
Galium serpenticum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Intermountain bedstraw or many - flowered bedstraw .
Acanthochirana is an extinct genus of prawn that existed during the upper Jurassic period .
Yunnanolepis is an extinct genus of primitive Antiarch placoderm .
Mortoniella is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1939 .
Pantilius tunicatus is a species of bug in Miridae family that could be found in the Baltic states , Faroe Islands , Finland , Italy , United Kingdom , Yugoslavia , the Netherlands , Eastern , Central , and Western Europe ( except for Portugal ) .
Phellinus tremulae is a species of polypore fungus in the family Hymenochaetaceae that grows on Populus tremula and on trembling aspen in Canada .
Oxyuridae is a family of nematode worms of the class Secernentea .
Trachydoras paraguayensis is a species of thorny catfish found in the Paraná River basin of Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil and Paraguay .
Carex assiniboinensis , commonly known as the assiniboia sedge , is a species of sedge ( Carex ) in the section Hymenochlaenae .
Neoscorpaena nielseni is a species of scorpionfish known from the Indian Ocean off the coast of South Africa where it is found at depths of from 100 to 405 metres ( 328 to 1,329 ft ) .
Cybistax is a genus containing a single species , Cybistax antisyphilitica ( Mart . )
Euscelis is a leafhopper genus in the subfamily Deltocephalinae .
Gymnopilus braendlei is a species of agaric fungus that contains the hallucinogens psilocybin and psilocin .
Acer undulatum is a species of maple , endemic to Babadağ near Fethiye in Muğla Province , southwestern Turkey , where it grows at altitudes of between 1,400 and 1,800 meters .
Baileya australis , the Small Baileya Moth , is a species of moth of the Nolidae family .
Allium cristophii , common name Persian Onion or Star of Persia ; is a species of onion native to Turkey , Iran , and Turkmenistan , though grown as an ornamental bulbous plant in many parts of the world .
Mimetes fimbriifolius , also called cowl pagoda or the fringed pagoda , is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family .
Pardiglanis tarabinii , the Somalian giant catfish , is a species of claroteid catfish native to Kenya and Somalia .
Christella is a genus of around 50 species of ferns .
Yunmenglong is an extinct genus of somphospondylan sauropod known from the late Early Cretaceous of Henan Province , central China .
Craniata ( formerly Craniforma ) is a class of Brachiopod originating in the Cambrian period and still extant today .
Lupocyclus is a genus of crabs , containing six species :
Jentink 's duikers stand around 80 cm ( 31 in ) tall at the shoulder and weigh about 70 kg ( 150 lb ) , making them the largest species of the duikers .
Calliostoma roseolum , common name Dall 's rosy top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Acanthostracion is a genus of boxfishes native to the Atlantic Ocean .
Cheirolepidoptus is a genus of extinct mite found in Italy .
Platyzoma microphyllum , the sole species in genus Platyzoma , is a fern native to northern Australia .
Cattleya schilleriana is a species of bifoliate Cattleya orchid .
Rhododendron hyperythrum ( 微笑杜鹃 , wei xiao du juan ) is a Rhododendron species endemic to north - central Taiwan at 900 - -1200 meters altitude .
Acca sellowiana , a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae , is native to the highlands of southern Brazil , eastern Paraguay , Uruguay , northern Argentina , and Colombia .
Baeolophus is a genus of birds in the family Paridae .
Warea amplexifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names wideleaf pinelandcress , wide - leaf warea , and clasping warea .
Lycurus is a small genus of New World plants in the grass family , native to North and South America .
Trisetum is a genus of plants in the grass family , widespread in temperate , subarctic , and alpine habitats in much of the world .
Pyrostria revoluta , formerly Scyphochlamys revoluta , is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae that lives on the island of Rodrigues .
Conus ruthae is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Microhyla annamensis ( commonly known as the Annam chorus frog ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Thwaitesia argentiopunctata known as the sequined spider , mirror spider , or twin - peaked Thwaitesia is a species of spider found in all the states of Australia .
Feylinia is a genus of skinks ( family Scincidae ) .
The family Entomobryidae contains the so - called `` slender springtails '' , a group of springtails characterised as having an enlarged fourth abdominal segment and a well - developed furcula .
Ungusurculus is a genus of viviparous brotulas found in the western Pacific Ocean .
Arachnura is a genus of orb - weaving spiders of Australasia , with one species found in Africa and Madagascar .
Alyxia oliviformis , known as Maile ( pronounced MY - lĕ ) in Hawaiian , is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family , Apocynaceae , that is native to Hawaii .
Fibrillanosema crangonycis is a species of fungus in the phylum Microsporidia .
Amblyocarpum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1837 .
Pseudobrevicoceras is an extinct nautilitoid cephalopod genus in the order Oncocerida .
Fissurella nodosa , commonly known as the knobbed keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Madurella is a genus of fungus of the Hyphomycetes class .
Mimecyroschema tuberculipenne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimecyroschema .
Desseria is a genus of parasitic protozoa belonging the phylum Apicomplexa .
Zizyphomyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae .
Bogertophis is a genus of New World rat snakes endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico .
Pappognatha is a genus of mutillid wasps .
Sobralia fragrans , commonly known as the fragrant sobralia , is a species of orchid found from Mexico to tropical South America .
Glomera is a genus of orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) , with more than 130 species .
Eupolyphaga sinensis , or tǔ biē chóng , 土鳖虫 , is a species of wingless , flightless cockroach in the genus Eupolyphaga , native to Western China and Mongolia .
Pastinaca ( parsnips ) is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae , comprising 14 species .
The Pu Hoat muntjac ( Muntiacus puhoatensis ) is a newly discovered species of muntjac only known from Pu Hoat region in Vietnam , which is bordering Laos .
Systenotheca is a monotypic plant genus in the buckwheat family containing the single species Systenotheca vortriedei , which is known by the common name Vortriede 's spineflower .
Oxyops vitiosa is a species of weevil in the Curculionidae family .
Nebria rougemonti is a species of ground beetle from a Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan province of China .
Calliostoma rosewateri , common name Rosewater 's top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Echinaster sepositus , the Mediterranean red sea star ( sometimes only red sea star , but this name is also used for other species such as Callopatiria granifera ) , is a species of starfish from the East Atlantic , including the Mediterranean Sea .
Centaurea seridis is a species of Centaurea found in Eastern Mediterranean .
Spectrunculus grandis is a species of ray - finned fish in the cusk - eel family known by the common names pudgy cusk - eel and giant cusk - eel .
†Oriostomatidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neritimorpha .
Drosera macrophylla , the showy sundew , is a perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia .
Parafrasura is a monotypic genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Africa .
Yssolebias martae is a species of fish only known from the Río Magdalena near Santa Marta , Colombia .
Rastrophyllum is a genus of African plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family .
Xerophyllum tenax is a North American species of plants in the corn lily family .
The genus Cayratia comprises approximately 45 species of plants , some of which have utility value to people .
The sole species it contains , Guamia mariannae , is endemic to the Marianas Islands .
Microryzomys minutus , also known as the montane colilargo or the forest small rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Microryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Heteroteuthis serventyi is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean , off southeastern Australia .
Parthenium alpinum is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names alpine feverfew and Wyoming feverfew .
Genicanthus personatus is a species of marine angelfishes in the genus , Genicanthus .
The Iringa akalat ( Sheppardia lowei ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Melicope adscendens is a rare species of flowering plant in the citrus family known by the common name auwahi melicope .
Scoparia dulcis is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family .
Fucus spiralis is a species of seaweed , a brown alga ( Heterokontophyta , Phaeophyceae ) , living on the littoral shore of the Atlantic coasts of Europe and North America .
Tropidocarpum is a genus of flowering plants in the mustard family .
Lessingia nemaclada is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name slenderstem lessingia .
Olivella minuta , common name the minute dwarf olive , is a species of small sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae , the dwarf olives .
Stylonychia is a genus of ciliate , included among the stichotrichs .
Pseudopostega sumbae is a species of moth of the Opostegidae family .
Mimoxylamia gentyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimoxylamia .
Walckenaeria crocea is a spider species first described by A. F. Millidge in 1983 .
Eleotris vomerodentata is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Madagascar , where it is only known to occur in fresh waters .
Styrax redivivus , with common names that include snowdrop bush , California styrax , bitternut , drug snowbell , and chaparral snowbell , is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae .
Cochylimorpha elegans is a moth species in the Tortricidae family .
Phracyps is a genus of moths of the Xyloryctidae family from the Madagascar .
Labiostrombus epidromis , common name the swan conch , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Promissum is an extinct genus of primitive chordate that lived in the Ordovician period , about 500 million years ago .
Stilida is a genus of true bugs in the family Tessaratomidae , and endemic to Australia .
Carex simulata is a species of sedge known by the common name analogue sedge .
Rubus depavitus is a North American species of dewberry , known as the Aberdeen dewberry .
Crossoloricaria rhami is a species of armored catfish found in the upper Amazon basin of Ecuador and Peru .
Brassavola venosa is a species of orchid found from Campeche , Oaxaca , Quintana Roo , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras and Nicaragua .
Thuspeinanta is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae , first described in 1888 .
Rhagio scolopaceus is a species of flies from the family Rhagionidae .
Asparagus simulans is a species of Asparagus native to Madagascar .
Pterostylis recurva is a species of orchid endemic to west - southwestern and Southwest Australia .
Berberis agricola is a plant species endemic to Xizang ( Tibet ) .
Astragalus montii is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name heliotrope milkvetch .
Gymnallabes nops , popularly known as the blind eel catfish , is a species of airbreathing catfish found in the lower Congo River basin in the countries of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo .
Stachyopsis is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae family , first described in 1923 .
Stenogyne is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family first described in 1830 .
The Mariana crow ( Corvus kubaryi ) ( Chamorro name : aga ) is a species of the crow family from the South Pacific .
Neoechinorhynchida is an order of parasitic worms from the ( phylum Acanthocephala ) .
Tinodontidae is an extinct family of actively mobile mammal , endemic to what would now be North America , Asia , Europe , and Africa during the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods .
Cissampelos pareira ( velvetleaf ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Menispermaceae .
The Rana Marsupial ( Gastrotheca testudinea ) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family .
Akysis pulvinatus is a species of stream catfish .
Rosa moschata , the musk rose , is a species of rose long in cultivation .
Penicillium smithii is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citreoviridin and canescin Penicillium smithii occurs in soil in Canada and Europe
Amblydoras is a genus of thorny catfishes native to rivers in tropical South America .
Andrewsianthus ferrugineus is a species of liverwort in the family Scapaniaceae .
Delftia is a genus of comamonad bacteria .
The Flea - frog ( Brachycephalus hermogenesi ) is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family .
Gymnadenia is a genus in the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) containing 22 terrestrial species .
The Brymer 's Dendrobium ( Dendrobium brymerianum ) is a species of orchid .
Oncorhynchus lacustris ( syn . Rhabdofario lacustris ) is an extinct species of prehistoric freshwater trout from the late Miocene to late Pliocene of Western North America .
Polygonum austiniae , common name Mrs. Austin 's knotweed , is a plant species in the buckwheat family .
Apistoloricaria listrorhinos is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Metica River basin .
The former genus Kurodaconus Shikama & Habe , 1968 Shell characters ( living and fossil species ) The shell is pyriform with angulate shoulders and an elevated scalariform spire .
Psorosticha is a moth genus of the superfamily Gelechioidea .
Sphaeromeria cana ( recently proposed name Artemisia albicans ) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name gray chickensage .
Quercus alnifolia , commonly known as the golden oak , is an evergreen oak species of Cyprus .
Aethalochroa simplicipes is a species of praying mantis found in India that was originally identified as a variety of A. ashmoliana .
The Austrochiloidea or austrochiloids are a group of araneomorph spiders , treated as a superfamily .
Zabrus lycius is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that can be found in Dodecanese islands and in Near East .
Aegiphila caymanensis is a species of mint endemic to Grand Cayman .
Gagea pratensis , called the Yellow Star of Bethlehem , is a European and Mediterranean plant species in the lily family .
Monia zelandica , is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Anomiidae , the jingle shells .
Allium kurssanovii is a species of wild onion native to Central Asia ( Xinjiang , Kazakhstan , and Kyrgyzstan ) .
Dactylosurculus gomoni is a species of viviparous brotula , the only known member of its genus , found in the waters of the Indian Ocean off the coast of western Australia .
Hastula strigilata , common name the strigate auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Hypolepis sparsisora is an Afrotropical fern species with an extensive range in Africa and Madagascar , where it occurs at diverse altitudes .
Pachypodistes angulata is a species of snout moth in the genus Pachypodistes .
Scholtzia oligandra , commonly known as Pink Scholtzia , is a shrub species in the family Myrtaceae .
Hexabothriidae is a family of monogenean parasites .
Divaricella dentata , or the dentate lucine , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Festuca dolichophylla is a species of grass which is endemic to western South America with an occurrence in Costa Rica .
Hippocampus slovenicus is an extinct species of seahorse found in 2005 in the coprolitic horizon of the Tunjice hills Lagerstätte in Slovenia along with remains of the related species Hippocampus sarmaticus .
Nebria lewisi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Kikuma , Ehime of Japan .
Sporosarcina ureae forms endospores ( like all species of the genus ) .
Imbricaria olivaeformis is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae , the miter shells or miter snails .
Helicigona lapicida is a species of medium - sized , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Muscari is a genus of perennial bulbous plants native to Eurasia that produce spikes of dense , most commonly blue , urn - shaped flowers resembling bunches of grapes in the spring .
Zodarion lutipes is a spider species found in Cyprus , Israel , Lebanon and Jordan .
Sematophyllaceae is a family of mosses .
Paedogobius kimurai is a species of fish in the goby family , Gobiidae , and the only member of the monotypic genus Paedogobius .
Synodontis woleuensis is a species of upside - down catfish native to Equatorial Guinea and Gabon , where it is known only from the Woleu River , after which it was named , and the Kyé River .
Viburnum lantana ( wayfarer or wayfaring tree ) is a species of Viburnum , native to central , southern and western Europe ( north to Yorkshire in England ) , northwest Africa , and southwestern Asia .
Ecbolium viride is a species of Ecbolium of the family Acanthaceae .
Anomalocaris ( `` abnormal shrimp '' ) is an extinct genus of anomalocaridid , a family of animals thought to be closely related to ancestral arthropods .
Chrysiptera hemicyanea , known commonly as the azure damselfish , azure demoiselle , half - blue demoiselle , and yellow - dipped damsel , is a species of damselfish .
Lobophyllia , commonly called lobed brain coral or lobo coral , is a genus of large polyp stony corals .
Apocheima strigataria , the small phigalia moth , is a species of moth of the family Geometridae .
Polyrhachis convexa is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae , found in India , Sri Lanka , and China .
The Neopilionidae are a family of harvestmen with 15 known species .
Odontostomias is a genus of barbeled dragonfishes .
Caecilia subnigricans is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family .
Bonnetia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Bonnetiaceae .
The Kneriidae are a small family of freshwater gonorhynchiform fishes native to Africa .
Hypolophota oodes is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypolophota .
Lycopodium fastigiatum , commonly known as alpine club moss or mountain club moss , is a species of club moss native to New Zealand and Australia .
Gliophorus reginae is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae .
The Gastrotheca longipes ( also known as the Pastaza Marsupial Frog or Rana Marsupial ) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family .
Micropyropsis is a genus of Spanish and Moroccan plants in the grass family .
Cnephia is a genus of 9 species of black flies , They are distributed in scattered locations across the Northern Hemisphere , from Ukraine to Eastern Siberia , and some parts of North America .
Barbicambarus simmonsi is a species of giant crayfish discovered in southern Tennessee in 2010 .
Heuchera rubescens , with common name is pink alumroot , is a species of Heuchera .
Homo antecessor is an extinct human species ( or subspecies ) dating from 800,000 to 1.2 million years ago , that was discovered by Eudald Carbonell , Juan Luis Arsuaga and J. M. Bermúdez de Castro .
When described the genus contained a single Ypresian - age species Microberotha macculloughi .
Norasaphus monroeae is a species of trilobite named after Marilyn Monroe for its hourglass - like shape
Agastache urticifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name nettle - leaf giant hyssop or horse nettle .
Vallentinia gabriellae , the hitch - hiking jellyfish , is a species of small , inconspicuous jellyfish in the family Olindiidae .
Hoplocorypha nana is a species of praying mantis found in Uganda and Zululand .
Partula taeniata , common name the Moorean viviparous tree snail , is a species of gastropod in the Partulidae family .
Tetanops apicalis is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Tetanops of the family Ulidiidae .
Ozyptila perplexa is a crab spider species found in Spain , France and Algeria .
Solariella peramabilis , common name the lovely Pacific margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae .
The Lythraceae are a family of flowering plants , including about 620 species of mostly herbs , with some shrubs and trees , in 31 genera .
Metaspriggina is a genus of chordate initially known from two specimens in the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale and 44 specimens found in 2012 at the Marble Canyon bed in Kootenay National Park .
Homola barbata is a species of crab in the family Homolidae .
Micranthes nidifica is a species of saxifrage known by the common name peak saxifrage .
Anatoma gunteri , common name Gunther 's split shell , is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae .
The Stephens Island wren was long remembered in local mythos as the only known species to be entirely wiped out by a single living being : the local lighthouse keeper 's cat , named Tibbles .
Megacephala biimpressicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1960 , and can be found only in Bolivia and Brazil .
Bembix is a large cosmopolitan genus of large , often brightly colored predatory sand wasps , consisting of about 380 species .
Ong Sheng - keng and Yu Ching - kin were the first Taiwanese researchers to publish a journal article on Lepidoptera when they described Actias neidhoeferi as a new species .
Zenobia cassinefolia is a North American species of shrubs , in the genus Zenobia , in the heath family .
It contains only one species , Melisoides lobata , which is found in Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of Congo and Equatorial Guinea .
Haplochromis macrocephalus is a species of cichlid endemic to the Tanzanian portion of Lake Victoria where it is found in Mwanza Gulf and Speke Gulf .
Hypsilurus is a genus of arboreal agamid lizards from Melanesia and eastern Australia .
Lyallia kerguelensis , commonly called the Lyallia Cushion ( Coussin de Lyallia in French ) , is a species of flowering cushion plant in the monotypic genus Lyallia in the Montiaceae family .
Oxyothespis noctivaga is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea .
The Potyviridae are a family of viruses that encompasses more than 30 % of known plant viruses , many of which are of great agricultural significance .
Freesia alba is a species of flowering plant in the iris family .
Megacephala carolina is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Linnaeus in 1766 .
Livistona saribus , commonly known as taraw palm , is a species of palm tree found in Southeast Asia ( Cambodia , Laos , Thailand , Vietnam , Borneo , Java . Peninsular Malaysia and the Philippines ) .
The family Sciomyzidae belongs to the typical flies ( Brachycera ) of the order Diptera .
Bossiaea is a genus in the pea family ( Fabaceae ) consisting of about 70 species which are native to Australia .
Pelargonium rodneyanum , commonly known as magenta storksbill , is a perennial herb species that is endemic to Australia .
Cyathea insulana is a species of tree fern native to New Guinea , where it grows in mossy forest and ravines at an altitude of 750 - -1600 m. The trunk of this species is erect , 8 - -10 m tall , and 14 cm in diameter .
Stylidium divergens is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium ( family Stylidiaceae ) that was described as a new species in 2000 .
Damasonium minus is a species of flowering plant in the water - plantain family known by the common names starfruit and star - fruit ( not to be confused with the cultivated starfruit ) .
Storeini , or flower weevils , is a tribe of true weevils ( Curculionidae ) .
Neritopsis is a genus of sea snails in the family Neritopsidae .
Maytenus ponceana , Ponce mayten , is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family .
Ephippioceratidae is a family of clydonatilacean nautilids with shells as in the Liroceratidae but with sutures that have deep ventral and dorsal saddles .
Neobarynotus microlepis is a species of cyprinid fish found is Southeast Asia .
Aubria subsigillata , commonly known as the brown ball frog or the West African brown frog , is a species of frog belonging to the family Pyxicephalidae .
Drosera cuneifolia is a small rosette - forming species of perennial sundew native to the Cape in South Africa .
Beaufortia kweichowensis is a species of gastromyzontid loach native to rivers in China .
Steneotarsonemus spinki , the panicle rice mite , spinki mite , or rice tarsonemid mite , is a species of mite in the family Tarsonemidae , the white mites .
Carex tricephala is a species in the genus Carex , family Cyperaceae .
Gladiolus italicus is a species of gladiolus known by the common names Italian gladiolus , field gladiolus , and common sword - lily .
Malawimonadidae is a eukaryotic family .
Bougainvillia frondosa is a marine invertebrate , a species of hydroid in the suborder Anthomedusae .
Barbus macrotaenia ( broadband barb ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Barbus .
Sepia acuminata is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean , from Port Elizabeth , South Africa to Somalia ( 01º30'N--30ºS ) , and Madagascar .
Wasps of the cosmopolitan genus Polistes ( the only genus in the tribe Polistini ) are the most familiar of the polistine wasps , and are the most common type of paper wasp in North America .
Sauries are fish of the family Scomberesocidae .
Trema lamarckiana , the Lamarck 's trema or West Indian nettle tree , is a species of a plant in the Cannabaceae family belonging to a genus of Treme Lour .
Natrix is a genus of colubrid snakes .
Leptobrycon jatuaranae is a species of characin endemic to Brazil , where it occurs in the Amazon River basin .
Picoides is a genus of woodpeckers ( family Picidae ) found primarily in North America .
Streptomyces flavofungini is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from desert sand .
Agyneta proxima is a species of sheet weaver found in Colombia .
Haplochromis omnicaeruleus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is known from the southeastern portion of the lake .
Oberea bivittata is a species of flat - faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Aurivillius in 1911 .
Zapsalis is a genus of dromaeosaurine theropod dinosaurs .
Centrolene antioquiense ( common name : Antioquia giant glass frog ) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family .
Gyroporus purpurinus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Gyroporaceae .
Pachites is a genus of flowering plants in the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Actinodaphne malaccensis is a species of tree in the laurel family , Lauraceae .
Longitarsus curtus is a species of leaf beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found everywhere in Europe ( except for Liechtenstein , Norway , Switzerland , Portugal and the island of Sardinia ) .
Ogilbia suarezae is a species of fish of the genus Ogilbia found in the shallows of the Caribbean Sea .
Stenotosaurus is an extinct genus of capitosaurian temnospondyl within the family Mastodonsauridae .
Thrixspermum is a genus of orchids , comprising around 150 species distributed from India to Southeast Asia and New Guinea .
Timbellus phaneus , common name : the Phaneus Murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Allium petraeum is an Asian species of wild onion native to Xinjiang , Kyrgyzstan , and Kazakhstan .
Liangshanella is genus of Cambrian bradoriid known from the Chengjiang biota and Burgess Shale .
Papilio oribazus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in eastern Madagascar .
Crataegus ater , known as the Nashville Hawthorn , is a species of hawthorn that grows as a shrub or tree , native to the Great Lakes region of North America .
It contains the single species Eugraphosia rubrizonea , which is found in Peru .
Oophaga is a genus of poison - dart frogs containing nine species , many of which were formerly in the Dendrobates genus .
Ephedra holoptera is a species of Ephedra that is native to Iran .
Gulella mayottensis was a species of very small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae .
Zanha africana , Velvet - fruited zanha is a species of fruit plants from Sapindaceae family which can be found in Angola , Kenya , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is used as door frame and tool handles .
Arrhoges occidentalis , common name the American pelicanfoot , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aporrhaidae , the pelican 's foot snails or pelican 's foot shells .
Platanthera orbiculata , the lesser roundleaved orchid , is a species of orchid native to forested areas of North America .
Caloria is a genus of colorful sea slugs , aeolid nudibranchs .
Globigerina is a genus of planktonic Foraminifera that have populated the world 's oceans since the Late Eocene .
Scarus is a genus of parrotfish .
Colanthelia is a genus of South American bamboo in the grass family , native to southern Brazil and northeastern Argentina .
Volucella zonaria , the hornet mimic hoverfly , is a European species of hoverfly .
The Mutillidae are a family of more than 3,000 species of wasps ( despite the names ) whose wingless females resemble large , hairy ants .
Edwardsiella tarda is also found in largemouth bass and freshwater species such as rainbow trout .
It was described by Harrington in 1957 , and the type species is Kanoshia kanoshensis , which was originally described under the genus Pseudomera by Hintze in 1953 .
Psychroteuthis glacialis , the glacial squid , is the only known species in the monotypic genus Psychroteuthis , in the family Psychroteuthidae .
Egernia kingii , King 's skink , is a species of skink native to coastal regions of south - western Australia common on Rottnest Island and Penguin Island and some coastal areas with open forest and open heath .
Penthaleidae , also referred to as earth mites , are a family of mites that are major winter pests of a variety of crops and pastures in southern Australia .
Samoana hamadryas , common name the `` Polynesian tree snail '' , is a species of tropical , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial , pulmonate , gastropod mollusc in the family Partulidae .
Perideridia oregana is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Oregon yampah and eppaw .
Betula pubescens ' Pendula ' , or Weeping Downy Birch , is a weeping tree and a cultivar of Betula pubescens , the Downy Birch .
The Megaviridae are a proposed family of double - stranded DNA viruses that have not been recognized by the ICTV .
Cyathea propinqua is a species of tree fern native to Fiji and possibly Samoa , where it grows in wet forest .
Voltziales is an extinct order of trees related to modern conifers .
Paracroton pendulus is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae that is endemic to Western Ghats of India and Sri Lanka .
Arabidopsis lyrata is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae , closely related to the model organism Arabidopsis thaliana .
Stichopogon is a genus of small robber flies of the subfamily Dasypogoninae .
The Spurrell 's free - tailed bat ( Mops spurrelli ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae named after Herbert George Flaxman Spurrell .
Draba serpentina is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name serpentine draba .
Larix decidua , common name European larch , is a species of larch native to the mountains of central Europe , in the Alps and Carpathian Mountains , with disjunct lowland populations in northern Poland and southern Lithuania .
Pristimantis acerus ( common name : Papallacta robber frog ) is a frog species from South America .
Orthochromis machadoi , the Cunene dwarf happy , is a species of cichlid native to Angola and Namibia , where it is known from the Cunene River system .
Malacoctenus margaritae , the Margarita blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Central America from Costa Rica to Panama .
Lippia alba is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family , Verbenaceae , that is native to southern Texas in the United States , Mexico , the Caribbean , Central America , and South America .
Benthodorbis pawpela is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Glacidorbidae .
Uenanthracus perigonoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Uenanthracus .
Tagetes micrantha is a North American species wild marigolds within the daisy family ( Asteraceae ) , common name licorice marigold .
Maotianoascus octonarius is an extinct species of stem - group ctenophore , known from the Chinese Maotianshan shales of Yunnan .
Hypolysia usambarica is a species of small tropical air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae .
Aphaenogaster sommerfeldti is an extinct species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae known from a group of Middle Eocene fossils found in Europe .
Athyrium filix - femina ( lady fern or common lady - fern ) is a large , feathery species of fern native throughout most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere , where it is often abundant ( one of the more common ferns ) in damp , shady woodland environments and is often grown for decoration .
Bulis bivittata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Bulis .
Gagea peduncularis is a Mediterranean plant species in the lily family .
Farriolla is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum .
Mimulus moschatus is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name muskflower .
Schnusimyia parvula is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Schnusimyia of the family Ulidiidae .
The Tettigarctidae , also known as the hairy cicadas , are a small relict ( mostly extinct ) family of primitive cicadas , containing a single genus Tettigarcta , with two extant species , one in southern Australia ( Tettigarcta crinita ) , and the other in Tasmania ( Tettigarcta tomentosa ) .
Lobiger viridis is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Oxynoidae .
The Mount Cameroon forest shrew ( Sylvisorex morio ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae endemic to Cameroon .
Penicillium purpurescens is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in Canada .
Schultzites axelrodi is a species of characin endemic to Colombia , where it is found in the upper Meta River basin .
Miomantis ehrenbergi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea , in Africa .
Pelvicachromis taeniatus is a species of cichlid from Cameroon and Nigeria that is occasionally kept as an aquarium fish .
Leach orchids ( genus Stelis ) is a large group of orchids , with perhaps 500 species .
Lapparentosaurus is a genus of macronarian sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic .
Gigantspinosaurus ( meaning `` giant - spined lizard '' ) is a genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur from the Late Jurassic .
Cirsium perplexans is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Rocky Mountain thistle and Adobe Hills thistle .
Thecideida is an order of cryptic articulate brachiopods characterized by their small size and habit of cementing their ventral valves to hard substrates such as shells , rocks and carbonate hardgrounds .
Poposauridae is a family of large ( around 2.5 to 5 meters long ) carnivorous archosaurs which lived alongside dinosaurs during the Late Triassic .
Lysimachia pendens is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae known by the common name broad - leaf yellow loosestrife .
Sinocyclocheilus huanglongdongensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China .
Advena charon is a species of air - breathing land snail or semi - slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helicarionidae .
Amorphoscelis pulchra is a species of praying mantis native to Ivory Coast , Ghana , Cameroon , Congo basin , and Sierra Leone .
Dendrochilum magnum is a species of orchid , commonly known as the Large Dendrochilum , endemic to Philippines .
Virgatosphinctes is an extinct genus of ammonites , which lived in the Tithonian stage of the Jurassic period , from 150.8 to 140.2 Ma .
Mecopodinae is a subfamily of katydids , containing the following genera :
Pardosa thorelli is a wolf spider species found in Norway .
Cyanea hamatiflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name wetforest cyanea .
The Iris Sawfly , Rhadinoceraea micans , is a species of sawfly in the family Tenthredinidae .
The type species is Texacephale langstoni ; its fossils were discovered in the Aguja Formation and described in 2010 by Longrich , Sankey and Tanke .
Due to reclassification , Lactarius theiogalus is now considered to be a synonym of Lactarius tabidus , and the binomials Lactarius hepaticus and Lactarius chrysorrheus have been assigned to different Lactarius species .
The Chelydridae are a family of turtles which has seven extinct and two extant genera .
Fissidens polypodioides is a species of moss first classified by Johannes Hedwig .
Renalia is a genus of extinct vascular plants from the Early Devonian ( around 420 to 390 million years ago ) .
Paschalococos disperta ( Rapa Nui palm or Easter Island palm ) , formerly Jubaea disperta , was the native cocoid palm species of Easter Island .
Taurocottus bergii is a species of sculpin native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean .
Vanstraelenia chirophthalma , the African solenette , is a species of sole native to the Atlantic coast of Africa where it is found from Guinea - Bissau south to Angola .
Euspira nitida ( common name : Common necklace shell ) is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae , the moon snails .
Hyophorbe vaughanii is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family that is endemic to Mauritius .
Barbus ethiopicus is a species of ray - finned fish .
Calvatia oblongispora is a species of puffball from the genus Calvatia .
Pancratium maritimum , or sea daffodil , is a species of bulbous plant native to both sides of the Mediterranean region and Black Sea from Portugal , Morocco and the Canary Islands east to Turkey , Syria , Israel and the Caucasus .
Bihariosaurus ( meaning `` Bihor lizard '' ) was a genus of camptosaurid dinosaur from Late Cretaceous Romania .
Liolaemus atacamensis ( Atacama tree iguana ) is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Pasquiaornis is a prehistoric flightless bird genus from the Late Cretaceous .
Tympanopalpus dorsalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Tympanopalpus .
Eugnosta erigeronana , the Fleabane Cochylid Moth , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Tachopteryx thoreyi , commonly known as the gray petaltail and Thorey 's grayback , is a species of dragonfly .
The Sapygidae are a family of solitary aculeate wasps .
Nepenthes veitchii ( /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈveɪtʃi.aɪ/ or /ˈviːtʃi.aɪ/ ; after James Veitch , nurseryman of the Veitch Nurseries ) , or Veitch 's Pitcher - Plant , is a Nepenthes species from the island of Borneo .
Chrysostoma paradoxum , common name the orange - mouthed top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Caprellidae is a family of amphipods commonly known as skeleton shrimps .
Ophthalmocydrus semiorbifer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Ophthalmocydrus .
Paracanthocobitis urophthalma , also known as the banded mountain zipper loach , is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis .
Malapterurus teugelsi is a species of electric catfish endemic to Guinea where it occurs in the Kogon River .
Proctonotidae is a family of sea slugs , nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs , in the clade Euthyneura .
The Bioko forest shrew or Isabella 's shrew ( Sylvisorex isabellae ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea .
Kermes vermilio is one of the species of Kermes used to make the crimson dye also called kermes .
Nosferatu pantostictus , the Chairel cichlid , is a species of cichlid native to the Panuco River drainage of Mexico 's Atlantic coast where it is mostly found in moderately fast flowing rivers , slightly brackish , murky lakes and lagoons along the coast .
Eriogonum gossypinum is an uncommon species of wild buckwheat known by the common name cottony buckwheat .
Arunta is a genus of cicada in the thophini tribe of the Cicadinae subfamily and is allied to the genus Thopha .
Commersonia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Malvaceae .
Calycularia is the only genus of liverwort in the family Calyculariaceae .
The Rayed Bean , scientific name Villosa fabalis , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Sphaerobambos is a genus of Southeast Asian bamboo , in the grass family .
Some authors treat Xestia apropitia as a valid species , while Mikkola , Lafontaine and Kononenko ( 1996 ) placed it as a subspecies of Xestia speciosa .
Fasciculus vesanus is an extinct species of stem - group ctenophore , known from the Canadian Burgess Shale of British Columbia .
Arenga micrantha , also known as the Tibetan Sugar Palm , is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae ( Palm ) family , found in the Cloud forests of Tibet , Bhutan , and North - East India .
Indohyus ( `` India 's pig '' ) is a genus of extinct digitigrade artiodactyl known from Eocene fossils in Asia .
Mylossoma duriventre , the silver mylossoma , is a species of freshwater serrasalmid fish endemic to tropical South America .
Hucho is a genus of large salmonids from Eurasia .
Chondrostoma orientale is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Chondrostoma .
Lycoperdon perlatum , popularly known as the common puffball , warted puffball , gem - studded puffball , or the devil 's snuff - box , is a species of puffball fungus in the family Agaricaceae .
Aletris bracteata , Bracted Unicorn Root or Bahamian Unicorn Root is a plant species native to southern Florida ( Monroe and Miami - Dade Counties ) and to the Bahamas ( Andros and Abaco Islands ) .
Pseudolaureola atlantica , or the Spiky Yellow Woodlouse is a species of woodlouse endemic to St. Helena 's High Peak .
Anacantha is a group of thistles in the daisy family , first described as a genus in 1956 with the name Modestia .
Leachia is a genus containing six species of glass squids .
The family contains the single genus Sclerogaster , which contains 10 species found in Europe and America .
Adenanthos glabrescens is a species of small shrub endemic to the Ravensthorpe area in southwest Western Australia .
Purpureostemon is a genus of plant in the myrtle family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1939 .
Hypsoblennius brevipinnis , the Barnaclebill blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
Pyrus salicifolia is a species of pear , native to the Middle East .
Cytidia salicina commonly known as Scarlet Splash is a species of Fungus that is found growing on willows and other deciduous woody plants in Europe .
Synodontis velifer is a species of upside - down catfish native to Burkina Faso , Ivory Coast and Ghana where it can be found in the Pra River and the Sassandra , Bandama and Volta basins .
Cryptocoryne ( water trumpet ) is a genus of aquatic monocot plants from the family Araceae ( arums ) .
Pogonocherus hispidulus , the Greater Thorn - tipped Longhorn Beetle , is a species of flat - faced longhorns beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Speleomantes , the European cave salamanders , is a genus of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae , commonly known as the lungless salamanders .
Gonolabina is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae .
Digitalis laevigata , common name Grecian Foxglove or Giraffe Foxglove , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Digitalis , in the family Plantaginaceae .
Harperocallis flava , known by the common name Harper 's beauty , is a species endemic to Florida in the United States , where it is known mainly from the Apalachicola National Forest in the Panhandle .
Boreaspis ( `` Boreas ' Shield '' ) is an extinct genus of primitive jawless fish that lived in the Devonian period .
Cantuaria dendyi is a species of trapdoor spider in the family Idiopidae .
Erosaria lamarckii , common name the Lamarck 's cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Isochaetes is a genus of Limacodid moths .
Chamaedorea elegans , the neanthe bella palm or parlour palm , is species of small palm tree native to the rainforests in Southern Mexico and Guatemala .
Sibbaldia procumbens is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name creeping sibbaldia .
Acanthochaenus luetkenii , the pricklefish , is a species of pricklefish found in the oceans at depths of from 1,655 to 5,397 metres ( 5,430 to 17,707 ft ) .
Furcodontichthys novaesi is the only species of the monotypic genus Furcodontichthys , a genus of armored catfish .
Allium subvillosum , Spring Garlic , is a European and North African species of wild onion native to southern Spain , the Balearic Islands , southern Portugal , Sicily and northern Africa ( Libya , Tunisia , Algeria , Morocco , the Azores , and the Canary Islands ) .
Propleopus is an extinct genus of marsupials .
Dioscorea bulbifera , the air potato , is a species of true yam in the yam family , Dioscoreaceae .
Penicillus capitatus is a species of green algae .
Benthoctopus is a genus of octopuses comprising around 25 species .
The Cliopsidae , common name sea angels , are a taxonomic family of small , free - swimming sea slugs , pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the order Opisthobranchia .
Touchardia latifolia , commonly known as olonā in Hawaiian , is a species of flowering shrub in the nettle family , Urticaceae .
Gastroptychus is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Chirostylidae , containing the following species :
Scapanops is an extinct genus of dissorophid temnospondyl amphibian known from the Early Permian Nocona Formation of north - central Texas , USA .
Penicillium hordei is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces corymbiferone and roquefortine C.
Caledoconcha carnosa is a species of snail of the family Hydrobiidae .
Serrasalmus geryi ( violet line piranha or Gery 's piranha ) is a species of fish found in the lower Tocantins and Araguaia Rivers of Brazil .
Oryctopleura arcuatalis is a moth of the family Pyralidae , and the only species in the genus Oryctopleura .
Ilex palawanica is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family .
Albertoceras is an Early Ordovician ellesmoeroceratid genus with a small , slender , orthoconic to slightly endogastric shell ; some even tiny .
The Northern Sumatran rhinoceros ( Dicerorhinus sumatrensis lasiotis ) , also known as Chittagong rhinoceros or northern hairy rhinoceros was the most widespread subspecies of Sumatran rhinoceros , also the only known subspecies native to mainland Asia whilst the latter live in Indonesian islands .
Tetragnatha is a genus of spiders containing hundreds of species .
With a length of 1.6 metres ( 5 ft 4 in ) , Kvabebihyrax was much larger than modern hyraxes , comparable in size to larger species of the Paleogene genus Titanohyrax .
Nolina cismontana , the chaparral beargrass , chaparral nolina , California beargrass , Peninsular beargrass , or peninsular nolina , is a rare species of flowering plant of the Peninsular and Transverse Ranges in California .
Galathea squamifera , the black squat lobster , or Montagu 's plated lobster , is a species of squat lobster that lives in the north - east Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea .
Vespula flaviceps is a species of social wasp in the genus Vespula .
Bangasternus orientalis is a species of true weevil known as the yellow starthistle bud weevil .
Neocrepidodera peirolerii is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Austria , Bosnia and Herzegovina , France , Germany , Italy , Liechtenstein , Macedonia , Slovenia , and Switzerland .
Ochetellus epinotalis is a species of ant in the genus Ochetellus .
Prunum amygdalum , common name : the almond marginella , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
The group was originally defined as a superfamily by L. D. Boonstra in 1962 to include the families Brithopodidae and Anteosauridae .
Urocoras munieri is a funnel weaver spider species found in Italy , Slovenia and Croatia .
Strain VK of Bacillus safensis is a salt - tolerant microbe , and can grow beyond the 0 - 10 % salt range for the general microbial species .
Mangifera rubropetala was a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family .
Hoffmann 's pika ( Ochotona hoffmanni ) is a species of mammal in the pika family , Ochotonidae , that is endemic to Mongolia .
Languriomorpha bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Languriomorpha .
Hylaeamys megacephalus , also known as Azara 's broad - headed oryzomys or the large - headed rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Hylaeamys of family Cricetidae , of which it is the type species .
Decachorda pomona is a species of moth of the family Saturniidae .
Synodontis vaillanti is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to the Central African Republic , where it is known only from the upper Ubangui River in the central Congo River basin .
Achatella is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida , which existed in what is now Ontario , Canada .
The Scottish crossbill was confirmed as a unique species in August 2006 , on the basis of having a distinctive bird song .
Triodanis biflora ( syn . Specularia biflora ) is a species of flowering plant native to the Americas and known commonly as small Venus ' looking - glass .
Ericameria compacta , Charleston Mountain goldenbush , is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Pterygodermatites ondatrae is a species of parasitic nematode in the genus Pterygodermatites .
Colpomenia sinuosa , the oyster thief or sinuous ballweed , is a brown alga species in the genus Colpomenia .
Tracheliastes is a genus of parasitic copepods , containing the following species :
Nannacara aureocephalus is a species of cichlid endemic to French Guiana in South America where it occurs in the Approuague River basin .
Penicillium gorlenkoanum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citrinin , costaclavine and epicostaclavine .
Cheilosia albipila is a European and Asian species of hoverfly .
Espostoa is a genus of columnar cacti , comprising 16 species known from the Andes of southern Ecuador and Peru .
Procambarus liberorum is a species of crayfish endemic to Arkansas and Oklahoma .
Chorizanthe xanti is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Riverside spineflower .
Ischnura posita , the fragile forktail , is a species of damselfly in the genus Ischnura .
Pseudocyphellaria is a genus of large , leafy lichens that are sometimes referred to as `` specklebelly '' lichens .
Ghilianella phasma is a species of assassin bug in the subfamily Emesinae .
The type species , Rocasaurus muniozi , was formally described by Salgado and Azpilicueta in 2000 .
Rhamnus globosa , the lokao , is a species of plant in the Rhamnaceae family .
Malleidae , or the hammer oysters , is a family of saltwater clams .
Quercus tarahumara ( also called Tarahumara oak ) is a species of trees in the beech family .
Lycopodium dendroideum , tree groundpine , is a North American species of clubmoss .
Pseudophichthys splendens , or the Purple - mouthed conger is a species of eel in the family Congridae .
Cephalomyidae is an extinct family of caviomorph rodents from South America .
Staphylococcus lutrae is a species of Gram - positive bacteria and a member of the genus Staphylococcus .
The Jamaican pewee ( Contopus pallidus ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Nemotelus nigrinus , the all - black snout , is a European species of soldier fly .
Asperula arvensis , known as blue woodruff , is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family .
Ribes magellanicum is a South American species of shrubs in the currant family , found in Patagonia ( southern Chile and Argentina ) .
Sciades parkeri , the Gillbacker sea catfish , is a species of sea catfish found in coastal rivers in Brazil , French Guiana , Guyana , Suriname and Venezuela .
Copadichromis is a genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in Eastern Africa .
Erica cabernetea is a plant species endemic to a small region in the Western Cape Province of South Africa .
Mimosophronica rufula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimosophronica .
Lindbergella is a genus of plants in the grass family , found only on the Island of Cyprus in the Mediterranean .
Alticus anjouanae is a species of combtooth blenny ( family Blenniidae ) in the genus Alticus .
Protocaptorhinus is an extinct genus of Early Permian ( Cisuralian epoch captorinid ) known from Texas of the United States .
Ormocarpopsis is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family , and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Dalbergia clade of the Dalbergieae .
Scytalichthys miurus , the Short - tailed viper - eel , is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae .
Priscilla hypsiomoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Priscilla .
Punctaconchus is a genus of microconchid tubeworms .
Megamastax is a genus of lobe - finned fish which lived during the late Silurian period , about 423 million years ago .
Campylonotoidea is a superfamily of shrimp , containing the two families Campylonotidae and Bathypalaemonellidae .
Hebe speciosa is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names New Zealand hebe , showy hebe , and showy - speedwell .
Dactylomys is the genus of South American bamboo rats or coro - coros .
Haliotis varia , common name the variable abalone or the common ear shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Handleyomys intectus , also known as the white - footed Handley 's mouse or Colombian rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae .
Amphiura filiformis is a species of brittle star belonging to the family Amphiuridae .
Mesopsocus graecus is a species of Psocoptera from Mesopsocidae family that can be found in Cyprus , Greece , and North Aegean islands .
Musa jackeyi ( Johnstone River banana ) is a species of wild banana ( genus Musa ) .
Hymenophyllum megistocarpum is a species of fern in the family Hymenophyllaceae .
Erythronium helenae is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common names Pacific fawn lily and St. Helena fawn lily .
The Lilian 's lovebird ( Agapornis lilianae ) , also known as Nyasa lovebird , is a small African parrot species of the lovebird genus .
Pseudonaja is a genus of venomous elapid snakes native to Australia .
Plagiobothrys fulvus is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names field popcornflower or fulvous popcornflower .
Ameles heldreichi is a species of praying mantis that lives in France , Italy , Spain , Croatia , Greece , Israel , Libya , Palestine , Turkey , and Cyprus .
The Sunda pangolin ( Manis javanica ) , also known as the Malayan or Javan pangolin , is a species of pangolin found in Southeast Asia , including Thailand , Indonesia ( Java , Sumatra , Borneo , and the Lesser Sunda Islands ) , Vietnam , Laos , Cambodia , Malaysia , and Singapore .
Pseudolithoxus is a genus of suckermouth armored catfishes native to South America where it is only found in Venezuela .
Lotosaurus is an extinct genus of sail - backed poposauroid known from Hunan Province of central China .
Krzyzanowskisaurus is the name given to a genus of archosaur from the Late Triassic .
Luzula piperi , commonly known as Piper 's woodrush is a perennial species of plant in the genus Luzula of the ( rush ) family Juncaceae .
Calystegia macrostegia , with the common names island false bindweed ' and island morning glory , is a species of morning glory in the Convolvulaceae family .
Draco maculatus , commonly known as the spotted flying dragon , is a species of agamid flying lizard endemic to Southeast Asia .
Toona calantas is a species of tree in the mahogany family .
Illex argentinus , commonly known as the Argentine shortfin squid , is a species of squid in the family Ommastrephidae .
Oophytum is a genus of succulent plants native to South Africa .
Derodontidae is a family of beetles , in its own superfamily , Derodontoidea , sometimes known as the tooth - necked fungus beetles .
Oligonicella bolliana is a species of praying mantis .
Eucalyptus redunca , the black marlock , black - barked marlock , wandoo or myrtan , is a tree species in the genus Eucalyptus .
Hypsoblennius proteus , the Socorro blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Pacific ocean , around the Revillagigedo Islands .
Hippoglossoides is a genus of righteye flounders native to the North Pacific and North Atlantic oceans .
Neocogniauxia hexaptera is a species of orchid in the subfamily Epidendroideae .
Anhinga species are found all over the world in warm shallow waters .
Phacellocera plumicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Phacellocera .
Afrodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Globonectria cochensis .
Cerithiopsis fusiformis is a species of sea snail , a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae , which is known from the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea .
Anomiopus caputipilus is a species of true dung beetle that is endemic to Goiás and Mato Grosso in Brazil .
Schizocyathidae is a family of stony corals .
Cyanea shipmanii is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Shipman 's cyanea .
Citrullus is a genus of seven species of desert vines , among which Citrullus lanatus ( the watermelon ) is an important crop .
Copromorphidae , the `` tropical fruitworm moths '' is a family of insects in the lepidopteran order .
The Dermateaceae is a family of cup fungi .
Lathyrus vestitus is a species of wild pea known by the common name Pacific pea .
Macrarene californica , common name the Californian liotia , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae .
Lophiomus setigerus , the Blackmouth angler , is a species of goosefish found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans where it occurs at depths of from 30 to 800 metres ( 98 to 2,625 ft ) .
Lasiancistrus caucanus is a species of armored catfish native to Panama and Colombia .
Hammatoceratoidea , formerly Hammatocerataceae is a superfamily of middle Jurassic ammonites ( order Ammonitida ) , erected by Schindewolf ( 1964 ) that combines the families Graphoceratidae , Hammatoceratidae , and Soninniidae .
Vicia hirsuta ( Hairy Tare , hairy vetch , tiny vetch ) is a species of flowering plant from the large genus Vicia .
Thunbergia laurifolia , the laurel clockvine or blue trumpet vine , is native to India ( Starr et al . , 2003 ) and the Indomalaya ecozone , the species occurs from Indochina to Malaysia ( Schonenberger , 1999 ) .
Chaetostoma lexa is a species of armored catfish only known from streams and rivers that feed into the Huallaga River near Tingo María , Leoncio Prado Province , Peru .
Hemiscyllium michaeli , ( leopard epaulette shark ) , is a species of bamboo shark in the genus Hemiscyllium .
Gnaphosa mcheidzeae is a ground spider species found in Georgia .
Brancasaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Early Cretaceous of what is now Germany .
Aparallactus guentheri , or the black centipede - eater , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae .
The sole species is Ammandra decasperma , although another species name has been proposed .
Another proposal is to group Discicristata with Jakobida into Discoba superphylum .
Platygillellus rubellulus , the Shortfin sand stargazer , is a species of sand stargazer endemic native to the waters around the Galapagos Islands where it prefers to live in areas of fine - grained sediments at depths of from 0 to 20 metres ( 0 to 66 ft ) .
Apterichtus gracilis is a species of snake eel native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean off the coast of western Africa .
Clupisoma is a genus of catfish in the family Ailiidae native to Asia .
Daphnia pulex ( D. pulex ) is the most common species of water flea .
Acrocomia hassleri is a species of palm which is native to southern Brazil ( State of Mato Grosso do Sul ) and Paraguay .
Panicum coloratum is a species of grass known by the common names kleingrass , blue panicgrass ( USA ) , white buffalograss ( southern Africa ) ;
Filopaludina is a genus of freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Viviparidae .
The Philip Island Hibiscus ( Hibiscus insularis ) is a species of hibiscus that is endemic to Phillip Island , a small island to the south of Norfolk Island .
Polymorphida are an order of thorny - headed worms ( phylum Acanthocephala ) .
Hakea sericea , commonly known as Needlebush or Silky Hakea , is a large species of shrub native to Australia .
Derhamia hoffmannorum is a species of freshwater fish endemic to Guyana , where it is found in the Mazaruni River .
Picoliva ryalli is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Litoria bibonius is a species of amphibian of the family Hylidae .
Astacoides betsileoensis is a species of crayfish in the family Parastacidae .
Microcybe multiflora is a small shrub species in the family Rutaceae .
Liopropoma rubre also known as the Peppermint bass is an uncommon basslet species that is collected from deeper Atlantic reef areas .
Parasphaerorthoceras is an extinct orthocerid genus , a nautiloid cephalopod , that lived in what would be Europe and north Africa during the Silurian from 422.9 - -418.1 mya , having existed for approximately 4.8 million years .
Dalbergia maritima is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family ; it is commonly known as rosewood .
Poa leptocoma is a species of grass known by the common names marsh bluegrass and western bog bluegrass .
Isocarpha atriplicifolia is a New World species of plants in the sunflower family .
Stackhousia minima is a perennial herb species in the family Celastraceae .
Turbinaria reniformis , commonly known as yellow scroll coral , is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Dendrophylliidae .
Synaptidae is a family of sea cucumber that have no tube feet , tentacle ampullae , retractor muscles , respiratory trees , or cuvierian organs .
Nelson 's spiny pocket mouse ( Heteromys nelsoni ) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae .
Androsace septentrionalis ( pygmyflower rockjasmine , pygmy - flower rock - jasmine , northern rockjasmine , Northern fairy candelabra , Chinese : bei dian di mei ) is a species of annual herbaceous plant in the Primrose family ( Primulaceae ) , native to North America , Asia , and Europe .
Liobranchia stria , the Minute clingfish , is a tiny species of clingfish native to reef environments around the island of Guam , the Marshall Islands and the Northern Marianas Islands .
Rothia dentocariosa ( previously known as Stomatococcus mucilaginosus ) is a species of Gram - positive , round- to rod - shaped bacteria that is part of the normal community of microbes residing in the mouth and respiratory tract .
Collocalia buday is an extinct species of large swiftlet from the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene of Australia .
Geitodoris rubens is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae .
Vespericola armigera , common name the Santa Cruz hesperian , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae .
Aegrotocatellus is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida , which existed in what is now Nunavut , Canada .
Tectaria estremerana is a rare species of fern known by the common name Puerto Rico halberd fern .
The Vogelkop mountain rat ( Rattus arfakienis ) is a species of rat native to Indonesia .
Acantharctia is a genus of tiger moths in the Erebidae family , found in the Afrotropics .
Allium elmendorfii is a species of wild onion endemic to Texas .
Ptychohyla zophodes is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to the Atlantic slopes of northern Oaxaca , Mexico .
Paraclinus mexicanus , the Mexican blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to reefs of the Pacific coast of the Americas from Baja California , Mexico to Ecuador .
Saurosphargidae is an extinct family of marine reptiles known from the early Middle Triassic ( Anisian stage ) of Europe and China .
Columelliaceae is a family of trees and shrubs native to the Andes of South America .
Acropora teres is a species of acroporid coral found in the central Indo - Pacific , Southeast Asia , Japan , the East China Sea and the oceanic western Pacific Ocean .
Pleione formosana ( Taiwan pleione or windowsill orchid ) is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family , native to southeastern China as well as northern and central Taiwan .
Pseudotaeniotes mimus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudotaeniotes .
Carabus viridifossulatus is a species of black - coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in Gansu , Hubei , and Sichuan provinces of China .
Brachygalaxias gothei ( known locally as puye ) is a species of fish in the Galaxiidae family endemic to Chile .
Prosopis farcta , the Syrian mesquite , is a species of the genus Prosopis .
Scyllarides herklotsii is a species of slipper lobster from the Atlantic coast West Africa .
Rhizopus is a genus of common saprophytic fungi on plants and specialized parasites on animals .
Festuca picturata is a species of grass which can be found in Central , Eastern and southeastern Europe .
Knema hookeriana ( sometimes misspelled K. hookerana ) is a species of plant in the family Myristicaceae .
Diplopora oregonensis is a species of algae in the genus Diplopora in the family Diploporaceae .
Gymnommopsis gagtea is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnommopsis of the family Tachinidae .
Geranium subcaulescens ( grey cranesbill ) is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Geranium , Geraniaceae family .
Astrolepis is a small genus of ferns in the family Pteridaceae .
Hypoatherina panatela also known as the Panatella silverside is a species of reef - dwelling silverside found in the southwest Pacific Ocean .
Amorphoscelis javana is a species of praying mantis found in Java .
Palpopleura lucia , the Lucia Widow , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Heteroclinus wilsoni , Wilson 's weedfish , is a species of clinid found along the coast of southern Australia and Tasmania where it can be found in weedy reefs from the intertidal zone down to a depth of about 20 metres ( 66 ft ) .
Sepia typica is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean and southeastern Atlantic Ocean .
The superorder Peracarida is a large group of malacostracan crustaceans , having members in marine , freshwater , and terrestrial habitats .
Dasypyga independencia is a species of snout moth in the genus Dasypyga .
Acaulospora delicata is a species of fungus in the family Acaulosporaceae .
Omoglymmius solitarius is a species of beetle in the subfamily Rhysodidae ( wrinkled bark beetles ) .
Cerithideopsilla incisa is a species of medium - sized sea snail or mud snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae , the horn snails .
Boletus purpureus , commonly known as the purple boletus , is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae .
Thiothrix is a genus of filamentous sulfur - oxidizing bacteria , related to the genera Beggiatoa and Thioploca .
Halicephalobus mephisto is a species of nematode , among a number of other roundworms , discovered by geoscientists Gaetan Borgonie and Tullis Onstott in 2011 .
Erigeron lonchophyllus is an Asian and North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name shortray fleabane .
Qianichthyosaurus is an extinct genus of Ichthyosaur from the late Triassic ( Carnian ) period .
Erethistoides cavatura is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to Nepal where it is found in the Rapi River system of Narayani River basin .
Chamaerops is a genus of flowering plants in the family Arecaceae ( palm family ) , comprising a single species Chamaerops humilis ( European fan palm , Mediterranean dwarf palm or dwarf fan palm ) .
Galium porrigens is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names graceful bedstraw and climbing bedstraw .
Arixenia camura is a species of earwigs , one of three species in the genus Arixenia .
Coriandrum is a genus of herbs in the Apiaceae family containing the cultivated species Coriandrum sativum ( coriander ) and the wild species Coriandrum tordylium .
Eriastrum is a genus of flowering plants in the phlox family which are known commonly as woollystars .
Parentelopes albomaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parentelopes .
Acroeimeria is a genus of protozoan parasites that contains those parasites which initially develop immediately beneath the brush - border of the intestinal epithelium , but the meronts and gamonts of which are early on extruded to form a layer on the surface of the gut mucosa .
Bulnesia carrapo is a species of plant in the Zygophyllaceae family .
Gongylophis muelleri , known commonly as the Saharan sand boa , is a species of snake in the Boidae family .
It is monotypic , including only the species Massisteria marina .
Fodiator is a genus of flying fishes .
Labeobarbus intermedius intermedius is the only subspecies of Labeobarbus intermedius .
Paramantis prasina is a praying mantis species in the genus Paramantis .
Atopomyrmex is a small genus of arboreal ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Malawisaurus ( meaning `` Malawi lizard '' ) was a genus of sauropod dinosaur ( specifically a titanosaurid ) .
Pachyiulus varius is a species of millipede from Julidae family that can be found in Bulgaria , France , Greece , Italy , Romania , all states of former Yugoslavia and various European islands .
Paspalidium caespitosum , commonly known as Brigalow grass , is a species of grass in the Poaceae family native to inland eastern Australia , where it is found in the Brigalow Belt .
Betta spilotogena is a species of gourami endemic to Indonesia where it is only known from the islands of Bintan and Singkep .
Trichodes ornatus , commonly known as Ornate Checkered Beetle , is a beetle species of checkered beetles belonging to the family Cleridae , subfamily Clerinae which can be found only in North America .
Psednos carolinae is a species of snailfish only known from a single male specimen collected in mid - Indian Ocean in 1964 .
It contains only one species , Sclerocona acutella , which is found from Spain and Sicily north to Great Britain and Denmark and east to Siberia , Japan and China .
Crimora lutea is a species of sea slug , a nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae .
Inodrillia aepynota is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae .
Sisyrinchium dichotomum is a rare species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common names wishbone blue - eyed grass , white irisette , and reflexed blue - eyed grass .
Allobates femoralis ( common name brilliant - thighed poison frog , brilliant - thighed poison - arrow frog ) is a species of frog in the family Aromobatidae .
Chariesthoides bicornuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Chariesthoides .
Oxynoemacheilus is a genus of stone loaches that are found in Europe and Western Asia .
Stuckenia vaginata ( syn . Potamogeton vaginatus ) , commonly called sheathed pondweed , big sheathed pondweed or large - sheathed pondweed is a water plant species that grows in fresh and brackish water in Europe , Northern Asia ( excluding China ) and North America .
Orchis provincialis , the Provence Orchid , is a species of orchid in the genus Orchis .
Barbus microbarbis is an extinct species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Suggrundus is a genus of flatheads native to the eastern Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean .
Dipentodon is a genus of flowering plants in the family Dipentodontaceae .
Lilium speciosum is an East Asian species of plants in the lily family .
Alectryon connatus , sometimes named hairy Alectryon , is a species of small trees , constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae .
The Cantabrian chamois ( Rupicapra pyrenaica parva ) is a slim mountain goat antelope , and is one of the 10 subspecies of the Rupicapra genus .
Synaptotylus is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe - finned fish from the Pennsylvanian .
Helenium amarum is a species of annual herb in the daisy family known by the common names yellowdicks , yellow sneezeweed , fiveleaf sneezeweed , and bitter sneezeweed .
Solenochilidae is a small family of Carboniferous and Early Permian nautilids , similar and related to the Aipoceratidae that comprises genera with whorls in contact and which develop laterally projecting umbilical spines by maturity .
The Archaeobalanidae are a family of barnacles of the order Sessilia .
Bactrocythara is a genus of small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae .
Camellia hongkongensis ( Chinese : 香港茶 ; literally : `` Hong Kong tea '' ) , the Hong Kong camellia , is a species of camellia .
Holocarpha heermannii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Heermann 's tarweed .
Croptilon hookerianum , called Hooker 's scratchdaisy , is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Raorchestes luteolus ( sometimes known as Coorg yellow bush frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Centaurea atropurpurea is a species of Centaurea found in Romania and the Balkan Peninsula .
Acleris celiana , Celiana 's Acleris , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
The Sardinian shrew ( Asoriculus similis ) is an extinct species of shrew from Europe ( Sardinia ) .
Hipparchia maderensis , the Madeiran grayling , is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Althaea officinalis ( marsh - mallow , marsh mallow , or common marshmallow ) is a perennial species indigenous to Europe , Western Asia , and North Africa , which is used as a medicinal plant and ornamental plant .
Pseudopleuronectes is a genus of righteye flounders mostly native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean with one species ( P. americanus ) found in the northwestern Atlantic Ocean .
Lentinus megacystidiatus is a species of edible mushroom in the family Polyporaceae , first found in northern Thailand .
Dalechampia dioscoreifolia is species of euphorb first described in 1841 .
Metacrinia nichollsi is a species of Australian frog , commonly named as the Forest ( or Nicholls ' ) Toadlet .
Ilybius montanus is a species of beetle native to Europe and North Africa .
Proarticulata is an extinct phylum of very early , superficially bilaterally symmetrical animals known from fossils found in the Ediacaran ( Vendian ) marine deposits , and dates to approximately 558 to 555 million years ago .
Symmoriidae is an extinct family of sharks from the Carboniferous period .
Buddleja chapalana is a rare species endemic to the rocky cliffs bordering the northern and western shores of Lake Chapala , Jalisco , Mexico .
Macrurosaurus ( meaning `` large - tailed lizard '' ) is the name given to a genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous .
Kadua coriacea ( formerly Hedyotis coriacea ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name kioʻele .
Platanthera ciliaris , commonly known as the yellow fringed orchid , yellow - fringed orchid , or orange - fringed orchid , is a large and showy species of orchid .
Stathmonotus sinuscalifornici , the California worm blenny or the Gulf worm blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from the Gulf of California , in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
Agaricus langei is a species of fungus in the genus Agaricus .
Hazardia whitneyi , Whitney 's bristleweed , is a North American species of shrub in the daisy family .
Planorboidea is a superfamily of air - breathing freshwater snails , aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks .
Neocrepidodera nigritula is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania , Andorra , Benelux , Denmark , Liechtenstein , Macedonia , Moldova , Monaco , Portugal , San Marino , Spain , Vatican City , Yugoslavia , and various European islands .
Methanosarcina is a genus of euryarchaeote archaea that produce methane .
Ormosia excelsa is a plant species in the genus Ormosia .
Orthotheca is a genus of sessile bottom - dwelling hyolith .
Buchenavia is a genus of plant in family Combretaceae .
Epicauta rufidorsum ( Goeze , 1777 ) is a species of beetle of the family Meloidae .
Lonicera utahensis is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common names Utah honeysuckle , red twinberry , and fly honeysuckle .
Motobdella montezuma is a species of leech which is only found in Montezuma Well , central Arizona , United States .
Plagiosauridae is a family of Temnospondyli that lived in the Triassic period .
Tornatellides subperforata is a species of minute , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk , in the family Achatinellidae .
Choriaster granulatus , commonly known as the granulated sea star , cushion seastar , and doughboy star , is a species of starfish .
The Fringed - lipped Dendrobium ( Dendrobium fimbriatum ) is a species of orchid .
Ipomoea violacea is a perennial species of Ipomoea that occurs throughout the world by the exception of European continent .
Cantharis fusca is a species of soldier beetle .
Berberis chiapensis is a shrub in the Berberidaceae family described as a species in 1940 .
Priscatoides tatila is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Priscatoides .
Solaster paxillatus , the orange sun star , is a species of starfish found at varying depths in the northern Pacific Ocean .
Chicomurex laciniatus , common name the laciniated murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
The Dory snapper , Lutjanus fulviflamma , also known as Blackspot snapper , is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and into the Pacific Ocean as far east as Samoa .
Myrtillocactus geometrizans ( bilberry cactus , whortleberry cactus or blue candle ) is a species of cactus in the genus Myrtillocactus , native to central and northern Mexico .
Toxomerus geminatus , is a species of flower fly found from eastern Canada south to Texas .
Denticetopsis macilenta is a species of whale catfish endemic to Guyana where it is only known from a limited area in the Essequibo River basin .
Silene gallica is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by several common names , including common catchfly , small - flowered catchfly , and windmill pink .
Aeonium hierrense is a species in the genus Aeonium and has a stem but does not grow very tall .
The West Peruvian screech owl ( Megascops roboratus ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
Banksia attenuata , commonly known as the candlestick banksia , slender banksia or biara as known by the Nyoongar Aboriginal people , is a species of plant in the proteaceae family .
Toxopeia demodes is a species of sedge moths , and the only species in the genus Toxopeia .
Spirobolidae is a family of millipedes in the order Spirobolida .
Calais parreysii is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Agrypninae .
Epitonium tenellum , common name the small wentletrap , is a species of small ectoparasitic sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Epitoniidae , the wentletraps .
Aplysia depilans , the `` depilatory sea hare '' , is a species of sea hare or sea slug , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae .
Charaxes kirki is a member of the Charaxes etheocles species group .
The South China sika deer ( Cervus nippon kopschi ) is one of many subspecies of sika deer .
Neolamprologus olivaceous is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from Ruhanga Bay in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Cenchritis muricatus is a species of sea snail in the family Littorinidae , the winkles or periwinkles .
Acoetidae is a family of polychaete worms in the subclass Aciculata .
Phymosia umbellata is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae .
Phytophthora pseudosyringae is a semi - papillate homothallic soil - borne plant pathogen causing root and collar rot of deciduous tree species in Europe .
Stonogobiops yasha , the Orange - striped shrimpgoby , is a species of goby native to the Western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 15 to 40 metres ( 49 to 131 ft ) .
Myosotis laxa is a species of forget - me - not known by several common names , including tufted forget - me - not , bay forget - me - not , and small - flowered forget - me - not .
The Peramelidae family of marsupials contains all of the extant bandicoots .
Galium matthewsii is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names bushy bedstraw and Matthews ' bedstraw .
Platycheirus discimanus is a small species of hoverfly .
Stylophorum ( Celandine - poppy ) is a genus of three species of herbaceous perennial plants native to woodland in eastern North America and China .
Ventenata is a genus of plants in the grass family , native to Europe , North Africa , and central + southwest Asia .
Achyranthes atollensis ( also called atoll achyranthes or Hawaiʻi chaff flower ) was a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family .
It is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Leucocortinarius bulbiger , found in Europe .
Inioteuthis capensis is a species of bobtail squid native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean , specifically from Lüderitz Bay to Mossel Bay off South Africa .
Drilliola is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Callilepis is a genus of gnaphosid spiders with about 20 described species .
Rana amurensis ( Khabarovsk frog , Siberian wood frog , Heilongjiang brown frog or Amur brown frog ) is a species of true frog found in northern Asia .
Ceriporia xylostromatoides is a species of fungus in the family Phanerochaetaceae .
Promethichthys prometheus , the Roudi escolar , is a species of snake mackerel native to the warm temperate and tropical waters of all the oceans where it occurs at depths of from 80 to 800 metres ( 260 to 2,620 ft ) ( mostly between 300 to 400 metres ( 980 to 1,310 ft ) ) .
Apterocerina argentea is a species of ulidiidae or picture - winged fly in the genus Apterocerina of the family Ulidiidae .
Chironex fleckeri , commonly known as sea wasp , is a species of box jellyfish found in coastal waters from northern Australia and New Guinea north to the Philippines and Vietnam .
Leyesaurus is an extinct genus of massospondylid sauropodomorph dinosaur known from the San Juan Province , northwestern Argentina .
Chiloschista , abbreviated Chsch in the horticultural trade , is a genus of orchid , comprising 20 currently recognized species native to China , the Indian Subcontinent , Southeast Asia , New Guinea , Australia , Fiji and Micronesia .
Greigia kessleri is a species in the genus Greigia .
Cyamus boopis is a species of whale louse in the family Cyamidae .
Ciliopagurus tenebrarum is a species of hermit crab native to Cape Comorin .
Perkinsidae is a family of protists in the phylum Perkinsozoa , a sister group to the dinoflagellates .
Bacteroides is a genus of gram - negative , obligate anaerobic bacteria .
Anthemis arvensis , also known as corn chamomile , mayweed , scentless chamomile , or field chamomile is a species of the genus Anthemis and in the Asteraceae family .
Monoclonius ( meaning `` single sprout '' ) is a dubious genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaurs found in the Late Cretaceous layers of the Judith River Formation in Montana , northern US , and the uppermost rock layers of the Dinosaur Park Formation in Alberta , Canada dated to between 75 and 74.6 million years ago .
Cedrelinga cateniformis ( the Wyra Caspi or huaira Caspi ) is a flowering plant species in the genus Cedrelinga .
Glossoloma herthae is a plant species in the family Gesneriaceae .
Solidago satanica , the devil 's goldenrod , is a rare North American plant species in the sunflower family .
Serapias lingua , commonly known as tongue - orchid or the tongue Serapias , is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean .
Vaccinium reticulatum , known as ʻŌhelo ʻai in Hawaiian , is a species of flowering plant in the heather family , Ericaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
The genus Umbravirus includes plant viruses assigned to the family Tombusviridae .
Rhus glabra , the smooth sumac , is a species of sumac in the family Anacardiaceae , native to North America , from southern Quebec west to southern British Columbia in Canada , and south to northern Florida and Arizona in the United States and Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico .
Myosotis decumbens is a plant species of the genus Myosotis .
Oreophrynella ( bush toads ) is a genus of true toads native to the tepuis of southern Venezuela and adjacent Guyana .
Opeas hannense , common name the dwarf awlsnail , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae .
Entoloma murrayi , commonly known as the yellow unicorn Entoloma or the unicorn pinkgill , is a species of fungus in the Entolomataceae family .
Synothele is a genus of spiders found in South Australia and Western Australia .
Quercus inopina , the sandhill oak , is an uncommon North American species of shrubs in the beech family .
Ophiclinus antarcticus , the Adelaide snakeblenny , is a species of clinid found in the coastal waters of southern Australia .
Azuragrion vansomereni is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae .
Forresteria is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the subclass Ammonoidea that flourished during the late Turonian and early Coniacian of the Late Cretaceous .
Pilosocereus royenii is a species of cactus that is native to the Caribbean and Mexico 's Yucatán Peninsula .
Acragas fallax is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas .
Bybe parmenoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Bybe .
Lystrosauridae is a family of dicynodont therapsids from the Permian and Triassic time periods .
Oliva multiplicata , common name the many - plaited olive , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae , the olives .
Perkinsus marinus is a species of protist belonging to the phylum Perkinsozoa .
Scutiger jiulongensis , also known as Juilong Cat - eyed Toad , is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family .
Leptoglossus zonatus is a species of leaf - footed bug , a type of true bug .
Impatiens hawkeri ( New Guinea impatiens ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae .
Synoeca septentrionalis is one of five species of wasps in the Synoeca genus .
Latridae is a family ( about 5 species ) of perciform fishes known as the Trumpeters .
Rhodocollybia butyracea , common name Buttery Collybia , is a species of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family of mushrooms .
Rasborichthys helfrichii is a species of cyprinid fish found on the islands of Sumatra and Borneo in Southeast Asia .
Aconogonon alaskanum is an Asian and North American species of flowering plants in the buckwheat family known by the common name Alaska wild - rhubarb .
Danacetichthys galathenus is a species of flabby whalefish found in the ocean depths at around 1,330 metres ( 4,360 ft ) .
Conus sculletti , common name Scullett 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Homosteus is a genus of flattened arthrodire placoderm from the Middle Devonian .
Astroloba corrugata is a compact Astroloba species , with slender , sprawling stems ( up to 20 cm long ) , densely covered in spirally arranged pointed leaves .
Pseudhepomidion assamense is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudhepomidion .
Elpistostegidae is an extinct family of tetrapod - like fish that lived in the Late Devonian period ( Late Givetian to Early Frasnian ) .
Lamellidea subcylindrica is a species of air - breathing tropical land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae .
Pterothecidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic molluscs of uncertain position , either Gastropoda or Monoplacophora , with isostrophically coiled shells .
Karl Terkal ( October 7 , 1919 , Vienna - August 12 , 1996 , Vienna ) was an Austrian operatic tenor , particularly associated with lyric roles of the German repertory , both opera and operetta .
David Ffrangcon - Davies , M.A. ( Oxon ) ( 11 December 1855 -- 13 April 1918 ) was a Welsh operatic baritone .
Gerhard Stolze ( 1 October 1926 , Dessau -- 11 March 1979 , Garmisch - Partenkirchen ) was a German tenor .
Marietta Sacchi was an Italian operatic soprano who had an active career during the 1820s and 1830s .
Ivo Žídek ( 4 June 1926 -- 19 May 2003 ) was a celebrated Czech lyric tenor , known for his vivid portrayals of character roles in the operas of Smetana , Dvořák and Janáček .
Annelies Burmeister ( 1928 - -1988 ) was a German contralto and actress .
Mila Vilotijević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мила Вилотијевић ; born ? ) is a Serbian soprano .
Güneş Gürle ( born July 7 , 1975 in Izmir , Turkey ) is a Turkish opera singer , bass - baritone .
Giuseppina Finzi - Magrini ( Turin , 1878-Desio , 1944 ) was an Italian soprano .
Derek Lee Ragin ( born June 17 , 1958 ) is an American countertenor .
Ileana Cotrubaș ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈle̯ana kotruˈbaʃ ) ; born June 9 , 1939 ) is a Romanian opera soprano whose career spanned from the 1960s to the 1980s .
Emmy Destinn ( Ema Destinnová ( ( ˈɛma ˈdɛstɪnovaː ) ) ; 26 February 1878 -- 28 January 1930 ) was a Czech operatic soprano with a strong and soaring lyric - dramatic voice .
John Spray ( c.1768 -- 21 January 1827 ) was an acclaimed tenor singer , known for performing works by John Andrew Stevenson , who wrote a number of pieces for him including the popular Faithless Emma .
He Hui ( Chinese : 和慧 ; born 1972 in Xi'an ) , sometimes in the West known as Hui He , is a Chinese operatic soprano .
Theodor Lay was a nineteenth - century German operatic baritone who was particularly admired for his interpretations of the roles of Richard Wagner and Albert Lortzing .
Toby Spence ( born 22 May 1969 , London ) is a British tenor active internationally on the concert platform , in the opera house and in recordings across a wide range of classical music .
Maria Duchêne - Billiard ( 1884 - ? ) was a French contralto of the Metropolitan Opera from 1912 to 1916 .
Leona Mitchell ( born October 13 , 1949 , Enid , Oklahoma ) , is an African - American and Chickasaw operatic soprano and an Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame inductee .
Mabel Garrison Siemonn ( April 24 , 1886 - August 20 , 1963 ) , was an American coloratura soprano who sang at the Metropolitan Opera from 1914 to 1921 .
Karel Strakatý ( 2 July 1804 -- 26 April 1868 ) was a Czech operatic bass who had a lengthy career at the Estates Theatre in Prague from 1827 until his retirement in 1858 .
Philipp Stolle ( 1614 -- 4 October 1675 ) was a German composer , tenor and theorbo player of the Baroque era .
Laura Claycomb ( born August 23 , 1968 ) is an American lyric coloratura soprano opera singer .
Isabella Young ( also Isabella Scott ) ( 17 ? , London -- 12 August 1791 , London ) was an English mezzo - soprano and organist who had a successful career as a concert performer and opera singer during the latter half of the eighteenth century .
Dinara Aliyeva ( Azerbaijani : Dinarə Əliyeva , Russian : Динара Алиева ) ( born 17 December 1980 , Baku , Azerbaijan ) is an Azerbaijani operatic soprano .
Dorothy Warenskjold ( May 11 , 1921 in San Leandro , California -- December 27 , 2010 in Lenexa , Kansas ) was an American lyric soprano who had an active career in operas and concerts from the mid-1940s through the early 1960s .
Max Ciolek ( born 4 November 1959 ) is a German tenor and conductor .
Deon van der Walt ( 28 July 1958 -- 29 November 2005 ) , was a South African tenor .
Kate Aldrich ( b. October 31 , 1973 , Damariscotta , Maine ) is an American mezzo soprano .
Lutz - Michael Harder ( born 1951 , Langenfeld / Długoszyn near Küstrin ) is a German lyric tenor known mostly for his interpretation of Mozart opera roles and as a baroque concert soloist .
Antoinette Miggiani ( born 5 September 1937 ) is a Maltese operatic soprano and singing teacher .
Gilbert Duprez ( 6 December 1806 -- 23 September 1896 ) was a French tenor , singing teacher and minor composer who famously pioneered the delivery of the operatic high C from the chest .
Monica Groop ( born 14 April 1958 , Helsinki ) is a Finnish operatic mezzo - soprano .
Tito Gobbi ( 24 October 1913 -- 5 March 1984 ) was an Italian operatic baritone with an international reputation .
Charles Courtice Pounds ( 30 May 1862 -- 21 December 1927 ) , better known by the stage name Courtice Pounds , was an English singer and actor known for his performances in the tenor roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and his later roles in Shakespeare plays and Edwardian musical comedies .
Bruce Boyce ( 1910 in London , Ontario -- 11 May 1996 ) was a prominent Canadian - born American baritone singer of opera , oratorio and lieder , who made his postwar career in Britain and became a professor at the Royal Academy of Music .
Ferruccio Tagliavini ( pronounced ( ferˈruttʃo taʎʎaˈviːni ) ; 14 August 1913 -- 28 January 1995 ) was an Italian operatic tenor mainly active in the 1940s and 1950s .
Oleg Bryjak ( Ukrainian : Олег Брижак , 27 October 1960 -- 24 March 2015 ) was a Kazakhstani - German bass - baritone opera singer .
Isabel Bayrakdarian ( born 1974 in Zahlé , Lebanon ) is an Armenian - Canadian operatic soprano .
Gérard Souzay ( 8 December 1918 -- 17 August 2004 ) was a French baritone , regarded as one of the very finest interpreters of mélodie ( French art song ) in the generation after Charles Panzéra and Pierre Bernac .
Anne Chabanceau de La Barre ( 1628 - -1688 ) was a French soprano of the baroque era .
Oszkár Kálmán ( 19 June 1887 - 17 September 1971 ) was a Hungarian bass , remembered as the first Bluebeard .
Robert Tear , ( pronounced to rhyme with `` hear '' ) CBE ( 8 March 1939 -- 29 March 2011 ) was a Welsh tenor singer , teacher and conductor .
Edda Moser ( born 27 October 1938 ) is a German coloratura soprano .
Etelka Gerster ( 25 June 1855 , Košice -- 20 August 1920 , Pontecchio ) was a Hungarian soprano .
Jack Harrold ( June 10 , 1920 -- July 22 , 1994 ) was an American operatic tenor and voice teacher .
