On 1 June 2006 , the Dalai Lama bestowed the International Campaign for Tibet 's Light of Truth Award upon the Hergé Foundation , along with South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu .
Ernesto Teodoro Moneta ( September 20 , 1833 in Milan , Lombardy -- February 10 , 1918 ) was an Italian journalist , nationalist , revolutionary soldier and later a pacifist and Nobel Peace Prize Laureate .
Moshe Schnitzer was awarded the Israel Prize in 2004 , the highest civilian award given by Israel .
Hans Roeger ( 13 July 1920 -- 12 April 2009 ) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
10 April 1945 - Member of the Order of the British Empire - Captain ( temporary Major ) William Frederick James Harvey , D.F.C. ( 73684 ) , Royal Artillery , Territorial Army .
Karel Satsuit Tubun ( 14 October 1928 -- 1 October 1965 ) was an Indonesian police officer who is now regarded as a National Hero of Indonesia .
Franz Scheidies ( 22 December 1890 -- 7 April 1942 ) was a German general during the Second World War and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) , serving in the infantry .
Nadira Babbar ( Urdu : نادرہ ببّر‎ , Hindi : नादिरा बब्बर ; born 20 January 1948 ) is an Indian theatre actress , director and an actress in Hindi cinema , who is the recipient of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2001 .
Erich Göstl ( 17 April 1925 -- 28 October 1990 ) was a member of the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
The Yiddish Policemen 's Union won a number of science fiction awards : the Nebula Award for Best Novel , the Locus Award for Best SF Novel , the Hugo Award for Best Novel , and the Sidewise Award for Alternate History for Best Novel .
2006 Guggenheim Fellowship 2014 National Book Critics Circle Award ( Criticism ) finalist for What Would Lynne Tillman Do ?
Naushad was conferred the Dadasaheb Phalke Award and the Padma Bhushan in 1982 and 1992 , respectively , for his contribution to the Bollywood film industry .
Robert Clarkson Tredgold was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in the 1943 New Year Honours .
On 3 March , VanVelzen received the prestigious Dutch music award , the Golden Harp , for his contribution to Dutch popmusic , becoming one of only 42 artists to ever have done so .
Paul Guhl ( 1 June 1916 -- 16 April 1997 ) was a Sturmbannführer ( Major ) , in the Waffen - SS who as awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross on 4 June 1944 .
James Farquharson ( 1781 - -1843 ) was a Scottish minister , scientific writer , and Fellow of the Royal Society .
Louis - Albert Bourgault - Ducoudray ( 2 February 1840 -- 4 July 1910 ) was a French Breton composer , pianist , and professor of music history / theory at the Conservatoire de Paris as well as a Prix de Rome laureate .
In 2001 , Silma Ihram was a recipient of the Centenary Medal , and in 2005 was named Muslim Woman of the Decade .
Voldemārs Ozols ( October 17 , 1884 , Vidreja , Vitebsk Governorate -- July 12 , 1949 ) was a Latvian military commander , lieutenant colonel , honored with the Order of Lāčplēsis , one of the Latvian Riflemen , a military theorist , and a right wing politician .
Stewart Haslinger ( born 25 November 1981 in Ainsdale , Merseyside ) is an English chess Grandmaster and former British Junior champion .
On 5 July 2011 Russia 's President Dmitry Medvedev posthumously awarded Maksud Sadikov with Order of Courage in a meeting with North Caucasus Muftis and religious leaders in Vladikavkaz .
Alexander Fersman was awarded the Lenin Prize ( 1929 ) , USSR State Prize ( 1942 ) , Wollaston Medal of the Geological Society of London ( 1943 ) , and Order of the Red Banner of Labour .
Charles H. Tracy ( October 3 , 1833 - September 13 , 1911 ) was an infantry soldier who received the Medal of Honor while serving in the Union Army during the American Civil War for two acts of bravery .
Ljubomir Ljubojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубомир Љубојевић ) is a Serbian Grandmaster of chess .
William J. Johnston , Sr . , ( August 15 , 1918 -- May 29 , 1990 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in World War II .
Moana - Nui - a - Kiwa Ngarimu VC ( 7 April 1918 -- 27 March 1943 ) was a New Zealand soldier and posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Tim Weiner ( born June 20 , 1956 ) is a former New York Times reporter , author of four books and co - author of a fifth , and winner of the Pulitzer Prize and National Book Award .
Ratna Fabri was a noted museologist of India who was awarded Padma Shri in 1971 for her achievements .
Alexis Carrel ( French : ( alɛksi kaʁɛl ) ; 28 June 1873 -- 5 November 1944 ) was a French surgeon and biologist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1912 for pioneering vascular suturing techniques .
Sir Peter Mansfield FRS , ( born 9 October 1933 ) , is an English physicist who was awarded the 2003 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , shared with Paul Lauterbur , for discoveries concerning Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) .
In 2006 , Pankaj Udhas was awarded the coveted Padma Shri , India 's fourth highest civilian award .
Raden Panji Soeroso ( alt , Suroso ) ( born in Porong , Sidoarjo , East Java , Dutch East Indies , 3 November 1893 - died in Indonesia , 16 May 1981 at the age of 87 years ) was a politician , Sarekat Islam activist , and a National Hero of Indonesia .
Dr. Hermann Kremer ( 28 September 1914 -- 24 December 1988 ) was a highly decorated Major of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Peter Scoones ( 27 October 1937 -- 20 April 2014 ) was an Emmy Award winning underwater cameraman known for his evocative work on the oceans .
Paul Freiherr von Hauser ( 24 April 1911 -- 1 April 1999 ) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
In 2011 , Prince Claus Awards , theme Breaking taboos In 2013 , Tsering Woeser was awarded the International Women of Courage Award
Josef - Hubert Adrian ( 25 September 1911 -- Missing in action March 1945 ) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Henry F. Frizzell ( December 1839 -- May 1904 ) was a Union Army soldier and Medal of Honor recipient .
Elmar Magerramov ( Azerbaijani : Elmar Məhərrəmov ; Russian : Эльмар Магеррамов ; born April 10 , 1958 in Baku , Azerbaijan ) is an international chess Grandmaster .
Michael Allmand VC ( 22 August 1923 -- 24 June 1944 ) was an English Second World War recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
In August 2012 , Mexican Ambassador to Spain Francisco Javier Ramírez Acuña accepted the Menéndez Pelayo International Prize on Ernesto de la Peña 's behalf , as the writer was too ill to travel to Menéndez Pelayo International University in Santander , Spain , to accept it in person .
Heinrich Boigk ( 30 October 1912 -- 28 March 2003 ) was a Leutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Philippe Balthazar de Gand ( 4 October 1616 - 27 February 1680 ) , Count of Isenghien , was a French nobleman and Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece .
Alicia Borinsky has won several awards for her work , including the Latino Literature Prize in 1996 and a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2001 .
Konrad Heubeck ( 22 April 1918 -- 1 September 1987 ) was a Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross holder and a member of the Waffen SS he held the rank of Untersturmfuhrer .
In 1987 , a bronze sculpture of Birger Ruud , by the Norwegian sculptor Per Ung , was set up in Ruud 's native town of Kongsberg , and in 1991 he was awarded the Egebergs Ærespris for his achievements in ski jumping and alpine skiing .
Daniel Cambridge VC ( 27 March 1820 -- 4 June 1882 ) born in Carrickfergus , County Antrim , Ireland , was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Carmel Budiardjo ( born 18 June 1925 ) is a British human rights activist , founder of the organisation Tapol and a recipient of the Right Livelihood Award .
Ross Lindsey Iams ( April 5 , 1879 - -March 25 , 1952 ) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for actions in Haiti on November 17 , 1915 .
Willem Jan Otten ( born 4 October 1951 ) is a Dutch prose writer , playwright and poet , who in 2014 won the P. C. Hooft Award for lifetime literary achievement .
Russell Brower is an American music composer and three - time Emmy Award - winning sound designer who has created sounds for Tiny Toon Adventures , Animaniacs and Batman :
Kurt Plenzat ( 17 January 1914 -- 17 November 1998 ) was a German Hauptmann and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during the Second World War .
George Pereira was commissioned into the Grenadier Guards and served in China ( 1900 ) with the 1st Chinese Regiment , where he received the Distinguished Service Order ( DSO ) for his services during the Boxer Rebellion .
Ian Grant ( born 15 December 1930 ) is a British physicist and a Fellow of the Royal Society .
Jean - Pierre Renouard is commandeur de la Légion d'honneur , Médaille de la Résistance , Croix de Guerre 39 - 45 .
Robert F. Stryker ( November 9 , 1944 -- November 7 , 1967 ) was a United States Army soldier who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Vietnam War .
Frederick Corbett VC ( 17 September 1853 -- 25 September 1912 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
In 1997 , The Naked Spur was added to the United States National Film Registry , being deemed `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . ''
Maria Kotarba was recognised as Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem on September 18 , 2005 for risking her life to save the lives of Jewish prisoners in two Nazi concentration camps .
In November 2011 , Ela Bhatt was selected for the Indira Gandhi Prize for Peace , Disarmament and Development 2011 for her lifetime achievements in empowering women through grassroots entrepreneurship .
George Fraser Kerr VC , MC & Bar , MM , ( 8 June 1895 -- 8 December 1929 ) was a Canadian recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest military award given to British and Commonwealth forces for gallantry in the face of the enemy .
Dibyendu Barua ( দিব্যেন্দু বড়ুয়া ) ( born October 27 , 1966 ) is a chess Grandmaster from the city of Kolkata ( Calcutta ) in the Indian state of West Bengal .
On April 21 , 1985 , Yad Vashem recognized Suzanne Spaak as Righteous Among the Nations .
Olle Hagnell was awarded the Rema Lapouse Award in 1978 for his scientific work with the Lundby Study and his contributions in the area of psychiatric epidemiology .
Kariamu Welsh is a contemporary dance choreographer and scholar whose awards include a National Endowment for the Arts and a Guggenheim Fellowship .
Brittany Andrews ( born Michelle Barry on August 13 , 1973 in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) is an American exotic dancer , pornographic actress , film producer , and club DJ . In 2008 , Andrews was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame .
Aleksandr Stolper was awarded Stalin Prize in 1949 and 1951 and received honorary title People 's Artist of the USSR in 1977 .
Essam El - Gindy ( also known as Essam El - Gendy and Esam Mohamed Ahmed Nagib ; born 14 July 1966 in Cairo ) is an Egyptian chess Grandmaster and FIDE Trainer .
Catherine - Dominique de Pérignon , 1st Marquis de Grenade ( May 31 , 1754 -- December 25 , 1818 ) was Marshal of France .
Jean de La Baume ( dead after 25 January 1435 ) was a Marshal of France from 1422
In 1958 , the Government of India honoured Devika Rani with a Padma Shri , the country 's fourth highest civilian honour .
Aracy de Carvalho Guimarães Rosa ( née Aracy Moebius de Carvalho ) ( December 5 , 1908 -- February 28 , 2011 ) was a Brazilian diplomatic clerk who has been recognized with the title of Righteous Among the Nations .
John Chipman Kerr VC ( January 11 , 1887 -- February 19 , 1963 ) , was a Canadian recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Charles Barthold is a news photographer for WHO - TV of Des Moines , Iowa , who won the 1976 Peabody Award for his film and photography of the Jordan Tornado in Jordan , Iowa .
Deepak B. Phatak , ( born 2 April 1948 ) is an Indian computer scientist and academic , and a recipient of the Padma Shri Award for his contribution in science and technology in 2013 .
Vladislav Volkov was decorated twice as the Hero of the Soviet Union ( first on October 22 , 1969 and posthumously on June 30 , 1971 ) .
In 1984 Anna Rosmus received the `` Geschwister - Scholl - Preis '' , a literary prize by the association of Bavaria 's Publishers and the City of Munich , for she `` has mustered the highly inconvenient courage to reject the ready - framed historical picture of her hometown . ''
Assault on Dome 4 is a 1997 American science - fiction film , starring Joseph Culp , Bruce Campbell , Jocelyn Seagrave , and Brion James .
Kya Love Story Hai ( English : What a Love Story ) is a 2007 Bollywood film starring Ayesha Takia and Tusshar Kapoor in the lead roles .
Villa Zone ( Bulgarian : Вилна зона / Vilna zona ) is a Bulgarian comedy - drama film released in 1975 , directed by Eduard Zahariev , starring Itzhak Fintzi , Katya Paskaleva , Naum Shopov , Anton Karastoyanov , Evstati Stratev , Valcho Kamarashev and Georgi Rusev .
Schiele in Prison is a 1980 British independent film directed by Mick Gold and starring David Suchet as Gustav Klimt , Grant Cathro as Egon Schiele and Nicholas Selby as The Judge .
My Own United States is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by John W. Noble and starring Arnold Daly , Charles Graham , and Duncan McRae .
State 's Evidence is an independent film created in 2004 and released in 2006 , directed by Benjamin Louis and starring Douglas Smith , Alexa Vega , Majandra Delfino , Kris Lemche , Cody McMains , and Drew Tyler Bell .
The Adventures of Aggie is a black - and - white sitcom starring Joan Shawlee that was made by ME Films and broadcast on ITV .
Now , Voyager is a 1942 American drama film starring Bette Davis , Paul Henreid , and Claude Rains , and directed by Irving Rapper .
Sadaa Suhagan is a 1986 Bollywood drama film produced by Vijay Soorma , Rajeev Kumar on Vidya Shree Films banner , directed by Tatineni Rama Rao and starring Jeetendra , Rekha , Govinda in the lead roles and music composed by Laxmikant Pyarelal .
Making of a Male Model is a 1983 American television film starring Joan Collins and Jon - Erik Hexum .
False Servant ( French : La Fausse Suivante ) is a 2000 French comedy - drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot and starring Isabelle Huppert .
Baa Baaro Rasika ( Kannada : ಬಾ ಬಾರೋ ರಸಿಕ ) is a 2004 Indian Kannada - language romantic film starring Sunil Raoh , Ramya Krishna and Ashitha in the lead roles .
Jamie at Home is a British cookery programme presented by Jamie Oliver .
Ashokavana is an upcoming 2015 Kannada - language Indian feature film directed by Sam J Chaitanya , starring Mohan , Tejaswini Prakash , Harshavardhana and Komal Kumar .
Leatherheads is a 2008 American sports comedy film from Universal Pictures directed by and starring George Clooney .
Bombay Priyudu is a 1996 Telugu romance film , starring J. D. Chakravarthy and Rambha in the lead roles .
The Schorrsiegel Affair ( German : Die Sache mit Schorrsiegel ) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Jaap Speyer that featured Bernhard Goetzke , Walter Rilla and Anita Dorris .
Chattamtho Poratam ( Telugu : చట్టంతో పోరాటం , English : Fight with the Law ) is a 1985 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi in the lead role .
Dil Ka Rishta ( Hindi : दिल का रिश्ता , Urdu : دل کا رشتہ , English : Relationship of the heart ) is a Bollywood movie , directed by Naresh Malhotra and produced by Aditya Rai , Aishwarya Rai 's brother .
Il ragazzo che sorride ( Italian for The boy who smiles ) is a 1969 Italian musicarello film directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti and starring Al Bano and Susanna Martinková .
Women Love Diamonds is a 1927 black and white silent melodrama directed by Edmund Goulding and starring Pauline Starke , Owen Moore , and Lionel Barrymore .
Dancing with Time ( Tanz mit der Zeit ) is a film by Trevor Peters about the autobiography Dance Theater Zeit -- tanzen seit 1927 by Heike Hennig .
I Do n't Know Much , But I 'll Say Everything ( French : Je sais rien , mais je dirai tout ) is a 1973 French comedy film directed by Pierre Richard .
El extraño caso del doctor Fausto is a 1969 Spanish drama film directed by and starring Gonzalo Suárez .
Secret Service of the Imperial Court , also known as Police Pool of Blood , is a 1984 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and starring Bryan Leung .
Her Bitter Cup ( alternate title A Heart 's Crucible ) is a 1916 American silent film directed by Cleo Madison .
Lucky and Zorba ( Italian : La gabbianella e il gatto ; literally `` The Little Seagull and The Cat '' ) is a 1998 Italian traditional animation film directed by Enzo D'Alò , based on The Story of A Seagull and The Cat Who Taught Her To Fly by Luis Sepúlveda .
Adhe Neram Adhe Idam ( English : Same Time , Same Place ) is a 2009 Indian Tamil - language romantic drama film written and directed by M. Prabhu , which stars Jai and Vijayalakshmi in lead roles .
An Unreasonable Man is a 2006 documentary film that traces the life and career of political activist Ralph Nader , the founder of modern consumer protection in America and perennial presidential candidate .
Alan Ladd as Salty O'Rourke Gail Russell as Barbara Brooks William Demarest as Smitty Stanley Clements as Johnny Cates Bruce Cabot as Doc Baxter David Clyde as Square MacPherson
Dakhal ( The Occupation ) is a 1981 Indian Bengali film directed by Gautam Ghose , with Mamata Shankar , Robin Sen Gupta , Sunil Mukherjee and Sujal Roy Chowdhury in lead roles .
Young Lady Chatterley is 1977 erotic film starring Harlee McBride .
Heads Up , Charley ( German : Kopf hoch , Charly ! ) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Ellen Richter , Anton Pointner , and Michael Bohnen .
Queen of the Night Clubs is a 1929 American Pre - Code musical drama film produced and directed by Bryan Foy , distributed by Warner Bros. , and starring legendary nightclub hostess Texas Guinan .
Ghost Team One is a 2013 independent comedy horror film directed by Scott Rutherford and Ben Peyser , and starring Carlos Santos and J.R. Villarreal as two room - mates who flat in a haunted apartment .
Zoltán Latinovits , as Szindbád Margit Dajka , as Majmunka Éva Ruttkai , as Lenke
Silvia Pérez as Silvana Rodrigo de la Serna as José Érica Rivas as Ana Sofia Gala as Maria Luisa Carmen Maura as Alone , a literary critic and Tetro 's mentor .
Japanil Kalyanaraman ( Kalyanaraman in Japan ) is a 1985 Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist .
Meet Nero Wolfe ( 1936 ) At the West Hills Golf Club in Westchester , E.J. Kimball ( Walter Kingsford ) and his son Manuel ( Russell Hardie ) are welcomed into the party of elderly Professor Barstow ( Boyd Irwin Sr . ) and his prospective son - in - law Claude Roberts ( Victor Jory ) .
The Cow 's Kimona is a 1926 American film starring Glenn Tryon and featuring Oliver Hardy .
Anthropophagous 2000 is a 1999 German horror film directed by Andreas Schnaas , and written by Karl - Heinz Geisendorf .
She 'll Follow You Anywhere is a 1971 British comedy film directed by David C. Rea and starring Kenneth Cope , Keith Barron and Richard Vernon .
Julie Johnson is a 2001 independent American drama film directed by Bob Gosse , and starring Lili Taylor , Courtney Love , and Mischa Barton .
Skibet er ladet med is a 1960 Danish comedy film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Kjeld Petersen .
The Crazy Companies ( Chinese : 最佳損友 ) is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing , and starring Andy Lau and Natalis Chan .
Celebrity guests in attendance for the Chicago portion of WrestleMania 2 included Clara Peller , Dick Butkus , Ed Jones , Ozzy Osbourne , Bill Fralic , Ernie Holmes , Harvey Martin , Jim Covert , Russ Francis , William Perry , and Cathy Lee Crosby .
Peace to Us in Our Dreams ( Lithuanian : Ramybė mūsų sapnuose ) is a 2015 Lithuanian drama film written , directed by and starring Šarūnas Bartas .
Street Scenes , also known as Street Scenes 1970 is a documentary directed by Martin Scorsese .
The Gold of Naples ( Italian : L'oro di Napoli ( ˈlɔːro di ˈnaːpoli ) ) is a 1954 Italian anthology film directed by Vittorio De Sica .
Beyond the Curtain is a 1960 British drama film written and directed by Compton Bennett and starring Richard Greene and Eva Bartok .
Mazhavillu is a 1999 Malayalam romance film by Dinesh Baboo , based on his own Kannada movie Amrutha Varshini , with Kunchako Boban , Preeti Jhangiani and Vineeth as lead actors .
A Decree of Destiny is a 1911 American short silent romantic drama film directed by D. W. Griffith , starring Mary Pickford and featuring Blanche Sweet .
Ram Aur Shyam has music by Naushad and lyrics by Shakeel Badayuni , it stars Dilip Kumar , Pran , Waheeda Rehman , Mumtaz , Nirupa Roy .
Sapoot ( English : Worthy Son ) is 1996 Hindi action movie directed by Jagdish A. Sharma and starring Akshay Kumar , Sunil Shetty , Karishma Kapoor , Sonali Bendre .
Silent Heart ( Danish : Stille hjerte , Quiet heart ) is a 2014 Danish drama film directed by Bille August , and starring Ghita Nørby , Morten Grunwald , Paprika Steen , and Jens Albinus .
Heart of Virginia is a 1948 American sports drama film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Janet Martin , Robert Lowery and Frankie Darro .
Brain of Blood ( also known as The Creature 's Revenge , The Oozing Skull , and The Undying Brain ) is a 1971 American horror film directed by Al Adamson and starring Grant Williams , Kent Taylor , and Reed Hadley .
Our Dancing Daughters is a 1928 American silent drama film , starring Joan Crawford and John Mack Brown , about the `` loosening of youth morals '' that took place during the 1920s .
Whispering Smith Hits London , released in the United States as Whispering Smith vs. Scotland Yard is a 1952 British mystery film directed by Francis Searle and starring Richard Carlson , Greta Gynt and Herbert Lom .
Flirting with Forty is a 2008 Lifetime movie , starring Heather Locklear and Robert Buckley .
Fortune 's Mask is a 1922 American drama film starring Earle Williams and featuring Oliver Hardy .
Calling All Stars is a 1937 British musical comedy film directed by Herbert Smith and starring Arthur Askey , Evelyn Dall and Max Bacon .
Marinos Kontaras ( Manos Katrakis ) is a pirate in the Aegean who falls in love with Lemoni and abducts her .
X+Y , released in the US as A Brilliant Young Mind , is a 2014 British drama film directed by Morgan Matthews starring Asa Butterfield , Rafe Spall , and Sally Hawkins .
A Bell for Adano ( 1945 ) is a film directed by Henry King starring John Hodiak and Gene Tierney .
Parayanumvayya Parayathirikkanumvayya is a 1985 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan for producer Anand , starring Mammootty , Shankar and Menaka with Mohanlal in a guest appearance .
Sunchaser ( titled on - screen as The Sunchaser ) is a 1996 film directed by Michael Cimino and starring Woody Harrelson , Jon Seda and Anne Bancroft .
Agence matrimoniale ( original title `` Matrimonial Agency '' ) is a French comedy drama film from 1952 , directed by Jean - Paul Le Chanois , written by Jean - Paul Le Chanois , starring Bernard Blier and Louis de Funès .
Urban Justice ( released in the United Kingdom as Renegade Justice ) is a 2007 American action film directed by Don E. Fauntleroy and produced by Steven Seagal , who also starred in the lead role .
Mahaul Theek Hai ( 1999 ) is a Punjabi comedy film directed by Indian filmmaker Jaspal Bhatti .
Ekadantha ( Kannada : ಏಕದಂತ ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language comedy - drama film starring Vishnuvardhan , Prema and Ramesh Aravind in the lead roles .
Villa for Sale ( Hungarian : Ez a villa eladó ) is a 1935 Hungarian comedy film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Ernő Verebes , Ida Turay and Gyula Kabos .
Paris Trout is a 1991 drama film directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal , starring Dennis Hopper , Barbara Hershey , and Ed Harris .
Kalyana Galatta ( Tamil : கல்யாண கலாட்டா ) is a 1998 Indian Tamil comedy film written and directed by Rajkapoor , starring Sathyaraj , Mantra and Khushboo in lead roles .
Pachakuthira ( translation : Grasshopper ) is a 2006 Malayalam comedy - drama film directed by Kamal and starring Dileep and Gopika .
Dus Tola ( English : Ten Tola units ) is a 2010 Indian Hindi comedy drama film , remade from the Hit Malayalam film of the 80s Ponmuttayidunna Tharavu , directed by Ajoy Varma and starring Manoj Bajpai in the lead role .
The Bandit of Zhobe is a 1959 British CinemaScope adventure film directed by John Gilling and starring Victor Mature , Anne Aubrey and Anthony Newley .
Janda Pai Kapiraju ( English : Monkey King on the Flag ) is a 2015 Indian Telugu action film written and directed by Samuthirakani featuring Nani and Amala Paul in the lead roles .
Cowboys Cry for It 1925 is a short film comedy starring Stan Laurel .
Goodbye Promise is an improvised independent feature film , directed by web source / radio show Film Courage co - creator David Branin , and stars Gregor Collins .
Kid Glove Killer is a 1942 crime film starring Van Heflin as a criminologist investigating the murder of a mayor .
A Prize of Arms is a 1962 British crime film directed by Cliff Owen and starring Stanley Baker , Helmut Schmid , Patrick Magee and Tom Bell with early appearances by several actors including Fulton Mackay , Tom Adams and Rodney Bewes .
Greased Lightning is a 1977 American biographical film , starring Richard Pryor , Beau Bridges , and Pam Grier , and directed by Michael Schultz .
Go West , Young Lady is a 1941 Western comedy film , starring Penny Singleton , Glenn Ford and Ann Miller ; it was directed by Frank R. Strayer .
Malik Ek is a Hindi spiritual film on Sai Baba of Shirdi featuring Jackie Shroff , Manoj Kumar and Divya Dutta .
Chor Aur Chaand is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film directed by Pavan Kaul and produced by Aditya Pancholi .
The Kentuckian is a 1955 Technicolor and CinemaScope adventure film directed by Burt Lancaster , who also starred .
A Gnome Named Gnorm ( also known in some markets as Upworld ) is a 1990 fantasy comedy film directed by Stan Winston and starring Anthony Michael Hall , Jerry Orbach and Claudia Christian .
The Empty Beach is a 1985 Australian thriller film starring Bryan Brown as private investigator Cliff Hardy inquires into the disappearance of a beautiful woman 's wealthy husband from Bondi Beach .
Karate for Life ( Japanese : 空手バカ一代 , Karate Baka Ichidai ) is a 1977 Japanese martial arts film about the martial arts master Mas Oyama starring Sonny Chiba .
The drama basically revolves around Nigah ( Aaminah Haq ) and Jawad ( Noman Aijaz ) who , falling in love soon after their first meeting , plan to get married .
Up the River ( 1930 ) is a Pre - Code comedy film about escaped convicts , directed by John Ford and starring Spencer Tracy and Humphrey Bogart in their feature film debuts .
Punnaram Cholli Cholli is a 1985 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan , starring reigning star and romantic hero of 80 's Shankar and Rahman respectively .
Murderers Club of Brooklyn ( German : Der Mörderclub von Brooklyn ) is a 1967 German thriller film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring George Nader , Heinz Weiss and Karel Stepanek .
The Charge of the Gauchos ( Argentine title : Una nueva y gloriosa nación ) is a 1928 American - Argentine silent historical film directed by Albert H. Kelley and starring Francis X. Bushman , Jacqueline Logan and Guido Trento .
A Mother 's Confession is a 1915 silent film written and directed by Ivan Abramson , and starring Christine Mayo and Austin Webb .
Mr. 3000 is a 2004 American sports comedy film starring Bernie Mac and Angela Bassett .
The Fairy ( French : La Fée ) is a 2011 French - Belgian comedy film written and directed by Dominique Abel , Fiona Gordon and Bruno Romy .
Stella Does Tricks is a 1996 film about a young Glaswegian girl , played by Kelly Macdonald , working as a prostitute in London .
Sitapur Ki Geeta is a 1987 Hindi movie which stars Hema Malini , Rajesh Khanna and Pran .
The Cameo of the Yellowstone is a 1914 American silent short Western directed by Sidney Ayres starring William Garwood and Harry De Vere .
Conductor 786 is a 1912 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood , Riley Chamberlin , Jean Darnell .
Plaguers is a 2008 American science - fiction horror film written and directed by Brad Sykes and featuring Steve Railsback .
Sicilian Uprising or Sicilian Vespers ( Italian : Vespro siciliano ) is a 1949 Italian historical drama film directed by Giorgio Pastina and starring Marina Berti , Clara Calamai and Roldano Lupi .
On the Roofs ( French : Sur les toits ( cambrioleurs et gendarmes ) ) is an 1897 French short silent comedy film , directed by Georges Méliès .
Crosstrap is a 1962 British B - movie crime film starring Laurence Payne , Jill Adams and Gary Cockrell and marking the directorial debut of Robert Hartford - Davis .
Early Doors is a BBC sitcom written by Craig Cash and Phil Mealey who also appear in the series playing best friends Joe and Duffy .
My Geisha is a 1962 American comedy film directed by Jack Cardiff , starring Yves Montand , Shirley MacLaine , and Edward G. Robinson , and released by Paramount Pictures .
His rendition of `` Trouble '' impresses Charlie LeGrand ( Paul Stewart ) , the honest owner of the King Creole nightclub , the only nightspot in the area not owned by Maxie ; impressed , LeGrand offers Danny a job as a singer at his club .
Här kommer bärsärkarna is a 1965 Swedish adventure film directed by Arne Mattsson and starring Carl - Gustaf Lindstedt .
Christmas Cupid is a television film starring Christina Milian , Ashley Benson and Chad Michael Murray and directed by Gil Junger .
Zweiohrküken ( lit . Two - eared chick , English title : Rabbit Without Ears 2 ) is a 2009 German romantic comedy film , written , produced and directed by Til Schweiger .
The Prisoner of Shark Island is a 1936 film loosely based on the life of Samuel Mudd , produced by Darryl F. Zanuck , directed by John Ford , and starring Warner Baxter and Gloria Stuart .
Close to My Heart is a 1951 Warner Bros. drama directed by William Keighley , written by James R. Webb ( based on his novel A Baby for Midge ) , and starring Ray Milland and Gene Tierney .
Good Sam is a 1948 American romantic comedy - drama film starring Gary Cooper as a Good Samaritan who is helpful to others at the expense of his own family .
One Rainy Afternoon is a 1936 American romantic comedy film directed by Rowland V. Lee , starring Francis Lederer and Ida Lupino , and featuring Hugh Herbert , Roland Young and Erik Rhodes .
Child of Rage is a CBS Television movie made in 1992 starring Ashley Peldon and Mel Harris .
Kannupada Poguthaiya ( Tamil : கண்ணுபடப்போகுதைய்யா ; English : People Will Get Jealous , Sir ) is a 1999 Tamil film starring Vijayakanth , Simran , Karan and directed by Barathi Ganesh .
The Delicate Delinquent is a 1957 American comedy film starring Jerry Lewis .
See No Evil 2 is a 2014 slasher film directed by the Soska sisters , written by Nathan Brookes and Bobby Lee Darby , produced by Michael Luisi , and starring Danielle Harris , Katharine Isabelle and professional wrestler Kane .
Satluj De Kandhe ( Punjabi : ਸਤਲੁਜ ਦੇ ਕੰਢੇ ) , also spelled as Satluj De Kande , is a 1964 National Award winning Punjabi romantic film directed by M. M. Billoo Mehra and produced by Padam Prakash Maheshwary , starring Balraj Sahni and Nishi in lead roles .
Please Murder Me is a 1956 American film noir film directed by Peter Godfrey , and starring Angela Lansbury and Raymond Burr .
Destiny 's Toy is a surviving 1916 American silent film written and directed by John B. O'Brien and starring Louise Huff .
The Eyes of Julia Deep is a 1918 American silent comedy - drama film starring Mary Miles Minter , directed by Lloyd Ingraham .
The Next Karate Kid ( aka The Karate Kid Part IV ) is a 1994 American martial arts drama film starring Pat Morita and Hilary Swank .
Soho Incident , released in the United States as Spin a Dark Web , is a 1956 British film noir directed by Vernon Sewell starring Faith Domergue and Lee Patterson .
Money Train is a 1995 American action film starring Wesley Snipes , Woody Harrelson and Jennifer Lopez as New York City transit cops and Robert Blake as their iron - fisted boss .
The Case of the Frightened Lady is a 1940 British , black - and - white , crime , drama , mystery thriller , directed by George King and starring Ronald Shiner as Detective Sergeant Totty , Felix Aylmer , Helen Haye and Marius Goring .
Hvis lille pige er du ? is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ghita Nørby .
A Small Southern Enterprise ( Italian : Una piccola impresa meridionale ) is a 2013 Italian comedy film written , directed and starred by Rocco Papaleo .
Invisible Ghost ( 1941 ) is an American horror film starring Bela Lugosi , shot in black and white , and directed by Joseph H. Lewis .
Dancin ' thru the Dark is a 1990 British film directed by Mike Ockrent and written by Willy Russell , based on the play Stags and Hens by the same author and starring Con O'Neill , Claire Hackett , Simon O'Brien , Julia Deakin , Marji Campi , Colin Welland and Mark Womack .
My Boss is a 2012 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Jeethu Joseph , starring Dileep and Mamta Mohandas in the lead roles and Mukesh in a cameo appearance .
I Think I Do is a 1997 American gay - themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Brian Sloan and starring Alexis Arquette .
Summer Love Love ( Chinese : 夏日恋神马 or Chinese : 戀夏戀夏戀戀下 ) is a Chinese / Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wilson Kwok - wai Chin and starring Alex Fong , Owodog , Terence Siufay , Elanne Kong , Viann Zhang , Izumi Liu , and Carol Yeung .
Eagle Eye is a 2008 American science fiction - action film directed by D. J. Caruso and starring Shia LaBeouf , Michelle Monaghan and Billy Bob Thornton .
Sentinels of Bronze ( Italian : Sentinelle di bronzo ) is a 1937 Italian war film directed by Romolo Marcellini and starring Fosco Giachetti , Giovanni Grasso and Doris Duranti .
Die Another Day , produced by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli , and directed by Lee Tamahori , marked the James Bond franchise 's 40th anniversary .
The Water Diviner is a 2014 American - Australian historical fictional war drama film directed by and starring Russell Crowe in his directorial debut .
Totò nella luna ( internationally released as Toto in the Moon ) is a 1958 Italian comedy film written and directed by Steno .
Sesham is a 2002 Malayalam language drama film written and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar with Jayaram , Geethu Mohandas , Biju Menon and P. Balachandran in the star cast .
Storm Catcher ( aka Mission Storm Catcher ) is a 1999 American action film starring Dolph Lundgren and directed by Tony Hickox , who also co - stars in the film .
Lying Lips is a 1939 , melodrama , race film by Oscar Micheaux , starring Edna Mae Harris , and Robert Earl Jones ( the father of James Earl Jones ) .
Rhythm , Salt and Pepper ( Spanish : Ritmo , sal y pimienta ) is a 1951 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Carlos Torres Ríos and starring Lolita Torres , Ricardo Passano and María Esther Gamas .
Peter Voss , Hero of the Day ( German : Peter Voss , der Held des Tages ) is a 1959 West German comedy crime film directed by Georg Marischka and starring O.W. Fischer , Linda Christian and Walter Giller .
Santa , Jr. is a TV movie starring Lauren Holly and Judd Nelson .
Prayer of the Rollerboys is a 1990 independent science fiction film directed by Rick King and starring Corey Haim and Patricia Arquette .
The Hitman is a 1991 action / crime film starring Chuck Norris .
Vivre ensemble is a 1973 French drama film written , directed by and starring Anna Karina .
Sadie McKee is a 1934 American Pre - Code romantic drama film directed by Clarence Brown , starring Joan Crawford , and featuring Gene Raymond , Franchot Tone , Edward Arnold , and Esther Ralston .
Fatal Bond is a 1992 Australian ' B ' grade and thriller film , directed by Vince Monton , starring Linda Blair and Jerome Ehlers .
Dead Men Tell is a 1941 mystery film starring Sidney Toler , who played Charlie Chan in 22 feature films , beginning with Charlie Chan in Honolulu ( 1938 ) , and ending with The Trap ( 1946 ) .
The Borrower is a 1991 American science fiction horror film directed by John McNaughton and starring Rae Dawn Chong , Tom Towles and Antonio Fargas .
The Source Family is a 2012 feature documentary film directed by Jodi Wille and Maria Demopoulos that recounts the story of Father Yod , Ya Ho Wa 13 and the Source Family .
Kulapathy is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Nahas and starring Vijayakumar and Anusha in lead roles .
Dunston Checks In is a 1996 American family comedy film starring Eric Lloyd , Graham Sack , Jason Alexander , Faye Dunaway , Rupert Everett , Paul Reubens , Glenn Shadix , and introducing Sam the Orangutan as Dunston .
Lights Camera Dead is an American independent horror comedy film , directed by Indie filmmaker Tim Reaper and stars Richard Christy .
Thendral Sudum is a 1989 Indian Tamil language film starring Nizhalgal Ravi , Raadhika Sarathkumar and Senthil
The Love God ? is a 1969 Universal Pictures feature film starring Don Knotts and film was written and directed by Nat Hiken , who died after it was shot but before it was released in theaters .
The Bit Part is a 1987 Australian comedy film starring Chris Haywood and Nicole Kidman .
Struggling Hearts ( Hungarian : Vergödö szívek ) is a 1916 Hungarian drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Lili Berky , Gyula Gál and Alajos Mészáros .
Tarzan and the Slave Girl is a 1950 film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan , Vanessa Brown as Jane , and Robert Alda as big game hunter Neil .
The Stand Up is a 2011 American comedy / drama film written and directed by David Wexler and stars Jonathan Sollis , Margarita Levieva , Arija Bareikis , and Aidan Quinn .
Mademoiselle ma mère ( English : My Mother Is a Miss ) is a 1936 French comedy film directed by Henri Decoin , and starring Danielle Darrieux , Pierre Brasseur and Pierre Larquey .
Gundello Godari / Maranthen Mannithen is a 2013 Telugu - Tamil bilingual film directed by Kumar Nagendra and produced by Lakshmi Manchu .
Blatty retained Jason Miller , who had played Father Karras in The Exorcist , for The Ninth Configuration .
Meerabai Not Out , based on cricket , is a 2008 Hindi Bollywood film that stars Mahesh Manjrekar , Mandira Bedi , Eijaz Khan and Anupam Kher .
Twelve Miles Out is a 1927 silent drama film starring John Gilbert and Joan Crawford .
Ridin ' on a Rainbow is a 1941 American Western musical film directed by Lew Landers and starring Gene Autry , Smiley Burnette , and Mary Lee .
Those Country Kids is a 1914 American short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle and Mabel Normand , and directed by Fatty Arbuckle .
Física o Química started its seventh season with the departure of Nuria González , Úrsula Corberó , Angy Fernández and José Manuel Seda .
The Underworld Story is a 1950 American film noir directed by Cy Endfield and featuring Dan Duryea , Herbert Marshall , and Gale Storm .
Appointment with Murder is a 1948 American crime film directed by Jack Bernhard and starring John Calvert , Catherine Craig and Jack Reitzen .
Three Maxims is a 1936 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle , Tullio Carminati and Leslie Banks .
Love @ First Note is a 2006 Hong Kong teen romance film , written , produced and directed by Dennis Law , and starring Alex Fong , Justin Lo , and Kary Ng .
Pra Quem Fica , Tchau ( English : `` For those who stay , bye bye '' ) is a 1971 Brazilian comedy film directed by and starring Reginaldo Faria .
Onkel Joakims hemmelighed ( also known as Nyhavns glade gutter ) is a 1967 Danish family film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Gunnar Lauring .
Deadline Auto Theft is a 1983 independent film written and directed by H.B ' Toby ' Halicki , made up of scenes from Gone in 60 Seconds and The Junkman , as well as new material featuring Hoyt Axton .
Anbu Thangai is a Tamil language film directed by SP . Muthuraman , starring Muthuraman and Jayalalitha in the lead roles .
Uneasy Virtue is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Norman Walker and starring Fay Compton , Edmund Breon , Francis Lister , Donald Calthrop , and Garry Marsh .
Tail Lights Fade is a 1999 movie directed by Malcolm Ingram and starring Denise Richards , Jake Busey , Breckin Meyer , Elizabeth Berkley , Jason Mewes , and Lisa Marie .
The original pilot for what would become The Baseball Bunch was filmed at Pepperdine University in Los Angeles in 1980 , and did not originally include The San Diego Chicken ( Ted Giannoulas ) .
Changing Rooms was originally hosted by Carol Smillie , and assisting with the remodelling was a Cockney carpenter , `` Handy '' Andy Kane .
Miss Mary is a 1986 drama film directed by María Luisa Bemberg and starring Julie Christie , Nacha Guevara and Eduardo Pavlovsky .
I Can Hear Your Voice ( Hangul : 너의 목소리가 들려 ; RR : Neoui Moksoriga Deulryeo ) is a 2013 South Korean television series starring Lee Jong - suk , Lee Bo - young , Yoon Sang - hyun and Lee Da - hee .
Crazy to Act is a 1927 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Holiday Affair is a black - and - white 1949 light romantic comedy film starring Robert Mitchum and Janet Leigh .
Troyee is a 1982 Bengali - language Indian feature film directed by Gautam Mukherjee , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Soumitra Bannerjee , Debasree Roy , Anil Chatterjee and Manik Dutt .
Rich Man , Poor Girl is a 1938 Comedy directed by Reinhold Schünzel , starring Robert Young , Ruth Hussey and Lew Ayres .
Going Overboard is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Valerie Breiman , and stars Adam Sandler in his film debut , Burt Young , Allen Covert , Billy Zane , Terry Moore , Milton Berle and Billy Bob Thornton in a small role .
Revenge of the Stolen Stars is a 1985 American comedy fantasy film directed by Ulli Lommel and starring Klaus Kinski , Suzanna Love , Barry Hickey and Ulli Lommel .
Ved verdens ende ( At World 's End ) is a 2009 Danish action comedy film directed by Tomas Villum Jensen and starring Nikolaj Lie Kaas , Birgitte Hjort Sørensen and Nikolaj Coster - Waldau .
Bobby Stewart as Baby Bambi Donnie Dunagan as Young Bambi Hardie Albright as Adolescent Bambi John Sutherland as Young Adult Bambi Thumper , a friend of Bambi 's :
Under the Same Moon ( Spanish : La misma luna ) is a 2007 Mexican - American drama film in Spanish and English directed by Patricia Riggen and starring Adrián Alonso , Kate del Castillo , and Eugenio Derbez .
Aayiram Naavulla Ananthan ( English : Anandan who has 1000 tongues ) is a 1996 Malayalam film by Thulasidas starring Mammootty , Murali and Gauthami .
My Name Is Bruce is a 2007 American comedy film , directed , co - produced by and starring B movie cult actor Bruce Campbell .
Wild Geese Calling is a 1941 film made by 20th Century - Fox , directed by John Brahm and starring Henry Fonda and Joan Bennett .
Ring Master is a 2014 Malayalam comedy film written and directed by Rafi starring Dileep in the role of an animal trainer in circus .
Buffalo Bill in Tomahawk Territory is a 1952 Western starring Clayton Moore .
George B. Seitz - Velvet Fingers Marguerite Courtot - Lorna George Harry Semels - Professor Robin Lucille Lennox - Clara Frank Redman - Pinky Thomas Carr - Mickey ( as Tommy Carr ) Joe Cuny - Needless Smith Al Franklin Thomas Edward Elkas
Where Got Ghost ? ( traditional Chinese : 嚇到笑 ; simplified Chinese : 吓到笑 ; pinyin : Xià Dào Xiào ) is a Singaporean omnibus comedy horror film directed by Jack Neo and Boris Boo .
Immortal Waltz ( German : Unsterblicher Walzer ) is a 1939 historical film directed by E.W. Emo and starring Paul Hörbiger , Dagny Servaes and Maria Andergast .
The Call of the Canyon is a 1923 American Western silent film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Richard Dix , Lois Wilson , and Marjorie Daw .
Strange Gods ( original title , Los dioses ajenos ) is a 1958 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and starring Enrique Fava and Olga Zubarry .
Ms. 45 , also known as Angel of Vengeance , is a 1981 American low - budget exploitation suspense film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Zoë Tamerlis Lund .
Killer Darts is a 1968 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and starring Yueh Hua and Chin Ping .
Cubbyhouse is a 2001 Australian horror film , directed by Murray Fahey and starring Joshua Leonard ( of The Blair Witch Project fame ) and Belinda McClory ( The Matrix ) .
Start Cheering is a 1938 musical motion picture starring Jimmy Durante , Walter Connolly and Joan Perry .
Treasure of the Golden Condor ( 1953 ) is an American Technicolor film directed by Delmer Daves , starring Cornel Wilde and Constance Smith , and released by Twentieth Century Fox .
Bring It On Again is a 2004 direct - to - video cheerleading comedy film directed by Damon Santostefano and starring Anne Judson - Yager and Bree Turner .
The Book of Eli is a 2010 American post - apocalyptic neo - Western and action film directed by the Hughes brothers , written by Gary Whitta , and starring Denzel Washington , Gary Oldman , Mila Kunis , Ray Stevenson , and Jennifer Beals .
Nachtrit ( English Night Run or Night Ride ) is a 2006 Netherlands thriller film about the tribulations of an Amsterdam taxi - driver , played by Frank Lammers .
Bananaz is a 2008 British documentary film directed by Ceri Levy about Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett 's alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz .
Gefährdete Mädchen is a 1958 German film , directed by Wolfgang Gluck , starring Gerlinde Locker , Wolf Albach Retty and Sigrid Marquardt .
Saturday 's Millions is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film starring Robert Young , Andy Devine , Leila Hyams and Johnny Mack Brown .
Magic Trip is a 2011 documentary film directed by Alison Ellwood and Alex Gibney , about Ken Kesey , Neal Cassady , and the Merry Pranksters .
The Puzzle of the Red Orchid ( German : Das Rätsel der roten Orchidee and also known as The Secret of the Red Orchid ) is a 1962 West German black - and - white crime film directed by Helmut Ashley and starring Christopher Lee .
Hollywood , City of Dreams ( Spanish : Hollywood , ciudad de ensueno ) is a 1931 American drama film directed by George Crone and starring José Bohr , Lia Torá and Donald Reed .
Jack Douglas is the only actor to bridge the gap between Carry On Emmannuelle and Carry On Columbus .
Satan 's Playground stars Felissa Rose , Ellen Sandweiss , and Edwin Neal .
Further Up the Creek is a 1958 British comedy film written and directed by Val Guest and starring David Tomlinson , Frankie Howerd , Shirley Eaton , Thora Hird , Desmond Llewelyn and Lionel Jeffries .
Sad Loves ( Italian : Tristi amori ) is a 1943 Italian historical drama film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Jules Berry , Gino Cervi and Andrea Checchi .
Billy Frankenstein tells the story of a kid named Billy Frank ( Jordan Lamoureux ) , who is related to the distant Victor Frankenstein , along with his artistic mother , Sandy ( Melissa Williamson ) and workaholic father George ( Daran Norris ) .
At the Edge of Things is a 1915 American silent short drama film starring Jack Richardson , Louise Lester , Vivian Rich , Harry von Meter and David Lythgoe .
At Midnight is a 1913 American silent short film written by Gordon V. May starring Harry Van Meter , Violet Neitz , Louise Lester , Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich .
The Road to Singapore is a 1931 American Pre - Code romantic drama film starring William Powell and Doris Kenyon , who play two thirds of a romantic triangle , along with Louis Calhern .
All About Anna is a Danish film released in 2005 , directed by Jessica Nilsson and starring Gry Bay and Mark Stevens .
High Crimes is a 2002 American thriller film directed by Carl Franklin and starring Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman , reunited from the 1997 film Kiss the Girls .
Kallu Sakkare ( Kannada : ಕಲ್ಲುಸಕ್ಕರೆ ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by Kalyan Kumar .
Shadows Run Black is a 1984 crime thriller directed by Howard Heard and starring Kevin Costner .
Torchy Gets Her Man is a 1938 drama directed by William Beaudine , starring Glenda Farrell and Barton MacLane .
Find Your Man is a 1924 American silent action drama film starring Rin Tin Tin and June Marlowe .
Parinamam ( English : The Change ) is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. Venu , starring Nedumudi Venu , Madampu Kunjukuttan and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles .
The Happy Thieves is a 1961 American crime / comedy - drama film starring Rex Harrison and Rita Hayworth and directed by George Marshall .
Our Miss Doctor ( German : Unser Fräulein Doktor ) is a 1940 German comedy film directed by Erich Engel and starring Jenny Jugo , Albert Matterstock and Heinz Salfner .
The Innocent Sleep is a 1996 British thriller film directed by Scott Michell and starring Rupert Graves , Michael Gambon and Franco Nero .
Lonesome Luke , Messenger is a 1917 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd .
Three Young Texans is a 1954 Western film starring Jeffrey Hunter and Mitzi Gaynor .
Sehar ( 2005 ) is an Indian Hindi language action crime drama film directed by Kabeer Kaushik , starring Arshad Warsi , Pankaj Kapur , Sushant Singh and Mahima Chaudhary .
The Woman Under Oath is a 1919 silent film mystery directed by John M. Stahl and starring stage star Florence Reed .
After wandering into an abandoned mine , Gage finds a creature that calls itself Munchie ( voiced by Dom DeLuise ) .
Roscoe ' Fatty ' Arbuckle as Gasoline Gus Lila Lee as Sal Jo Banty Charles Ogle as Nate Newberry Theodore Lorch as Dry Check Charlie Wilton Taylor as Judge Shortridge Knute Erickson as ' Scrap Iron ' Swenson Fred Huntley
Admirals All ( 1935 ) is a British comedy film directed by Victor Hanbury and starring Wynne Gibson , Gordon Harker , Anthony Bushell and George Curzon .
Branding Broadway is a 1918 American western film directed by and starring William S. Hart , written by C. Gardner Sullivan , and produced by Thomas H. Ince and Hart .
Water for Canitoga ( German : Wasser für Canitoga ) is a 1939 German western film directed by Herbert Selpin and starring Hans Albers , Charlotte Susa and Hans Mierendorff .
Passion of Mind is a 2000 American psychological romantic drama film starring Demi Moore .
Sam Bottoms as Eliot Wade , Marilyn 's husband , Jessica and Jimmy 's father , and the toy maker and manufacturer of the `` Dolly Dearest '' toy factory .
Claudia Cardinale - Claretta Petacci Giuliano Gemma - Marcello Petacci Caterina Boratto :
The Warrior 's Way is a 2010 New Zealand - South Korean fantasy action film written and directed by Sngmoo Lee and starring Jang Dong - gun , Kate Bosworth , Geoffrey Rush , Danny Huston and Tony Cox .
The Devil 's Bait is an extant 1917 dramatic silent feature film starring Ruth Roland , an actress usually associated with serials .
So Long at the Fair ( US re - release title The Black Curse ) is a 1950 British thriller film directed by Terence Fisher and Anthony Darnborough , and starring Jean Simmons and Dirk Bogarde .
Ladies in Retirement is an American 1941 film noir directed by Charles Vidor , and starring Ida Lupino and Louis Hayward .
Fist of Fear , Touch of Death , also known as The Dragon and the Cobra , is a 1980 martial arts film set at the `` 1979 World Karate Championships '' at Madison Square Garden that will supposedly determine the `` successor '' to Bruce Lee .
Manikyakkallu ( Malayalam : മാണിക്യക്കല്ല് , Māṇikyakkallŭ ? ) is a 2011 Malayalam drama film directed by M. Mohanan and starring Prithviraj and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles .
Marty Whelan stepped into Aidan 's shoes , co - hosting the 2009/10 series with Kathryn , which aired from 12 September 2009 ( reverting to its original name Winning Streak ) until 29 May 2010 .
The Swiss Conspiracy is a 1976 action film starring David Janssen , Senta Berger and Elke Sommer , and directed by Jack Arnold .
The series was directed by Chuck Jones and other prominent Hollywood animators , and the voice of Private Snafu was performed by Mel Blanc .
The Song of the Sun ( Italian : La canzone del sole ) is a 1933 Italian - German film directed by Max Neufeld and starring Vittorio De Sica .
Switching Goals is a 1999 television movie starring Mary - Kate and Ashley Olsen .
Gregory 's Girl is a 1981 Scottish coming - of - age romantic comedy film written and directed by Bill Forsyth and starring John Gordon Sinclair , Dee Hepburn and Clare Grogan .
College Ranga ( Kannada : ಕಾಲೇಜು ರಂಗ English : The College Stage ) is a 1976 Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal , based on a novel by B. G. L. Swamy of the same name , and starring Kalyan Kumar , Jayasimha , Leelavathi .
Fight Harm is an abandoned project by Harmony Korine filmed in 1999 .
Buddhuram Dhol Duniya Gol is an upcoming Bengali film directed by Narayan Roy starring Mithun Chakraborty along with Rupa Ganguly and Victor Banerjee .
Lua de Cristal ( English : Crystal Moon ) is a 1990 Brazilian comedy - romance film directed by Tizuka Yamasaki , and starring Xuxa Meneghel .
Kings of Devon is a 2010 Indian dark comedy film written , produced , and directed by Rahsaan Islam .
Karamdaata is an action film , featuring Shammi Kapoor , Mithun Chakraborty , Amrita Singh , Shakti Kapoor , Jagdeep , Kiran Kumar and Dina Pathak
A.k.a . Cassius Clay ( styled as a.k.a . Cassius Clay ) is a 1970 boxing documentary film about the former heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali .
They Did n't Know is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Herbert Smith and starring Eve Gray , Leslie Perrins and Kenneth Villiers .
Boogie Boy is a 1998 film featuring Traci Lords as Shonda .
Georgootty C / O Georgootty ( Malayalam : ജോര്ജ്ജൂട്ടി C / O ജോര്ജ്ജൂട്ടി ) is a 1991 Malayalam -- language romantic comedy / drama film starring Jayaram , Sunitha and Thilakan in major roles .
Varanamalyam is a 1994 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Vijay P Nair , starring Siddique and Shanthi Krishna in the lead roles .
Aaron Cohen 's Debt ( Hebrew : חובו של אהרון כהן‎ ) is a non - linear , fact based 1999 Israeli film starring Moshe Ivgy as Aaron Cohen , a father abruptly taken into custody at his birthday party by police for one child - support payment which he does not believe he owes .
We Must Do Our Best ( 1909 ) is an American black - and - white film which featured Kenneth Casey and the first ever appearance of Moe Howard from the Three Stooges ( In the film he played the bully , known as Harry Horrowitz ) .
The Road to Glory is a 1936 dramatic film depiction of World War I trench warfare in France directed by Howard Hawks , starring Fredric March , Warner Baxter , Lionel Barrymore and June Lang , and produced by Twentieth Century Fox .
Donga Dongadi is a 2004 Telugu action comedy film written and directed by Subramaniam Siva , produced by NV Prasad and Sanam Naga Ashok Kumar under Sri Saideva Productions banner and starring Manoj Manchu and Sadha in lead roles .
Any Man 's Death is a 1990 South African thriller - drama film directed by Tom Clegg and starring John Savage , William Hickey , Mia Sara and Ernest Borgnine .
Love , Speed and Thrills is a 1915 American short comedy film produced by Mack Sennett , directed by Walter Wright , starring Mack Swain , Chester Conklin and Minta Durfee , and featuring Billy Gilbert , Charley Chase and the Keystone Cops in supporting roles .
The Harder They Come is a 1972 Jamaican crime film directed by Perry Henzell and co - written by Trevor D. Rhone , and starring Jimmy Cliff .
The Adventures of Shorty is the name of a 1914 Western short film featuring Shorty Hamilton , and the general name for the series of similar short films it started .
The Great Mr. Handel is a 1942 British Technicolor historical film directed by Norman Walker and starring Wilfrid Lawson , Elizabeth Allan and Malcolm Keen .
The Legend of Lucy Keyes is a 2006 Suspense Mystery film directed and written by John Stimpson , and starring Julie Delpy , Justin Theroux and Brooke Adams .
Lucky , the Inscrutable ( Italian : Agente speciale L.K. : Operazione Re Mida , Spanish : Lucky , el intrépido , German : Lucky M. füllt alle Särge ) is a 1967 Spanish - Italian - German spy film directed by Jesús Franco and starring Ray Danton .
Soul Survivors is a 2001 psychological thriller film starring Melissa Sagemiller as college student Cassie , whose boyfriend Sean ( Casey Affleck ) dies in a car accident that results from her driving after a night of partying .
Suicide Battalion is a 1958 World War II film starring Mike Connors and John Ashley who made the film while on leave from the US Army .
Bade Dil Wala ( English translation - Kind Hearted ) is a 1983 Hindi - language movie directed by Bhappi Sonie and starring Rishi Kapoor , Tina Munim , Sarika , and Madan Puri along with Amjad Khan , Jagdeep , Aruna Irani , and Pran .
Slightly Married is a 1932 American Pre - Code romantic comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Evalyn Knapp , Walter Byron and Marie Prevost .
One Hour Married is a 1927 American silent short comedy film starring Mabel Normand and directed by Jerome Strong .
I Found Joe Barton , also known as The Adventures of Al Munch , was a 1952 film made for Australian television starring Bud Tingwell and Lloyd Berrell .
Retour à Gorée ( English : Return to Gorée ) is a 2007 musical documentary road movie directed by Pierre - Yves Borgeaud , featuring singer Youssou N'Dour 's journey along the trail left by slaves and by the jazz music they invented .
Støv for alle pengene is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Søren Elung Jensen .
Walk the Proud Land is a 1956 Western Technicolor CinemaScope film directed by Jesse Hibbs , starring Audie Murphy and future Academy Award winner Anne Bancroft .
Des Hoyaa Pardes ( Punjabi : ਦੇਸ ਹੋਇਆ ਪਰਦੇਸ ) is a 2004 National Award winning Punjabi film , directed by Manoj Punj , starring Gurdas Maan , Juhi Chawla and Divya Dutta in lead roles .
Surf II is a 1984 American independent comedy film written and directed by Randall M. Badat and starring Eddie Deezen , Linda Kerridge , Eric Stoltz , Jeffrey Rogers and Peter Isacksen .
Europe ' 51 ( Italian : Europa ' 51 , Italian pronunciation : ( euˈrɔpa tʃinkwanˈtuno ) , also known as The Greatest Love ) is a 1952 Italian neorealist film directed by Roberto Rossellini , starring Alexander Knox and Ingrid Bergman as a woman who 's declared insane after her son 's suicide .
Mr. Perrin and Mr. Traill is a 1948 British drama film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring David Farrar , Edward Chapman and Raymond Huntley .
The Last White Dishwasher is a 2008 mockumentary short film , based on an original concept by Carlos Alazraqui , and written and directed by Claudia Duran .
Sad Love Story ( Hangul : 슬픈연가 ; RR : Seulpeun Yeon - ga ; lit . Sad Sonata ) is a 2005 South Korean television drama series starring Kwon Sang - woo , Kim Hee - sun and Yeon Jung - hoon .
Leontine 's Husbands ( German : Leontines Ehemänner ) is a 1928 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Claire Rommer , Georg Alexander and Carl Walther Meyer .
Idle Hands is a 1999 American stoner comedy horror film directed by Rodman Flender , written by Terri Hughes and Ron Milbauer , and starring Devon Sawa , Seth Green , Elden Henson , Jessica Alba , and Vivica A. Fox .
Sukob ( titled The Wedding Curse internationally ) is a 2006 Filipino horror film starring Kris Aquino and Claudine Barretto .
Thaai Sollai Thattadhe is a 1961 Tamil language drama film directed by The film features M. G. Ramachandran and B. Saroja Devi in lead roles .
Rikshavodu is a 1995 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi directed by Kodi Ramakrishna and produced by Kranthi Kumar .
Made in Milan is a 1990 short documentary film about fashion designer Giorgio Armani ; it shows him preparing for a show and discusses his ideas about fashion , his family history and the city of Milan .
Frenzy is a 1972 British thriller - psychological horror film directed by Alfred Hitchcock .
South Sea Woman is a 1953 action - comedy - drama film directed by Arthur Lubin and starring Burt Lancaster , Virginia Mayo and Chuck Connors .
The Violet Seller ( Spanish : La Violetera ) is a 1958 Italian - Spanish historical musical film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Sara Montiel , Raf Vallone and Frank Villard .
Somehow Good is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Fay Compton , Stewart Rome and Dorothy Boyd .
Zindagi Tere Naam is a 2012 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Ashu Trikha , starring Mithun Chakraborty and Ranjeeta in lead roles and the film is a matured love story .
Wings of Fame is a 1990 Dutch English - language comedy fantasy film ( released in the UK on 26 April 1991 ) directed by Otakar Votocek and starring Peter O'Toole , Colin Firth , Marie Trintignant , Andréa Ferréol and Robert Stephens .
Broken Journey ( also known as Rescue ) is a 1948 British drama film directed by Ken Annakin and featuring Phyllis Calvert , James Donald , Margot Grahame , Raymond Huntley and Guy Rolfe .
The Wild and the Innocent is a 1959 Western film starring Audie Murphy and Sandra Dee as two inexperienced young people who get into trouble when they visit a town for the very first time .
Tarzan 's Savage Fury is a 1952 film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan , Dorothy Hart as Jane , and Patric Knowles .
Body Troopers ( Norwegian : Jakten på nyresteinen ) , also known as Chasing the Kidneystone , is a 1996 Norwegian Children 's film directed by Vibeke Idsøe , starring Torbjörn T. Jensen and Kjersti Holmen .
The film stars Rajesh Khanna in the title role as Masterji and Sridevi as his heroine as the main lead characters of the film .
Good Neighbor , also called The Killer Next Door ( MIFED Title ) , is a 2001 thriller with Billy Dee Williams , Danica McKellar , Tobin Bell .
Night in May ( French : Nuit de mai ) is a 1934 German comedy film directed by Henri Chomette , Gustav Ucicky and Raoul Ploquin .
Shirley Ambrose ( Carmen Munroe ) , Desmond 's wife and mother of their three children , often solved the problems of the other characters .
The Nick of Time Baby is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Gloria Swanson .
The Taking of Pelham One Two Three is a 1998 American / Canadian television movie directed by Félix Enríquez Alcalá and starring Edward James Olmos .
A Small Town Girl was a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Lon Chaney .
Eve 's Leaves is a 1926 silent film starring Leatrice Joy and William Boyd .
Mary Gish was born on September 16 , 1876 in Dayton , Ohio , as Mary Robinson McConnell and she was the mother of actresses Lillian Gish and Dorothy Gish .
Paul Tien is the chancellor of AUC ; while his son , Yife Tien , is the chancellor of Rocky Vista University College of Osteopathic Medicine .
Both of Consort Xiao 's daughters , who by now carried the titles of Princess Yiyang and Princess Gao'an , were put under house arrest inside the palace , and were not allowed to marry .
In Norse mythology , Gymir was a giant whose daughter , Gerðr , married the god Freyr .
Through Unbridled , Fappiano is also the great - great - grandsire of 2015 Triple Crown winner American Pharoah .
Cleopatra VII Philopator ( Greek : Κλεοπάτρα Φιλοπάτωρ ; 69 -- August 12 , 30 BC ) , known to history simply as Cleopatra , was the last active pharaoh of Ptolemaic Egypt , shortly survived as pharaoh by her son Caesarion .
Zhuge Jin also had another son named Zhuge Qiao , who was adopted by his brother Zhuge Liang .
A Bene Gesserit of Hidden Rank and wife of the 81st Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV , Anirul is the mother of Shaddam 's five daughters , the Princesses Irulan , Chalice , Wensicia , Josifa , and Rugi , and is the grandmother of Farad'n .
Ningal ( `` Great Lady / Queen '' ) was a goddess of reeds in the Sumerian mythology , daughter of Enki and Ningikurga and the consort of the moon god Nanna by whom she bore Utu the sun god , Inanna , and in some texts , Ishkur .
Countess Anna Maria d'Udekem d'Acoz ( born Countess Anna Maria Komorowska on 24 September 1946 ) is a Polish noblewoman and the mother of Queen Mathilde of Belgium .
Sonam Dolma Brauen ( born 1953 ) is a Tibetan - Swiss Contemporary painter and sculptor , and the mother of the Swiss - Tibetan artist Yangzom Brauen .
As his crown prince Chen Shan ( 陳善 ) had been captured , Chen Youliang was succeeded by his second son , Chen Li , who was soon attacked by the fleet and army of Wu .
Edward Neville , 5th Baron Abergavenny d. 10 Feb 1588/89 Sir Henry Neville d. 1593 ( Ancestor of George Washington through his daughter Catherine ) Katherine Neville , married Clement Throckmorton .
After seven years of illness , Hermeric was forced to retire from the kingship in 438 and pass it on to his son Rechila .
James Coleridge ( 3 December 1759 -- 1836 ) was the older brother of the philosopher - poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge and father of Sir John Taylor Coleridge , future Judge of the King 's Bench , and Henry Nelson Coleridge , the editor of Samuel Taylor Coleridge 's works .
Gao 's heir apparent Gao Cheng , born of his wife Princess Lou , had an affair with Gao Huan 's concubine Zheng Dache ( 鄭大車 ) , and the affair was discovered .
Tao Qian 's men killed Cao De ( 曹德 ) , another of Cao Song 's sons .
Marina Severa ( † before 375 ) was the Empress of Rome and first wife of Emperor Valentinian I. She was the mother of later Emperor Gratian .
After he died , Shi Shi took the throne , but after just 33 days was deposed by Shi Zun , who was then deposed by another son of Shi Hu , Shi Jian the Prince of Yiyang .
Anárion 's fourth child , Meneldil , became King of Gondor .
Abhimanyu 's son , Parikshit , became the sole heir to the Pandava empire and succeeded Yudhishthira to the throne .
Ordinary Consort Nara ( 納喇 ) , who had one son ( Gose ) and two daughters ( Hong Taiji 's 10th and 13th ) .
Isaac Humala Núñez , of Andean origin and who speaks Quechua , is the father of Ollanta Humala , the president of Peru .
One of those was the famous football player João Coelho Neto ( known as `` Preguinho '' ) .
Despite much counsel from his advisers , the Yongle Emperor chose his older son , Zhu Gaozhi ( the future Hongxi Emperor ) , as his heir apparent mainly due to advice from Xie Jin .
Tahira Mazhar Ali ( nee Hayat ) ( 5 January 1924 -- 23 March 2015 ) was a Pakistani women 's rights campaigner , mentor to Benazir Bhutto and mother of Tariq Ali .
In Greek mythology , Otrera ( Greek : Οτρηρη Otrērē ) was a Queen of the Amazons ; the daughter of Eurus ( the east wind ) , consort of Ares and mother of Hippolyta , Antiope , Melanippe , and Penthesilea .
Rajendra had three sons namely Rajadhiraja Chola , Rajendra Chola II and Virarajendra Chola , who followed him on the Chola throne in succession .
Hreiðmarr was the father of Fafnir , Ótr , Lyngheiðr , Lofnheiðr and Regin .
William Lok was the second son of Thomas Lok , a London mercer , and the grandson of John Lok , also a mercer , who was Sheriff of London in 1461 .
David Lander is also the father of Natalie Lander .
François Pils was the father of French painter Isidore Pils .
Thus , Madri bore the twins Nakula and Sahadeva of the Ashwini Kumaras .
We know that a son of Aristophanes , Araros , was also a comic poet and he could have been heavily involved in the production of his father 's play Wealth II in 388 .
Hippodamia married Pelops , and their daughters were Astydameia , Nicippe , Lysidice , Mytilene , and Eurydice , and their sons were Atreus , Thyestes , Pittheus , Alcathous , Troezen , Hippalcimus , Copreus , Dias , and Hippasus .
Yuk Young - soo ( Korean pronunciation : ( juɡjʌŋsʰu ) November 29 , 1925 -- August 15 , 1974 ) was the wife of the 3rd South Korean president Park Chung - hee and the mother of incumbent South Korean president Park Geun - hye .
John Hope ( 14 February 1737 -- 1784 ) , also known as Jan Hope , was a Dutch banker , the son of Thomas Hope and Margaretha Marcelis .
HD 211392 is a suspected variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius , positioned about 370 light - years away .
Pi Persei ( π Per ) is a star in the constellation Perseus .
Ross 128 is a small star in the equatorial zodiac constellation of Virgo , the virgin .
V339 Delphini or Nova Delphini 2013 ( PNV J20233073 + 2046041 ) is a bright nova star in the constellation Delphinus .
KELT-2Ab is an extrasolar planet that orbits the star KELT-2A approximately 419 light - years away in the constellation of Auriga .
7 Comae Berenices ( 7 Com ) is a star in the constellation Coma Berenices .
IC 5152 is an irregular galaxy 5.8 million light - years from Earth in the constellation Indus .
Nu Persei ( ν Per , ν Persei ) is a Class F5 , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Perseus .
NGC 4027 ( also known as Arp 22 ) is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 83 million light - years away in the constellation Corvus .
WASP-4b is an extrasolar planet approximately 1,000 light - years away in the constellation of Phoenix .
Rho Telescopii ( ρ Tel , ρ Telescopii ) is the Bayer designation for a star in the southern constellation of Telescopium .
R Doradus ( HD 29712 or P Doradus ) is the name of a red giant Mira variable star in the far - southern constellation Dorado , although visually it appears more closely associated with the constellation Reticulum .
NGC 54 is an edge - on spiral galaxy in the constellation of Cetus .
NGC 7790 is a young open cluster of stars located some 10,800 light years away from Earth in the northern constellation of Cassiopeia .
HD 214810 is a visual binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
Iota Cephei ( ι Cep , ι Cep ) is a Class K0 , third - magnitude star in the constellation Cepheus .
NGC 2536 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Cancer that is interacting with NGC 2535 .
HD 215497 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K - type main sequence star HD 215497 , located approximately 142 light years away in the constellation Tucana .
NGC 50 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Cetus with a diameter of 170,000 light - year 's .
WASP-43b is a transiting planet in orbit around the young , active , and low - mass star WASP-43 in the constellation Sextans .
NGC 637 is an open cluster of stars in the constellation Cassiopeia .
HD 153201 is a Bp star in the southern constellation of Ara .
HD 171238 is a 9th magnitude G - type main sequence star located approximately 164 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius .
49 Arietis ( abbreviated 49 Ari ) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries .
18 Delphini b ( abbreviated 18 Del b ) , also named Arion , is an extrasolar planet approximately 238 light - years away in the constellation of Delphinus .
NGC 406 is a spiral galaxy quite similar to the well known Whirlpool galaxy , located some 65 million light - years away , in the southern constellation of Tucana ( the Toucan ) .
HD 43587 is a stellar system approximately 63 light - years away in the constellation of Orion , visible to the naked eye .
R Reticuli ( R Ret ) is a Mira variable star in the constellation Reticulum .
Theta Boötis ( θ Boo , θ Boötis ) is a star in the constellation Boötes .
Kepler-6 is a yellow giant situated in the constellation Cygnus .
IC 4970 is an unbarred lenticular galaxy of type SA0 ^ - pec : in the constellation Pavo .
GSC 03089 - 00929 is a magnitude 12 star located approximately 1300 light - years away in the constellation of Hercules .
33 Piscium ( 33 Psc ) is a star in the constellation Pisces .
HD 73526 is a yellow dwarf star ( G6V ) about 323 light - years away in the constellation Vela .
OGLE - TR-132 is a distant magnitude 15.72 star in the star fields of the constellation Carina .
NGC 467 is an elliptical galaxy in the Pisces constellation .
HAT - P-12 is a magnitude 13 star approximately 465 light years away in the constellation Canes Venatici .
HD 45364 is a star approximately 107 light years away from Earth in the constellation of Canis Major .
NGC 339 is a globular cluster in the constellation Tucana the Toucan .
Xi Aquarii ( ξ Aqr , ξ Aquarii ) is the Bayer designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
55 Cancri f ( abbreviated 55 Cnc f ) , also designated Rho1 Cancri f and named Harriot , is an extrasolar planet approximately 41 light - years away from Earth in the constellation of Cancer ( the Crab ) .
4 Cygni ( 4 Cyg ) is a star in the constellation Cygnus , approximately 710 light years away from Earth .
HD 108874 is a yellow dwarf star ( spectral type G5 V ) in the constellation of Coma Berenices .
29 Herculis ( 29 Her ) is a star in the constellation Hercules .
V842 Centauri was a nova which occurred in 1986 in the constellation Centaurus and which reached a brightness of 4.6 mag .
1 Persei ( 1 Per ) is a eclipsing binary star in the constellation Perseus .
HD 4778 , also known as HR 234 , is an Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum variable in the constellation Andromeda .
AC 54 1646 - 56 is a red dwarf star of spectral type M2.0V , located in constellation Draco at 21.3 light - years from Earth .
MWC 349 is a double ( likely , triple ) star system in the constellation Cygnus .
Theta Leporis ( θ Lep ) is a class A0V ( white main - sequence ) star in the constellation Lepus .
NGC 3054 is an intermediate spiral galaxy in the constellation Hydra .
HD 219828 is an 8th magnitude star approximately 265 light years away in the constellation of Pegasus .
Gliese 317 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 50 light - years away in the constellation of Pyxis .
HD 44219 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type main sequence star HD 44219 , located approximately 164 light years away in the constellation Monoceros .
2 Scorpii ( A Scorpii ) is a double star system in the constellation Scorpius .
NGC 4603 is a spiral galaxy located about 107 million light years away in the constellation Centaurus .
HD 154857 is a yellow main - sequence star approximately 209 light years away in the constellation of Ara .
Iota Horologii b ( ι Hor b / ι Horologii b ) , often catalogued HR 810 b , is an extrasolar planet approximately 56 light - years away in the constellation of Horologium ( the Pendulum Clock ) .
NGC 79 is an elliptical galaxy estimated to be about 240 million light - years away in the constellation of Andromeda .
In astronomy , the Pleiades ( /ˈplaɪədiːz/ or /ˈpliːədiːz/ ) , or Seven Sisters ( Messier 45 or M45 ) , is an open star cluster containing middle - aged hot B - type stars located in the constellation of Taurus .
Wray 17 - 96 is a very luminous star in the Scorpius constellation , about 15,000 light - years ( 4.6 kpc ) away .
27 Lyncis ( 27 Lyn ) is a star in the constellation Lynx .
Zeta Coronae Australis ( ζ CrA ) , is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis .
Chief Oyin Adejobi was very popular in South - Western Nigeria as a dramatist and seasoned actor .
Born in Kapsabet , Kenya , Josphat Kiprono Menjo was educated at Kapkechui primary school and went on to attend Chemundu secondary school , graduating in 1998 .
François - Réal Angers ( 20 November 1812 -- 27 March 1860 ) was a lawyer and writer from Quebec , Canada .
Lidia Korsakówna ( born 17 January 1934 , Baranowicze , Poland -- died 6 August 2013 , Konstancin - Jeziorna ) was a Polish theater and film actress .
Rajesh Kumar Agrawal ( born 5 May 1953 ) is a judge on the Supreme Court of India .
Leonardo Aleixa da Costa or simply Leo Costa ( born April 15 , 1984 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Harun Doğan ( January 1 , 1976 in Kahramanmaraş , Turkey ) is a Turkish retired World and European champion sports wrestler competing in the -58 kg division of men 's freestyle wrestling .
Hippolyte Carnot lived at first in exile with his father , returning to France only in 1823 .
Edvard Eilert Christie is best known for serving one term in the Parliament of Norway , being elected in 1824 from the constituency Christianssund og Molde .
Mehdi Mirdavoudi ( Persian : مهدی میرداوودی ) ( born September 11 , 1977 ) is an Iranian heavyweight kick - boxer and a professional strongman , competing for Iran in international competitions .
Augustin Perrault ( May 16 , 1779 -- August 27 , 1859 ) was a woodworker , merchant and political figure in Lower Canada .
Sousan Azadi ( born 1954 ) is the author , with Angela Ferrante , of the 1987 memoir Out of Iran , which was published by Time Warner 's imprint Little , Brown and Company .
Mustafa Dağıstanlı ( 11 April 1931 , Çarşamba , Turkey ) , is a former Turkish sports wrestler , who won the gold medal twice in the Men 's Freestyle Wrestling at the 1956 Olympics and 1960 Olympics and was three times World champion .
Hetepheres II was a Queen of Ancient Egypt during the 4th dynasty .
Krister Stendahl ( 21 April 1921 -- 15 April 2008 ) was a Swedish theologian and New Testament scholar , and Church of Sweden Bishop of Stockholm .
Mini Graff is a New Zealand born , Sydney - based street artist who works in and around the city 's urban fringe .
Jon Lech Johansen ( born November 18 , 1983 in Harstad , Norway ) , also known as DVD Jon or GUI Jon , is a Norwegian programmer famous for his work on reverse engineering data formats .
Voltaire Y. Rosales was a Filipino Executive Judge of the Regional Trial Court , Branch 83 , Tanauan , Batangas , Philippines .
Maharaja Manabendra Shah ( 26 May 1921 -- 1 January 2005 ) was a member of the 2nd , 3rd , 4th , 10th , 11th , 12th , 13th and 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Chin Eei Hui ( born 18 June 1982 in George Town , Penang ) is a former elite badminton player from Malaysia who plays in both women 's and mixed doubles .
Blessed Father Clement Vismara ( September 6 , 1897 , Agrate Brianza , Lombardy Italy -- June 15 , 1988 , Mong Ping , Burma ) was an Italian priest and missionary .
At the first triathlon of this French circuit , i.e. at the Triathlon de Dunkerque on 23 May 2010 , Vyacheslav Pimenov placed 39th and still was the third best triathlete of his club ( Ivan Tutukin , Russia : 24th , Alfred Torok , Hungary : 32nd ) , thus being among the three triathlètes classants l'equipe .
François Bréda ( Hungarian : Bréda Ferenc ; born 20 February 1956 , Deva , Romania ) , essayist , poet , literary critic , literary historian , translator , theatrologist .
Adego Erhiawarie Eferakeya is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Delta Central constituency of Delta State , Nigeria in April 2007 .
Manuel Bertrán de Lis y Ribes ( 28 February 1806 , in Valencia , Spain -- 29 July 1869 , in Segovia , Spain ) was a Spanish politician who served twice as Minister of State , between 1851 and 1852 .
John George Brill ( German : Johann Georg Brill ) ( Kassel , Germany , 1817 -- 1888 ) was a co - founder of J. G. Brill and Company , which , at its height , was the largest manufacturer of streetcars and interurban cars in the United States .
William Sage Rapson ( 14 August 1912 -- 25 June 1999 ) was a New Zealand and South African chemist .
Eliana Menassé is a Mexican painter and member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana , an honor society for Mexican artists She was born in New York , but lived in Mexico since she was two years old and considers herself Mexican .
SS - Obersturmbannführer * * Bruno Gesche ( 5 November 1905 -- 1980 ) was a lieutenant colonel of the SS in Nazi Germany .
Olcay Gür ( born 27 March 1991 ) is a Liechtensteiner footballer of Turkish descent who last played for Gaziantep Büyükşehir Belediyespor in Turkey .
Rex Joswig ( * 22 January 1962 in Anklam / East Germany ) , `` The living repetition machine '' & `` Dubprotector '' , has produced wordsounds with Herbst in Peking , Column One , Babylon 23 , Badphish and Bert Papenfuß .
Chris McBreen ( born 9 August 1972 ) is a New Zealand former professional snooker player , living in Germany .
Tomáš Chalupa ( born 3 July 1974 ) is a Czech politician , who served as Minister of the Environment of the Czech Republic from January 2011 to July 2013 .
Gary Barwin ( born 1964 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is a Canadian poet , writer , composer , multimedia artist , performer and educator who lives in Hamilton , Ontario(Canada ) .
Pierre - André Schürmann ( born 5 July 1960 in Port - Valais , Switzerland ) is a Swiss football manager and former footballer .
`` Smokin ' '' Joe McAndrew ( born 27 August 1958 ) is one of New Zealand 's most successful rally drivers with a record three national championship titles , won in 1993 , 1994 and 1996 .
Golab Adineh ( Persian : گلاب آدینه ‎‎ , Golab Mosta'an , Persian : گلاب مستعان , born on November 13 , 1953 in Tehran , Iran ‎‎ ) is an Iranian actress .
Eija Krogerus ( born 19 June 1932 in Helsinki ) is a former bowler who was well known in Finland .
Sir Thomas Upington KCMG ( 1844 - -1898 ) , born in Cork , Ireland , was an administrator and politician of the Cape Colony .
Karl Ludwig Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg ( 22 March 1902 , Bad Neustadt an der Saale , Lower Franconia -- 23/24 April 1945 ) The von Guttenberg family originates back to 1149 in Franconia ( northern part of Bavaria ) in the southern part of Germany .
Luke Hurley ( born 31 August 1957 ) is an independent New Zealand guitarist and singer - songwriter , who works mostly outside the confines of the music industry .
Sylwester Maciejewski ( born 10 July 1955 in Żyrardów , Poland ) is a Polish actor , with roles in many films .
Eustathius , known as Eustathius of Sebaste , was bishop of Sebastia in Armenia .
Mostafa Arab PhD ( born August 13 , 1941 in , Tehran Iran ) is a retired Iranian footballer .
Fujiwara no Yasuko ( 1095 - -1156 ) was an Empress consort of Japan .
Steffi Banowski ( born 9 May 1976 in Oberhausen , Germany ) is a German radio presenter .
Cees de Vreugd , also known as `` Kees de Vreugd '' ( March 9 , 1952 -- October 7 , 1998 ) was a butcher , strongman and powerlifter from Katwijk , Netherlands .
John Will ( born 16 April 1957 ) is a notable martial artist from Australia .
Walter Schieber ( 13 September 1896 -- 29 June 1960 ) was an SS Brigadeführer in Nazi Germany , who during the Second World War served as head of the Armaments Supply Office .
Mike Sparken was a pseudonym for Michel Poberejsky ( born 16 June 1930 in Neuilly - sur - Seine , Hauts - de - Seine ; died 21 September 2012 ) , a former racing driver from France .
Severino Vasconcelos ( born July 5 , 1981 in Pernambuco , Brazil ) is a former Brazilian footballer who has played for clubs in Brazil , Chile and Ecuador .
Atacan Öztürk has represented Turkey 43 times at various age levels including Under-16 's , Under-17 's , Under-18 's , Under-19 's and Under-21 's .
Kamel Chater ( born April 7 , 1972 ) is a welterweight boxer from Tunisia , who twice won the gold medal at the All - Africa Games in his weight division .
Emperor Tự Đức ( 22 September 1829 -- 17 July 1883 ) ( full name : Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Nhậm , also Nguyễn Phúc Thì ) was the fourth emperor of the Nguyễn Dynasty of Vietnam and reigned from 1847 - -1883 .
Eyþór Arnarson ( born 1 November 1991 in Akureyri , Iceland ) is an Icelandic Alpine skier .
Juan Ramón Ayala Rodriguez ( born January 12 , 1989 , in Cuernavaca , Morelos , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division and the current WBC Youth World Light Welterweight champion .
Helen Connon ( c. 1860 -- 22 February 1903 ) was an educational pioneer from Christchurch , New Zealand .
Esmail Khoi ( Persian : اسماعیل خویی‎ ; born in 1938 in Mashhad , Iran ) , is an Iranian poet , .
Mohammad Jassem Khodayyir was Minister for Immigration in the cabinet appointed by the Interim Iraq Governing Council in September 2003 .
Pehr von Afzelius ( 14 December 1760 , Larv - 2 December 1843 in Uppsala , Sweden ) was a Swedish physician and professor in Uppsala .
Inga Markovits ( born 1937 in Germany ) is an American lawyer , and The Friends of Joe Jamail Regents Chair , at the University of Texas .
Eduardo X Arroyo ( born 1953 , Quito , Ecuador ) is an Ecuadorian painter .
Mostafa Nazari ( Persian : مصطفی نظری‎‎ ; born 11 December 1982 in Tehran ) is an Iranian futsal player who plays as a goalkeeper for Tasisat Daryaei and the Iran national futsal team .
The Central Asian musician Ari Babakhanov of Uzbekistan masters the long - necked lutes tanbur , qashqari rubab and dutar .
Georg Harding ( born 30 August 1981 in Steyr , Upper Austria ) is an Austrian footballer who plays for LASK Linz .
Ralf Waldmann ( born July 14 , 1966 in Hagen , West Germany ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Karl - Heinz Tritschler ( born September 16 , 1949 ) , is a former football referee from Germany .
Carlo Weber ( born 6 April 1934 in Saarbrücken , Germany , died 15 May 2014 ) was a German architect and professor , the founder and senior partner of Auer+Weber+Assoziierte .
Odette de Champdivers ( also known as Oudine or Odinette ; b. about 1390 - d. ca . 1425 ) was the mistress of Charles VI of France ( the Mad ) .
Wyndham Hill - Smith OBE ( born 16 February 1909 , Angaston , South Australia , died 25 October 1990 , Angaston ) was a cricketer .
Alfred Henry Burton ( c. 1834 -- 2 February 1914 ) is considered one of New Zealand 's most important nineteenth - century photographers .
Guido Bertolaso ( born March 20 , 1950 , Rome , Italy ) is an Italian physician and state functionary , and from 2001 to 2010 was commander in chief of the Italian Civil Protection department .
Antonio Álvarez Desanti , is a Costa Rican businessman and politician , currently affiliated with the Partido Liberación Nacional ( PLN ) in Costa Rica .
Anjali Sharma(born 12 December 1956 ) is a former One Day International cricketer who represented India .
Jacques Faitlovitch ( 1881 - -1955 ) , an Ashkenazi Jew born in Łódź , Congress Poland , studied Ethiopian languages at the Sorbonne under Joseph Halévy .
José Manuel González Hernández ( Born October 6 , 1981 in San Miguel , El Salvador ) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for Dragón in the Salvadoran Premier League .
Louis Fornel ( August 20 , 1698 -- May 30 , 1745 ) was a French merchant , explorer , and seigneur in New France .
Petros Chrysochos ( born April 8 , 1996 ) is a professional Cypriot tennis player and a member of Cyprus Davis Cup team .
Heimir Hallgrímsson ( born 10 June 1967 in Vestmannaeyjar , Iceland ) is an Icelandic football manager and former player , currently managing Iceland jointly with Lars Lagerbäck , having previously been his assistant manager with Iceland .
Diederich Hinrichsen ( born 17 February 1939 ) is a German mathematician who , together with Hans W. Knobloch , established the field of dynamical systems theory and control theory in Germany .
Ana Martín ( born Ana Beatriz Martínez Solórzano on May 14 , 1947 in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress , singer producer and former model , best known for her work in telenovelas , movies and the stage .
Khoun Laboravy ( born August 25 , 1988 in Kampong Cham , Cambodia ) is a footballer who playing for Boeung Ket Angkor in Cambodian League .
Adil Khan ( Urdu : عادل خان‎ , pronounced ( ˈaːd̪ɪl ˈxaːn ) ; born on 3 February 1983 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian dancer and actor of Punjabi / Pashtun descent .
Elżbieta Romanowska ( born 4 June 1983 in Głogów , Poland ) is a Polish film , television and theater actress .
Shahram Homayoun ( Persian : شهرام همایون‎‎ ) is an Iranian political dissident , political activist and the owner of `` Channel one '' , a Persian satellite TV station based in Los Angeles , California that broadcasts into Iran on a daily basis .
Oliver Whitehead is a guitarist and composer , originally from England , who has worked mostly in Canada .
Mathis Nitschke is a conceptual artist , music composer and sound designer based in Munich , Germany .
Enrique Loedel Palumbo ( Montevideo Uruguay , June 29 , 1901 -- La Plata Argentina , July 31 , 1962 ) was a Latin American physicist .
Alon Yavnai ( Hebrew : אלון יבנאי‎ ; born 1969 ) is an Israel - born jazz pianist .
Shoaib Khan ( born April 13 , 1985 in Bostan ) is a left - handed Pakistani batsman who plays for Quetta Bears and played four international Twenty20 matches for Pakistan in the Al - Barkah Twenty20 Tournament .
Rob Wells is a multi - platinum , award - winning producer / songwriter based in Canada .
Taina Kokkonen ( born 15 May 1975 in Vantaa near Helsinki , Finland ) is a former award - winning Finnish singer .
Thomas Fletcher Morrison ( February 22 , 1808 -- July 23 , 1886 ) was a sailor , farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Sean Tretheway is a paralympic swimmer from New Zealand competing mainly in category S9 events .
Jens Ulrik Munther ( born 18 February 1994 ) is a Swedish singer - songwriter , actor and multi - instrumentalist signed to Universal Music Sweden .
Wilhelm Schepmann ( 17 June 1894 -- 26 July 1970 ) was an Sturmabteilung ( SA ) general ( Obergruppenführer ) in Nazi Germany and the last Stabschef ( Chief of Staff ) of the Nazi Stormtroopers .
Marc Battier ( born 21 December 1947 in Brive , France ) is a composer and musicologist .
Bogić Bogićević ( Богић Богићевић ) is a Bosnian statesman of Bosnian Serb ethnicity , born in Ugljevik , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Yugoslavia ( present day Bosnia and Herzegovina ) .
Miroslav Varga ( born 21 September 1960 in Žatec ) is a sports shooter and Olympic Champion for Czechoslovakia .
Àstrid Bergès - Frisbey was born in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain , to a Spanish father and a French - American mother .
Jacob Roll Knagenhjelm ( 1858 -- 1932 ) was the Lord Chamberlain of King Haakon VII of Norway from 1925 to 1931 and a member of the Norwegian nobility .
Anita Dube ( born 1958 ) is an Indian contemporary artist whose conceptually rich , politically charged work has been widely exhibited in India at major museums and galleries , Lakeeren Gallery , Mumbai including the Kiran Nadar Museum of Art ( New Delhi ) ; the Dr. Bhau Daji Lad Museum ( Mumbai ) ;
Otto John ( 19 March 1909 -- 26 March 1997 ) was the first head of West Germany 's domestic intelligence service , the Office for the Protection of the Constitution , from 1950 to 1954 .
Otto Guevara Guth ( born October 13 , 1960 ) is a politician in Costa Rica and founder of the Partido Movimiento Libertario ( Libertarian Movement Party ) .
Yun Mi - jin ( 윤미진 ; born April 30 , 1983 ) is an archer from South Korea who has won three Olympic gold medals and is a former world number one .
Gerardo Horacio Porcayo Villalobos ( born May 10 , 1966 in Cuernavaca , Morelos , Mexico ) , is a Mexican science fiction and fantasy writer .
Potenciano Gregorio was born in what was then known as the town of Lib - og ( now Santo Domingo ) in the province of Albay in the Philippines .
Peter Zoller ( born 16 September 1952 ) is a theoretical physicist from Austria .
Prabuddha Laha ( 14 December 1950 -- 7 September 2004 ) was an advocate and politician from West Bengal , India .
Aníbal Bello is a paralympic athlete from Venezuela competing mainly in category F11 throws events .
Petrit Ago is the former General Director of Customs of Albania and former head of Tirana taxation office who replaced in his new position Ardian Maci , who was dismissed from work on November 1999 for not accomplishing the objectives set by the Ministry of Finance on realizing the customs income plan .
Dave Quested ( born 16 April 1946 ) is a former New Zealand cricket umpire .
Davide Cassani ( born 1 January 1961 ) is a former road cyclist and cycling commentator on Italian television from Italy .
Justice Chaudhry Muhammad Sharif ( جسٹس چوہدری محمد شریف ) ( March 10 , 1928 - June 29 , 2009 ) was a prominent judge of the Lahore High Court in Pakistan .
After returning to Stockholm , Ove Pihl was employed by the advertising agency Ervaco Annonsbyrå , where he created the campaign for the shift to right hand traffic in Sweden , in collaboration with Björn Bunge .
Cayetano Heredia ( August 5 , 1797 -- June 11 , 1861 ) was a Peruvian physician , born in Catacaos , Piura , northwestern Peru .
Lasse Sætre ( born 10 March 1974 ) is a former speed skater from Norway , who for several years was among the world 's best long distance skaters .
José Maria Alkmin ( 11 June 1901 -- 22 April 1974 ) was Vice - President of Brazil from 1964 to 1967 .
The single , written by Tim Bendzko , Mo Brandis and Simon Triebel , was certified 3x Gold in Germany for sales of more than 450,000 copies .
Daniel Gilchrist was a New Zealand rugby footballer who was part of the professional 1907 - 1908 New Zealand rugby tour of Great Britain .
Lorne Robson was a Communist politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Carolina Rodríguez Ballesteros born ( on May 24 , 1986 in León , Spain ) is a Spanish rhythmic gymnast .
Charles - André Julien was born in Caen , northern France and emigrated with his family to Algeria ( then under French occupation ) at the age of 15 , where he picked up an interest in the history of the region .
Faifili Levave ( born 15 January 1986 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby union player currently playing for the Wellington Lions and the Hurricanes .
Maia Sandu ( b. May 24 , 1972 , Risipeni , Fălești ) is a Moldovan economist , and Minister of Education of Moldova from 2012 until 2015 .
Elvin Eksioglu ( born September 13 , 1966 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish film director , photographer , screenwriter , and film producer .
Mushitaro Oguri ( 小栗 虫太郎 Oguri Mushitarō , March 14 , 1901 -- February 10 , 1946 ) was a Japanese author , an important mystery novelist in pre - war Japan .
Rowland Robert Teape Davis ( c.1807 - -27 February 1879 ) was a New Zealand labour reformer , hotel - keeper and politician .
Paulina Woźniak ( born 4 February 1992 ) is a Paralympic swimmer from Poland .
Paddy Driver ( born in Johannesburg , 13 May 1934 ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and a racing driver from South Africa .
Lettie Annie Allen ( 3 October 1901 - -15 June 1980 ) was a New Zealand public servant , political activist , feminist and local politician .
John Winston Foran ( born March 13 , 1952 in Newcastle , New Brunswick , Canada ) was a New Brunswick politician and retired police officer .
In 1998 , Kwaw Ansah was awarded the Acrag Prize , the Living Legend Award for Contribution to the Arts of Ghana .
William Dobell was born in Cooks Hill , a working - class neighbourhood of Newcastle , New South Wales in Australia .
Saadia Himi ( born February 8 , 1984 in Nijmegen ) is a model and a beautyqueen from the Netherlands .
Luke Hemsworth was born in Melbourne , Australia on November 5 , 1980 to Leonie , an English teacher , and Craig Hemsworth , a social - services counselor .
Gonzalo Piña Ludueña was born in Gibraltar in 1545 which was then part of Spain .
Kayi Cheung ( simplified Chinese : 张嘉儿 ; traditional Chinese : 張嘉兒 ; Pinyin : Zhāng Jiā'ér ; Yale : Jeung1 Ga1 Yi4 ) , born on 18 November 1983 in Hong Kong with family roots in Chaozhou , Guangdong , was Miss Hong Kong 2007 .
Sister Mary Prema Pierick , M.C. ( born 13 May 1953 ) , is the current Superior General of the Missionaries of Charity of Calcutta , India , the religious institute founded by the Blessed Mother Teresa of Calcutta ( Kolkata ) .
Lourdes Grobet Argüelles ( born 25 July 1940 in Mexico ) is a contemporary Mexican photographer , best known for her photographs of Mexican Lucha libre wrestlers .
Daisuke Masuda ( 益田 大介 , born September 27 , 1973 in Akashi , Hyōgo , Japan ) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball outfielder .
Santiago Arias was part of Colombia U17 team who finished fourth in the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup , playing all matches ( except third place match , making a total of 6 appearances ) and scoring the first penalty during quarter - final penalty shoot - out against Turkey .
The Indiana Companion to Traditional Chinese Literature , Part 1 argued that Li Baojia 's novels `` portrayed China in a serious state of disrepair and in need of drastic change '' and that his works `` served an important political and social function in a critical transitional period . ''
Tan Sri Dato ' Seri Dr. Teh Hong Piow ( simplified Chinese : 郑鸿标 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭鴻標 ; pinyin : Zhèng Hóngbiāo ) , the Chairman of Public Bank Berhad in Malaysia , was born in Singapore on 14 March 1930 .
Frederick Edward Maning ( 5 July 1812 -- 25 July 1883 ) was a notable early settler in New Zealand , a writer and judge of the Native Land Court .
Alexander Vladimirovich Yakovenko ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Влади́мирович Якове́нко , born October 21 , 1954 , in Homel ) is Ambassador of Russia to the United Kingdom ( since January 2011 ) and former Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Russia .
Pannie Kianzad born December 8 , 1991 in Ahwaz , Iran is an Iranian - Swedish mixed martial artist .
Marek Krawczyk ( born March 23 , 1976 in Gdańsk , Pomorskie ) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Poland , who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 ( Atlanta , Georgia ) .
Joseph Hill was born in 1949 in Linstead , a town in Saint Catherine Parish in the southeast of Jamaica .
Jessica Haines was born in 1978 in Umtata in the Eastern Cape of South Africa .
Brodie McGhie Willcox ( 1786 - 1862 ) was a Liberal Member of Parliament and the co - founder of the Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company , one of the United Kingdom 's largest shipping businesses .
Sir David William Smith , 1st Baronet ( September 4 , 1764 -- May 9 , 1837 ) was a soldier and political figure in Upper Canada .
Guy Dejouany was a French businessman , former President of the French group Générale des Eaux from 1976 to 1996 and one of the most emblematic leaders in the period 1970 - 2000 France .
Aghvan Chatinyan ( born 14 December 1927 in Vardapluri , Stepanavan , Armenia ) is an Armenian mountaineer and several times Caucasus rock climbing champion .
Luis Rosendo Ramos Maldonado ( born 6 September 1957 ) is a retired road bicycle racer from Mexico , who twice won the men 's individual road race at the Pan American Games : in 1983 and 1987 .
Joseph Guibord ( 31 March 1809 -- 18 November 1869 ) was a printer in Montréal , Quebec , Canada , known for the quality of his work .
Mirela Cabero ( born July 31 , 1990 in Aranjuez , Spain ) is a Spanish singer .
Te Paea Selby - Rickit ( born 14 January 1992 ) is a New Zealand netball player , who plays for the Southern Steel in the trans - Tasman ANZ Championship .
Gustave Kahnt ( 1848 - -1923 ) was a Luxembourg composer and conductor of German origin .
Lada Engchawadechasilp ( Thai : ลดา เองชวเดชาศิลป์ ) is a Thai American who won the Miss Thailand World pageant in 2001 .
Sissy Höfferer ( born April 23 , 1955 in Klagenfurt , Austria ) is an Austrian television actress .
Querelle Jansen ( born October 14 , 1985 in Rotterdam , the Netherlands ) is a Dutch model .
Bijoy Krishna Goswami ( Bengali : বিজয় কৃষ্ণ গোস্বামী ) ( 2 August 1841 -- 1899 ) was a prominent social reformer and religious figure and incarnation of Mahaprabhu Chaitanya in India during the British period .
Thierry Michel was born in Charleroi in Belgium on 13 October 1952 in an industrial region called `` The Black Country '' .
Badohou , who took the throne name Glele , is considered ( if Adandozan is not counted ) to be the tenth King of the Aja kingdom of Dahomey ( part of modern - day Benin ) .
Józef Grudzień ( born 1 April 1939 , Piasek Wielki near Busko - Zdrój ) is a retired boxer from Poland .
Jean Weigle was born in Geneva , Switzerland , where he obtained his PhD in physics in 1923 , from the University of Geneva .
Sophia Ann Bates ( 6 March 1817 - -28 November 1899 ) was a New Zealand teacher and postmistress .
Giulia Anghelescu ( born 7 November 1984 ) , better known as simply Giulia is a Romanian pop / dance recording artist and occasional DJ on the Pro FM in Romania .
Preeti Dimri ( Hindi : प्रीती डिमरी , b. 18 October 1986 in Agra ) is a Test and One - day international cricketer who represents the India national women 's cricket team .
Danielle Winits , the stage name of Danielle Winitskowski de Azevedo , ( Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , December 5 , 1973 ) is a Brazilian actress , dancer , and singer .
Stéphane Neville ( born October 20 , 1973 in Marseille , France ) is a French singer , composer , actor and director .
Sonia Falcone , born March 27 , 1965 in Santa Cruz , Bolivia , is a Bolivian painter and artist .
Bao Xin ( 152 - -192 ) was a military general who lived during the late Han Dynasty of China .
Eugen Gerstenmaier belonged to a CDU faction who internally criticized Konrad Adenauer 's policy of engaging the West because that brought along with it a tendency to turn away from the goal of reuniting Germany .
Billey Shamrock Gleissner ( born January 31 , 1964 in Solberga , Sweden ) is an entertainer , singer , comedian , actor , composer and writer .
Franz Rottensteiner ( born in Waidmannsfeld , Lower Austria , Austria on 18 January 1942 ) is an Austrian publisher and critic in the fields of science fiction and the fantastic .
Sladjana Matejevic ( born July 1974 ) , or also written Slađana Matejević and Слађана Матејевић , is painter and writer from Austria .
Alfred Junge ( 29 January 1886 , Görlitz , Silesia ( now Saxony ) , Germany -- 16 July 1964 , London ) was a German - born production designer who spent a large part of his career working in the British film industry .
Juan Carlos Letelier Pizarro ( born May 20 , 1959 in Valparaíso ) is a former football striker from Chile , who was nicknamed `` Pato '' and/or `` Lete '' .
Mbulelo Botile ( b 23 July 1972 in Duncan Village , East London ) is a former 2-time world champion boxer from South Africa .
Alfredo Ramúa ( born September 4 , 1986 , in Villa Gobernador Gálvez , ( Santa Fe ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Real Garcilaso of the Primera División in Peru .
Sölvi Helgason ( August 16 , 1820 -- November 27 , 1895 ) was an artist , philosopher and drifter in Iceland in the 19th century .
Gianluca De Ponti ( born July 14 , 1952 in Firenze , Italy ) was a professional footballer who during his career played for Impruneta , Terranuovese , Sangiovannese , Cesena , Bologna , Avellino , Sampdoria , Ascoli and Żurrieq , throughout his career he played as a striker .
Sammy Onyango ( 3 March 1961 -- 2 August 2002 ) was a Kenya international football winger who played club football in Kenya .
Arif Sağ ( born 1945 in Aşkale , Erzurum , Turkey ) is a singer , bağlama virtuoso , and leading figure in modern Turkish folk music , as well as a former MP in the Turkish parliament , and an academic .
Hubert Eisner ( born 7 August 1897 in Köflach , Austria ; date and place of death unknown ) was an Austrian Nazi and became Kreisleiter of Voitsberg .
Giuseppe Ciribini ( January 20 , 1913 -- July 24 , 1990 ) was an Italian engineer and professor , considered the father of the discipline of Architectural technology in Italy .
Navin Nischol ( 11 April 1946 -- 19 March 2011 ) was an Indian actor born in Lahore , British India .
Svein Olav Blindheim ( born 25 July 1954 in Ålesund , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( upright bass ) , composer and writer , and the brother of jazz pianist Oddbjørn Blindheim .
Fachry Husaini ( born 27 July 1965 in Lhokseumawe ) is an Indonesian football manager who previously manages the Indonesia Super League club Bontang FC .
Arno Klasen ( born 1967 in Karlshausen , Germany ) is a German racecar driver best known for his long career in VLN endurance racing series on the Nürburgring .
Pavel Steidl ( born June 24 , 1961 ) is a classical guitarist who was born in Rakovnik , Czechoslovakia ( now in the Czech Republic ) , but has lived in the Netherlands for many years .
In 1944 , Selim Sarper was appointed Turkey 's Ambassador to Moscow , an important mission during the last years of World War II and the early years of the Cold War ( 1947 - 1991 ) .
William Joseph Napier ( 1857 -- 28 November 1925 ) was a Liberal Party Member of Parliament for Auckland , New Zealand ( 1899 - -1902 ) .
Shoshana Rudiakov was born on 25 June 1948 in Riga , Latvia ( then within the USSR ) .
Elyazid Maddour ( born October 14 , 1987 in Larbaâ Nath Irathen ( Tizi Ouzou ) , Algeria ) is a footballer .
Josip Lucić ( April 26 , 1957 ) is a Croatian general and former chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia .
Rocky Verma ( born 9 November 1969 ) in Indore , Madhya Pradesh India ) is an Indian bollywood film and television actor .
Frank Gibson , Jr. ( born 1946 ) is a New Zealand jazz drummer and drum tutor .
Alejandro Marmo is an Argentine artist born in the district of Tres de Febrero , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Kiki Vidis ( born May 15 , 1989 in Queensland , Australia ) is an Australian pornographic actress .
Te Kari Waaka ( 6 March 1916 -- 28 November 1991 ) was a notable New Zealand Ringatu minister , community leader .
Bruno Brodd was an American track and field athlete , born in Finland , who specialized in the javelin throw .
Nigel Dick travels by bicycle and has made cycle tours in fourteen countries , including the United States , Canada , Mexico , New Zealand , Australia , Thailand , Vietnam , and various states of Europe , including his home country of the United Kingdom .
Fritz Jakobsson ( born 8 January 1940 in Pori ) is a painter living in Vaasa , Finland most known for his portraits .
Enayatollah Atashi ( Persian : عنایت‌الله آتشی ‎ , born July 23 , 1946 in Iran ) is an Iranian basketball coach .
Shanta Kumar ( born 12 September 1934 ) is a former Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh and a former minister in Government of India .
Jason De Ron is a musician from Melbourne , Australia , most notable for being the former guitarist for the death / doom band Paramaecium and co founder and guitarist of the avant garde / progressive metal band Altera Enigma .
Alexander Karatheodori Pasha ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Καραθεοδωρής ; 1833 - -1906 ) was a Greek statesman of the Ottoman Empire .
Rajinder Kaur ( 1931 - 1989 ) was an Indian journalist and politician from Punjab , India .
Jens Byggmark ( born 22 August 1985 ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Sweden , who specialises in the technical events of slalom and giant slalom .
Pieter , Peeter , or Peter Danckerts de Rij , Dankers de Ry , or Peteris Dankersas ( 1605 , in Amsterdam -- 9 August 1661 , in Rūdninkai Forest near Vilnius ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter active in Poland .
Rodolfo Gómez Orozco ( born October 30 , 1950 in Mexico City ) is a retired long - distance runner , who was one of the leading runners represented from Mexico in the 1970s and 1980s .
Tomas Andersson Wij ( often abbreviated by fans as TAW ) ( born Tomas Per Andersson on February 6 , 1972 in Stockholm , Sweden and ( raised in the south suburbs Fruängen and Sköndal ) , is a Swedish singer and songwriter , but also working as a journalist .
Rainis was also socially active and politically prominent , being one of the national leaders of the Revolution of 1905 in Latvia and the New Current that foreshadowed it .
Rakel Helmsdal ( born 25 September 1966 in Tårnby , Amager , Denmark , has been living in Tórshavn , Faroe Islands for most of her life ) is a Faroese writer .
Siwakorn Jakkuprasat ( Thai : ศิวกร จักขุประสาท ; born 23 April 1992 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
With his student band called `` Black Balloon '' Marco Angelini performed in Germany , Greece , Austria , Luxembourg and Spain .
Mananui Te Heuheu Tukino II ( ? -- 7 May 1846 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader .
Leonid Voloshin ( Russian : Леонид Волошин ; born March 30 , 1966 in Ordzhonikidze ) is a retired triple jumper from Russia .
John Albert Leach ( 19 March 1870 -- 3 October 1929 ) was an ornithologist , teacher and headmaster in the state of Victoria , Australia .
Alex Diego Tejado ( born 1 July 1985 ) is a Mexican footballer playing for Alebrijes de Oaxaca on loan from Atlante F.C. in Mexico .
Efren Ordoñez 's work was exhibited in Mexico and also the United States , including exhibitions at the Dreyer Gallery in Houston and the Palacio de Bellas Artes , Mexico City .
Olivier Chastan ( born September 16 , 1973 in Bordeaux , France ) is a record producer , music publisher and record executive .
Đặng Thân is a notable bilingual poet , fiction writer and essayist , based in Vietnam .
Suresh Nanda is an Indian businessman , former Lt . Commander for the Indian navy , and owner of several companies including the firm Crown Corporation , Dynatron Services , and Claridges hotels in India .
Edward Blom , born 22 October 1970 in Ekerö , Sweden , is a Swedish archivist , trade historian , writer and a television personality in Sweden .
Anand Dev Bhatt ( Nepali : आनन्ददेव भट्ट ) is a Nepalese literaturist and politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) .
Camila Stuardo , is a model and a beauty pageant contestant from Temuco , Chile .
DJ Skudero ( born Marc Escudero Gonzálvez , 6 March 1976 ) is a Spanish mákina DJ and producer who gained prominence in the mid - to - late-1990s with several top ten singles in Spain .
Alf Prøysen ( 23 July 1914 -- 23 November 1970 ) , was a writer and musician from Norway .
Aurelius Prudentius Clemens was a Roman Christian poet , born in the Roman province of Tarraconensis ( now Northern Spain ) in 348 .
Reza Malekzadeh ( Persian : رضا ملك زاده ) ( born 1952 , Kazerun , Fars province , Iran ) is an Iranian medical scientist and gastroenterologist .
Robin Maconie ( born 22 October 1942 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand composer , pianist , and writer .
Tristán Marof ( born Gustavo Adolfo Navarro in Sucre , Bolivia , 1898 ; died Santa Cruz de la Sierra , Bolivia , 1979 ) was a Bolivian diplomat , writer , essayist , and journalist .
Doctors & Dealers is a one - woman band based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Jitin Prasada ( born 29 November 1973 ) is an Indian politician from India & Former Minister of State for Human Resource .
Freddie McGregor ( born 27 June 1956 , Clarendon , Jamaica ) has been variously a singer , musician and producer .
Sir James Hugh Buchanan Coates ( 9 October 1851 - -11 October 1935 ) was a New Zealand sportsman and banker .
Franck Borotra was born on 30 August 1937 in Nantes , in the Loire - Atlantique department situated on the west coast of France .
Léa Garcia ( Born March 11 , 1933 , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian actress .
Mark Albiston ( born 19 March 1972 ) is a New Zealand film , television and advertising director .
Rapepat Nakphet ( Thai : รพีพัชร นาคเพ็ชร , born October 30 , 1986 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Octavio Brunetti ( May 12 , 1975 -- August 29 , 2014 ) was a pianist , arranger and composer from Argentina .
Tristram Woodhouse ( born 13 June 1974 in Western Australia ) is a former field hockey forward from Australia , who made his debut for the Men 's National Team in 2003 in a Test series against The Netherlands .
Bernhard Günter ( born 1957 in Neuwied , Germany ) is a German post - Cageian composer associated with microsound and lowercase movements or styles of minimalist composition .
Ivan Yevreinov was born in Poland , then brought to Russia and baptized into Orthodox Christianity .
Steve Pratt spent the late 1990s working for the foreign aid organisation CARE Australia .
John Anthony St. Etienne de Wolf ( ca . 1931 -- May 28 , 2003 ) was a journalist , economist and politician in British Columbia , Canada .
Dervla Murphy ( born 28 November 1931 , in Lismore , County Waterford , Ireland ) is an Irish touring cyclist and author of adventure travel books for over 40 years .
Aarni Neuvonen , properly Vadim Rozenberg , also known under the aliases of Aarni Rozenberg and Vadim Petrov , is the largest ever perpetrator of employment fraud in Estonia .
René Leleu created one of the bronze sculptures for the Mémorial de la France combattante at Mont Valérien in 1960 .
Roman Šebrle ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈroman ˈʃɛbr̩lɛ ) ; born 26 November 1974 ) is an athlete from the Czech Republic .
Vicente Romo Navarro ( born April 12 , 1943 in Santa Rosalía , Baja California Sur , Mexico ) is a former professional baseball pitcher .
Florida is Sofia Talvik 's fourth album , which was released in May 2010 , and was partially written during a time when Talvik lived in Orlando , Florida , though it was recorded back in Stockholm , Sweden .
Laura Munana ( born July 24 , 1981 in San Jose , California , USA ) is an American ice dancer who represented Mexico in international competition with her brother Luke Munana .
Ahmet Kuru ( born 23 April 1982 in Rotenburg an der Wümme , Germany ) is a Turkish footballer .
Kazuya Fukuura ( 福浦 和也 , born December 14 , 1975 in Narashino , Chiba ) is a Japanese professional baseball first baseman for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Jura Margulis is a third generation pianist and pedagogue ; born in Russia , raised in Germany , American by choice , European at heart .
Vinita Vasu is a self - taught woman artist in Delhi , India .
Born on the Ribbingsberg manor in Västergötland in west Sweden , Leonard Gyllenhaal was son of an army officer and belonged to a family of the lower nobility .
Jeffrey Mathebula ( born 22 June 1979 in Malamulele , South Africa ) is a professional boxer was IBF junior featherweight champion and is ranked as the sixth best super bantamweight in the world by The Ring .
Germán Carrera Damas ( Cumaná , Sucre , 28 May 1930 ) , is a Venezuelan historian , professor and retired ambassador , author of important works of Venezuela 's historiography such as El Culto a Bolívar ( 1969 ) and Una nación llamada Venezuela ( 1980 ) , among other works and essays .
Edwin Blake ( 1830 -- 18 March 1914 ) was a 19th - century Liberal Party Member of Parliament in Canterbury , New Zealand .
Dhafer Youssef ( Arabic : ظافر يوسف‎ ; born 19 November 1967 in Teboulba , Tunisia ) is a composer , singer and oud player .
R. A. Mehta ( born 1936 , at Maliya , Gujarat ) is a retired justice of the Gujarat High Court who is currently the Lokayukta or ombudsman for the state of Gujarat , India .
Svetozar Sasa Kovacevic ( Serbian Cyrillic : Светозар Саша Ковачевић ; b. 3 January 1950 , Zabalj , Serbia ) is Serbian composer , music pedagogue and church organist .
Gilead Sher ( Hebrew : גלעד שר‎ ; born in 1953 ) is an Israeli attorney who served as Chief of Staff and Policy Coordinator to Israel 's former Prime Minister and Minister of Defense , Ehud Barak .
Hijo de Máscara Año 2000 ( born 1986 in Lagos de Moreno , Jalisco , Mexico ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group ( IWRG ) portraying a rudo ( `` Bad guy '' ) wrestling character .
Kirsten Sødal ( born Knudsen ) was born in the coastal town Kristiansand in Norway .
Tomasz Chrzanowski ( born February 4 , 1980 in Lulkowo , Toruń County , Poland ) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider and has represented the Polish national team .
Béla Kohn , later known as Béla Kun , was born on 20 February 1886 in the village of Lele , located near Szilágycseh , Transylvania , Austria - Hungary ( today Lelei , Romania ) .
Marilies Flemming ( b. 16 December 1933 in Wiener Neustadt , Austria ) was an Austrian Member of the European Parliament .
Libby Hart ( born 1971 in Melbourne ) is a poet from Victoria , Australia .
His given name is Kiyoyuki Okuyama ( 奥山 清行 Okuyama Kiyoyuki ) but goes by Ken Okuyama ( ケン・オクヤマ ) outside Japan .
Fernando Ferrari - Pérez ( 1857 - -1933 ) was appointed head of the Mexican Geographical and Exploring Commission in the early 1880s , with a commission to catalogue the native mammals , birds , reptiles , fishes , and plants of Mexico .
Ruawahine Irihapeti Faulkner ( ? -- 24 September 1855 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader and landowner .
Piotr Gamrat of Sulima arms ( 1487 -- 27 August 1545 ) was Archbishop of Gniezno and Primate of Poland .
Ian Gardner , nicknamed The Cobra because of his slithering movements on the boxing ring , is a junior - middleweight boxer who was born and raised in Saint John , New Brunswick , Canada , but now resides in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Fredrik Gabriel Hedberg ( 15 July 1811 in Saloinen , now a part of Raahe - 19 August 1893 Kimito ) was Finnish Lutheran priest , Neo - Lutheran writer and father of confessional Lutheranism in Finland .
Georg Sverdrup was born in the fishing village of Laugen in Nærøy , Nord - Trøndelag , Norway .
Amalia Aguilar ( Matanzas , Cuba July 3 , 1924 ) is a Cuban born Mexican film actress and dancer of the Golden age of Mexican cinema in the 1940s and 1950s .
Wendy Jans ( born 14 June 1983 in Bree , Belgium ) is a Belgian amateur snooker and pool player .
Upen Patel is a model and film actor in India .
Néstor Isasi ( born 9 April 1970 in Encarnación , Paraguay ) is a former Paraguayan footballer who played in clubs of Paraguay , Brazil , Chile and Peru .
Greta Gertler is a pianist , singer , and songwriter originally from Sydney , Australia , and got her start there as a songwriter , penning hits for other artists .
Michael Borgqvist ( born 17 December 1967 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish football manager and former football player .
Lola Flores , a native of Jerez de la Frontera , Cádiz ( Andalucía , Spain ) was an icon of traditional Andalusian folklore , recognized throughout Spain as well as internationally .
Leo Zogmayer ( born 1949 , Krems an der Donau , Lower Austria ) is an Austrian artist , living and working in Vienna and Krems .
Gustavo De Luca ( born February 13 , 1962 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer who played for various clubs in Argentina , Chile , Peru and Switzerland .
Waldemar Ksienzyk ( born 10 November 1963 in Zabrze , Silesia , Poland ) is a German former footballer .
Inge Druckrey ( born 1940 , Germany ) is a designer and educator , one of the first people who in the 1960-s and 1970-s brought Swiss school of design to the United States .
Osman Baydemir ( born 1971 in Diyarbakır ) is a Kurdish politician , lawyer and human rights activist in Turkey .
Alphonse Barancira is a former minister for Human Rights , Constitutional Reform and Relations with the National Assembly of Burundi .
Vaida Žūsinaitė ( born 13 January 1988 ) is a long - distance runner who competes internationally for Lithuania .
Robin Frijns ( born 7 August 1991 in Maastricht , Netherlands ) is a Dutch auto racing driver , but lives in Belgium .
Sister Christine was born as Christina Greenstidel on 17 August 1866 , in Nuremberg , Germany .
María Villalón ( born 1 April 1989 in Ronda , Málaga , Spain ) , is a Spanish singer and most notably the winner of the first series of Spanish version of The X Factor in 2007 .
Nichlas Vilsmark was born in Fyn , Denmark , a descendant of Viggo and Jonna Vilsmark .
Minna Canth is the first woman to receive her own flag day in Finland , starting on 19 March 2007 .
Matthias Brenner was born in Meiningen , Thuringia , South Germany , the son of actor Carl Rüdiger Brenner ( 1924 - -1984 ) .
Emma Brignell Ostler ( née Roberts , c.1848 -- 14 April 1922 ) was a New Zealand teacher , prohibitionist , landowner and businesswoman .
Matthew Dyktynski is an Australian actor and comedian , graduating from Australia 's National Institute of Dramatic Art in 1992 .
Julieta Lanteri ( March 22 , 1873 -- February 25 , 1932 ) was an Italian Argentine physician , leading freethinker , and activist for women 's rights in Argentina as well as for social reform generally .
Luangpho Ajahn Tala Uttama ( Thai : หลวงพ่ออุตตมะ , Burmese : ဦးဥတ္တမ ( ú oʊʔtəma̰ ) ; alternatively spelt Luongphaw Ajar Tala Uttama , 1910 in Mawkanin , Myanmar -- 18 October 2006 in Bangkok , Thailand ) , was a Mon Buddhist monk .
In 1517 , King Manuel I of Portugal handed Lopo Homem a charter entitling him the privilege of certifying and amending all compass needles in vessels .
Jajang Mulyana ( born 23 October 1988 in Jatinangor ) is an Indonesia football player .
Albert de Gondi ( 4 November 1522 , Florence -- 1602 ) seigneur du Perron , comte , then marquis de Belle - Isle ( 1573 ) , duc de Retz ( from 1581 ) , was a marshal of France and a member of the Gondi family .
Seamus Tansey , also spelled Séamus Tansey , is an Irish flute player born in Sligo , Ireland in 1943 .
Sarah Major ( born August 22 , 1988 ) is a voice and television actress from New Zealand who is best known for her role as Patsy in the Cloud 9 Screen Entertainment Group series The Tribe .
Živko Budimir ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ʒîːʋko bûdimiːr ) ; 20 November 1962 ) is a Bosnian politician serving as President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , one of the two autonomous entities that compose Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Francesco Postiglione ( born 29 April 1972 in Naples ) is a former swimmer and water polo player from Italy , who represented his native country at four Summer Olympics : 1992 , 1996 , 2000 and 2004 .
Brett Studman ( born 19 April 1985 in Kempsey , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian footballer who plays for Penang FA in the Malaysia Super League .
Naceur Ktari ( born 1943 ) is a filmmaker from Tunisia .
Born in Brasília , Brazilian Federal District , Alípio left Brazil at the age of 14 .
Rajiv Rai ( born 1955 in Mumbai , India ) is an Indian film writer , editor and director .
Aleksandar Maksimović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Максимовић , born February 26 , 1988 in Belgrade , SR Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian sport wrestler .
Peter Fahrenholtz ( born Hamburg , Germany ) is a German diplomat , posted since September 2012 as the German ambassador in Rwanda .
Els Vanheusden graduated as a Medical Doctor at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven ( Leuven , Belgium ) and in addition obtained 2 Master Degrees in Hospital Management and Aeronautical and Space Medicine .
William Henry Broome ( 30 September 1873 - -8 June 1943 ) was a New Zealand clothier and tailor .
Costas Andreou ( Greek : Κώστας Ανδρέου ) is a musician from Athens , Greece .
Marcelo Carracedo ( born April 16 , 1970 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer who played during his career in Argentina , Japan , Chile , Mexico , Spain , Germany and Austria .
Orr Barouch ( Hebrew : אור ברוך‎ ; born 29 November 1991 in Haifa , Israel ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Biel - Bienne .
Víctor González Torres ( born July 1 , 1947 in Mexico City ) , is a Mexican businessman who ran as a write - in candidate in the 2006 Mexican presidential election .
Yi Shu or Isabel Nee Yeh - su ( born 1946 ) is a popular Hong Kong writer .
Inés Medina - Fernández ( born February 8 , 1974 in Madrid , Spain ) is a pianist and composer of contemporary classical music .
Konrad Gałka ( born February 3 , 1974 in Kraków ) is a former butterfly swimmer from Poland , who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1992 .
William Barak ( or Beruk ) ( c. 1824 -- 15 August 1903 ) , was the last traditional ngurungaeta ( elder ) of the Wurundjeri - willam clan , first inhabitants of present - day Melbourne , Australia .
Peggy Waleska ( born 1980 in Pirna , Saxony ) of Germany is a world champion rower who won a Gold medal in the Women 's Quadruple Sculls in Lucerne , Switzerland , in 2001 and successfully defended the title in Seville , Spain , in 2002 .
Peter Moko was a New Zealand rugby league player who played for New Zealand Māori and Glebe .
Dilip Ray ( b. 9 January 1954 Rourkela ) is an Ex- Member of the Parliament of India representing Orissa in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Ernst Hinterseer ( born 27 February 1932 in Kitzbühel ) is a former alpine skier from Austria .
Rick Bryant ( born 1948 as Donald Richard Bryant ) is a New Zealand blues and rock singer / songwriter .
Hendrik van Limborch ( 9 March 1681 -- 3 February 1759 ) was a painter and engraver from the Northern Netherlands .
Riccardo Beretta is an Italian artist born in 1982 in Mariano Comense , Como , Italy .
Iain Roberts ( born 16 May 1979 in Lichfield ) is a British - born , New Zealand skeleton racer , who has competed since 2004 .
Luis Alberto Solari ( n. Fray Bentos , on October 17 , 1918 - October 13 , 1993 ) was a painter and engraver from Uruguay .
Alain Lanty ( born 28 November 1961 in Auray , France ) is a French singer , composer and pianist .
Bernard - Pierre Donnadieu grew up with his sister , Agnes Donnadieu , a Chicago photographer , in Canada after their parents divorced while living in France .
David Limond Murdoch ( 2 November 1825 -- 5 June 1911 ) was a notable New Zealand banker and company director .
Evangelos Kofos ( Greek : Ευάγγελος Κωφός ) , was born in Edessa , Macedonia , Greece in 1934 and graduated from Anatolia College of Thessaloniki in 1952 .
Chandrakirti ( IAST : Candrakīrti ; traditional Chinese : 月称 ; pinyin : Yuèchēng ; Japanese : Gesshō ; Tibetan : ཟླ་བ་གྲགས་པ་ , Wylie : zla ba grags pa ; c. 600 -- c. 650 ) was a Buddhist scholar at Nalanda Mahavihara in Northern India .
Sacha McNeil is a New Zealand journalist and news presenter , She presented TV3 program Nightline from 2011 to 2013 .
Antoinette de Maignelais ( 1434 - -1474 ) was the chief mistress of Charles VII of France from 1450 until his death .
George Wallace Bollinger ( 10 April 1890 - -8 June 1917 ) was a New Zealand soldier and diarist .
Bekhan Tungaev ( Chechen : Бекхан Тунгаев ) is a Chechen wrestler who was born in Kazakhstan .
Aureliano Bolognesi ( born 15 November 1930 in Sestri Ponente , Italy ) was a famous Italian boxer .
TY Bello emerged onto Nigeria 's musical landscape as a member of the defunct group Kush , an acronym for Kinetically Ushering Salvation into Hearts and Homes .
Mehmet Akif Pasha ( 1822 -- 1893 ) , also known as Arnavut Mehmet Akif Pasha and Kalkandereli Mehmed Akif Pasha , was an Albanian statesman and governor of the Ottoman Empire .
Jorge Sánchez García ( born April 8 , 1953 ) is a Mexican syndical leader Luz y Fuerza del Centro and politician from Mexico City .
Lene Marlin ( born Lene Marlin Pedersen , 17 August 1980 , Tromsø , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer and musician .
Giray Bulak , born on March 9 , 1958 in Trabzon , Turkey , is a Turkish football coach .
Tolu Olumide ( also known as TolumiDE ) born on February 3 , in Toronto , Canada , is a Nigerian R&B , Soul , Afro - Pop Singer and music recording artist .
Manohara Odelia Pinot ( born Manohara Odelia Manz in Jakarta , Indonesia on 28 February 1992 ) is an Indonesian model .
Andrew Stehlin is a New Zealand actor and stuntman .
Simion Ghimpu ( May 24 , 1939 , Coloniţa - July 27 , 2010 ) was a writer from Moldova .
Pritish Nandy was born in Bhagalpur in the state of Bihar in eastern India to a Bengali Christian family .
Eija - Liisa Ahtila ( born 1959 in Hämeenlinna , Finland ) is a video artist and photographer .
Aloysius Orjinta is a Nigerian Roman Catholic priest and senior lecturer in the University of Nigeria , Nsukka .
Peter Cozens was the Director of the Centre for Strategic Studies New Zealand from 2002 until 2009 when he retired .
Benjamín Muñoz Gamero ( Mendoza , Argentina , March 31 , 1817 -- Punta Arenas , Chile , December 3 , 1851 ) was a Chilean naval officer , senator and governor of Punta Arenas in the Straits of Magellan .
Abdul Halim Khan is a politician , a Muslim cleric , and an ex MNA from Kohistan , Pakistan .
Joseph Doucé ( April 13 , 1945 --c . July 1990 ) was born to a rural family in Sint - Truiden , Belgium .
Neil Rautenbach ( born 17 May 1991 in Cape Town , South Africa ) is a South African - born rugby union player , currently playing with the Free State Cheetahs .
George Norman Hillmer ( born 1942 in Niagara Falls , Ontario ) is a leading Canadian historian and teacher and is among the leading scholars on Canada - US relations .
Ali Kordan ( 23 October 1958 -- 22 November 2009 ) was an Iranian conservative politician who served in the Revolutionary Guards , the judiciary and as deputy oil minister , before becoming interior minister of Iran in 2008 for just 90 days .
Michel Roche ( 8 September 1939 -- 11 June 2004 ) was an equestrian from France and Olympic champion .
Hasan Erbey ( born 21 September 1991 , in İzmir , Turkey ) is a Turkish footballer .
Georgios Pitharoulis ( * 4 June 1990 in Levanger , Norway ) is a Greek footballer .
Ingeborg Tryggvasdotter was the daughter of Tryggve Olafsson ( died 963 ) , the granddaughter of Harald Fairhair , and the sister of Olaf I of Norway .
Ole Wøhlers Olsen ( born 1942 ) is Denmark 's ambassador to Algeria .
Kaare Sundby ( 1 January 1905 -- 9 February 1945 ) was a Norwegian engineer who was executed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany .
Prasutagus was king of a British Celtic tribe called the Iceni , who inhabited roughly what is now Norfolk , in the 1st century AD .
Gaston Kaboré ( born 1951 ) is a Burkinabé film director and an important figure in Burkina Faso 's film industry .
At the age of sixteen , Alexander Gerschenkron and his father fled Russia during the Bolshevik Revolution , and all he brought with him were two books : poetry by Alfred de Musset and a political history of 19th - century Europe .
Accamma Cherian was a freedom fighter from the erstwhile Travancore ( Kerala ) , India .
Manuel Andrada was born in 1890 on an estancia in Curumalal near Coronel Suárez , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Ana Colchero Argones ( born 9 February 1968 in Veracruz . Mexico ) is a Mexican actress and economist .
Samuel Street Wilmot ( March 29 , 1773 -- December 1856 ) was a surveyor , tanner , farmer and political figure in Upper Canada .
Fatai Ayinla - Adekunle ( born May 6 , 1939 in Ibadan , Oyo ) is a retired amateur boxer from Nigeria , who is best known for winning the gold medal in the men 's heavyweight division ( + 81 kg ) at the 1973 All - Africa Games in Lagos , Nigeria .
Tanya Tagaq ( born Tanya Tagaq Gillis and sometimes credited as Tagaq ; born May 5 , 1975 ) is a Canadian ( Inuk ) throat singer from Cambridge Bay ( Iqaluktuutiaq ) , Nunavut , Canada , on the south coast of Victoria Island .
Scott Lanaway is a music artist from Toronto , Canada .
Ekkehart Schlicht ( born in 1945 , Kiel , Germany ) is a German economist .
Karol Szajnocha was born as on 20 November 1818 in Komarno , son of Polonized Czech Vaclav Scheinoh Vtelenský of Austrian origin , who signed himself as Scheinoha Wtelensky in Poland and Maria Łozińska .
Ernő Hetényi was the founder of the Buddhist society of Hungary in 1951 .
In 1989 Kiev Connolly and The Missing Passengers represented Ireland at the Eurovision Song Contest in Lausanne , Switzerland with Kiev 's song The Real Me .
Noé Jitrik was born in Argentina in 1928 and is one of Latin America 's foremost literary critics .
Donato Oliverio ( Cosenza , 5 March 1956 ) is the Bishop of the Eparchy of Lungro , a diocese of the Italo - Albanian Catholic Church in Calabria , Italy .
Count Victor Voss was born on the family estate at Schorssow in today Northeastern Germany to the Hungarian countess Elise Szapáry .
Emma Moynihan ( born c.1985 ) is a New Zealand netball player , a member of the Southern Steel team in the ANZ Championship .
André Kudelski obtained a degree in physical engineering from the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne ( Switzerland ) in 1984 .
Dan Hilton ( born February 2 , 1968 ) is a political strategist and former Executive Director of the Conservative Party of Canada .
Maxime Carlot Korman ( born 26 April 1941 ) is a ni - Vanuatu politician , formerly serving as Speaker of the Parliament and formerly as acting President .
David Utrilla is the 31st member of the Utah Corps of Consuls and Honorary Consul to Peru in Utah .
Since September 2011 , Charles Dantzig writes the literary chronicle in the Magazine Littéraire , and is a producer on the cultural public radio France Culture , where he created `` Secret professionnel '' , on the artistic creation .
Ali Saed Bin Ali El - Hoorie ( Arabic : علي سعيد بن علي الحوري‎ , born July 10 - 11 , 1965 in El Dibabiya , Qatif , Saudi Arabia ) is wanted by the United States government in connection with the June 25 , 1996 attack on the Khobar Towers complex near Dhahran , Saudi Arabia .
Hanns - Peter Boehm ( Born 9 January 1928 in Paris ) is a German chemist and professor emeritus at Ludwig - Maximilians - Universität in Munich , Germany .
Rolf Frick was born in Chemnitz in the southern part of what was then central Germany .
Rémy Désilets is a Quebec , Canada politician .
Haswandi was a career judge in public courts under the Supreme Court of the Republic of Indonesia , where he decided and resolved criminal cases and civil cases .
Aldo Piga 's work was mainly produced in the 1950s and 1960s in Italy .
José Luis Calderón Cabrera ( b. Mexico City , ? -- Mexico City , June 7 , 2004 ) was a Mexican architect .
Edin Pehlić ( born January 13 , 1984 in Stolac , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian footballer , playing for Velež Mostar .
Alhaji Ibrahim Saminu Turaki is a Nigerian politician and former governor of Jigawa State in Nigeria .
Alice Davis was born in Dublin , Ireland , and was known professionally as Hope Temple .
Fladimir da Cruz Freitas , better known as Lico ( Chinese : 歷高 ; Jyutping : lik6 gou1 , Lico ; born January 20 , 1974 in Brazil ) , is a retired Brazilian footballer who is now the Head coach for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D club Cerâmica .
Rose Zwi ( born 8 May 1928 ) is a Mexican - born South African - Australian writer best known for her work about the immigrants in South Africa .
Macit Özcan , ( born 1954 , Karataş , Adana Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish politician of the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) and the former mayor of Mersin .
Kamaruzaman Mohamad ( 1961 -- April 28 , 2014 ) was a Malaysian journalist and editor for Utusan Malaysia .
Christine Brückner was born in Schmillinghausen near Arolsen in Hesse , Germany , the daughter of the pastor Carl Emde and his wife Clotilde .
Kirsten Madsdatter ( died 1613 ) was King Christian IV of Denmark 's lover , and the mother of one of his three acknowledged , illegitimate sons , Christian Ulrik Gyldenløve .
Johann Paul Freiherr von Hocher ( 12 August 1616 Freiburg ( then in Austria ) - 28 February 1683 Vienna ) was an Austrian jurist and Supreme Court Chancellor ( Hofkanzler ) to the Emperor Leopold I.
Olivier Dutheillet de Lamothe ( born 10 November 1949 ) was a member of the Constitutional Council of France from 2001 to 2010 .
Phellipe Haagensen ( born 1984 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian actor best known for his role of Benny in the 2002 film , City of God ( Cidade de Deus ) .
Dimitar Andonovski ( Macedonian : Димитар Андоновски , born September 6 , 1985 in Bitola , SR Macedonia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian singer .
Peter Thomsen ( Born 4 April 1961 in Flensburg , Germany ) is a German eventing rider .
Lazzaro Vasari 's best - known work is the fresco of Saint Vincent Ferrer in the Basilica of San Domenico in Arezzo , Italy .
Lidija Mihajlović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лидија Михајловић ; born September 23 , 1968 in Niš , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) , is a Serbian sport shooter .
Ron Korb is a Canadian flutist ( flautist ) , composer , recording artist , producer and songwriter from Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Yoya Martínez , real name Ofelia Martner Semblett ( August 27 , 1912 Santiago , Chile - February 1 , 2009 ) was a Chilean actress .
Emile Capgras died in Fort - de - France during the night of August 13th and August 14 , 2014 , at the age of 88 .
Markus Egger ( born February 24 , 1975 in Zug ) is a retired professional beach volleyball player from Switzerland .
Muhammad Mohar Ali ( Arabic : محمد مهر علي‎ ) ( 1932 - -2007 ) was a scholar of Islam and history of Muslims in Bengal and India .
Sir Charles Montgomery Rivaz , KCSI ( 1845- 7 October 1926 ) was a colonial administrator in British India , and Lieutenant - Governor of the Punjab 1902 - 1907 .
An 1855 emigrant to Montreal , Canada from his birthplace in Caithness , Scotland , Robert Mackay got his start working at the Henry Morgan & Company department store .
Kote Tsintsadze ( Georgian : კოტე ცინცაძე , Russian : Котэ Цинцадзе ) ( 1887 - -1930 ) was a Georgian Bolshevik involved in the Russian revolutions and the Sovietization of Georgia .
Denyss McKnight was born in Vancouver , Canada in January 1982 and spent much of his early years being classically trained on piano and music theory .
Qian Xiuling ( 1912 - -2008 ) , or Siou - Ling Tsien de Perlinghi , was a Chinese - Belgian scientist who won a medal for saving nearly 100 lives during World War II in Belgium .
Giuseppe Vermiglio ( c.1585 -- c.1635 ) was a Caravaggist painter from Northern Italy , active also in Rome .
Prof . Yousaf Saleem Chishtiپروفیسر یوسف سلیّم چشتی ( or Yusuf Salim Chishti ) ( 1895 - -1984 ) was an eminent scholar and writer from Pakistan .
Milomir Marić ( born 1956 in the Grabovica village near Gornji Milanovac , PR Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian journalist , writer , and television presenter .
Tapas Mandal ( born 3 January 1972 ) is a member of the All India Trinamool Congress and has won the Indian general elections , 2014 from the Ranaghat ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Robert Williamson Steele ( January 14 , 1820 -- February 7th , 1901 ) was governor of the extralegal Territory of Jefferson , which existed in the western United States of America from 1859 to 1861 , when it was replaced by the Territory of Colorado .
Bernard Thériault ( born November 12 , 1955 ) is a political figure in the province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Matthew Charles Meere ( 6 December 1890 -- 17 October 1961 ) , generally known as Charles Meere , was a London - born artist who studied art in England and France , served in the First World War , and eventually settled in Australia in 1932/33 .
Sol Kjøk was born in Norway , where she grew up partly in Lillehammer , partly in Valdres .
Fernando Botero Angulo ( born 19 April 1932 ) is a figurative artist and sculptor from Medellín , Colombia .
Denis Dangue Réwaka is a Gabonese diplomat who was the Permanent Representative of Gabon to the United Nations from 1988 to 2008 .
Mike Watterson ( born 26 August 1942 in Chesterfield , England ) is an English former professional snooker player , businessman , entrepreneur and television commentator .
Emīlija Sonka ( born 4 November 1939 in Kuldīga , Latvia ) is a former track and road cyclist from Latvia .
Jordan Rodrigues ( born July 20 , 1992 in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian singer , dancer and actor best known for playing Jai Fernandez in Home and Away and Christian Reed in Dance Academy .
Monique Martin , alias Gabrielle Vincent , was a writer and illustrator of children 's books from Belgium .
Christophe Soglo ( 28 June 1909 -- 7 October 1983 ) was a Beninese military officer and political leader and one of the most important figures in Benin 's period of political instability and frequent , though usually bloodless , coups during the 1960s .
Khaldoun Ibrahim Mohammed Albu - Mohammed ( Arabic : خلدون إبراهيم محمد البو محمد‎ , born June 16 , 1987 in Iraq ) is an Iraqi footballer .
Shray Rai Tiwari ( born 26 November 1989 ) is an Indian Actor / model , originally from state of Rajasthan currently living in Mumbai , India .
In September 2014 , Yann Marti was called as fifth player and sparring partner for the Davis Cup semifinal Switzerland - Italy in Geneva together with Roger Federer , Stan Wawrinka , Marco Chiudinelli , and Michael Lammer .
Brigadier Sir Frank Medlicott CBE ( 10 November 1903 -- 9 January 1972 ) was a National Liberal Party and later Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom .
István Küzmics ( also known in Slovene as Štefan or Števan Küzmič , c.1723 -- December 22 , 1779 ) was the most important Lutheran writer of the Slovenes in Hungary .
Pavel Pimienta Allen ( born August 3 , 1976 ) is a retired volleyball player from Cuba .
Frederick Tuckett ( 1807 - -1876 ) was a New Zealand surveyor , explorer and New Zealand Company agent .
Sureshbabu Mane ( 1902 - - 15 February 1953 ) was a prominent Hindustani classical music singer of Kirānā Gharānā in India .
Balogun Yakub Abiodun ( born May 5 , 1951 ) is a Nigerian economist , public administrator , legislator in the House of Representatives of Nigeria , representing Lagos Island Federal Constituency II , Lagos State , South - West Nigeria and former Lagos State Head of Service .
Albertus Willem Sijthoff ( June 30 , 1829 -- July 29 , 1913 ) was a prominent Dutch publisher from Leiden , Netherlands .
Nicholas Kemmer , FRS ( 7 December 1911 -- 21 October 1998 ) , was a Russian - born British nuclear physicist who played an integral and leading edge role in United Kingdom 's nuclear programme , and was known as a mentor of Abdus Salam -- a Nobel laureate in physics .
Lev David , ( born 8 August 1980 , Durban , South Africa ) is a writer , radio producer and radio presenter , and media consultant .
Sergey Zaikov ( Russian:Сергей Зайков , born 23 September 1987 in Pavlodar , Kazakhstan ) is a Kazakhstani runner .
Dato ' Sri Liow Tiong Lai ( simplified Chinese : 廖中莱 ; traditional Chinese : 廖中萊 ; pinyin : Liào Zhōng Lái ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Liāu Tiong - lâi ; born 13 October 1961 ) is a Malaysian politician who has served in the Cabinet of Malaysia as Minister of Transport since 2014 .
Ragnhild Hemsing ( born 15 February 1988 in Valdres , Norway ) is a Norwegian classical violinist and older sister of the classical violinist Eldbjørg Hemsing .
Marc Van Ranst ( 20 June 1965 ) is a Belgian virologist and epidemiologist at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven ( Leuven , Belgium ) and the Rega Institute for Medical Research .
Kamran Tajali ( Persian : کامران تجلی‎ ) , is an Iranian Defender who currently plays for Persepolis in the Iran Pro League .
George Witters ( 1876 - -1934 ) was a notable New Zealand farmer , horticulturist and conservationist .
Hamid Beik Frangieh ( 6 August 1907 -- 5 September 1981 ) was a Lebanese member of the Parliament of Lebanon and held numerous ministerial positions in the Lebanese government .
Germán Durán ( born August 3 , 1984 in Zacatecas , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional baseball infielder .
Victor de Pol ( 1865 - 1925 ) was a sculptor most active in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Based on an online poll conducted by The Times of India , Ramya won the Best Actor Female award for Sanju Weds Geetha .
Mehdi Karbalaei ( Persian : مهدی کربلایی‎‎ , born 8 March 1993 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian football Defender , who currently plays for Gostaresh Foolad in the Persian Gulf Pro League .
Pandita Brahmacharini Chandabai ( 1880 - -1977 ) was a Jain scholar and a pioneer of women 's education in India .
Heinz Fiedler was a Major general in East Germany 's Ministry for State Security ( Stasi ) .
Mike Redman ( 1978 ) is a musician , record producer , film maker , label owner and multidisciplinary artist from the Netherlands .
Farhad Sadeghi Amini ( فرهاد صادقی امینی in Persian ) , born in Isfahan , Iran , 1963 is an Iranian painter .
Diederik Korteweg 's father was a judge in ' s - Hertogenbosch , Netherlands .
From 1985 Angelo Froglia produced a great number of paintings and organised exhibitions in Italy and abroad , although his health was undermined by drugs .
Born in Montpellier , in southern France , Jeanne Demessieux was the second child of Marie - Madeleine Demessieux ( née Mézy ) and Étienne Demessieux .
Jonas Buud born 28 March 1974 , is a Swedish ultra - distance runner who lives in Mora , central Sweden .
Mojca Kleva ( born March 30 , 1976 ) is a Slovene political scientist and politician born in Koper ( Slovenia ) .
Alfred Albert Thomas William Adams ( 24 June 1842 -- 1 June 1919 ) , known as Thomas William Adams , was a New Zealand farmer , forester , churchman and educationalist .
Raquel Garza ( born on April 24 , 1967 , Tampico , Tamaulipas , Mexico ) , is a Mexican actress
Anjan Chattopadhyay , the sitar player , born in a Bengali aristocratic family in Calcutta , India , was initiated to the art of sitar playing by his elder brother , a veteran Surbahar player , Pandit Gourisankar Chattopadhyay , a disciple of Pandit Birendra Kishore Roy Chowdhury .
Grace Hirst ( 9 August 1805 -- 8 September 1901 ) was a New Zealand businesswoman , farmer , nurse and midwife .
Tabby Callaghan ( born Trevor John O'Callaghan ; 22 April 1981 , County Sligo , Ireland ) is an Irish musician .
Periander ( /ˌpɛriˈændər/ ; Greek : Περίανδρος ; died c. 587 BC ) , was the Second Tyrant of the Cypselid dynasty that ruled over Corinth .
Torben Oxe served as a liege man of King Christian II of Denmark , under whom from 1514 , he was governor of Copenhagen Castle .
Sunil Babu Pant ( Nepali : सुनीलबाबु पन्त ) ( born 1972 ) is the first openly gay politician in Nepal .
Braulio Rubén Tupaj Amaru Grajeda Fuentes ( Lima , Peru , 1970 ) is a peruvian writer also known as Leo Zelada .
Manuel Centeno was born in Porto , Portugal , he started practicing bodyboarding at the age of 14 , and at the age of 16 he had already won some local trophies .
Athelstan Rendall ( 16 November 1871 -- 12 July 1948 ) was a Liberal Party , later Labour politician in the United Kingdom .
Alexander McMinn ( 28 August 1842 - -21 October 1919 ) was a New Zealand teacher , journalist and newspaper proprietor .
Ivo Lukačovič ( born February 7 , 1974 in Prague ) is a Czech entrepreneur , founder and chairman of Seznam.cz , an Internet portal in the Czech Republic .
Sarathi Baba or Srimad Sarathi Dev ( born Santosh Raul ) is a self - proclaimed godman from Odisha , India , currently under investigation for fraud .
Emperor Go - Saga ( 後嵯峨天皇 Go - Saga - tennō ) ( April 1 , 1220 -- March 17 , 1272 ) was the 88th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Major General Nathan Mugisha is a military officer in Uganda People 's Defence Force ( UPDF ) .
Carlos Capriles Ayala ( 16 March 1923 -- 10 February 2014 ) is a Venezuelan journalist and historian , and a former Ambassador of Venezuela in Spain during Rafael Caldera 's presidency tenure .
Ulhas Kashalkar initially worked as a programme executive at the Mumbai station of All India Radio .
Cédric Marszewski , also known as Pilooski , is a French DJ . After touring numerous places ( mainly France & Europe ) and producing in diverse styles of music ranging from D'N'B ( Vendome.rec ) to the Hip & the Hop ( Groove vibration ) Pilooski has recorded as both an independent artist and with several Record Labels .
Adi Roche ( born 1955 , Clonmel , County Tipperary , Ireland ) is a campaigner for peace , humanitarian aid and education .
Hervé Bochud ( born 15 November 1980 in Chambéry , France ) is a football coach who currently coaches FC Vevey Sports 1899 , in Switzerland .
José Antonio Serrano Argüelles ( May 17 , 1955 , Mexico City ) is a Mexican film director , actor , playwright and screenwriter .
Manuel Ignacio de Vivanco Iturralde ( June 15 , 1806 -- September 16 , 1873 ) was a Peruvian politician and military leader who held the presidency of Peru from 1843 to 1844 .
Peter Schäfer ( born 29 June 1943 Mülheim an der Ruhr , Germany ) is a prolific scholar of ancient religious studies , who has made contributions to the field of ancient Judaism and Christianity through monographs , co - edited volumes , numerous articles , and his trademark synoptic editions .
Carl Bertil Agnestig , originally Andersson , born 7 March 1924 in Järvsö Parish , Sweden , is a Swedish music teacher and composer .
Cristóvão de Morais was a 16th - century Portuguese court painter for the kings John III of Portugal and Sebastian I of Portugal .
Hiromichi Ishige ( 石毛 宏典 , born September 22 , 1956 in Asahi , Chiba ) is a retired Japanese professional baseball player and manager in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
The Academia Carrara ( Bérgamo , Italy ) , the Cleveland Museum of Art , the Hermitage Museum , the Honolulu Museum of Art , Kunsthistorisches Museum ( Vienna ) and Musée des Beaux - Arts at Caen are among the public collections holding works by Benedetto Caliari .
Born in Mexico City and raised in Cuernavaca , Morelos from the age of five , Lorenza Bernot competed against thirty - three other contestants for the national beauty title of Mexico , Nuestra Belleza Mexico , held in Manzanillo , Colima on October 5 , 2007 .
Samia Yusuf Omar or Samiyo Omar ( Somali : Saamiya Yuusuf Cumar , Arabic : سامية يوسف عمر‎‎ ) ( March 25 , 1991 -- April 2012 ) was a sprinter from Somalia .
Ibrahim Shudzandin ( born 27 August 1950 ) is a former Afghanistan wrestler , who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the light - heavyweight event .
Ira Eugene Argue ( 1865 in Victoria County , Canada West -- August 5 , 1927 ) was a Canadian politician , businessman and farmer .
Cheviot Wellington Rangi Dillon Bell ( 18 August 1892 -- 26 September 1960 ) of the Wairarapa was appointed a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council in 1950 as part of National 's suicide squad .
Father Roderick Vonhögen ( born 5 April 1968 in Leidschendam ) is a Roman Catholic priest from Amersfoort , Utrecht in the Netherlands who works as a new media broadcaster and television presenter of programming related to Catholicism and pop culture .
A purchase by the French State for the National Collection in 1980 places Gabrielle Bellocq amongst France 's greatest artists of the 20th century .
Alireza Samimi ( Persian : علیرضا صمیمی‎‎ , born 29 June 1987 in , Bushehr , Iran ) is an Iranian futsal player .
Soimah Pancawati ( born September 29 , 1980 ) is an Indonesian comedian , singer , pesindhèn , and presenter from Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
Braulio Orue - Vivanco ( March 6 , 1843 in Havana , Cuba - October 21 , 1904 in Pinar del Río , Cuba ) was the first Bishop of the Diocese of Pinar del Río .
Marcela Said obtained a degree in aesthetics from the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile .
He was born in Benraw , County Down , the son of Joseph Edgar and May McCracken , and came to Canada in 1872 .
Born in 1936 in Chișinău , Romania , Emil Simon began studying the piano at the early age of 6 .
Armando Hart Dávalos ( born 13 June 1930 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban politician and a Communist leader .
Islambek Kuat ( Kazakh : Исламбек Ержанұлы Қуат ; born 12 January 1993 ) is a Kazakh footballer who plays for Kairat and the Kazakhstan national team .
Sigrid Ulbricht ( née Heimann ; born 25 July 1958 ) is a German former track and field athlete who competed in the long jump for East Germany .
Muhamad Saman ( 1836 -- 21 January 1891 ) , better known as Teungku Chik di Tiro ( usually spelt Cik di Tiro in Indonesia ) , was an Acehnese guerrilla fighter .
Born in Moscow , Russia , Igor Presnyakov studied classical music at a nearby academy and would eventually graduate as both a guitarist and a conductor for ensembles .
Kuldeep Pawar ( also spelled Kuldip ) was an actor in the Marathi language film industry of India .
Crystian appeared in two matches with Brazil under-17 's in 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup , against Japan and Mexico .
Haji Salleh Kalbi ( born 10 August 1964 ) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Silam constituency in Sabah from 2008 to 2013 .
Daryl Beattie ( born 26 September 1970 in Charleville , Queensland , Australia ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Alberto Rapisarda was born in Conegliano ( Treviso ) , Italy in 1964 .
Hermes Ramírez ( Hermes Julián Ramírez Limonta ; born January 7 , 1948 ) is a former sprinter from Cuba .
Anna Elizabeth Botha , born on May 6 , 1922 as Anna Elizabeth Rossouw , was the First Lady of South Africa , as the wife of State President Pieter Willem Botha , from 1984 to 1989 .
Shankar Bahadur Khadka ( Nepali : शंकर बहादुर खड्का ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Armin Eichholz ( born 21 May 1964 ) is a retired competition rower from West Germany .
Justice Arijit Pasayat is a retired judge of the Supreme Court of India .
Sulochana Gadgil is an Indian meteorologist at the Centre for Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences ( CAOS ) in Bangalore , India .
Tom Gaebel was born on 13 January 1975 in Gelsenkirchen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , into a musical family .
Considered one of Nepal 's foremost essayists of all times , Shankar Lamichhane wrote with a lyrical , musical tempo , unrestrained by the ponderous language that often mars the essays of his elders , peers or followers .
Father Giancarlo Gramolazzo ( Ortonovo , Italy , 1945 - Rome , 8 November 2010 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who served as an exorcist .
Bernd Stumpf ( * 16 . June 1940 in Jena ) is a football referee from Jena who served as a match official in the first division DDR - Oberliga of the former East Germany .
Born in Crocetta del Montello , Treviso , Italy as Eleonora Cristofani , Leonora Fani was launched in 1971 by winning the `` Miss Teenager '' pageant .
On Friday , November 22 , 2002 a memorial sign bearing the name of Leonid Derbenyov was installed at the Square of Stars next to the concert hall Russia .
Salvatore Bettiol ( born November 28 , 1961 in Volpago del Montello ) is a retired long - distance runner from Italy
Fernand Auberjonois ( 25 September 1910 , Valeyres - sous - Montagny , near Lausanne , Switzerland -- 27 August 2004 , Cork , Ireland ) was a highly respected journalist who worked as the foreign correspondent of the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette and the Toledo Blade .
Major General Aboubakar Sangoulé Lamizana ( January 31 , 1916 -- 26 May 2005 ) was the second president of Upper Volta ( since 1984 renamed Burkina Faso ) , in power from January 3 , 1966 to November 25 , 1980 .
Zuzana Bergrová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈzuzana ˈbɛrɡrovaː ) ; born on 24 November 1984 ) is a sprinter and hurdler from Czech Republic .
Shortly after the death of Jan Duiker in 1935 , the Netherlands lost with Leendert van der Vlugt a second young architectural talent .
Prince Kamal el Dine Hussein ( Arabic : كمال الدين حسين‎ ) ( 20 December 1874 -- 6 August 1932 ) was the son of Sultan Hussein Kamel of Egypt .
José Manuel Albentosa Ferrer ( born January 21 , 1964 in Alicante ) is a retired long - distance runner from Spain .
Yat Malmgren ( 28 March 1916 -- 6 June 2002 ) was a Swedish dancer and acting teacher , born in Gävle , Sweden to Gustaf Sigurd Eriksson and Signe Emma Maria Malmgren .
Nathan Leigh Jones ( or `` NLJ '' ) is a pop singer , songwriter and pianist born in Adelaide , Australia , currently living between both Sydney , Australia and New York City .
Yuri Leonidovich Belousov ( Russian : Ю́рий Леони́дович Бело́усов ; November 14 , 1945 Chelyabinsk Oblast , USSR -- May 4 , 2000 , Yekaterinburg ) , Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , was a researcher and engineer in the field of Materials Science : glass and Glass - ceramic technologies .
Charles - Claude Flahaut de la Billaderie , comte d'Angiviller ( 1730 - -1810 ) was the director of the Bâtiments du Roi , a forerunner of a minister of fine arts in charge of the royal building works , under Louis XVI of France , from 1775 .
Nicolas Steno was born in Copenhagen on New Year 's Day 1638 ( Julian calendar ) , the son of a Lutheran goldsmith who worked regularly for King Christian IV of Denmark .
Lourdes Libres Rosaroso ( 11 February 1935 -- 20 August 2010 ) was a popular Cebuano radio broadcaster in the Philippines .
Saint Hilary of Arles , also known by his Latin name Hilarius ( c. 403 - 449 ) , was a bishop of Arles in Southern France .
Joel Brunker ( born 22 February 1986 in Richmond , New South Wales ) is a featherweight boxer from Australia .
Šarūnas Sauka ( born 1958 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) is a postmodern painter .
Christobelle Grierson - Ryrie , ( born 1992 ) is a New Zealand fashion model who won New Zealand 's Next Top Model , Cycle 1 on 5 June 2009 .
Francisco Dique Sousa was a leading organizer of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) in Mozambique .
Ashish Goyal is a recipient of India 's National Award for the Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities 2010 .
Ann Van Elsen ( born 27 December 1979 in Mol ) is a Belgian model as well as TV and radio personality from Mol , Antwerp in Belgium .
Sherif Nour was raised and brought up in Cairo , Egypt .
Abdulaziz Abdulrahman was born in Tabuk , Saudi Arabia on 18 March 1982 to a Saudi father and a Jordanian mother .
Annemarie Gethmann - Siefert ( born 1945 ) is a professor of philosophy at the University of Hagen , Germany .
Milan Đurić ( born 22 May 1990 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Cesena and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
Jacques Feldbau subsequently published two short notes in the Bulletin de la Société Mathématique de France under the pseudonym `` Jacques Laboureur '' or `` Jacques Ploughman '' .
Dagmar Rom ( born June 16 , 1928 ) is a former alpine ski racer from Austria .
Henryk Ross ( 1 May 1910 -- 1991 ) was a Polish Jewish photographer who was employed by the Department of Statistics for the Jewish Council ( i.e. Judenrat ) within the Łódź Ghetto during the Holocaust in occupied Poland .
Paul de Man was born in Antwerp , Belgium , to a prominent and cultivated upper - class Flemish family .
Arthur Warren Samuels ( 19 May 1852 -- 11 May 1925 ) was an Irish Unionist Alliance Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the United Kingdom Parliament and subsequently a Judge .
Ronald Hamming ( born January 9 , 1973 in Zeegse , Drenthe ) is a football striker from the Netherlands , who is playing for BV Veendam since the summer of 2003 in the Dutch second league , Eerste Divisie .
Sanatruk ( Armenian : Սանատրուկ , Latinized as Sanatruces ) was a member of the Arsacid dynasty of Armenia who succeeded Tiridates I of Armenia as King of Armenia at the end of the 1st century .
Pratapaditya Pal is an Indian scholar of Southeast Asian and Himalayan art and culture , specializing particularly in the history of art of India , Nepal and Tibet .
Anne - Marie Withenshaw is a Canadian television and radio personality , from Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Daniel Frank Walls ( 13 September 1942 -- 12 May 1999 ) FRS was a New Zealand theoretical physicist specialising in quantum optics .
Hans Brunhart ( born 28 March 1945 ) is a political figure from Liechtenstein .
William Herbert Burns ( born February 27 , 1878 in Stayner , Ontario , Canada - died January 1 , 1964 ) was a Canadian politician and merchant .
Jacqueline de Guillenchmidt born Jacqueline Barbara de Labelotterie de Boisséson September 25 , 1943 in Beijing , China is a member of the Constitutional Council of France since 2004 .
Raniera Ellison ( 13 February 1915 - -29 March 1974 ) was a New Zealand fishing company manager .
Pedro Arce Latapí ( born November 25 , 1991 in Saltillo , Mexico ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays for Superleague Greece side Veria .
Wilhelm Grewe served under Konrad Adenauer in the post - war years , from 1951 to 1955 , heading the delegation negotiating the end of Allied occupation of West Germany , which led to the signing of the Convention on Relations between the Three Powers and the Federal Republic ( Deutschlandvertrag ) in 1954 .
Dimitrie Drăghicescu was born on May 4 , 1875 in the village of Zăvoieni , Vâlcea County , Romania .
Femke Wolting ( born 6 November 1970 in Ouder - Amstel , The Netherlands ) is a Dutch independent new media producer .
Mihaela Miroiu ( born 1955 in Hunedoara , Romania ) is a Romanian political theorist and feminist philosopher .
Hiroshi Kobayashi , ( 小林 弘 born 23 August 1944 in Gunma , Japan ) , is a former professional boxer .
Pablo Micallef is a Maltese lecturer and television presenter currently co - hosting TVAM , Television Malta 's breakfast show .
Tusiata Avia ( born 1966 ) is a New Zealand page and performance poet born to a Samoan father and Palagi ( New Zealand European ) mother .
Eduard Bloch ( 30 January 1872 -- 1 June 1945 ) was an Austrian doctor practicing in Linz ( Austria ) .
Rafał Dobrucki ( ' rafaw dɔˈbrut͡ski ) ( born 27 December 1976 Poland ) is a Polish speedway rider who was a permanent rider in 2000 Speedway Grand Prix .
Walter Nowotny was born in Gmünd , a small town in Lower Austria .
Alejandro Lozano studied humanities at the El Pardo Seminary ( Madrid , Spain ) from 1951 to 1957 .
Günter Faltin ( born November 25 , 1944 in Bamberg , Germany ) is a German economist and entrepreneur .
Antônio Luiz dos Santos ( born July 16 , 1914 ) is a former Olympic breaststroke swimmer from Brazil , who participated at one Summer Olympics for his native country .
Bano Traoré ( born April 25 , 1985 in Ivry - sur - Seine , France ) is a Malian athlete who specialises in the 110 meter hurdles .
Shulamit Doniach ( January 25 , 1905 Samara , Russia - June 20 , 1976 London , England ) was a concert pianist , author , and composer .
Mohamed Abu al - Qasim al - Zwai ( born 14 May 1952 ) was the last Secretary General of Libya 's General People 's Congress and thus the country 's nominal head of state of Libya from 2010 until 2011 .
Hedwig Eleonora of Holstein - Gottorp ( 23 October 1636 -- 24 November 1715 ) was Queen of Sweden from 1654 until 1660 .
Brent Barraclough is a classical pianist and film producer who was born in Canada in 1962 and is of British Citizenship .
In 1919 Hugo Kükelhaus finished his Abitur in Essen , began an apprenticeship as a carpenter in Essen and , as a travelling journeyman ( Geselle ) , travelled through Germany , Scandinavia and the Baltics .
William Still Littlejohn ( 19 September 1859 -- 7 October 1933 ) was a Scottish - born schoolteacher who spent most of his working life in New Zealand and Australia .
Rajkumari Amrit Kaur DStJ ( 2 February 1889 -- 6 February 1964 ) was the health minister in the Indian Cabinet for ten years after India 's independence from the British Raj in 1947 .
Edith Mary Macfarlane ( 20 May 1871 - -2 December 1948 ) was a New Zealand community worker .
John Vaughan , 3rd Earl of Carbery KB , PRS ( baptised 8 July 1639 -- 12 January 1713 ) , styled Lord Vaughan from 1643 to 1686 , was Governor of Jamaica between 1675 - -1678 .
Samdech Preah Agga Mahā Sangharājādhipati Tep Vong ( Khmer : ទេព វង្ស , IPA : ( t̪eːp ʋɔǝŋ ) ; born 12 January 1932 ) is a Cambodian Buddhist monk , currently the Great Supreme Patriarch of Cambodia .
Alexander Lean ( 21 May 1824 -- 20 November 1893 ) was a New Zealand runholder , architect , military volunteer and musician .
Dr. Ali Akbar Al Azhari ( Arabic : علی اکبر الازہری ڈاکٹر ) , ( born 11 May 1964 , Muzaffarabad , Azad Kashmir , Pakistan ) is reported to be second son of Muhammad Akbar Ali Khan .
Martim Soares Moreno , born around 1586 in Santiago do Cacém , Kingdom of Portugal , was a Portuguese explorer who defended the interests of the Portuguese crown in the colony of Brazil , fighting French pirates and Dutch invaders during decades .
Adnan Dirjal ( born 26 January 1959 in Baghdad ) is an Iraqi former footballer and national team coach , one of Iraq 's most prominent national team captains .
Ákos Seper ( born 22 July 1979 in Hungary ) is a Hungarian football player .
Michel Clouet ( January 9 , 1770 -- January 5 , 1836 ) was a businessman and political figure in Lower Canada .
María Brito ( born María Cristina Brito in 1947 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban - American artist specializing in painting , sculpture and installations .
Marcel Chládek ( born April 9 , 1968 , Rakovník , Czech Republic ) is a Czech social - democratic politician and senator for Louny .
Omid Harandi ( Persian : امید هرندی‎ ; born 21 November 1964 in Rasht , Iran ) is an Iranian football coach and retired player who recently managed Damash Gilan in Iran Pro League .
Kristina Kovač ( Serbian pronunciation : ( kristǐːna kôʋatʃ ) ; Serbian Cyrillic : Кристина Ковач ; born 10 November 1974 , in Belgrade , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian singer and composer .
Kenji Yanobe has had art shows throughout the world , including the United States , Europe , and his native Japan .
Tadeusz Pyka ( May 17 , 1930 -- May 23 , 2009 ) was a former Polish communist politician , who served as a Deputy Prime Minister of Poland .
Hilary Grist is a Canadian singer - songwriter based in Vancouver , Canada .
Vierka Berkyová ( born 23 February 1991 in Lučenec , Slovakia ) is the winner of the third season of Slovakia searching for a SuperStar in 2007 , she is of gypsy ( traveller ) origin .
Hussain Ali Baba Mohamed ( Arabic : حسين علي بابا ; born 11 February 1982 ) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al - Muharraq and the Bahrain national football team .
Tanvir Ali ( born 1 November 1963 in Karachi , Pakistan ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1980 to 1994 .
Rodney Eric Kennedy ( 20 August 1909 - -14 October 1989 ) was a New Zealand artist , art critic , pacifist and drama tutor .
David Pagbe ( born October 18 , 1978 in Yaoundé , Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a center back for Persela Lamongan .
Pandit Raj Kumar Sharma inherited the science of astrology from his forefathers ; his grand uncle Pandit Dharamchand Jhingan ( Sharma ) was a renowned astrologer to royal families in North India .
Dan Karabin ( born 18 February 1955 ) is a wrestler who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Paul Ioachim ( 1930 , Buzău , Romania -- 2002 ) was a Romanian playwright , actor , and theater director .
Sergiu Cunescu ( March 16 , 1923 - -March 16 , 2005 ) was a Romanian social democratic politician , the leader of the Social Democratic Party of Romania ( PSDR ) between 1990 and 2001 .
Sven Maes ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsfɛn ˈmaːs ) ; born 27 January 1973 in Sint - Niklaas , Belgium ) , also known as Svenson , is a Belgian DJ and trance music producer .
Marie Duplessis was born Alphonsine Rose Plessis in 1824 at Nonant - le - Pin , Normandy , France .
Philippe Hamel ( October 12 , 1884 -- January 22 , 1954 ) was a nationalist and progressive politician in Quebec , Canada .
Paolo Seganti ( born 20 May 1965 in Rovereto , Trentino , Italy ) , is an Italian actor and model , known for playing as Damian Grimaldi in the television soap opera As the World Turns .
Alfredo Perl ( born in Santiago de Chile in 1965 ) is a Chilean - German classical pianist and conductor , best known in the United Kingdom , Australia and Germany .
Driss Jettou ( Arabic : إدريس جطو‎ ) ( born 24 May 1945 ) was the Prime Minister of Morocco from 2002 to 2007 .
Famoudou Konaté is a Malinké master drummer from Guinea .
Norman Walsh was born in 1932 or 33 and attended Queen 's College in South Africa where he completed his education in 1949 .
Rojisha Shahi Thakuri ( Nepali : रोजिशा शाही ठकुरी ) is the winner of Miss Nepal Earth 2013 .
Sri Nanduri Bapiraju was born on October 5 , 1908 ( in a village called Pulletikurru , now located in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh , India ) to Sri Nanduri Ramachandrudu and Smt .
His father Heinrich Maier was a railway official in Austria .
Charles Robertson Maier , C StJ , CD , FRSA , FHSC,(born 1945 ) is the current Priory Historian for St John Ambulance , The Priory of Canada .
Herbertus Bikker ( born 15 July 1915 in Wijngaarden , Netherlands -- died 1 November 2008 in Haspe , Germany ) , also known as The Butcher of Ommen , was a Dutch war criminal .
Paul McHugh ( born Gisborne ) is a New Zealand academic lawyer .
Guido Vedovato ( 30 June 1961 in Vicenza , Italy ) Italian naïve painter and sculpture .
Ferdinando Arnò is an Italian musician , composer , record producer , arranger , and entrepreneur based in Milan , Italy .
Rodel Tapaya was born in 1980 , in Montalban , Rizal , Philippines .
Pierre de la Broce or de la Brosse ( died 30 June 1278 ) was a royal favorite and councilor during the early reign of Philip III of France .
Stoyan Ormandzhiev ( Bulgarian : Стоян Орманджиев ) , ( 10 January 1920 -- 10 October 2006 ) was a Bulgarian footballer and manager , who managed two European clubs and the Bulgaria national team during his career .
Maha Sithu ( Burmese : မဟာစည်သူ , pronounced : ( məhà sìθù ) ) was a general of Konbaung Dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) who commanded the Burmese armies in the Sino--
Koji Mise ( 三瀬 幸司 Mise Koji , Born March 11 , 1976 in Kagawa Prefecture , Japan ) is a left - handed relief pitcher for the Chunichi Dragons in Nippon Professional Baseball 's Central League .
Willy Chirino ( born April 5 , 1947 , Consolación del Sur , Pinar del Río , Cuba ) is a Cuban - American rapper and salsa singer .
George de Fretes was a musician from Indonesia who found fame in the Netherlands .
Franz - Michael Skjold Mellbin ( born November 11 , 1958 ) is a Danish professional foreign service officer and has been Ambassador of Denmark to Japan and Afghanistan .
Helmut Yström ( 1881 - 1963 ) was a German politician and Senator in Bremen , Germany .
José María Vélaz was a Jesuit priest from Chile who founded Fe y Alegria ( Faith and Joy ) in 1955 in Caracas , Venezuela .
Tamba Borbor - Sawyer is a Sierra Leonean politician and a retired officer in the Sierra Leone Police .
Kelsey Martinovich ( born 27 November 1990 ) is an Australian model , best known for being the runner up in the sixth cycle of Australia 's Next Top Model where she was accidentally announced the winner first by host Sarah Murdoch .
José de Jesús Alfaro was the 28th President ( then called Supreme Director ) of Nicaragua from 11 August to 2 November 1851 .
Lieutenant - Colonel Désiré Rakotoarijaona ( born 19 June 1934 ) is a former Prime Minister of Madagascar .
Nerses Yeritsyan ( Armenian : Ներսես Հենրիկի Երիցյան ; born February 23 , 1971 , Yerevan ) is deputy president of the Central Bank of Armenia and former Minister of Economy .
Glen Fisiiahi is a New Zealand professional rugby footballer of Tongan and Niue descent who currently plays for the Chiefs in Super Rugby .
Ekaterina Zaikina ( born 27 May 1990 in Tolyatti ) is a Russian former ice dancer who also competed for Georgia .
Donald Morton Stewart ( born : 1923 ) is a former politician and civil servant from Northwest Territories , Canada .
Born in Zurich , Switzerland , Mathias Rüegg began playing jazz in secondary school .
Brett Mather is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who plays provincial rugby for Otago , and is in the Super Rugby team the Highlanders .
Bezprym ( c. 986 -- 1032 ) was a Duke of Poland during 1031 - -1032 .
Christian Van Thillo ( born 25 March 1962 in Antwerp , Belgium ) , is a Belgian businessman .
Mario Pigazzini is the current director of the Coro Polifonico Farnesiano , in Piacenza , Italy .
Pavlo Klimkin ( Ukrainian : Павло Клімкін ; born 1967 ) is a Ukrainian diplomat and Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine .
Nalaka Godahewa is a former Chairman of the Securities Exchange Commission of Sri Lanka .
Cakka Nuraga ( born as Cakka Kawekas Nuraga in Tangerang , Indonesia on August 18 , 1998 ) is an Indonesian musician , singer and guitarist .
Anneke Venema ( born January 19 , 1971 in Veendam ) is a retired rower from the Netherlands .
Gordon Robertson Cameron ( November 12 , 1921 -- August 10 , 2010 ) was a businessman and former political figure in the Yukon , Canada .
Sepahbod Ahmad Amir - Ahmadi ( 1884 -- 1974 ) was a military leader and cabinet Minister of Iran .
Mario Moretti Polegato ( born 16 August 1952 in Crocetta del Montello , Italy ) is an Italian entrepreneur , active in the footwear sector , who founded the company Geox of which he is the president .
Amiot Métayer ( died September 20/21 , 2003 ) was a gang leader in Haiti .
Hazairin ( born Gelar Pangeran Alamsyah Harahap on 28 November 1906 -- died 11 December 1975 ) was the Minister of Internal Affairs of Indonesia from 30 July 1953 to 18 November 1954 , serving in the First Ali Sastroamidjojo Cabinet .
Günter Voigt ( born January 2 , 1933 ) , is a military scientist and retired major general , whose last assignment was as Deputy Commander in Chief and Chief of Staff of the Air Forces of the National People 's Army in the former East Germany .
Ma Qi ( 1869 -- 5 August 1931 ) ( simplified Chinese : 马麒 ; traditional Chinese : 馬麒 ; pinyin : Mǎ Qí ; Wade -- Giles : Ma Ch'i ) was a Chinese Muslim warlord in early 20th century China .
Petrus Johannes Schotel ( 11 November 1808 -- 23 July 1865 ) was a 19th - century marine painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Ómar Julián Leal Covelli , commonly known as Julián Leal , ( born May 11 , 1990 in Bucaramanga ) is a professional racing driver from Colombia , although he has also competed with an Italian licence in the GP2 Series .
Faraz Kamalvand ( Persian : فراز کمالوند‎‎ , born 27 July 1975 ) is a professional football coach who is the current head coach of Gostaresh in Iran Pro League .
Daniel Burka ( born December 17 , 1978 in Canada ) is best known as the former creative director for website Digg and current design partner at GV .
Ganpatsinh Vestabhai Vasava is a politician and an incumbent speaker of Gujarat Legislative Assembly in India .
Maama Vaipulu ( born 21 July 1989 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a loose forward for Counties Manukau in the ITM Cup .
Dennis Lisk ( born in Hamburg , Germany in 1977 ) , also known as Denyo , Denyo 77 , Dennis Deutschland and Dennis Dubplate , is a German soul singer and hip hop artist and a radio presenter .
Vincent Gessler , ( born November 26 , 1976 ) in Sierre is a Swiss science fiction author based in Geneva , Switzerland .
Hōjō Tokiyori ( 北条時頼 , June 29 , 1227 -- December 24 , 1263 ) was the fifth shikken ( regent ) of the Kamakura shogunate in Japan .
Mamadou Konte ( b. ? Mali - died June 20 , 2007 Dakar , Senegal ) was a Senegalese music producer and founder of the Africa Fête Music Festival and a leading figure behind the African and world music genres .
Kerishnie Naicker is a South African beauty pageant titleholder crowned Miss South Africa 1997 and placed 4th Runner - up at Miss World 1998 .
Morten Frost or Morten Frost Hansen , aka `` Mr Badminton '' , ( born April 4 , 1958 ) is a former badminton player and later coach , who represented Denmark .
Laxminarayan Pandey ( born 28 March 1928 ) was a member of the 5th , 6th , 9th , 10th , 11th , 12th , 13th and 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Anders Lago ( born 31 October 1956 ) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician and former mayor ( Swedish : Kommunstyrelsens ordförande ) of Södertälje , Sweden .
John Harvey Lewis ( 1814 - 23 October 1888 ) was an Irish - born lawyer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1861 to 1874 .
The RBC Bronwen Wallace Award for Emerging Writers , funded by friends of the poet and the Writers ' Trust of Canada , is an annual prize given to a young and promising poet or fiction writer who is under the age of 35 and unpublished in book form .
Abu Inan Faris ( 1329 -- 10 January 1358 ) ( Arabic : أبو عنان فارس بن علي‎ ) was a Marinid ruler of Morocco .
Riccardo Riccò ( born 1 September 1983 in Formigine ) is a former professional road bicycle racer from Italy .
Pedro Heilbron ( born 1958 in Colón , Panama ) is , since 1988 , the CEO of Copa Holdings S.A. , the parent company of Panamanian carrier Copa Airlines and Colombian carrier AeroRepública .
Haşim Kılıç ( pronounced ( haʃim ˈkɯɫɯtʃ ) ; born 13 March 1950 , in Çiçekdağı , Kırşehir ) was a high - ranked judge and the President of the Constitutional Court of Turkey from October 22 , 2007 until February 10th , 2015 .
Lisa Larson , born in 1931 , is a well established ceramicist and designer in Sweden as well as on the international scene .
Javad Asghari Moghaddam ( Persian : جواد اصغری‌مقدم‎ ) , born 12 August 1979 in Tonekabon , Mazandran , Iran is an Iranian futsal player .
Laura Jurca ( born September 14 , 1999 in Munich ) is a Romanian artistic gymnast and a member of Romania 's women 's artistic gymnastics team .
R. Vasudevan was an Indian civil servant , and served as special secretary to the Prime Minister of India ( Rajiv Gandhi ) , as also Secretary , Ministry of Steel and Ministry of Power , Government of India .
Max Wexler was born in Iaşi , north - eastern Romania , in a family of Jewish origin .
Todsapol Lated ( Thai : ทศพล ลาเทศ , born July 17 , 1989 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Abraham Neumann , a Jewish painter , was born in Sierpc , Poland , in February 6 , 1873 and died in the Krakow Ghetto in June 4 , 1942 .
Henry Morgan Taylor ( 5 February 1889 -- 20 June 1955 ) was a sportsman who played rugby union for New Zealand and cricket Canterbury .
Srinath Prahlad ( born 8 January 1973 in Mysore , India ) is a tennis player from India and has represented the country in the Davis Cup .
Paul Yule was born in Johannesburg , South Africa and his family emigrated to England when he was 8 years old .
Ali Akbar Saremi ( born in 1943 ) is an architect from Iran .
Necmettin Erbakan ( 29 October 1926 -- 27 February 2011 ) was a Turkish politician , engineer , and academic who was the Prime Minister of Turkey from 1996 to 1997 .
Faruk Myrtaj ( March 4 , 1955 ) born Selenicë , Vlora in Albania is an Albanian novelist , poet , translator and engineer .
Rodman Teltull ( born 29 January 1994 in Koror , Palau ) is a Palauan sprinter who competes in the 100 metres .
Münci Kalayoğlu is a doctor from Turkey .
Noémie Happart ( born 1 June 1993 ) is a Belgian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Belgium 2013 in the Grand Finale of Miss Belgium 2013 at the Casino Van Knokkein in Knokke - Heist on Sunday night of 6 January 2013 .
Dave Wilkins ( September 25 , 1914 -- 1990 ) was a jazz trumpeter from Barbados .
Günter Guillaume ( 1 February 1927 -- 10 April 1995 ) , was an intelligence agent of East Germany 's secret service , the Stasi .
Louis William Valentine Dubourg , S.S. , ( French : Louis - Guillaume - Valentin Dubourg ) ( 10 January 1766 - -12 December 1833 ) was a Sulpician bishop of the Roman Catholic Church in the early years of the United States , and later an Archbishop in France .
Thomas Wing ( 1810 - -1888 ) was a notable New Zealand master mariner , cartographer , harbourmaster and pilot .
Nishkulanand Swami was born on 15 January 1766 to a Suthar family residing in a small village called Shekhpat , near Jamnagar in present day Gujarat , India .
Mashfi Al - Mutairi ( Arabic : مشفي المطيري‎ ; born July 19 , 1973 in Kuwait City ) is a Kuwaiti sport shooter .
Hans Theessink ( born 5 April 1948 , Enschede , Netherlands ) is a Dutch guitarist , mandolinist , singer and songwriter , living in Vienna , Austria .
Vital Alsar Ramírez was born on August 7 , 1933 , in `` Calle Alta '' in Santander , Cantabria , Spain .
Josef Thorak ( 7 February 1889 in Salzburg , Austria -- 26 February 1952 in Hartmannsberg , Bavaria ) was an Austrian - German sculptor .
Marilyn Ramos ( born 16 February 1991 ) is a South African designer , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss South Africa 2012 , becoming the official representative of her country to Miss Universe 2013 and Miss World 2013 .
Theresa Andersson ( born 11 September 1971 , Gotland , Sweden ) is a singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
Ramon Iglesias i Navarri ( 28 January 1889 in Vall de Boí -- 31 March 1972 ) was the Bishop of Urgell and Episcopal Co - Prince of Andorra from 4 April 1943 , until 29 April 1969 .
Mac DeMarco was born in Duncan , British Columbia , Canada , and raised in Edmonton , Alberta .
Patrick Ouart ( born May 25 , 1959 in Sallenelle , municipality of Pendé , France ) is a former French magistrate , and former personal advisor for justice to Prime Minister Edouard Balladur .
William Benjamin Robinson ( December 22 , 1797 -- July 18 , 1873 ) was a fur trader and political figure in Upper Canada .
Captain Robert Pearson ( May 18 , 1879 -- July 3 , 1956 ) was a soldier and politician from Alberta , Canada .
Mate Šestan ( born 1971 ) is a former football player , born in Croatia .
Saint Deiniol ( died 584 ) was traditionally the first Bishop of Bangor in the Kingdom of Gwynedd , Wales .
Sassa Jimenez ( born December 17 , 1987 ) is a fashion designer from the Philippines .
Rustam Khudzhamov made his debut for the Ukraine national football team in a friendly on 11 February 2009 against Serbia which Ukraine won 1 - -0 .
Masakazu Tashiro ( Japanese : 田代 真一 , born June 26 , 1988 in Meguro , Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the Montedio Yamagata in the J. League Division 2 .
Desmond Patrick Costello ( 31 January 1912 -- 23 February 1964 ) was a New Zealand linguist , soldier , diplomat , university professor who was accused of being an agent for the Soviet GRU and of having sparked the first in a series of spy scandals in the 1960s which brought down the Macmillan government in the UK .
Warut Mekmusik ( Thai : วรุฒ เมฆมุสิก , born Junuary 2 , 1985 ) , or simply known as Rut ( Thai : รุฒ ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand He currently plays for Bangkok United in the Thai Premier League as a Goalkeeper .
Evangelos Katsioulis ( born 19 January 1976 , Ioannina , Greece ) is a Greek medical doctor and psychiatrist .
Dolly Joseph Abu Shahine commonly known as Dolly Shahine ( usually spelled : Dolly Chahine ; Arabic : دوللي شاهين‎ Lebanese pronunciation : ( ˈdol.li ʃaˈhiːn ) ) in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese singer , actress , and fashion designer .
Philippe Erne ( born 14 December 1986 in Vaduz ) is an international footballer from Liechtenstein who plays as a striker .
Abraham LeBlanc ( January 17 , 1840 -- October 24 , 1913 ) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Hone Riiwi Toia ( 1858 - -1933 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , prophet , religious leader and protester .
Hernando Urriago Benítez is a poet and essay writer who was born in Cali , Colombia in 1974 .
Jody Lloyd is a New Zealand electronica and hip - hop musician and record producer from Christchurch .
Roberto Bernardi ( born 1974 , Todi , Italy ) is an artist based in Todi .
Saleem Raza ( born 5 July 1964 , Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan ) is a former cricketer .
Ali Reza Nobari is the former Governor of the Central Bank of the Islamic Republic of Iran ( Bank Markazi Iran ) .
Ila Pant is an Indian politician and former member of Lok Sabha from Uttarakhand state in India .
Thomas Vernon Griffiths ( 22 June 1894 - -23 November 1985 ) was a New Zealand music teacher and lecturer , composer .
Zenon Jankowski ( born November 22 , 1937 in Poznań , Poland ) is a retired Polish pilot , colonel of the Polish Army and cosmonaut .
Dr. Habiba Sarobi ( Persian : حبیبه سرابی‎‎ ) ( born 1956 ) is a hematologist , politician , and reformer of the post - Taliban reconstruction of Afghanistan .
Naratheinkha ( Burmese : နရသိင်္ခ , pronounced : ( nəɹa̰ θéiɴkʰa̰ ) ; 1141 - -1174 ) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) from 1171 to 1174 .
Alfonso López Caballero ( born 17 August 1944 ) is a Colombian economist and diplomat , the son and grandson of former Presidents of Colombia , Alfonso López Michelsen and Alfonso López Pumarejo respectively , and former congressman , government minister , ambassador to France , Canada , the United Kingdom , and presidential candidate .
Laxman Dutta Joshi ( Nepali : लक्ष्मण दत्त जोशी ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Xolile Yawa ( born 29 September 1962 in Lady Frere , Eastern Cape ) is a retired athlete from South Africa - ZA .
Ali Hassan Kuban ( 1929 , Gotha , Egypt -- 2001 ) was a Nubian singer and bandleader .
Nathan Straus was born to a Jewish family in Otterberg , Germany , the third child of Lazarus Straus ( 1809 - -1898 ) and his wife Sara ( 1823 - -1876 ) .
Sunny Suwanmethanon ( Thai : ซันนี่ สุวรรณเมธานนท์ , born 18 May 1981 in Thailand ) is a Thailand actor with Thai , Singapore and French descent .
Li Huirong ( Chinese : 李惠荣 ; pinyin : Lǐ Huìróng , born April 14 , 1965 ) is a retired triple jumper from People 's Republic of China , who set the first IAAF - recognized women 's triple jump world record of 14.54 metres on August 25 , 1990 at a meet in Sapporo , Japan .
Alexander Wyclif Reed , also known as Clif Reed and A. W. Reed , ( 7 March 1908 - 19 October 1979 ) was aprolific New Zealand publisher and author .
Ham Mukasa ( 1868 - -1956 ) was a page in the court of Mutesa I of Buganda ( in present day Uganda ) and later secretary to Apolo Kagwa .
Haji Omar was killed during an US airstike in Pakistan on October 26 , 2008 .
Sabri al - Asali ( Arabic : صبري العسلي‎ ; 1903 -- 13 April 1976 ) was a Syrian politician and a three - time prime minister of Syria .
Theodore Nisbet Gibbs ( 3 February 1896 - -15 July 1978 ) was a New Zealand law clerk , accountant , businessman and tax adviser .
Mieszko II Lambert ( Polish ; c. 990 -- 10/11 May 1034 ) was King of Poland from 1025 - -1031 , and Duke from 1032 until his death .
Marko Peruničić ( born 1979 in Belgrade , Serbia ) is a successful Serbian composer / arranger / producer who has collaborated with many Yugoslav artists through last 9 years .
Liviu Mocan is married to Rodica , who is Lecturer at the Babes - Bolyai University in Cluj - Napoca Romania .
Lauri Viljanen ( 1900 , Kaarina , Southwest Finland -- 1994 ) was a Finnish literary critic and writer .
Mario Larramendi ( born June 6 , 1984 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan footballer currently is without a club .
Maria Jongeling ( born 19 June 1975 in Delft , Netherlands ) is a former Dutch road and track racing cyclist .
Putri Ayu Silaen , born at Sibolga , North Sumatra , Indonesia on 24 May 1997 is a soprano singer who previously dabbled in the genre pop . She started her singing career at a young age by joining several singing competition in North Sumatra .
Bimal Roy was born on 12 July 1909 , to a zamindar family in Suapur , Dhaka then part of the Eastern Bengal and Assam province of British India and now part of Bangladesh .
Rosemary Banks ( born 1951 ) is a New Zealand diplomat , currently New Zealand 's Ambassador to France .
Jonathan Mulia ( born in Jakarta , Indonesia , July 8 , 1986 ) is an Indonesian actor .
Karen Andreasyan ( Armenian : Կարեն Անդրեասյան ; born in 1977 ) is a Human Rights Defender of Armenia .
Ahmed G. Cuizon is a media practitioner in Cebu Philippines .
Ezequiel Lázaro ( born December 4 , 1981 in Córdoba , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer .
Toygar Işıklı ( born 16 April 1974 in Gölcük , Kocaeli , Turkey ) is a Turkish film score composer , music producer and singer .
Andrea Andreani ( 1540 - -1623 ) was an Italian engraver on wood , who was among the first printmakers in Italy to use chiaroscuro , which required multiple colours .
Dario Martinelli ( Andria , Italy , March 1 , 1974 ) is an Italian semiotician , musicologist and composer .
José Julián Jiménez was born in Trinidad , Las Villas , Cuba , the son of orchestra conductor Francisco Nicasio Jiménez .
Farhat Hashmi ( Urdu : فرحت ہاشمی‎ ) ( born December 22 , 1957 ) is an Islamic scholar from Pakistan She was formerly a lecturer and assistant professor at the Faculty of Usul - al - Din at International Islamic University , Islamabad .
Marianna Vardinoyannis was born in Greece in 1947 and raised in Athens .
With them , Cristie travelled through the settings of the most prominent festivals of Spain including Espárrago Rock , Festimad , The Festival of Autumn of Madrid , and The Sea of Music .
Sanjeev Abhyankar was born on October 5 , 1969 in Pune , India to Dr. Shobha Abhyankar .
Amy Miller ( born in 1980 in Sudbury , Canada ) is a filmmaker and social justice activist .
Due to civil war in Angola which until then lasted 24 years , Diamondog moves to Brazil where he received political asylum .
Bernard Larson ( also known as Bernhard ; December 3 , 1859 -- January 13 , 1923 ) was a Swedish - born farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Dan Bryk grew up in suburban Mississauga , Ontario , Canada , where he attended several Public and Catholic schools and Queensway Cathedral School , a Pentecostal evangelical private school .
Papiss Demba Cissé ( born 3 June 1985 ) , also known as Papiss Cissé , is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a striker for Newcastle United and the Senegal national team .
Major Patrick Chukwuma Kaduna Nzeogwu , ( 1937 - -1967 ) was a Nigerian military officer who played in leading role in the January 15 , 1966 military coup , an event that derailed Nigeria 's nascent democracy and introduced military rule to Nigeria .
Amasio Valence ( born 12 May 1979 in Nadi , Fiji ) is a Rugby sevens player who switched allegiances to New Zealand after he first made his break into professional rugby in 2000 .
Cecilia Samartin ( born 1961 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban - American writer and psychologist .
Ariel Ameijenda ( born in 1961 , Montevideo ) is a luthier , musician and professor from Uruguay .
Federico Plummer ( born April 10 , 1929 ) is a former lightweight professional boxer from Panama .
Dr. Ethel Bentham ( 5 January 1861 -- 19 January 1931 ) was a progressive doctor , a politician and a suffragette in the United Kingdom .
Roberto Francisco Chiari Remón ( March 2 , 1905 in Panama City -- March 1 , 1981 ) was the President of Panama in 1949 and from 1960 to 1964 .
Channaiah Odeyar ( ಚನ್ನಯ್ಯ ಒಡೆಯರ್ died on 19th November 2007 ) was a former Lok Sabha Member of Parliament from Davangere in Karnataka , India .
Terje Isungset ( born May 4 , 1964 Hol , Norway ) is a Norwegian musician ( primarily as a percussionist ) and composer .
Katharine Sergava ( July 30 , 1910 in Tbilisi , Georgia -- November 26 , 2005 . Married name : Katharine Sergava Sznycer ) was an actress and dancer .
Guy Stéphane Essame ( born 25 November 1984 in Douala ) is a football player from Cameroon who is currently playing for Atyrau .
Emily Cumming Harris ( c.1837 - -5 August 1925 ) was one of New Zealand 's first professional women painters .
Gholamreza Khosravi Savadjani was a political prisoner in Iran who was executed on 1 June 2014 .
Augusto de Campos ( born 14 February 1931 , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian writer who ( with his brother Haroldo de Campos ) was a founder of the Concrete poetry movement in Brazil .
Lisa Mathison ( born 31 January 1985 ) is a professional cyclist from Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , specialising in cross - country mountain bike racing .
Luk De Konink ( born 8 July 1952 , Belgium ) is a Belgian television actor .
Many other buildings , streets and squares in Germany are likewise connected with the name Eugen Bolz .
Roger Miller Rojas ( born 8 March 1993 in Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan footballer with spanish passport who currently plays at italian Serie B for Varese .
Alfred de Pischof ( born May 17 , 1882 in Vienna , Austria ; died August 12 , 1922 in Villacoublay , France ) was an Austrian aviation pioneer .
Errol Vieth ( born 1950 ) is a Senior Lecturer at the School of Contemporary Communication , at Central Queensland University , Australia , a researcher , and an author .
Subair was born in the village of Panoor in Kannur District , Kerala , India as the son of Sulaiman and Aysha .
George Nedungatt ( born on 21 December 1932 in Peringuzha near Muvattupuzha in Travancore , India ) , is an Indian Jesuit priest of Oriental rite , and expert in Oriental Canon Law .
Sibille Attar ( born 27 November 1981 in Örebro , Sweden ) is a Swedish singer and songwriter and producer of French origin .
Alejandro Gaviria Uribe ( born 1965 ) is the 3rd and current Minister of Health and Social Protection of Colombia .
Shuntaro Hida ( born 1917 in Hiroshima , Japan ) is a Japanese physician who was an eyewitness to the dropping of the Little Boy Atomic Bomb on Hiroshima by the Enola Gay on 6 August 1945 .
Rufino Tamayo ( August 25 , 1899 -- June 24 , 1991 ) was a Mexican painter of Zapotec heritage , born in Oaxaca de Juárez , Mexico .
Muhammad Aqa - Kermani ( Persian : محمد آغاكرمنى ‎ ) also written Aqkirmani was an 18th century Persian physician from Kerman , Iran .
Reymond Clavel ( born June 23 , 1950 ) is director of the Laboratoire de Systèmes Robotiques 2 ( LSRO2 ) at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland .
Germán Ohm Gómez ( born 28 May 1936 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican boxer of German ancestry in the Featherweight division .
Nguyễn Phúc Trú , or Nguyễn Phúc Chú , ( 1696 - -1738 ; r. 1725 - -1738 ) was one of the Nguyễn lords who ruled over southern Vietnam in the 16th--18th centuries .
Hans - Jürgen Papier ( German pronunciation : ( ˈpaːpi̯ɐ ) ; born 6 July 1943 in Berlin ) is a German scholar of constitutional law and was President of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany from 2002 to 2010 .
Kaleena Renae McNabb ( born 1984 ) , better known by her stage name K'Lee , is a New Zealand pop singer who released her first single in 2001 at the age of 16 , while still attending Waitakere College in West Auckland .
Brunette Models is a Polish - Cypriot musical project for experimental electronic music and sound sculpture , in the style of ambient music , atmospheric and deep listening music , and is a pioneer of this kind of music in Poland .
Adel Tawil ( born August 15 , 1978 in Berlin , Germany ) , is a German singer , songwriter and producer .
Eric Sahlström ( 1912 - -1986 CE ) was a Swedish player of the nyckelharpa , and riksspelman awardee from Tobo in northern Uppland , Sweden .
Doudou Diène ( born 1941 ) of Senegal was United Nations Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance in 2002 - -2008 .
Alice Bellagamba ( born 1 November 1987 in Jesi , Italy ) is an Italian actress and dancer .
Antoine - Léonce Michaux ( born November 6 , 1822 in Basse - Terre , Guadeloupe , and died January 20 , 1893 , France ) was Governor General for French India in the Second French Colonial Empire under the French Third Republic .
Miguel de la Espriella ( born November 14 , 1947 ) , more commonly known by his artistic name , Noble , is a self - taught painter and sculptor from Sucre , Colombia , whose art has been presented widely within his country and throughout the world .
Apostol Muzac ( born 6 July 1987 in Bucharest , Romania ) is a Romanian football player under contract with Delta Dobrogea Tulcea .
Elio Martusciello ( born 23 November 1959 , Naples , Italy ) is an Italian experimental music composer and performer , principally on guitar and computer .
Perpessicius joined the Romanian Army in 1916 , as Romania rallied with the Entente against the Central Powers ( see Romania during World War I ) .
Ali Hallab ( born 4 April 1981 in Mantes - la - Jolie , Yvelines ) is a boxer from France .
Aristides Royo Sánchez ( born August 14 , 1940 in La Chorrera , Panamá Province ) was President of Panama from October 11 , 1978 to July 31 , 1982 , when he was pressured to resign by the military .
Yeo Bum - kyu ( born June 24 , 1962 ) is a South Koreaan football Midfielder who played for South Korea in the AFC Asian Cup .
Christa Frieda Vogel is a German photographer who lives and works in Berlin , Germany .
Rouba a.k.a . Roobz , is a soul singer / songwriter born in Lebanon and raised in the United Arab Emirates .
Unlike the majority of luchadors in Mexico Jerry Estrada never wore a mask during his career .
Gladys Moncrieff OBE ( 13 April 1892 -- 8 February 1976 ) was an Australian singer who was so successful in musical theatre and recordings that she became known as ' Australia 's Queen of Song ' and ' Our Glad ' .
Salami Agbaje ( died 1953 ) was one of Nigeria 's leading businessmen during the nation 's colonial era .
Mads Hauge is a Norwegian songwriter and producer from Bergen , Norway .
Born to Tunisian parents , Amar Ben Belgacem grew up in France until he was 5 .
Her family moved from Shanghai to Canada when Yuanling Yuan was five years old , and then in 2003 they moved from Ottawa to Toronto .
Jan Willem Pieneman ( Dutch pronunciation : ( jɑn ˈʋɪləm ˈpinəˌmɑn ) ; 4 November 1779 -- 8 April 1853 ) was a painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Lucas Tirigall Caste ( born 1974 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , also known as Lucas TC , is considered one of Argentina 's leading multimedia artists and pioneer in digital media who is recognized for his talents intertwining creative disciplines such as music and visual design through programmatic environments .
James McIlvenna ( 1864 -- December 4 , 1936 ) was a Scottish - born train engineer and politician in Ontario , Canada .
Charles Wong Gye ( 1839 - -1911 ) was a notable New Zealand storekeeper , policeman and interpreter .
Rómulo Díaz de la Vega ( 23 May 1800 -- 3 October 1877 ) was de facto president of Mexico in 1855 .
Erki Nool ( born 25 June 1970 in Võru , Estonia ) is an Estonian decathlete and politician .
Te Rangiataahua Kiniwe Royal ( 1896 - -1965 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , land officer , maori welfare officer , soldier , sportsman .
María Guadalupe González Talavera ( born February 29 , 1992 in Lambaré ) is a Paraguayan model and beauty queen contestant from Paraguay who , after winning at the Nuestra Belleza Paraguay 2013 pageant , represented her country at the 62nd edition of Miss Universe pageant held in Moscow , Russia .
Georgina Beyer ( born November 1957 ) is a New Zealand politician and former Labour Party Member of Parliament .
Balkrishna Mabuhang ( also spelled Bal Krishna Mabuhang ) is an associate professor at Tribuwan University , Nepal .
Yves Daccord ( born in 1964 in Zürich , Switzerland ) is the Director - General of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) Directorate .
Jørgen Holmboe was born near Hammerfest , Norway , on an island a short distance from the northernmost point in Norway .
Kebek ( died 1325/1326 ) was khan of the Chagatai Khanate from 1309 until 1310 , and again from c. 1318 until his death .
Louise Bertin lived her entire life in France .
Anant Sadashiv Altekar ( 1898 - -1960 ; Devanagari : अनंत सदाशिव आळतेकर ) was a historian , archaeologist , and numismatist from Maharashtra , India .
Juan Pablo Forero Carreño ( born August 3 , 1983 ) is a professional track and road cyclist from Colombia .
Santiago Soler y Pla ( Barcelona , Spain ; 12 March 1839 - 1888 ) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of State in 1873 , during the presidency of Nicolás Salmerón of the First Spanish Republic .
At the then Stratford Festival of Canada ( now Stratford Shakespeare Festival ) , the eleven - year - old Graham Abbey took up small parts in A Midsummer Night 's Dream and The Merry Wives of Windsor .
Alik Gunashian or Gyunashyan ( born 1955 , Leninakan , Armenia ) is an Armenian popular singer .
Saviour Montebello ( 1762 - -1809 ) was a Maltese Doctor of Theology , a Professor of Philosophy at the University of Malta , and a Parish Priest of Bormla .
Emmanuel Uduaghan was a founding member and Chairman of the All Nigeria Congress Association for the Warri South Local Government Area , a founder and executive member of the Grassroots Democratic Movement ( GDM ) , and a foundation member of the PDP .
Per Askim ( 24 February 1881 -- 8 March 1963 ) was a Norwegian naval officer who was in command of the two coastal defence ships defending Narvik during the German invasion of Norway on 9 April 1940 .
Arnaud Alessandria ( born July 15 , 1993 in Monaco ) is an alpine skier from Monaco .
Gangodawila Soma Thero ( 24 April 1948 -- 12 December 2003 ) was a bhikkhu ( Buddhist monk ) from Sri Lanka .
Hu Jingyi 胡景翼 ( 1892 - -1925 ) , Chinese general , warlord and military governor of Henan ( 1924 - -25 ) during the Warlord Era of China .
Mary Elizabeth Byrne , M.A. ( July 2 , 1880 -- January 19 , 1931 ) was born in Ireland .
Erik Mongrain ( born April 12 , 1980 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a Canadian composer and guitarist .
Hortensia Blanch Pita ( 1914 - -2004 ) was a writer who was born in Cuba and lived in Spain and Mexico .
Joy Alukkas is an Indian entrepreneur from Thrissur City in Kerala state of India .
Sarfraz Nawaz Malik ( Punjabi , Urdu : سرفراز نواز ملک‎ ) ( born 1 December 1948 , Lahore , Punjab ) is a former Pakistani Test cricketer and politician who discovered reverse swing and was instrumental in Pakistan 's first Test series victories over India and England .
Otto Lindig ( 1881 -- 1966 ) was a German master potter who was a student and later a workshop manager at the famous Bauhaus art school in Weimar , Germany .
Carlos Ginzburg is a conceptual artist and theoretician born in 1946 in La Plata , Argentina .
Wiktor Tołkin ( February 21 , 1922 in Tołkacze , Poland -- May 7 , 2013 ) was a Polish sculptor and architect .
Shahebzada Mohammad Ali Bogra ( 19 October 1909 -- 23 January 1963 ) , also known as Mohammad Ali of Bogra , was a notable East Pakistani politician , diplomat and statesman from East Pakistan ( now Bangladesh ) .
Fabián Edgardo Marcelo Pedacchio Leániz known as Fabián Pedacchio ( born April 12 , 1964 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a Catholic priest , known from 2013 as Personal Secretary of Pope Francis .
Edmund Ho Hau Wah , GOIH , GML , GCM ( Chinese : 何厚鏵 ; pinyin : Hé Hòuhuá ; born 13 March 1955 in Macau with family roots in Panyu , Guangdong ) was the first Chief Executive of the Macau Special Administrative Region ( MSAR ) of the People 's Republic of China .
Anaitha Nair ( born 19 July 1984 ) is an Indian film and theatre actress and singer , best known for playing the role of Aliya Bose , a member of the Indian women 's national hockey team , in the sports - oriented film Chak De India ( 2007 ) , starring Shahrukh Khan .
Harerangi Meihana , also known as Harry Mason , is the seventh and current Tumuaki or President of the Rātana Established Church of New Zealand , and a grandson of the founder of the faith , Tahupōtiki Wiremu Rātana .
David Chilia ( born 10 June 1978 , Vanuatu ) is a Vanuatuan international footballer who plays for Shepherds United FC as a goalkeeper .
Kasper Larsen ( born 25 January 1993 , Denmark ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a centre back for Eredivisie side FC Groningen .
Marco Carola ( born 7 February 1975 , Naples , Italy ) is an Italian electronic musician and DJ .
Łukasz Kadziewicz ( born 20 September 1980 ) , is a Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team in 2001 - 2009 , a participant of the Olympic Games ( Athens 2004 , Beijing 2008 ) , silver medalist of the World Championship 2006 .
Ion Gavrilă Ogoranu ( January 1 , 1923 - May 1 , 2006 ) was a member of the fascist paramilitary organization The Iron Guard , who between 1948 and 1956 , after the Soviet occupation of Romania , became the leader of an armed anti - communist resistance group in the Făgăraş Mountains .
Danilo Popivoda ( Serbian Cyrillic : Данило Попивода ) ( born 1 May 1947 in Lovćenac , Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian former football player of Montenegrin descent .
Halit Ergenç ( Turkish pronunciation : ( haˈlit æɾˈɟentʃ ) ) ( born 30 April 1970 in İstanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish actor .
Mia Murano ( Japanese : 邑野みあ/邑野未亜/Murano Mia , born July 22 , 1986 in Otsu , Shiga , Japan ) is a Japanese model and actress .
Herminio Feliciano Peña Aguilera ( b. Silao , April 25 , 1915 -- Mexico City , May 16 , 1982 ) was a Mexican painter , and engraver .
Kadyrbek Sarbayev ( born 9 December 1966 in Bishkek ) was the foreign minister of Kyrgyzstan from 2009 to 2010 .
Count and Burgrave Christopher Delphicus zu Dohna zu Carwinden ( German : Graf und Burggraf Christoph Delphicus zu Dohna zu Carwinden ; Swedish : greve Kristofer Delphicus af Dohna ) ( June 4 , 1628 -- May 21 , 1668 ) was a soldier and diplomat who emigrated from Prussia to Sweden , becoming a Swedish Field Marshal .
Ji Ru ( Chinese : 籍孺 ) was a trusted personal servant of Emperor Gaozu , the founder of China 's Han Dynasty .
Jacob Ellison ( born 25 February 1985 in Wellington , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays for Fukuoka Sanix Blues in the Japanese Top League .
Henry Dangar ( 1796 - 1861 ) was a surveyor and explorer of Australia in the early period of British colonisation .
Paraire Karaka Paikea ( 1 June 1894 -- 6 April 1943 ) was a New Zealand Māori politician
Poetry from Austria , by Gerald Jatzek and Hansjörg Zauner , Edition Ahnungen , Vienna 1985 , ISBN 3 - 900577 - 01 - 3 Erleichterung beim Zungezeigen .
Nicholas Hlobo is a South African artist based in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Kees Kist ( born August 7 , 1952 in Steenwijk , Overijssel ) is a retired football striker from the Netherlands .
Yuko Moriguchi ( Japanese : 森口祐子 , born 13 April 1955 ) is a Japanese professional golfer who played on the LPGA of Japan Tour and the LPGA Tour .
Desidario Camangyan ( 1952 -- 14 June 2010 ) , also called `` Jessie '' , was a radio journalist for Sunrise FM in Mati City in the southern Philippines .
Dubravka Zubović was born in Zagreb , Croatia , former SFR Yugoslavia where she began her voice studies at the age of 14 and was soon discovered as a young prodigy , graduating from Zagreb Academy of Music with a B.A. degree .
George MacLachlan ( February 7 , 1881 -- November 23 , 1962 ) was a provincial level politician from Alberta , Canada .
Victor Billot is a former co - leader and electoral candidate for New Zealand 's Alliance party .
Silvana Arbia ( born 19 November 1952 in Senise , Italy ) was previously the Registrar of the International Criminal Court .
Abu Sayeed Chowdhury ( January 5 , 1921 - August 2 , 1987 ) was a jurist and the second President of Bangladesh who was the first to be sworn into office .
Mika Kaurismäki 's first film , The Liar ( 1980 ) , was an overnight sensation , when first shown in Finland ; it marked the beginning of the Kaurismäki brothers ' film career and started a new era in Finnish cinema .
Mary Berg ( October 10 , 1924 - 2013 ) was a survivor of the Warsaw Ghetto and author of Warsaw Ghetto , which contains personal journal entries written between 10 October 1939 and 5 March 1944 , during the occupation of Poland in World War II .
Gerrit Willem van Oosten de Bruyn ( 17 October 1727 , Amersfoort -- 16 Juli 1797 , Amersfoort ) , was an 18th - century lawyer from the Northern Netherlands .
Zhang Jingfu or Zhang Jinfu ( simplified Chinese : 张劲夫 ; traditional Chinese : 張勁夫 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jìngfū or Zhāng Jìnfū ; 6 June 1914 -- 31 July 2015 ) was a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Edesio Alejandro Rodríguez Salva , born on March 28 , 1958 , is one of Cuba 's most renowned composers of electronic music for films .
Dagfinn Enerly ( born 9 December 1972 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian former football player .
George Cutfield ( 1799 - -1879 ) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 31 December 1853 to 18 March 1854 , when he resigned ; and 16 February 1858 to 10 April 1867 , when he again resigned .
Virginia da Cunha ( born 15 June 1981 , in Cordoba , Argentina ) is an Argentine singer - songwriter , composer and actress .
Elisabeth Waldheim ( née Ritschel ) ( born 13 April 1922 ) is the widow of Kurt Waldheim , the former UN Secretary - General and President of Austria .
Felix Laband is an electronic music artist born in 1977 in Pietermaritzburg , South Africa .
John I Albert ( Polish : Jan I Olbracht ) ( 27 December 1459 -- 17 June 1501 ) was King of Poland ( 1492 - -1501 ) and Duke of Głogów ( 1491 - -1498 ) .
Dorothea Rockburne ( born c.1932 in Montreal , Canada ) is an abstract painter drawing inspiration primarily from her deep interest in mathematics and astronomy .
Oliver Duff , OBE ( 28 May 1883 -- 2 March 1967 ) was a New Zealand writer , and editor .
Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek the Younger or Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek ( II ) ( January 29 , 1873 -- May 30 , 1944 ) was a Netherlands painter from the Netherlands .
Isaias Matiaba ( Greek : Ησαΐας Ματιάμπα ) ( born December 18 , 1983 in Ioannina , Greece ) is a Greek singer - songwriter .
Johann Flierl was born in rural Germany , near Buchhof , a tiny farmstead ( with three houses ) , near Fürried , in the vicinity of Sulzbach , in the Oberpfalz , Kingdom of Bavaria .
Shakeel Ahmad ( born 2 January 1956 ) was a member of the 12th and 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Soni Sori ( born c. 1975 ) is an Adivasi school teacher turned political leader in Sameli village of Dantewada in south Bastar , Chhattisgarh , India .
The San Francisco Weekly cites 1995 research by a Berkeley graduate student in journalism which says Ching Hai was born Hue Dang Trinh to a Vietnamese mother and an ethnic Chinese father , on 12 May 1950 in a small village in the Quảng Ngãi Province in Vietnam .
Mohammad Reza Zonuzi Motlagh ( Persian : محمدرضا زنوزی مطلق‎ , was born 1967 in Tabriz , East Azerbaijan ) is an Iranian businessman , shareholder , director and owner of several manufacturing , service , banking and sport clubs in Iran .
Ricardo Roberto Francia is an Argentinian musician , cellist , and music arranger , born on May 20 , 1932 in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Group Captain Joseph Orji NDA Regular course 11 was appointed the first Military Governor of Gombe State , Nigeria after it was formed in October 1996 from part of Bauchi State during the military regime of General Sani Abacha .
The Yongli Emperor ( Chinese : 永曆 ; 1623 - -1662 ; reigned 18 November 1646 -- 1 June 1662 ) , personal name Zhu Youlang , was the fourth and last emperor of the Southern Ming dynasty of China .
Richard Larter ( 19 May 1929 -- 25 July 2014 ) was an Australian painter , often identified as one of Australia 's few highly recognisable pop artists .
Sandhurst Tacama Miggins ( born April 24 , 1986 in Tobago , Trinidad & Tobago ) , is a fashion model best known as a contestant and 1st runner - up of the show Make Me a Supermodel , Season 2 .
Arvid Hansen ( 1 March 1916 -- 13 February 1945 ) was a Norwegian resistance member who was executed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany .
Ivan Čičmanec ( born 21 . August 1942 , Bratislava , Slovakia ) is a Slovak writer , poet , essayist and translator .
Maurizio Marchetto ( born February 13 , 1956 ) is a former ice speed skater from Italy , who represented his native country in three consecutive Winter Olympics , starting in 1976 in Innsbruck , Austria .
Manuel García Luna ( Born January 11 , 1984 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican professional soccer player .
Scott Fuglistaller ( born 16 April 1987 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer .
Alan Wills ( born 3 August 1981 , Cumbria ) is an athlete from the United Kingdom .
Petteri Summanen ( born 20 March 1969 in Säkylä , Satakunta , Finland ) is a Finnish actor and screenwriter .
Fredrik K.B. is a Norwegian sculptor ( born 1978 in Oslo , Norway ) living and working nearby Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Peter Martin Orla Lehmann ( 15 May 1810 -- 13 September 1870 ) was a Danish statesman , a key figure in the development of Denmark 's parliamentary government .
Rıfat Ilgaz ( 7 May 1911 -- 7 July 1993 ) was a poet who was born in Cide , in the Kastamonu Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire ( present - day Turkey ) .
George Skeffington Connor , QC ( 1810 -- April 29 , 1863 ) was a lawyer , judge and political figure in Canada West .
Bal Kudtarkar is a radio personality from All India Radio , Mumbai .
Alessandra Mirka Gatti ( born Alessandra Gatti , 19 November 1969 , in Mantua , Italy ) is an Italian Eurobeat singer who is popularly known by her stage name of Domino .
Ifa Muaza claimed to have left his home in Nigeria because members of the proscribed Islamist group Boko Haram threatened to kill him if he did not join them .
Wanasthana Sajakul , also known as Big Hoy ( former name : Thawatchai Sajakul ) is a Thai politician and former member of parliament , former manager for the Thailand national football team from 1993 to 1996 , and manager of Thailand Premier League side Chula - Sinthana FC .
Reinhold Rudenberg was born in Hanover , Germany to a family of Jewish descent .
Colonel Muhammadu Abdullahi Wase ( died June 1996 ) was military administrator of Kano State in Nigeria from December 1993 --
Tony Angiboust ( born 10 June 1983 in Chamonix , France ) is an internationally elite curler from France .
Maulana Abdul Bari Nadvi was born in 1886 in the Barabanki district near Lucknow in the UP Province of India .
Davies founded Siobhan Davies Dance Company , a contemporary dance company in the United Kingdom , in 1988 .
Angela Slatter is an award - winning writer based in Brisbane , Australia .
Yves Mersch ( born 1 October 1949 in Luxembourg City ) is a Luxembourgian jurist and lawyer who served as Governor of the Central Bank of Luxembourg from the bank 's formation in 1998 until 2012 and as a member of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank since 2012 .
In the iconoclastic fever of the May 1968 events in France , René Gsell was criticized as a representative of old - style , retrograde scholarship and had to discontinue his teaching in Grenoble .
Somsavat Lengsavad ( born 1945 ) is a deputy prime minister of Laos .
Martin Akakia ( 1500 - 1551 ) was a physician of King Francis I of France .
Born in Vitoria - Gasteiz , Álava , Basque Country , Spain , Koldo played his entire career in the country .
Francis Alexander McMinn ( 10 November 1874 -- 8 August 1947 ) , usually known as Alex or Paddy McMinn was a New Zealand rugby union player .
Davide Perino ( born July 21 , 1981 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian actor and dubber , the most representative of the sixth generation of dubbing .
Competing with over half a million applicants , Mohammad Khorrami ranked first in national university entrance exams ( konkoor - e sarasari ) of 1984 in Iran .
Raywat Meerian is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Born in Jos , Nigeria , Francis Ikechukwu grew up with well - known players from Jos such as John Obi Mikel and Obinna Nsofor .
Mohammad - Ali Ramin ( born 1954 in Dezful , Iran ) is an Iranian politician , political analyst and writer who served as the Deputy Minister of Culture and a presidential advisor under President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Lieutenant General Lê Nguyên Khang ( 11 June 1931 -- 12 November 1996 ) was a Marine Commander of the Republic of Vietnam Marine Corps for South Vietnam .
Darren Rameka is a New Zealand former rugby league player who played professionally in Australia .
Emmanuel Bwacha is a Nigerian politician who was elected to the Senate for the Taraba South constituency of Taraba State , Nigeria , in the April 2011 federal elections .
Jean - Philippe Durand ( born 11 November 1960 , in Lyon , France ) is a former football player .
Melitón Manzanas González ( 1906 in Donostia - San Sebastián - 1968 ) was a high - ranking police officer in Francoist Spain , known as a torturer and the first planned victim of ETA .
Silvija Nedeljković ( Serbian : Силвија Недељковић ) ( born March 26 , 1984 in Belgrade , Serbia , then SFRY ) is a contestant on the second season of Serbian Idol and on the third season of Zvezde Granda .
Sir James Blindell ( 1884 -- 10 May 1937 ) was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom , who served as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Holland with Boston from 1929 until his death .
Denis Retaillé ( born 1953 , Mayenne , France ) is a Professor of Geography at the University of Bordeaux III and the Director of the CNRS ADES Research Unit , UMR 5186 .
In France , the inquiry into the misinformation about the history of Ukraine conducted in 2001 by Iaroslav Lebedynsky and his colleague Iryna Dmytrychyn , led to the creation of the collection , Présence Ukrainienne .
Lieutenant General James Hamilton , 4th Duke of Hamilton and 1st Duke of Brandon KG KT ( 11 April 1658 -- 15 November 1712 ) was a Scottish nobleman , the Premier Peer of Scotland and Keeper of the Palace of Holyroodhouse .
Gabriel Tschumi ( 1883 - -27 April 1957 ) was a native of Switzerland who served as Master Chef to three British monarchs - Queen Victoria , King Edward VII and King George V.
Karn Jit Budhathoki ( Nepali : करणजीत बुडाथोकी ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Barbara Rittner ( born 25 April 1973 ) is a former professional tennis player who comes from Germany .
Anders Johan Sjögren , also spelled Andreas Johan Sjögren , May 8 , 1794 Iitti , Finland --
Heremia Te Wake ( c.1830s -- 29 November 1918 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , farmer , assessor and catechist .
Tilman Baumgärtel ( born 1966 , Würzburg , Bavaria , Germany ) is a German author , media theorist and journalist .
Jake Ootes ( born August 5 , 1942 ) is a retired territorial level politician and newspaper and magazine publisher from Northwest Territories , Canada .
Anwar Adnan Saleh ( born 1948 ) is the current Governor of West Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Prince Pedro Henrique of Orléans - Braganza ( Portuguese : Pedro Henrique Afonso Felipe Maria Miguel Gabriel Rafael Gonzaga de Orléans e Bragança ; 13 September 1909 -- 5 July 1981 ) , was a great - grandson of the last emperor of Brazil , Pedro II , and one of two claimants to the abolished throne .
William Soltau Davidson ( 15 June 1846- 17 July 1924 ) was the New Zealand pioneer of refrigerated shipping .
Aamir Saleem ( Punjabi , Urdu : عامر سلیم‎ , born 20 February in Multan , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani musician , composer , songwriter , singer who had numerous hits in the early 91 such as `` Woh Taron Bhari '' & `` C.B. Chali Ana '' .
Marzieh Rasouli is an Iranian journalist who writes about culture and the arts for several of Iran 's reformist and independent publications .
Mishael Cheshin ( Hebrew : מישאל חשין‎‎ ; February 16 , 1936 -- September 19 , 2015 ) was an Israeli Justice who served in the Supreme Court of Israel from 1992 to 2006 .
Lưu Quang Minh ( born 18 May 1988 ) is a writer and singer from Vietnam .
Baron Samu Hazai ( German : Samuel Freiherr von Hazai , 26 December 1851 -- 10 February 1942 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician of Jewish origin , who served as Minister of Defence of Hungary between 1910 and 1917 .
Justice ( R ) Majida Rizvi ( Urdu : ماجدہ رضوی‎ ) is the first woman judge of a High Court in Pakistan .
Peeter Torop ( born November 28 , 1950 in Tallinn , Estonia ) is an Estonian semiotician .
Carl Zeus Issariotis ( born June 26 , 1981 in Toronto , Canada ) is a Canadian figure skater who currently represents Greece internationally .
Pierre Beuchot was born in 1938 in Les Pavillons - sous - Bois , near Paris , France .
Robert Philip Temple ( born 1939 in Yorkshire , England ) is a Dunedin - based New Zealand author of novels , children 's stories , and non - fiction .
Jeremy Mercer ( born 1971 in Ottawa , Canada ) is an author and journalist whose books include Time Was Soft There ( St. Martin 's Press , New York , 2005 ) and When the Guillotine Fell ( St. Martin 's Press , New York , 2008 ) .
Klark Kent ( born 1973 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany ) is a graffiti artist and music producer .
Swami Chinmayanand ( born 3 March 1947 ) is a former union minister state of India .
Josef Kumbela ( born 1958 ) is an actor and filmmaker from the Democratic Republic of the Congo who has won awards for his acting .
Kjetil Saunes ( born 22 October 1962 in Ulsteinvik , Norway ) is a Norwegian musician ( bass ) , composer and songwriter raised in , and still residing in , Oslo .
Donato Giuseppe Frisoni ( 1683 - 1785 ) was an Italian architect active during the Rococo period in Northern Italy , Southern Germany , and Bohemia .
The combined Mané Garrincha is common among fans in Brazil .
Vladislav Mikhailovich Topalov ( Russian : Владислав Михайлович Топалов ; born 25 October 1985 ) better known like just Vlad Topalov ( Влад Топалов ) is a singer , dancer and actor born in Moscow , Russia .
Dušan Tittel ( born 27 December 1966 ) is a former footballer from Slovakia , who played internationally for Czechoslovakia ( 11 caps ) and Slovakia ( 44 caps , 7 goals ) .
Judith Auer ( née Vallentin ) ( 19 September 1905 -- 27 October 1944 ) was a resistance fighter against the Nazi régime in Germany .
Bogdan Barbu ( born 27 May 1980 in Braşov ) is a rally driver from Romania .
Valérie Donzelli is born in Épinal ( France ) .
In 1983 Sigmund Widmer initiated a parliamentary motion to establish the Historical Dictionary of Switzerland .
Giannis Kalatzis ( Greek : Γιάννης Καλατζής , born 29 April 1943 ) is a Greek singer who was especially popular in Greece in the late 1960s and the first half of the 1970s .
Helen Lilian Shaw ( 1913 - -1985 ) was a notable New Zealand short - story writer , poet and editor .
Micki Meuser ( born in Alsdorf , near Aachen , Germany ) , also known as Mickey Meuser ( real name Hans - Georg Meuser ) , is a German bass player , studio musician and music producer for bands such as Die Ärzte , Ideal , Ina Deter , Lemonbabies , among others .
Bevan Spencer von Einem ( born c. 1945 ) , also known as Bevan von Einem , is a convicted child murderer from Adelaide , South Australia and suspected serial killer .
In 633 , during the Muslim invasion of Iran , the Muslims destroyed Amghishiya , an important military post near al - Hira , which Azadbeh saw of much importance .
Dharam Dass Shastri ( born 10 March 1937 in Hyderabad , Sindh , ( now in Pakistan ) ) is politician from Delhi , India .
Jorge Cortez ( born September 4 , 1972 in Panama City , Panama ) is a baseball pitcher who is perhaps most notable for being on Panama 's roster in the 2006 World Baseball Classic and the 2009 World Baseball Classic .
Cristina Serafini was born in Turin , Italy , the only child of a housewife and a pizza maker .
Bassim Abbas Gatea Al - Ogaili ( Arabic : باسم عباس كاطع العجيلي‎ ; born July 1 , 1982 in Baghdad , Iraq ) is an Iraqi professional footballer who plays as a left back for Al - Shorta .
Marco Bliggensdorfer better known as Bligg ( born September 30 , 1976 in Schwamendingen ) is a rapper from Zurich , Switzerland .
Marko Ćetković ( Cyrillic ; Mapкo Ћeткoвић , born 10 July 1986 in Podgorica ) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga as well as the Montenegro national team .
Myslim Peza ( 1 May 1897 in Pezë -- 1984 in Tirana ) was a distinguished World War 2 veteran who led the anti - fascist movement `` Çeta e Pezës '' the members of which founded the Communist Party of Albania .
Prof . Dr. Thomas Schuster , born in Germany , is professor of economics at the Baden - Württemberg Cooperative State University Mannheim .
Douglas Bryce Rope ( 11 February 1923 -- 2 March 2013 ) was the coach of the New Zealand rugby union team from 1983 to 1984 .
Frans Hjalmar Nortamo ( better known as Hj . Nortamo , also known as Nordling , June 13 , 1860 in Rauma -- November 30 , 1931 in Pori ) was a writer and a medical doctor who is usually associated with Rauma , Finland , although he also lived in other , neighboring towns and municipalities .
He Jin ( died 189 ) , courtesy name Suigao , was the elder half - brother of Empress He , consort to Emperor Ling of the late Eastern Han Dynasty in China .
Mohammad Ali Yahyavi Kalkhoran ( Persian : محمدعلی یحیوی کلخوران‎ , born 22 March 1962 in Iran ) is an Iranian football Goalkeeper who played for Iran national football team and Esteghlal FC .
Bibit Waluyo is the governor of Indonesia 's Central Java province for 2008 - 2013 term .
Dina Tersago ( born 3 January 1979 in Puurs , Antwerp ) was Miss Belgium 2001 and her country 's representative at both Miss Universe 2001 and Miss World 2001 .
Born in Russia , Dina Parakhina studied at the Moscow Central School of Music with Tamara Bobovich and later at the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory with Yevgeny Malinin .
James Rolleston ( born 8 June 1997 ) is a New Zealand actor known for the films Boy and The Dark Horse .
Renata Kolbovic ( born July 30 , 1976 ) is a former tennis player , who was born in Czechoslovakia but competed for Canada .
Osman Nuri Topbaş ( born in 1942 ) is a Turkish Sufi master and author who lives in Istanbul , Turkey .
Daniel Kovac ( born 27 September 1956 in Črna na Koroškem , Yugoslavia ( now Slovenia ) ) is a Slovenian singer , best known for his participation in the 1990 Eurovision Song Contest .
Louis de Caullery in the RKD Louis de Caullery at the Netherlands Institute for Art History Louis de Caullery on Artnet
Jarlath McDonagh ( born 1 June 1945 ) is a Fine Gael politician from County Galway in Ireland .
Raja Sen ( Born 10 November 1955 ) is an Indian film and television director , and the winner of three National Film Awards from Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Caroline Ada Seville ( 1874 - -1955 ) was a notable New Zealand nurse , hospital matron and community leader .
Fernando Guzmán Solórzano ( 30 May 1812 Tipitapa -- 19 October 1891 Granada ) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 March 1867 to 1 March 1871 .
Loes Markerink ( born 14 December 1985 in Delfzijl ) is a former road cyclist from the Netherlands .
Rouwaida Attieh ( Arabic : رويدا عطية‎‎ ) is a Syrian vocalist , born in Talklakh , Syria , 40 kilometers from Homs ( ancient Emesa ) .
Jakko Jan Leeuwangh ( born 9 September 1972 ) is a former speed skater from the Netherlands .
Since the age of 15 , O - Jay was involved in the upcoming Hip hop Movement in Germany .
Sangita Dabir ( Devanagari : संगीता दबीर ; born 22 January 1971 ) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India .
Prince Andrew of Yugoslavia ( Serbian Cyrillic : Андреј Карађорђевић ; 28 June 1929 -- 7 May 1990 ) was born in Bled , Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes , subsequently Kingdom of Yugoslavia , now Slovenia .
Malamine Koné ( December 21 , 1971 in Niéna , Mali ) is a Malian and French entrepreneur .
Aleksandra Sarchadjieva ( Bulgarian : Александра Сърчаджиева ) ( born May 20 , 1983 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian actress and also television host of Big Brother ( Bulgaria ) and Dancing Stars ( Bulgarian TV series ) .
John Halliday Scott ( 28 December 1851 -- 25 February 1914 ) was a notable New Zealand university professor , artist and medical school dean .
Xavier Dupré is a typeface designer born in Aubenas ( Ardèche ) , France in 1977 .
James McKerrow FRAS ( 7 July 1834 -- 29 June 1919 ) was an astronomer , Surveyor - General of New Zealand , and Chief Commissioner of Railways in New Zealand .
Karl Topia was an Albanian feudal prince and warlord , who between them ruled Albania from the middle of the 14th century until the Ottoman conquest .
Rune Sola ( born 1985 ) is a Norwegian motorcycle speedway rider who rode in 2004 Speedway Grand Prix of Norway .
John Mark Totich ( 1882 - -1957 ) was a notable New Zealand gum - digger , boarding - house keeper , community leader and consul .
Sandy Chan Wing Suet ( also Chan Wing Suet , or Sandy Chan Chinese : 陳詠雪 ; pinyin : Chén Yǒngxuě ; Jyutping : can4 wing6 syut3 ; born September 26 , 1986 ) is a Hong Kong former swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Matt Redman ( born 14 February 1974 ) is an English Christian worship leader , singer - songwriter and author based in Brighton , East Sussex , United Kingdom .
Jules Dove Attia ( Arabic : جول دوف عطية ) better known as Dove Attia ( born in Tunisia on 8 June 1957 ) is an musical producer television personality .
Venerable Sergius of Radonezh ( Russian : Се́ргий Ра́донежский , Sergii Radonezhsky ; 14 May 1314 -- 25 September 1392 ) , also transliterated as Sergey Radonezhsky or Serge of Radonezh , was a spiritual leader and monastic reformer of medieval Russia .
Joaquín Vallejo Arbeláez ( 2 October 1912 -- 31 December 2005 ) was a Colombian civil engineer , businessman and writer who served as 12th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations , and held various ministries during the Military Junta and the National Front in Colombia .
Francisco Luis Urquizo Benavides ( 21 June 1891 , San Pedro de las Colonias , Coahuila -- 6 April 1969 , Mexico City ) was a Mexican soldier , revolutionary general , writer and historian .
Lia van Leer ( Hebrew : ליה ון ליר‎ , née Greenberg ; August 8 , 1924 - March 13 , 2015 ) was a pioneer in the field of art film programming and film archiving in Israel .
Sherisse Stevens ( b. Sherisse Laurence , Selkirk , Manitoba , Canada ) is a singer and entertainer .
Ulla Koivuranta ( born 19 March 1959 Vaasa , Finland ) is a Finnish actress .
Đoàn Minh Phượng ( b. Saigon , South Vietnam , 1956 ) is a noted film director from Vietnam .
Zhu Youyuan ( Chinese : 朱祐杬 ) ( 22 July 1476 -- 13 July 1519 ) , a prince of the Ming dynasty of China .
Alhaji Isa Ibrahim Bio ( born April 1957 ) was appointed by President Umaru Yar'Adua as Nigeria 's Minister of Transportation on 17 December 2008 .
Willem Pieter Hoevenaar ( 1808 , Utrecht -- 1863 , Utrecht ) , was a 19th - century painter , draughtsman , lithographer and watercolor artist from the Northern Netherlands .
Mindaugas Ežerskis ( born August 2 , 1977 in Tauragė ) is a three - time Olympic wrestler from Lithuania , who competed for the heavyweight division and wrestling coach .
Roger Melin ( born April 25 , 1956 in Enköping , Sweden ) is a Swedish ice hockey coach and former player , who has been head coach of Linköping HC of the SHL since 2012 .
Soleyman Binafard ( Persian : سلیمان بینافرد‎ ; born 1933 ) is a former Iranian sport wrestler who holds the distinction of being the only Jew in Iran to join Iran 's national wrestling team .
Zsigmond was born in Szeged , Hungary , the son of Bozena ( née Illichman ) , an administrator , and Vilmos Zsigmond , a celebrated soccer player and coach .
Molvi Muhammad Hussain Batalvi ( c.1840 - 1920 ) was a notable Ahl al - Hadith religious scholar of 19th Century Punjab ( British India ) and editor of the magazine the Isha - atu - Sunnah .
Kurt Dopfer is an Austrian - born Swiss economist , since 1980 Professor at the Department of Economics of University of St. Gallen , Switzerland , chair of international economics and development theory , Co - director of Institute of Economics , member University Senate , Emeritus , researcher of Swiss National Science Foundation .
Roman Friedli ( born 13 March 1979 in Kathmandu , Nepal ) is a Swiss football player .
Sarazino ( born Lamine Fellah , 3 March 1970 in Constantine , Algeria ) is an Algerian musician , songwriter and record producer , who first created the Sarazino project in 1995 while living in Montreal , Canada .
Miguel Alessio Robles is a lawyer , notary public , public official , and professor in law in Mexico .
Sohn Kyung - han ( born 22 March 1951 ) is a defence attorney and law professor based in Seoul , South Korea .
Alfred Dampier ( 1843 -- 23 May 1908 ) was an English - born actor - manager and playwright , active in Australia .
Cesar Acevedo ( born 5 September 1953 ) is a retired football player from El Salvador and currently head coach of Nuevo San Sebastian .
Paul Harather ( born March 30 , 1965 in Mödling , Lower Austria ) is an Austrian film director , producer and screenplay author .
Belisario Mattera was an Italian musician and mandolin virtuoso who is recorded as the first mandolinist to give instruction on his instrument ( in 1873 ) to the Princess Margherita of the Royal family of Italy .
Marie Émilie de Joly de Choin ( Marie Émilie Thérèse ; 2 August 1670 -- 1732 ) was a French lady - in - waiting , the lover and later the morganatic spouse of Louis , Dauphin of France .
Ahmad Toukan ( Ahmad Tuqan ) ( 15 August 1903 - -1981 ) was a Jordanian political leader of Palestinian descent who was the Prime Minister of Jordan from 26 September 1970 to 28 October 1970 .
James Muspratt ( 12 August 1793 -- 4 May 1886 ) was a British chemical manufacturer who was the first to make alkali by the Leblanc process on a large scale in the United Kingdom .
Patrick Chamusso ( born in 1949 in Mozambique ) is a member of the African National Congress party of South Africa who participated in the militant actions of the organization during the apartheid era .
Flavius Sigisvultus ( fl . 427 - -448 ) was a general of the late Western Roman Empire .
nHis former club was FC Artmedia Bratislava and previously the Slovakia national football team Early life Miroslav Hýll was born in Žilina , Slovakia on 20 September 1973 .
Mikołaj II Radziwiłł ( Lithuanian : Mikalojus Radvila ) ( 1470 - -1521 ) was a magnate and statesman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania .
José Lino Vargas was born on 6 March 1930 in Pichilemu , in current Cardenal Caro Province , Region of O'Higgins , Chile .
Agapios Salomon Naoum , BS ( born on 1 August 1882 in Wadi Ed Deir , Lebanon - died on May 1 , 1967 ) was Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Tyre in Lebanon .
Adolph Fischer was born in Bremen , Germany and attended school there for eight years .
Derek Carpenter ( born 26 July 1988 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as either a first five - eighth or a centre .
Ugo Nastrucci ( born 14 December 1953 in Milan , Italy ) is a lutenist , theorbist , and composer .
John Purcell Dickie ( born 14 July 1874 ) was a Liberal Party ( later National Liberal ) politician in the United Kingdom .
Josiane Kartheiser ( born 28 November 1950 ) is a Luxembourg journalist , novelist and children 's writer .
Yasuhiro Kido ( Japanese : 城戸康裕 ; born December 25 , 1982 ) is a Japanese welterweight kickboxer competing in K-1 MAX . He is 2008 K-1 World MAX Japan tournament champion .
Admiral Ramón Castro Jijón ( 15 November 1915 -- 1 November 1984 ) was President of Ecuador 11 July 1963 to 29 March 1966 .
Born in Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago , Stokely Carmichael moved to Harlem , in New York , New York , in 1952 at the age of eleven , to rejoin his parents .
Jesusa Rodríguez ( born 1955 , Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican director , actress , playwright , performance artist , and social activist .
Leone Wollemborg and a group of about 30 farm workers and small landowners founded Italy 's first cooperative bank in Loreggia in 1883 .
Nicole Petignat ( born on October 27 , 1966 in La Chaux - de - Fonds , Switzerland ) is a Swiss former football referee .
Every two years the Otto Naegeli Prize for the promotion of medical research is awarded to a scientist working in Switzerland who has made outstanding contributions to biomedical and/or clinical research and is likely to continue doing so .
Nydia Quintero Turbay ( born 28 August 1932 ) is the ex - wife of the 25th President of Colombia , Julio César Turbay Ayala , and served as First Lady of Colombia from 1978 to 1982 when they were still married .
Alessandro Ferreira Leonardo ( born 10 March 1987 ) , commonly known as Sandro ( Chinese : 辛祖 ) , is a Brazil - born Hong Kong football player who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Kitchee and the Hong Kong national team .
Yasmeen Ismail ( 28 March 1950 , Rawalpindi - 18 January 2002 , Karachi ) was a noted television actress and theatre director from Pakistan .
Noeline Gourley was a New Zealand hurdler .
Odysseas Angelis ( Greek : Οδυσσέας Αγγελής , 1912 - -1987 ) was Vice - President of Greece in 1973 , during the `` republican '' period of the military junta of 1967 - -1974 .
Horst Mandl ( born January 8 , 1936 in Graz , Steiermark , Austria ) is an Austrian athlete .
Kwabena Frimpong - Boateng ( born 1950 ) is a Ghanaian physician and cardiothoracic surgeon who established the National Cardiothoracic Center and the Ghana Red Cross Society .
Born an ethnic German - Jewish in Prague on March 15 , 1908 , Kurt Baum attended high school in Cologne , Germany where his father did business and attended medical school at the University of Prague .
Enes Fermino ( born 29 May 1987 in Democratic Republic of the Congo ) Congolese footballer who also has Swiss nationality .
Gernot Grabher ( born 13 April 1960 in Dornbirn , Austria ) is an economic geographer and Professor of Urban and Regional Economic Studies at the HafenCity University Hamburg .
Artur Schnabel never returned to Germany or Austria after the war .
Beatriz Ferrer - Salat Serra de Migui ( born March 11 , 1966 ) is an equestrian from Spain who competes internationally in the sport of dressage .
Bence Lenzsér ( born on April 9 , 1996 in Győr , Hungary ) is a Hungarian footballer .
Prawit Prariwanta ( Thai : ประวิทย์ ปะริวันตา , born September 9 , 1983 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Archibald Livingstone ( August 10 , 1827 -- October 10 , 1890 ) was a merchant and politician in Ontario , Canada .
Zsolt Gáspár ( born May 17 , 1977 in Budapest ) is a butterfly swimmer from Hungary , who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 2000 .
Maharaj Shri Ranvirsinhji ( 7 October 1919 -- 4 April 1962 ) , a member of the Jamnagar royal family , played first - class cricket in India from 1936 to 1952 .
Enrico Lorenzo Macam Pineda , better known by his screen name Enzo Pineda ( born August 12 , 1990 in Quezon City , Philippines ) , is a finalist in the fifth season of GMA Network 's StarStruck V.
Mirko Kovats ( born 3 August 1948 ) is an Austrian investor mainly known for his role as founder , majority owner ( indirectly , through his private foundation known as `` MUST '' ) and chairman of the Austrian Traded Index listed company A - TEC Industries , one of the largest industrial groups in Austria .
Frankie Sheahan ( born August 27 , 1976 in Toronto , Canada ) is a retired Hooker and played for Munster from 1996 up to the end of the 2008 - -09 season , and also for the Ireland where he gained 29 caps , having made his debut on June 10 , 2000 .
Christian Cambas is a DJ and producer based in Athens , Greece .
Manuel Blanco Romasanta ( 18 November 1809 -- 14 December 1863 ) is Spain 's first documented serial killer .
Hiroyasu Shimizu ( 清水宏保 in Japanese , born 27 February 1974 in Obihiro , Hokkaidō , Japan ) is a Japanese speed skater .
On the anniversary of his birth in 2007 , Germany honoured Paul Klinger with a commemorative postage stamp that had a print - run of ten million .
Vincent Delpuech was born on April 5 , 1888 in Port - de - Bouc , a village in Provence , Southern France .
Katri Rosendahl ( born November 1984 ) , is a Finnish endurance rider from Hyvinkää in southern Finland .
Yash Gera ( born 25 May 1986 ) is a model , actor , anchor and DJ ( disc jockey ) from New Delhi(India ) .
Erin O'Hara ( born 23 September 1983 ) is a former professional triathlete and kundalini yoga teacher from New Zealand .
Tilman Esslinger received his PhD in physics from the University of Munich and the Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics , Germany , in 1995 .
Kumara Wendakoon is a volleyball player , coach and currently the Head Coach of the Sri Lanka men 's national volleyball team .
Cüneyt Vicil ( born January 4 , 1980 in La Louvière , Belgium ) is a Turkish - Belgian futsal player .
Jennette Jansen ( born c. 1968 , Westerhaar ) is a Paralympian from the Netherlands competing mainly in category TW4 wheelchair racing and later as a basketball player .
Joseph Veloce has also entered himself , and co - athlete , Lisa Perlmutter in the chance to participate in The Amazing Race Canada .
Nicolaus Bergensköld was born May 20 , 1838 , at Vintrosa parish in Orebro , Sweden .
Muhammad Wazir Khan ( reigned 1834 - -1864 ) was the second ruler of the princely state of Tonk ( in the present day Rajasthan state of India ) .
Pierre Gage ( born 3 January 1977 , Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) , known by his last name Gage , is a Francophone Canadian singer / songwriter of Haitian and Jamaican ancestry .
Born in Le Dorat , France , Joseph Guillemot 's lungs were severely damaged by mustard gas , when he fought in World War I. Also his heart was located on the right hand side of his chest .
Jérôme Noetinger ( 1966 in Marseille ) is an improviser and composer of electroacoustic music based in Rives , France .
Otar Gordeli ( November 18 , 1928 -- 1994 ) was a composer in the country of Georgia .
Arihito Muramatsu ( 村松 有人 , born December 12 , 1972 ) is a former professional baseball player from Kanazawa , Ishikawa , Japan .
Alain Delon lives in Chêne - Bougeries in the Canton of Geneva , Switzerland with his two youngest children .
Jan Willem Pieter Zandvliet ( Leiden , Netherlands , 14 April 1969 ) is a Dutch mixed media artist .
Adib Kenkre is a retired Central Railway Zone ( India ) employee .
Daniele Laumann ( Born July 8 , 1961 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian rower .
Faik Ergin ( born 16 February 1978 , İskenderun ) , is a Turkish actor and model , who won the Turkish contests Best Model of Turkey and Best Model of World in 2000 .
Lernik Papyan ( Armenian : Լէռնիկ Պապյան , born October 26 , 1966 in Vanadzor , Lori Province , Armenian SSR ) is a retired boxer from Armenia .
Edward John is a prominent First Nations political leader in Canada .
Zhang Lexing ( 張樂行 , 1810 - -1863 ) was a guerrilla leader during the Nien Rebellion in China .
Koçi Xoxe ( pronounced ( ˈkɔtʃi ˈdzɔdzɛ ) ; May 1 , 1911 -- June 11 , 1949 ) was the Defence and Interior Minister of Albania for some time under Enver Hoxha .
Sheila Jeffreys ( born 13 May 1948 ) , an English expatriate in Australia , is best known as a lesbian feminist scholar and political activist , for her analysis of the history and politics of sexuality in Britain , and for her controversial views on transsexualism .
Gerald Nagler , Honorary Chair of the Board of Civil Rights Defenders and founder of the Swedish Helsinki Committee for Human Rights , was presented the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art by the Republic of Austria on October 18 , 2011 .
Michael Lawry is a New Zealand rock musician .
Nicolasa Pradera Mendive was born on 7 December 1870 in Markina - Xemein , of the Basque Country of northern Spain .
Antonio Mohamed started his career in Argentina with Huracán in 1987 , when the club was playing in the second division .
Mireya Correa ( b. Feb. 6 , 1940 , Panamá ) is a botanist known for her work with the flora of Panama .
Raffaele Monti ( Eboli , Italy , February 15 , 1981 ) is an Italian director , screenwriter , actor , independent producer and cinema and TV critic .
Bahman Jahantigh ( Persian : بهمن جهان‌تیغ‎‎ ) ; is an Iranian Football Striker who currently plays for Iranian football club Foolad in the Iran Pro League .
Cheung Tat - ming ( Chinese : 張達明 ) ( born 2 July 1964 ) is a Hong Kong actor , comedian , director and writer .
Gearoid Towey ( born 26 March 1977 in Fermoy , Republic of Ireland ) is an Irish Olympic Athlete and former World Rowing Champion , Trans - Atlantic adventurer and actor .
Niranjan Iyengar , born in Anand , India , is a screenwriter and lyricist particularly known for his work with director Karan Johar .
Marilina Bertoldi ( Santa Fe , Argentina , September 13 , 1988 ) is an Argentinian singer - songwriter and guitarist from Sunchales in Santa Fe .
Kishan Shrikanth ( Hindi : किशन श्रीकांत , Kannada : ಕಿಶನ್ ಶ್ರೀಕಾಂತ್ ) ( born 6 January 1996 ) , professionally known as Kishan SS or Master Kishan , is a film actor & director from India .
Sir Frank Wilton Baillie , KBE ( August 9 , 1875 -- January 2 , 1921 ) was a Canadian industrialist who played a significant role in establishing the modern steel industry in Canada .
John Alexander Wilkinson ( September 14 , 1789 -- September 17 , 1862 ) was a judge and political figure in Upper Canada .
Lis Hartel ( March 14 , 1921 - February 12 , 2009 ) was an equestrian from Denmark .
Bear Grylls in the United Kingdom .
Verné Lesche , married Vanberg ( 11 October 1917 -- 21 April 2002 ) was a speed skater from Finland who twice won the World Allround Championships .
Francisco Gil Díaz ( born on 2 September 1943 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican economist who served as Secretary of Finance in the cabinet of President Vicente Fox and currently serves as regional chairman of Telefónica for Mexico and Central America .
Alireza Nourmohammadi ( Persian : علیرضا نورمحمدی‎‎ , born 3 July 1981 in Tehran ) ( also known as Reza Nourmohammadi ) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays and captains for Persepolis in the Iran Pro League .
John George Chedid ( Arabic : جون جورج شديد ) ( born on July 4 , 1923 in Edde , Lebanon -- died on March 21 , 2012 ) was a Lebanese - born American Maronite hierarch .
Background Noemí Carrión , who originates from Alicante , Comunidad Valenciana , Spain , is a solo artist who has also been part of numerous groups including Nómadas and Nieva , .
Constantine Bohachevsky ( June 17 , 1884 - January 6 , 1961 ) , born in Manajiv , Ukraine , was an Archbishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Church .
Isidorus ( born c. 139 ) was a native ancient Egyptian priest in the 2nd century during the Roman rule in Egypt .
Simon Fraser Tolmie , PC ( January 25 , 1867 -- October 13 , 1937 ) was a veterinarian , farmer , politician , and the 21st Premier of the Province of British Columbia , Canada .
Issa Losseny Doumbia ( born April 5 , 1992 in Ivory Coast ) is a Nigerien and Ivorian football player who plays for Chippa United and the Niger national football team .
Bernhard Askvig ( September 6 , 1885 -- October 31 , 1954 ) was a Norwegian police officer and Nazi collaborator during the German occupation of Norway from 1940 to 1945 .
Koka Subba Rao ( born 15 July 1902 -- 6 May 1976 ) was the ninth Chief Justice of India ( 1958 - -1967 ) .
Fabio Barcellandi ( born March 22 , 1968 in Brescia , Italy ) is an Italian poet and translator .
Tamotsu Suzuki ( 鈴木 保 , born 29 April 1947 in Urawa , Saitama , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
Richard Martin Edwards , known as Prof Edwards ( born 3 June 1940 in Christ Church , Barbados ) , is a former cricketer .
Ihaia Hutana ( c.1844 - -9 November 1938 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader , newspaper editor and assessor .
Serhiy Shebek ( born on 14 June 1960 , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a former Ukrainian football referee .
Vikram Nair ( born 18 July 1978 ) is a politician and lawyer from Singapore .
Steve Aylett ( born 1967 in Bromley , United Kingdom ) is a satirical science fiction and slipstream author ( most recently adopted by the bizarro movement ) .
Terry Loder ( born February 3 , 1953 ) is a Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Abdulrazak Eid , Abdul razzak Eid , Abdul razaq Eid , Abdel razzak Eid , Abdul razzaq Eid , or Abd al Razzaq ' I d ( Arabic:عبد الرزاق عيد ; born September 10 , 1950 ) is a Syrian writer and thinker and one of Syria 's leading reformers .
Naji Sabri Ahmad Al - Hadithi ( Arabic : ناجي صبري أحمد الحديثي‎ ) served as the Iraqi Foreign Minister under Saddam Hussein in the lead - up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Gail McIntosh ( born 1955 in Woodville ) is a former New Zealand politician of the National Party .
Anne Azéma 's special field is secular / vernacular song of France and Provence in the Middle Ages .
Cynthia Johnston Turner is a conductor and clinician in the United States , Latin America , Europe and Canada .
Ashley Lobo is an Indian choreographer and was also one of the three judges for the Indian reality dance talent show India 's Dancing Superstar on Star Plus .
Shyqri Nimani ( born 1941 in Shkodër , Albania ) is an Albanian graphic designer and professor .
Haribon Chebani was the Provisional President of the Comoros from November 26 , 1989 to November 27 , 1989 .
Guglielmo Ebreo da Pesaro ( c. 1420 -- c. 1484 ) was a Jewish Italian dancer and dancing master at some of the most influential courts in Renaissance Italy , including Naples , Urbino , Milan , and Ferrara .
Ann Winsborn ( born 5 July 1981 in Malmö , Sweden ) is a Swedish artist , singer and songwriter .
Tetsuya Tani ( 谷 哲也 , born July 9 , 1985 in Tokushima , Tokushima , Japan ) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
María Larraín de Vicuña ( ? -- 23 September 1928 , Santiago , Chile ) was a writer and activist in the nascent Chilean feminist movement in the early twentieth century .
Olivia Hamnett ( c1943 , St Helens , Lancashire - November 2001 ) was a British actress who found success after emigrating to Australia in 1971 .
Children in Need 2011 is a campaign held in the United Kingdom to raise money for Children in Need .
Pauline Kael reviewed the film in The New Yorker : `` Blier 's method worked in Les valseuses , and it works in Préparez les mouchoirs , but something went wrong in his sexual extravaganza Calmos ( and the picture failed , even in France ) ...
Queijada is a type of sweet made most famously made in Sintra , Portugal .
Because Australia has more than one time zone , Weekend Sunrise is not broadcast live to all of Australia , it is instead broadcast delayed .
Discopath premiered in Canada at the Fantasia Film Festival .
Bánh hỏi originated from the Bình Định Province of Vietnam 's South Central Coast region .
The Boy and the King is a 1992 feature - length animated film made in Egypt by the Islamic film company Astrolabe Pictures .
Master with Cracked Fingers ( Chinese : 刁手怪招 ; pinyin : diāo shǒu guài zhāo ) , also released as Snake Fist Fighter , is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Mu Chu and starring Jackie Chan .
Lady Fan is a Hong Kong television series starring Jessica Hsuan as the lady warrior Fan Lei - fa ( Fan Lihua ) and Joe Ma as Sit Ding - san ( Xue Dingshan ) .
Running Turtle opened in South Korea on June 11 , 2009 and topped the box office over its first weekend with a total of 480,293 admissions .
The Last Breakthrough ( Traditional Chinese : 天涯俠醫 ; literally `` Heaven Saint Healer '' ) ( Chinese : 天涯俠醫 ; Jyutping : tin1 ngaai4 haap6 ji1 ) is a 2004 Hong Kong television medical drama produced by TVB .
As of 2014 , Lonely Planet 's largest office is located in Footscray , a suburb of Melbourne , Australia , but its Franklin , Tennessee , United States ( U.S. ) office is the company 's de facto headquarters .
Zuster Theresia ( English : Sister Theresia ) is a 1932 film from the Dutch East Indies ( modern - day Indonesia ) directed by M. H. Schilling with the help of the Wong brothers .
Big Angry Fish is a New Zealand fishing television show hosted by Milan Radonich and Nathan O'Hearn .
EP Daily aired on G4 Canada and City .
Mahomet second is an unfinished tragedy in one act and five scenes in prose , written by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux circa 1733 and first published in the journal Mercure de France in 1747 .
Soto mie , Soto mi , or Mee soto is a spicy noodle soup dish commonly found in Indonesia , Malaysia , and Singapore .
Imitation shark fin soup ( 碗仔翅 ) , also known as wun tsai chi in Cantonese ( literally fin in a little bowl ) , is one of Hong Kong 's common street snacks , usually sold in small bowls by street vendors .
Eastern Newsbeat is a local community television program in Melbourne , Australia on C31 Melbourne .
Maghaz ( Urdu : مغز‎ ; Bengali : মগজ ; literally meaning brain ) is an offal dish generally consisting of fried brain in spicy sauce found in the cuisines of India , Pakistan , and Bangladesh .
In 2014 , Brothers3 placed third on the sixth season of The X Factor Australia .
Manurhin is a trademark used by Manufacture d'Armes de tir Chapuis beginning in 1998 , and located in Saint Bonnet Le Chateau , France to designate the Manurhin MR73 revolver .
Aachener Printen are a type of Lebkuchen originating from the city of Aachen in Germany .
Borosi is a 2014 Assamese Suspense movie based on a story written by politician & former Law Minister of India Dinesh Goswami and directed by Prodyut Kumar Deka and produced by Debashish Goswami under Manjushree Films & Entertainment .
Saturday Breakfast is a New Zealand morning news and talkshow based on Breakfast , that aired on Saturday mornings from 7 - 9am from 3 September 2011 till 15 December 2012 on TV One ( New Zealand ) .
The Criminal Investigator II ( Traditional Chinese : O記實錄II ; lit . The O Files II ) is a 1996 Hong Kong police procedural television drama .
In the horrors of the Armenian genocide , Nahapet ( whose name means patriarch in Armenian ) and others valiantly attempt to defend their village in Turkish Armenia from Ottoman troops but are soon overwhelmed .
Garganelli can be served in a variety of recipes ; a traditional duck ragù is a common accompaniment and a specialty of the cuisine of Bologna , Italy .
Sell Out ! is a 2008 comedy film set in Malaysia which premiered at the 65th Venice International Film Festival where it also won the Young Cinema Award for Alternative Vision .
Return of the Kung Fu Dragon ( 砲傌俥 Mandarin : Ju ma pao ) is a 1976 Taiwan film directed by Chick Lim Yu .
I Want to Be a Soldier is a drama film released in Spain and at the Rome Film Festival in 2010 .
Rain in the Heart is a 1990 Hong Kong television serial drama produced by TVB and starring Roger Kwok , Dominic Lam , Kathy Chow and Gallen Lo .
Fearless Hyena Part II ( Chinese : 龍騰虎躍 ) is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Chan Chuen , and starring Jackie Chan .
Bún thịt nướng is very popular in the southern region of Vietnam .
Bakmi is between Chinese style wheat noodles and Japanese Udons in thickness , and there are several variants of bakmi in Indonesia .
Seven Periods with Mr Gormsby is a satirical New Zealand television series , created and written by Danny Mulheron ( who also directs and co - produces ) , Dave Armstrong and Tom Scott .
The New One - Armed Swordsman , also known as Triple Irons , is a 1971 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio , starring David Chiang .
Mi rebus or Mee rebus ( Malaysian and Singaporean spelling ; literally `` boiled noodles '' in English ) is a noodle dish popular in Indonesia , Malaysia , and Singapore .
Star Awards 1998 is the 5th edition of the annual Star Awards presented by the Television Corporation of Singapore to honour its artistes who work on Channel 8 .
The Immoralist ( French : L'Immoraliste ) is a novel by André Gide , published in France in 1902 .
The Postmodern Life of My Aunt ( simplified Chinese : 姨妈的后现代生活 ; traditional Chinese : 姨媽的後現代生活 ; pinyin : Yimā de hòuxiàndài shēnghúo ) is a 2006 Hong Kong serio - comedy film , directed by Ann Hui , starring Siqin Gaowa and Chow Yun - fat .
The Fabulous Five Inc. are a reggae and soca band formed in Jamaica in 1970 .
UK ( an abbreviation of CountDown United Kingdom ) was broadcast , with the same presenters as SMTV Live .
The Five Thirty Show was a short - lived Scottish topical magazine show , which began broadcasting in Northern and Central Scotland on STV on Monday January 28 , 2008 .
Commandaria ( also called Commanderia and Coumadarka ; Greek : κουμανδαρία , κουμανταρία and Greek : κουμαντάρκα ) is an amber - coloured sweet dessert wine made in the Commandaria region of Cyprus on the foothills of the Troödos mountains .
No Reserve ( Chinese : 巾幗梟雄之諜血長天 ) , also known as Rosy Business III , is an upcoming Hong Kong espionage television drama serial created and produced by Lee Tim - sing .
Garak guksu is a type of very thin noodle made in Korea , which is made from kneaded dough with salt water that is cooked in a boiling liquid .
The Last Great Snail Chase is a film by Edward Lynden - Bell that is set in Wellington , New Zealand .
The Young Girl is a 1975 Mali film , directed by Souleymane Cissé .
House of Harmony and Vengeance is a Hong Kong costume - comedy television drama produced by TVB under executive producer Nelson Cheung .
Mobile Suit Gundam Wing , also known in Japan as New Mobile Report Gundam Wing ( 新機動戦記ガンダムW(ウイング ) Shin Kidō Senki Gandamu Wingu ) , is a 1995 Japanese mecha anime series directed by Masashi Ikeda and written by Katsuyuki Sumizawa .
Hlas Česko Slovenska ( Czech and Slovak for The Czech / Slovak Voice , literally The Voice of Czechia Slovakia ) is a reality singing competition and version of The Voice of Holland for Czech Republic and Slovakia .
Heinz Mayr ( born 20 October 1935 ) is a former German racewalker , who competed for West Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Paris - Soir was a large - circulation daily newspaper in Paris , France from 1923 to 1944 .
La dama de rosa ( English : `` The Lady in Pink '' ) ( 1986 ) is a successful Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela 's Radio Caracas Televisión .
The Snow Walker was filmed entirely in Canada in the following locations :
Las Vías del Amor ( English : The roads of love ) is a Mexican neo - noir thriller telenovela that aired on the Televisa channel in Mexico and Univision in the United States from 2002 - 2003 .
M Suganth of Times of India wrote `` Yatchan 's failing is that despite moments that click , it fails to come together as a whole .
Pardaillan , the name of an old French family of Armagnac , of which several members distinguished themselves in the service of the kings of France in the 16th and 17th centuries .
Good Dog is a Canadian television comedy - drama series which aired for one season on HBO Canada .
Old Crow is a low - priced brand of Kentucky - made straight bourbon whiskey , along with the slightly higher quality , but still inexpensive Old Crow Reserve brand .
Bishaash ( Bengali : বিশ্বাস ; English : Believe ) is a 24-part Bangladeshi supernatural drama adventure fantasy detective mystery television series produced by BBC World Service Trust which was first broadcast on Bangladesh Television from 16 October 2010 until 18 March 2011 .
The Bel Group introduced Babybel in 1952 and in 1977 Mini Babybel was launched in France .
Walking with Cavemen is a four - part television documentary series about human evolution produced by the BBC in the United Kingdom .
Hackers in Wonderland is a 2000 documentary film , produced and directed by Russell Barnes , about hackers in the United Kingdom .
Chal , or shubat ( Kazakh : шұбат ( ʃʊbɑ́t ) ) , is a Turkic ( especially Turkmen and Kazakh ) beverage of fermented camel milk , sparkling white with a sour flavor , popular in Central Asia -- particularly in Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan .
The Bund III is a Hong Kong period drama television series broadcast on TVB in 1980 .
Cool Zone was an Australian television series which was broadcast on community television station , C31 Adelaide in Adelaide , South Australia .
Jeevana Poratam is the story about the mismanagement and selfishness of the leaders of India .
Shot in London , United States and premiered in Nigeria on December 18 , 2015 , Oxford Gardens was released as a collaborative work between Obi Emelonye and M - Net through Africa Magic Original Films .
2 Young ( Chinese : 早熟 ) is a 2005 Hong Kong romantic comedy - drama film directed by Derek Yee .
The Last Hunter was originally titled Cacciatore 2 , a dubious Italian film tradition in order to appear as an unofficial sequel to The Deer Hunter which was released in Italy as Il Cacciatore .
Tupu is a two - dimensional animated television series co - produced by France and Canada , developed by the French animation studio Xilam , directed by Xavier Giacometti , featuring the adventures of the fictional New York mayor 's son , Norton , with a redheaded girl named Tupu in New York , focusing in Central Park .
Malabar Wedding is a 2008 Malayalam comedy film , made in India , and directed by the Rajesh - Faisal duo , who are Priyadarshan 's associates .
Black Orpheus ( Portuguese : Orfeu Negro ) is a 1959 film made in Brazil by French director Marcel Camus and starring Marpessa Dawn and Breno Mello .
Reaksyon ( lit . Reaction ) is a late night news magazine and public affairs show on TV5 in Mandaluyong City , Philippines .
In January 2009 , she became a judge to the East on The All Ireland Talent Show but she continued to present The Afternoon Show .
Ivan 's Childhood was one of Tarkovsky 's most commercially successful films , selling 16.7 million tickets in the Soviet Union .
Hum Ek Hain is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Syed Noor which was released across theaters in Pakistan in November 2004 .
H.I.P. H.O.P. was France 's first television show and first regular nationwide weekly show in the world to be dedicated to the hip hop culture .
Black Field began principle filming on April 27 , 2009 in Manitoba with development support from Canada 's Super Channel .
Cervelle de canut is a cheese spread / dip , and a specialty of Lyon , France .
Wachamakulit : ' Wag Matakot , Makibata ! is a kiddie game show in the Philippines hosted by Eugene Domingo .
Punjung is a traditional dessert for the Bruneian Malay people and Kedayan in Labuan and in the states of Sabah , Malaysia .
The Beretta Cheetah , also known by its original model name of `` Series 81 '' , was a line of compact blowback operated semi - automatic pistols designed and manufactured by Beretta of Italy .
Shown in Belgium on Ketnet and in the Netherlands on Z@PP , Piet Piraat is a good - natured pirate who crosses the Seven Seas with his crew , getting into various adventures .
From No . 37 lasts for 90 minutes and was filmed in France , Iran , Norway and the United Kingdom .
Boukha ( Tunisian Arabic : بوخة‎ ) is a distilled beverage produced from figs . It originated in Tunisia , where most of it is still produced .
Murree beer is the most popular beer of Pakistan as Murree brewery is the only producer of beer in Pakistan while legal import of foreign beers is prohibited in Pakistan .
Bougatsa is said to originate in Serres , in the Central Macedonia region of Northern Greece and is most popular in the northern Greek port city of Thessaloniki .
Through Hell and High Water is a BBC television programme produced by Twofour that aired in the United Kingdom on 13 - -17 February 2006 .
Dutch in Seven Lessons ( Nederlands in zeven lessen ) is a film produced in the Netherlands in 1948 .
Façonnable is an international high - end men 's and women 's tailor founded in Nice , France , by Jean Goldberg in 1950 .
The Voice van Vlaanderen ( English - Dutch for The Voice of Flanders ) is a Belgian reality singing competition for the Flemish part of Belgium , and which is part of the franchise that started in the Netherlands as The Voice of Holland .
Aside to their contribution to music , Linkin Park in 2011 was awarded a Global Leadership Award by the United Nations Foundation / United Nations Association of the United States of America .
Ek Duuje Ke Liye marked the debut of two stars from South India in Hindi films : leading lady Rati Agnihotri and playback singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam .
Go Girls is a New Zealand comedy / drama television series that has been the subject of a US adaptation , whose first four seasons centered on four adult friends , three female and one male , living on Auckland 's North Shore .
The ENTAC may have been used by France in small numbers during the 1960s and 1970s on peacekeeping operations .
War of the Genders is a Hong Kong television sitcom produced by TVB .
SportsCafe is a New Zealand Sports TV show .
An employee of Lentera Merah , the campus newspaper of the University of Indonesia , is found dead in the office with the number 65 written in blood by his body .
Magadheera was the first Telugu film in India to have a home media release in Blu - ray format .
Keripik sanjay or kripik sanjai ( karupuak sanjai in Minang ) is Minangkabau cassava kripik or chips from Bukittinggi city in West Sumatra , Indonesia .
The movie Magdusa Ka is one of the most notable and well - celebrated movies that garnered numerous awards from various film organizations such as the Film Academy of the Philippines ( FAP ) , Filipino Academy of Movie Arts and Sciences ( FAMAS ) and Urian in 1986 .
Russian Snark is a 2010 New Zealand film directed and written by Stephen Sinclair and produced by Liz DiFiore .
Grana Padano ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈɡraːna paˈdaːno ) ) is a hard , slow - ripened , semi - fat cheese from Italy , comparable to Parmigiano Reggiano or `` parmesan '' cheese .
Drei Damen vom Grill was a German television series aired from 1976 to 1991 in Germany 's public television ARD .
Het Huis Anubis ( The House of Anubis ) is a Belgian - Dutch children 's television drama created by Studio 100 and Nickelodeon , airing in the Netherlands and Flanders .
Meena Iyer of Times of India gave it 4/5 stars , stating , `` Hasee Toh Phasee is for the romantics who like their martinis stirred not shaken .
Pappu Ca n't Dance Saala is a 2011 India romance comedy film written and directed by Saurabh Shukla .
The Jingbirok ( Hangul : 징비록 ; hanja : 懲毖錄 known in English as the Book of Corrections ) , written in Hanmun , is a first hand account of the Imjin War written by high ranking Joseon scholar - official Ryu Seong - ryong .
Polityka ( Polish pronunciation : ( pɔˈlitɨka ) , Politics ) is a centre - left weekly newsmagazine in Poland .
The Walther GSP , Gebrauchs Sportpistole ( Sport Pistol for Standard Use ) , is a single - action , precision targetshooting pistol made in Germany by Walther Sportwaffen .
Broa ( ( ˈbɾow.ɐ ) or ( ˈbɾo.ɐ ) ) is a type of cornbread traditionally made in Portugal and Galicia ( and in Brazil , where it is traditionally seasoned with fennel ) .
La Brassiere ( simplified Chinese : 绝世好Bra ; traditional Chinese : 絕世好Bra ) is a 2001 Hong Kong romantic comedy film starring Lau Ching - wan , Louis Koo , Carina Lau and Gigi Leung .
More than Honey is a 2012 Swiss documentary film directed by Markus Imhoof about honeybee colonies in California , Switzerland , China and Australia .
Pokémon Origins , known in Japan as Pocket Monsters :
Naked Weapon ( 赤裸特工 ) is a 2002 Hong Kong action - thriller film directed by action choreographer Tony Ching and starring Maggie Q , Anya Wu and Daniel Wu .
Wu yen ( Chinese : 鍾無艷 ) is a 2001 historical Hong Kong comedy film produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka - Fai .
Night Heat was a Canadian police drama series , which aired on both CTV in Canada and CBS in the United States .
Tandoori Love is a 2008 Swiss comedy film about the misadventures of an Indian cook named Raja in Switzerland .
The MySpace Road Tour is an original online reality format created and produced for MySpace Australia by production company FremantleMedia .
Die Stunde der Offiziere ( English : The Hour of the Officers ) is a German semi - documentary movie of 2003 telling in chronological order about the German resistance attempts to kill Adolf Hitler and seize power in Germany in the July 20 plot of 1944 .
Live at Home is a live concert DVD released in 2002 filmed in Nickelback 's home province of Alberta , Canada during the tour supporting their album Silver Side Up .
Kanta Pilipinas ( English : Sing Philippines ) is a reality singing competition that airs on TV5 .
Other projects related to Rocket Power and developed under the aegis of Klasky - Csupo and/or Nickelodeon have included Rocket Power :
The Bride Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors , Even ( La mariée mise à nu par ses célibataires , même ) , most often called The Large Glass ( Le Grand Verre ) , is an artwork by Marcel Duchamp over nine feet ( 2.75 metres ) tall , and freestanding .
Young Woman in Blue is a drawing by French artist Edgar Degas , created in 1884 .
Race to Dakar is a documentary series following actor and keen motorcyclist Charley Boorman 's entry into the 2006 Dakar Rally from Lisbon to Dakar .
B of the Bang was a sculpture by Thomas Heatherwick next to the City of Manchester Stadium in Manchester , England , which was commissioned to mark the 2002 Commonwealth Games ; it was one of the tallest structures in Manchester and the tallest sculpture in the UK until the completion of Aspire in 2008 .
A Balcony in Paris ( French : Un balcon à Paris ) is an oil on canvas painting by the French Impressionist painter Gustave Caillebotte .
Death Comes as the End is a historical mystery novel by Agatha Christie , first published in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company in October 1944 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in March of the following year .
Rod Serling , who had gained fame from an earlier series , The Twilight Zone , served both as the on - air host of Night Gallery and as a major contributor of scripts , although he did not have the same control of content and tone as he had on The Twilight Zone .
The Portrait of Giovanna Tornabuoni is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Domenico Ghirlandaio , executed in 1488 and located in the Museo Thyssen - Bornemisza , Madrid .
C.P.O. Sharkey is an American sitcom created by Aaron Ruben which aired on NBC from December 1 , 1976 , to April 28 , 1978 .
Frank Herbert 's Dune is a three - part miniseries written and directed by John Harrison and based on Frank Herbert 's 1965 novel Dune .
St Lanfranc enthroned between St John the Baptist and St Liberius is an oil painting by Cima da Conegliano dating to 1515 - 16 .
Ciné si ( French : ( sineˈsi ) Cinema If ) is a 1989 French silhouette animation television series conceived , written and directed by Michel Ocelot and realised at La Fabrique , consisting of short fairy tale and retro - future stories performed by the same animated `` actors . ''
The Starlost is a Canadian - produced science fiction television series created by writer Harlan Ellison and broadcast in 1973 on CTV in Canada and syndicated to local stations in the United States .
Self - Portrait with Monkey ( Autorretrato con mono in Spanish ) is an oil on masonite painting by Mexican artist Frida Kahlo , commissioned in 1938 by A. Conger Goodyear , then president of the Museum of Modern Art in New York .
The All - Pervading is an allegorical painting produced between 1887 and 1890 by the English artist George Frederic Watts .
Raylan Givens is a fictional character created by American novelist and screenwriter Elmore Leonard .
Portrait of an Army Doctor ( in French Portrait d'un médecin militaire ) is a 1914 - 15 painting by the French artist , theorist and writer Albert Gleizes .
DAAS Kapital is an Australian television comedy series written by and starring comedy trio the Doug Anthony All Stars ( Paul McDermott , Tim Ferguson and Richard Fidler ) with supporting cast members Flacco , Michael Petroni , Bob Downe and Khym Lam .
Isadore Nabi ( sometimes Isidore Nabi or Isador Nabi ) was a pseudonym used by a group of scientists including Richard Lewontin , Richard Levins , Robert MacArthur , and Leigh van Valen in the 1960s .
Verano azul ( Blue Summer ) was a famous Spanish television show directed by Antonio Mercero that first aired in 1981 .
The original script for Nu , pogodi ! was created for the animation studio Soyuzmultfilm in Moscow by the writers Felix Kandel , Arkady Khait and Aleksandr Kurlyandsky , whose works included humourist and satirical writings .
Man on a Balcony ( also known as Portrait of Dr. Théo Morinaud and ' L'Homme au balcon ) , is a large oil painting created in 1912 by the French artist , theorist and writer Albert Gleizes ( 1881 - -1953 ) .
Arii Matamoe , also titled The Royal End ( French : La Fin royale ) is a painting on coarse cloth by the French artist Paul Gauguin , created in 1892 during the painter 's first visit to Tahiti .
Janov Pelorat is a character in the Foundation Series of books by Isaac Asimov .
The Jester Don Diego de Acedo is one of a series of portraits of jesters at the court of Philip IV of Spain by Diego Velázquez .
The Palazzo Branconio dell'Aquila is a lost palace in the rione Borgo of Rome ( west of Castel Sant'Angelo ) , designed by Raphael for Giovanbattista Branconio dell'Aquila , a papal advisor and goldsmith .
The Animals of Farthing Wood is a children 's animated series commissioned by the European Broadcasting Union between 1992 and 1995 , and is based on the series of books written by English author Colin Dann .
Father Brown is a fictional Roman Catholic priest and amateur sleuth created in the early 1900s by English novelist G. K. Chesterton .
Commentary on the Apocalypse ( Commentaria In Apocalypsin ) is a book written in the eighth century by the Spanish monk and theologian Beatus of Liébana .
Palaban ( English : Tough ) is a news and public affairs program of GMA Network hosted by Winnie Monsod , former Miss Universe Runner - Up Miriam Quiambao and Malou Mangahas .
The Ghosts of Motley Hall is a British children 's television series written by Richard Carpenter .
Portrait of an African is a painting by Allan Ramsay , painted c. 1757 - -1760 , and believed to be of Ignatius Sancho .
The Hettangian was introduced in the literature by Swiss palaeontologist , Eugène Renevier , in 1864 .
Personnage Oiseaux is one of Joan Miró 's largest works in the United States and his only glass mosaic mural , ( Bird Characters ) , 1972 - -1978 .
The Venus of Urbino is a 1538 oil painting by the Italian master Titian .
This Is America , Charlie Brown is an eight - part animated television miniseries , depicting events in American history with characters from the Charles M. Schulz comic strip Peanuts .
The Elder Sister ( French : La soeur aînée ) is a painting by nineteenth century French artist William - Adolphe Bouguereau in 1869 .
The Berlin Foundry Cup ( German : Erzgießerei - Schale ) is a red - figure kylix ( drinking cup ) from the early 5th century BC . It is the name vase of the Attic vase painter known conventionally as the Foundry Painter .
The Story of America 's Elite Counter terrorist Unit ( ISBN 0 - 440 - 23733 - 5 ) , The Unit was created for television and executive produced by David Mamet and Shawn Ryan .
Portrait of a Commander or A Commander Being Dressed for Battle is a portrait of an unknown man in plate armour , normally attributed to Peter Paul Rubens .
Pope Paul III and His Grandsons ( Italian : Paolo III e i nipoti Alessandro e Ottavio Farnese ) is a painting in oil on canvas by Titian , housed in the Museo di Capodimonte , Naples .
Boats du Rhône is a series of two sketches ( a small one in a letter , the other very large and detailed with a reed pen ) and three oil paintings , listed below , created by the Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh while living in Arles , France , during August , 1888 .
The Magic Land of Allakazam was the name of a groundbreaking series of network television shows featuring American magician Mark Wilson .
Levitated Mass is a 2012 large - scale sculpture by Michael Heizer on the campus of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art . The installation consists of a 340-ton boulder affixed above a concrete trench through which visitors may walk .
The Sorceress is a painting by John William Waterhouse completed between 1911 and 1915 .
The Spirit of Polonia , also known as Solidarity , by Edmund Lewandowski is a sculpture commissioned as part of the fifteenth anniversary of Polanki , the Polish Women 's Cultural Club of Milwaukee .
A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving is the tenth prime - time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
Vahine no te vi ( English : Woman of the Mango ) is an 1892 painting by Paul Gauguin , currently in the collection of the Baltimore Museum of Art . It is one of many works of modern art purchased by the Cone sisters .
En Canot , referred to in various publications as I m Boot , Le Canot , Femme au Canot et à l'Ombrelle , En Bâteau , In the Canoe , The Boat , On the Beach , Am Strand , I m Schiff , V Člunu and I m Kanu , is an oil painting by Jean Metzinger .
Painting ( Blue Star ) ( French : Peinture ( Étoile Bleue ) ) is a 1927 painting by the Catalan artist Joan Miró .
There 's No Time for Love , Charlie Brown is the ninth prime - time animated TV specials based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
Figure with Meat is a 1954 painting by the Irish - born artist Francis Bacon .
The Arrival of the Hungarians ( Hungarian : A magyarok bejövetele ; commonly known as Feszty Panorama or Feszty Cyclorama , Hungarian : Feszty - körkép ) is a large cyclorama -- a circular panoramic painting -- by Hungarian painter Árpád Feszty and his assistants , depicting the arrival of the Hungarians in the Carpathian Basin in 895 .
Scène d'été , or Summer Scene , is an oil on canvas painting by Frédéric Bazille , completed in 1869 , a year before his death in 1870 .
The Bugle is a satirical news podcast , hosted by John Oliver and Andy Zaltzman .
At Home with the Braithwaites is a British comedy - drama television series , created and written by Sally Wainwright ( except for the final four episodes ) .
Landscape Near Figueras ( 1910 ) is a painting by the Spanish artist Salvador Dalí .
The Woodwright 's Shop is a traditional woodworking show hosted by master carpenter Roy Underhill on PBS in the United States .
The Melun Diptych is a two - panel oil painting by the French court painter Jean Fouquet ( 1425 - -1480 ) created around 1452 .
Caliban ( /ˈkælᵻbæn/ KAL - ə - ban ) is one of the main antagonists in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
The Mild Mild West is a mural by graffiti artist Banksy .
Rock & Roll Jeopardy ! is an American television game show created by Scott Sternberg and adapted from the quiz show Jeopardy !
The Beethoven Frieze is a painting by Gustav Klimt on display in the Secession Building , Vienna , Austria .
Twittering Machine ( Die Zwitscher - Maschine ) is a 1922 watercolor and pen and ink oil transfer on paper by Swiss - German painter Paul Klee .
Derek and Simon is a 2007 web based series created by Derek Waters , Simon Helberg , and Bob Odenkirk , which aired on the now - defunct website , Super Deluxe .
Madame X or Portrait of Madame X is the informal title of a portrait painting by John Singer Sargent of a young socialite named Virginie Amélie Avegno Gautreau , wife of Pierre Gautreau .
The Laughing Cavalier ( 1624 ) is a portrait by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals in the Wallace Collection in London , which has been described as `` one of the most brilliant of all Baroque portraits '' .
The Adventure of English is a British television series ( ITV ) on the history of the English language presented by Melvyn Bragg as well as a companion book , also written by Bragg .
The World of Stainboy is a series of flash animation shorts created in 2000 by director Tim Burton and animated by Flinch Studio .
Warming Up is a long - running daily blog and podcast , written by British comedian and writer Richard Herring .
Woman with a Parasol - Madame Monet and Her Son , sometimes known as The Stroll ( French : La Promenade ) is an oil - on - canvas painting by Claude Monet from 1875 .
Charlie Brown 's Christmas Tales is one of many prime - time animated TV specials based on characters from the Charles M. Schulz comic strip Peanuts .
Babar the Elephant is a fictional character who first appeared in 1931 in the French children 's book Histoire de Babar by Jean de Brunhoff .
Bent Propeller ( also known as World Trade Center Stabile ) was a sculpture by Alexander Calder , commissioned by the Port of New York Authority in 1969 and installed in 1970 at the World Trade Center in New York .
The Scoutmaster is a 1956 painting by Norman Rockwell .
The Amazing World of Gumball ( known also as Gumball ) is a British - American children 's animated television series created by Ben Bocquelet for Cartoon Network .
Fluffy Gardens is an Irish preschool animation television show created , written and directed by Jason Tammemagi and produced by Monster Animation & Design Ltd. Each seven - minute episode tells the story of a different character .
Joseph Salamé ( born on 25 December 1914 in Antelias , Lebanon - 29 March 2004 ) was an apostolic administrator of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Latakia and Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Aleppo .
Varun Chopra ( born 21 June 1987 in Barking , Greater London ) is an English cricketer , and has captained the English U-19 cricket team in series against Sri Lanka in 2005 and India in 2006 .
Sedapatti Suryanarayana Devar Rajendran , commonly known by his stage name S. S. Rajendran ( SSR ) , ( Tamil : எஸ். எஸ். ராஜேந்திரன் ; January 1928 -- 24 October 2014 ) was an Indian film actor , director , producer and politician .
Charles Frederic Moberly Bell ( 2 April 1847 in Alexandria -- 5 April 1911 in London ) was a prominent British journalist and newspaper editor during the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Burkard Hillebrands , Prof . Dr. ( * 1957 ) is a German physicist and professor of physics .
Nigel Kennedy ( born 28 December 1956 ) is a British violinist and violist .
Jörgen Augustsson , born 28 October 1952 , is a former Swedish footballer .
Mohamed Sabry ( Arabic:محمد صبري ) ( born 7 April 1974 ) was an Egyptian football Midfielder , he played for Zamalek , Kazma and Ittihad Alexandria .
Tang Hao ( Chinese : 唐豪 ; pinyin : Táng Háo ) or Tang Fan Sheng ( 1887 - -1959 ) was a Chinese lawyer and expert on chinese martial arts .
Dave Benton ( born 31 January 1951 , real name Efrén Eugene Benita ) is a pop musician and 2001 winner of the Eurovision Song Contest .
Talay Riley ( born 10 July 1990 ) is a Nigerian / British singer - songwriter signed to Island Records .
Eli Berman ( born 1960 ) is the Research Director for International Security Studies at the UC Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation and since 2010 a Professor of economics at the University of California , San Diego .
Edward Buncombe ( 1742 - -1778 ) was a plantation owner from the Province of North Carolina who served as a colonel in the Continental Army ( the army of the Patriot side ) in the American Revolutionary War .
Slaven Musa ( born 21 June 1971 ) is a football coach and former football player .
Gao Xixi ( Chinese : 高希希 ; born 1962 ) is a Chinese television director and producer , famous for directing a number of commercially successful Chinese television series .
Ümit Bilican ( born 29 March 1981 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who has played for several clubs in Europe .
Torleiv Maseng ( born 1946 ) is a prominent Norwegian engineer , who made some contribution to the Global System for Mobile Communications project .
Edgars Eriņš ( born 18 June 1986 ) is a Latvian decathlete and bobsledder .
Simone Ritscher ( born 1 September 1959 ) is a German actress , known for her roles as Doris van Norden in Sturm der Liebe and as Maria di Balbi in Verbotene Liebe .
Gaby Roslin ( born 12 July 1964 ) is an English television presenter and actress , who rose to fame co - presenting The Big Breakfast on Channel 4 between 1992 and 1996 .
Rozalla Miller ( born 18 March 1964 ) , better known as simply Rozalla , is a Zambian dance music performer .
Svein Nymo ( 10 June 1953 - 15 August 2014 ) was a Norwegian violinist and composer from Målselv in Troms , and the son of the traditional Norwegian folk musician Johan Nymo .
Giuseppe Turbini ( Piacenza , 1702- Piacenza , 1788 ) was an Italian painter , specializing in quadratura .
Ernst Schweninger ( 15 June 1850 -- 13 January 1924 ) was a German physician who developed the Schweninger method , a reduction of obesity by the restriction of fluids in the diet .
Momtaz Begum - Hossain ( Bengali : মমতাজ বেগম - হোসেন ; born 1981 ) is an English freelance journalist , craft expert and presenter .
Ken Okuyama ( born 1959 ) is a Japanese industrial designer and owner of the Ken Okuyama Design company .
José Riga ( born 30 July 1957 ) is a Belgian former football player and current manager .
Kathy Tremblay ( born 16 June 1982 in Ste - Foy , Quebec ) is a professional Canadian triathlete and member of the National Team .
Jozef van Wissem ( born 1962 ) is a Dutch minimalist composer and lute player based in Brooklyn .
Timofey Lapshin ( Russian : Тимофей Алексеевич Лапшин ; born 3 February 1988 ) is a Russian biathlete .
Nils Gösta Christer Sturmark , born 7 September 1964 in Danderyd , Stockholm County , is a Swedish author , IT - entrepreneur and prominent debater on religion and humanism in Swedish media .
Mille Dinesen ( born 17 March 1974 ) is a Danish actress best known for starring in the film Nynne , as well as the title role in the television series Rita .
Faustino Rupérez Rincón ( born 29 July 1956 in Piquera de San Esteban , Soria ) is a retired Spanish professional road racing cyclist who raced between 1979 and 1985 .
Scott Von Doviak ( born 1967 ) is the film critic for the Fort Worth Star - Telegram .
Conseslus Kipruto ( born 8 December 1994 ) is a Kenyan middle distance runner who competes in the steeplechase .
Frederik Du Chau ( born 15 May 1965 ) is a film director , screenwriter and animator .
Ge Xiaoguang ( Chinese : 葛小光 ) , born in 1953 in Beijing , is a Chinese artist best known for painting the massive 6 x 4.6 meter portrait of Mao Zedong that hangs at Tiananmen Gate in Tiananmen Square .
Lars - Erik Nelson ( 1941 -- November 20 , 2000 ) was an American journalist , political columnist and author best known for his syndicated column in The New York Daily News .
David Stanley Evans ( 28 January 1916 -- 14 November 2004 ) was a British astronomer , noted for his use of lunar occultations to measure stellar angular diameters during the 1950s .
Crispin Whittell ( born 19 December 1969 in Nairobi , Kenya ) is a British director and playwright .
Frances Fyfield ( born 18 November 1948 ) is the pseudonym of Frances Hegarty , a lawyer and crime - writer .
Norm McDougall ( 23 April 1892 -- 10 February 1938 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Mustafa Polutak ( born 1 January 1946 ) is a former soldier in the Bosnian Army during the Bosnian War .
Aref Dalila ( Arabic : عارف دليلة‎ ) ( born 1942 ) is a Syrian economist and former Dean of the Faculty of Economics in Damascus University .
Richard Lopag ( born 13 September 1989 in Huddersfield , West Yorkshire , England ) is a rugby league player for Swinton in the Co - operative Championship 1 .
Manuela Bosco ( Mikkeli , 11 June 1982 ) is a Finnish actress and former hurdler .
Constant Mews ( born 1954 ) , D. Phil ( Oxon ) is Professor of Medieval Thought and Director , Centre for Studies in Religion and Theology , Monash University , Melbourne .
Rosalia Maggio ( 1 May 1921 -- 25 July 1995 ) was an Italian actress , dancer , singer and showgirl .
Fabrice Boutique ( born in Zaire ( now Congo ) on 26 May 1970 ) is a Belgian actor of Braine - l'Alleud who is active on cinema , television , theater , musicals and dance .
Zhou Tao ( simplified Chinese : 周涛 ; traditional Chinese : 周濤 ; pinyin : Zhōu Tāo ; born 23 March 1968 ) is a Chinese television host and actress .
The Reverend Lal Behari Dey ( Bengali : লাল বিহারী দে - also transliterated as Lal Behari Day ) ( 18 December 1824 -- 28 October 1892 ) was a Bengali Indian journalist , who converted to Christianity , and became a Christian missionary himself .
Marion Margaret Violet Manners , Duchess of Rutland ( née Lindsay ; 7 March 1856 -- 22 December 1937 ) was a British artist and noblewoman .
Poppy Corbett ( born 1986 ) is a playwright , director and teacher of creative writing .
Nikos Stratakis ( born 1960 ) is a Greek painter of the contemporary period .
John Bowtell ( 1753 - -1813 ) was an English topographer .
Stephen Nye ( 1648 - -1719 ) was an English clergyman , known as a theological writer and for his Unitarian views .
Derek Birdsall ( born 1 August 1934 ) is an internationally renowned British graphic designer .
Willi Lippens ( born 10 November 1945 ) is a former German - Dutch football player .
Lam Bun - Ching ( Chinese : 林品晶 ; Jyutping : Lam4 Ban2 Jing1 ; b. Macau , 1954 ) is a composer , pianist , and conductor .
Dustley Mulder ( born 27 January 1985 ) is a Curaçaoan footballer who currently plays right back for NAC Breda in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Judith Herbison ( born 26 December 1971 ) is a former Irish international cricketer who played for the Irish national team between 1990 and 1997 .
Hon . Noël Olivier ( 1893 - -1969 ) who trained and practiced as a medical doctor , is now best known for her relationship with Rupert Brooke .
Arne Larsen Økland ( born 31 May 1954 ) is a former Norwegian footballer that played as a striker for Vard Haugesund , Bryne , Bayer Leverkusen and Racing Club de Paris .
Tadhg Kennelly ( born 1 July 1981 ) is an Irish sportsperson known for his top level careers in both Gaelic football and Australian rules football .
Juan Leal Goraz ( 1676 - -1742 or 1743 ) , also called Juan Leal Gonzal , was a Spanish settler and politician who served as the first alcalde ( a municipal magistrate who had both judicial and administrative functions ) of La Villa de San Fernando , which later would become the city of San Antonio , Texas .
The French physicist Christian Colliex ( b. 1944 ) is known for his pioneering work on the use of electron energy loss spectroscopy ( EELS ) in transmission electron microscopy .
Lieutenant general Josef Bečvář ( born 11 August 1958 ) is a Czech army officer .
William Stainton Moses ( 1839 - 1892 ) was an English cleric and spiritualist medium .
Alexander Strehmel ( born 20 March 1968 ) is a German former footballer who played in defence or midfield .
Fred D. Anderson ( born c. 1945 ) is an American business executive known for his time with Apple Inc. and as a managing director and co - founder of Elevation Partners .
Barnes Ratwatte ( known as Barnes Ratwatte Dissawa ) ( 1883 -- September 20 , 1957 ) was a Ceylonese colonial - era legislator and a headmen .
Annette Shun Wah ( born 26 March 1958 ) is a prominent figure in the Australian media , but particularly in television , film and radio .
Vikas Gowda ( Kannada:ವಿಕಾಸ್ ಗೌಡ ) ( born 5 July 1983 ) is an Indian discus thrower and Shot putter .
Karen Ordahl Kupperman ( born 23 April 1939 ) is an American historian who specializes in colonial history in the Atlantic world of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries .
Li Yiu - bor , OBE , JP ( 22 October 1909 -- 6 September 1976 ) was a Hong Kong teacher , publisher , politician and religious leader .
Pio Siotto ( Rome , May 3 , 1824 - ? ) was an Italian artist active as a cameo engraver ( gem engraver ) .
Timothy Holme ( 1928 - 1987 ) was an English born , but latterly Italian resident , author .
Gemma Calvert , FRSA ( born in Dulwich , 1 August 1967 ) is a British neuroscientist and pioneer of Neuromarketing .
Edwin McArthur ( 24 September 1907 -- 24 February 1987 ) was a celebrated American classical music conductor , pianist and accompanist .
Cem Hakko ( Istanbul , 1955 ) is a Turkish fashion designer and businessman .
Ali Haydar Konca ( born 1 February 1950 ) is a Turkish politician who served as the Minister of European Union Affairs and Chief Negotiator in the interim election government led by Ahmet Davutoğlu between 28 August and 22 September 2015 .
Daniel Baron ( born 1949 ) is an American winemaker .
Arthur John Masaracchia ( December 20 , 1950 -- January 12 , 2015 ) , better known as A. J. Masters was an American country music singer .
Joe Marr ( born 9 August 1880 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Andrew Shapter ( born 30 December 1966 ) is an American film director , writer and photographer .
Jean - François de La Clue - Sabran ( 30 September 1696 - 4 October 1764 ) was a French Admiral best known for his command of the French fleet in the Mediterranean Sea during the Seven Years ' War .
Borghild Holmsen ( 22 October 1865 -- 4 December 1938 ) was a Norwegian pianist , music critic and composer .
Dragiša Burzan ( born 1950 in Titograd , Montenegro , Federal People 's Republic of Yugoslavia ) has been the Serbia and Montenegro ambassador to London since 2004 .
Murugesan Dickeshwashankar Thirush Kamini ( born 30 June 1990 in Madras ) is an Indian cricketer who has played 21 women 's one - day internationals for the Indian women 's cricket team .
B. Lynn Winmill ( born 1952 ) is the Chief Judge on the United States District Court for the District of Idaho .
Melodie McDaniel ( born 1967 ) is a Los Angeles , CA - based American still life , celebrity , and advertising photographer and film director .
Bayeté Ross Smith ( born 1976 ) is a contemporary African American multi - media artist , film maker and educator .
Michael Meaker ( born 18 August 1971 ) is a Welsh footballer who plays for Yate Town in the Southern League South and West Division .
Thupden Bhutia ( born 6 January 1987 ) is an Indian footballer playing for United Sikkim .
Sarah Bixby Smith ( 1871 - -1935 ) was a California writer and an advocate of women 's education .
Kerthney Carty ( born 4 February 1962 ) is an English professional football manager .
Chance Sumner ( born 1977 ) is an American Paralympic wheelchair rugby player from Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Jesse Rosenfeld ( born 17 October 1983 ) is an Australian stage , television and film actor , best known for playing Marco Silvani on the soap opera Neighbours .
Pablo Cardozo ( born 23 December 1972 ) is a former Australian football ( soccer ) striker .
Pamela Rae Huteson ( 1957- ) is an Alaska Native author and illustrator , from Prince of Wales Island in Southeast Alaska .
Marchetto da Padova ( Marchettus of Padua ; b. 1274 ? ; fl . 1305 -- 1319 ) was an Italian music theorist and composer of the late medieval era .
Nikolaus Georg von Reigersberg ( 1598 -- 7 June 1651 ) was an imperial official , Chancellor in the Electorate of Mainz and Mayor of Aschaffenburg .
Gigi Edgley ( born 16 November 1977 ) is an Australian actress and recording artist .
Roslyn Walker ( b. Russel Erwood on 19 March 1981 Brislington , Bristol , England ) is an entertainer .
Richard Lindon ( 30 June 1816 -- 10 June 1887 ) was an English leatherworker who was instrumental in the development of the modern - day rugby ball by advancing the craft for ball , rubber bladder , and air pump .
Marius Ebbers ( born 4 January 1978 ) is a German footballer , who plays for SC Victoria .
Bruno Gonçalo Fernandes Silva ( born 4 May 1991 , in Faro ) .
Georgios Kazantzis ( Greek : Γιώργος Καζαντζής ; born 6 February 1979 ) is a Greek football player .
Adam van Vianen ( 1568 - - 1627 ) was a Dutch Golden Age medallist , engraver and silversmith .
Nicholas Ribic ( born 1974 ) is a Canadian who fought in the Bosnian Serb Army where he was also known as Nikola Ribić .
Ian Schuback is a former Australian lawn and indoor bowler and was born in Australia on 4 September 1952 .
Ian Blakemore ( born 13 May 1965 , in Ironbridge , Shropshire ) was an English cricketer .
Martin Odersky ( born 5 September 1958 ) is a German computer scientist and professor of programming methods at EPFL in Switzerland .
Bruno Beltrão ( born 19 September 1979 in Niteroi ) is a Brazilian choreographer who has worked since 1996 with his Grupo de Rua ( GRN ) .
Richard Hook Richens ( 1919 - -1984 ) was a Director of the Commonwealth Bureau of Plant Breeding and Genetics ( part of the Commonwealth Agricultural Bureaux ) at Cambridge University , and became best known for his studies of elm ( Ulmus ) .
Tørres Christensen ( 10 May 1664 -- 15 February 1721 ) was a Norwegian merchant , landowner and ship owner .
Stana Katic ( /ˈstɑːnə ˈkætᵻk/ ; born 26 April 1978 ) is a Canadian - American film and television actress .
Pim Walsma ( born 3 February 1987 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for the Amsterdam Pirates and the Dutch national team .
Celia Barker Lottridge ( born 1936 ) is an award - winning Canadian children 's writer .
Capel Bond ( 14 December 1730 -- 14 February 1790 ) was an English organist and composer .
Darren Lim ( Chinese : 林明伦 ; pinyin : Lín Mínglún , born 30 September 1972 ) is a Singaporean actor and television host .
Sir Richard Torin Kindersley ( 1792 - -1879 ) was an English lawyer and judge .
Juan Tomás Ávila Laurel was born on 6 November 1966 in Malabo , Spanish Guinea ( now Equatorial Guinea ) , the son of Manuel Ávila Fernández and Luisa Laurel Bizantino , both teachers and Spanish settlers from Annobón island .
Osama Elsamni ( Japanese : エルサムニー・オサマ Erusamunī Osama , Arabic : أسامة السمني‎ ) ( born 29 September 1988 ) is an Egyptian - Japanese footballer who plays as a striker for YSCC Yokohama .
Angela Martini ( born Angjela Martini on 23 May 1986 ) is an Albanian model and beauty pageant titleholder .
Panagiotis Spyropoulos ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Σπυρόπουλος , born 21 August 1992 ) is a Greek professional football player , who last played Panathinaikos in the Superleague .
Otto Decker ( born 19 September 1930 ) is a retired German - American soccer player who earned one cap , scoring two goals , with the U.S. national team in 1953 .
Jiha Moon ( born 1973 ) is a contemporary artist who focuses on painting , printmaking , and sculptural ceramic objects .
Uzi Vishkin ( born 1953 ) is a computer scientist at the University of Maryland , College Park , where he is Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Maryland Institute for Advanced Computer Studies ( UMIACS ) .
Lý Tự Trọng ( Thailand 20 October 1914-Saigon , 21 November 1931 ) was a Vietnamese revolutionary executed by the French when he was only 17 years old .
Hélène Pelosse ( born 5 March 1970 ) was the first elected Interim Director - General of the International Renewable Energy Agency ( IRENA ) .
Ranini Cundasawmy ( born 19 May 1984 ) is a Mauritian Muay Thai , Savate fighter , and winner of several national championships .
Tarek Natour ( Arabic : طارق ناطور‎ , Hebrew : טארק נאטור‎ ; born 18 August 1990 ) is an Israeli footballer .
Daniel Bayne ( c 1730 -- 1769 ) was a Scottish born merchant and trader who came to Quebec City after the British Conquest .
Rico Lieder ( born 25 September 1971 in Burgstädt ) is a retired German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres .
Sir Francis Bond Head , 1st Baronet KCH PC ( 1 January 1793 -- 20 July 1875 ) , known as `` Galloping Head '' , was Lieutenant - Governor of Upper Canada during the rebellion of 1837 .
Douglas Scale ( more commonly known as Doug Scale ; born 24 January 1954 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) now known as the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Iruthayanathan Charles Nirmalanathan ( Tamil : சார்ல்ஸ் நிர்மலநாதன் ; born 24 November 1975 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and a Member of Parliament .
Enzo Liberti ( 20 April 1926 -- 4 May 1986 ) was an Italian actor , voice actor , director and television personality .
Øystein Paasche ( born 3 May 1963 ) is a Norwegian musician and drummer in deLillos .
Tony Herman ( born 18 August 1967 ) is a retired rugby league footballer of the ' 80s and ' 90s .
Liu Shifu ( Chinese : 劉師復 ; 1884 -- 27 March 1915 ) was an influential figure in the Chinese revolutionary movement in the early twentieth century , and in the Chinese Anarchist movement in particular .
Eric L. Schwartz ( born 1947 ) is Professor of Cognitive and Neural Systems , Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering , and Professor of Anatomy and Neurobiology at Boston University .
Rev. Bradford Leavitt ( born 1868 ) was a Harvard - educated Unitarian minister named pastor of San Francisco 's First Unitarian Church in 1900 -- six years before the San Francisco earthquake .
Washington Iza , ( 1947 - -present ) is an Ecuadorian artist known chiefly for his radical surrealistic style of painting that contrasted sharply with more traditional styles used by fellow Ecuadorian painters such as Oswaldo Guayasamin , Eduardo Kingman and Bolivar Mena Franco .
Nan Yik - Pong , better known by his stage name Pong Nan ( Chinese : 藍奕邦 ; born 15 May 1978 ) , is a Cantopop musician , singer - songwriter and actor in Hong Kong .
Andrés F. Dasso ( 16 June 1893 in Lima -- ? ? ) , was a Peruvian politician .
Sebastian Israël ( Hebrew : סבסטיאן ישראל‎ , born 21 December 1977 ) is a former French - Israeli footballer .
Sabeena Saleem Athika ( born 1968 ) is an Indian bowler from Tamil Nadu .
Anders Flodström ( born 1944 ) is a Swedish professor of materials physics at the Royal Institute of Technology .
Ian Fahey ( born 29 June 1994 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a centre - forward for the Tipperary senior team .
Dr. Peter Finke ( born 1944 ) is a German theoretical physicist who participated in Project-706 , Pakistan 's clandestine nuclear research project .
Kristin Espinasse ( 22 December 1968 ) is an American born author and photographer who lives with her French husband Jean - Marc and their two children near Orange , France .
Raleigh DeGeer Amyx ( born 1938 ) is an American collector of Presidential , Americana , military , sports , NASA , and Olympic artifacts , including gold , silver , and bronze winners medals presented to athletes .
Ronald Hanmer ( 2 February 1917 -- 23 May 1994 ) was a British conductor , composer and arranger of light music , who spent his latter years in Australia .
Christian Wetklo ( born 11 January 1980 ) is a German footballer who plays for Schalke 04 II . He made his professional debut in the Bundesliga for 1 .
Walter Copland Perry ( 1814 -- December 1911 ) was a noted British author and barrister - at - law .
David Downton ( 1959 ) is a fashion illustrator .
Jiang Shuo ( Chinese : 蔣朔 ; pinyin : Jiáng Shuò ) ( born 1958 , Beijing , China ) is a Chinese contemporary sculptor .
Rainer Ohlhauser ( born 6 January 1941 in Dilsberg , Rhein - Neckar - Kreis ) is a German former footballer who played as a striker during the 1960s and 1970s .
Carl Pontus Wikner ( 19 May 1837 - 16 May 1888 ) was a famed Swedish lecturer in philosophy and professor of aesthetics in Oslo ( Christiania ) from 1884 .
Wang Yongpo ( Chinese : 王永珀 ; pinyin : Wáng Yǒngpò , born 19 January 1987 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League .
Eric Wan Tin - chiu ( born 28 October 1964 ) is a Hong Kong television actor best known for his role as `` Fong Tin - yau '' in the My Date with a Vampire television series trilogy produced by the Hong Kong television network ATV .
Stefan Czerpak ( 1951 - -1998 ) was a rugby union coach and physical education teacher .
Teten Masduki ( 1963 ) is an Indonesian social activist involved in public clearinghouse for information about corruption , collusion , and nepotism of Indonesia .
Kase2 ( also known as King Kase2 and Case2 ; born Jeff Brown in New York City , 1958 ) was a graffiti writer and a significant contributor to the hip - hop movement .
Ji Hyun - woo ( born Joo Hyung - tae on 29 November 1984 ) is a South Korean actor and musician .
Beth A. Brown ( 1969 -- October 5 , 2008 ) was a NASA astrophysicist .
David Sammel ( born in 1961 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a tennis coach , sports consultant and writer .
Mike Teasdale ( born 28 July 1969 in Elgin , Moray ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played for Elgin City , Dundee and Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Hans Egede Saabye ( July 1746 -- August 31 , 1817 ) was a Danish priest and a missionary to Greenland .
Elisa Oricchio ( born 1979 ) is an Italian cancer researcher who discovered that EphA7 activates the tumor suppressor gene for patients with follicular lymphoma .
Claudine Rinner ( born 1965 ) is a French amateur astronomer who has given her name to a minor planet and was awarded the Edgar Wilson Award award for discovering three comets .
Rozalia Mancewicz ( born 27 June 1987 ) is a Polish beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Polonia 2010 and represented her country in Miss Universe 2011 and in Miss International 2012 .
Bindo Maserati ( 1883 - September , 1980 ) was an Italian automotive engineer and businessman , known as the manager of Maserati and one of the Maserati Brothers .
John Robert McCrum ( born 7 July 1953 ) , is an English writer and editor .
Jakub Holuša ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjakup ˈɦoluʃa ) , born 20 February 1988 ) is a Czech middle - distance runner .
Tim Reeves ( born 28 August 1972 ) is an English sidecar racer from Maidstone , Kent .
Vanessa Winship ( born 1960 ) is a British photographer who works on long term projects of portrait , landscape , reportage and documentary photography .
Umberto Raho ( 4 June 1922 -- 9 January 2016 ) was an Italian stage , film and television actor .
Jin Qiaoqiao ( born 21 April 1975 ) is a Chinese actress , singer and hostess of ethnic Manchu origin .
Maya Jackson Randall ( 1979 - 2013 ) was an American news reporter for The Wall Street Journal ( WSJ ) .
Tatyana Talysheva ( Russian : Татьяна Талышева ) ( born 15 October 1937 ) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the Long Jump .
Armand Point ( 23 March 1860 or 23 March 1861 -- February 1932 or March 1932 ) was a French painter , engraver and designer who was associated with the Symbolist movement and was one of the founders of the Salon de la Rose + Croix .
Manuel Fettner ( born 17 June 1985 ) is an Austrian ski jumper .
Besim Bey , full name Mehmed Besim Bey born in 1828 in the Ottoman Empire was an Ottoman public administrator and politician .
Elkouria Amidane ( born 29 September 1985 ) is a Sahrawi student and human rights activist .
Aminata Kamissoko ( born 9 July 1985 ) is a Mauritanian sprint athlete .
Yasra Rizvi ( born 15 November 1982 ) , is a Pakistani film , television and theatre actress and writer from Islamabad best known for working in television serials .
Daniela Lavender , Lady Kingsley ( born 14 December 1974 , former name Daniela Barbosa ) is a Brazilian actress , appearing on Brazilian television , and English - language television , film and stage , including touring with the British Shakespeare Company .
John Brake ( born 22 April 1988 in London , England ) is a professional rugby union player for England Sevens in the IRB Sevens World Series .
Christopher Busby ( born 1 September 1945 ) is a British scientist known for his controversial theories about the negative health effects of very low - dose ionising radiation .
Jozef Bubenko ( born 21 March 1951 ) is a Slovakian football coach who recently worked as a manager for MFK Zemplín Michalovce .
John Brian Christopherson CBE ( 30 April 1868 -- 21 July 1955 ) , was a British physician and a pioneer of chemotherapy .
Gustav Engelbert Holm ( 1883 - -1957 ) was a Swedish farm worker and member of parliament .
Brian Finnegan ( born 20 August 1969 ) is an Irish flute and tin whistle player from Armagh , Northern Ireland .
Leigh Ashton ( born 11 April 1956 in Manchester , England ) is a South African singer , songwriter , pianist , performer and recording artist from Johannesburg , South Africa .
Luis Carone , born in 1984 , began working with Post and FX at 14 .
Ursula Bruhin ( born 19 March 1970 ) is a Swiss snowboarder , World Champion in Parallel Giant Slalom in 2001 and 2003 .
Dai Chunning ( simplified Chinese : 戴春宁 ; traditional Chinese : 戴春寧 ; pinyin : Daì Chūnníng ; born February 1962 ) is a former Chinese business executive .
Enda Bonner ( born October 1949 ) is an Irish politician and sportsperson .
Salih Mahmoud Osman ( born Darfur , 1957 ) is a Sudanese human rights lawyer .
George Tinline ( 28 October 1815 -- 4 February 1895 ) was a nineteenth - century South Australian banker and politician .
Stacy Dittrich ( born 2 March 1973 ) , a former police detective from Ohio , is an American mystery novelist and true crime author .
Lydia Stahl ( 1890- ? ) was a secret agent who worked for Soviet Military Intelligence ( GRU ) in New York and Paris .
Annie Von Behren ( 1857-November 30 , 1882 ) was an American stage actress of the 19th century from New York .
Clive Christian , OBE ( born 12 July 1951 ) is a British designer best known for his designer kitchens and his creation of Clive Christian No . 1 , the world 's most expensive perfume .
Eoghan Hickey ( born 29 October 1981 in Dublin , Ireland ) is a former professional rugby union player who played for seven professional clubs throughout four countries .
Thangam Thennarasu ( Tamil : தங்கம் தென்னரசு ) ( born 3 June 1966 ) is an Indian politician and the minister for School Education of Tamil Nadu during 2006 - 2011 .
Nicholas Frances Chase ( born Nebeil Mahayni , 1966 in Roseburg , Oregon ) is an Arab - American composer and performer .
Renata Scaglia ( born 24 April 1954 in Turin ) is a former Italian discus thrower .
Emma Forster ( born 1976 ) is a South Australian television presenter , director of tourist attraction Swim with the Tuna and advisor for the company , Oceanic Victor .
Giovanni Cimbalo was born in Rose ( Cosenza ) on 31 August 1947 and graduated in Ecclesiastic Law at the Faculty of Law of Florence in 1972 discussing the final thesis `` I rapporti tra Stato e Chiesa in Italia dallo scioglimento dell'opera dei congressi alla marcia su Roma '' .
Alfred Wilm ( 1869 - -1937 ) was a German metallurgist who invented the alloy Al-3.5 - -5.5%Cu - Mg - Mn , now known as duraluminium , which is used extensively in aircraft .
The eldest son of Joseph Phillimore , vicar of Orton - on - the - Hill , Leicestershire , by Mary , daughter of John Machin of Kensington , was born on 14 September 1775 .
Gutierre Tibón ( 16 July 1905 -- 15 May 1999 ) was an Italian - Mexican author .
Silas Cooper ( 1778 at Wadhurst , Sussex -- 30 May 1816 at Wadhurst , Sussex ) was an English professional cricketer .
Mark Trevorrow ( born 4 February 1959 in Melbourne , Victoria ) , is an Australian comedian , television host and media personality .
Torkel Wetterhus ( born 29 June 1944 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician .
Adam Janowski ( /jəˈnɒfski/ ; born 19 September 1987 in London ) is a rugby league player for Harlequins Rugby League in the European Super League .
Annie Man Chung - Han ( Chinese : 文頌嫻 ) , born 20 July 1976 , is an actress from Hong Kong .
V. Yuvaraj ( b 1964 ) is an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu who belongs to Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam- DMDK .
George Gallo , Jr. ( born 1956 ) is an American screenwriter , film director , producer , painter and musician .
Yaneer Bar - Yam ( born 1959 ) is an American physicist , systems scientist , and founding president of the New England Complex Systems Institute .
Sophie Charlotte Elisabeth Ursinus ( née Weingarten ; 5 May 1760 -- 4 April 1836 ) was a German serial killer believed to have been responsible for poisoning her husband , aunt , and lover , and of attempting to poison her servant .
Ralf Gyllenhammar , born 1966 , is the Grammis award winning lead guitarist and vocalist of Swedish hard rock band Mustasch as well as the presenter at the Swedish TV channel TV7 .
Nicolaes de Giselaer , also Nicolaes de Geijselers , Nicolaes de Geyselers , Nicolaas de Gijselaer , Nicolaas de Gijzelaer , Nicolaes de Gyselaer , Nicolaas de Gyzelaer , Nicolaes de Ghyselaer ( 1583 - -c.1654 ) was a Dutch painter and draughtsman .
Vanessa Guerra ( born 1989 ) is a Democratic politician from Michigan who represents the 95th District in the Michigan House of Representatives .
Annita Pania ( born Anastasia Pania , 1970 ) is a Greek television hostess .
Ian Spink ( born 8 October 1947 ) is an Australian - British choreographer .
Senga Nengudi ( born 1943 ) is an African - American visual artist best known for her abstract sculptures that combine found objects and choreographed performance .
So Loi Keung ( Chinese : 蘇來強 ; Jyutping : sou1 loi4 koeng4 ; born 27 October 1982 in Hong Kong ) is a football player currently playing for Kitchee SC .
Willie Bermingham ( March 1942 -- April 1990 ) was an Irish firefighter and campaigner , who founded A.L.O.N.E. ( A Little Offering Never Ends ) , an organisation highlighting the plight of old people living alone .
Paul Wallace Gates ( 1901 - -1999 ) was a professor of history and general historian who is widely considered to be the foremost authority on the history of federal land policy in the United States .
Vin Arthur ( 23 March 1905 -- 6 November 1970 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dr. Serhy Yekelchyk ( born 13 November 1966 in Kiev ) is a Ukrainian Canadian historian of Ukrainian and Russian history .
Robin Luke ( born 20 March 1942 , Los Angeles , California ) is an American rockabilly singer who is best known for his 1958 song , `` Susie Darlin ' '' .
Toni Santagata , stage name of Antonio Morese ( born 9 December 1935 ) is an Italian folk singer , composer , comedian and actor .
Pope John XXII ( Latin : Ioannes XXII ; 1244 -- 4 December 1334 ) , born Jacques Duèze ( or d'Euse ) , was Pope from 7 August 1316 to his death in 1334 .
Absar Ahmad ( born 1945 ) is a distinguished Pakistani philosopher .
Per Inge Torkelsen ( born 21 March 1953 ) is a Norwegian comic , author , radio personality , and self declared clown .
Mick Stallard ( 1944 - -2002 ) was an English racing cyclist .
Boris Dežulović ( born 20 November 1964 ) is a Croatian journalist and writer , best known as one of the founders of the now defunct satirical magazine Feral Tribune .
Jennarong Muengtaweepongsa ( Thai : เจนณรงค์ มุ่งทวีพงษา , born 19 March 2000 ) , also known as VanaticalDesign , is a Thai automobile designer known for designs such as the Koenigseggs Utagera and Legera concepts and the Aston Martin DB11 concept , among others .
Mats Lidström ( born 1959 ) is a solo cellist , recording artist , chamber musician , composer , teacher and publisher .
Avi Barot ( born 25 June 1992 ) is an Indian first - class cricketer who plays for Haryana .
Steven Polack ( born 10 January 1961 ) is an English football manager and former footballer who also holds a Finnish citizenship .
Luke Barnatt ( born 13 April 1988 ) is an English mixed martial artist who fought as a Middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Thomas Tulis ( born 1961 ) is an American photographer and painter living and working in Atlanta , Georgia .
John McEntee Bowman ( 1875 -- October 28 , 1931 ) was a Canadian - born businessman , American hotelier and horseman , and the founding president of Bowman - Biltmore Hotels Corp.
Libby Sharpe ( born 27 November 1991 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player currently playing for Newcastle United Jets .
Andrea Ehrig - Mitscherlich ( née Mitscherlich , also known as Andrea Schöne - Mitscherlich , born 1 December 1960 ) is a retired East German speed skater .
Vratislav Hugo Brunner ( 15 October 1886 - July 13 , 1928 ) was a Czech typographer , illustrator , graphic designer , cartoonist , author , toy and stage designer and painter .
Orion Ximenes Filho ( 1945 - -unknown ) is a Brazilian actor and voice - over artist .
Augustus Hemenway ( 1853 - -1931 ) was a philanthropist and public servant in Boston , Massachusetts , in the latter part of the 19th century .
Katalin Marton is a Hungarian mathematician born 1941 in Budapest .
William Beach ( c. 1815 Auburn , Cayuga County , New York -- March 14 , 1860 Albany , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Yul Edochie ( born Yul Chibuike Daniel Edochie 7 January 1982 ) is a Nigerian actor , named after popular Russian actor Yul Brynner .
Heinrich Gustav Flörke ( 24 December 1764 , Altenkalden in Mecklenburg -- 11 June 1835 ) was a German botanist and lichenologist .
Ophelia S. Lewis ( born 7 November 1961 ) is a Liberian author and publisher and humanitarian .
Field Marshal Sir Patrick Grant , GCB GCMG ( 11 September 1804 -- 28 March 1895 ) was a senior Indian Army officer .
Thomas Lüthi ( born 6 September 1986 ) is a professional motorcycle road racer currently competing in the Moto2 Grand Prix World Championship .
John Shum Kin - Fun ( born 1952 ) is a Hong Kong actor and film producer .
Lewis Combs ( 1895 -- May 1996 ) , was a United States Admiral who helped found and direct the famed `` Seabees '' construction battalions in World War II . He died at age 101 in Red Hook , New York .
Paine Proffitt ( born 1972 ; Phoenix , Arizona ) is an American - born artist living in England , best known for his sporting works and for his depiction of the `` working man 's life '' .
Henry William Petre ( 1820 -- 3 December 1889 ) was colonial treasurer of New Munster Province .
Max Kahn ( 1902 - -2005 ) was a Litvak lithographer , painter and sculptor born in Slonim , Belarus in 1902 .
Richard Mark Elson ( born 10 February 1979 ) is an English writer , director and editor for film and television .
Matt O'Mahoney ( 19 January 1913 -- 1992 ) was an Irish footballer who played for , among others , Bristol Rovers and Ipswich Town .
Julio Roloff ( b. Havana , 1951 ) is a Cuban composer that has collaborated with the Laboratorio Nacional de Música Electroacústica ( LNME ) founded by composer Juan Blanco , where he created numerous electroacoustic pieces .
Kseniia Levkovska , Ukrainian Ксенія Левковська ( patronymic : Юріївна ) , born 13 October 1989 in Kharkiv ( Ukrainian : Харків ) , is a professional Ukrainian triathlete and reserve member of the National Team .
Malik Rahim ( born Donald Guyton in 1948 ) is a former Black Panther , and a long - time housing and prison activist in the U.S. state of Louisiana .
Karine Vallières ( born 19 March 1978 ) is a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Richmond , first elected in the 2012 election .
Ralph Verney , 1st Earl Verney ( 18 March 1683 -- 4 October 1752 ) , styled The Honourable from 1703 to 1717 and subsequently known as The Viscount Fermanagh until 1742 , was an Irish peer and Tory politician .
Marisa Laurito ( born 19 April 1951 ) is an Italian actress , singer and television personality .
Swami Sundaranand ( born 1926 in India ) is a Yogi , photographer , author and mountaineer who lectures widely in India on threats to the Ganges River and the loss of Himalayan glaciers due to global warming .
Adam Kuban ( born 1974 in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) is the current editor and founding publisher of Slice NY , a weblog devoted to the subject of pizza .
Andrew Mawson , Baron Mawson , OBE ( born 8 November 1954 ) is an English social entrepreneur .
Rafat Muhammad ( born 6 July 1977 ) is a former Syrian footballer and current coach of Al - Wahda .
Hugh Harra ( born 29 March 1936 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Falkirk and Dumbarton .
Rena Sinakin Oliver ( born March 1949 ) is an American record producer , singer / songwriter and artist .
Alan Clayson ( born 3 May 1951 , Dover , Kent ) is an English singer - songwriter , author and music journalist .
Ximena Zomosa ( born 1966 , Santiago , Chile ) is a visual artist and curator who works in contemporary art and conceptual art , whose work demonstrates -- from the perspective of gender-- a discourse that is fundamentally feminine .
Henry Walter ( 1611 - -1678 ? ) was a Welsh Anglican priest who became a Puritan .
Mario Gjurovski or Mario Đurovski ( Macedonian : Марио Ѓуровски ; born 11 December 1985 ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for Bangkok United .
Matthias Brändle ( born 7 December 1989 ) is an Austrian professional road bicycle racer for UCI world tour team IAM Cycling .
Vladimir IV Rurikovich ( Ukrainian : Володимир Рюрикович ; Russian : Владимир Рюрикович ) ( 1187 -- March 3 , 1239 ) , Prince of Pereyaslavl ( 1206 - -1213 ) , Smolensk ( 1213 - -1219 ) and Grand Prince of Kiev ( 1223 - -1235 ) .
Gene Kelton ( 10 April 1953 -- 28 December 2010 ) was an American guitarist , harmonica player and singer - songwriter , based in Houston , Texas .
Gedhun Choekyi Nyima ( born 25 April 1989 ) is the 11th Panchen Lama of Tibetan Buddhism as recognised by the Dalai Lama and various other Tibetan Buddhist leaders .
Mark Anthony Jarman ( born 11 June 1955 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is an award - winning Canadian fiction writer .
Norbert Michelisz ( born 8 August 1984 , Himesháza ) is a Hungarian auto racing driver , who currently competes in the World Touring Car Championship .
Abebech Afework Bekele ( born 11 December 1990 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who specialises half marathon races .
Johann Faber ( 1478 -- May 21 , 1541 ) was a Catholic theologian known for his writings opposing the Protestant Reformation and the growing Anabaptist movement .
Peter Zummo ( born 1948 ) is an American composer and musician .
Charles Weissmann ( born 14 October 1931 ) is a Hungarian - born Swiss molecular biologist .
Zoltán Vasas ( born 5 November 1977 ) is a Hungarian football player who plays for Vecsés FC in the Hungarian second division .
Tsao Chang ( Chinese : 张操 born 1942 in Shanghai , China ) is a Chinese - American physicist .
George Ward Cole F.R.G.S. , Commander R.N. ( 15 November 1793 -- 26 April 1879 ) was a Royal Navy officer and politician in Australia , member of the Victorian Legislative Council .
James Waddel ( or Waddell , July 1739 -- September 17 , 1805 ) was an Irish American Presbyterian preacher from Virginia noted for his eloquence .
Rod J. Rosenstein ( born in 1965 ) is the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the District of Maryland and a former nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit .
Henry Richards Luard ( 25 August 1825 , London -- 1 May 1891 , Cambridge ) was a British medieval historian and antiquary .
Vladimir Nesterov ( Russian : Нестеров Владимир Евгеньевич ) ( born 1 July 1949 ) is the general director of Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center , one of the world 's leading space launch providers .
Magomed Kurugliyev ( born 16 January 1974 in Dagestan ) is a Lezgin from Dagestan .
Adnan Hamidović ( born 31 May 1982 ) , better known by his stage name Frenkie , is a Bosnian rapper from Bijeljina .
Alessia Fabiani ( born 10 December 1976 ) is an Italian model , showgirl and TV presenter .
Sabine Bothe also known as Sabine Adamik ( born 8 July 1960 ) is a German handball goalkeeper .
Samir Nassar ( born on 5 July 1950 in Nebay , Lebanon ) is the current archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Damascus .
Louis de la Pivardière ( 15 November 1661 - ? ? ? ? ) , also known as Louis Dubouchet , was a French nobleman .
Pier Silvio Berlusconi ( born on 28 April 1969 ) is an Italian entrepreneur in the media business .
Rodolfo Carbone ( 1928 -- May 25 , 2008 ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player in striker role .
Poojashree Venkatesha ( Kannada : ಪುಜಶ್ರೀ ವೆಂಕಾತೆಷಾ ; born 27 July 1990 in Mandya ) is an Indian tennis player , primarily competing on the ITF Women 's Circuit .
Sébastien Rémy ( born 16 April 1974 ) is a former Luxembourgian footballer , playing on the left side of midfield .
Jay Pond - Jones ( born 1 July 1957 in London ) is a British TV producer and writer .
Paul Verhaeghen ( born 1965 ) is a Belgian novelist , writing in his native Dutch .
Frank Sytner ( born 29 June 1944 in Liverpool ) is a British racing driver , a Life Member of the BRDC , and was the 1988 British Touring Car Champion , driving a BMW M3 .
Sirena Huang ( born May 18 , 1994 ) is a Taiwanese American concert violinist .
Barry Smyth ( 1973 , Keady , County Armagh ) is an Irish former head chef and restaurant owner .
Coleman O. Parsons , also Coleman Parsons , 1905 - 1991 , was a scholar , author and professor of literature , last as Professor Emeritus of English at CUNY 's City College .
Calum MacPherson ( born Cambridge England 1964 ) is a British character actor and musician .
Bill Tyquin ( 1919 - -1999 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer .
Kevin Ablett ( born 26 March 1958 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn , Richmond and Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Peter Baro ( 1534 - -1599 ) was a French Huguenot minister , ordained by John Calvin , but later in England a critic of some Calvinist theological positions .
Frederick Charles Porter ( 1832 - 1869 ) was an Australian miner and explorer of the Gippsland region of Victoria .
Branko Strupar ( born 9 February 1970 ) is a former Croatian - Belgian football striker .
Julius Mendes Price ( 1857 -- 29 September 1924 ) was an artist , war correspondent , explorer , traveller , journalist and caricaturist for Vanity Fair ( signed `` Imp '' , `` Jmp '' or `` jmp '' ) .
Portia Lee James DeGeneres ( born Amanda Lee Rogers ; 31 January 1973 ) , known professionally as Portia de Rossi /ˈpɔərʃə də ˈrɒsi/ , is an Australian American actress , model and philanthropist , known for her roles as lawyer Nelle Porter on the television series Ally McBeal and Lindsay Fünke on the sitcom Arrested Development .
Janez Stanovnik ( born 4 August 1922 ) is a Slovenian economist , politician , and former partisan .
Timothy Hodge ( born October 17 , 1985 ) , better known by his stage name Tim Vocals , is an American recording artist , singer , rapper and songwriter .
Anamika Choudhari ( also spelt as Anamika Chaudhary ) , born on July 7 , 1995 in Mariani , Jorhat of Assam belongs to Bengali/ Assamese Hindu family and was the winner in Zee TV 's children 's singing competition Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs International .
Krista Woodward ( born 22 November 1984 ) is Canadian track and field athlete specialising in the javelin throw .
Stefan Sznuk , OC ( 1896 -- May 6 , 1986 ) was a pioneering Polish aviator , as well as an Air Force Major - General and was among the first to join the new Polish Air Force in 1919 .
Hirano Tsukasa ( Japanese : 平野司 , born 28 April 1983 in Osaka ) is a Japanese triathlete .
Paolo Isnardi ( c. 1536 - May 5 , 1596 ) was a late - Renaissance choirmaster and composer .
Anvari ( 1126 - -1189 ) , full name Awhad ad - Din ' Ali ibn Mohammad Khavarani or Awhad ad - Din ' Ali ibn Mahmud ( Persian : اوحد الدین علی ابن محد انوری‎ ) was a Persian poet .
Nazaria Lagos ( 28 August 1851 - 27 January 1945 ) was a caring and self - sacrificing patriot of the Revolution and the Philippine - American War .
Susan McMaster ( born 1950 ) is a Canadian poet , literary editor , spoken word / performance poet , and 2011 - 12 President of the League of Canadian Poets .
Corin Hewitt ( born 1971 ) is an American sculptor and photographer .
Ger Lynch ( born 10 December 1958 ) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a wing back for the Kerry senior team .
Fábio André da Silva Ferraz ( born 14 July 1985 ) , commonly known as Tiquinho , is an Angolan international footballer who plays as a right winger .
Nick Brandt ( born 1966 ) is an English photographer who photographs exclusively in the African continent , one of his goals being to record a last testament to the wild animals and places there before they are destroyed by the hands of man .
Gunn Wærsted ( born 16 March 1955 ) is a Norwegian businessperson , with prominent positions in finance and banking .
Harold Coward ( born 1936 ) is a Canadian scholar of bioethics and religious studies .
Jakob Sporrenberg ( 16 September 1902 -- 6 December 1952 ) was a SS - Gruppenführer und Generalleutnant der Polizei in Minsk , Belarus and Lublin , Poland .
Colin Seeley ( born Colin Jordan Seeley , 2 January 1936 in Crayford , Kent , England ) is an English former motorcycle retailer who later became a successful motorcycle sidecar racer , motorcycle designer , constructor and retailer of accessories .
Yvonne Antrobus ( born 1 November 1940 ) is a British novelist , abridger , radio dramatist , and actress .
Chhunly Pagenburg ( born 10 November 1986 ) is a German footballer of Cambodian descent , who played as a striker .
Aviva Cantor ( born 1940 ) is an American journalist , lecturer and author .
Nourdine Bourhane ( born 1958 ) is a politician from the Comoros and one of the Vice Presidents of the Comoros since May 2011 .
Mirjam Kristensen ( born 17 May 1978 ) is a Norwegian novelist and non - fiction writer .
Owen Medlock ( born 8 March 1938 ) is a former English footballer who played for Oxford United , Chelsea and Swindon Town .
Ioannis Chalkeus ( Aromanian : Joan Chalkeus , Greek : Ιωάννης Χαλκεύς , 1667-between 1730 and 1740 ) or Chalkias , was an Aromanian scholar , philosopher and figure of the modern Greek Enlightenment .
Patricia van der Vliet ( born 14 July 1989 ) is a Dutch fashion model , who placed fourth in the fourth cycle of the reality television show Holland 's Next Top Model .
Shykh Seraj ( born 28 June 1956 ) is a Bangladeshi journalist , media personality and agriculture development activist .
Denise Johns ( born 9 December 1978 ) is a professional beach volleyball player .
Georgios Panagiotopoulos ( Greek : Γεώργιος Παναγιωτόπουλος ; born 12 August 1969 ) is a retired Greek sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres .
Teodosie Bârcă ( born Tătărăuca Nouă , Soroca District , 1894 - year of death unknown ) was a Bessarabian politician .
Varban Stamatov ( Bulgarian : Върбан Стаматов ) ( 27 May 1924 -- 23 November 1998 ) was a Bulgarian writer , marine novelist , publicist and editor .
David D'Antoni ( born 28 January 1979 ) is an Italian footballer who played over 150 games at Italian Serie B.
Douwe Eisenga ( born in 1961 , Apeldoorn ) is a Dutch composer .
Petros Fyssoun ( Greek : Πέτρος Φυσσούν ; born 5 October 1933 ) is a Greek actor in film and television .
Tô Linh Hương , ( born 1988 in Hanoi ) is a Vietnamese businesswoman , serving as Chairman and CEO of state - running real estate company Vinaconex - PVC ( PVV ) , a construction investment joint stock company .
Aldo Franchi ( 21 March 1882 Milan -- Unknown ) was an Italian racecar driver .
Richard Ringer ( born 27 February 1989 in Überlingen ) is a German athlete specialising in the long - distance and cross - country running .
Yiannis Dimitras ( Greek : Γιάννης Δημητράς ; born 1954 ) is a Greek singer .
Trefor Owen ( 20 February 1933 - -July 2001 ) was a Welsh amateur football centre half who played in the Football League for Leyton Orient .
Seán Dillon ( born 30 July 1983 ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership .
Mary Goelet , Duchess of Roxburghe ( a.k.a . May Goelet ) ( 1878 - 1937 ) was an American heiress and later Duchess .
Hans Groop , born 1932 in Vaasa is a Finnish yacht designer based in Helsinki .
Matthieu Tota ( born 26 September 1985 ) , commonly known as M. Pokora or Matt Pokora , is a French singer and songwriter .
Dara Horn ( born 1977 ) is an American novelist and professor of literature .
Nancy Folbre ( 19 July 1952 ) is an American feminist economist who focuses on economics and the family ( or family economics ) , non - market work and the economics of care .
Cemal Azmi ( 1868 -- April 17 , 1922 ) , also spelled Jemal Azmi , was an Ottoman politician and governor of the Trabzon Vilayet during World War I and the final years of the Ottoman Empire .
Adriana Faranda ( born 7 August 1950 ) is an Italian former terrorist , who was a member of the Red Brigades during the kidnapping of Aldo Moro .
Mark Bradly ( born 24 January 1977 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and for North Ballarat in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Else - Marie Lindgren ( born 1949 ) is a Swedish Christian democratic politician .
Rosemary Beresford ( born 1898 , date of death unknown ) was an American figure skater .
Ricardo Forster ( born 26 September 1957 ) is an Argentine philosopher , historian of ideas and political critic He is professor and researcher at Universidad de Buenos Aires and University of Maryland .
Mohammed Ali Abdallah Addarrat ( born 13 September 1975 Tripoli , Libya ) is a Libyan political activist .
Jack Woodford ( 1894 - -1971 ) was an American novelist and non - fiction writer , author of successful pulp novels and non - fiction of the 1930s and 1940s .
Abdelkarim Jouaiti ( Arabic : عبد الكريم جويطي ) ( born 1962 ) is a Moroccan novelist .
Stan Rodgerson ( 20 June 1894 -- 22 December 1955 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Paulina Guba ( born 14 May 1991 ) is a Polish athlete specialising in the shot put .
Peter Inman ( writing as P. Inman ) is an American poet who was born in 1947 and raised on Long Island .
Fergus Johnston ( born 21 May 1959 in Dublin ) is an Irish composer and member of Aosdána .
Josh Fraser ( born 5 January 1982 ) is a coach and former player of Australian rules football .
Terje Tvedt ( born 24 August 1951 ) is a Norwegian academic , author and film maker .
Abas Daud ( born 10 August 1969 ) is a FIFA registered referee since 2006 .
Czech artist Stanislav Lolek ( 1873 - 1936 ) is best known for his illustrations in the serialized novella ( daily comic ) Liška Bystrouška .
Frank A. Ready ( 1884 -- 1961 ) was a hotel man , working mostly in New York City from 1903 until his death in 1961 .
Keith W. Olson ( born 4 August 1931 ) is an award winning American author , historian and lecturer specializing twentieth - century history in the United States .
Orly Azoulay ( HE : אורלי_אזולאי ) ( Born : 1953 ) is an Israeli - American Journalist and Political Writer who works for Yedioth Ahronoth .
Martin Bulloch ( born 14 August 1974 ) is a Scottish musician , best known for being a member of Mogwai .
Steven M. LaValle ( born 1968 in St. Louis , USA ) is an American computer scientist , and Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
Matthew Baylis ( b. Nottingham , 1971 ) also known as Matt Baylis and M.H. Baylis is a British novelist , screenwriter and journalist .
Ola Jonsmoen ( born 9 July 1932 ) is a Norwegian educator , poet , novelist and children 's writer .
Irini Mouchou ( Greek : Ειρήνη Μούχου ; also transliterated as Mouhou by the International Triathlon Union ) ( born 7 January 1987 in Mytilene , Lesbos ) is a Greek professional triathlete and Greek National Champion of the year 2009 .
Miranda Tapsell ( born 1988 ) is an Indigenous Australian actress of both stage and screen , best known for her role as Cynthia in the Wayne Blair film , The Sapphires and her award winning 2015 performance as Martha Tennant in the Channel 9 drama series , Love Child .
Humphrey McQueen ( born 26 June 1942 ) is an Australian author , historian , and cultural commentator .
John Philip Elers ( 7 September 1664 -- 1738 ) was a Dutch potter , working in England .
Marie Ehrling is a Swedish Executive , ( Born 5 May 1955 ) .
John Rocca ( born 23 September 1960 , London , England ) became known first as a dance music performer , remixer and record producer .
Jan Mortel ( baptized 16 October 1652 -- 15 October 1719 ) was a Dutch Golden Age flower painter .
Ham Kee - yong ( born November 14 , 1930 ) is a former South Korean athlete , best known as the winner of the 1950 Boston Marathon .
Justin Crawford ( born 20 March 1977 in Finley ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Sydney and Hawthorn in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) during the 1990s .
Jonathan Phillippe ( born 24 January 1988 in Navarro ) is an Argentine Striker who currently plays for America de Cali .
Stonebwoy is the stage name of Livingstone Etse Satekla ( born 1988 ) , a Ghanaian afropop , dancehall and reggae artiste and is the CEO of Burniton Music Group .
Máire Nic an Bhaird ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈmˠaːɾʲənʲəcəˈwaːɾʲdʲ ) ; English : Moira Ward ; born 1982 ) is a secondary school teacher and Irish language activist from Dunmurry , County Antrim in Northern Ireland .
Beno Axionov(Belarusian : Бэна Максавіч Аксёнаў ; Russian : Бэно Максович Аксёнов , Beno Maksovich Aksyonov , Romanian : Băno Axionov ; born 2 April 1946 ) is a Russian - Moldovan actor , director , drama teacher , screenwriter .
Don Coppersmith ( born c. 1950 ) is a cryptographer and mathematician .
Josh Tenge ( born December 1978 ) is a professional sandboarder who has won four world championships and five national titles .
Adrian Georg Iselin ( 1818 - 1905 ) was a New York financier who invested in and developed real estate , railroads , and mining operations .
Franklin B. Ware ( 1873 - -May 3 , 1945 ) was an American architect , best known for serving as the state architect of New York from 1907 to 1912 .
Charlie Dore ( born 1956 , Pinner , Middlesex ) is an English singer - songwriter and actress .
Titus Flavius Justus ( Greek : Τίτος Θλάβιος Ίούστος , born 76 ) was an aristocratic , wealthy Roman Jew .
Mohammad Talha ( born 15 October 1988 ) is a Pakistani right - arm fast - medium bowler .
Graciela Chichilnisky ( born 1944 ) is an Argentine American mathematical economist and an authority on climate change .
John Holladay ( March 10 , 1798 -- December 31 , 1861 ) was a founder and namesake of the settlement of Holladay 's Burg , Utah Territory , which became Holladay , Utah .
Barent van Kalraet , or Barent Pietersz Calraat ( 16 August 1649 - 9 February 1737 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and the younger brother of Abraham Calraet .
Costas Papacostas ( Greek : Κώστας Παπακώστας ; 12 November 1939 -- 21 September 2015 ) was the Cypriot Minister of Defence from 2008 to 2011 .
Declan Bennett ( born 20 March 1981 ) is an English singer - songwriter and actor .
Lapidar Lladrovci(born 15 December 1990 in Gllogovc ) is an Kosovon professional footballer who plays for Kukësi in Albanian Superliga .
Russ Kick ( born 1969 ) is an American writer , editor , publisher and conspiracy theorist .
Zhou Zhengyi ( Chinese : 周正毅 ; pinyin : Zhōu Zhèngyì ; born 23 April 1961 , in Yangpu District , Shanghai ; Known in Hong Kong as Chau Ching Ngai ) is a prominent businessman and property developer from Shanghai , China .
Gabriel Hallevy ( born 1973 ) is full professor of criminal law , criminal justice , evidence law , conflict of laws , corporation law and hi - tech law at the Faculty of Law , Ono Academic College , the largest faculty of law in Israel .
Prasad Priyankara Wickramasinghe ( born 12 May 1977 , Colombo ) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for the Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club , Sri Lankan A team and the Sri Lankan Board XI .
Igor Duljaj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Дуљај ; born 29 October 1979 ) is a retired Serbian professional footballer .
Richard Rothwell ( 20 November 1800 -- 13 September 1868 ) was a nineteenth - century Irish portrait and genre painter .
Samuel Emmanuel Suka ( born 10 September 1983 ) is a retired Beninese football player who last plays for Liberty Professionals .
Xavier de Le Rue ( born 1 July 1979 ) is a French big mountain snowboarder , who started his pro career competing on the Boardercross pro tour ( organized at the time by the International Snowboard Federation ) .
Knut Aalefjær ( born 21 December 1974 in Bærum ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( drums and percussion ) , and composer , educated at the Norwegian Academy of Music .
Margaret Starbird ( born 18 June 1942 ) is the author of seven books arguing for the existence of a secret Christian tradition that held Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene , calling it the `` Grail heresy '' , after having set out to discredit the bloodline hypothesis contained in The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail .
Jenni Williams ( born 1962 ) is a Zimbabwean human rights activist and founder of Women of Zimbabwe Arise ( Woza ) .
Jaromír Tarabus ( born 21 March 1977 ) is one of the Czech top rally drivers ( 3rd overall in Czech rally Championship in 2010 , 2012 and 2013 . Title in group N 2006 . Titles in class N2 in 2001 , 2003 , 2005 . Title in class N1 in 2000 ) .
Duncan Chisholm ( born 31 October 1968 ) is a Scottish fiddle player and composer .
George A. Brown ( 1885 - 1940 ) was a Scottish businessman , and manager of the Rangoon Times from 1915 up until his death in 1940 .
Roger Dilkes ( born 16 August 1948 ) is an English former football referee who officiated in the Football League and Premier League .
Her Excellency Dr. Inonge Mbikusita - Lewanika ( born 10 July 1943 , Senanga ) is a Zambian politician who has served as Ambassador of the Republic of Zambia to the United States of America .
Vittorio Jano ( Hungarian : János Viktor ; 22 April 1891 -- 13 March 1965 ) was an Italian automobile designer of Hungarian descent from the 1920s through 1960s .
Tim Heaphy ( born 1964 ) is a white - collar criminal defense attorney , law professor and a former United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia .
Herb Schmalenberger ( 1925 - June 27 , 2006 ) was a college football coach at UC Davis .
Đorđe Lašić or Đorđije Lašić ( 1906 - -1944 ) was a military officer of the Royal Yugoslav Army .
Grainger McKoy ( born in 1947 ) is an artist who draws inspiration from the dynamics of bird behavior .
Jacques Diouf ( born 1 August 1938 ) is a Senegalese diplomat who was Director - General of the United Nations ' Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) from January 1994 to 31 December 2011 .
Goran Navojec ( born 10 October 1970 ) is Croatian actor , known for many roles on television series and in feature films .
Jordan Allan ( born 20 October 1998 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers , as a striker .
Anne Alvik ( born 7 May 1937 ) is a Norwegian physician and civil servant .
Daniel M'Naghten ( pronounced , and sometimes spelled , McNaughtan or McNaughton ) ( 1813 - -1865 ) was a Scottish woodturner who assassinated English civil servant Edward Drummond while suffering from paranoid delusions .
Jerome Davis Greene ( 1874 - 1959 ) was an America banker and a trustee to several major organizations and trusts including the Brookings Institution and the Rockefeller Foundation .
Mikhail Zubkov ( Russian : Михаил Зубков ; born 24 August 1968 ) is a retired Russian swimmer .
Susan Rogers Cooper ( born 1947 ) is an American mystery novelist from Austin , Texas .
Maria Fearing was born in slavery near Gainesville , Alabama in 1838 .
John Derhak ( b. 1957 ) is a Canadian - born , American novelist , writer , and historian .
Andrea Barzagli , Ufficiale OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈdrɛa barˈdzaʎʎi ) ; born 8 May 1981 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Italian club Juventus .
William Seton III ( b. in New York , 28 January 1835 ; d. there , 15 March 1905 ) was an American author , a novelist and popular science writer .
Dudley Cassidy ( 15 October 1912 -- 2 July 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Charlotte Hodes ( born 1959 London ) is a Fine Artist living and working in London .
Sabine Bethmann ( born 25 October 1931 ) is a former German movie actress .
Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi ( born 27 May 1965 ) is a Nigerian politician who served as the 5th Governor of Rivers State from 2007 to 2015 .
Leo Oracion ( born 1974 ) reached the summit of Mount Everest on May 17 , 2006 , at the age of 32 .
Christopher Lewis ( born 1944 , Los Angeles ) is a writer and film producer , primarily for television .
Janusz Wojcieszak ( 1953 - -2012 ) was a Polish philologist and philosopher , specialist in the history , literature and culture of Latin America .
Ufot Ekaette ( born 1939 ) was appointed the first Nigerian Minister of Niger Delta on 17 December 2008 by President Umaru Yar'Adua .
Weng Shilie ( Chinese : 翁史烈 ; pinyin : Wēng Shǐliè ; born 1932 ) is a Chinese scientist and an expert in thermo - engine .
Thierry Noritop ( Terry Noritop ) , born in Paris on 5 April 1955 , is a French musician ( guitar , keyboards , programming and arranger ) , songwriter & producer .
Walter Scheidel ( born 9 July 1966 ) is an American historian who teaches ancient history at Stanford University , California .
Tim Kliphuis ( born 30 September 1974 in Utrecht ) is a Dutch violinist renowned for mixing gypsy jazz with classical and folk music .
Tiago Sousa ( born 29 October 1984 ) is a Portuguese athlete who competes in the modern pentathlon .
Elise Valmorbida ( born 1971 ) is an Italian Australian writer and creative writing tutor who currently lives in London .
Charles Honoris ( born in Jakarta , 23 July 1984 ) is a member of the Indonesian House of Representatives from the Indonesian Democratic Party - Struggle ( PDI - P ) .
Russell Noftsker was born February 1942 and went through his education to high school in Carlsbad , New Mexico .
Maama Molitika ( 26 August 1974 ) is a Tongan former rugby union footballer .
Linda S. Wilson ( born 1936 ) is an American academic administrator .
Gülzura Cumakunova was born 30 July 1954 in the Naryn Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Kyriakos Savvidis ( Greek : Κυριάκος Σαββίδης , born 20 June 1995 in Katerini ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC as a midfielder .
Guy Melfort Baldwin was born 22 March 1865 at Penang , to Colonel A T and Margaret Baldwin .
Vijaya Raghunatha Raya Tondaiman I ( 25 August 1713 -- 28 December 1769 ) was the second independent ruler of the Pudukkottai kingdom .
Gregory Blake Smith ( born 1951 ) , is an American novelist and short story writer .
M.S. Krishna Iyer ( born 1934 or 1935 , Thrissur , Kerala , India ) , also known as Ambi Swamy , was an Indian chef and a restaurateur .
Courtenay Becker - Dey ( born 1965 ) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist .
Saeed Malekpour ( Persian : سعید ملک‌پور‎ ; born May 1975 ) is an Iranian web designer .
Mary Bird Lake ( 1728 - -1796 ) was an English - born American nurse .
Jennifer Hornsby ( born 1951 ) is a British philosopher with interests in the philosophies of mind , action , language , as well as feminist philosophy .
Klaus M. Leisinger ( born 6 February 1947 in Lörrach ) is a social scientist and economist .
Eberhard Schorsch ( 30 December 1935 -- 14 November 1991 ) was a German physician , psychotherapist , psychiatrist , author and sexologist .
Gayle Mayes ( born 30 December 1956 ) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1990s .
Johannes Heil ( born 3 Feb. 1978 ) is a German electronic music producer from Ober - Mörlen near Frankfurt .
Dalia Tórrez Zamora ( born 29 March 1990 in Managua ) is a Nicaraguan swimmer who competes in the Women 's 100 metre butterfly .
Harold Roy Killin ( born 18 July 1929 ) , known as Roy Killin , is a former professional footballer who played as a full back in the Football League for Manchester United and Lincoln City .
Boyan Slat ( born 27 July 1994 ) is a Dutch inventor , entrepreneur and aerospace engineering student who works on methods of cleaning plastic waste from the oceans .
Georgina Papavasiliou ( born 13 January 1981 in Glasgow , Scotland , Great Britain ) is a Scottish figure skater who competed internationally for Great Britain and Greece .
Wilhelm August Wenz ( 21 October 1886 -- 12 September 1945 ) was a German malacologist , born in Frankfurt am Main .
Beatrice Halsaa ( born 7 December 1947 ) is a Norwegian political scientist , gender studies expert and feminist .
Margaret Saunders or Mrs Saunders ( born 1686 - c. 1748 ) was a British actress .
Li Chengliang ( Chinese : 李成梁 ; pinyin : Lǐ Chéngliáng ; Korean : 이성량 ; 1526 - 1618 ) was a Chinese general of Korean descent in the reign of the Wanli Emperor during the Ming Dynasty who was in charge of maintaining peace and relations with the Jurchen tribes .
Fahhad Mohammed Al - Subaie ( born 4 February 1994 ) is a Saudi athlete who specialises in the 200 metres .
Malcolm Craven ( born 1915 ) was a British motorcycle speedway rider who rode before and after World War II . Craven was born in Ilford , Essex in 1915 .
Arno Villringer ( born 1958 , Schopfheim , Germany ) is a director at the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Leipzig , Germany ; director of the Department of Cognitive Neurology at University Hospital Leipzig ; and Academic Director of the Berlin School of Mind and Brain and the Mind&Brain Institute , Berlin .
Elio Zamuto ( born 1 May 1941 ) is an Italian actor and voice actor .
Rabbi Yisrael Meir Uri Maklev ( Hebrew : ישראל מאיר אורי מקלב‎ , born 10 January 1957 ) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for the Haredi party Degel HaTorah , which together with Agudat Yisrael forms the United Torah Judaism list .
Armine Nutting Gosling ( 1861 -- December 15 , 1942 ) was a suffragette , best known in Newfoundland for her involvement in the nascent Newfoundland women 's rights movement .
William Wellington Greener ( 1834 - -1921 ) was an innovative English gunsmith , the founder of the W. W. Greener company .
Şevket Sabancı ( born 1936 ) , a member of the Sabancı family in second generation , is a billionaire Turkish businessman and philanthropist .
Noel B. Salazar ( born 1973 ) is a sociocultural anthropologist known for his transdisciplinary work on mobility and travel , the local - to - global nexus , discourses and imaginaries of ' Otherness ' , heritage , cultural brokering and cosmopolitanism .
Walker O. Cain NA ( 1915 - June 1 , 1993 ) was a prize - winning American architect .
Juan Ignacio Londero ( born 15 August 1993 ) is an Argentine professional tennis player competing mainly on the ATP Challenger Tour both in singles and doubles .
Even Hovland ( born 14 February 1989 ) is a Norwegian footballer , who plays as a centre back for 1 .
John L. Parker , Jr. ( born 1947 ) is an American writer and the author of the cult classic novel Once A Runner and the more recently published Again to Carthage and Racing the Rain .
Alphonse Beni ( born 1946 ) is a Cameroonian actor and movie director .
Peter Erzberger ( born 3 September 1941 ) is a Brazilian former Olympic sailor in the Star class .
Kalpana Shah ( born 30 November 1948 ) is an Indian sari draper and stylist , author and entrepreneur .
Rod Davies CBE FRS ( 8 January 1930 -- 8 November 2015 ) was a Professor of Radio Astronomy at the University of Manchester .
Thomas FitzGerald , 10th Earl of Kildare ( 1513 - -1537 ) , also known as Silken Thomas , was a leading figure in 16th century Irish history .
Stefanos Dogos ( Greek : Στέφανος Ντόγος ; born 5 May 1994 in Veria ) , is a Greek footballer who plays for Aris , as a Winger .
Eduard Kanhäuser , also known as Edi ( born 18 September 1901 ) was an Austrian international footballer .
Linnar Viik ( born 26 February 1965 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian information technology scientst .
Janet Billig Rich ( born 1967 as Janet Sue Billig ) is an artist manager , music supervisor , producer , and Tony Award nominated Broadway theater producer .
Zvonko `` Toni '' Kurbos , better known as Tony Kurbos ( born 20 October 1960 ) is a retired Slovenian - German football player who was a prolific striker , scoring almost 100 goals in his relatively short career .
Damon Young ( born 1975 in Melbourne , Victoria ) is an Australian philosopher , writer and commentator , and author of the books Distraction , Philosophy in the Garden and How to Think About Exercise .
Shahed Ahmed ( born 13 September 1985 ) is an English footballer who plays for Sporting Bengal United , as a striker .
Brigitte Pelletier ( born 1964 ) is a Quebec lawyer and associate deputy minister of the Quebec Ministry of Justice .
Dermot Keely ( born 8 March 1954 ) is an Irish former manager and player .
Andreas Avgerinos ( Greek : Ανδρέας Αυγερινός ) ( 1820 - -1895 ) was a Greek politician from Elis .
Steven Bednarski ( born 1973 ) is a Canadian historian and actor .
Michael J. Cleary ( born 1 September 1925 ) is the Roman Catholic Bishop Emeritus of the Diocese of Banjul , Gambia .
Alaka Sahani ( born 1974 ) is an Indian film critic and Senior Assistant Editor with the Indian Express , Mumbai , and heads its Features section .
Thomas Arthur Darvill ( born 17 June 1982 ) , known professionally as Arthur Darvill , is an English actor and musician .
Edward Romanowski ( 30 July 1944 -- 11 November 2007 ) is a retired Polish sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres .
Hemlata Kala ( born 15 August 1975 in Agra , Uttar Pradesh ) is an Indian cricketer who has played seven women 's test matches and 74 women 's one - day internationals .
Luke Sullivan ( born 30 March 1961 , in Singapore ) is an Australian visual artist most notable for his internationally controversial work , The Fourth Secret of Fatima .
Tomo Križnar ( born 26 August 1954 ) is a peace activist , notable for delivering video cameras in Southern Kordofan to the local ethnic Nuba civilians in order to help them collect the evidence of North Sudan military 's war crimes against them .
Philip Lynch ( born 1946 ) is a prominent Irish businessman who has held the position of chief executive at two Irish public limited companies and multiple senior directorships including chairman of the board of An Post .
Huang Yijun ( simplified Chinese : 黄贻钧 ; traditional Chinese : 黄貽鈞 ; 4 May 1915 -- 11 October 1995 ) was a Chinese conductor and composer .
Héctor Abad Faciolince ( born 1958 ) is a Colombian novelist , essayist , journalist , and editor .
Georges Skandalis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Σκανδάλης ; born 5 November 1955 , Athens ) is a Greek and French mathematician , known for his work on noncommutative geometry and operator algebras .
Tripy Makonda ( born 24 January 1990 ) is a French football player who currently plays for the Portuguese club Académica de Coimbra in Primeira Liga .
Habbie Simpson ( 1550 - -1620 ) was the town piper in the Scottish village of Kilbarchan in Renfrewshire .
Simona Molinari ( born 23 February 1983 ) is an Italian pop music singer .
John Gregorek ( born 15 April 1960 ) is an American former middle - distance runner who competed in the Summer Olympics in 1980 ( boycotted ) and 1984 .
Matt Brann ( born on 14 November 1980 and hailing from Ajax , Ontario ) was Avril Lavigne 's drummer and previously held a position as the drummer of high school band Second Opinion and Norman .
Christina Sawaya ( Arabic : كريستينا صوايا‎ ) , born 16 August 1980 , is a Lebanese beauty queen .
Paolo Marsi or Paolo Marso , in Latin Paulus Marsus or Paulus Marsus Piscinas ( 1440 - -1484 ) was an Italian humanist and poet known primarily for his commentary on the Fasti of Ovid .
Hosea Nico Kaiyamo ( born 12 November 1961 ) is a Namibian politician and Businessman who was the first Regional Councillor for the Tsumeb Constituency and a Member of Parliament in the National Council .
Daniel Arnamnart ( born 14 September 1989 ) is an Australian competitive swimmer who specialises in backstroke events .
Jérôme Bicamumpaka ( born 1957 ) is a former Minister of Foreign Affairs for Rwanda 's Interim Government .
Rudie Kemna ( born 5 October 1967 ) is a former Dutch racing cyclist , currently a directeur sportif of Team Giant - Alpecin .
John Lafia ( born 1957 ) is an American film and television writer , director , producer and musician .
Paul Strudel or Paul Strudl ( circa 1648 -- 20 November 1708 ) was an Austrian sculptor , architect , engineer , and painter , ennobled as Baron von Strudel and Vochburg .
Theodor Kallifatides ( Greek : Θοδωρής Καλλιφατίδης , born 1938 ) is a Greek writer .
Barry Windsor - Smith ( born on 25 May 1949 ) is a British comic book illustrator and painter whose best known work has been produced in the United States .
David Goodfriend ( born 1968 ) is an American attorney and advocate in Washington , D.C. He is a former Clinton Administration aide , where he served as Deputy Staff Secretary to President William J. Clinton .
Trevor Thurling ( born 26 April 1984 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Canberra Raiders of the National Rugby League competition ( NRL ) .
Jan Ksawery Kaniewski , also known in Italian as Francesco Saverio Kaniewski ( 1805 -- 13 April 1867 ) was a Polish painter trained in St. Petersburg who spent several years in Rome .
Jason Polan ( born 1982 in Franklin , Michigan ) is an American artist who currently lives and works in New York , NY .
Ivan Radeljić ( born 14 September 1980 ) is a Croatian - born Bosnian retired football player who played in defense .
Hadi Abbas ( 1915 -- 1990s ) was a football player and coach .
Tasia Sherel ( 23 July 1978 ) is an American actress and model , best known for starring as Francis in Showtime TV series Dexter and as Pam in Everybody Hates Chris .
Mary Lythgoe Bradford ( born 1930 ) is an editor and poet significant to Mormon literature .
Tim Etchells ( born 1962 ) is a British artist and writer based in Sheffield and London .
Paolo Angioni ( born 22 January 1938 ) is an Italian former equestrian and Olympic champion .
Patricia Anne Conlon , née Carden ( 2 November 1939 -- 13 December 1979 ) was an Australian feminist , public servant and labour activist .
Gordon Stuart ( 1924 -- 22 July 2015 ) was a Canadian - born Welsh portrait artist , known for his portrayals of Dylan Thomas .
Anna Journey ( born November 1980 in Arlington , Virginia ) is an American poet who was recently awarded a 2011 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship for Poetry .
Renzo Finelli ( born 24 August 1945 ) is an Italian former middle distance runner .
Mabel Potter Daggett ( c. 1870 -- November 13 , 1927 ) was an American writer , journalist , editor and suffragist .
Össur Skarphéðinsson ( pronounced ( ˈœsːʏr ˈskar̥pçɛðɪnsɔn ) ; born 19 June 1953 ) is an Icelandic politician who was Minister for Foreign Affairs from February 2009 - 2013 .
Her Jong - chau ( born 5 January 1946 ) is a former Taiwanese cyclist .
Li Yizhong ( Chinese : 李毅中 ; born March 1945 ) is a former Minister of Industry and Information Technology of the People 's Republic of China .
Peter Corey ( born 1946 ) is the author of the Coping With children 's book series .
Paddy Harte ( born 26 July 1931 ) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served for 36 years as Teachta Dála ( TD ) for Donegal North--
Phineas Pett ( 1 November 1570 -- August 1647 ) was a shipwright and a member of the Pett dynasty .
Alfred Planyavsky ( 22 January 1924 -- 18 June 2013 ) was an Austrian double - bassist and music historian .
Horacio Badaraco ( 1901 - -1946 ) was an Argentine anarchist and journalist , born in Buenos Aires .
Carole Taylor , OC ( born Carol Goss in 1945 ) is a Canadian school chancellor , journalist and former politician .
José Oliveira ( born 28 October 1997 ) , is a football player who currently plays for Timor - Leste national football team .
Mayta Cápac ( Quechua Mayta Qhapaq Inka ) was the fourth Sapa Inca of the Kingdom of Cuzco ( beginning around 1290 CE ) and a member of the Hurin dynasty .
Horace Boy Boy Martin ( born 7 May 1985 ) is a Jamaican - Dutch kickboxer .
Josh Singer ( born 1972 ) is an American film and television writer and producer , whose work includes writing and producing episodes of The West Wing , Law and Order :
Ifeoma Ozoeze ( born 13 August 1971 ) is a retired Italian heptathlete .
Marc Lerandy ( born 25 November 1981 ) is a French - German football manager and former footballer .
Roy Dyke ( born 13 February 1945 in Liverpool ) , is a rock drummer noted for his playing with The Remo Four , Badger , and Ashton , Gardner and Dyke .
Betina O'Connell ( Buenos Aires , 5 April 1972 ) is an Argentinian actress of theatre and television .
Ayhan Akman ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ajhan akman ) , born 23 February 1977 ) is a retired Turkish footballer who last played for Galatasaray .
Óscar Bruzón Barreras ( born 29 May 1977 ) is a former Spanish footballer and is the current assistant coach of Mumbai City FC in the Indian Super League .
Carl Friedrich von Siemens ( 5 September 1872 in Berlin -- 9 September 1941 in Heinendorf near Potsdam ) was a German Entrepreneur and politician .
Dame Annie Florence Gillies Cardell - Oliver , DBE ( 11 May 1876 -- 12 January 1965 ) was a Western Australian politician and political activist , often known publicly as simply Florence Cardell - Oliver .
Pascal Strebel ( born 26 December 1988 in Muri ) is a Swiss Greco - Roman wrestler .
Nguyễn Minh Tùng ( born 9 August 1992 ) is a Vietnamese professional footballer who plays as a Centre Back for Than Quảng Ninh F.C. in the V.League 1 .
Adolf of Burgundy ( 1489 -- 1540 ) was Lord of Veere and admiral of the Netherlands .
Abubakar Siddique ( born 19 August 1936 ) is a Bangladeshi poet , novelist , short story writer and critic .
Harry Lippiatt ( 24 December 1917 -- 13 December 1997 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Robert Lightbody ( 1802 -- 5 July 1874 ) was an independent gentleman , amateur geologist and member of Ludlow Natural History Society .
Cosimo Perrotta ( born 1942 ) is an Italian professor of economic history at the University of Lecce and author of the book Consumption as an Investment .
Lucas Boada ( born 1893 in Matanzas - death date unknown ) was a Cuban baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues .
Richard Burthogge was the son of a Captain of Foot at the garrison of Plymouth , and was baptised in Plympton St Maurice on 30 January 1637 ( OS ; 1638 by the Gregorian calendar ) .
Alcide Laurin ( 1881 -- February 24 , 1905 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player who played for an Ontario based team in Alexandria , and is the first recorded player to die as a result of an on - ice incident in ice hockey .
Gordon Pickard ( born 1942 ) is a real estate developer and philanthropist and considered one of the richest businesspeople from the state of South Australia .
Patric Cabral Lalau ( born 25 March 1989 ) , commonly known as just Patric , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Atlético Mineiro .
Sheila Forbes , CBE ( born 31 December 1946 ) , is a British educator , consultant and manager .
Hugh Speke ( 1656 -- c. 1724 ) was an English writer and agitator .
Anna Haslam ( 1829 - 1922 ) was a suffragist and a major figure in the 19th and early 20th century women 's movement in Ireland .
Ritva Koistinen ( born 1956 ) is a kantele artist and the founder of soloist kantele education at Sibelius Academy ( currently Classical music department ) .
Sheila Connolly ( born 1950 ) is a mystery writer and author of three mystery series published by Berkley Prime Crime .
Jason Briggs ( born 21 November 1971 in Sutton - in - Ashfield ) was a British pair skater .
Abolhassan Ziyā - Zarifi ( Persian : ابوالحسن ضیاظریفی‎‎ ; 20 August 1926 -- 4 October 2010 ) was an Iranian scientist , academic , author , and political figure .
Stephan Schulmeister ( * 26 August 1947 ) is an Austrian economist .
Andreas Wisniewski ( born 3 July 1959 ) is a German actor and former dancer .
Gary Goldschneider ( born 22 May 1939 ) is a writer , pianist and composer .
Vince Kelley ( born c. 1962 ) is an American - Australian former professional basketball player who played the majority of his career in Australia , which included three seasons in the National Basketball League ( NBL ) and 13 seasons in the State Basketball League ( SBL ) .
Francesco Pisani ( 1494 - -1570 ) was an Italian Cardinal , from 1517 .
Seamus Ross was born 12 November 1957 , the son of James Francis Ross , a philosopher , and Kathleen Fallon Ross , a nurse .
John Dalli ( born 5 October 1948 ) is a Maltese politician who served as Cabinet Minister in various Maltese governments between 1987 and 2010 .
Wendy Millar ( born 1944 ) also known as `` Bucket '' and `` Queen of the UDA '' is a Northern Irish loyalist and a founding member of the Ulster Defence Association ( UDA ) .
Derval O'Rourke ( born 28 May 1981 ) is an Irish former sprint hurdles athlete .
John Perceval , 2nd Earl of Egmont PC , FRS ( 25 February 1711 -- 4 December 1770 ) was a British politician , political pamphleteer , and genealogist who served as First Lord of the Admiralty .
Michael Lobo ( born 12 September 1953 ) is an Indian scientist , writer , and genealogist .
Dov Elbaum ( born on 21 December 1970 ) is an Israeli writer , editor , journalist , television host and Jewish philosophy lecturer .
Sir William Stanley Baker ( 28 February 1928 -- 28 June 1976 ) was a Welsh actor and film producer .
Callum Hart ( born 21 December 1985 ) is a Welsh semi - professional footballer who plays for Salisbury .
Kirsha Kaechele ( born 1976 ) is an American contemporary art curator , artist , and practitioner of sustainable architecture .
Bappi Lahiri ( Born Alokesh Lahiri on 27 November 1952 ) is a music composer in the Indian film industry .
Charles Walter Clark ( 1885 - -1972 ) was an architect that worked for the Metropolitan Railway from 1911 to 1933 and was responsible for designing 25 stations , five of which are listed buildings today .
Luca Scapuzzi ( born 15 April 1991 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker of Calcio Como .
Dragan Aleksić ( 1901 - -1958 ) was a Yugoslavian Dadaist painter , founder of the Yugoslavian branch of Dadaism ( an art movement of the European avant - garde in the early 20th century ) , termed `` Yugo - Dada . ''
Gloria Jean Siebrecht ( born 1940 ) is an American amateur paleontologist and volunteer for the Museum of the Rockies , notable as the discoverer of Avisaurus Gloriae , which was named for her , and Piksi barbarulna .
Maurice Hepworth ( born 6 September 1953 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a full back for Sunderland and Darlington .
Parvatibai ( Marathi : पार्वतीबाई)(6 April 1734 -- 23 September 1763 ) was second wife of Sadashivrao Bhau .
John Scott Whiteley ( born 1950 ) is an English organist and composer .
Charles Louis de Fourcroy ( 1766 -- 1824 ) was a French mathematician , scholar and director of director of fortifications , known from his 1782 treatise , entitled `` Essai d’une table poléométrique ''
William Osgoode ( March 1754 -- January 17 , 1824 ) was the first Chief Justice of Upper Canada ( now known as Ontario , Canada ) .
Sir John Monson , 2nd Baronet ( 1599 -- December 1683 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1625 and 1626 .
Saili Rane ( born 25 June 1993 ) is an Indian badminton player who currently plays Singles .
Luka Nervo ( Born 2 January 1991 ) is a Croatian professional motorcycle racer who currently competes in the FIM 600 STK class as of the end of 2009 .
William James Henderson ( December 4 , 1855 -- June 5 , 1937 ) was an American musical critic and scholar , born at Newark , New Jersey .
Nathaniel Stern ( born 1977 ) is an interdisciplinary artist who works in a variety of media , including photography , interactive art , public art interventions , installation , video art , net.art and printmaking .
Anita Krohn Traaseth ( born 16 December 1971 in Sandefjord ) is a Norwegian business executive and author .
Walter Seymour Allward ( 18 November 1876 -- 24 April 1955 ) was a Canadian monumental sculptor widely praised for his `` ... original sense of spacial composition , his mastery of the classical form and his brilliant craftsmanship . ''
Khari Stephenson ( /ˈkæri/ ; born 18 January 1981 ) is a Jamaican footballer .
Oki Dwi Putra Sanjaya ( born 23 October 1983 ) is an Indonesian professional football referee .
François Pérol ( born on the 6 November 1963 ) is a French banker and high - ranking official and is the current chairman of Natixis .
Stefanie van der Gragt ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsteːfaːni vɑn dɛr ɣrɑxt ) ; born 6 August 1992 ) is a Dutch footballer .
Jens Henrik Tönjum ( born 17 May 1995 ) is a Swedish - born Norwegian professional ice hockey winger .
Sir John Micklethwaite M.D. ( 1612 - -1682 ) was an English physician , who attended Charles II . He was President of the Royal College of Physicians .
Karl Owe Sandström , ( born 1944 ) is a Swedish clothing designer and teacher , he is perhaps best known for designing all of the music group ABBAs stage outfits except their Waterloo costumes at the Eurovision Song Contest 1974 .
Cem Kargın ( born 20 March 1978 ) is a Turkish professional retired footballer played as a left back .
Sonja Christ was born on 1 October 1984 in Oberfell and comes from a Moselle country vintner and innkeeping family .
Sir Richard Steele ( bap . 12 March 1672 -- 1 September 1729 ) was an Irish writer and politician , remembered as co - founder , with his friend Joseph Addison , of the magazine The Spectator .
Eli Kirk Price II ( 1860 - -January 24 , 1933 ) was a prominent Philadelphia lawyer , called `` the foremost civic and cultural leader in early twentieth - century Philadelphia '' .
Barkley L. Hendricks ( born 1945 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is a contemporary American painter who has made pioneering contributions to black portraiture and conceptualism .
Stephen Wallem ( born 14 June 1968 ) is an American stage and television actor .
Dale Connelly ( born 4 October 1955 ) was co - host ( with Tom Keith , aka Jim Ed Poole ) of The Morning Show on Minnesota Public Radio .
Milán Václavík ( 28 March 1928 -- 2007 ) was a Slovak - origin Czechoslovak military officer with the rank of colonel general .
Chris Hollow ( born 21 November 1971 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
George Caffentzis ( born 1945 ) is an American political philosopher and an autonomist Marxist .
Pierre Celis ( 21 March 1925 -- 9 April 2011 ) was a Belgian brewer who opened his first brewery in 1966 to revive the wit beer style in his hometown of Hoegaarden .
Araceli de León ( 1951 -- October 2 , 1999 ) was a Latin American voice actress best known for voicing Sailor Jupiter in the Mexican / Latin American dub of Sailor Moon .
Andrea Collarini ( born 31 January 1992 in New York City ) is an Argentinian--
Wilfrid Denis Walker ( born 29 December 1933 ) , is a former Rhodesian cabinet minister resident in the United Kingdom .
Marcel Detienne ( born 1935 ) is a Belgian historian and specialist in the study of ancient Greece .
George Agathocleous ( born 23 January 1982 ) is a Cypriot rugby player who plays for the Cyprus national rugby union team and the Paphos Tigers .
Nicholas Carthy ( born 1957 ) was a Principal Conductor of the Orchestra della Svizzera Italiana ( 1993 - 96 ) , is Professor of Music and Opera Music Director at the University of Colorado and is visiting tutor at the Royal Northern College of Music .
Chandos Leigh , 1st Baron Leigh ( 27 June 1791 -- 27 September 1850 ) was a British landowner and minor poet .
Břetislav Hůla ( 1888 - -1937 ) was a leading cadre of Comintern in 1923 - -24 .
Jimmy Cornell ( real name : Dragoș Corneliu Cișmașu ) was born in Romania in 1940 , growing up in Brașov .
Tony Martyn ( born 9 March 1957 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and with TANFL club Sandy Bay .
Abdul Milazi ( born 1966 ) is a life coach , motivational speaker , multi - award winning poet , author , musician and entrepreneur .
Tian Zhong ( Chinese : 田中 ; born 1956 ) is a vice - admiral ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Navy ( PLAN ) of China .
Allan Gauden ( born 20 November 1944 ) was an English former professional footballer .
Richard Leslie Hill ( 18 February 1901 -- 21 March 1996 ) was an English civil servant and historian of Sudan , `` one of the great pioneers in the study of the modern history of the Sudan '' .
Teklit Teweldebrhan ( born 1 October 1993 ) is an Eritrean runner who has specialized in various middle - distance and long - distance disciplines .
Per Bronken ( 13 March 1935 -- 4 October 2002 ) was a Norwegian poet , novelist , actor and stage producer .
Blagoja Gesoski ( Macedonian : Благоја Гесоски , born 28 April 1981 ) is a Macedonian football striker and attacking midfielder who has played for clubs in Macedonia , Greece and Albania .
Emma Must ( born 1966 ) is an English environmental activist , teacher , and poetwho previously worked as a librarian .
Johannes De Decker ( born 1626 in Dordrecht , Holland ) was one of the six signers of the articles of capitulation of New Amsterdam to the British September 6 , 1664 .
Eustace Ingram ( 6 August 1839 - 10 December 1924 ) was a British organ builder based in London .
Michael Josephs ( born 1959 ) is an award - winning American film and television score composer .
Byron Adams ( born 1955 ) is an American composer , conductor , and musicologist .
Cayetano Pignatelli , 3rd Marquis of Rubí , 9th Baron of Llinars , ( 12 October 1730 - ? ) , was a Spanish nobleman and military figure who played an important role in determining Spanish policy towards Texas and Mexico .
Mohamed Mansi Qandil ( born 1946 ) is an Egyptian novelist and author .
Nur Hawa binti Zainal Abidin ( born 12 March 1991 ) now known as Wawa Zainal , is a Malaysian actress and model .
Parvin Dabas ( also known as `` Parvin Dabbas '' ) ( born 12 July 1974 ) is an Indian actor , model and director .
Ian Champion ( born 1968 in Portsmouth ) is an English film , theatre , television and voice actor who has appeared in television movies and soap operas such as Coronation Street , Emmerdale and Brookside .
Vestie Davis ( 1903 -- November 14 , 1978 ) was a self - taught American artist whose works are in many important collections , including those of the American Folk Art Museum , the Smithsonian American Art Museum , and the Milwaukee Art Museum .
Manuel Cardona Castro ( 7 September 1934 -- 2 July 2014 ) was a physicist .
Frederick Chase Capreol ( 10 June 1803 -- 12 October 1886 ) was an English - born Canadian businessman and railway promoter .
Mahmoud Yacine ( محمود ياسين ) ( born 19 February 1941 ) is an Egyptian actor .
Sewnarine Chattergoon ( born 3 April 1981 ) is a Guyanese cricketer of Indian descent who made his début for the West Indies against Zimbabwe on their 2006 tour .
Gladys Bernarda Casco Cruz ( b. 20 August 1954 ) is a Honduran politician .
Omid Bonakdar ( born 23 June 1969 ) is an Iranian director and screenplay writer .
Blessed Costanza Starace ( 5 September 1845 -- 13 September 1921 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic nun .
Michael Van Wijk ( born 30 September 1952 ) is an English bodybuilder , professional sportsman , actor and TV presenter .
Victoria Redel ( born 1959 ) is an American poet and fiction writer who lives in New York City .
Laura Ross - Paul ( born 1950 ) is a contemporary painter of oil and wax in the Pacific Northwest of the United States .
Katharina Lehnert ( born 18 February 1994 ) is a Filipino - German tennis player .
Denis Hugh Vercingetorix Brogan ( born 20 March 1936 ) , known as Hugh Brogan , is a British historian and biographer .
Ron O'Dwyer ( born 5 February 1938 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ghulam Hussain Saba Dashtyari ( 1954 -- 1 June 2011 ) ( Balochi : صبا دشتیاری بلوچ ) commonly known as `` Saba Dashtyari '' , was a professor of Islamic Studies at the University of Balochistan in Quetta , Balochistan .
Jack Chernos ( born 1961 ) is a San Francisco - based activist singer / songwriter .
Stian Bjørge ( born 31 July 1976 ) is a Norwegian speed skater , born in Skien .
Verena von Strenge ( born 27 July 1975 ) is a German singer and dancer best known for her stint as the lead singer for the German happy hardcore dance group Dune from 1995 - 1997 and 1999 - 2000 .
Stewart Till , CBE ( born 1951 ) is the chairman and chief executive of United International Pictures , the biggest film distributor in the world .
Spruha Joshi ( born 13 October 1989 ) is an Indian television , film , and theatre actress , who works in the Marathi film and television industry .
Wickrama Arachchige Udaya Wickramasinghe ( 12 August 1939 -- 12 April 2010 ) was a Sri Lankan cricket umpire .
Jim Carvin ( 1929 -- January 16 , 2009 ) was a New Orleans political consultant with a sustained record of supporting winners in New Orleans mayoral elections .
Gabriela Perianu ( born 20 June 1994 ) is a Romanian handballer who plays for the Romanian national team .
Xu Feihong ( Chinese : 徐飞洪 ) ( born June 1964 ) is a Chinese diplomat .
Katë Dulaj ( Serbian : Ката Дулај , Kata Dulaj ) ( 9 November 1923 - -29 April 1969 ) , known by her artistic name Katarina Josipi - Kati , was a Yugoslav actress of Albanian ethnicity .
Francisco Javier Peral Periane ( born 4 November 1983 ) , known as Javito , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Greek club Panthrakikos F.C. as a right winger .
General Elly Tumwine ( born 12 April 1954 ) is a Ugandan military officer , professional artist , and educator .
John Russon ( born 1960 ) is a Canadian philosopher , working primarily in the tradition of Continental Philosophy .
Agnes of Kuenring ( born about 1236 ) , was an Austrian noblewoman , courtierwoman of Queen Margaret of Austria and mistress of her husband , King Ottokar II of Bohemia .
Mandy Giblin ( born 27 June 1974 ) is a former Australian middle - distance runner and cross country athlete who competed in late 1990s .
Keegan McHargue ( born 1982 in Portland , Oregon ) is an American artist known for his dream - like drawings and paintings .
Nagabhairava Jaya Prakash Narayana ( born 14 January 1956 ) , also known as J.P. , is an Indian politician .
Naón Isidro ( Hebrew : נאון איזידורו‎ ; born 12 November 1987 ) is an Argentine - Israeli association football who has been a free agent since he was released from Hapoel Ashkelon in June 2011 .
Stephen Maybery ( born September 1949 ) is an author specialising in political satire .
Kang Min , also known as Nal_rA ( born 15 March 1982 ) is a former professional South Korean StarCraft player ( Protoss , KTF MagicNs ) .
John Zdechlik ( `` Zuh - DEK - lik '' ) ( born 2 May 1937 ) is an American composer , music teacher , and conductor .
Boris Kocheishvili ( Russian : Бори́с Петро́вич Кочейшви́ли ; born April 1 , 1940 ) is an artist and poet who lives and works in Moscow , Russia .
Andřej Studenič ( born 18 June 1977 in Bratislava ) is a racing driver .
Susan Crile ( born 1942 ) is an American painter and printmaker .
Wilma B. Liebman ( born 1950 ) is an American lawyer and civil servant who is best known for serving as a Member of the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) .
Richard Shepard ( born 1965 ) is an American film , television director and screenwriter .
Finghin Collins ( born 31 March 1977 ) is an Irish pianist .
Merete Pedersen ( born 30 June 1973 ) is a Danish former football striker who played for Vejle BK and Odense BK in the Elitedivisionen , TSV Siegen in the German Bundesliga and Torres CF in Italy 's Serie A , taking part in the UEFA Women 's Cup with Odense and Torres .
Otto Beyeler ( born 7 July 1926 ) was a Swiss cross country skier who competed in the 1950s .
Jostein Stordahl ( born 20 May 1966 ) is a Norwegian disabled sportsperson .
Elena Langer ( born Moscow , 8 December 1974 ) is a Russian - born British composer of operas and other contemporary classical music .
Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch ( born 1944 ) is the Chief Executive Officer of AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. ( `` AMG , EURONEXT AMSTERDAM : ' ' AMG `` ) .
Perry Criscitelli ( born 1950 ) is a New York restaurant owner who is an alleged member of the Bonanno crime family .
Felix Neureuther ( German pronunciation : ( ˈfeːlɪks ˈnɔʏʁɔʏtɐ ) ; born 26 March 1984 ) is a German World Cup alpine ski racer .
Vicente Juan Segura ( born 22 May 1955 ) is the bishop of Ibiza since his episcopal ordination on 14 May 2005 .
Edward Holt ( born 1879 ) was an English footballer .
Antoine Kombouaré ( French pronunciation : ​(ɑ̃.twan kɔ̃.bwa.ʁe ) ; born 16 November 1963 ) is a former French footballer and the current manager of RC Lens .
François Bourdoncle ( born 1964 ) is founder and Chief Strategist of the search engine company Exalead .
Zavis of Falkenstein ( Czech : Záviš z Falkenštejna ; c. 1250 -- 24 August 1290 ) , a member of the Vítkovci dynasty , was a Bohemian noble and opponent of King Ottokar II .
Lemar Obika ( born 4 April 1978 ) , professionally known simply as Lemar , is an English R&B singer -- songwriter and record producer .
Thomas Lindrup ( born 21 May 1976 ) is a former Danish professional football winger .
Tex G. Hall ( `` Ihbudah Hishi '' `` Red Tipped Arrow '' ) , ( born 18 September 1956 ) is a Native American who was tribal chairman of Three Affiliated Tribes from 1998 to 2006 .
Aislín McGuckin is a Northern Irish actress who was born in Newry , County Down , Northern Ireland in 1974 .
Martin Kree ( born 27 January 1965 in Wickede , North - Rhine Westphalia ) is a former German footballer , who played mostly as a central defender .
Kennedy Katende ( born 15 March 1985 ) is a Swedish amateur boxer from Sundsvall who qualified for the 2008 Olympics in the light - heavyweight division .
Håkan Lidbo ( born 20 July 1965 in Malmö , Sweden ) is a Swedish music producer , primarily active in electronica , but also other genres .
Ustad Sakhawat Hussain Khan or Sakhawat Hussain ( 1877 - 1955 ) was a virtuoso Indian sarod player , a contemporary of Hafiz Ali Khan and one of the major exponents of the instrument in the 20th century .
Ellen Bass ( born 1947 in Philadelphia ) is an American poet and co - author of The Courage to Heal .
Father Joseph - Noël Ritchot ( 25 December 1825 -- 16 March 1905 ) , commonly known as Father Noël - Joseph Ritchot , was a Roman Catholic priest noted for his role in negotiating with the Government of Canada on behalf of the Métis during the Red River Rebellion of 1869 - -1870 .
Giuseppe Coco ( 1936 -- 4 August 2012 ) was an Italian comics artist and illustrator .
Sabri Jaballah ( Arabic : صبري جاب الله‎ ) ( born 28 June 1973 ) is a Tunisian footballer .
Jane Ash Poitras ( born 1951 ) is a Canadian painter and printmaker of Cree descent .
Nathan Wegman ( born 4 June 1977 ) in Launceston , Tasmania is an Australian cricket player , who plays for the Tasmanian Tigers .
Julia Middleton ( born 1958 in London ) is the founder and chief executive officer of Common Purpose UK , an international charity that runs leadership development programmes in 18 countries across the world .
Peter O. Price ( born 1940 ) is the Chairman of Qubed , a University Ventures Fund portfolio company .
René Aubry is a French composer born in 1956 .
Alan Ralsky ( born c. 1945 ) is a convicted American fraudster , best known for his activities as a spammer .
Layton Williams ( born 13 September 1994 ) is an English stage actor , best known as one of the boys who played the title role in Billy Elliot the Musical at the Victoria Palace Theatre in London 's West End , and as the character Kylie in the BBC UK TV series Beautiful People 2008 and 2009 .
Clark G. Kuebler ( c. 1908 -- 1974 ) was an American professor and educator .
John Byam Liston Shaw ( 13 November 1872 -- 26 January 1919 ) , commonly known as Byam Shaw , was an Indian - born British painter , illustrator , designer and teacher .
Dan Waern ( born 17 January 1933 ) is a retired Swedish middle - distance runner , who in 1957 became the first Swede to run a sub - four - minute mile .
Dennis J. Hutchinson ( born 1946 ) is a Senior Lecturer in Law at the University of Chicago , and Master of the undergraduate College 's New Collegiate Division where he directs the Law , Letters , and Society program .
Clint Newton ( born 18 June 1981 ) is an American - born retired professional rugby league footballer .
Ezequiel Dero ( born 10 July 1968 ) , known by his stage name DJ Dero , is a DJ , producer and remixer of house , electro house , techno and Eurodance styles .
Torsti Lehtinen , Finnish writer and philosopher , was born in Helsinki in 1942 .
Roman Novotný ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈroman ˈnovotniː ) ; born 5 January 1986 ) is a Czech long jumper .
Basil Biggs ( 1819 - -1906 ) was a free African American laborer and veterinarian .
Hans Bloesch ( 26 December 1878 - 28 April 1945 ) was a Swiss author , editor , correspondent and librarian .
Sven Martinek ( born 18 February 1964 ) is a German actor , best known for portraying the main character Max Zander on the German TV series Der Clown .
Allan Holdsworth ( born 6 August 1946 ) is a British guitarist and composer .
Robert Linssen ( 11 April 1911 -- 15 May 2004 ) was a Belgian Zen Buddhist and author .
Ron Akana ( born 1928 in Honolulu ) is a former US - American Flight attendant , who spent 63 years working as cabin crew for United Airlines and who logged an estimated 200 million airmiles .
Hamid bin Abdallah al - Ali ( born 1960 ) has been described as `` an influential Salafi cleric '' based in Kuwait , whom the U.S. Treasury department has described as `` an Al Qaeda facilitator and fundraiser . ''
David Grissom ( fl . since 1978 ) is an American guitarist who has played and toured with several of America 's leading bands and recording artists .
George Wild Galvin ( 20 December 1860 -- 31 October 1904 ) , better known by the stage name Dan Leno , was a leading English music hall comedian and musical theatre actor during the late Victorian era .
Nettie Wild ( born 18 May 1952 ) is a Canadian documentary film filmmaker .
Hou Xuemei ( born 27 February 1962 in Zhejiang ) is a retired Chinese discus thrower .
Richard Gottehrer ( born 1940 ) is an American songwriter , record producer and record label executive .
Eufrasia Burlamacchi ( 1482 - -1548 ) was an Italian nun who practiced the art of manuscript illumination .
Maria Karagiannopoulou ( Greek : Μαρια Καραγιαννοπουλου ; born 22 September 1972 in Ludwigshafen , Germany ) is a Greek judoka .
Wacław Tokarz ( 1873 - 1937 ) was a Polish historian and military officer .
Colonel Nicholas Gassaway ( Baptized 11 March 1634 , died between 10 and 27 January 1691 Julian Calendar ) was a colonial military and political leader and justice in early Maryland .
Charles Dale ( born 28 November 1963 ) is a Welsh actor who is well known for playing Dennis Stringer in Coronation Street , Gary `` Chef '' Alcock in The Lakes , Clive Eustace in The Eustace Bros. & Big Mac in Casualty .
Tommy McCue ( born 23 September 1913 in Widnes -- death unknown ) was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s and ' 40s , playing at representative level for Great Britain , and England , and at club level for Widnes , as a Scrum - half / Halfback , i.e. number 7 .
John Murray Irvine ( 19 August 1924 -- 14 September 2005 ) was an Anglican priest .
José Gumilla ( 1686 , Cárcer -- 1750 , Los Llanos ) was a Jesuit priest who wrote a natural history of the Orinoco River region .
Frederick Gymer Parsons FRCS FZS ( 1863 -- 11 March 1943 ) was a British writer and scientist , specialising in the fields of anatomy and anthropology .
Itay Manzor ( born 2 July 1994 ) is an Israeli footballer who play in Hapoel Beit She'an .
Zhang Lie ( simplified Chinese : 张烈 ; traditional Chinese : 張烈 ; Pinyin : Zhāng Liè ; born 25 May 1982 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League .
Victor Mensah ( born 25 December 1985 ) is a Ghanaian footballer who has won the Thailand Premier League with club side Provincial Electricity Authority .
Brian Wenning ( born 1981 in Monmouth Beach , New Jersey ) is a professional skateboarder formerly affiliated with Plan B Skateboards , Habitat Skateboards , and DC Shoes .
Jiyul ( born 1957 ) is a South Korean Buddhist nun belonging to the Jogye Order , the largest in Korean Buddhism .
Yu Minzhong ( Chinese : 于敏中 ; pinyin : Yú Mǐnzhōng , 1714 - -1779 ) was an official of the Qing Dynasty , who served as chief grand councilor for part of the reign of the Qianlong Emperor .
Anuar Manan ( born 11 October 1986 ) is a Malaysian professional cyclist , currently riding for the Terengganu Cycling Team .
Jozef Liščák ( born 18 January 1947 ) is former Minister of Justice of Slovakia in third government of Vladimír Mečiar .
Gracie Gilbert ( born 20 October 1992 ) is an Australian actor , best known for her role as Tammy Lane in the Fox8 teen drama series , SLiDE , as Vicki in Lockie Leonard , and as Annie in Love Child .
Terence Croucher ( born 1944 in Jutogh , India ) is a British composer and performer based in north Cumbria , England .
Joseph Gales , Jr. ( 1786 -- July 21 , 1860 ) was an American journalist and the ninth mayor of Washington , D.C. from 1827 to 1830 .
Dingeman Adriaan Henry van der Sluijs ( born 28 December 1947 ) , better known by his stage name Dick Diamonde , is a retired Dutch - Australian bass guitarist .
Ming Bridges ( Chinese : 喬毓明 ; pinyin : Qiáo Yùmíng ) ( born 5 November 1992 ) is a Singaporean singer - songwriter , actress and model .
Sir Tangaroa Tangaroa MBE , ( 6 May 1921 -- 23 May 2009 ) , was a Cook Islands politician .
Margarita Lozano ( born 14 February 1931 , in Tetuan ) is a Spanish - born actress known for her career in Italian films .
Hugh II of Cyprus ( or Hugues II de Lusignan ) ( June -- August , 1252 or 1253 -- November or December 5 , 1267 ) was king of Cyprus and , from the age of 5 years , also Regent of the Kingdom of Jerusalem .
Maria Domitilla Galluzzi ( 1595 - -1671 ) was a Catholic mystic , never canonized .
William Chadwell ( born 1614 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1640 and 1644 .
Tom Cheeseman ( born 22 March 1986 ) is a Welsh rugby union footballer currently playing for Esher .
Abby Jackson ( born 1982 ) is a British artist , Stuckist painter , writer and art activist .
Garth Taylor ( born 10 July 1980 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers between 1999 and 2000 .
Alexander Kennedy Isbister ( June 1822 -- 28 May 1883 ) was born at Cumberland House in what is now Saskatchewan .
Clarence Lemuel Elisha Moore ( 12 May 1876 , Bainbridge , Ohio -- 5 December 1931 ) was an American mathematics professor , specializing in algebraic geometry and Riemannian geometry .
Birendra Narayan Chakraborty ( 1904 -- March 26 , 1976 ) was an Indian politician and second governor of Haryana .
Yolanthe Sneijder - Cabau ( née Cabau van Kasbergen ; 19 March 1985 ) is a Spanish - Dutch actress and television host .
Fredrik Hagemann ( born 4 March 1929 ) is a Norwegian geologist and bureaucrat He was born in Andenes as the son of literary historian and literary critic Sonja Hagemann .
Diane Kennedy ( born 1956 ) is an American CPA , speaker , and financial writer .
Caterina Klusemann ( born 8 February 1973 in Lucca , Italy ) is an independent filmmaker and documentarist .
Babette Haag ( born 31 October 1967 ) is a German percussionist , who specialises in Marimba playing .
Samuel Vilozny ( born 10 January 1954 ) ( Hebrew : שמואל וילוז'ני‎ ) is an Israeli comedian , actor and director as well as a political activist .
Kenneth Roth ( born 23 September 1955 ) is an American attorney who has been the executive director of Human Rights Watch since 1993 .
George Washington Bowie , ( 1827 - -1901 ) was a Civil War Union officer , commander of 5th Regiment California Volunteer Infantry , brevetted Brigadier General of Volunteers .
Hafsa Bekri - Lamrani ( born 1948 ) is a poet and writer of a book of short stories , Jellabiates ( 2001 ) .
Lennart Fremling ( 1946 - 2013 ) was a Swedish Liberal People 's Party politician , member of the Riksdag 1991 - -1998 and again 2002 - -2006 .
André Kouprianoff ( born 19 October 1938 ) is a retired French speed skater who won three all - round medals at the European and world championships in 1960 - -1962 .
Edwin Adams Davis ( 1904 -- April 24 , 1994 ) was an American historian who specialized in studies of his adopted state of Louisiana .
William Percival Johnson ( 12 March 1854 in St Helens , Isle of Wight -- October 1928 in Liuli , Tanganyika ) was an Anglican missionary to Nyasaland .
Grant Stockdale ( 1915 -- December 2 , 1963 ) was a Florida businessman and friend of President John F. Kennedy who served as United States Ambassador to Ireland in 1961 - 62 .
Fred Boot ( Groningen , 1965 ) is a Dutch theatre producer .
Alessio Morosin ( Noale , 20 June 1955 ) is a Venetian lawyer , separatist and Venetist politician .
Hannah Pritchard ( 1711 - -1768 ) was an English actress who regularly played opposite David Garrick .
Angelo Vincenzo Zani ( born 24 March 1950 ) is the current Secretary of the Congregation for Catholic Education ( second - highest official ) since his appointment was announced by the then - Pope , Benedict XVI , on 9 November 2012 , not long before Benedict 's resignation .
Otto Herrigel ( 27 June 1937 -- 13 May 2013 ) was a Namibian lawyer , businessman , and politician .
Ashley Lloyd ( billed as Ashley Luke Lloyd ) ( born 6 July 1991 ) is a British actor and dancer , who has performed in hit musical theatre shows such as Billy Elliot the Musical and Whistle Down the Wind .
Bengt Fahlström ( born 28 August 1938 ) is a Swedish journalist and television presenter , he presented Barnjournalen at SVT between 1972 and 1988 .
Veljko Paunović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вeљкo Пауновић ; born 21 August 1977 ) is a retired Serbian footballer , and the current head coach of American club Chicago Fire Soccer Club .
Sir Hugh Owen , 1st Baronet ( 4 May 1604 -- October 1670 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1626 and 1660 .
Marmaduke Furness , 1st Viscount Furness and 2nd Baron Furness ( 29 October 1883 -- 6 October 1940 ) , was a British shipping magnate .
Cecil Patteson Nickalls , D.S.O. ( 14 October 1877 - 7 April 1925 ) was a Colonel in the Royal Field Artillery .
Pir Zia Inayat Khan ( born 1971 ) is a scholar and teacher of Sufism in the lineage of his grandfather , Hazrat Inayat Khan .
Mihalj Kečkeš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Михаљ Кечкеш ) ( 24 September 1913 -- 31 December 1985 ) was a Serbian / Yugoslav footballer .
Charles Hanbury - Tracy , 1st Baron Sudeley ( 28 December 1778 -- 10 February 1858 ) , known as Charles Hanbury until 1798 and as Charles Hanbury Tracy from 1798 to 1838 , was a British Whig politician .
Peter B. Bensinger ( born 1936 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a former Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) .
Emil Stepanek ( 21 February 1895 - -12 April 1945 ) was an Austrian set designer and film architect .
Karsten Lippmann ( born 21 June 1958 in Hannover , Germany ) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships .
Karapet Mikaelyan ( Armenian : Կարապետ Միքայելյան , born 27 September 1969 , Moscow , Soviet Union ) is a former Russia born Armenian football striker .
Hans Børli ( 8 December 1918 -- 26 August 1989 ) was a Norwegian poet and writer , who besides his writings worked as a lumberjack all his life .
Zsuzsanna Szőcs ( born 10 April 1962 ) is a Hungarian fencer , who won two Olympic medals in the foil team competitions .
Cilibi Moise or Cilibi Moisi ( born Froim Moise ; 1812 -- January 31 , 1870 ) was a Moldovan - born Wallachian and Romanian peddler , humorist , aphorist , and raconteur .
Felice Beato ( 1832 -- 29 January 1909 ) , also known as Felix Beato , was an Italian--
Newport Gardner ( born Occramer Marycoo , 1746 - -1826 ) was an African American singing school master and composer .
Karl - Heinz Priester ( 1913 -- 16 April 1960 ) was a German far right political activist .
Lillian Willoughby ( c. 1916 -- January 15 , 2009 ) was a Quaker activist who advocated for world peace , founded Take Back the Night , and conducted nonviolent protests against war and preparations for war for nearly 70 years .
Stanisław Julian Ostroróg ( 1830 - -1890 ) was an early professional portrait photographer who created photogravures of many famous contemporaries including Victor Hugo and Sarah Bernhardt .
Chester Alwyn Barr , Jr. ( born January 18 , 1938 ) is an American historian who specializes in African American studies , the American South , the American Civil War , and Reconstruction .
Fred Gainous was born in 1947 , and his hometown is Tallahassee , Florida .
Günter Baum ( born 1960 ) is an openly gay man , who founded two Christian ministries in Germany .
Alf Daniel Moen ( born 2 February 1950 ) is a Norwegian forester and politician for the Labour Party .
Helen Vita ( 7 August 1928 -- 16 February 2001 ) was a Swiss chanson singer , actress , and comedian .
Jenny Munro ( born 1956 ) is an Australian Wiradjuri elder and a prominent activist for the rights of Indigenous Australians .
Eunice Spry ( born 28 April 1944 ) is a British woman from Tewkesbury in Gloucestershire , a Jehovah 's Witness who was convicted of 26 charges of child abuse against children in her foster care in April 2007 .
Ossama Khalil ( Arabic : أسامة خليل‎ ; born 5 February 1954 ) is a retired Egyptian footballer .
The Reverend James Bulwer ( 21 March 1794 -- 11 June 1879 ) was an English collector , naturalist and conchologist .
J.W. Buckley ( born 1978 ) is a writer originally from Tewksbury , Massachusetts .
Basil Bernstein ( 1 November 1924 -- 24 September 2000 ) was a British sociologist known for his work in the sociology of education .
India Jane Birley ( born 14 January 1961 ) is a British artist , heiress and businesswoman .
Ferenc Nyúl ( 1896 -- ? ) was a Hungarian footballer and manager .
Anthony Genaro Acosta ( 1942 -- May 7 , 2014 ) , known professionally as Tony Genaro , was an American film , television and stage actor .
Maureen Paley ( born 1953 ) is the American owner of a contemporary art gallery in Bethnal Green , London , where she lives .
Gary Madine ( born 24 August 1990 ) is an English footballer who currently plays for Bolton Wanderers .
Günter Hirsch ( born 30 January 1943 ) is a German legal scholar and a former president of the Federal Court of Justice of Germany .
Nikolay Tatarinov ( born 14 December 1927 in Leningrad ) is a former Soviet modern pentathlete and Olympic medalist .
Joseph Glasco ( 1925 -- May 31 , 1996 ) was an American Abstract Expressionist painter and sculptor , best known for being at one time the youngest artist represented in the permanent collection of The Museum of Modern Art .
Frère Jacques Beaulieu ( 1651 - -1720 ) , also known as Frère Jacques Baulot , was a travelling lithotomist with scant knowledge of anatomy and was also a Dominican friar .
Veaceslav Iordan ( born 12 June 1966 , in Chircăieşti , Causeni ) is a Moldovan politician who served as interim general mayor of Chișinău ( January -- June 2007 ) .
Michael Bingham ( born 13 April 1986 ) is a British 400 m athlete .
Douglas R. White ( born 1942 ) is an American complexity researcher , social anthropologist , sociologist , and social network researcher at the University of California , Irvine .
Shirley Cothran ( born 1953 ) is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Texas .
Hal Becker ( born 1954 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American author and nationally known expert on the subjects of sales , customer service , and negotiating .
Gordon Hookey ( born 1961 Cloncurry ) is an Australian aboriginal artist from the Waanyi people .
Sam Speakman ( born 9 August 1884 in Liverpool , England ) was an English footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League .
Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Ahmad Hassani Baghdadi ( Arabic : السيد احمد الحسني البغدادي ) ( born 1944 ) is an Iraqi Twelver Shi'a Marja .
Lewis Fitz - Gerald ( born 15 November 1958 ) is an Australian actor and television director who has obtained a master 's degree in Creative Writing , majoring in Communications Studies .
George A. Cooper ( born 7 March 1925 ) is a retired English actor and voice artist .
Jordon Bourke ( born 11 November 1994 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Tim Tadlock ( born 21 December 1968 in Denton , Texas ) is a collegiate baseball coach and former player .
Surendra Prakash Goyal ( born 1 January 1946 ) , is an Indian politician from Gaziabad , Uttar Pradesh .
Maxwell Kofi Jumah ( born 26 June 1950 ) is a Ghanaian politician and a former Mayor of Kumasi , former Member of Parliament for the Asokwa Constituency in the Ashanti Region
Jean - Louis Lalonde ( 17 June 1923- 30 May 2007 ) was a Montréal based Canadian architect , perhaps most famous for his pioneering work with the Montréal Municipal Housing Corporation , Place Saint - Henri Metro Station and his involvement with the promotion of architecture worldwide .
Gretchen Osgood Warren ( 19 March 1868 -- September 1961 ) , the wife of Fiske Warren , was an actress , singer and poet .
Sean Street ( born 2 June 1946 , Waterlooville , Hampshire ) is a writer , poet , broadcaster .
Daniel Mangeas , ( born 10 April 1949 ) is a former baker who has been the commentator of the Tour de France and other important cycle races in France and Belgium since 1974 .
Marie Dähnhardt , born 1818 in Gadebusch , Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany , the daughter of an apothecary , was a German suffragette avant la lettre , for some time associated with the Berlin debating club Die Freien .
Graham V. Hartstone ( born in 1944 ) is a British sound engineer .
Bariša Čolak ( 1 January 1956 ) is Bosnian Croat politician and lawyer .
Levent Kazak ( born 5 May 1967 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish screenwriter and actor .
Jozef Gábriš ( 25 June 1933 -- 1994 ) was a controlline aerobatics pilot ( F2B ) from the former Czechoslovakia .
Johannes Conrad ( b. 28 February 1839 in West Prussia ) was a German political economist .
Chi Peng ( Chinese : 迟鹏 born 1981 ) is a Chinese - born artist , Lives and Works in Beijing , China .
David Edward Cronin , also known by his pseudonym Seth Eyland , ( 12 July 1839 -- 9 June 1925 ) was an American painter , illustrator and journalist .
Joey Welz ( born 1940 ) is an American musician born in Baltimore , Maryland who is best known for his tenure as pianist with Bill Haley and His Comets .
Joshua Meyer ( born 1974 , Lubbock , Texas , United States ) is an American artist , based in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Charlotte Haslund - Christensen ( born 1963 ) is a Danish lens - based visual artist born and based in Copenhagen .
Konrad Junghänel ( born 27 February 1953 ) is a German lutenist and conductor in the field of historically informed performance , the founder and director of the vocal ensemble Cantus Cölln .
Krste Velkoski ( Macedonian : Крсте Велкоски ; born 20 February 1988 ) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays for Bosnian Premier League club FK Sarajevo .
Charline von Heyl ( born 1960 ) is a German artist best known for her abstract painting .
Hugh Skinner ( born 6 January 1985 ) is an English actor best known for playing Joly in the 2012 film Les Miserables and Will Humphries in W1A.
Squadron Leader Charles George Gass MC ( 18 April 1898 -- March 1977 ) was the highest scoring observer ace during the First World War , with a total of 39 victories ( 16 solo ) scored serving as a gunner flying with various pilots .
Darren Porter ( born 8 May 1984 ) is an English DJ and trance music producer from Sunderland , UK , living in Germany .
Héctor Zumbado Argueta ( born in Havana in 1932 ) , also known as H. Zumbado is a Cuban writer , journalist , critic , humorist , and essayist .
Snehal Ambekar ( Marathi : स्नेहल आंबेकर ) ( born July 31 , 1972 ) is Shiv Sena Politician from Mumbai .
Violinist Peter Sheppard Skærved ( born 1966 ) is the dedicatee of over 150 new works .
Wilner Piquant ( born 4 December 1951 ) was a Haitian international footballer with Haitian club Violette A.C. and was part of the Haitian Squad at the World Cup in Germany in 1974 .
Roy Lockwood , ( 8 June 1907 to 25 April 2002 ) was a pioneering British film , television and radio director .
Grant H. Palmer ( born 1940 ) is an American educator best known for his controversial work , An Insider 's View of Mormon Origins , which ostensibly led to his disfellowshipment in 2004 from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
Jon Ortner ( Jonathan Ortner ) ( born 1951 , Great Neck , Long Island , New York ) is an American photographer known for his work in the Himalaya Mountains of Nepal , Bhutan , and Ladakh .
Emil Stanisław Rappaport ( 8 July 1877 -- 10 August 1965 ) was the son of Feliks Rappaport and Justyna Bauerertz and a Polish Jewish lawyer .
Lu Wenhui ( 卢文辉 ; born 19 May 1994 ) is a water polo player of China .
Antoine Bangui - Rombaye ( born 1933 ) is a Chadian political figure and author .
Ganesh Patro ( 22 June 1945 -- 5 January 2015 ) was an Indian playwright and screen writer in Telugu cinema .
Bob Harrington ( born 1912 ) was an American jazz vibraphonist .
Rob Doran ( born 1976 ) was the original bassist of the Chicago punk band Alkaline Trio , formed in 1996 .
Harry Plackett ( born 1870 ) was an English footballer who played for Derby County and Nottingham Forest .
Stuart Maxfield ( born 9 April 1972 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond and the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Kevin Ball ( born 12 November 1964 ) is an English former footballer who holds the position of senior professional development coach at Sunderland .
Marcelle Deschênes - Harvey née Price ( b. 2 March 1939 ) is a Canadian multi - media artist , music educator and composer .
Prescott Lecky ( 1892 - -1941 ) was a lecturer of Psychology at Columbia University from 1924 to 1934 .
Dauvit Broun ( English : David Brown ) ( born 1961 ) is a Scottish historian , Professor of Scottish History at the University of Glasgow .
Timmy O'Neill ( born 1969 ) is an American professional rock climber , guide , and comedian .
James P. Leddy ( born 1942 ) was a Democratic member of the Vermont State Senate , who represented the Chittenden senate district .
Hsiang Chun - Hsien ( Chinese : 向俊賢 ; born 4 September 1993 ) is a Taiwanese athlete specialising in the high jump .
Pearl Thompson ( born Paul Stephen Thompson 8 November 1957 in Surrey ) , previously known as Porl Thompson , is an English musician best known for his work with The Cure .
Christopher Colles ( 1739 - -1816 ) was an Irish and American engineer and inventor , known for his work on numerous inland improvement projects , among them a water distribution system in New York City , canals to link the Atlantic seaboard to the American interior , and a road atlas of the northeastern United States .
Juan José Haedo ( born 26 January 1981 ) is an Argentine former professional road racing cyclist and track cyclist , who rode professionally between 2003 and 2014 .
Orhan Aytür ( born 1965 ) is a Turkish professor of optoelectronics and world champion amateur underwater photographer .
Bruno Oldani ( born 14 March 1936 ) is a Swiss designer .
Petros Tampouris , Petros Tabouris ( Πέτρος Ταμπούρης ) ( b. Athens , 1967 ) is a Greek musician , composer and musicologist .
Madison de Rozario ( born 24 November 1993 ) is an Australian Paralympic athlete .
Fujiwara no Korenari ( 藤原 惟成 ) ( 953 - -989 ) was a Japanese courtier of the Heian era .
Andrej Poljanec ( born 10 November 1984 ) is a Slovenian track & field athlete who specializes in the pole vault .
Hussain Ghuloum Abbas Ali ( Arabic : حسين غلوم عباس‎ ) ( born 24 September 1969 ) , is a UAE football ( soccer ) player who played as a left winger for the UAE national football team and Sharjah Club in Sharjah .
Žarko Grabovač ( born 16 June 1983 ) is a former Serbian professional footballer who played as a striker .
Victor Sillon ( born 23 December 1927 ) is a French athlete who specialises in pole vault .
Kristian Jaksch ( born 7 October 1994 ) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Carlton Football Club .
John Reis ( born 1969 ) and also known by the pseudonyms Speedo , Slasher , and The Swami is an American musician , singer , guitarist , record label owner , and disc jockey .
Paolo Limiti ( born 8 May 1940 ) is an Italian lyricist , journalist , radio and television writer and presenter .
Miriam Leone ( born 14 April 1985 ) is an Italian television personality and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss Italia 2008 beauty contest .
Leigh Sprague ( born Leigh Elisha Sprague ; 7 April 1970 ) is a former New York attorney and formerly prominent international lawyer who specialized in representing Russian oligarchs in their international activities .
Bartley Christopher Frueh ( born 1963 ) is a clinical psychologist and American author .
George Augustus Simcox ( 1841 - -1905 ) was a British classical scholar and poet .
Zdravko Velimirović ( 11 October 1930 -- 7 February 2005 ) was a Yugoslavian film director and screenwriter , University Professor , a member of the Academy of Arts and Sciences .
Tomo Razmilovic ( born 31 May 1942 ) is a Croatian - born businessman , formerly the chief executive officer of Long Island , New York - based Symbol Technologies .
George Barclay Richardson CBE ( born 19 September 1924 ) is a British economist , who was Warden of Keble College , Oxford , from 1989 to 1994 .
Heikki Kirkinen ( 22 September 1927 in Kuusjärvi ) , is a professor in history at Joensuu University .
Joseph Greco ( born 1972 ) is a writer , director and producer living in Los Angeles .
Wayne Sanders ( born 29 May 1969 ) is a Christian worship leader and songwriter who is Music Director at Cambridge Community Church , an Evangelical church in central Cambridge , England .
Donna Morrissey ( born in 1956 at The Beaches , Newfoundland ) is a Canadian author .
Nebojša Todorović ( Serbian Cyrilic : Небојша Тодоровић ; born on 2 September 1957 , in Leskovac , Yugoslavia - now Serbia ) is a Serbian musicologist and university professor .
Helena Mattsson ( born 30 March 1984 ) is a Swedish actress living and working in Hollywood .
Derek Scrimgour ( born 29 March 1978 ) is a former professional footballer , who played for St. Mirren in the 2000 - -01 Scottish Premier League .
Hasan Vezir ( 7 September 1962 ) is a Turkish former footballer and currently a football manager .
Marino Drake ( born 18 June 1967 in Limonar , Matanzas ) is a retired Cuban athlete competing in the high jump .
Mary Sadler was born on 2 May 1941 in the Netherlands and emigrated with parents to South Africa while still a child .
Leo Sheffield ( 15 November 1873 -- 3 September 1951 ) was an English singer and actor best known for his performances in baritone roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
Yasmin Alibhai - Brown ( born Yasmin Damji on 10 December 1949 ) is a Ugandan - born British journalist and author , who describes herself as a `` leftie liberal , anti - racist , feminist , Shia Muslim , part - Pakistani , and ... a very responsible person '' .
Rafael Navarro Garralaga is a Spanish photographer born in Zaragoza in 1940 .
Sir Simon Baskerville , M.D. ( 1574 - -1641 ) was an English physician .
Vicky Krieps ( born 4 October 1983 ) is a Luxembourgish actress who has starred in a number of Luxembourgish , French and predominantly German productions .
Jairo Arrieta Obando ( born 25 August 1983 ) is a Costa Rican footballer , who plays for New York Cosmos of the North American Soccer League .
Belinda Stewart - Wilson ( born 16 April 1971 ) is an English actress , best known for her role as Polly McKenzie in The Inbetweeners .
Although it was an accepted part of Hadrian 's personal history that he was born in Spain , his Historia Augusta biography states that he was born in Rome on 24 January 76 , of an ethnically Hispanic with vague paternal links to Italy .
Kwabena Sarkodee Adjepong better known by his stage name Kwabs ( born 24 April 1990 ) is a British Ghanaian singer and songwriter .
Bernard Deconinck ( born 26 April 1936 ) is a retired French track cyclist who won a silver medal in the motor - paced racing at the 1959 World Championships .
John Izard Middleton ( 1785 - -1849 ) was an American archeologist and artist .
Karol Adwentowicz ( 19 October 1871 -- 19 July 1958 ) was a Polish actor and theater director .
Ilona Kabos ( 7 December 1893 -- 27 May 1973 ) was a Hungarian - British pianist and teacher .
Ernst Wilhelm Moes ( 1864 -- 1912 ) , was a Dutch art historian and director of the print cabinet for the Rijksmuseum .
Sir Humphrey Arundell ( c. 1513 -- 27 January 1550 ) was the leader of Cornish forces in the Prayer Book Rebellion early in the reign of King Edward VI .
Bill Lokan ( born 1 October 1959 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jonathan Horowitz ( born 1966 ) is a New York based artist working in video , sculpture , sound installation , and photography .
Are Nakkim ( born 13 February 1964 ) is a retired Norwegian long - distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres .
Alan Cumyn ( born 8 January 1960 ) is a Canadian novelist who lives in Ottawa , Ontario .
Marie Gahéry ( 1867 - 1932 ) was a pioneering French Catholic social worker and educationalist .
Harm Haijo Apotheker ( born 5 June 1950 , Loppersum ) is a Dutch politician for the Democraten 66 party .
Stephen Garlick is an English actor , born in Stockwell , London , on 7 July 1959 .
Alexander Ivanovich Cherepanov ( 21 November 1895 ( O.S. 9 November ) - 6 July 1984 ) was a Soviet military leader .
Edward Shearmur ( sometimes known as Ed Shearmur ; born 28 February 1966 ) is a British film composer .
Kathleen MacInnes ( born 30 December 1969 ) is a Scottish singer , television presenter and actress , who performs primarily in Scottish Gaelic .
Ronald Lee ( born 1934 ) is a Romani Canadian writer , linguist and activist .
Salim Mvurya , Salim Mvurya Mgala or Mvurya Salim Mgalla ( born 1970 ) is a Kenyan politician .
Lawrence Power is a British violist , born 1977 , noted both for solo performances and for chamber music with the Nash Ensemble and Leopold String Trio .
Alastair Fothergill ( born 10 April 1960 ) is a British producer of nature documentaries for television and cinema .
Matthew Brettingham the Younger ( 1725 -- 18 March 1803 ) was an architect .
Aleksander Kolkowski ( born 1959 in London ) is a British musician and composer whose work combines instruments and machines from the pioneering era of sound recording and reproduction ( Stroh violins , wind - up Gramophones , shellac discs and wax - cylinder Phonographs ) to make live mechanical - acoustic music .
Jeffrey Bub ( born 1942 ) is a physicist and philosopher of physics , and Distinguished Professor in the Department of Philosophy and the Institute for Physical Science and Technology at the University of Maryland , College Park .
Vedanayagam Sastriar 1774 -1864 of Thanjavur , poet - lyricist , court poet in the palace of Serfoji II . He was a poet and writer with 133 books and over 500 lyrics to his credit .
Markus Gellhaus ( born 9 June 1970 ) is a former German football player who last managed SC Paderborn .
Filaret Galchev ( Russian : Филарет Гальчев ; born 26 May 1963 in Tbilisi , Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic ) is a Russian businessman , Chairman of Eurocement group .
Jamal Zougam ( c. 1973 , Tangier ) was one of six men implicated in the 2004 Madrid train bombings .
Limmie Snell ( 1945 -- 1986 ) was an American soul singer , born in Dalton , Alabama .
Patrick Clinch ( 1790 -- March 10 , 1868 ) was a farmer , newspaper owner and political figure in New Brunswick .
Nabila Ebeid ( Arabic : نبيلة عبيد‎ ) ( born 21 January 1945 in Cairo ) , also spelled Nabila Obeid , is an Egyptian actress .
Suellen Rocca ( born 1943 ) is a Chicago artist , one of the original Chicago Imagists , a group in the 1960s and 1970s who turned to representational art . She exhibited with them at the Hyde Park Art Center from 1966 through 1969 .
James F. Hutchinson ( born 1932 ) is a painter .
Paul Kleinert ( 23 September 1837 -- 29 July 1920 ) was a German theologian , born at Vielguth in Prussian Silesia .
Erick Keter ( born 22 July 1966 , in Kabarusu , Kericho ) is a retired Kenyan athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles .
Rogelio Bernal Andreo ( born 9 January 1969 ) is a Spanish - American astrophotographer .
Juan Gustavo Scheps Grandal ( Montevideo , 1 December 1954 ) is a Uruguayan architect and professor .
Syed Mahmood Naqvi ( 28 August 1941 - -4 September 2009 ) was an Indian Earth scientist specialising in geochemistry at the National Geophysical Research Institute ( NGRI ) in Hyderabad .
Katrín Jónsdóttir ( born 31 May 1977 ) is an Icelandic former football player .
Raymond Obstfeld ( born 1952 , Williamsport , Pennsylvania ) is an American novelist , screenwriter and non - fiction writer .
Michael Monaghan ( born 13 May 1980 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for Canberra Raiders and Manly - Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League , and for Warrington in the European Super League .
Joseph Robert Sealy ( b. 1907 - d. August 1 , 2000 ) was an English botanist .
Roy C. Booth ( born August 26 , 1965 ) is a United States speculative fiction , fantasy and horror author .
Andrew Sant ( born 1950 ) is an English born Australian poet .
Tasawar Hayat ( born 1 January 1969 ) is a Pakistani mathematician who has made pioneering research in mechanical engineering , Newtonian mechanics and physics .
Tim Lokiec ( pronounced `` lock - itch '' ) ( born 1977 ) is an artist based in New York City , New York .
Karl Richard Hanitsch ( 22 December 1860 -- 11 August 1940 ) was a German - born entomologist and museum curator who served as the director of the Raffles Museum in Singapore in the early 20th century .
Tim Nedow ( born 16 October 1990 ) is a Canadian track and field athlete who competes in the shot put and discus throw .
Mopidevi Venkataramana Rao ( born 1964 , Nizampatam ) is an Indian National Congress politician , who has been the Excise minister under Kiran Kumar Reddy and most recently represented the Repalle , Guntur constituency in the Andhra Pradesh Legislature .
Vanessa Borgli ( born 4 October 1972 ) is a Norwegian actress , known primarily for her role as `` Sue - Astrid Wallace '' in the soap opera Hotel Cæsar .
Kay Sekimachi ( born 1926 ) is an American fiber artist .
Guy McElwaine ( 1936 - 2008 ) was a Hollywood agent , producer and studio head .
Pat Liddy ( Irish : Pádraig Ó Lideadha , born 1944 in Dublin ) is an Irish artist , historian , writer , illustrator , broadcaster , mapmaker , and environmental lobbyist who has helped make Dublin a global tourist attraction .
Julius Meinl V ( born 9 July 1959 ) is a British businessman , resident in Prague Czech Republic ( since end of August 2013 ) .
Luigi Pezzuto ( born 30 April 1946 ) is an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Wojciech Skupień ( born 9 March 1976 ) is a Polish former ski jumper who competed from 1993 to 2008 .
Du Jiang ( pinyin : Dù Jiāng , born on November 1964 ) is the incumbent Vice Chairman of China National Tourism Administration ( CNTA ) .
Nick Harkaway ( born 1972 ) is a novelist and commentator .
Pradip Bhattacharya ( born 24 January 1945 ) is a member of parliament representing Indian National Congress in the Rajya Sabha from West Bengal .
Mariano Stendardo ( born 2 May 1983 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for the Lega Pro side Fidelis Andria .
Moussa Sanoh ( born 20 July 1995 ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a winger for RKC Waalwijk in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
John Crome ( Norwich 22 December 1768 -- 22 April 1821 ) was an English landscape artist of the Romantic era , one of the principal artists of the Norwich School art movement .
Nae Caranfil ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈna.e karanˈfil ) ; also Nicolae Caranfil ) ( born 1960 , Bucharest ) is a Romanian film director and screenwriter .
Igli Tare ( Albanian pronunciation : ( ˈiɡli ' taɾɛ ) ; born 25 July 1973 ) is an Albanian retired football who played as a striker .
Dick Tuck ( born January 25 , 1924 ) is a former American political consultant , campaign strategist , advance man , and political prankster for the Democratic National Committee .
Karl Taro Greenfeld ( born 1964 in Kobe , Japan ) is a journalist and author known primarily for his articles on life in modern Asia and both his fiction and non - fiction in The Paris Review .
George Swain ( 1919 - -2000 ) was a local legend from Boron , California .
Henry Budd ( circa 1812 -- April 2 , 1875 ) , the first Native American ordained an Anglican priest , spent his career ministering to First Nations people .
Rigdzin Namkha Gyatso Rinpoche ( born December 1967 ) is a Tibetan Buddhist teacher .
Sugondo Djojopuspito ( 22 February 1905 -- 1978 ) was the Indonesian Youth Congress leader in 1928 who declared The Youth Pledge ( Sumpah Pemuda ) , i.e. known as :
Marc Bolan ( pron . BOE - lən ; born Mark Feld ; 30 September 1947 -- 16 September 1977 ) was an English singer - songwriter , musician , guitarist , and poet .
Harald Dahlstrøm ( born 2 March 1961 in Bergen ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( piano and Hammond B3 organ ) , known for participation on a series of records , from collaborations with musicians like Kenneth Sivertsen and Dance with a Stranger , and as band leader for his own lineups .
Rabbi Nachum Shifren ( born c. 1951 ) , also known as the surfing rabbi , is an Orthodox Lubavitcher Chassidic rabbi and accomplished surfer .
Mehdi Khalis ( born 6 January 1989 ) is a professional football player who currently plays for Moroccan side FUS de Rabat .
Ove Pihl ( born 2 May 1938 ) is a Swedish art director , book publisher and graphic designer .
Norbert Düwel ( born 5 January 1968 ) is a German football manager who last managed 1 .
Yoni Bloch ( Hebrew : יוני בלוך‎ ; born August 11 , 1981 ) is an Israeli musician , song writer , composer , rock singer and hi - tech entrepreneur .
Tan Sri Dato ' Seri Kong Cho Ha ( simplified Chinese : 江作汉 ; traditional Chinese : 江作漢 ; pinyin : Jiāng Zuò Hàn ; born 15 September 1950 ) is a Malaysian politician .
Anastasia Karpova ( Russian : Анастасия Карпова ; born 2 November 1984 ) is a Russian singer , best known as a member of girl group Serebro .
Juan Guillermo Aguirre ( born 1951 ) , better known as Memo Aguirre , is a famous Chilean singer whose voice has been heard all over Latin America , particularly during the opening acts of superhero cartoon shows during the 1980s .
Ben Zonneveld ( Bernardus Joannes Maria Zonneveld ) ( b. 1940- ) is a Dutch plant scientist and botanist known for his work on the genetics of Tulips and Daffodils , and their infrageneric classification .
Charles John Bond , F.R.C.S. , CMG ( 27 October 1856 -- 23 November 1939 ) , was a medical doctor during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , who served at the Leicester Royal Infirmary and was a proponent of eugenics and euthanasia .
' Sergio Raimondi ( 1968 , Bahía Blanca ) is an Argentine poet .
Les Morgan ( 24 February 1933 -- ? ) , was a British welterweight boxer .
Mirosław Nahacz was a Polish writer and screen writer , born on 9 September 1984 in Gorlice .
Prakash Tandon ( 1911 - -2004 ) was one of India 's most influential business leaders in the second half of the 20th century .
Lawson Oyekan ( born in London , England 1961 ) , is a British Nigerian contemporary ceramic sculptor and the first recipient of the Grand Prix Award for the 1st World Ceramic Biennale 2001 in Korea .
Odd Bergh ( born 28 June 1937 ) is a former Norwegian athlete who specialized in the triple jump and long jump .
Cornelis Mahu ( 1613 -- 16 November 1689 ) was a Flemish painter of still lifes , genre paintings and seascapes who showed a very high level of craftsmanship in his compositions .
Roger Knox ( born in 1948 ) is an Australian country singer , known as the Black Elvis and the Koori King of Country .
Čestmír Kožíšek ( born 9 November 1991 ) is a Czech ski jumper from club LSK Lomnice nad Popelkou .
Pádraig Ó Siadhail was born in Derry , Northern Ireland , in 1957 , and now lives in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Jacob Hen - Tov ( born 1932 , Tel Aviv , Israel ) is an academician specializing in the history and politics of Russia and the Middle East and the legal system of the former Soviet Union .
Ethel Ayler ( born 1934 ) is a veteran African - American character actress with a career spanning over five decades .
Juan José Torres González ( 5 March 1920 -- 2 June 1976 ) was a Bolivian socialist politician and military leader .
Camilla Rutherford ( born 20 September 1976 ) is an English actress and fashion model .
K. T. K. Thangamani , born in 1913 , was a politician from Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Marguerite Donlon ( born 31 May 1966 ) is an Irish dancer , choreographer and ballet director .
Bruce Foxton ( born 1 September 1955 ) is an English singer , musician , and composer .
Maryvonne Huet ( born 1 December 1936 ) is a former French figure skater who competed in ladies singles .
Falima Teao ( born 1931 ) was the ulu , or head of government , of Tokelau from February 1997 to February 1998 .
Antonis Manikas ( Greek : Αντώνης Μανίκας ) ( born 9 February 1959 ) is a Greek football manager and former player .
Chin Kung , AM ( 淨空 ; pinyin : Jìngkōng ) ( b. 1927 ) is a Buddhist monk from the Mahayana tradition .
Miodrag Vukotić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миодраг Вукотић , born 8 November 1973 ) is a retired Montenegrin football player .
Sir George Paish ( 7 November 1867 -- 1 May 1957 ) was a British liberal economist of international renown , author of `` The Defeat of Chaos '' ( 1941 ) , as well as `` Railways in Great Britain '' ( 1904 ) , and co - author of `` Road To Prosperity '' in 1927 .
Kavyen Temperley ( born Finlay Beaton on 3 July 1978 ) is the lead singer , songwriter , bassist and occasional keyboard player of the Australian band Eskimo Joe .
William P. Leahy , SJ ( born 1948 ) is the 25th President of Boston College , a post he has held since 1996 .
Linda Thorson ( born Linda Robinson on 18 June 1947 ) is a Canadian actress , best known for playing Tara King in The Avengers ( 1968 - -69 ) .
Michel Bernholc ( 1941 - -2002 ) was a French composer , arranger and producer .
Judith Tarr ( born in Augusta , Maine , January 30 , 1955 ) is an American Fantasy and Science Fiction author .
Joëlle van Noppen ( 20 January 1980 -- 12 May 2010 ) was a Dutch singer .
Brigitte Lin ( Chinese : 林青霞 ; pinyin : Lín Qīngxiá ) or Brigitte Lin Ching - hsia ( born 3 November 1954 ) is a Taiwanese actress .
Grace Mott Johnson ( 1882 - -1967 ) was an American artist married to Andrew Michael Dasburg .
Bernd Hölzenbein ( born 9 March 1946 ) is a former German football player ( winning the World Cup in 1974 ) .
Elizabeth Parke Firestone ( 1897 - -1990 ) was the mother of Martha Firestone , who we d William Clay Ford , Sr . , grandson of Henry Ford .
Michael Zemski ( born 10 September 1953 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and Preston in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) .
James F. Brooks ( born 1955 ) is an American historian whose work on slavery , captivity and kinship in the Southwest Borderlands was honored with major national history awards : the Bancroft Prize , Francis Parkman Prize , the Frederick Jackson Turner Award and the Frederick Douglass Prize ( second prize ) .
Dominique Pinto ( born 1989 ) , known by her stage name Dom La Nena , is a Brazilian - born cellist , singer and songwriter .
Christophe Didillon ( born 1971 in Aurich , Germany ) is an artist ( acrylic paintings , collages , photos ) .
Colin Fowles ( 6 August 1953 − 1 September 1985 ) was a Jamaican - American soccer player who died as a result of random gunfire while playing recreational soccer .
Kailash Satyarthi ( born ' Kailash Sharma ' ; 11 January 1954 ) is an Indian children 's rights and education advocate and an activist against child labour .
Feiz Mohammad ( born 1970 ) is an Australian Muslim preacher of Lebanese descent , noted for his Islamic fundamentalism .
Robert Vikestad ( born 15 December 1983 ) was a Norwegian footballer who played on the wing for Bodø / Glimt .
Gordon MacCreagh ( 1886 in Perth , Indiana -- 1953 ) was an American writer .
Alexander Prent ( born 25 May 1983 ) is a Dutch football player who plays as a winger for JVC Cuijk in the Dutch Topklasse .
Theodore Sunday Wrobeh ( born 21 October 1981 ) is a Liberian football player who is currently free agent .
Joseph C. Burke ( born 1932 ) is an American educator who is most notable for having served as President of the State University of New York at Plattsburgh and Acting Chancellor of the State University of New York .
Jacob de Formentrou or Jacob de Fourmentrou ( b. between 1620 and 1625 - d. after 1668 ) was a Flemish Baroque painter active in Antwerp who specialized in the genres of merry companies and gallery paintings .
Petr Brdičko ( born 7 May 1988 ) is a Czech songwriter who was born and raised in Prague .
Modesto Varischetti ( 1873 - 1930 ) was a gold miner in Western Australia who was trapped in a gold mine for nine days after a thunderstorm flooded the mine in March 1907 .
William C. Pfefferle ( April 24 , 1923 - December 28 , 2010 ) was an American scientist and inventor .
Hendrik Niehoff ( 1495 -- c. 1561 ) was a Dutch pipe organ builder , who learned with noted builder , Jan van Covelen ( c. 1470 - 1532 ) .
Enrica von Handel - Mazzetti ( 10 January 1871 -- 8 April 1955 ) was an Austrian poet and writer , known for writing historical romances , notably `` Die Hochzeit von Quedlinburg '' .
Fernando Maciel Gonçalves ( born 16 August 1980 ) , commonly known as Fernandão , is a Spanish - Brazilian futsal player who plays for Dinamo as a Pivot .
Zoran Simjanović ( pronounced ( zǒran simjǎːnoʋitɕ ) ; born 11 May 1946 ) is a Serbian composer .
Keli Carender ( born c. 1981 ) is an American blogger credited with being the first Tea Party protest activist when she was the principal organizer of a protest of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 on February 16 , 2009 .
Li Xiaolin ( Chinese : 李小琳 ; born 1961 ) is a Chinese businesswoman , current serving as vice - president of the China Datang Corporation , a state - owned power generation enterprise .
Taibi Kahler ( born 1943 ) is a psychologist , author , expert interviewer , and presidential communications advisor .
Bob Ducsay ( born c. 1962 ) is a film editor , screenwriter and producer who has worked on over 20 film and television productions .
David Rams ( born 1961 in Ontario , Canada ) is a music , celebrity and beauty photographer .
Peter Johan Schei ( born 5 January 1945 ) is a Norwegian biologist and civil servant .
Chokey Nima ( born 1969 or 1970 ) is a former Bhutanese international footballer and also was the head coach the Bhutan national football team .
Hans Nobel ( 1657 -- 26 August 1732 ) was a Danish landowner and civil servant .
Ivan Vekić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ǐʋan ʋěːkit͡ɕ ) , 18 October 1938 -- 17 December 2014 ) was a Croatian politician and lawyer .
Claus Michael Møller ( born 3 October 1968 ) is a Danish former professional cyclist .
Clemente de Lantaño Pino ( ca . 1774 in Chillán -- ? in Chillán ) was a royalist military officer during the Chilean War of Independence .
Mohammed Christophe Bilek ( born 1950 ) is an Algerian former Muslim who lives in France since 1961 .
Dai Weimin ( born May 1962 ) is a general in the People 's Liberation Army of China .
Dawson McAllister ( born 1946 in New Kensington , Pennsylvania ) is an American speaker , radio host , and author .
Trond Bergh ( born 16 September 1946 ) is a Norwegian economic historian , and researcher at the Department of Innovation and Economic Organisation of the BI Norwegian Business School .
Rein Ahas ( born 10 December 1966 in Tartu ) is an Estonian geographer and a professor at the University of Tartu .
Jean - Marc Joguet ( born 29 March 1965 ) from Beaufort , Savoie is a French ski mountaineer and long - distance runner .
Juliet Rylance ( born Juliet van Kampen ; 26 July 1979 ) is an English actress and producer , known for the film Days and Nights .
Maycol Andriani ( born 17 September 1987 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for the Serie D club Castellana .
Alexandre Darracq ( 10 November 1855 - -1931 ) was a French automobile manufacturer .
Philip Bouquett or Bouquet ( 1669 - -1748 ) was a French linguist who became Regius Professor of Hebrew at the University of Cambridge .
Prince Józef Klemens Czartoryski ( 1740 - -1810 ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) who owned Korets Castle .
Shaunaka Rishi Das ( born 18 February 1961 ) is the Director of the Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies ( OCHS ) , a position he has held since the Centre 's foundation in 1997 .
Joël Mercier ( born 5 January 1945 ) is a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who serves in the Curia as Secretary of the Congregation for the Clergy .
Veronica Henry ( born 1963 ) is a British writer of Romance novels , TV script writer and journalist .
Betty Neumar ( November 1931 -- June 13 , 2011 ) was an American woman charged with arranging the murder of her fourth husband , Harold Gentry , who died in 1986 .
Steven Bosch ( born 6 June 1978 ) is a South African artist ( working primarily in the medium of photography ) and creative director in Johannesburg .
Ricarda Lisk ( born 1 February 1981 in Schorndorf , Baden - Württemberg ) , is a German professional triathlete , National Elite Champion of the year 2010 , and a permanent member of the German Kader , i.e. the National Team .
Manon von Gerkan ( born 1972 in Hamburg ) is a German model and actress .
Dr Sampurnanand ( 1 January 1891 -- 10 January 1969 ) was a teacher and politician in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Jacob Minah ( born 3 April 1982 ) is a decathlete from Germany .
Kaevan Gazdar ( born 1951 ) is a journalist , and lecturer writing about economic and socio - economic issues .
Keith Dunne ( born 10 February 1982 ) is an Irish footballer .
John H. Oberholtzer ( 10 January 1809 -- 15 February 1895 ) was a North American Mennonite leader who advocated for Mennonite cooperation for the purpose of higher education and mission work .
Henrique Walter Pinotti ( 1929 -- June 21 , 2010 ) was a Brazilian physician and gastric surgeon , and a full professor of surgery at the University of São Paulo 's Medical School .
David Tangata - Toa ( born 15 July 1981 in Gold Coast , Queensland ) is currently the assistant coach of the Penrith Panthers New South Wales Cup ( rugby league)Competition squad .
John H. Thompson ( born 1951 ) is an American statistician who has been serving as the 24th Director of the United States Census Bureau since 2013 .
Rev. John Dyfnallt Owen ( 7 April 1873 -- 28 December 1956 ) , was a Welsh poet , and served as Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales from 1954 until his death .
Sir William MacMahon , 1st Baronet ( 1776 - -1837 ) was an Irish judge and member of a Limerick family which became prominent largely through personal influence over the Prince Regent .
Carl Breus ( 12 April 1852 -- 1914 ) was an Austrian obstetrician born in Vienna .
Alí Rodríguez Araque ( born in Ejido , Mérida , 9 September 1937 ) is a Venezuelan politician , lawyer , and diplomat .
Hugo Salmela ( 13 June 1884 -- 28 March 1918 ) was one of the Red Guard military leaders in the 1918 Finnish Civil War .
John Howard Sanden ( born 1935 in Austin , Texas ) is an American portrait artist .
Bohumil Němeček ( 2 January 1938 -- 2 May 2010 ) was a Czechoslovak welterweight boxer .
Bill Warrington ( 1910 -- September 11 , 1981 ) was a special effect 's artist .
Sylvia Stanfield ( born 1943 ) is an American former diplomat who served as the nation 's first African - American woman ambassador to Brunei , from 1999 to 2002 .
Önder Turacı ( Turkish pronunciation : ( øndeɾ tuɾadʒɯ ) , born 14 July 1981 ) is a Turkish footballer who is currently a free agent .
Andrzej Sakson ( b. 1950 in Elbląg ) is a Polish sociologist and historian .
Annie Cooper ( born 1983 ) is a British actress , singer and dancer .
Ričardas Bartkevičius ( born 1959 in Vilnius ) is a prominent Lithuanian painter and educator .
Chen Bolin ( traditional Chinese : 陳柏霖 ; simplified Chinese : 陈柏霖 ; pinyin : Chén Bólín ; Cantonese Yale : Chan Pak Lam ) was born 27 August 1983 .
Hristo Karastoyanov ( born on 22 February 1950 in Topolovgrad ) is a contemporary Bulgarian novelist .
Simcha Zissel Halevi Levovitz ( 1908 - -2001 ) was a rabbi and founder of a yeshiva in Boro Park , Brooklyn .
Ioan Bengliu ( born 1881 - died 1940 ) was a Romanian Lieutenant - General .
Thomas Hylkema ( born 20 August 1988 ) is a Dutch racing driver , who drove for Tech 1 Racing in the GP3 Series in 2011 .
Vincy Chan ( born 16 October 1982 ) is a Hong Kong cantopop singer .
Federico Pisani ( 25 July 1974 --12 February 1997 ) was an Italian professional footballer who played for Atalanta and Monza .
Ahmed Bukhatir ( Arabic : أحمد بوخاطر‎ ; born 16 October 1975 ) is an Emirati Nasheed singer .
Cornelia Hilda Kühn ( born 11 December 1944 ) is an Afrikaans writer known under the pen - name Corlia Fourie .
John L. Rotz ( born . c. 1934 in Warrensburg , Illinois ) is a retired American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey and an active World Champion in Western riding competitions .
Salvatore Puccio ( born 31 August 1989 ) is an Italian racing cyclist who rides for UCI World Tour team Team Sky .
Jānis Eglītis ( January 23 , 1961 -- May 6 , 2013 ) was a Latvian politician and a Deputy of the 9th Saeima .
Paul Haslinger ( born 11 December 1962 ) is an Austrian - born composer and music producer based out of Los Angeles , California .
Takuya Kita ( 北卓也 , born 29 May 1972 ) is a retired Japanese basketball player .
Liu Zhengcheng ( Simplified Chinese : 刘正成 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Liú Zhèngchéng ) ( 1946 - ) is a contemporary Chinese calligrapher based in Beijing , China particularly noted for his use of the cursive script .
Faruk Sokolović ( born 18 September 1952 ) is a Bosnian film director , producer , actor and screenwriter .
Vanley Burke ( born 1951 ) is a British Jamaican photographer and artist .
Hon . Dr. Christian Cardona was born in 1972 and graduated as Notary Public and Doctor of Laws from the University of Malta .
Mike Imlach ( born 19 September 1962 ) is a footballer who played as a full back in the Football League for Peterborough United and Tranmere Rovers .
Heather Mitchell ( born 1958 ) is an Australian actress , appearing in Australian productions of Stage , television and film .
Christopher Tietze ( 1908 - April 4 , 1984 ) was a United States physician best known for his stance in the United States pro - choice movement to permit abortion in the United States .
Fouad M'Roudjaé ( born 24 June 1994 ) is a Comorian international footballer who plays for Marseille , as a left back .
Shankar Pannu ( 18 November 1949 ) is a former Member of Parliament from Ganganagar constituency .
Leelawathy Ramanathan ( née R. L. Harrison in 1870 ) was the Australia - born wife of Ponnambalam Ramanathan . Lady Ramanathan was an Englishwoman who was born in Australia where her father was into gold mining .
Gary Mex Glazner , ( born 1957 ) , is a poet and author .
Flying Childers was a famous undefeated 18th century Thoroughbred racehorse , foaled in 1714 at Carr House , Warmsworth , Doncaster , and is often cited as the first truly great racehorse in the history of Thoroughbreds .
Kanchan Wali - Richardson ( born 1990 ) is an American interdisciplinary visual artist who currently lives and works in Nashville , Tennessee .
James Alexander Lyons ( 1861 - 1920 ) was an American accountancy author , and publisher , known for publishing a series of books on bookkeeping and accountancy in the early 20th century .
John Albert Raven FRS FRSE ( born 25 June 1941 ) is a British botanical scientist , and emeritus professor at University of Dundee .
Aleksandar Subić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Субић ; born 27 September 1993 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Serbian club Partizan .
Marija Gluvakov - Medenica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марија Глуваков - Меденица ) ( born 3 April 1973 ) , is a Serbian pianist and piano teacher .
José Filipe Torres ( born 13 April 1976 ) is a Portuguese entrepreneur , spokesperson , country branding and nation branding expert .
Valter Alessandro Salvioni best known as Sandro Salvioni ( born 8 October 1953 ) is an Italian football manager , and a former player , last in charge as head coach of Lugano .
Laurence Jalbert ( born Lise Jalbert 18 August 1959 in Rivière - au - Renard , Quebec ) is a pop singer - songwriter from Quebec .
Walter S. Rogers ( born 1871 ) was the primary illustrator used by the Stratemeyer Syndicate for most of its series from the 1910s-1930s .
Elise , Countess of Edla ( born Elise Friedericke Hensler ; 22 May 1836 -- 21 May 1929 ) , was a Swiss - born American actress and singer and the morganatic second wife of the former King Ferdinand II of Portugal .
Oksana Okuneva ( Ukrainian : Окунева Оксана ; born 14 March 1990 in Mykolaiv ) is an Ukrainian high jumper .
Søren Skou ( born 20 August 1964 ) has been the CEO of Maersk Line since January 2012 .
Gideon Nieuwoudt ( 1951 - 2005 ) was a former apartheid - era security policeman involved in the torture and murder of several anti - apartheid activists , including Steve Biko .
Lorenzo Kom'boa Ervin ( born 1947 ) is an American writer , activist , and black anarchist .
James McGrahan ( 3 March 1898 -- after 1948 ) , also known as Jimmy McGrahan or McGraham , was an English footballer who made 85 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City ( in two spells ) and Wigan Borough .
Susan Mohl Powers ( born 1944 in Saint Paul , Minnesota ) is a contemporary artist who sculpts in polygon and planar metal as well as sewn fabric , blending art and science to design sculptures and fabric - on - canvas paintings .
Chih - Fu Cheng ( 鄭志富 , born 1956 ) from Penghu , Taiwan , is currently the vice president of the National Taiwan Normal University ( NTNU ) and Distinguished professor at the Department of Physical Education and the Graduate Institute of Sport , Leisure , and Hospitality Management , NTNU .
Jan Raa ( born 11 October 1939 ) is a Norwegian biologist .
Bahia Boussad ( born 31 January 1979 ) is a retired Algerian athlete who competed in racewalking events .
M. Ann McCaig ( née Schnell ; June 1939 ) was the chancellor of the University of Calgary in Alberta from 1994 until 1998 .
Aníbal González Ramírez ( born 8 April 1995 ) is a Mexican - Chilean footballer that currently plays for the Primera División club Colo - Colo as striker .
Manoranjan Shill Gopal ( Bengali : মনোরঞ্জন শীল গোপাল ; born 1 January 1964 ) , also known as Gopal , is a Bangladeshi politician who has served as Member of Parliament for Dinajpur-1 since 2005 .
Raffaella Carrà ( Italian : ( raffaˈɛlla karˈra ) ; born 18 June 1943 in Bologna ) , often simply known as la Carrà ( the Carrà ) and in some Latin American countries sometimes simply as Raffaella , is an Italian singer , dancer , television presenter , and actress .
Nanda Kishore Bal ( 22 December 1875 -- 1 July 1928 ) , was an Indian poet of the era of initial modernity in Odia poetry .
Archibald Bower ( 17 January 1686 -- 3 September 1766 ) was a Scottish historian , now noted for his complicated and varying religious faith , and the accounts he gave of it , now considered by scholars to lack credibility .
Arthur Okowa Ifeanyi ( born 8 July 1959 ) is the incumbent Governor of Delta State .
Drisana Levitzke - Gray ( b 1993 ) is a deaf woman from Perth , Western Australia , who advocates for deaf people and culture .
Anna Hruby ( born 19 October 1960 ) is an Australian actress who has appeared in many Australian television series and theatre productions .
Sir George Shenton ( 4 March 1842 -- 29 June 1909 ) was a prominent businessman in colonial Western Australia , the first Mayor of Perth , and a Member of the Western Australian Legislative Council for over thirty years .
Séamus Roche ( born 8 September 1969 ) is an Irish retired hurling referee .
Amy Kwolek ( born Amy Kwoleková , 7 May 1986 ) is an English actress , who is best known for her role as Nadine in Girls in Love ( 2003 - -05 ) which has been an incredible success .
Eldar Vågan ( born 30 August 1960 ) is best known as the songwriter and guitarist in Vazelina Bilopphøggers .
Zsolt Hamar ( born 1968 Budapest ) is a Hungarian conductor .
Gregory Wm . Gunn ( born 1960 in Windsor , Ontario ) is a Canadian poet of the New Formalist tradition .
Chapman Mortimer was the pen name of William Charles ( `` W. C. '' ) Chapman Mortimer ( born 15 May 1907 died 1988 ) , a Scottish novelist .
Charles Congden Carpenter ( June 2 , 1921 -- January 10 , 2016 ) was an eminent naturalist and herpetologist who has won numerous awards for excellence as an educator , researcher , and communicator .
Joanne Horniman ( born 1951 ) is an Australian author who has won several awards for her books for children , teenagers and young adults .
Steve Haskin ( born 1947 in New York ) is an award - winning American horse - racing journalist and author .
Harold Roper Robinson FRS ( 1889 - -1955 ) was a physicist and , in later life , an outstanding figure in university administration .
Jeannine Savard ( born 1950 ) is an American poet , born in the Adirondack Mountain Region of New York State .
The Honourable Paul Tiensten , born 1966 , is a former Papua New Guinean politician and former National Alliance Member of Parliament for Pomio Open .
Zheng Xuan ( 127 - -200 ) , courtesy name Kangcheng ( 康成 ) , was an influential Chinese commentator and Confucian scholar near the end of the Han Dynasty .
Bruno Edgar Silva Almeida ( born 18 March 1994 ) , known as Bruno Ramires , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a Defensive Midfielder for Cruzeiro .
Thomas Eagles ( 1746 - -1812 ) , was an English classical scholar .
Humphrey Burton , CBE ( born 25 March 1931 ) is a British classical music television presenter , broadcaster , TV director , producer , impresario , lecturer and biographer of musicians .
Li Daozong ( 李道宗 ) ( 603?-656 ? ) , courtesy name Chengfan ( 承範 ) , was an imperial prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty .
Donie O'Sullivan ( Irish : Dónal Ó Súilleabháin ) ( born 1940 in Killarney , County Kerry ) is a former Irish sportsperson .
Dr. Edward Kopówka ( born 12 October 1963 ) is a Polish writer and professional historian , graduate of the Faculty of History at the Podlasie Academy in Siedlce , political and social activist known for his active participation in the democratic process beginning with the so - called Second circulation publishing of delegalized books under the Communist rule .
William Henry Oliphant Smeaton ( 24 October 1856 -- 31 March 1914 ) , sometimes using the pen name Oliphant Smeaton , was a Scottish writer , journalist , editor , historian and educator .
Ioannis Velissariou ( Greek : Ιωάννης Βελισσαρίου , 26 November 1861 -- 13 July 1913 ) was a Greek Army officer and hero of the Balkan Wars .
Bård Jørgen Elden ( born 17 June 1968 ) is a former Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed from 1987 to 1997 .
Fredrik Fors ( born 1973 , Borlänge ) is a Swedish , classical music clarinetist .
Wen Shaoxian ( Chinese : 溫紹賢 ) , born 4 December 1934 ) also known as Wan Siu Yin is a literary writer , famous for his short stories about the lives of the new immigrants from the mainland in Hong Kong .
Josh Kumra ( born 19 April 1991 ) is a British singer - songwriter , signed to Sony RCA .
Kangana Ranaut ( pronounced ( kəŋɡənaː raːɳoːʈʰ ) ; born 23 March 1987 ) is an Indian film actress .
Carla Gravina ( born 5 August 1941 ) is an Italian actress and politician .
Jules - Charles Le Bozec ( 1898 - -1973 ) was a French sculptor , whose work reflects a commitment to the local design traditions of his native province of Brittany .
Richard Veryard ( born 1955 ) is a British computer scientist , author and business consultant , known for his work on service - oriented architecture and the service - based business .
Brian Joseph Davis ( born 1975 ) is a Canadian writer and media artist .
Justus Danckerts ( 11 November 1635 in Amsterdam -- 16 July 1701 in Amsterdam ) was a Dutch engraver who worked his entire life at Amsterdam .
Michael Bisping ( born 28 February 1979 ) is an English mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) .
Daniel Sales ( 1958 - -2005 ) , usually credited as Dan Sales , was an American film producer .
Bob Loughman , born 8 March 1961 , is a ni - Vanuatu politician .
Mihail Formuzal ( in Gagauz : Mihail Formuzal , in Russian : Михаил Формузал ; born 7 November 1959 , in Beșghioz ) is a Moldovan politician of Gagauz ethnicity , who was Governor ( Başkan ) of the Autonomous Territorial Unit of Gagauzia ( Gagauz Yeri ) from December 2006 to March 2015 .
Richard Martino ( born 1961 ) is a member of the New York Gambino crime family who was involved in Internet and phone scams that cost consumers $ 750 million .
Andrew Diamond ( born 1969 , Stanford , California ) is an American reggae artist and music producer .
Bruno Giglio de Oliveira ( born 20 August 1985 in São Vicente ) , commonly known as Oliveira , is a Brazilian central defender who plays for Treze Futebol Clube .
Erik Parker ( born 1968 ) is a New York - based artist .
George Herbert Walker IV ( born April 1969 ) is the chairman and CEO of Neuberger Berman , one of the largest private , independent , employee - controlled investment management firms .
Euphemia of Greater Poland ( Polish : Eufemia Odonicówna ) ( c. 1230 -- 15 February after 1281 ) , was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast from the Greater Poland branch and by marriage was Duchess of Kalisz , Wieluń and Opole - Racibórz .
Stephen Grant Serpell ( born 4 February 1944 ) was a member of several bands during the 1960s and 1970s , including Affinity and Sailor .
Mark Furze ( born 7 May 1986 ) is an Australian actor and singer who is best known for his role as Eric `` Ric '' Dalby on the popular Australian soap opera Home and Away .
James Stephens Bulloch ( 1793 -- February 18 , 1849 ) was an early Georgia settler and planter .
Colin Eales ( born 3 July 1944 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
C. K. Nandan ( born 14 October 1963 ) is an Indian cricket umpire and former player .
Judith Margaret Bailey ( born 18 July 1941 ) is an English clarinetist , composer and conductor .
Mohd Zulkifli Affendi Mohd Zakri ( born on 14 July 1982 ) is a Malaysian football player .
Monsignor Raphaël Bayan ( 28 February 1914 -- 21 September 1999 ) was Armenian Catholic Bishop Emeritus of Iskandariya of the Armenians ( Egypt ) .
Margaret Smith Polson ( née Murray ; Paisley 20 July 1865 -- 27 January 1927 Montreal ) , who after her marriage often signed herself Margaret Polson Murray , was a Canadian social reformer , magazine editor , and founder of the Imperial Order Daughters of the Empire .
Jobe Murphy ( born 16 October 1992 in Huddersfield , England ) is an Irish rugby league footballer who plays for Dewsbury Rams .
Andrew Norman ( born 27 June 1980 ) is a former English professional snooker player from Bristol .
Sachith Shanaka Pathirana , or commonly Sachith Pathirana ( born 21 March 1989 ) , is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer , who plays One Day Internationals , First class , List A and Twenty20 matches .
Kristoffer Weckström ( born 26 May 1983 ) is a Finnish footballer who has played for IFK Uppsala , a Swedish amateur club .
Nika Kvekveskiri ( Georgian : ნიკა კვეკვესკირი ; born 29 May 1992 ) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Inter Baku .
Lauma Grīva ( born 27 October 1984 ) is a Latvian athlete , competing in the long jump .
Emma Rice ( Born 1967 ) is an actor , director , and theatre professional who currently serves as the artistic director of Shakespeare 's Globe in London , England .
Péter Tereánszki - Tóth ( born 12 December 1980 ) is a former Hungarian football player who played the majority of his career in Hungarian , and Austrian leagues .
Lady Nina Bracewell - Smith ( born 14 November 1955 ) is an Indian - born , businesswoman who has since March 2013 been based in Monaco .
Lam Tai - fai , SBS , JP ( Chinese : 林大輝 , born 1959 ) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong ( Functional constituency , Industrial ( Second ) ) .
Yoh Iwasa ( born 1952 ) is a Japanese Mathematical Biologist who is considered the leading mathematical biologist in Japan .
Kadene Vassell ( born 29 January 1989 ) is a Jamaican born Dutch athlete , who competes in the sprint with personal best times of 11.67 seconds at the 100 m and 23.49 seconds at the 200 m event .
Louisa Watson Peat , born Louisa Watson Small , ( 1883 - -1953 ) was an Irish - born writer and lecturer .
Beate Sturm ( 1951 - ? ) was briefly a member of the Baader - Meinhof gang between 1970 and 1971 .
Leslie Charlotte Benenson , R.E. ( born 13 January 1941 , London ) is an English artist who works in a variety of different mediums including sculpture , oils , watercolours , ceramics and calligraphy .
Daisurami Bonne Rousseau ( born 9 March 1988 ) is a Cuban track and field sprint athlete who specialises in the 400 metres .
Rahman Rezaei ( Persian : رحمان رضايی ‎‎ , born 20 February 1975 in Noor ) is an Iranian retired football player and coach .
Yisrael Borochov ( born in Tel Aviv in 1950 ) , is an Israeli musician , composer , and arranger .
Sig Arno ( 27 December 1895 -- 17 August 1975 ) was a German - Jewish film actor who appeared in such films as Pardon My Sarong and The Mummy 's Hand .
Janko Kos ( born 9 March 1931 ) is a Slovenian literary historian , theoretician , and critic .
Stefan Schmidt ( born 7 November 1975 ) is a Danish professional footballer who most is playing for Brønshøj Boldklub in the Danish 1st Division .
Solomon Wilbur Denton , Sr . ( 1816 - -1864 ) was an early member of the Latter Day Saint movement .
Hayat Ahmed Mohammed ( born 1982 ) is an Ethiopian model and beauty queen Her name in Arabic means `` life . ''
Marie - Thérèse Colimon - Hall ( née Colimon , 1918 - -1997 ) , was a Haitian writer .
Rene Daalder ( born René Daalder in 1944 on Texel , North Holland , sometimes credited as Renee Daalder ) is a Dutch writer and director .
Vimala Devi is the pseudonym of Teresa da Piedade de Baptista Almeida ( b. 1932 ) , a Goan writer , poet and translator .
Dean Laidley ( born 27 March 1967 ) is an Australian rules football assistant coach and former player , who played for the West Coast Eagles and North Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) from 1987 to 1997 , including in North Melbourne 's 1996 premiership side .
Alessandro Venezia ( born 17 August 1989 ) is an Italian professional footballer who can play in various positions in the midfield , both attacking and defensive .
Marc Zellweger ( born 17 October 1973 ) is a Swiss former football defender and current coach .
Genevieve Morris ( born 1967 ) is an Australian actress best known for appearing on the popular comedy series Comedy Inc. She has also appeared in Blue Heelers and the detective series City Homicide as pathologist , Rhonda Lafferty .
Johannes Kaleschke ( born 1977 ) is a German classical tenor in opera and in concert .
Blessed Simon of Cascia ( or Simeone Fidati ) ( c. 1295 - -1348 ) was an ascetic and preacher from Cascia , Italy .
Clarissa Munger Badger ( 1806 - -1889 ) was a mid 19th century American botanical illustrator best known for several volumes of flower paintings , some accompanied by poetry .
Chief Bernard Ominayak was born in 1950 at Lubicon Lake and is the Chief of the Lubicon Lake Indian Nation .
Adam Wishart ( born 1969 ) is an award - winning documentary filmmaker .
Finlay MacRae ( born 1986 ) is a shinty player from Kintail who plays for Kinlochshiel .
Laurent Beauvais ( born 24 June 1952 ) is a French politician and the incumbent President of the Regional Council of Basse - Normandie .
Patrick Hokonya ( born 19 December 1972 ) is a Zimbabwean soccer administrator .
Hu Nai - yuan ( Chinese : 胡乃元 ; pinyin : Hú Nǎiyuán ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Hô͘ Nái - gôan , born 1961 at Tainan , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese violinist .
Fra ' Juan de Homedes y Coscon ( c. 1477 -- 1553 ) was a Spanish Hospitaller .
Sundaram Perumal Rajadurai ( born 26 March 1967 ) is a Sri Lankan attorney - at - law , politician and former Member of Parliament .
Bothwell Browne ( born Walter Bothwell Bruhn ; 1877 - 1947 ) was a Danish - American stage and film performer , best known as a female impersonator .
Flavia Fortunato ( born 16 March 1964 ) is an Italian singer , actress and television presenter .
Mohamed Badawi ( born 1965 in Omdurman ) is a Sudanese linguist and publisher , singer and composer , as well as founder of the `` Sudan Education Project '' .
Tony Clarkin ( born Anthony Michael Clarkin , 24 November 1946 ) is an English musician , best known as the guitarist of the rock band Magnum .
Nick Wallace ( born 1972 in Yeovil ) is a novelist and short story writer based in Tunbridge Wells , best known for his work in Doctor Who spin - offs .
Rory Elrick ( born 23 February 1995 ) is Scottish actor best known for starring as the title character Fletcher Moon in the BBC television series Half Moon Investigations based on the best - selling novel by Eoin Colfer .
Henri O'Kelly ( full name : Joseph Pierre Henri O'Kelly ) ( 23 June 1859 -- 15 March 1938 ) was a Franco - Irish composer , pianist , organist and choir director , based in Paris .
Roberto Cavalli ( Italian pronunciation : ( roˈbɛrto kaˈvalli ) ) ( born 15 November 1940 ) is an Italian fashion designer .
Brian H. Rowe ( 1931 -- February 22 , 2007 ) was a British - born American engineer , chief executive officer of General Electric Aviation , a member of the National Academy of Engineering , a fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society and a fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics .
John Youngs ( about 1598 in Reydon , England - February 24 , 1672 Southold , New York ) was a Puritan minister who founded Southold , New York .
Mani Hussaini ( Persian : مانی حسینی‎‎ ; born 25 October 1987 ) is a Norwegian politician who is the leader of the Workers ' Youth League ( AUF ) since October 2014 .
Stefanos Kragiopoulos ( Greek : Στέφανος Κραγιόπουλος ; born 31 January 1990 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis Ambelokipi in the Greek Football League 2 as a centre back .
Alec Coppen ( born 29 January 1923 in London , England ) is a British psychiatrist .
David Roos ( born 29 May 1982 in Queenstown , RSA ) is a Paralympian athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category F46 sprints , long and high jump events .
Petter Myhre ( born 21 February 1972 ) is a retired Norwegian footballer and current coach and commentator .
Luke Simpkin ( born 5 May 1979 in Derby ) is a British light heavyweight boxer based in Swadlincote , Derbyshire , England .
Hadley Kay ( born February 22 , 1973 ) is a Canadian - born voice actor who appeared in the first two Care Bears movies : as the voice of magician Nicholas in The Care Bears Movie and as the villain Dark Heart in Care Bears Movie II :
Albert Jenkinson ( birth registered January→March 1884 -- date of death unknown ) birth registered in Hunslet , was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s .
Wataru Hashimoto ( 橋本 和 , born 14 September 1986 in Takatsuki , Shiga ) is a Japanese football player .
John Elderfield ( born 25 April 1943 ) was Chief Curator of Painting and Sculpture at the Museum of Modern Art , New York , from 2003 to 2008 .
Jim Torrey ( born 1940 ) is a politician in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Giuseppe Sturani ( 1855 -- January 17 , 1940 ) was an Italian conductor who was known for his work in the field of opera .
Abdulaziz Fadhil ( also Abdulaziz Fadel ) ( born 22 August 1979 ) He is a Kuwaiti football centre - back .
Carsten Klee ( born 15 September 1970 ) is a former German footballer .
Johannes Brotherus ( born 1997 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish actor and musician who is best known for starring in a 2013 Pirjo Honkasalo film Concrete Night .
Stojan Srdić ( Cyrillic Стојан Срдић ; Glamoč 20 September 1950 ) is a Serbian playwright and novelist who lives in Belgrade .
Glenn Tilton ( born April 1948 , in Washington , D.C. ) was Midwest Chairman and a member of the Executive Committee , at JP Morgan Chase ( NYSE : JPM ) , a position he has held from June 6 , 2011 to 2014 .
Alois Lunzer ( 1840 - - ? ? ) , was an Austrian - born watercolour painter , who emigrated to Philadelphia and specialised in doing botanical illustrations .
Huping Ling ( Chinese : 令狐萍 ; pinyin : Lìnghú Píng ) ( born 1956 ) is a Professor of History , the founder of the Asian Studies Program , and the past department chair at Truman State University .
Richard Cavendish , 2nd Baron Waterpark FSA ( 13 July 1765 -- 1 June 1830 ) , was an Anglo - Irish politician and peer .
Tong Shiping ( Chinese : 童世平 ; pinyin : Tóng Shìpíng ; born July 1947 ) is a retired admiral of the People 's Liberation Army Navy ( PLAN ) of China .
Cui Shaopeng ( Chinese : 崔少鹏 ; born October 1961 ) is a Chinese politician and a discipline official of the Communist Party of China .
Liana Fiol Matta ( born 1946 ) is a Puerto Rican jurist and the current and 16th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico .
Borisav Jović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борисав Јовић , pronounced ( jǒːʋit͡ɕ ) ; born 19 October 1928 ) is a former Serbian communist politician , who served as the Serbian member of the collective presidency of Yugoslavia during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Lindsay Doran ( c. 1949 ) is an American film producer and studio executive who has worked on such films as This Is Spinal Tap , Ferris Bueller 's Day Off , Sense and Sensibility , Stranger Than Fiction , and Nanny McPhee .
Matthew Smailes ( born 25 March 1899 in Lancaster , Lancashire ) was an English footballer who played for West Ham United and Coventry City as a half - back .
Marc Woolnough ( born 20 May 1980 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played six games for Geelong in 1998 and 2002 .
Frank Deayton ( 2 June 1921 -- 17 October 2004 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Alexandr Zaboev ( Russian : Александр Забоев , born 1 September 1989 ) is a Russian pair skater .
Maggie Batson ( born August 7 , 2003 in Shawnee Mission , Kansas ) is an actress , business owner , and philanthropist .
Tommy Cheung Yu - yan , GBS , JP ( Chinese : 張宇人 , born 30 September 1949 in Hong Kong ) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong ( LegCo ) , representing the catering industry in functional constituencies seats .
Robert Dessaix ( born 17 February 1944 ) is an Australian novelist , essayist and journalist .
Reem Al Numery ( born 1996 ) is a children 's rights activist in Yemen .
Francesca Marsaglia ( born 27 January 1990 ) is an Italian alpine skier .
Derek Heasley ( born 15 January 1972 , Lisburn , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish cricket player .
John Parris ( born 1952 ) , of Forest Hill , London , England , is one of the most renowned manufacturers of handmade snooker cues in the world .
Philippe Capdenat ( born 17 July 1934 ) is a French composer and academic teacher .
Liam Dick ( born 19 August 1995 ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Stranraer , on loan from Falkirk .
Hans Deuss ( born Amsterdam , 1948 ) is a Dutch realist painter .
Robert Danhi ( born July 19 , 1970 ) is an American research chef and food writer specializing in Southeast Asian Cuisine .
Samuel Frederick Biery Jr. ( born 1947 ) is a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas Born in McAllen , Texas , Biery received a B.A. from Texas Lutheran College in 1970 and a J.D. from Southern Methodist University School of Law in 1973 .
Fili Seru ( born 11 March 1970 ) is a Fijian rugby footballer player who represented Fiji in the 1991 Rugby Union World Cup and the 1995 Rugby League World Cup .
Isabel Marshal ( 9 October 1200 -- 17 January 1240 ) was a medieval English countess .
Zhang Jianya ( Chinese : 张建亚 ) ( born 1951 ) is a Chinese film director .
Barry Maitland ( born 1941 in Scotland ) is an Australian author of crime fiction .
Joel Elkes ( pronounced el '' kez ) ( 12 November 1913 , Königsberg -- 30 October 2015 , Sarasota ) was a leading medical researcher specialising in the chemistry of the brain .
John Joseph Brennan ( 1913 - -1976 ) , usually known as John Brennan , was a Northern Irish politician .
Bart Smits ( born 17 March 1972 in Oss ) is a Dutch heavy metal singer .
Friedhelm Gehrmann ( born 12 June 1939 in Dortmund ) is a German scientist in economics and social sciences .
Khenpo Gangshar Wangpo ( b. 1925- ? ) was a highly respected lama in Eastern Tibet and one of the primary teachers of Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche ( the 11th Trungpa tulku ) and the 9th Thrangu Rinpoche .
Aleksei Lotman ( also known as Alex Lotman and Aleks Lotman ; born 6 May 1960 in Leningrad ) is an Estonian biologist , environmentalist and politician .
Slobodan Šiljak ( 1881 in Pljevlja -- December 5 , 1943 in Pljevlja ) was a Montenegrin priest in the Serbian Orthodox Church who was sainted by the church in 2005 .
Ignas Gelžinis ( born 28 February 1991 ) is a Lithuanian racing driver , currently racing in Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain championship .
Jagath Balasuriya ( born 21 November 1940 ) is the Minister of National Heritage in the Sri Lankan government .
Nigel Pierre ( born 6 February 1979 in Saint Joseph ) is a football striker from Trinidad and Tobago , who manages Westside Superstarz .
Thor Iversen ( 1873 - -1953 ) was a Norwegian advisor to the Board of Fisheries .
Tony Cowards ( born 27 May 1973 ) is a British stand - up comedian and writer , currently living in the Cotswolds .
Denis Whitburn ( born 13 September 1944 ) is an Australian film writer and producer .
Thomas Harlackenden ( 1624 - -89 ) , of Maidstone and Woodchurch , Kent , was an English politician .
Alexander Vieweg ( born 26 June 1986 ) is a German track and field athlete competing in the javelin throw .
Didaco Philetari ( fl . 1645 ) was an Italian composer , presumably active in Germany , whose works are preserved in the Düben collection in Uppsala University Library .
Dr. Eric Widmer ( born 1940 in Beirut ) is an American scholar and educator .
Domenico Luca Morelli ( born 31 December 1987 ) is an Italian motorcycle racer who has competed in the 250cc World Championship , the Superbike World Championship and the Superstock 1000 FIM Cup .
Sally Tayler ( born 1961 ) is an Australian actress known for several ongoing roles in Australian soap operas .
Lifen Zhang ( born in 1962 ) is a British Chinese journalist , author and broadcaster .
María Lucila Beltrán Ruiz ( 7 March 1932 -- 24 March 1996 ) , more commonly known as Lola Beltrán , was a Mexican recording artist , actress , and television presenter .
Roberto Amodio ( born 20 October 1961 ) is a Director of football and a former Italian footballer .
Arthur Bancroft ( born 1907 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half .
Veselin Vlahović also known as `` Batko '' or the `` Monster of Grbavica '' ( born in 1969 ) is a Montenegrin Serb war criminal whose crimes include genocide , rape , illegal detention and torture committed against Bosniaks and Croats in the Grbavica neighbourhood of Sarajevo during the Bosnian War .
Johann Mechtel was a chronicler ; b. 1562 in Pfalzel near Trier ( Germany ) ; d. after 1631 , perhaps as late as 1653 in Trier .
Giorgio Rassaval ( born circa 1928 ) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy , and at club level for Torino XIII , as a Centre , i.e. number 3 or 4 .
Michael Raelert ( born 29 August 1980 ) is a German triathlete who is the 2009 and 2010 Ironman 70.3 World Champion .
Milan Koprivarov ( Bulgarian : Милан Коприваров ; born 20 July 1983 in Ihtiman ) is a Bulgarian football player , currently playing for Austrian club ATSV Stadl - Paura .
Ulrika Bergquist , ( born 2 December 1969 ) is a Swedish journalist and television presenter who works for TV4 .
Keigan Parker ( born 8 June 1982 ) is a Scottish footballer who is currently a free agent after being released by Clyde .
Mustafa Çağrıcı ( born 1950 ) is a Turkish professor for Islamic theology and a former mufti of Istanbul .
Charles Atwood Kofoid ( 11 October 1865 -- 30 May 1947 ) was an American zoologist known for his collection and classification of many new species of marine protozoans which established marine biology on a systematic basis .
Stan Veit ( 25 December 1919 - 29 July 2010 ) was an entrepreneur and publisher who played an important role in the early days of the personal computer industry in the United States .
Moussa Ould Ebnou ( born 1956 ) is one of Mauritania 's greatest novelists .
Giovanni Domenico Zucchinetti ( 1735- after 1801 ) was an Italian organist , brother to the composer Giovanni Bernardo Zucchinetti whom he succeeded in 1765 as organist at the cathedrals of Varese and Monza .
Danielle Catanzariti ( born 16 February 1992 ) is an Australian actress and stage actress .
Mohammed Ayoob ( born 1942 ) is a Distinguished Professor of International Relations at Michigan State University 's James Madison College and the Department of Political Science .
Travis Simms ( born 1 May 1971 ) is a professional American boxer in the super welterweight ( 154 lb ) division .
Mary Ashley ( 1931 -- June 15 , 1996 ) was an important early video artist and performance artist , painter , and a founding member of the influential ONCE Group , together with her then - husband , the composer Robert Ashley .
Michel Sidibé ( born in 1952 ) is a citizen of Mali .
Joseph Lyman Silsbee ( 1848 - -1913 ) was a significant American architect during the 19th and 20th centuries .
Jeroen Dubbeldam ( born 15 April 1973 in Zwolle ) is a Dutch show jumping champion .
Ben Houge ( /hoʊɡ/ ; born 1974 ) is an internationally active American composer and audio designer .
Park Mi - hyun ( Hangul : 박미현 ; born 26 January 1986 ) is a South Korean field hockey player .
J. Clinton Shepherd ( 1888 - 1975 ) was an American magazine illustrator , sculptor and muralist .
Ruth Minsky Senderowicz ( born 3 May 1926 ) is a Holocaust survivor .
Anna Rose ( born 14 April 1983 ) is an Australian author , activist and environmentalist .
Maggie Helwig ( born 1961 ) is a Canadian poet , novelist , social justice activist and Anglican priest .
Suhani Pittie ( born 14 April 1981 ) is an Indian jewellery designer based in Hyderabad , India .
Martin Kolanda ( born 14 December 1977 in Prague ) is a Czech flatwater canoer who competed in canoe sprint and marathon on international level in years 1995 - 2007 .
Jason Kao Hwang ( born 1957 in Waukegan , Illinois ) is a Chinese American violinist and composer .
Alexandre Blaszyck ( born 8 January 1988 ) is a French épée fencer , team bronze medallist at the 2013 World Fencing Championships .
Leon Ray Livingston ( 1872 - -1944 ) was a famous hobo and author , travelling under the name `` A - No.1 '' and often referred to as `` The Rambler . ''
John Basten ( born 1947 ) is a judge of the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of New South Wales , the highest court in the State of New South Wales , Australia , which forms part of the Australian court hierarchy .
Jonathan Berger ( born , New York , 1954 ) is an American composer .
Philippe Ambroise Durand ( 1799 -- 11 February 1880 ) was a French abbé and chess writer .
Antonio Quatraro ( 1934 -- March 30 , 1993 ) was an Italian European Commission official , who fell to his death from an EU office building on Rue de la Loi , Brussels .
Guðjón Baldvinsson ( born 15 February 1986 ) is an Icelandic international footballer who plays professionally for Stjarnan .
Hippolytus de Marsiliis ( born 1451 Bologna ; date of death unknown ) was a lawyer and doctor utriusque iuris ( Lat . ' doctor of either law ' -- one who studied civil as well as canon law ) .
Charles - François Lebœuf , called Nanteuil ( 9 August 1792 -- 1 November 1865 ) was a French sculptor .
Etta Scollo ( born 27 May 1958 ) is an Italian singer and songwriter .
Jung Seol - bin formerly Jung Hae - in ( born 6 January 1990 ) is a South Korean football player for Incheon Red Angels and the South Korean national team .
Innocent Sagahutu ( born 1962 ? ) is a former Rwandan soldier , who is chiefly known for his alleged role in the Rwandan Genocide .
José de Jesús Rodríguez Martínez ( born 22 January 1981 ) is a Mexican professional golfer who currently plays on the Web.com Tour and the PGA Tour Canada , having previously played on the PGA Tour Latinoamérica and the Tour de las Américas .
Frederick W. Marks III ( born 1940 ) is an American historian and Catholic apologist .
Harold John Timperley ( 1898 - -1954 ) was an Australian journalist , known for his reporting in China in the 1930s and for authoring the book What War Means ( 1938 ) based on it .
Mabel Elsworth Todd ( 1880 -- 1956 ) is known as the founder of what came to be known as ' Ideokinesis ' , a form of somatic education that became popular in the 1930s amongst dancers and health professionals .
Margaret Frances Andrews ( 1894 -- November 2 , 1945 ) was a Newport , Rhode Island socialite and prize - winning show dog breeder .
Lin Junq - tzer ( Chinese : 林政則 ; pinyin : Lín Zhèngzé ) ( born 1944 ) is a Taiwanese politician .
Ann Brody ( 29 August 1884 -- 16 July 1944 ) , née Ann Goldstein , was an American film actress of the silent era .
Hans Sommer ( born c. 1914 ) is a German national who served as SS Obersturmführer ( First Lieutenant ) in the Sicherheitsdienst during World War II . After the war , he found a working relationship with Gehlen Org .
Nivaldo Batista Lima ( born 3 September 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Gusttavo Lima , is a Brazilian singer of sertaneja .
Mario Bonello ( born 28 January 1974 ) is a retired Maltese athlete who specialised in the sprinting events .
Trix Worrell ( born 1960 ) is a St Lucia - born writer , composer and director .
Are nt Magnin ( 13 January 1825 -- 19 September 1888 ) was a Dutch politician , who made a career in the administration on the Dutch Gold Coast and who later served as mayor in several Dutch municipalities .
Adela Yarbro Collins ( born 1945 ) is an American author and academic , who has served as the Buckingham Professor of New Testament Criticism and Interpretation at Yale Divinity School .
William H. Farrar ( 1826 -- November 21 , 1873 ) was an American politician who served as mayor of Portland , Oregon , in 1862 .
Bartholomew Broadbent ( born 11 January 1962 ) is an expert in wine , especially on Port and Madeira .
George the Hagiorite , George of Athos , Giorgi Mtatsmindeli or Giorgi Atoneli ( Georgian : გიორგი მთაწმინდელი , გიორგი ათონელი ) ( 1009 -- June 27 , 1065 ) was a Georgian monk , calligrapher , religious writer , and translator , who spearheaded the activities of Georgian monastic communities in the Byzantine Empire .
Chad Liddell ( born 21 January 1977 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) during the 1990s .
Reinhard Merkel ( born 16 April 1950 ) is a professor in criminal law and philosophy of law and a retired West German swimmer .
Kelly Hunter ( born 6 September 1963 ) is a British film , television , radio , stage and musical actress , a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company and the National Theatre and in 1993 a Laurence Olivier Award nominee .
Leo Colovini is an Italian designer of German - style board games born in Venice 1964 .
Carol Grimaldi ( 1938 -- April 10 , 2014 ) was an American restaurateur and co - founder of Grimaldi 's Pizzeria .
Dave Benett ( born 1958 ) is a British society and celebrity photographer based in London .
Sydney Bourne ( c. 1857- 1930 ) was the first chairman of Crystal Palace F.C ..
Fatimah Busu ( born January 1943 ) is an award - winning Malaysian novelist , short - story writer , and academic .
Chris Whelpdale ( born 27 January 1987 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Stevenage .
Celestine Cruz Gonzaga - Soriano ( born 20 January 1984 ) , better known as Toni Gonzaga , is a Filipino singer , television host , actress and comedienne .
James Bewick ( 21 December 1906 -- 1979 ) was an English footballer who played in defence for Newcastle United , Port Vale , Walsall , Yeovil & Petters United , and South Shields .
Aili Jõgi ( née Aili Jürgenson , born 25 May 1931 ) is an Estonian schoolgirl who on the night of 8 May 1946 , together with her school friend Ageeda Paavel , blew up a Soviet War reburial monument ( a wooden memorial topped with a star ) : the preceding monument to the Bronze Soldier in Tallinn .
Reginald Aspinwall ( born Preston , England , 3 January 1858 , died Lancaster , England , 26 February 1921 ) was an English painter .
Patrick Ross Broadfoot ( born 8 March 1985 ) is an English rugby union player from Lewisham , London , England who currently plays for National League 2 South side Old Elthamians as a Fly - half .
Nordin Jbari ( born 5 February 1975 in Saint - Josse - ten - Noode ) is a Belgian football player from Moroccan descent .
Malini Rajurkar ( born 28 January 1941 ) is a noted Hindustani classical singer of Gwalior Gharana .
Jonty Hurwitz ( born 2 September 1969 in Johannesburg ) is an artist , engineer and entrepreneur .
Hubert Creekmore ( 16 January 1907 -- 23 May 1966 ) was an American poet and author from the small Mississippi town Water Valley .
Ben Beams ( born 17 August 1978 ) is an Australian rules football player who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) between 1999 and 2001 and the Tasmanian Devils Football club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) from 2002 until 2006 .
William Walcot ( 10 March 1874 -- 21 May 1943 ) was a British architect graphic artist and etcher , notable as a practitioner of refined Art Nouveau ( Style Moderne ) in Moscow , Russia ( as Вильям Францевич Валькот ) .
Graeme Churchill ( born 20 July 1987 ) is a former Scottish football striker who played for Falkirk and Stirling Albion .
Lorenzo Civallero ( born 8 August 1975 ) is an Italian race walker .
János Kóka ( born 5 July 1972 ) is a Hungarian businessman , private investor , IT entrepreneur and manager of various enterprises , who served as Minister of Economy and Transport between 2004 and 2007 .
Tobias Lindemann ( born 1966 ) is a German architect , designer and media entrepreneur .
Janet Fielding ( born Janet Claire Mahoney , 9 September 1953 ) is an Australian actress , known for her role in the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who as companion Tegan Jovanka .
Luis Rodolfo Peñaherrera Bermeo ( born 1936 ) is an Ecuadorian painter , portrait artist , and cartoon artist .
Oleksiy Tamrazov ( Ukrainian : Олексій Тамразов , born 23 January 1975 ) is a Ukrainian rally driver .
Masood Khadarpoosh ( 1916 - -1985 ) was a famous communist activist in Pakistan .
Pedro Manuel Torres ( born 18 March 1982 ) , known as Mantorras , is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a striker .
Phyllis Omido ( born Phyllis Indiatsi Omido c. 1978 ) , dubbed the `` East African Erin Brockovich '' , is a Kenyan environmental activist .
John S. Rumsfeld ( born 16 June 1964 ) is Professor of Medicine at the University of Colorado School of Medicine and National Director of Cardiology for the U.S. Veterans Health Administration .
Danny Bruder ( born 31 August 1969 in Berlin ) is a German musician / music producer , rapper / singer , author and composer .
Jason Della Rocca ( born 1974 ) is the former executive director of the International Game Developers Association ( IGDA ) :
John Claudius Beresford ( 23 October 1766 -- 20 July 1846 ) was a Tory UK Member of Parliament representing Dublin City 1801 - -1804 and County Waterford 1806 - -1811 .
James Bogle ( b 1959 ) is an Australian director and writer of films and TV .
Norman Carlyon ( born 5 May 1938 ) is an Australian former cricketer .
Timothy Toroitich ( born 10 October 1991 ) is a Ugandan middle - distance and long - distance runner .
Daisy Richards Bisz ( born Daisy Gammage in 1909 in Missouri - May 8 , 2007 in Miami , Florida ) , was a prominent Florida attorney .
Chen Min'er ( Chinese : 陈敏尔 ; born September 1960 ) is a Chinese politician , currently serving as the Communist Party Secretary of Guizhou province .
Jesse Clegg ( born 1988 ) is a South African alternative rock artist whose debut album , When I Wake Up , and his 2011 follow up Life On Mars , have made the 25-year - old a platinum - selling success in his home country .
Alexis Krasilovsky ( born 1950 ) is an American filmmaker , writer and professor .
Rubén Castro Martín ( born 27 June 1981 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Betis mainly as a striker but also as a winger .
P. S. Keerthana ( born 17 August 1992 ) is an Indian actress , best known for her lead role in the critically acclaimed film Kannathil Muthamittal ( 2002 ) .
JJ Adams or Jason John Adams ( born March 1978 ) is an English mixed media contemporary pop artist .
Francis Banks ( February 1865 -- after 1890 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath .
Paul Briggs ( born 13 August 1975 ) is an Australian boxer .
Harold Foote Gosnell ( December 24 , 1896 -- January 9 , 1997 ) was an American political scientist and author , known for his research and writings on American politics , elections , and political parties in political science .
Matthew Archibald ( 1745 -- January 18 , 1820 ) was an Irish - born farmer , tanner and political figure in Nova Scotia .
Fan Tai ( Chinese 范泰 ) ( 355 - -428 ) was the father of Fan Ye ( 范曄/范晔 ) .
Katie Grand ( born April 1971 ) is a British stylist and fashion journalist .
Bruce Dooland ( 1 November 1923 -- 8 September 1980 ) was an Australian cricketer who played in three Tests for the Australian national cricket team during the late 1940s .
Mick Weaver ( born 16 June 1944 , Bolton , Lancashire , England ) is an English session musician , best known for his playing of the Hammond B3 organ , and as an exponent of the blues and funk .
Thomas Ahrens ( born 27 May 1948 ) is a retired German coxswain who was most successful in the eights .
Brooke Singer ( born 1972 ) is a New York City -- based media artist , co - founder of the art , technology and activist group Preemptive Media , and a professor of New Media at Purchase College , State University of New York .
Kurt May ( 1896 - -1992 ) was director of the United Restitution Organization , which assisted victims of Nazism , from its inception in 1948 to his retirement at age 91 , in 1988 .
Roddy Hunter ( born 13 December 1984 ) is a Scottish football striker currently playing for Kirkintilloch Rob Roy in the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
Dewi Morgan ( 1877 -- 1 April 1971 ) , also known by his bardic name `` Dewi Teifi '' , was a Welsh bard , scholar and journalist , who won the Chair at the 1925 National Eisteddfod of Wales in Pwllheli with his important awdl recounting the legend of Cantre'r Gwaelod .
Domergue Sumien ( born 1968 in Compiègne , France ) is an Occitan linguist and writer .
Albert Anae ( born 21 June 1989 ) is a rugby union footballer who plays professionally for the Brumbies in Super Rugby .
Tato Taborda ( born Curitiba , 1960 ) , is a Brazilian composer , pianist and teacher .
David Grosso ( born c. 1971 ) is an American politician who is an at - large member of the Council of the District of Columbia .
Eugene Byrne ( born 25 February 1959 ) is an English freelance journalist and fiction writer .
Hugh Hornby Birley ( 10 March 1778 -- 31 July 1845 ) was a leading Manchester Tory who is reputed to have led the fatal charge of the Manchester and Salford Yeomanry at the Peterloo Massacre on 16 August 1819 .
Matthias Willenbacher ( born 14 July 1969 ) is a German entrepreneur and pioneer in the field of renewable energy .
Mohammad Abdul - Wali , ( 1940 - -1973 ) was a Yemeni diplomat and a prominent Yemeni writer of Ethiopian descent , and one of the earliest authors in Yemen to adopt writing for artistic purposes rather than for nationalist agendas .
Raoul Heinrich Francé ( birth name : Rudolf Heinrich Franze ) was born on 20 May 1874 in Altlerchenfeld ( Vienna ) and studied as a self - taught very early in analytical chemistry and `` Mikrotechnik '' ( microscopy ) .
Sir Alexander Maitland , 1st Baronet ( 21 March 1728 - 15 February 1820 ) was a general in the British Army and the first of the Maitland baronets of Clifton .
Angelo Fusco ( born 2 September 1956 ) is a former volunteer in the Belfast Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) who escaped during his 1981 trial for killing a Special Air Service ( SAS ) officer in 1980 .
James Wan ( born 27 February 1977 ) is a Malaysian - born Australian film producer , screenwriter and film director .
Manmohan Waris ( born 3 August 1967 ) is an Indian Punjabi folk / pop singer .
Zhou Qunfei ( Chinese : 周群飞 ; born 1970 ) is a Chinese entrepreneur who founded the touchscreen maker Lens Technology .
Born on 11 August 1824 , William Carmichael Russell was educated at Bedford School .
Marieke Blaauw ( born 1979 , Hilversum ) is a Dutch animator .
Khurram Murad ( 1932 - -1996 ) was a Pakistani Islamic scholar and writer .
Reidar Thomassen , pseudonym Richard Macker ( born 18 June 1936 ) is a Norwegian writer .
Evans Hayward ( born in 1922 ) is an American physicist .
Oliver Madox Hueffer ( 1877 -- 22 June 1931 ) , was an author , playwright , and war correspondent .
Serita Solomon ( born 1 March 1990 ) is a British track and field athlete competing in the hurdles .
Rovshan Huseynov ( born 17 December 1975 in Yeghegnadzor , Armenia ) was an Azerbaijani amateur boxer .
Cheong Kuoc Vá ( traditional Chinese : 張國華 ; simplified Chinese : 张国华 ; pinyin : Zhāng Guóhuá ; 1956- ) was the first Secretary for Security in Macau Special Administrative Region from 1999 - 2014 .
Barbara Nessim ( born 1939 ) is an American artist , illustrator , and educator .
Milica Pejanović - Đurišić ( Cyrillic : Милица Пејановић-Ђуришић ) ( born 27 April 1959 in Nikšić ) is a Montenegrin professor and politician who is the Montenegrin Defence Minister since 13 March 2012 .
Ukpong Esther Sunday ( born 13 March 1992 ) is a Nigerian footballer , who plays for Trabzon İdmanocağı in the Turkish Women 's First Football League .
Edmund Bohun ( 1645 - -1699 ) was an English writer on history and politics , a publicist in the Tory interest .
Jack Downs ( born 10 November 1995 ) is an English professional rugby league player for Super League club Hull FC .
Alexander Cavalié Mercer ( 28 March 1783 -- 9 November 1868 ) was a British artillery officer .
Kostas Themistocleous ( Greek : Κώστας Θεμιστοκλέους born in 1949 ) is a Cypriot politician .
Gretel Scarlett ( born 9 November 1987 ) is an Australian actress and performer .
Martin Connolly ( October 1924-November 2006 ) was the Mayor of Galway from 1987 - -1988 .
Christian Fernández Salas ( born 15 October 1985 ) , known simply as Christian , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Huesca on loan from UD Las Palmas mainly as a left back .
Joshua Lodge ( born 14 September 1981 ) , is an Australian athlete who competes in the high jump .
Graham Shiel ( born 13 August 1970 ) is the skills coach of the Scotland rugby 7 's team .
Carlo Moresco ( 20 May 1905 - 3 May 1990 ) was an American conductor , composer , violinist , and stage director of Italian birth .
Kazimierz Cichowski ( Russian : Kazimir Tsikhovsky , Казимир Генрихович Циховский ) ( 7 December 1887 , Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski - 29 October 1937 ) was a Polish - Soviet communist activist and politician .
John E. Blakeley ( 1 October 1888 -- 20 February 1958 ) was a British film producer , director and screenwriter , the founder of Mancunian Films .
Harry Tietlebaum or Teitelbaum ( b. 1889 ) was an American organized crime figure in New York 's underworld during Prohibition as he was associated of the Bug and Meyer Mob .
Yvonne Hutton ( née Mullins ; born 1941 , died December 1992 ) , was a British comics artist best known for her work on football series Roy of the Rovers .
Richard Emmanuel Njoh Edimo ( born 17 January 1995 ) is a Cameroonian football player who played for Doxa Katokopias F.C ..
Michael Bani ( born 3 July 1984 in Thursday Island , Queensland ) is an Indigenous Australian professional rugby league player .
Luc Kwanten ( born 1943 ) is a Belgian sinologist , Tangutologist and literary agent .
Luis Argudín ( 1955 ) is a painter and professor of art known for his classical and academic work in an age where this is no longer common .
Wang Shaojun ( Chinese : 王少军 ; born 1955 ) is a major general of the People 's Liberation Army serving since 2015 as the director of the Central Security Bureau of the Communist Party of China .
Nick Ramsay ( born 10 June 1975 ) is a British Conservative politician who has been a Member of the Welsh Assembly since 2007 .
Alessandro Siani ( born Alessandro Esposito on 17 September 1975 ) is an Italian actor , director , screenwriter and stand - up comedian .
Paco Cepero ( born 6 March 1942 ) is a Spanish Flamenco guitarist .
Jim Connock ( 5 June 1925 - -29 June 1991 ) was an English film editor .
Geny Rebello ( born 1927 ) is a grandmaster of Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu holding a 9th degree red belt .
Jim Whitley ( born 14 April 1975 ) is a Zambian - born Northern Irish former professional footballer .
James Hargraves or Hargrave ( 1690 - -1741 ) was an English Anglican divine who became the Dean of Chichester Cathedral in 1739 .
Johannes Andreas Schmitz ( 1621 , Soest -- October 2 , 1652 , Harderwijk ) was a Dutch physician and the third rector of the University of Harderwijk .
Abdessadek Rabiaa or Rabii ( Arabic : عبد الصادق ربيع‎ -- born 5 February 1945 , Marrakech ) was a Moroccan politician and civil servant .
Liao Lisheng ( Chinese : 廖力生 ; pinyin : Liào Lìshēng ; born 29 April 1993 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Horace Cheung Kwok - kwan , JP ( Chinese : 張國鈞 , born 1974 ) is a Hong Kong solicitor and politician and the current vice - chairman of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong ( DAB ) , the largest pro - Beijing party in Hong Kong .
Albert Hallam ( Albert William Hallam ; 12 November 1869 in East Leake , Nottinghamshire , England -- 24 July 1940 in Loughborough , England ) was an off spin bowler who is primarily remembered , along with Thomas Wass , for giving Nottinghamshire an astonishing win in the County Championship of 1907 .
Frank Hodgetts ( born 30 September 1924 ) is an English footballer who played as a winger in the Football League .
Born on 2 October 1914 in Battersea , London , United Kingdom , Bernarr Rainbow was the son of Ephraim James Rainbow ( 1888 - 1983 ) , a cabinet - maker at Buckingham Palace , who later became the Curator of pictures at Hampton Court .
Chandra Mayor ( born in 1973 ) , is a Canadian poet and novelist whose writings , among other topics , dive into worlds of urban and alternative cultures .
Stelios Marangos ( Greek : Στέλιος Μαραγκός ; born 4 May 1989 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Veria .
Li E ( Chinese : 厲鶚 ; 1692 - -1752 ) , courtesy name Taihong ( 太鴻 ) , hao Fanxie ( 樊榭 ) , was a Qing Dynasty Chinese poet , essayist , and scholar .
David Shilling ( born 27 June 1956 ) is an English milliner , sculpturer , fashion and interior designer synonymous with designing extravagant hats and clothing displayed on Ladies ' Day at Royal Ascot .
Christina Bassadone ( born 27 December 1981 ) is a British sailor who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Dániel Németh ( born 1975 ) is a Hungarian photographer who won in the Travel / Culture category of the National Geographic International Photography Contest 2006 .
Elisa Kreisinger ( born 1986 ) , known interchangeably as Pop Culture Pirate , is a Brooklyn - based video artist and educator .
Harini Ravi ( born 20 December 1994 ) is a Chennai based Singer and Dubbing Artiste .
Adrien Théaux ( born 18 September 1984 ) is a French World Cup alpine ski racer and non - commissioned officer .
Wolfgang Dahmen ( born 19 October 1949 ) is a German mathematician working in approximation theory , numerical analysis , and partial differential equations .
Nina Childress ( born Christine Childress ; 1961 ) is a French - American visual artist based in Paris .
Bill Hagerty ( born 23 April 1939 ) is a British former newspaper editor , now chairman of `` British Journalism Review '' .
Paul John Ellis ( 25 May 1941 -- 20 February 2005 ) was a professor of physics at University of Minnesota for over 30 years .
William Murray Stone , D.D. ( June 1 , 1779 - -February 26 , 1838 ) was an American Episcopal clergyman from Maryland .
Ron Roker ( born Ronald Ernest Alfred Roker , 23 January 1941 ) is an English songwriter and singer .
Gustavo Alatriste ( 1922 -- 2006 ) was a Mexican actor , director , and producer of films .
Princess Elizabeth of Clarence ( Elizabeth Georgiana Adelaide ; 10 December 1820 -- 4 March 1821 ) was an infant member of the British royal family .
Gloria Origgi ( born 1967 ) is an Italian philosopher at the CNRS in Paris ( Institut Jean Nicod ) who works on the theory of mind , epistemology and cognitive sciences applied to new technology .
Lukáš Csölley ( born 18 June 1990 ) is a Slovak ice dancer .
F. Herbert Fallas ( birth registered October -- December 1861 -- death unknown ) birth registered in Wakefield district , was an English rugby union footballer of the 1880s , playing at representative level for England , and Yorkshire , and at club level for Wakefield Trinity , as a Three - quarters , i.e. Wing or Centre .
Danny Fitzgerald ( 1961 - -2010 ) was an Irish sportsperson .
Prim Pujals Nolasco ( born 26 July 1943 ) is a lawyer , judge , and politician from the Dominican Republic .
Jared Maurice Arter ( January 27 , 1850 -- 1930 ) was born into slavery , in Jefferson County , West Virginia .
Arthur Hobgen ( 3 September 1849 -- 26 March 1886 ) was an English cricketer .
Peter Oskarson ( born 1951 ) is a Swedish theatre director and actor from Stockholm .
Keivan Zarineh ( Persian : کیوان زرينه‎‎ , born 26 May 1985 ) is an Italian - Iranian former footballer .
Jan Voigt ( 24 June 1928 -- 5 December 1997 ) was a Norwegian actor , dancer and museum director .
Susann McDonald ( born 26 May 1935 ) is an American - born classical harpist .
Sara Stockbridge ( born Sarah Jane Stockbridge ; 14 November 1965 ) is an English model , actress and author .
Ron Vivian ( 1914 - -1973 ) was an Australian cartoonist who is perhaps best known as having drawn Ginger Meggs after the original creator , Jimmy Bancks died in 1952 .
Pavle Vujević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Павле Вујевић , 10 August 1881 -- 17 November 1966 ) was a Serbian geographer and meteorologist , professor of climatology , meteorology , and mathematical geography at the University of Belgrade .
George Costakis ( Russian : Георгий Дионисович Костаки , Greek : Γεώργιος Κωστάκης , 5 July 1913 - 1990 ) was a collector of Russian art whose collection became the most representative body of Modern Russian avant - garde art anywhere .
Maria Tatar ( born 1945 ) is an American academic whose expertise lies in children 's literature , German literature , and folklore .
Elias Karam ( Arabic : الياس كرم‎ ) ( born 1960 ) is a Syrian singer from Assyrian / Syriac ethnic origins , born in the city of Al - Hasakah in the Northeastern governorate of Al - Hasakah .
Albert Potter Wills ( 1873 - -1937 ) was an American physicist who researched magnetic materials and was the PhD advisor of the Nobel Prize winner Isidor Isaac Rabi .
Manoj Kumar ( born Harikrishna Giri Goswami on 24 July 1937 ) is an award - winning Indian actor and director in Bollywood .
Nelson Bocaranda Sardi ( 18 April , 1945 , Boconó , Trjuillo ) , is a Venezuelan television commentator and investigative journalist .
Bilall Dreshaj ( 1910 - 1987 ) , better known as Biko , was an Albanian military leader in Kosovo and Novi Pazar .
Troy Selvey ( born 1 July 1980 , Denver , Colorado ) is an American active basketball player who played until December 2007 for Bc Mures , in the Romanian Basketball Division A. He plays center or power forward positions and his height is 2,03 m ( weight : 116 kg ) .
Zhao Na ( Chinese : 赵娜 ; pinyin : Zhao Na , born 29 April 1984 ) is a former road cyclist from China .
Brett Murray ( I ) ( born in 1961 ) is a white South African artist mostly known for his steel and mixed media wall sculptures .
January Low Wye San ( born 23 August 1985 ) is a Malaysian Indian Classical dancer of Chinese Indian descent .
Cal Pritner ( 1935 - December 1 , 2014 ) , was an educator , writer , administrator , and actor .
Aris Marangopoulos ( b. Athens , 1948 ) is a Greek author , literary critic and translator .
Edmund Hewavitarne ( 1873 - -1915 ) was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lankan ) businessman and reservist .
Eliezer Sandberg ( Hebrew : אליעזר זנדברג‎ , born 21 February 1962 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a government minister between 2003 and 2004 .
Elisabeth von Trapp ( born 1955 ) is a folk singer .
Rafael Vardi ( Also spelled Raphael Vardi ; Hebrew : רפאל ורדי‎ ; Born 1922 ) was Israel Defense Forces Major General and former head of the Manpower Directorate .
Joost Wichman ( born 19 May 1978 , Lichtenvoorde ) is a Dutch professional mountainbiker , whose main discipline is four - cross ( 4X ) .
Lieutenant Alan Rice - Oxley ( 1898 -- 21 July 1961 ) was a British pilot during World War I. He became a flying ace in 1918 , credited with six aerial victories .
Samuel Curtis ( born in Walworth , Surrey on 29 August 1779-died at La Chaire , Rozel Bay , Jersey , on 6 January 1860 ) was an English botanist and publisher who specialised in Spermatophytes .
Hollie - Jay Bowes ( born Billie Jean Bowes , 17 January 1989 ) is an English recording artist and actress best known for her role as Michaela McQueen in Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks .
Henry Renouf ( 1820 -- March 18 , 1880 ) was an educator , judge and political figure in Newfoundland .
Ragnwi Marcelind ( born 1953 ) is a Swedish Christian Democratic politician .
Shaun Bailey ( born 1971 in North Kensington , London ) is a British Afro - Caribbean youth worker and Conservative politician .
Ferdinand Kowarz ( 23 February 1838 , Planá -- 22 September 1914 , Marianske Lazne ) , was a Bohemian - Austrian entomologist who described many new species of Diptera mainly from central Europe Kowarz was a post office official .
Susan Brownmiller ( born 15 February 1935 ) is an American feminist journalist , author , and activist best known for her 1975 book Against Our Will :
Tun Dr. Lim Keng Yaik ( Chinese : 林敬益 ; pinyin : Lín Jìng Yì ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Lîm Kèng - iah ; 8 April 1939 -- 22 December 2012 ) was a former Malaysian politician and former Minister of Energy , Water and Communications in the Malaysian cabinet .
Driss Maazouzi ( Arabic : ادريس معزوزي‎ ; born 15 October 1969 in Meknès ) is a French 1500 metres runner who won a bronze medal at the 2001 World Championships in Edmonton .
Kawai Wong ( born Wong Ka Wai ( 黃家惠 ) ; 4 February 1986 ) is a magazine editor , writer and fashion stylist .
Hüseyin Atıcı ( born 3 May 1986 ) is a Turkish track and field athlete competing in shot put .
Giancarlo Monsalve Leyton ( born 4 March 1982 ) is a Chilean Spinto Tenor .
Dean Hughes ( 1943 ) is an author of historical novels and children 's books .
Divakar Sharma ( 1933 - -2009 ) born in Churu , India was a scholar of Sanskrit , Hindi and Rajasthani languages .
Ian ' Walter ' Fairbairn ( born 28 August 1953 ) is an English folk musician , who was raised in the North East of England .
Catherine Stourton , Baroness Stourton ( previously Catherine Petre , Baroness Petre , née Walmesley ; 6 January 1697 -- 31 January 1785 ) , was a rich Lancastrian heiress .
Francois Russo ( born 1966 ) is the creative director and founder of Maison Takuya , a company which he founded in 2008 , and which designs luxury leather goods .
Sarah Blasko ( born Sarah Elizabeth Blaskow , 23 September 1976 ) is an Australian singer - songwriter , musician and producer .
Amer Deeb Mohammad Khalil ( born 4 February 1980 ) is a Jordanian football player , of Palestinian origin , who plays for Al - Wahdat SC .
Zhao Zhiyong ( born April 1955 ) is a former Chinese politician , banker , and regional official .
Darren Denneman ( born 23 March 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and the Sydney Swans in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Bonaventure Baron , O.F.M. ( christened Bartholomew Baron ; 1610 -- 18 March 1696 ) was a distinguished Irish Franciscan friar and a noted theologian , philosopher , teacher and writer of Latin prose and verse .
Erminio Sertorelli ( 1901 - -1979 ) , was an Italian cross - country skier .
Tiffany Haas ( born c. 1983 ) is a former American softball player .
Timothy Stamps ( born 15 October 1936 ) is a Zimbabwean politician and doctor who served in the government of Zimbabwe as Minister of Health from 1986 to 2002 .
Morten Gunnar Larsen ( born 1 October 1955 ) is a Norwegian jazz pianist and composer , well known for several stride piano recordings and collaborations .
Laura Greenwood ( born 1991 ) is an English actress and a member of the YoungBlood Theatre Company in 2006 .
Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Mahmoud Hassani Sorkhi ( Arabic : السيد محمود الحسني الصرخي ) ( born 1964 ) is an Iraqi Twelver Shi'a Marja .
Meridith Valiando Rojas ( born 1984 ) is an American concert producer and media entrepreneur .
Agim Ibraimi ( Macedonian : Агим Ибраими ) ( born 29 August 1988 ) is a professional Macedonian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga .
Charles Ching ( 沈澄 , 1935 - -2000 ) was a judge in Hong Kong .
Wael Jassar ( Arabic : وائل جسّار‎ ) is a Lebanese singer born 22 November 1976 .
Chris Gudzowsky ( born 15 August 1990 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian born bobsledder who started competing in 2006 .
Barbara Gardner Proctor ( born 1933 ) was the first black woman to own and operate an advertising agency .
Karl Zwicky ( born 16 November 1956 ) is Australian film director , producer and screenwriter .
Teresa Porzecanski ( born 1945 ) is a Uruguayan anthropologist and writer .
Antonio Mizauld ( 1510 - -1578 ) was a French astronomer and physician .
Badri Latif ( Persian : بدری لطیف‎‎ ; born 2 November 1977 ) is a German field hockey player .
Pat Kearns ( born November 10 , 1970 ) is an American record producer , recording engineer , songwriter , guitarist and vocalist .
Elhanan Tannenbaum , ( Hebrew : אלחנן טננבוים‎ , born 12 August 1946 ) was an Israeli reserve colonel in the Israel Defense Forces and a `` shady '' businessman , who was kidnapped in 2000 and held for more than three years by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah .
Marc Mahélé Lièko Bokungu ( 1941 -- May 16 , 1997 ) was a prominent Zairian general who served as the last army chief during the long reign of Mobutu Sese Seko .
Krisdayanti ( born 24 March 1975 ) , often known by her moniker KD , is an Indonesian singer and actress .
Edward Mena ( born 15 April 1990 ) is a noted Venezuelan singer .
George Herbert Walker III ( born 1931 in St. Louis ) , commonly known as Bert Walker , is an American heir , businessman , diplomat and philanthropist .
Robert Hamilton Russell , FRCS , ( 3 September 1860 -- 30 April 1933 ) was an English - born Australian surgeon , president of the Medical Society of Victoria from 1903 .
Elizabeth Raum ( born 13 January 1945 ) is a Canadian oboist and composer .
Kamila Thompson ( born 1983 ) is a singer - songwriter based in London and New York .
Harm Bart ( born 5 August 1942 ) is a Dutch mathematician , economist , and Professor of Mathematics at the Erasmus University Rotterdam , particularly known for his work on `` factorization problems for matrix and operator functions . ''
Mario Barravecchia ( born 16 November 1976 ) , or simply Mario , is an Italo - Belgian who was the finalist of the first edition of French TV reality show Star Academy .
Nguyễn Đình Tấn ( Kiến An , Hải Phòng , 1930 - 28 January 2002 ) was a Vietnamese classical composer .
Dorota Miśkiewicz ( dɔˈrɔta miɕˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ ) ( born 12 September 1973 ) is a Polish singer , songwriter , composer , and violinist .
Antal Rogán ( born 29 January 1972 ) is a Hungarian economist and politician , who served as Mayor of Belváros - Lipótváros ( fifth district of Budapest ) from 2006 to 2014 .
Pascal Gastien ( born 2 December 1963 ) is a French former professional footballer and now manager .
Maurice Norman ( born 8 May 1934 ) is an English former footballer who played nearly 400 times in the Football League as a centre half for Norwich City and Tottenham Hotspur .
Andreas Walsperger ( born ca . 1415 in Radkersburg ; time of death unknown ) was a German cartographer of the 15th century .
Jacob A. Gross ( born 1842 New York City ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Yitzhak Arieli ( Hebrew : יצחק אריאלי‎ ; born 1896 , died 5 April 1974 ) was a leading Israeli rabbi .
Margot Livesey ( born 1953 ) is a Scottish born writer .
Philippe Bach ( born 1974 ) is a Swiss conductor and current music director of Meiningen 's Hofkapelle and Theatre .
Sinéad Delahunty - Evans ( born 12 February 1971 in Kilkenny ) is a retired Irish middle - distance runner who competed primarily in the 1500 metres .
Line Arlien - Søborg ( born 25 July 1966 ) is a Danish former actress and film director .
Henry Cubitt , 2nd Baron Ashcombe CB TD ( 14 March 1867 -- 27 October 1947 ) , was a British politician and peer , the son of George Cubitt , 1st Baron Ashcombe , and his wife Laura Joyce .
Vít Jedlička ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈviːt ˈjɛdlɪtʃka ) ; born 6 September 1983 ) is a Czech politician , publicist and activist .
Shlomo Shamir ( 15 June 1915 -- 19 May 2009 ) was the third Commander of the Israeli Navy ( 1949 - -1950 ) , and the first Israeli Navy Commander to receive the rank of Aluf .
Luisa Omielan ( born 7 September 1982 ) is a British comedian based in London .
Julia Tobin ( born 1955 in Newcastle upon Tyne ) is an English actress from Newcastle upon Tyne , and is best known for playing Brenda Hope in the comedy drama series Auf Wiedersehen , Pet and Joan of Arc in the music video for `` Maid of Orleans '' by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark .
Benjamin Byung Kyu Chin ( born 1964 ) , known for short as Ben Chin , is Executive Director , Communications and Issues Management in the office of B.C Premier Christy Clark , and a former Canadian political advisor in Ontario , public and private sector executive and television journalist .
Simona Pop née Deac ( born 25 December 1988 ) is a Romanian épée fencer , bronze medallist at the 2015 European Championships , team silver medallist in the 2015 World Fencing Championships and team European champion in 2014 and 2015 .
Bob Pejman ( born 1963 ) is a contemporary artist / painter who currently resides in the United States .
Jeen van den Berg ( 8 January 1928 -- 8 October 2014 ) was a Dutch long track speed skating primarily known as the winner of the Elfstedentocht of 1954 .
Richer Pérez Cobas ( born 20 February 1986 ) is a Cuban long - distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
Antonio Brufau Niubó ( born 1948 ) is the CEO and Chairman of the multinational oil and gas company Repsol , a role he has been in since 2004 .
Doug Long ( 28 March 1940 - 9 February 2009 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and Glenelg in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Harsh Mahajan(ex- Animal Husbandry minister of Himachal Pradesh ) , son of a former Vidhan Sabha Speaker and Cabinet Minister , Des Raj Mahajan was born at Chamba on 12 December 1955 .
Makoto Kitayama ( born 1952 ) is a Japanese musician , active since the late ' 60s , most notably as vocalist and songwriter for the progressive rock band Shingetsu .
Daniel DeShaime , born Jean - Marie Deschênes on 2 August 1946 in Saint - Octave - de - l'Avenir , Quebec is a francophone Canadian singer .
Adalberto Román Benítez ( born 11 April 1987 ) , is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Libertad .
Mool Chand Chowhan ( 1927 , Ajmer , Rajputana , Indian Empire - September 11 , 2009 ) was an Indian sports official .
George Herndon Pegram ( 1855 - 1937 ) , most commonly known as George H. Pegram , was an engineer who patented the Pegram truss .
Kieran Tscherniawsky ( born 18 January 1992 ) is a Paralympian athlete from England competing mainly in category F33 discus .
Guy Cribb ( born 1970 ) is a windsurfer and windsurfing trainer .
Emri Zaid ( Hebrew : אימרי זייד‎ ; born 10 March 1993 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a Defender .
Jerzy Mniszech ( c. 1548 -- 1613 ) was a Polish nobleman and diplomat in the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Dejan Zavec ( born 13 March 1976 ) , commonly known as Jan Zaveck , is a Slovenian former professional boxer who held the IBF welterweight title .
Laurent Buson ( born 10 November 1978 ) , also known as Lohan , is a French actor , martial artist , action choreographer and film producer .
Dr Gary Aaron ( born 3 July 1965 ) is a South African - born Australian general practitioner in private practice .
Walter Claude Flight ( born London 16 February 1881 - died 1955 ) also known as Claude Flight or W. Claude Flight was a British artist who pioneered and popularised the linoleum cut technique .
Nicolae Păun ( born 9 November 1964 ) is a Romani - Romanian politician .
Marko Lopušina ( Марко Лопушина ) ( born 1951 ) is a Serbian journalist and publicist , known for writing a number of books on Serbian diaspora and secret services and their role in contemporary Serbian politics .
Valentino Baldi ( 1774 -- October 22 , 1816 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of quadratura and ornamentation in fresco and tempera .
Nakamura Dōseki ( 中村 道碩 , 1582 -- 1630 ) was a Japanese professional go player .
Jim Waley ( born 1948 ) is a veteran Australian television presenter best known for his work on the Nine Network .
Camille Mendoza ( born 29 November 1994 in Toulouse ) is a French pair skater who competed with partner Christopher Boyadji .
Ibnu Sutowo ( 23 September 1914 Yogyakarta -- 12 January 2001 Jakarta ) was an Indonesian army officer , Cabinet Minister and former head of the Indonesian oil and gas producer Pertamina .
Kaspar Ulenberg ( 24 December 1549 -- 16 February 1617 ) was a Catholic convert , theological writer and translator of the Bible .
Richard Donat ( born 1 June 1941 ) is a Canadian actor known for his roles in Canadian and American television .
Anton Reinthaller ( 14 April 1895 -- 6 March 1959 ) was an Austrian right wing politician active before and after the Second World War .
Barbara Doll ( born 7 May 1972 ) is the stage name of a French former pornographic actress .
Ivan Goranov ( Bulgarian : Иван Горанов ; born on 10 June 1992 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a winger for Litex Lovech .
Khalid Albudoor is an Arabic poet born in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates on April 7 , 1961 .
Christopher Kenworthy ( born 1968 ) is an Australian writer and former film director .
Mudit Nayar ( Hindi : मुदित नायर ; born 3 May 1987 ) is an Indian television actor .
V. Srinivas Goud ( Telugu:వి.శ్రీనివాస్ గౌడ్ born 16 March 1969 ) is an Indian politician , of the telangana state . He is the activist and former state government official and Telangana Gazetted Officers '' ( TGO ) president .
Mike James Kirkland ( born 1949 , Yazoo City , Mississippi ) is an American R&B singer .
José Aragón Escacena ( born 1891 in Astorga , ( León Province ) , Spain ; died 1945 in Spain ) was a Leonese language writer .
Ibrahim Khaleel ( born 9 October 1982 ) is an Indian first - class cricketer who plays as a wicket - keeper for Hyderabad .
Bisi Alimi ( born Ademola Iyandade Ojo Kazeem Alimi , 17 January 1975 ) is a Nigerian gay rights activist , public speaker , blog writer and HIV / LGBT advocate who gained international attention when he became the first Nigerian to come out of the closet on television .
Naim Ulmasov ( Tajik : Наим Ӯлмасов , Persian : نعیم اولمسف‎‎ ; born 26 April 1992 ) is a Tajikistani football player .
Margaret Fell or Margaret Fox ( 1614 -- 23 April 1702 ) was a founder of the Religious Society of Friends .
Meike Hoffmann ( born 1962 ) is a German art historian and provenance researcher .
Fraser Stott ( born 13 August 1969 in Cambuslang , Scotland ) is a former Scottish rugby union player and coach who played for Glasgow Warriors at the Scrum - half position .
Thomas Ong ( Chinese : 王沺裁 ; pinyin : Wáng Tiáncái , born 1 February 1969 ) is a Singaporean actor and television host .
Dale Bader ( born 1978 ) is a degreed meteorologist for WAAY - TV in Huntsville , Alabama .
Maredudd ap Bleddyn ( 1047 -- 9 February 1132 ) was a prince and later King of Powys in eastern Wales .
Nicolaes Geelvinck ( 11 October 1706 , Amsterdam -- 15 June 1764 , Amsterdam ) was lord of Castricum , Bakkum , Santpoort , Velsen , Stabroek , schepen , and owner of the country estate Akerendam - by - Beverwijk .
Paula Chaves ( born 6 September 1984 ) is an Argentine model , actress and TV host .
Le Pustra or Mr Pustra ( 1 July 1977 ) is a multidisciplinary performance artist , singer , musical saw player , model and was originally part of the comedy Cabaret duo , Pustra / Vile - een 's Vaudeville that performed from 2006 to mid 2009 .
Chris Huffins ( born 15 April 1970 ) is an athlete from the United States who competed in the field of Decathlon .
Vasil Dragolov ( Bulgarian : Васил Драголов ) ( born 17 March 1962 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer , who played as a forward .
Maria Blanca de Lizaur Guerra ( born 1966 ) , commonly known as Blanca de Lizaur , is a writer and researcher specialized in cultural studies , communications and literature .
Siri Bjerke ( 19 June 1958 -- 11 February 2012 ) was a Norwegian politician ( Labour Party ) .
Jack Milne ( 14 June 1907 in Buffalo , New York , USA -- 15 December 1995 in Pasadena , California , USA ) was an international Speedway rider .
Royston Ellis , ( born Christopher Royston George Ellis , 10 February 1941 in Pinner ) is an English novelist , travel writer and erstwhile beat poet .
Milton Reynolds ( 1892 - -1976 ) , an American entrepreneur , was born Milton Reinsberg in Albert Lea , Minnesota .
Lil ' Dave Thompson ( May 21 , 1969 -- February 14 , 2010 ) was an American electric blues guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Sir Henry Peter Francis Swinnerton - Dyer , 16th Baronet KBE FRS ( born 2 August 1927 ) , commonly known as Peter Swinnerton - Dyer , is an English mathematician specialising in number theory at University of Cambridge .
R. Parthasarathy ( born 1934 ) is an Indian poet , translator , critic , and editor .
Cameron Chalmers ( born 6 February 1997 ) is a Guernsey born British athlete , educated at Elizabeth College , Guernsey .
Ali Afshari ( Persian : علی افشاری‎ ; born 1973 in Qazvin ) is an Iranian activist .
Charlton Wong Chi Tang ( traditional Chinese : 黃志騰 ; simplified Chinese : 黄志腾 ; Jyutping : wong4 zi3 tang4 ; born 1979 ) is a football referee in Hong Kong First Division League .
Neil Merritt ( born 3 March 1939 ) was the last President of Portsmouth Polytechnic ( 1991 - 2 ) and the first Vice - Chancellor of the University of Portsmouth ( 1992 - 4 ) .
Krishan Kumar ( born 1942 ) is an Indian sociologist who is currently Chair of the Department of Sociology at the University of Virginia , where he holds the titles University Professor and William R. Kenan , Jr. , Professor of Sociology .
Bushra Elfadil ( Arabic : بشرى الفاضل‎ , born 1952 ) is a Sudanese writer and poet .
Anja Steinbauer ( born 1966 ) is a London - based Sinologist and philosopher .
John Kenneth Hilliard ( October 1901 -- March 21 , 1989 ) was an American acoustical and electrical engineer who pioneered a number of important loudspeaker concepts and designs .
Admiral George Carnegie , 6th Earl of Northesk ( 1716 - -1792 ) was born the son of David Carnegie , 4th Earl of Northesk and Lady Margaret Wemyss on 2 August 1716 .
Marcus Graham ( born 11 October 1963 ) is an Australian television and stage actor who has also starred in several films , including Mulholland Drive and Josh Jarman .
Stefan Sarnowski ( born in 1939 ) is a Polish philosopher working as professor at Kazimierz Wielki University in Bydgoszcz .
Wang Qinruo ( 王欽若 ) ( 962 - 1025 ) was an official in China 's Northern Song Dynasty .
Pieter de Graeff ( 15 August 1638 -- 3 June 1707 ) , was a member of the De Graeff - family from the Dutch Golden Age .
Liam Fairhurst ( 26 February 1995 -- 30 June 2009 ) was a British charity fundraiser who had been diagnosed with synovial sarcoma .
Charles Lane Poole ( 16 August 1885 -- 22 November 1970 ) was an English Australian forester who , introduced systematic , science - based forestry to Western Australia .
Ulrich Kons ( born 3 February 1955 ) is a retired German rower who had his best achievements in the eights .
Guglielmo Capodoro ( born Modena , 1670 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Per Hellmyrs ( born 18 March 1983 ) is a Swedish Bandy player who is a creative midfielder .
Francis Gibson ( 16 January 1753 ( baptised ) -- 24 July 1805 ) was an English writer and occasional painter .
Marco Armani , stage name of Marco Antonio Armenise ( born 14 June 1961 ) , is an Italian singer - songwriter and composer .
Karl - Erling Trogen ( born 1946 ) is a Swedish company operator .
Nicky Hirst ( b. 27 February 1963 , Nottingham ) is an English sculptor and installation artist .
Colin Tilney ( born 31 October 1933 ) is a harpsichordist , fortepianist and teacher .
Charlene Rajendran ( born 1964 in Malacca ) is a Malaysian writer based in Singapore .
Thorvald Ellegaard ( 7 March 1877 - 27 April 1954 ) was a leading Danish track racing cyclist in the 1900s and 1910s .
Muzaffer Atac ( 24 August 1933 - 7 December 2010 ) was a Turkish - American physicist who was one of the founding scientists of Fermilab and performed important work with visible light photon counters and other detectors for particle physics .
Sabiha Al Khemir or Sabiha Khemir ( born 1959 ) is a Tunisian writer , illustrator , and expert in Islamic art whose work is concerned with cultural bridging and cultural dialogues .
Alessandro Lambruschini ( born 7 January 1965 ) is an Italian former long - distance runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase Lambruschini participated at three editions of the Summer Olympics ( 1988 , 1992 , 1996 ) , he has 40 caps in national team from 1985 to 1998 .
Lee Yoo - jin ( born 8 January 1977 ) is a South Korean actress and TV host .
Sarah McIntyre ( born 1975 ) is a British - American illustrator and writer of children 's books and comics .
Václav Kotal ( born 2 October 1952 ) is a Czech former football player and current manager , in charge of FC Zbrojovka Brno .
Nicholas Bawlf ( 15 July 1849 -- 26 December 1914 ) was an important figure in the development of Winnipeg as the centre of the Canadian grain trade .
Clare Hollingworth ( born 10 October 1911 ) is a British journalist and author who is noted as the first war correspondent to report the outbreak of World War II .
Francesco Nappi ( 1565 -- 1630s ) was an Italian painter , mainly recalled for his decorative frescoes in a Mannerist style .
Tsewang Dolkar Khangkar ( born 1959 in Kyirong , Tibet ) is exiled in India , is a doctor of Traditional Tibetan medicine .
Tim Samuels ( born 3 October 1975 ) is a documentary filmmaker and broadcaster .
Jake Webster ( born 29 October 1983 in Melbourne , Australia ) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Castleford Tigers of Super League .
Matt Kindt ( born 1973 ) is an American comic book writer , artist and graphic designer .
Stephen Brookfield ( born 1949 in Liverpool , England ) is a scholar in adult education who holds the John Ireland Endowed Chair at the University of St. Thomas in Minneapolis - St . Paul , Minnesota .
Terry Dunn ( born May 6 , 1953 ) was the head men 's basketball coach at Dartmouth College from 2004 through January 9 , 2010 , when he resigned his position .
Sylvain Guillot ( born 1972 ) is a French jockey .
Nils Johannes Sejersted ( 17 October 1865 -- 19 September 1921 ) was a Norwegian military officer and director .
Faouzi Ghoulam ( Arabic : فوزي غلام ; born 1 February 1991 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays for S.S.C. Napoli in Serie A and the Algerian national team .
Filippo Neviani ( born 6 January 1972 ) , known by his stage name Nek , is an Italian musician and singer - songwriter .
Michael Papadjanian , or Mikayel ( 1868 in Yerevan , Armenia -- 1929 in Tiflis , Soviet Union ) was a member of Armenian national liberation movement who studied law at Rostov , Odessa and St Petersburg , and had a practice as a barrister at Baku .
Rosie Rowell ( born 29 April 1965 ) is a British actress , probably best known for her roles as Eileen Callan in Family Affairs ( a role she played from 2003 until the series ended in 2005 ) and Donna Tucker in Soldier Soldier .
Naresh Chander Chaturvedi ( born 30 April 1928 , Farrukhabad , Uttar Pradesh ) is a writer and poet , predominantly writing in Hindi language .
Herbert Spencer Gasser ( 5 July 1888 -- 11 May 1963 ) was an American physiologist , and recipient of the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1944 for his work with action potentials in nerve fibers while on the faculty of Washington University in St. Louis , awarded jointly with Joseph Erlanger .
Bruce Paige ( born 10 November 1948 ) is a newsreader in Brisbane , Australia .
Adrian Dale ( born 24 October 1968 ) is a former South African cricketer , right - handed batsman , and right - arm medium - pace bowler who scored over 12,500 first - class runs and took over 200 first - class wickets .
Eric Chasalow ( born 1955 ) is an American composer of acoustic and electronic music .
Domingo Lejona ( born 2 February 1938 ) is an Argentine former footballer .
Peter Cowie ( born 24 December 1939 ) is a film historian and author of more than thirty books on film .
Carl Freedman ( born 1965 ) is the founder of Carl Freedman Gallery ( formerly Counter Gallery ) .
Haimanti Sukla ( Bengali : হৈমন্তী শুক্লা ) ( born 2 February 1949 ) is a Bengali singer .
Charles Berkeley , 2nd Earl of Berkeley PC KB FRS ( 8 April 1649 -- 24 September 1710 ) , was a British nobleman and diplomat , known as Sir Charles Berkeley from 1661 to 1679 and styled Viscount Dursley from 1679 to 1698 .
Gary Lewin ( born 16 May 1964 ) is the current permanent first - team physiotherapist for the England national football team .
Simon Garlick ( born 10 April 1975 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played between 1994 and 2004 .
Vasil Lobzhanidze ( Georgian : ვასილ ლობჟანიძე ; born 14 October 1996 ) is a Georgian Rugby Union player .
Lukyamuzi Bashir ( or Badi)(born 7 December 1986 ) is a Ugandan music director , film director and producer .
Jaason Simmons ( born 12 July 1970 ) is an Australian actor best known for the role of Logan Fowler on the TV series Baywatch .
Ibrahim Camejo Sayas ( also Ibrain Camejo Zayas , born 28 June 1982 ) is a Cuban long jumper .
Edmond Beales was the son of Samuel Pickering Beales , a merchant of Newnham , Cambridgeshire and was born 3 July 1803 .
Rowan Sawers ( born 19 October 1954 ) is a former Australian rules football umpire and current Australian Football League Umpires ' Coach .
Amiya Kumar Bagchi ( born 1936 ) is a distinguished Indian political economist .
Natascha Janakieva Petrova ( alternate listings : Natasha Petrova , Natasha Yanakieva , born 19 March 1951 ) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1970s to the early 1980s .
Stephen Marcus ( born Stephen Mark Scott ; 18 June 1962 ) is a British actor , best known for his role as Nick the Greek in the film Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .
Bálint Virág ( born 1973 ) is a Hungarian mathematician working in Canada , known for his work in probability theory , particularly determinantal processes , random matrix theory , and random walks and other probabilistic questions on groups .
Perry Millward ( born 24 October 1992 ) is an English actor primarily known for his work on stage ( especially in London 's West End ) , and with a number of film and television credits .
Daryn Smit ( born 28 January 1984 ) is a South African cricketer and captain for the Dolphins .
Dana Telsey ( born 1962 ( age 52 - -53 ) in New York City , New York ) is the CEO and Chief Research Officer of Telsey Advisory Group .
Flossie M Byrd ( born 1927 ) was an economist , and the first African American woman to be elected president of one of Texas 's `` first class '' public institutions of higher education , Prairie View A&M University .
Butterford Wong ( Chinese : 黃黃油福特 ; born 2 December 1987 ) is a Canto - Pop singer from Hong Kong .
Jean Hubeau ( 22 June 1917 -- 19 August 1992 ) was a French pianist , composer and pedagogue known especially for his recordings of Gabriel Fauré , Robert Schumann and Paul Dukas , which are recognized as benchmark versions .
Pierre Henry ( born 9 December 1927 ) is a French composer , considered a pioneer of the musique concrète genre of electronic music .
Stephen Greif ( born 26 August 1944 ) is an English actor known for his roles as Travis in Blake 's 7 , Harry Fenning in three series of Citizen Smith , Signor Donato in Casanova and Commander John Shepherd in Shoot On Sight .
Nikola Kalinić ( born 5 January 1988 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Fiorentina and for the Croatian national team .
Arne Nyberg ( 20 June 1913 - -12 August 1970 ) was a Swedish football striker born in Säffle .
Richard Anthony Jefferson ( born 1956 ) is an American - born molecular biologist and social entrepreneur who developed the widely used reporter gene system GUS , conducted the world 's first biotech crop release , proposed the Hologenome theory of evolution , pioneered Biological Open Source and founded The Lens .
Deborah Abela ( born 13 October 1966 in Sydney ) is an Australian author of children 's books , most notably the Max Remy , Super Spy series .
Dan Hunt ( born 8 September 1986 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian retired rugby league player who played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the National Rugby League competition .
Josimar Higino Pereira ( born 19 September 1961 ) , more commonly known as Josimar , is a Brazilian former footballer .
Carmen Lebbos ( Arabic : كارمن لبّس‎ , born 1963 ) is a Lebanese actress who has been working in film , television and the theater since 1981 .
Joanne Meschery ( born 1941 in Gorman , Texas ) is an American fiction writer .
Hristo Silyanov ( 1880 in Istanbul , Ottoman Empire -- 1939 in Sofia , Bulgaria ) ( Bulgarian : Христо Силянов ) was a Bulgarian revolutionary , historian and memoirist .
Besart Veseli ( born 24 September 1992 in Mitrovicë ) is a Kosovar - Albanian footballer who plays for KF Kosova Vushtrri Style of Play also known as a new Cristiano Ronaldo who has an amazing technique and dribling skills ``
Richard Fung ( born 1954 ) is a video artist , writer , public intellectual and theorist who currently lives and works in Toronto , Ontario .
Owen Sheers ( born 20 September 1974 ) is a Welsh poet , author , playwright and TV presenter .
Yang Naimei ( Chinese : 楊耐梅 ; 1904 -- December 27 , 1960 ) was an actress of China 's silent film era .
Shahla Lahiji ( born 1942 ) ( Persian : شهلا لاهیجی‎ ) is an Iranian writer , publisher , translator , and director of Roshangaran , a prominent publishing house on women 's issues .
Ivan Pravilov ( Ukrainian : Іван Правілов ; January 1963 -- February 10 , 2012 ) was a Ukrainian ice hockey coach .
Alec Cobbe ( born 1945 ) is an Irish designer , artist , musical instrument collector and decorator .
Sammy Stopford ( born April 1956 ) is a professional ballroom dancer and teacher , and winner of the Professional International Latin American Dance Championship .
Frederik Lauesen ( born 10 November 1972 ) is a Danish TV presenter , who has been head of sport for the Danish channel TV 2 since September 2008 .
Fritz Wintersteller ( born 21 October 1927 ) is an Austrian mountaineer who made the first ascent of Broad Peak together with Hermann Buhl , Kurt Diemberger , and Marcus Schmuck in 1957 .
Cameron Meyer ( born 11 January 1988 ) is an Australian professional racing cyclist , riding for UCI ProTeam Team Dimension - Data
Dániel Gyurta ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈdaːniɛl ˈɟurtɒ ) ; born 4 May 1989 ) is a Hungarian competitive swimmer who mainly competes in the 200-metre breaststroke .
Kofi Ansah ( 1951 - 3 May 2014 ) was an award - winning Ghanaian fashion designer , who was a pioneer in promoting modern African styles and design on the international stage .
Catherine Shirriff is a Canadian actress , born sometime in 1941 .
Simon Franglen ( born 1963 , Westminster , London , England ) is an English composer , record producer , arranger and musician .
Alois Seyfried was born in Brunn am Gebirge ( Austria ) on 27 May 1856 to father Franz and mother Caroline née Herger .
Zenón Rolón ( 25 June 1856 -- 13 May 1902 ) was an Afro Argentine musician and composer .
The Duke of Iron ( born Cecil Anderson , 1906 -- 1968 ) was a calypsonian , nightclub and concert entertainer , and recording artist from the 1930s through the 1960s .
Davide Bagnacani ( born 8 January 1980 ) is a former Italian football .
Vinayak Sasikumar ( born 13 June 1994 ) is an Indian lyricist , best known for his compositions in Malayalam cinema , with films such as Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi , North 24 Kaatham , 7th Day ( film ) , and Sapthamashree Thaskaraha : .
Thomas Garner ( 1839 - -1906 ) was one of the leading English Gothic revival architects of the Victorian era .
Alan Rothwell ( born 9 February 1937 ) is an English actor and television presenter .
Madalena Barbosa ( 1942 -- February 21 , 2008 ) was the founder of the Movement for the Liberation of Women ( Movimento de Libertação das Mulheres ) , in April 1974 , created to `` fight for the right to equality of opportunity without discrimination of gender '' .
Giacinto Macripodari ( Greek : Υάκινθος Μακρυποδάρης , Hungarian : Jácint Ferenc Makripodári , Latin : Hyacinthus Macripodarius , Moldovan : Giacinto Ischiota c. 1610 -- 1672 ) , O.P. was a 17th - century Greek scholar and Dominican friar .
Kalifa Cissé ( born 9 January 1984 ) is a Malian professional footballer who plays for Bangkok United as a defensive midfielder or centre - half .
Zvi Segal ( Hebrew : צבי סגל‎ , 1901 - -1965 ) was a Revisionist Zionist activist and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence .
Sir Francis Freeling , 1st Baronet FSA ( 25 August 1764 -- 10 July 1836 ) , was Secretary of HM General Post Office .
Plamen Dimov ( Bulgarian : Пламен Димов ; born 29 October 1990 ) is a Bulgarian football defender who currently plays for FC Shakhter Karagandy in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Louise de Bourbon ( 2 February 1603 -- 9 September 1637 ) called Mademoiselle de Soissons was the wife of Henri d'Orléans , Duke of Longueville .
Jason Garrity ( born 9 November 1993 ) is an English motorcycle speedway rider who won the British Under-19 Championship and the National League Riders Championship in 2011 .
Johan Fridtjuv Berg ( 20 March 1851 - 29 February 1916 ) was a Swedish libertarian , school teacher and book author .
Cyrus Tang ( Chinese : 唐仲英 ; born 1930 in Suzhou , China ) is a Chinese - born American businessman and philanthropist who has holdings in steel , pharmaceutical and furniture .
Beverly Page Yates ( 1811 - -1883 ) was an American - Liberian politician who served as the Vice President of Liberia from 1856 to 1860 under President Stephen Allen Benson .
Jüri Luik ( born 17 August 1966 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian diplomat and former politician .
Chinedu Okoli ( born 23 November 1983 ) , better known by his stage name Flavour N'abania or simply Flavour , is a Nigerian singer , songwriter , multi - instrumentalist and performer .
Ed Di Lello ( born 1952 ) is a former American composer , choreographer , director , dancer , and actor who worked in the United States during the 1970s and 1980s .
Kenneth Barry Mealand ( 24 January 1943 -- 2 April 2013 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a right back .
James Lasdun ( born 1958 ) is a British writer who has lived in the United States since 1986 .
Peter Snow , CBE ( born 20 April 1938 ) is a British radio and television presenter and historian .
Mário Vieira de Carvalho ( Coimbra , 7 October 1943 ) is a Portuguese musicologist and author .
Friedrich Wilhelm Eduard Kasimir Dietrich von Saucken ( 16 May 1892 -- 27 September 1980 ) was a general in the German army during World War II . Wounded in the Battle of Moscow , he commanded the 4th Panzer Division at Kursk , before becoming acting commander of the III . Panzer Corps in June 1944 .
Eugene Botkin , also Yevgeny Sergeyevich Botkin ( Russian : Евге́ний Серге́евич Бо́ткин ; 27 March 1865 -- 17 July 1918 ) was the court physician for Tsar Nicholas II and Tsarina Alexandra and , while in exile with the family , sometimes treated the hemophilia - related complications of the Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia .
David Paisley ( born 2 February 1979 ) is a Scottish actor , especially well known for roles as midwife Ben Saunders in Holby City , Ryan Taylor in Tinsel Town and most recently Rory Murdoch in River City .
Andrea Berg ( born 28 January 1966 ) is a German singer in the schlager genre .
Milo Sperber ( 20 March 1911 -- 22 December 1992 ) was a Polish - born English actor , director , and writer .
Günther Stranner ( born 26 April 1967 ) is an Austrian former ski jumper who competed from 1984 to 1991 .
Robert Peter Aguilar ( born 1931 ) is a former United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and is currently a California attorney in private practice .
Junior Roqica pronounced Rong - itha ( born 13 February 1991 ) is an Fijian Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks of the National Rugby League .
Reed Seifer ( born 1973 ) is an artist working in New York , NY .
Allan Trautman ( born 1955 ) is an actor and puppeteer .
Maria Giovanna Elmi ( born 25 August 1940 ) is an Italian former television announcer , presenter , journalist , actress and singer .
Katharine Waldo Douglas , CBE , ( 1870 -- April 7 , 1939 ) was an American novelist and translator .
Carl Heldmann ( born 1942 ) is an American author , home builder , and construction loan consultant .
Rudolf Stussi ( born 1947 ) is a Swiss - born painter , animator and illustrator based in Toronto , Canada .
Vijay Kumar Chopra ( Hindi : विजय कुमार चोपड़ा ) ( born 31 January 1932 , Lahore ) is the chief executive officer and editor in chief of the Punjab Kesari print news organisation .
Walther Wenck ( 18 September 1900 -- 1 May 1982 ) was the youngest general in the German Army and a highly experienced staff officer during World War II . At the end of the war , he commanded the German Twelfth Army .
J. Benibengor Blay ( born 1915 ) was a Ghanaian journalist , writer , publisher and politician , who has been called `` the father of popular writing in Ghana '' .
Sergei Konstantinovich Gershelman ( Russian : Серге́й Константинович Гершельман , Sergey Konstantinovich Gershelman ; 26 June 1854 -- 17 October 1910 ) , last name also spelled Hershelman , was a Imperial Russian Army general , who fought in the Russo - Japanese War and served as the Governor - General of Moscow .
Maurice Fenelon ( 1834 -- January 31 , 1897 ) was an Irish - born educator , merchant and political figure in Newfoundland .
Atossa Leoni ( 1977- ) is an actress who has been working internationally in film , television and theater since childhood .
Joyce Nakamura Okazaki ( born 1935 ) is an American citizen of Japanese heritage who was forcibly removed with her family from their Los Angeles home and placed in the Manzanar War Relocation camp in 1942 .
Nina van Koeckhoven ( born 6 October 1983 ) is a Belgian freestyle swimmer and triathlete .
Shaun Greenhalgh ( born 1961 ) is a British art forger .
Kex Gorin ( born Kevin Gorin , 1 January 1949 , in Birmingham - 21 December 2007 ) , was a British drummer .
Diane Stein ( born 1948 ) is a feminist , Wiccan , a Reiki practitioner , and an author .
Jeffrey Jeturian ( born 1959 ) is a Filipino director and production designer for both television and film .
Fulvio Rocchi ( born 7 August 1909 ) was an Argentine sports shooter .
Kang Soo - il ( Hangul : 강수일 ; born 15 July 1987 ) is a Korean footballer who currently plays for Jeju United in the K League Classic .
Silvia Hollmann - Schieck ( born 13 May 1955 in Menden ( Sauerland ) , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a retired West German hurdler .
Raghunath Vithal Khedkar ( born 1873 , Bombay ) was an Indian surgeon .
Arthur Agatston ( born 1947 ) is an American cardiologist best known as the developer of the South Beach Diet , but also the author of many published scholarly papers in the field of noninvasive cardiac diagnostics .
Lazım Esmaeili ( also `` Lazem '' ) ( 1945 - -28 January 1995 ) was a Kurdish Iranian spy operating in Turkey , who was found tortured and shot dead by unknown persons in Istanbul .
Georgie Glen ( born 20 April 1956 ) is a Scottish actress , best known for her stage and television work .
Frank Murud ( born 23 December 1955 ) is a former chief of real estate in the city administration of Oslo , who became notorious for the embezzlement of ca .
Maharaja Shri Chamaraja Wodeyar VII Bahadur ( 1704 - 1734 ) or Chamaraja Wodeyar VII , was Raja of Mysore ( r.1732 - 1734 ) .
Manila Flamini ( 18 September 1987 ) is an Italian synchronized swimmer .
Laura Owens ( born 1970 , Euclid , Ohio ) is an American painter who emerged in the late 1990s .
Armin Aberle ( born 13 December 1960 ) is an Australian - German semiconductor scientist and full professor at the National University of Singapore in the field of photovoltaics and solar energy , particularly thin film solar cells .
Sébastien Corchia ( born 1 November 1990 ) is a French footballer who plays for French club Lille in Ligue 1.He is a French youth international having represented his nation at under-17 , under-18 , and under-19 and plays on the under-21 team .
Ioannis Kokkodis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Κοκκώδης ; born 8 January 1981 ) is a retired Greek swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 2002 European Aquatics Championships .
Ned Goodwin ( born 15 April 1969 ) is an English - born Australian - raised Master of Wine .
David A. Kolb ( born 1939 ) is an American educational theorist whose interests and publications focus on experiential learning , the individual and social change , career development , and executive and professional education .
Libby Titus ( born Elizabeth Jurist , 6 July 1947 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actor , and concert producer .
Claus Christian Gulmann ( born 1942 ) is a Danish judge , Advocate General and Judge at the European Court of Justice .
Ebenezer Landells ( Newcastle 1808 -- 1 October 1860 London ) was an English wood - engraver , illustrator , and magazine proprietor .
Anthony Chemut ( born 17 December 1992 ) is a Kenyan middle distance runner that specialises in the 800 metres .
Nathaniel Gubbins ( 1893 - -1976 ) , born Norman Gubbins , was a British journalist and humourist .
Sharin Anderson ( born 26 October 1959 ) is an Australian singer , guitarist , songwriter , and artist from the outer northern suburbs of Melbourne .
Levy Matebo Omari ( born 3 November 1989 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who competes mainly in marathon races .
Lucy van Dael ( born in 1946 ) is a Dutch baroque violinist and member of the faculty of the Amsterdam Conservatory .
Asha Philip ( born 25 October 1990 ) is an English sprinter and former junior gymnast specialising in mini - trampoline .
Edward Fella ( born 1938 ) is an American graphic designer , artist and educator .
Flávio Alex Valêncio ( better known just as Flavinho ; born 27 July 1983 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for CRB in the Série B. He formerly played for the Brazilian club Grêmio Barueri in the Campeonato Paulista and the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A and Neftchi Baku in the Azerbaijan Premier League
Massimo Barbolini ( born 29 August 1964 ) is an Italian volleyball coach .
George Tuka or Heorhiy / Georgiy Tuka ( Ukrainian : Георгій Борисович Тука ; born 24 November 1963 ) is a Ukrainian politician and activist .
Gina Ford ( born c. 1960 ) is the bestselling author of childcare books in the United Kingdom and a former maternity nurse who has cared for over 300 babies during her career .
Oliver Koenig ( born 31 January 1981 ) is a German sprinter and long jumper .
Cristina Sandu ( born 4 March 1990 ) is a Romanian athlete who competes in the long jump and the triple jump .
Jonathan Michie ( born 25 March 1957 , London , England ) is a British economist and holds the joint post of Director of the Department for Continuing Education , and President of Kellogg College , University of Oxford , where he is Professor of Innovation & Knowledge Exchange .
Kristof Vandewalle ( born 5 April 1985 ) is a professional Belgian road cyclist , who rides with Trek--
Herbert Noel Hollingdale ( 1911 - 2000 ) was a rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League competition .
Mehmet Bekaroğlu ( born in 1954 ) is a Turkish human rights activist , a scientist , professor , a psychiatrist , a writer , and a politician of Laz origin .
Spinvis is a Dutch one - man project centred on Erik de Jong ( born 2 February 1961 , Spijkenisse ) .
Bruce Ashmore ( born c. 1959 in Cambridge , England ) is a race car designer who designed and developed 11 championship winning IndyCars with two different race car manufacturers , first with Lola Cars and then with Reynard Motorsports .
Paul Esposti ( born 1 November 1972 ) is a Welsh racing cyclist , from Cardiff , Wales .
Angelos Roufos ( Greek : Άγγελος Ρούφος , born 1852 ) was a Greek politician from Achaea .
Vincenzo Spampinato ( born in 1953 ) is an Italian pop - rock singer - songwriter , composer and lyricist .
Ergün Poyraz ( born 31 January 1963 ) is a best - selling and prolific Turkish author known for his controversial books about the ruling Justice and Development Party , the Islamic preacher Fethullah Gülen , and people associated with them .
Souren Bose ( born 25 June 1924 ) was one of the leading figures in the Naxalite movement in India .
James Basire ( 1730 - -1802 ) , also known as James Basire Sr . , was an English engraver .
Mark Hales ( born 7 November 1950 ) is a British auto racing driver and instructor .
James Russell McCoy ( 4 September 1845 -- 14 February 1924 ) served as Magistrate of the British Overseas Territory of Pitcairn Island 7 times , between 1870 and 1904 .
Lieven De Cauter ( Koolskamp , 1959 ) is a Belgian philosopher , art historian , writer , and activist based in Brussels .
Genovaitė Ramoškienė ( née Šidagytė on 12 May 1945 ) is a retired Lithuanian rower .
Frederick Graham ( born 29 November 1964 ) , who writes under the name Cork Graham , is an American author of political thriller novels and adventure memoirs .
Colin Prockter ( born 4 June 1946 ) is an actor and TV writer who has appeared on many TV series and films since the 1960s .
Harshad Arora ( born 3 September 1987 ) is an Indian model and television actor .
Jacob Weitering ( born 23 November 1997 ) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Levan Tediashvili ( Georgian : ლევან თედიაშვილი ; born 15 March 1948 in Gegmoubani , Georgian SSR ) is a former Soviet ( Georgian ) wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling in 1972 and 1976 .
Suhaimi Yusof ( born 1969 ) is a Singaporean actor , comedian , entertainer and radio personality , known for playing exaggerated Malay stereotype characters and for his spontaneity .
Darko Damjanovski ( Macedonian : Дарко Дамјановски , born 15 July 1981 ) is a Macedonian biathlete and cross - country skier who has competed since 1999 and 2005 , respectively .
Lake Sagaris ( born 1956 in Montreal ) is a Canadian journalist , poet and translator who lives in Chile .
Richard Sinnott ( born 5 June 1963 ) is a professional actor , writer and director based in Manchester .
Ike Landvoigt ( born 19 September 1973 ) is a retired German rower who won a gold and a silver medal in the eights at the world championships of 1995 and 1998 , respectively .
Denho Acar ( born 1974 in Midyat ) , also known as Dano and Djingis Khan , is a Turkish mobster of Assyrian / Syriac descent and founder of the Swedish crime syndicate Original Gangsters .
Sally Ellis ( born 17 May 1958 ) is an English long - distance road and cross - country runner .
Eliza Berkeley ( née Frinsham ; 1734 - -1800 ) was an English author .
Leon Mestel ( born 5 August 1927 ) is a British astronomer and astrophysicist and Emeritus Professor at the University of Sussex .
JD Miller ( born 1953 ) is a contemporary painter known for his 3-D technique of oil paint application .
Geoff Garin ( born 1953 ) is an American pollster , who served as co - chief strategist for the latter part of Senator Hillary Clinton 's 2008 Presidential campaign .
Mary Louise Coulouris ( 17 July 1939 -- 20 December 2011 ) was an American - British artist .
Manuela Ósk Harðardóttir ( born 29 August 1983 ) is an Icelandic beauty queen and a model .
Andy Frain ( born 2 November 1959 ) is an animation producer and the founder & managing director of Touchwood Animation Ltd.
Peter Sjögren ( born in 1983 ) is a Swedish floorball player ( goalkeeper ) who is ranked as the best goalie in the world .
Ginevra Sforza ( 1440 -- 16 May 1507 ) was the wife and counselor of Giovanni II Bentivoglio , lord of Bologna .
Diana Mary Villiers Negroponte ( born 1947 ) is an English - born American trade lawyer and adjunct professor of law at Fordham University whose professional name is Diana Villiers Negroponte .
Mabel Beardsley ( 24 August 1871 - 8 May 1916 ) was an English Victorian actress , and elder sister of the famous illustrator , Aubrey Beardsley , who according to her brother 's biographer , `` achieved mild notoriety for her exotic and flamboyant appearance '' .
James Cromar Watt ( 14 July 1862 -- 19 November 1940 ) was a Scottish artist , architect and jeweller .
Xu Jiayu ( born 19 August 1995 ) is a Chinese competitive swimmer , swimming backstroke .
Christopher Phiri ( born 26 May 1975 ) is a Zimbabwean former List A cricketer .
Lynn Colliar ( born 22 November 1967 in St. Andrews ) is a Canadian television anchor .
Omar Ali - Shah ( Hindi : ओमर अली शाह , Urdu : عمر علی شاہ‎ ; 1922 -- 7 September 2005 ) was a prominent exponent of modern Naqshbandi Sufism who lived from 1922 to 2005 .
Chris DeWolfe ( born 1966 ) is an American entrepreneur , and one of the creators of Myspace ( along with Tom Anderson ) , of which he is also the former CEO .
Paul Krewer ( 10 June 1906 -- 2000 ) was a German professional cyclist who won two silver and one bronze medals at the UCI Motor - paced World Championships in 1927 , 1929 and 1934 .
Johnson Lee ( Chinese : 李思捷 , born 11 April 1974 ) is a Hong Kong TVB actor and celebrity impersonator .
Anthony Robin Ellis ( born 8 January 1942 ) is an English actor best known for his role as Captain Ross Poldark in 29 episodes of the BBC classic series Poldark , adapted from a series of books by the late British author Winston Graham .
Marcin Ciesielski ( born 12 August 1976 in Inowrocław ) is a Polish footballer ( goalkeeper ) who plays for Goplania Inowrocław .
The Ven John Ryves ( 1593- 1665 ) was Archdeacon of Berkshire from 1634 until his death .
Gyula Kádár ( 16 December 1898 - 14 March 1982 ) was a Hungarian military officer who was the head of the Hungarian military intelligence from August 1943 until the occupation of Hungary by Nazi German forces during World War II . From 1912 to 1916 he studied at the Royal Hungarian Military High School , in Sopron .
Warrick Brownlow - Pike ( born 28 January 1985 ) is a British puppeteer .
Vivian Adelberg Rudow ( born 1936 ) is an American composer , performance artist , conductor and concert producer .
Radovan Fuchs ( born 5 September 1953 ) is a Croatian scientist and former Minister of Science , Education and Sport .
Eilert Waldemar Preben Ramm ( 4 May 1769 -- 15 March 1837 ) was a Norwegian military officer and representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly in 1814 .
Sushila Chanu Pukhrambam ( born 25 February 1992 ) is an Indian field hockey player and is the current captain of Indian women 's junior field hockey team .
Arvid E. Gillstrom ( 13 August 1889 -- 21 May 1935 ) , was a Swedish film director and screenwriter .
Nicklas Nygren ( born 6 January 1983 ) , better known by the handle `` Nifflas '' , is a Swedish video game developer .
William Earl Lynd ( January 1955 -- May 6 , 2008 in Jackson , Georgia ) was an American murderer .
Bryan Kneale RA ( born 19 June 1930 ) is a Manx artist and sculptor , described by BBC News Online as `` one of the Isle of Man 's best known artists . ''
Rino Della Negra ( 18 August 1923 -- 21 February 1944 ) was a French footballer who was active in the Resistance during World War Two .
Dirar Abu Seesi or Abu Sisi ( Arabic : ضرار أبو سيسي‎ ; born in 1969 in Jordan ) was a Deputy Engineer for the Gaza Strip 's sole electrical plant , which provides 25 % of Gaza 's power , Israel alleges that he is a Hamas weapons engineer .
Bernard Caleo ( born Melbourne , 20 May 1968 ) is a Melbourne - based Australia comic artist , comic book editor , performer , and presenter .
Henning Stensrud ( born 20 August 1977 ) is a Norwegian former ski jumper who debuted with the Norwegian World Cup team in 1996 .
Daniel Fitter ( born in Worcestershire , England , 1628 ; died at St. Thomas ' Priory , near Stafford , 6 Feb. , 1700 ) was an English Catholic clergyman who was affected by but managed to navigate his way through the religious strife of the late seventeenth century .
Robert Lelangue ( born 4 February 1940 ) is a retired Belgian cyclist who was active between 1958 and 1969 .
Adityawarman was born around 1294 - -1310 in Trowulan , East Java , the capital of the kingdom of Majapahit , as recorded in the poem of Pararaton .
Gonzalo Aguirre Ramírez ( born 1940 ) is a Uruguayan politician , lawyer and newspaper columnist .
David Montejano ( born 1948 ) is an American sociologist and historian .
Jessica Hammond ( born 28 November 1994 ) is an Irish singer songwriter .
Mick Schumacher ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmɪk ˈʃuːmaxɐ ) ; born 22 March 1999 ) is a German racing driver .
Nemanja Tubić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Тубић ; born 8 April 1984 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who is currently playing for Haugesund .
Doug Ralph ( 10 July 1948 -- 24 February 2015 ) was an Australian historian , environmentalist and activist .
Michael McCrudden ( born 31 July 1991 ) is a footballer from Northern Ireland , who currently plays for Institute .
Bruce Beresford ( born 16 August 1940 ) is an Australian film director who has made more than 30 feature films over a 50-year career .
Elena Miramova ( pronounced Yell - AH - na Mee - RAH - mova ; 27 May 1901 -- 8 July 1992 ) was a Russian - born actress and playwright .
George Wheatcroft ( 25 December 1799 -- 17 August 1860 ) was an English cricketer with possibly amateur status who was active from 1831 to 1844 .
Sir Thomas William Shakespeare , 3rd Baronet ( born 11 May 1966 ) , better known as Tom Shakespeare , is an English sociologist and broadcaster .
Jamil Sahid Mohamed Khalil ( born 1936 in Freetown , Sierra Leone ) was a Lebanese - Sierra Leonean businessman and diamond tycoon who made millions of dollars in the diamond trade , fisheries , tourism and an airline .
Tracey Richardson ( born on 26 October 1982 , Hornchurch , Essex , England ) is a British diver .
Martin McNamara ( born 11 November 1966 ) is a famous Gaelic footballer from Corofin , County Galway .
Hosbet Suresh ( born 20 July 1929 ) is a former judge of the Bombay High Court who has led a number of commissions that investigated violations of human rights .
Noman Çelebicihan ( Numan Çelebi Cihan ) ( 1885 - -1918 ) was a Crimean Tatar politician , lawyer , Mufti of Crimean Muslims , and writer .
Professor Henrik Verder ( born 1942 ) is a pediatrician and the inventor of the INSURE ( Intubation Surfactant Extubation ) method combined with nasal CPAP ( Continuous Positive Airway Pressure ) .
Sun Xianhong was born in Inner Mongolia in 1962 , and received his bachelor 's degree from Shanxi Mining College in July 1985 .
Erhan Kartal ( born 1 March 1993 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a right - back for Şanlıurfaspor .
Air Chief Marshal Sir David Harcourt - Smith GBE , KCB , DFC ( born 14 October 1931 ) is a former Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding - in - Chief at RAF Support Command .
Michael Schjønberg Christensen ( born 19 January 1967 ) is a Danish Association football manager , club official , and former player , is currently a manager without a job .
Pik - Sen Lim ( Chinese : 林碧笙 , born 15 September 1944 ) is a Malaysian - Chinese - British actress who has appeared on British television since the 1960s .
Mary Angeline Teresa McCrory , O.Carm . , ( 21 January 1893 -- 21 January 1984 ) , was an Ulster - born immigrant to the United States .
John Gordon Purvis Jr. ( born 1942 ) is man who spent nine years in prison for a murder he did not commit .
Azerin ( Azerbaijani : Azərin ) ( born 9 May 1971 , Baku ) is an Azerbaijani singer and senior lieutenant .
Jeremy Summers ( born 1931 in St Albans ) is a retired British television director and film director , best known for his directorship of ITC productions in the 1960s and 1970s , most notably The Saint .
Geoff Holder was born in Cardiff , Wales in 1958 , and grew up within the city , before later relocating to Perthshire .
Len Gaynor ( born 1944 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing - back for the Tipperary senior hurling team .
Basant Kumar Birla ( born 4 February 1921 ) is an Indian businessman of the Birla family .
Kolbjørn Fjeld ( 4 June 1901 -- 4 May 1978 ) was a Norwegian librarian and publisher .
Amanda Douge ( born December 1976 ) is an Australian actress , best known from a range of television and feature film roles .
Pesamino Taputai ( born 20 March 1949 ) was the president of the Territorial Assembly of Wallis and Futuna , a French territory in the Pacific Ocean , from April 11 to December 11 , 2007 .
Janko Tumbasević ( Cyrillic : Jaнкo Tумбaceвић ; born 14 January 1985 ) is a Montenegrin football player who plays for Spartak Subotica .
Tanios El Khoury ( born on 4 May 1930 in Saghbine , Lebanon ) is an emeritus eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Sidon .
Zeba Kohli ( born 19 February 1966 ) is an Indian chocolatier , philanthropist and entrepreneur .
Fred Begay ( July 2 , 1932 - April 30 , 2013 ) , also Fred Young or Clever Fox , was a Navajo / Ute nuclear physicist .
Mons Lid ( 8 April 1896 -- 3 March 1967 ) was Norwegian Minister of Finance in 1955 - 1956 .
Iain Fairley ( born 29 August 1973 ) is a rugby union player who made three appearances for the Scotland national rugby union team .
Charles Enderby ( 1798 - -1876 ) was one of three sons of Samuel Enderby Junior ( 1756 - 1829 ) .
Terry Sylvester ( born 8 January 1947 ) was the English guitarist / singer with The Escorts , The Swinging Blue Jeans ( 1966 - -69 ) and The Hollies .
Odhavram ( 1889 - -1957 ) was an Indian religious teacher and a follower of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi .
Peter Verhelst ( 28 January 1962 ) is a Belgian Flemish novelist , poet and dramatist .
Mustafa Cüneyd Düzyol ( born 1964 ) is a Turkish academic and civil servant who served as the Minister of Development in the interim election government led by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu between 22 September and 17 November 2015 .
Jalmari Helander ( born 21 July 1976 , Helsinki ) is a Finnish screenwriter and film director .
John Lewis Phipps ( 1801 - -1870 ) , of Leighton House , Westbury , Wiltshire , was a Brazil merchant , briefly Conservative MP for Westbury ( 1868 ) and High Sheriff of Wiltshire ( 1864 ) .
Dag Coward ( 1910 - -2000 ) was a Norwegian Economist who served as the fourth rector of the Norwegian School of Economics ( NHH ) from 1964 - 1972 .
Thomas Harpur ( born 16 May 1944 in Sion Mills , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish former cricketer .
Daron Joffe ( born 1975 ) is a U.S. agribusiness and nonprofit executive who is prominent in the organic farming and biodynamic agriculture movements .
Neil R. Grabois ( born 1935 ) is a mathematician and a former university administrator .
James Morone ( born 1951 ) is an American political scientist and author , noted for his work on health politics and policy and on popular participation and morality in American politics and political development .
Arnold Šimonek ( born 19 September 1990 ) is a Slovak football striker who plays for FK Poprad in the DOXXbet liga .
Nalin Pekgul ( née Baksi ) ( born 1967 ) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician .
Josef Obajdin ( born on 7 November 1970 in Poděbrady ) is a former Czech footballer striker .
Les O'Neill ( born 4 December 1943 ) is an English former professional football player and manager .
Adam of Fulda ( ca . 1445 -- 1505 ) was a German musical author of the second half of the 15th century .
Daniel London ( born 1973 ) is an American actor , best known for his roles in Patch Adams and Rent .
Robert Lacey ( born 3 January 1944 ) is a British historian and biographer .
Pamela Soprani ( born 1987 ) is a Chilean model and a beauty pageant contestant .
Keith Rossiter ( born 16 January 1984 in Oulart , County Wexford ) is an Irish sportsman .
Nella Last ( née Nellie Lord ; 4 October 1889 -- 22 June 1968 ) was a housewife who lived in Barrow - in - Furness , Lancashire , England .
Aaron Shurin ( born 1947 ) is an American poet , essayist , and educator .
Joanna P. Adler ( born 1964 ) is an American actress , known for her roles in Off - Broadway plays .
Paul Chantler ( born 12 October 1959 ) is a radio programming consultant based in the United Kingdom .
Enzo Prono ( born 27 June 1991 ) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for Mexican club Atlante , as a striker .
Sallie Ann Glassman ( born 1954 ) is an American practitioner of Haitian Vodou , a writer , and an artist .
Milla Saari ( née Jauho ; born 10 July 1975 ) is a Finnish former cross country skier who competed from 1994 to 2007 .
Keti Papanika ( Greek : Καίτη Παπανίκα ; born 1942 ) , aka Ketty Papanika or Kaiti Papanika , is a Greek actress .
Louis Lasagna ( 22 Feb 1923 - 6 Aug 2003 ) was an American physician and professor of medicine , known for his revision of the Hippocratic Oath .
William Clere Leonard Brendan Parsons , 7th Earl of Rosse ( known as Brendan ; born 21 October 1936 ) , is an Irish peer .
Moses Leavitt ( 1650 - -1730 ) was an early settler of Exeter , New Hampshire , where he worked as a surveyor .
Dmitri Dovgalenok ( Sometimes listed as Dmitry Dovgalenok , born 14 December 1971 ) , is a Soviet - born Belarusian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s ( decade ) .
Arun Maira ( born 15 August 1943 ) is a management consultant and former member of Planning Commission of India .
Gennaro Tutino ( born 20 August 1996 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B side Bari on loan from Napoli and also represents the Italian U-18 national team .
Christine Cicot ( born 1964 ) is a French judoka , Olympic medalist and world champion .
Martin Plowman ( born 3 October 1987 ) is a British professional racing driver from Tamworth currently competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship for OAK Racing .
Cathy J. Cohen ( born 1962 ) is an American author , feminist and social activist whose work has focused on the African - American experience in politics from a perspective which is underlined by intersectionality .
Michael Davis ( born 1945 ) , best known as Bugsy McGraw , is a retired American professional wrestler .
Bill Mayman ( 1 May 1887 -- 20 April 1970 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Sturt in the South Australian Football League ( SAFL ) .
Wanderley Paiva Monteiro ( born 7 April 1946 ) , commonly known as Wanderley Paiva or as Vanderlei Paiva , is a Brazilian professional football coach and former player .
Svetlana Guskova ( born 19 August 1957 ) is a Moldovan runner who competed for the Soviet Union .
Cankurd , ( born 1948 in Maydan ) , is a contemporary Kurdish poet and writer .
Cornelis Gerard Anton de Kom ( 22 February 1898 -- 24 April 1945 ) was a Surinamese resistance fighter and anti - colonialist author .
Wouter Sybrandy ( born 20 February 1985 ) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist who currently rides for the Nuun - Sigma Sport - London team .
DeBarra Mayo ( born 1953 , Omaha , Nebraska ) is an American health and fitness advocate , writer and media personality .
Walter Sykes George CBE , FRIBA , ARCA , FIIA , FIFA ( 1881 - -1962 ) was an English architect active in India during the first half of the 20th century , most known for being part of the team of architects who designed New Delhi , the new capital of India , from 1911 - 1931 .
Iyad Ag Ghaly was born in 1954 , into a noble family of the Ifogha tribal group ( an influential Tuareg clan in the Kidal region ) .
Kim Yusob ( born 1959 in Gwangju ) is a South Korean artist who lives and works in Berlin , Germany and Seoul , South Korea .
Lars Knutzon ( born 1 October 1941 ) is a Danish actor and director , best known to international audiences for his role in the Danish TV drama Borgen .
Séamus Bannon ( born 1927 ) is an Irish retired sportsman .
Rachel Goswell ( born 16 May 1971 ) is an English singer - songwriter and musician who rose to prominence as vocalist and guitarist of the shoegaze band Slowdive .
Jerzy Antczak ( born 25 December 1929 in Włodzimierz Wołyński ) is a Polish film director .
Frederick Boyle ( 1841 - 1914 ) was an English author , journalist , barrister , and orchid fancier .
Bertha Frensel Wegener - Koopman ( 17 September 1874 , Bloemendaal -- 17 July 1953 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch composer and music educator .
Jimmy Daly ( born 1905 , date of death unknown ) was an Irish football player .
Richard Royston ( 1601 , Oxford -- November 1686 ) was an English bookseller and publisher , bookseller to Charles I , Charles II and James II . Royston , the son of an Oxford tailor Richard Royston and Alice Tideman , was admitted a freeman of the Stationers ' Company in 1627 .
Michael Parkes ( born in 1944 in Sikeston , Missouri ) is an American - born artist living in Spain who is best known for work in the areas of fantasy art and magic realism .
Born in 1947 , Ajahn Candasiri was raised as a Christian in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Pilar Savone ( born June 16 , 1971 ) is a film producer and assistant director .
Sir Frederick Oscar Warren Loomis ( 1870 - -1937 ) enlisted as a private in the Canadian Militia in 1886 and served there until retiring in 1919 .
Bart Cambré ( born 1970 ) is a Belgian organizational theorist , Associate Professor of Business Research Methods and Research director at the Antwerp Management School , and consultant , known for his work on voluntary and temporary organizations .
Christopher Bono ( pronounced /ˈboʊnoʊ/ ) ( born 1979 ) is an American composer , producer , and songwriter .
Hans Henrich Hock ( born September 26 , 1938 ) is Professor Emeritus of Linguistics and Sanskrit at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
Fred D'Ignazio ( born January 6 , 1949 in Bryn Mawr , Pennsylvania ) is an American author , educator , and television commentator .
Richard Marshal , 3rd Earl of Pembroke ( 1191 -- 16 April 1234 ) was the son of William Marshal , 1st Earl of Pembroke and brother of William Marshal , 2nd Earl of Pembroke , whom he succeeded to the Earldom of Pembroke and Lord Marshal of England upon his brother 's death on 6 April 1231 .
Behrouz Rahbar ( Persian : بهروز رهبر‎ , born 23 September 1945 ) is a Iranian former cyclist .
Percy Sutcliffe ( 1889 -- after 1923 ) was an English footballer who made 72 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre half for Darlington and Hartlepools United in the 1920s .
Rens Blom ( born 1 March 1977 ) is a Dutch athlete competing in pole vault .
Vicky Parnov ( born 24 October 1990 in Moscow , Russia ) is an Australian athlete who competes in pole vault .
John M. Puente ( born 1971 ) is a fifth generation Sacramentan currently serving as Vice Chair of the City of Sacramento 's Utilities Rate Advisory Commission .
The Honourable Hugh Hare ( 1668 -- 1707 ) was an English translator and politician .
Leroy S. Bendheim ( February 12 , 1906 -- June 18 , 1987 ) was a two - term mayor of Alexandria , Virginia and three - term Virginia state senator .
Jacques Kosciusco - Morizet ( or Kosciusko ) ( 31 January 1913 -- 15 May 1994 ) was a noted French university professor and diplomat .
John D. Zeglis ( born 1947 ) served as the President of AT&T and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of AT&T Wireless .
Dave Ladley ( born 29 September 1975 ) is an English darts player that competes in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Emma Ihrer ( 3 January 1857 -- 8 January 1911 ) was a German feminist and trade unionist who was active in founding societies to defend the rights of women workers .
Andrew Hacker ( born 1929 ) is an American political scientist and public intellectual .
Georgios Saridakis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Σαριδάκης , born 1885 , date of death unknown ) was a Greek athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metre walk .
Ali Rahmani ( علی رحمانی ) was born in Kashmar ( 25 May 1967 ) .
Sir William Wilde , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1611 -- 23 November 1679 ) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
John McLevy ( born Dundee , Scotland , 2 January 1927 -- 27 November 2002 ) was a Scottish jazz trumpeter .
Pavlos Kontides ( Greek : Παύλος Κοντίδης , born 11 February 1990 ) is a Cypriot sailor .
Souhalia Alamou ( born 31 December 1979 ) is a retired Beninese athlete specialising in the sprinting events .
Reinardt Janse van Rensburg ( born 3 February 1989 ) is a South African professional road bicycle racer who rides for South African UCI Professional Continental team MTN - Qhubeka .
Brian L. Burgess ( born January , 1951 ) is a justice of the Vermont Supreme Court , serving on the high court since 2005 .
Barry May ( born 1 November 1944 ) is a South African - born former English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Oxford University in the early 1970s .
Shlomo Dayan ( Hebrew : שלמה דיין‎ , born 6 November 1952 ) is an Israeli rabbi and former politician .
Mogens Frey Jensen ( born 2 July 1941 ) is a retired Danish amateur cyclist who competed successfully both on the road and on track .
Obo Aba Hisanjani ( 24 November 1949 ) is a Nigerian poet .
Emma Rendel , born 1976 in Uppsala is a Swedish graphic novel author , artist and illustrator who lives and works in Stockholm .
Juan Maeso ( born in 1942 ) is a Spanish anaesthetist infected with hepatitis C who was sentenced to 1,933 years in prison for infecting hundreds of patients with the virus .
Salih Šehović ( born 22 November 1936 ) is a retired Bosnian professional footballer who spent most of his career in FK Sarajevo .
Paolo Malco ( born 10 April 1947 ) is an Italian film actor , best known for his roles in horror films , and later in many Italian TV mini - series .
John Merlo ( 1912 - August 9 , 1992 ) was an American politician , who served for seven terms as an Illinois State Representative , for three years as an Illinois state senator , as well as for two years as a Chicago City Council alderman for Chicago 's 44th Ward .
Shafiul Islam ( Bengali : শফিউল ইসলাম , born 6 October 1989 ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer .
Mary Erskine ( 1629 -- 2 June 1707 ) was a Scottish businesswoman and philanthropist , who donated money to set up the girls ' school which is now known as The Mary Erskine School and also the Trades Maiden Hospital ( now known as the Trades Maiden Fund ) .
Dame Tamsyn Imison , DBE ( b. 1 May 1937 ) was a prominent British educator and `` educational strategist '' whose first career was as a scientific illustrator .
Igor Yevgrafov ( Russian : Игорь Евграфов ; born 1955 ) is a retired Soviet swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 1500 m freestyle event at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships He also won national titles in the same event in 1973 and 1975 and set a European record in the 800 m freestyle in 1975 .
Conor O'Mahony ( born 18 October 1984 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre - back for the Tipperary senior team from 2005 up to 2015 .
Sir John Bourchier , 2nd Earl of Bath , PC ( 1499 in Devon -- 10 February 1560/61 ) was an Earl in the peerage of England .
Constantin Cristescu ( 2 December 1866 -- 9 May 1923 ) was a Romanian General during World War I , and Chief of Staff of the Romanian Army .
Steve J. Langdon ( b. 1948 ) is an American anthropologist noted for his work with the Tlingit people of southeastern Alaska .
Lieutenant - Colonel Francis Cecil Campbell Balfour CIE CVO CBE MC ( 8 December 1884 -- 16 April 1965 ) was a British military officer and colonial administrator .
Chris Geddes ( born 15 October 1975 ) is the keyboardist for and a founding member of the Scottish indie pop band Belle & Sebastian .
Hasan Yousefi Eshkevari ( born 1950 ) is an Iranian cleric , researcher , journalist , reformist and former political prisoner .
Edhem Bičakčić ( c. 1884 -- 31 December 1941 ) was a Bosnian politician who became the only Mayor of Sarajevo to serve two nonconsecutive terms , first from 1928 to 1929 , then again from 1935 to 1939 .
Seraina Mischol ( born 1 December 1981 ) is a Swiss skier competing in cross country skiing .
Nigel Ah Wong ( born 30 May 1990 ) is a rugby union footballer who can play either as a loose forward or as an Outside Centre .
Aldo Di Clemente ( born 1948 ) is an Italian amateur astronomer ( active 1996 - -1997 ) .
Pieter van Bleiswijk ( 1724 , Delft -- October 29 , 1790 , The Hague ) was grand pensionary of Holland from December 1 , 1772 to November 1787 .
Peter Rowley - Conwy , FSA ( born 1951 , Copenhagen , Denmark ) is an archaeologist and academic .
Mykhailo Bolotskykh ( Ukrainian : Михайло Васильович Болотських ; Russian : Михаил Васильевич Болотских ; born 28 October 1960 ) is a Ukrainian statesman and military serviceman , Colonel General ( Civil Defense Service ) .
Seamus Blake ( born 8 December 1970 ) is a Canadian tenor saxophonist .
Mahvash Shafaei ( Persian : مهوش شفاعی‎ ; born 15 May 1956 ) is an Iranian fencer .
Zhou Tiehai ( Chinese : 周铁海 ; born 1966 ) is a contemporary Chinese artist whose art work attempts to satirize much of modern Chinese art . Zhou does not paint his own works , though he earned an arts degree from the School of Fine Arts at Shanghai University in 1989 .
Katriona Mackey ( born 1992 in Cork ) is a camogie player and an accountant , winner of an All Ireland camogie medal in 2009 .
Renato Talamini ( born 19 November 1948 ) is an Italian Epidemiologist .
Derkoi is a musician from Kingston upon Hull , England real name Steve Cawood who is also an award winning filmmaker & visual effects artist , born in Kingston upon Hull on 18 February 1977 .
Leo Sewell ( born 7 September 1945 ) is an American `` found object '' artist .
Luis P. Valdivieso ( ca . 1845 - ca . 1920 ) was the Mayor of Ponce , Puerto Rico in 1905 .
Sigmund von Haimhausen ( 28 December 1708 -- 16 January 1793 ) was a Bavarian aristocrat , mining operator , head of the Bavarian Mint and Mines commission , porcelain manufacturer and first president of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences .
Esteban Siller Garza ( 17 April 1931 -- 23 October 2013 ) was a Mexican voice actor from Monterrey , Nuevo León .
Irene Dölling ( also known as Irene Mayer - Dölling ) ( born 23 December 1942 ) is a German sociologist .
Laurent Roussey ( born 27 December 1961 ) is a French former footballer , who played as a striker and current manager .
Van de León ( born 1925 ) was a Filipino actor known for his villain roles under Sampaguita Pictures where he played villain , and yet sometimes he played a father roles for some of the Sampaguita 's player .
Levi Asher ( born Marc Eliot Stein ; 18 November 1961 in Queens , New York ) is a New York - based writer , blogger and web developer responsible for Literary Kicks , one of the earliest popular literary websites and now the oldest continuously - running literary website on the Internet .
Attila Grandpierre ( born 4 July 1951 ) is a Hungarian musician , astrophysicist , physicist , self - taught historian , writer and poet .
Maja Hoffmann ( born 1956 ) is an avid Swiss art collector , art patron , documentary filmmaker , impresario , and entrepreneur .
Feng Jialiang ( Chinese : 封加梁 ; b. 1966 ) is a painter from Wuxi , Jiangsu province , China , specializing in oil painting .
Renen Schorr ( Hebrew : רנן שור‎ ; born Jerusalem , Israel , 1952 ) is a film director , screenwriter , film producer .
Harvey Withers ( born 26 October 1965 ) is a British author and military antiques dealer .
Drew Cheshire ( born 6 September 1991 ) is an English professional rugby union player who plays for Moseley .
Hisashi Yokoshima ( 横島 久、born 28 December 1957 ) is a retired Japanese racing driver .
Prommin Lertsuridej , M.D. ( Thai:พรหมินทร์ เลิศสุริย์เดช ) ( born 5 November 1954 ) was a Thai politician , former student leader , former Secretary General to Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , former Deputy Prime Minister in charge of economic affairs , and former Minister of Energy in the Thaksin government .
Worth G. Ross ( 19 April 1854 -- 24 March 1916 ) is known as the third Commandant of the Coast Guard , although he was never formally appointed to that position .
Nikoloz Mnatobishvili ( Georgian : ნიკა მნათობიშვილი ; born 27 September 1992 ) is a Georgian footballer playing currently for FC Gagra .
Terenc Toçi was born Terenzio Tocci on 9 March 1880 in San Cosmo Albanese , Calabria , Kingdom of Italy , so he was Italian by birth .
Mark Buckley ( born 25 August 1962 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton , St Kilda and the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Emma Donoghue ( born 24 October 1969 ) is an Irish - Canadian playwright , literary historian , novelist , and screenwriter .
The Land of the Wandering Souls , or La terre des âmes errantes , is a 2000 French - Cambodian documentary film directed by Rithy Panh .
The Great Prince Shan is a 1924 British silent drama film directed by A.E. Coleby and featuring Sessue Hayakawa , Ivy Duke , Tsuru Aoki , Valia , David Hawthorne , Fred Raynham and Henry Vibart in important roles .
A Slipping - Down Life is a 1999 romantic drama film directed by Toni Kalem .
Chicago Cab , also known as Hellcab , is a 1997 American film directed by Mary Cybulski and John Tintori .
Breakup Buddies is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy and road film , directed by Ning Hao .
Kirai Dada is a 1987 Telugu film drama produced by V.Doraswamy Raju on VMC Productions , directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy .
The Law They Forgot ( Spanish : La ley que olvidaron ) is a 1938 Argentine musical film drama directed by José A. Ferreyra .
Ilona Arrives with the Rain ( Spanish : Ilona llega con la lluvia , Italian : Ilona arriva con la pioggia ) is a 1996 Colombian - Spanish - Italian drama film directed by Sergio Cabrera .
Me and Morrison ( Finnish : Minä ja Morrison ) is a 2001 Finnish romantic drama film directed by Lenka Hellstedt .
Bandhak is a South Asian American film directed by Hyder Bilgrami and produced by Ramzan Lakhani .
These Are the Rules ( Croatian : Takva su pravila ) is a Croatian 2014 drama film written and directed by Ognjen Sviličić .
Jalolsavam is a 2004 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Sibi Malayil , starring Kunchacko Boban and Navya Nair in lead roles .
The Black Duke ( Italian : Il duca nero ) is a 1963 Italian historical adventure film directed by Pino Mercanti .
Santiago Files , directed by Cetywa Powell , is a documentary film about Salvador Allende 's topple from Chile 's unstable government and the players in his downfall : the CIA , Chile 's military , and Allende himself .
Vanya on 42nd Street is a 1994 film by Louis Malle and Andre Gregory .
Johnny Flynton ( 2002 ) is a short film directed and co - written by Lexi Alexander .
You Ca n't Save Yourself Alone ( Italian : Nessuno si salva da solo ) is a 2015 Italian romantic drama film directed by Sergio Castellitto .
Le Boulet is a French film directed by Alain Berbérian and Frédéric Forestier , released in 2002 .
Chandi Kori is a 2015 Indian Tulu film directed by Devadas Kapikad also appearing in a supporting role .
Mon père avait raison is a 1996 French TV movie directed by Roger Vadim starring Marie - Christine Barrault , Claude Rich and Nicolas Vaude .
Mystery of the Wax Museum is a 1933 American Pre - Code mystery - horror film released by Warner Bros. in two - color Technicolor and directed by Michael Curtiz .
Black Is White is a 1920 American silent drama film starring Dorothy Dalton and directed by Charles Giblyn .
Jana Nayaka ( Kannada : ಜನ ನಾಯಕ ) is a 1988 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by Bhargava and Rajaram .
Lu , the Coquette ( Hungarian : Lu , a kokott ) is a 1918 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz .
A Further Gesture is a 1997 film directed by Robert Dornhelm .
Which Woman ? is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Tod Browning and Harry A. Pollard .
Daltry Calhoun is a 2005 comedy film , written and directed by Katrina Holden Bronson and produced by Danielle Renfrew , Erica Steinberg , Quentin Tarantino , and Todd King .
Wars and Treasure ( Persian : جنگ و گنج‎ ) is a 2000 Iranian drama film directed by Hossein Shahabi ( Persian : حسین شهابی )
She - Devils on Wheels is a 1968 American exploitation film about an all - female motorcycle gang called The Man - Eaters , directed and produced by Herschell Gordon Lewis .
Zinda Lash ( The Living Corpse ) is a 1932 Indian costume drama directed by Premankur Atorthy .
Death of a Legend was the first of three documentary films by Bill Mason about wolves , helping to dispel the image of wolves as `` evil '' and demonstrating their role in maintaining the balance of nature .
West 32nd is a 2007 film and the second feature film by Michael Kang .
Marked for Death is a 1990 American action film directed by Dwight H. Little .
Rekrut 67 , Petersen is a 1952 Danish family film directed by Poul Bang .
Rabhasa ( English : Passion ) is a 2014 Telugu action masala film written and directed by Santosh Srinivas .
Clear All Wires ! is a 1933 American pre - Code comedy film directed by George W. Hill and written by Bella Spewack , Sam Spewack and Delmer Daves .
Dominick and Eugene is a 1988 American drama film directed by Robert M. Young about twin brothers , Dominick and Eugene .
L'uomo dagli occhi di ghiaccio ( internationally released as The Man with Icy Eyes ) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Alberto De Martino .
My Life with Morrissey is a 2003 independent feature film written , produced and directed by Andrew Overtoom .
Due once di piombo ( internationally released as My Name Is Pecos , also known as Il mio nome è Pecos ) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Maurizio Lucidi .
Kann Sivanthaal Mann Sivakkum ( When eyes turn red , the soil too will ) is a 1983 Tamil film directed by debutant Sreedhar Rajan .
The Fighting Blade is an American silent film directed by John S. Robertson and released in 1923 .
The Mystery of the Mary Celeste ( 1935 ) is one of the early films from Hammer Film Productions and was directed by Denison Clift .
Karuppu Vellai ( Tamil : கருப்பு வெள்ளை ) is a 1993 Indian Tamil film , directed by Manobala and produced by B. Venkatrama Reddy .
Mudda Mandaram ( Telugu : ముద్ద మందారం ) is a 1981 Telugu Drama film written and directed by Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry .
Gambling Daughters is a 1941 American mystery film directed by Max Nosseck and starring Cecilia Parker , Roger Pryor and Robert Baldwin .
En Thambi ( Tamil : என் தம்பி ) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film , directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar .
Krishna Leele ( Kannada : ಕೃಷ್ಣ ಲೀಲೆ ) is a 2000 Indian Kannada drama film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by Rockline Venkatesh .
A Couple of Down and Outs is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Walter Summers and starring Edna Best , Rex Davis and George Foley .
Pooparika Varugirom ( English : We are coming to Steal Flowers ) is a 1999 Tamil language film directed by A. Venkatesh .
I Am a Ghost , is a 2012 American horror film directed by H.P. Mendoza .
Hogan 's Romance Upset is a 1915 short comedy film directed by Charles Avery and featuring both Fatty Arbuckle and Harold Lloyd in uncredited roles as a spectators .
Dance Me Outside is a 1994 drama film directed and co - written by Bruce McDonald .
I Hate Blondes ( Italian : Odio le bionde ) is a 1980 Italian crime comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani .
Boond Jo Ban Gayee Moti ( English : The Drop That Became a Pearl ) is a 1967 Hindi social drama film , produced & directed by V. Shantaram on Rajkamal Kalamandir banner .
It 's a Wonderful Afterlife is a 2010 British comedy film directed by Gurinder Chadha .
The Coming of the Padres is a 1914 American silent short film Western film directed by Lorimer Johnston .
Madea 's Family Reunion is a 2006 comedy - drama film adaptation of the stage production of the same name written by Tyler Perry and sequel to Diary of a Mad Black Woman .
Jack the Dog is a 2001 American comedy - drama film , written and directed by Bobby Roth and starring Nestor Carbonell , Barbara Williams , Barry Newman , and Anthony LaPaglia .
Touched By Evil , is a 1997 television drama film directed by James A. Contner .
Drums of Africa is a 1963 adventure film set in Africa , directed by James B. Clark .
Two Gophers from Texas is a 1948 Merrie Melodies short starring the Goofy Gophers directed by Arthur Davis and produced by Eddie Selzer .
Sabotage at Sea is a 1942 British , black - and - white , drama , mystery , war film , directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Jane Carr , Margaretta Scott , David Hutcheson and Ronald Shiner as Ernie the Cook .
Countess Sarah ( Italian : La contessa Sara ) is a 1919 Italian silent film directed by Roberto Roberti and starring Francesca Bertini .
Deduce , You Say ! is a 1956 Warner Bros. cartoon short of the Looney Tunes series , directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese , with musical arrangements by Milt Franklyn .
Is Your Daughter Safe ? , also known as The Octopus , was an early silent exploitation film produced and directed by S. S. Millard .
Nadia and the Hippos ( French : Nadia et les hippopotames ) is a 1999 French drama film directed by Dominique Cabrera .
A Cry for Help is a 1912 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith .
Njan Gandharvan ( Malayalam : ഞാന്‍ ഗന്ധര്‍വന്‍ , translation : I , Celestial Lover ) is a 1991 Malayalam fantasy romance film written and directed by P. Padmarajan .
Air Devils is a 1938 American comedy and action film directed by John Rawlins , based on an original story , `` The Fighting Marines '' by Harold Buckley .
Directed by Tom Cherones , `` The Ex - Girlfriend '' was the first episode of the show filmed at CBS Studio Center in Los Angeles , California , the previous season having been filmed at Desilu Cahuenga in Hollywood .
You Do n't Have to Die is a 1988 American short documentary film about a young boy 's successful battle against cancer , directed by Malcolm Clarke and Bill Guttentag .
Veera Madakari ( English : Brave Madakari ) is a 2009 Kannada action thriller film directed by Sudeep featuring Sudeep , Ragini Dwivedi in the lead roles .
Nightclub Hostess ( French title : L'Entraîneuse ) is a 1940 French language motion picture drama directed by Albert Valentin .
The Runestone is an American 1991 adventure / horror film , the first film written and directed by Willard Carroll .
Stealing a Nation was written and directed by John Pilger , and produced and directed by Christopher Martin ; reconstruction footage was directed by Sean Crotty .
3X3D is a 2014 anthology film comprising three short 3D films directed by French / Swiss filmmaker Jean - Luc Godard , British filmmaker Peter Greenaway and Portuguese filmmaker Edgar Pêra .
The Police Commissioner ( Italian : Il commissario ) is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini .
Spring in Park Lane is a 1948 British romantic comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox .
Saandhram is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Thaha and produced by Thaha and Asokan .
He Learned About Women is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Lloyd Corrigan and written by Lloyd Corrigan , Ray Harris and Harlan Thompson .
Murder at 1600 is a 1997 American thriller film directed by Dwight H. Little .
How Hitler Lost the War is a 1989 World War II documentary created and produced by David Hoffman and Robert Denny , and narrated by Norman Rose .
Scary Movie 3 is a 2003 American science fiction horror comedy film , which parodies the horror , sci - fi , and mystery genres , as well as the third film of the Scary Movie franchise , and the first to be directed by David Zucker .
Just Pals is a 1920 American Pre - Code Western film directed by John Ford , and was Ford 's first film for Fox Film Corporation .
Seeing the World , also known as A Roamin ' Holiday , is a 1927 silent Our Gang film , directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan .
Of Horses and Men ( Icelandic : Hross í oss ) is a 2013 Icelandic drama film written and directed by Benedikt Erlingsson and produced by fellow director Friðrik Þór Friðriksson .
The Kid with the Golden Arm ( original title : Jin Bei Tong / Gam Bei Tung ( Cantonese ) ) is a 1979 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by Mona Fong .
Wind Echoing in My Being ( Hangul : 내 안 에 우는 바람 ; RR : Nae - an - e uneun balam ) is a 1997 South Korean short film directed by Jeon Soo - il .
The Glass Sphinx ( Italian : La sfinge d'oro ) is an Italian - American 1967 adventure film directed by Luigi Scattini .
The Book of Law ( French : Livre de loi ; Persian : کتاب قانون‎ , transliteration : Ketabe ghanoun ) is a 2009 Iranian film directed by Maziar Miri , written by Mohammad Rahmanian , and produced by Mohsen AliAkbari .
Namaste Madam ( Kannada : ನಮಸ್ತೆ ಮೇಡಂ ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada drama film directed by R. Raghuraj and produced by Ravi Garani .
Shivering Shakespeare is an Our Gang short film directed by Robert A. McGowan under the pseudonym `` Anthony Mack '' .
Castle Sinister was a 1932 British horror film produced , written and directed by Widgey R. Newman .
Tanjuska and the 7 Devils ( Finnish : Tanjuska ja 7 perkelettä ) is a 1993 documentary film by Finnish director Pirjo Honkasalo about a ten - year - old Belarusian girl who is believed to have been possessed by the devil .
A Little Madonna is a 1914 American silent drama film , directed by Ulysses Davis .
Annai Kaligambal is a 2003 Tamil devotional film written and directed by Rama Narayanan .
Sazaye Maut ( English : Death Penalty ) is 1981 Indian film directed and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra .
Vaai Kozhuppu ( Tamil : வாய்க்கொழுப்பு ) is a 1989 Indian Tamil film , directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Ramaswamy Govind and Muktha S. Ravi .
This Ai n't Charmed XXX is a 2010 pornographic film directed by Axel Braun .
Ezhavathu Manithan ( lit . The Seventh Man ) is a 1982 Indian Tamil film co - written and directed by K. Hariharan .
Yatchan is an 2015 Indian Tamil action comedy film co written , co - produced and directed by Vishnuvardhan .
Janie Gets Married is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Vincent Sherman and written by Agnes Christine Johnston .
The Englishman Who Went up a Hill but Came down a Mountain is a 1995 British film with a story by Ifor David Monger and Ivor Monger , written and directed by Christopher Monger .
Premigala Saval ( Kannada : ಪ್ರೇಮಿಗಳ ಸವಾಲ್ ) is a 1984 Kannada film directed by V. Somashekhar .
Babysitter Massacre is a 2013 horror film written and directed by Henrique Couto .
Three Faces of Sin ( French : Le Puits aux trois vérités ) is a 1961 French language motion picture comedy directed by François Villiers , based on novel by Jean - Jaques Gauthier .
The New Exploits of Elaine is a 1915 American action film serial directed by Louis J. Gasnier , Leopold Wharton and Theodore Wharton .
Osmosis Jones is a 2001 American live - action / animated buddy cop comedy film directed by Tom Sito and Piet Kroon for the animated segments and the Farrelly brothers for the live - action ones .
The Big Broadcast of 1936 is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Norman Taurog , and is the second in the series of Big Broadcast movies .
Greptar is a 2007 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Rashika Chatterjee under the banner of Maa Karunamoyee Films .
Khela ( Bengali : খেলা `` Game '' ) ( 2008 ) is a Bengali film by Rituparno Ghosh .
Ban Geum - ryeon ( Hangul : 반금련 ; also known as The Story of Pan Kumyon ) is a 1982 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
Time of Vacation ( Italian : Tempo di villeggiatura ) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Antonio Racioppi , at his directorial debut .
Sky Giant ( aka Ground Crew and Northern Flight ) is a 1938 drama film directed by Lew Landers .
Mothlight is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage , released in 1963 .
Lump Sugar ( 각설탕 ) is a 2006 South Korean film directed by Lee Hwan - kyung and starring actress I m Soo - jung .
Come Come Come Upward ( Hangul : 아제 아제 바라 아제 ; RR : Aje Aje Bara Aje ) is a 1989 South Korean film directed by I m Kwon - taek .
The Murderers are Coming ( Russian : Убийцы выходят на дорогу , Ubiytsi vikhodyat na dorogu ) is a 1942 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Yuri Tarich based on the play Fear and Misery of the Third Reich by Bertolt Brecht .
Big Calibre is a 1935 American horror Western film produced by Supreme Pictures and directed by Robert N. Bradbury .
The Arizonian is a 1935 American western film directed by Charles Vidor from an original screenplay by Academy Award winner Dudley Nichols .
Oh Mong - nyeo ( 오몽녀 ) is a 1937 Korean film , the last film directed by Na Woon - gyu .
Thulladha Manamum Thullum ( English : ( lit . ) Hearts That Do n't Jump , Will Jump ) is a 1999 Tamil romantic film directed by Ezhil .
The Movie Orgy is a 1968 film directed by Joe Dante and produced by Jon Davison .
2 A. M. in the Subway is a one shot , 53 second - long comedy filmed , and probably directed , by Billy Bitzer on 5 June 1905 at the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company 's ( AM&B ) studio on 14th Street ( Manhattan ) in New York City .
Poikkal Kudhirai is a 1983 Tamil - language Indian comedy feature film directed by K. Balachander and produced by Kalaivani .
The Warrior and the Wolf ( simplified Chinese : 狼灾记 ; traditional Chinese : 狼災記 ; pinyin : láng zāi jì ) is a 2009 Chinese historical action film directed by Tian Zhuangzhuang .
Federal Agent at Large is a 1950 American crime film directed by George Blair and written by Albert DeMond .
My Neighbor 's Wife is a 2011 Filipino drama film directed by Jun Lana , starring Dennis Trillo , Lovi Poe , Jake Cuenca , and Carla Abellana .
Ich zähle täglich meine Sorgen is a 1960 Austrian / West German film directed by Paul Martin .
Thunderbolt Jack is a 1920 American Western film serial directed by Francis Ford and Murdock MacQuarrie , produced by Berwilla Film Corp. , and released on the states - rights market by Arrow Film Corp. The film is considered to be lost .
Love Forecast ( Hangul : 오늘의 연애 ; RR : Oneului Yeonae ; lit . Today 's Love ) is a 2015 South Korean romantic comedy film co - written and directed by Park Jin - pyo .
No Lady is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring Lane , Renee Clama and Sari Maritza .
Kill Theory is a 2009 horror - thriller film directed by Chris Moore and written by Kelly C. Palmer .
The Blonde from Singapore ( also released as Hot Pearls ) is a 1941 American adventure film directed by Edward Dmytryk .
Boynton Beach Club is a 2005 film directed by Susan Seidelman , a romantic comedy produced by her and her mother Florence .
Ezhuthapurangal is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Sibi Malayil and produced by Mathew George .
The Lovelorn is a 1927 American drama silent film directed by John P. McCarthy and written by Frederic Hatton and Bradley King .
In the Secret Service is a 1913 American short Western film directed by Henry MacRae .
The Return of José do Telhado ( Portuguese : A Volta de José do Telhado ) is a 1949 Portuguese historical drama film directed by Armando de Miranda and starring Virgilio Teixeira as José do Telhado , a nineteenth century Portuguse bandit .
Night of Violence ( or Le notti della violenza / Nights of Violence ) is a 1965 Italian thriller film directed by Roberto Mauri .
Grandview , U.S.A. is a 1984 American comedy - drama film directed by Randal Kleiser .
Tomorrow 's Memoir is a 2004 short film written and directed by Jim Cliffe , and produced by Jim Cliffe and Kulchera Matson .
Border Romance is a 1929 American romantic western film directed by Richard Thorpe .
Brundavanam ( Telugu : బృందావనం ) is a 1993 Telugu Drama film directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao .
The Heroine is an uncompleted 1967 film , now lost , that was directed by Orson Welles .
I 'll Bury You Tomorrow is a 2002 low - budget independent horror film written and directed by Alan Rowe Kelly produced by New Millennium Pictures , starring Zoë Daelman Chlanda , Bill Corry , and Katherine O'Sullivan .
Born in ' 45 ( German : Jahrgang 45 ) is a 1966 East German drama film directed by Jürgen Böttcher .
The Real End of the Great War is the English title for Prawdziwy koniec wielkiej wojny , a film released in 1957 , directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz .
Passage to Zarahemla is an adventure film directed and written by Chris Heimerdinger .
Safari Express is a 1976 Italian - German adventure - comedy film directed by Duccio Tessari .
Heaven on One 's Head ( French : Le Ciel sur la tête , released in the United States as Skies Above ) is a 1965 French science fiction film directed by Yves Ciampi .
Hank and Mike is a 2008 comedy film directed by Matthiew Klinck , from a screenplay written by Paolo Mancini and Thomas Michael .
Naayak ( English : Leader ) is a 2013 Indian Telugu masala film written by Akula Siva and directed by V. V. Vinayak .
A Revolutionary Family ( Chinese : 革命家庭 , translit . Geming jiating ) is a 1961 Chinese drama film directed by Shui Hua .
Sunday Too Far Away is a 1975 Australian drama film directed by Ken Hannam .
Tarazu is an Indian action thriller film directed by Vimal Kumar and released in 1997 .
Return to Nuke ' Em High Volume 1 is a 2013 American science fiction comedy horror film directed by Lloyd Kaufman .
Angeli senza paradiso ( `` Angels without Paradise '' ) is a 1970 Italian musicarello directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti .
Appavin Meesai ( English : My father 's moustasche ) is an upcoming 2015 Tamil drama film directed by Rohini .
Dying Young is a 1991 American romance film , directed by Joel Schumacher .
England , My England is a 1995 British historical film directed by Tony Palmer and starring Michael Ball , Simon Callow , Lucy Speed and Robert Stephens .
Kif Tebbi is a 1928 Italian silent war film directed by Mario Camerini .
The Nature of the Beast ( European title : Bad Company , UK title : Hatchet Man ) is a 1995 horror mystery film written and directed by Victor Salva .
Fräulein Lilli or Miss Lilli is a 1936 Austrian comedy film directed by Hans Behrendt , Robert Wohlmuth and Max Neufeld .
Warn London is a 1934 British thriller film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Edmund Gwenn , John Loder and Leonora Corbett .
Salt Water Tabby was scored by Scott Bradley , produced by Fred Quimby , and directed and written by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera .
Dwik Vijayam is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film , directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by PK Kaimal .
Teeny Little Super Guy ( TLSG ) was created by animator Paul Fierlinger as a series of 13 installments for PBS 's Sesame Street in 1982 .
Miles of Fire / The Burning Miles ( Russian : Огненные вёрсты , translit . Ognennye versty ) is an early Red Western filmed by Samson Samsonov in 1957 .
Home Sweet Hell , previously known as North of Hell , is a 2015 American dark comedy film directed by Anthony Burns and written by Carlo Allen , Ted Elrick , and Tom Lavagnino .
Date with Disaster is a 1957 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Tom Drake , William Hartnell and Shirley Eaton .
Gawaahi ( English : Evidence ) is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Anant Balani .
How to Console Widows ( Portuguese : Como Consolar Viúvas ) is a 1976 Brazilian film directed by José Mojica Marins .
A Man Will Rise ( originally known as Local Hero ) is an uncompleted comedy western film directed by Tony Jaa and Vitidnan Rojanapanich , and starring Jaa , Dolph Lundgren , Conan Stevens , and Byron Gibson .
Bikini Jones and the Temple of Eros is a 2010 American made for cable comedy erotic film written and directed by Fred Olen Ray ( under the pseudonym name Nicholas Juan Medina ) .
Youth 's Endearing Charm ( also known as Youth 's Melting Pot ) is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by William C. Dowlan .
Daawat - e - Ishq ( English : Feast of Love ) is a 2014 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Habib Faisal and produced by Aditya Chopra under the banner of Yash Raj Films .
Bal Ganesh is a 2007 computer - animated musical feature film directed by Pankaj Sharma .
Bhagyada Bagilu ( Kannada : ಭಾಗ್ಯದ ಬಾಗಿಲು ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. L. Swamy ( Ravi ) and produced by B H Jayanna .
Life Gamble , also known as Life Combat , is a 1979 Hong Kong Wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and starring the Venoms , Kara Hui and Alexander Fu Sheng .
Lóve is a 2011 Slovak - language film directed by Jakub Kroner , starring Michal Nemtuda and Kristína Svarinská , alongside Jakub Gogál .
The Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent ( also known as The Viking Women and the Sea Serpent ) is a 1957 film directed by Roger Corman .
Eu sunt Adam was a 1996 Romanian film directed by Dan Pița .
How to Top My Wife ( Hangul : 마누라 죽이기 ; RR : Manura jugigi ) is a 1994 South Korean comedy film directed by Kang Woo - suk , starring Park Joong - hoon and Choi Jin - sil .
Royston 's Shorts is a compilation of acclaimed short films by Singaporean filmmaker Royston Tan .
Approved for Adoption ( French : Couleur de peau : miel ) is a 2012 French - Belgian animated film based on a comic by the Korean - Belgian comic strip artist Jung and directed by Laurent Boileau and Jung .
One More American is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by William C. deMille and written by Olga Printzlau and William C. deMille .
Hot Summer in the City is a 1976 American adult film by director Gail Palmer aka `` The Hare '' .
Prayer to a Vengeful God is a 2010 dramatic crime film , written , directed by , and starring Dan Eberle .
Rajapattai ( Tamil : ராஜபாட்டை ; English : King 's path ) is a 2011 Tamil masala film directed by Suseenthiran based on a story by Seenu Vasan .
Traveling Husbands is a 1931 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Paul Sloane based on a screenplay by Humphrey Pearson .
The Forbidden Door ( Indonesian : Pintu Terlarang ) is a 2009 Indonesian horror film , directed by Joko Anwar .
The 81st Blow ( Hebrew : המכה ה-81‎ and also known as The Eighty - First Blow ) is a 1974 Israeli documentary film directed by Haim Gouri .
Bharath Stores ( Kannada : ಭಾರತ್ ಸ್ಟೋರ್ಸ್ ) is a 2012 Indian Kannada film directed by P. Sheshadri , starring Sudharani , H. G. Dattatreya , Chi Guru Dutt , V. Manohar and others .
Going Greek is a 2001 American comedy film written and directed by Justin Zackham .
Only the Wind is a 1961 German crime film directed by Fritz Umgelter and starring Freddy Quinn , Gustav Knuth and Heinz Weiss .
Bannada Gejje ( Kannada : ಬಣ್ಣದ ಗೆಜ್ಜೆ ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada language film written and directed by Rajendra Singh Babu starring Ravichandran and Amala .
Opera ve vinici is a 1981 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Jaromil Jireš .
Four Murders Are Enough , Darling ( Czech : Čtyři vraždy stačí , drahoušku ) is a 1971 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský .
Spring in Winter ( Hungarian : Tavasz a télben ) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz .
The Search is a 1948 Swiss - American film directed by Fred Zinnemann which tells the story of a young Auschwitz survivor and his mother who search for each other across post - World War II Europe .
Nakhakshathangal ( Malayalam : നഖക്ഷതങ്ങള്‍ ) is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Hariharan , written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair , and starring Monisha , Vineeth and Saleema .
Megam Karuththirukku is a 1987 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Rama Narayanan , starring Prabhu Ganesan and Raghuvaran in lead roles .
Namma Makkalu ( Kannada : ನಮ್ಮ ಮಕ್ಕಳು ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film , directed by R. Nagendra Rao and produced by Harini .
Betty in Search of a Thrill is a 1915 American adventure silent film that was directed by Phillips Smalley and Lois Weber and written by Elsie Janis .
The Oyster Dredger is a 1915 American silent drama film written by , directed by and featuring Lon Chaney .
Prick Up Your Ears is a 1987 film , directed by Stephen Frears , about the playwright Joe Orton and his lover Kenneth Halliwell .
Ratha Sapthami ( ರಥಸಪ್ತಮಿ ) is a 1986 Indian - Kannada romance musical film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and produced by S. A. Govindaraj .
Hollywoodland is a 2006 American period detective film directed by Allen Coulter in his feature directorial debut .
The Crunch Bird ( El pájaro crujiente ) is an animated short by Ted Petok , Joe Petrovich , and Len Maxwell .
Fresh Guacamole is a 2012 American animated short film written and directed by PES , ( Adam Pesapane ) .
Wedding Pullav is an Indian romantic comedy film , directed by Binod Pradhan and produced by Shashi Ranjan and Anu Ranjan .
Gruber 's Journey or Călătoria lui Gruber is a 2008 Romanian drama film directed by Radu Gabrea .
Susie Steps Out is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Reginald Le Borg and written by Elwood Ullman and Fred Freiberger .
A Woman 's Decision ( Polish : Bilans kwartalny , also known as The Quarterly Balance ) is a 1975 Polish drama film written and directed by Krzysztof Zanussi .
Zanna Bianca alla riscossa ( internationally released as White Fang to the Rescue ) is a 1974 Italian adventure film directed by Tonino Ricci .
Comeback Season is a 2006 film directed by Bruce McCulloch .
Caring for the Lagoon is a documentary directed by Oliver Dickinson about how the Mahorans of Mayotte are trying to preserve their lagoon .
3 Idiots is a 2009 Indian coming of age comedy - drama film co - written , edited , and directed by Rajkumar Hirani and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra .
On to Reno is a 1928 silent film comedy directed by James Cruze and starring Marie Prevost .
Fierce Creatures was written by John Cleese , and directed by Robert Young and Fred Schepisi .
Do Phool is a 1973 Bollywood comedy film directed by S. Ramanathan .
Cenerentola is a 2011 two - part Italian television drama directed by Christian Duguay and produced by Lux Vide .
And the Plains Are Gleaming ( German: ... und es leuchtet die Puszta ) is a 1933 German - Hungarian drama film directed by Heinz Hille and starring Rosy Barsony , Károly Sugar and Wolf Albach - Retty .
S.F.W. ( or So Fucking What ) is a 1994 film directed by Jefery Levy .
Bestiaire is a 2012 Canadian - French avant - garde nature documentary film directed by Denis Côté .
Robert Wilson and the Civil Wars is a 1987 documentary by Howard Brookner about Robert Wilson 's ambitious attempt to stage an epic , twelve - hour , multinational opera for the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Traffic with the Devil is a 1946 American short documentary film about traffic problems in Los Angeles , directed by Gunther von Fritsch .
Nora 's Will ( Spanish : Cinco días sin Nora , also released as Five Days Without Nora ) is a 2008 Mexican drama film written and directed by Mariana Chenillo .
Return to Life ( French : Retour à la vie ) is a 1949 French drama film directed by Georges Lampin , André Cayatte , Henri - Georges Clouzot and Jean Dréville .
Bhale Raja ( Kannada : ಭಲೇ ರಾಜ ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film , directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by Yajaman Mothi Veeranna .
Gizmo ! is a 1977 documentary film produced and directed by Howard Smith about improbable inventions , and uses old newsreel footage about these inventions .
Suddenly It 's Magic is a 2012 Filipino - Thai romantic film directed by Rory Quintos , starring Mario Maurer and Erich Gonzales .
The House in Dragon Street ( German : Das Haus in der Dragonerstrasse ) is a 1921 German silent crime film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Edmund Löwe , Werner Krauss and Lilly Flohr .
Sköna Helena ( Beautiful Helen ) is a Swedish musical film of 1951 directed by Gustaf Edgren , and based loosely on the story and music of the opéra bouffe La belle Hélène .
The Fifth Seal ( Hungarian : Az ötödik pecsét ) is a 1976 film by Hungarian director Zoltán Fábri based on a novel of the same name by Hungarian author Ferenc Sánta .
Seven Invisible Men ( Lithuanian : Septyni nematomi žmonės ) is a 2005 Lithuanian drama film directed by Šarūnas Bartas .
Slashed is a low budget independent horror film , financed and directed by Ash and written by Jed Shepherd .
Women Without Names is a 1940 American film directed by Robert Florey .
Touch - Me - Not ( 봉선화 - Bongseonhwa ) is a 1956 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
The Blood Ship is a 1927 silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz .
Coffee Date is a 2006 independent film written and directed by Stewart Wade and released by BrownBag Productions .
Hatey Bazarey or Hate Bazare ( Bengali : হাটে বাজারে ; English : The Market Place ) is a 1967 award winning art film by noted Bengali director Tapan Sinha and produced Asim Dutta , the story revolves around the conflict of good and evil .
City of Fathers ( Hangul : 부산 ; hanja : 父山 ; RR : Busan ) is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Park Ji - won .
Three Modern Women ( Chinese : 三个摩登女性 ; pinyin : Sāngè Módēng Nǚxìng ) is a 1932 Chinese film directed by Bu Wancang and written by Tian Han .
The Sporting Venus ( 1925 ) is a silent romance film directed by Marshall Neilan .
Cirkus bude ! is a 1954 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský .
How I Wonder What You Are is a 2010 drama film directed by Udaya Dharmawardhana and Chinthana Dharmadasa .
Come December ( 2006 ) was directed by Faisal Saif .
The Sins of Rosanne is a surviving 1920 American silent drama film starring Ethel Clayton and directed by actor / director Tom Forman .
100 Fäuste und ein Vaterunser ( English : 100 Fists and a Prayer ) is an Italian - German film directed by Mario Siciliano .
Galaxy Invader ( aka The Galaxy Invader ) is a 1985 direct - to - video sci - fi film directed and co - written by Baltimore filmmaker Don Dohler .
A Short Film About John Bolton is a 2003 film written and directed by Neil Gaiman .
El Terrible Toreador is a 1929 animated cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions in the Silly Symphonies series .
Histoire de pen ( also released internationally as Inside , and in the United Kingdom as Banged Up ) is a Québécois film directed by Michel Jetté and released in 2002 , about a young man 's time in a penitentiary .
Bhai - Bhai ( Brothers ) is a 1970 Bollywood suspense drama film directed by Raja Nawathe .
Tell Me That You Love Me , Junie Moon is a 1970 American Technicolor drama film directed by Otto Preminger .
Absolutely Anything is a 2015 British science fiction comedy film and directed by Terry Jones and written by Terry Jones and Gavin Scott .
51 Birch Street is a 2005 documentary film about the universal themes of love , marriage , fidelity , and the mystery of a suburban family , directed by Doug Block .
Black Republic ( Hangul : 그들도 우리처럼 ; RR : Geudeuldo uri - cheoreom ; lit . `` They Also Are Like Us '' ) is a 1990 South Korean film directed by Park Kwang - su .
The Large Rope ( also known as The Long Rope ) is a 1953 British crime film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Donald Houston , Susan Shaw and Robert Brown .
Call Girl of Cthulhu is a 2014 horror movie that was directed by Chris LaMartina .
Léon la lune ( English : Leon the Moon ) is a 1956 French short documentary film directed by Alain Jessua .
The Star Chamber is a 1983 American mystery thriller film written by Roderick Taylor and directed by Peter Hyams .
In This Tricky Life ( Spanish : En la puta vida ) is a 2001 Uruguayan film directed by Beatriz Flores Silva .
Morderstwo ( English : Murder ) is a short film written and directed by Roman Polanski in 1957 .
Crazy Affairs ( Italian : Cose da pazzi ) is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst .
What Will You Do When You Catch Me ? is the English title of Co mi zrobisz , jak mnie złapiesz ? a Polish comedy film released in 1978 , directed by Stanisław Bareja .
Boys of the City is a 1940 black - and - white comedy / thriller film directed by Joseph H. Lewis .
Kaalam Maari Kadha Maari ( Malayalam : കാലം മാറി കഥ മാറി ) is a 1987 Malayalam film directed by M. Krishnan Nair , written by Devan .
Paropakari ( Kannada : ಪರೋಪಕಾರಿ ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film written and directed by Y. R. Swamy .
Chinnada Gombe ( Kannada : ಚಿನ್ನದ ಗೊಂಬೆ ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu .
State of Bacon is a 2014 mockumentary written and directed by Jason Cook , and produced in conjunction with the Blue Ribbon Bacon Festival .
The Vampire 's Ghost is 1945 American horror film directed by Lesley Selander written by Leigh Brackett and John K. Butler .
The Comebacks is a 2007 American satirical comedy film directed by Tom Brady .
Murder by Rope is a 1936 British mystery film directed by George Pearson and starring Constance Godridge , D.A. Clarke - Smith and Sunday Wilshin .
Noukadubi ( Bengali : নৌকাডুবি , `` Boat wreck '' ) is a Bengali film directed by Rituparno Ghosh , released on January 2011 .
The Marriage Circle is a 1924 silent film produced by Ernst Lubitsch and Warner Brothers with direction by Lubitsch and distribution by the Warners .
BaadAsssss Cinema is a 2002 documentary film , directed by Isaac Julien .
Ormakalundayirikkanam ( English : Memories and Desires ) is a 1995 Malayalam political drama film directed by T. V. Chandran .
Ghosts of War is a short film made in 2010 , written and directed by David Sander and produced by Enzo Tedeschi , and starring Graham Brissett and Simon Broadhurst .
To Sleep with Anger is a 1990 American drama film directed and written by Charles Burnett .
Professor Creeps is a 1942 American comedy film directed by William Beaudine .
Prem Tapasya is a 1983 Bollywood Romantic film produced by Akkineni Nageswara Rao on Annapurna Studios banner and directed by Dasari Narayana Rao .
Rainbow on the River is a 1936 American musical film directed by Kurt Neumann from a screenplay by Harry Chandlee , Earle Snell , and William Hurlbut , based upon the novel Toinette 's Philip by C. V. Jamison .
Mrs. Sen is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Agnidev Chatterjee and produced by Pankaj Agarwal .
Chup Chup Ke ( Hindi : चुप चुप के ; English : Quietly , Quietly ) is a 2006 Bollywood film directed by Priyadarshan .
The Vows ( Portuguese : A Promessa ) is a 1973 Portuguese drama film directed by António de Macedo .
Brought by the Sea ( Turkish : Denizden Gelen ) is a 2010 Turkish drama film , directed by Nesli Çölgeçen , about an ex - cop who accidentally kills an African immigrant and retreats with a guilty conscience back to his hometown .
Solo for Sparrow is a 1962 film directed by Gordon Flemyng , part of the Edgar Wallace Mysteries series of British second - features .
Sugar Is Not Sweet ( Thai : น้ำตาลไม่หวาน or Namtarn mai warn ) is a 1965 Thai romantic comedy film written and directed by Rattana Pestonji .
Putani Agent 123 ( Kannada : ಪುಟಾಣಿ ಏಜೆಂಟ್ಸ್ ೧೨೩ ) is 1979 Indian Kannada Kannada children 's film directed by Geethapriya .
The Texas Promise was produced and directed by Academy Award winning filmmaker Vanessa Roth .
Thirteen Women is a 1932 American Pre - Code psychological thriller film , produced by David O. Selznick and directed by George Archainbaud .
Bob and Mary ( German : Bob und Mary ) is a 1923 German silent film directed by Max Glass and starring Helga Molander , Anton Edthofer and Paul Biensfeldt .
The Sidelong Glances of a Pigeon Kicker , also known as Pigeons , is a 1970 American comedy film directed by John Dexter and written by Ron Whyte .
Curse of the Komodo is a 2004 film that was directed by Jim Wynorski .
The Stronger Sex is a 1931 British drama film directed by Gareth Gundrey and starring Colin Clive , Adrianne Allen and Gordon Harker .
Catty Cornered is a 1953 Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Friz Freleng , written by Warren Foster and distributed by Warner Bros ..
Kong Bukseløs ( English : His New Grey Trousers ) is a 1915 Danish silent film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr ..
Mugdha Manava ( Kannada : ಮುಗ್ದಮಾನವ ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. L. Swamy ( Ravi ) and produced by Lalithamma .
Mooru Janma ( Kannada : ಮೂರು ಜನ್ಮ ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S N Parthanath Brothers .
Strings of Steel is a 1926 action film serial directed by Henry MacRae .
Bangarwadi ( Marathi : बनगरवाडी ) is a critically acclaimed Marathi film , directed by Amol Palekar .
Kulamagal Radhai ( Tamil : குலமகள் ராதை ) is a 1963 Indian Tamil film , directed by A. P. Nagarajan and produced by Spider Films .
Love Matters ( Chinese : 幸福万岁 ) is a Singaporean film written and directed by Jack Neo and Gilbert Chan , and produced by Neo Studios , mm Studios and Grand Billiance .
Pava Mannippu ( English : Clemency ) is a 1961 Tamil language drama film directed by A. Bhimsingh .
Ingmar Bergman Makes a Movie ( Swedish : Ingmar Bergman gör en film ) is a 1963 Swedish documentary film directed by Vilgot Sjöman which depicts the making of Ingmar Bergman 's film Winter Light from screenwriting to the film 's premiere and critical reaction .
Zoebaida is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies directed by Njoo Cheong Seng .
Without the King is a 2007 documentary film by Michael Skolnik , an American filmmaker .
Thalaimuraigal ( English : Generations ) is a 2013 Tamil film written and directed by Balu Mahendra .
Slaves of Beauty is a 1927 film directed by John G. Blystone and starring Olive Tell , Holmes Herbert , Earle Foxe , Margaret Livingston and future talent agent Sue Carol .
Women in Cages is a 1971 film in the women in prison sexploitation subgenre , co - produced by Roger Corman and directed by Gerardo de León .
Woman Doctors ( German : Ärztinnen ) is a 1984 German crime film directed by Horst Seemann .
James and the Giant Peach is a 1996 British - American musical fantasy film directed by Henry Selick , based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl .
Morality Above All Else ( Czech : Mravnost nade vše ) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič .
Wet and Wild Summer ! is a 1990 Australian - American comedy film directed by Maurice Murphy and starring Christopher Atkins , Julian McMahon and Elliott Gould .
Demon of the Sea ( German : Dämon des Meeres ) is a lost 1931 film directed by Michael Curtiz .
A Kiss on the Nose is a short film first released in the USA on August 15 , 2004 during the Rhode Island International Film Festival , written and directed by Laura Neri .
Ram ke Naam ( English : In the Name of God ) is a 1992 documentary by Indian filmmaker Anand Patwardhan .
Miss Suwanna of Siam ( Thai : นางสาวสุวรรณ ; rtgs : Nang Sao Suwan ) , was a 1923 romance film written and directed by Henry MacRae , set in Thailand ( then Siam ) and starring Thai actors .
Le Déshabillage impossible , released in the United States as Going to Bed Under Difficulties and in the United Kingdom as An Increasing Wardrobe , is a 1900 French short silent comedy film , directed by Georges Méliès .
Kaiyethum Doorath(English : Within the hand 's reach ) , alternatively called also as Kai Ethum Doorathu is a 2002 Malayalam romance film written , directed and produced by Fazil .
The Other Lover is a 1985 television film directed by Robert Ellis Miller and executive produced by Larry A. Thompson .
Some Girl is a 1998 American romantic comedy drama film directed by Rory Kelly and written by actress Marissa Ribisi , who also appeared in the film .
13 Days to Die or Der Fluch des schwarzen Rubin is a 1965 Italian and West German spy film drama , directed by Alberto Cardone and Manfred R. Köhler .
Chandrajit Banerjee is a Post - Graduate ( MA ) in Economics with specialisation in Economics of Planning and Econometrics from the University of Calcutta .
Gregory G. Colomb ( September 5 , 1951 -- October 11 , 2011 ) was a professor of the English language and literature and Director of Writing Programs at the University of Virginia .
Jack Ernest Vincent ( born December 26 , 1932 , Portland , Oregon ) is a Borah Professor Emeritus of the Department of Political Science at the University of Idaho .
Yalcin Ayasli received his M.S.E.E. and Sc . D. degrees from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1973 and worked as a faculty member and Deputy Department Chair at the METU Electrical Engineering Department for six years .
Kathryn Tanner began her career at Yale University .
Henry Ledyard graduated from Columbia College in 1830 , and began practicing law in New York .
Irwin Kremen ( born 1925 ) is an American artist who at 41 began making art while Director of the Duke University Graduate Program in Clinical Psychology , after earning a Ph.D. six years earlier in clinical psychology at Harvard University .
Educated at North London Collegiate School and the University of Bristol , Victoria Sharp was called to the Bar , Inner Temple in 1979 .
Hugh Durham ( born October 26 , 1937 ) is the first and only coach in the history of NCAA Division I basketball to lead two different schools to the NCAA Final Four for the first and only time in each school 's history ( Florida State University - 1972 ; University of Georgia - 1983 ) .
His father and grandfather were doctors and after private education in Glasgow and at the long - established Old Grammar School of Hamilton ( renamed the Hamilton Academy in 1848 ) , Robert Macnish undertook his medical studies at the University of Glasgow obtaining a C.M. degree in 1820 and an M.D. in 1825 .
John Caswell ( sometimes recorded as `` Carswell '' ) , was from Crewkerne , Somerset , and he matriculated at Wadham College , Oxford , in March 1671 when he was 16 years old .
Kate Valk began her work with the group in 1979 while she was a student at New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts .
Ron Walotsky ( born in Brooklyn in 1943 and died on July 29 , 2002 ) was a science fiction and fantasy artist who studied at the School of Visual Arts .
Edmond Warre C.B. C.V.O. ( 12 February 1837 -- 22 January 1920 ) was an English rower and head master of Eton College from 1884 to 1905 .
Moses Gomberg ( February 8 , 1866 -- February 12 , 1947 ) was a chemistry professor at the University of Michigan .
Born in Washington , D.C. , Grover Furr graduated from McGill University in Montreal , Canada in 1965 with a BA in English .
Born in Caracas , Jorge Arreaza received a degree in international studies from the Central University of Venezuela ( UCV ) and was awarded a scholarship by the Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho Foundation during the 1990s , which allowed him to earn a master 's degree in European Policy Studies at University of Cambridge , England .
José Cisneros received his Bachelor of Science from the MIT Sloan School of Management and studied for his MBA at Boston University .
A graduate of Bilkent University Dept . of Economics , Vuslat Doğan Sabancı went on to attend Columbia University in New York for her graduate studies in International Media and Communications .
Born in Duisburg , Sevim Dağdelen finished the high school in 1997 , and studied law first at the University of Marburg and then at the Adelaide University , Australia and later at the University of Cologne .
Pete Lund received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Adrian College .
Jay Burson was a college basketball player at The Ohio State University and former player in the Continental Basketball Association .
Geoffrey Owen was educated at the Dragon School , Rugby School and Balliol College , Oxford University .
Martin Henson was educated at The Bulmershe School in Woodley , Berkshire , at the University of Southampton ( BSc , 1976 ) , at the University of Reading ( PGCE , 1977 ) , and the University of Essex ( MSc , 1981 ) .
Educated at Eton College and Aix - Marseille University , Peter Hambro initially worked at a firm of accountants .
DJ Head was raised in Detroit , attended Gesu Elementary School ( Aliyah , Keegan - Michael Key , Proof ) and is a graduate of Shrine Catholic High School in Royal Oak , Michigan ( class of 1989 ) , and is a Michigan State University Alumni ( Bachelor of Science , Engineering 1994 ) .
Martin Freer is a British physicist , professor at University of Birmingham , and director of the Birmingham Centre for Nuclear Education and Research .
Dip Gogoi was educated at Dibrugarh University and graduated with a B.Sc .
T.A.S Menon is former Principal of the Raja Ravi Varma College of Fine Arts Mavelikara , Kerala , India .
From 1926 to 1930 Jean Lasserre studied theology in Paris and from September 1930 to 1931 , Lasserre was a seminarian at Union Theological Seminary in New York .
Stacy McGaugh was an undergraduate student at MIT ( S.B. 1985 ) and a graduate student at Princeton and the University of Michigan ( Ph.D. 1992 ) .
Schooled in South Africa , Timothy Moloi went on to complete a Bachelor of Arts degree at Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware , Ohio , in the United States .
Richard Heeks was born in Reading , England ; studied natural sciences at the University of Cambridge , and completed an MPhil at the University of Leicester and a PhD at the Open University , UK .
Justin Moed graduated from Butler University in Indianapolis
The grandson of a Chinese immigrant , whose surname was Lim , Sulak Sivaraksa was educated in Bangkok and at the University of Wales , Lampeter , where he is now an honorary fellow in Buddhism .
Michael J. Weithorn is a native of Queens , New York and graduated from Swarthmore College in Swarthmore , Pennsylvania in 1978 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science .
James Kinsella served in the United States Marine Corps , achieving the rank of sergeant , during World War II . He received a bachelor 's degree from Trinity College of Connecticut in 1947 and a law degree from University of Nebraska College of Law in 1952 .
David Jeremiah Barron ( born July 7 , 1967 ) is a United States Circuit Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit and former S. William Green Professor of Public Law at Harvard Law School .
In 2006 , the Jerome L. Greene Foundation donated $ 200 million to Columbia University , the largest gift that the school had ever received , to establish The Jerome L. Greene Science Center .
Erdal Beşikçioğlu attended İzmir Private Turkish College and Mehmet Seyfi Eraltay High School after which he studied at the Hacettepe University State Conservatory .
Robert Lumsden was educated at Strathallan School , the University of Edinburgh and for a short period at the University of Vienna .
In 1950 Adolfas Tautavičius graduated from Vilnius University and after four years in 1954 defended his thesis , Rytų Lietuva I m.e .
Max G. Lagally is Erwin W. Mueller Professor and Bascom Professor of Surface Science at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
John Samuel Forrest attended the famous Hamilton Academy school where he won the Dux Medal , Mathematics Medal and the Science Medal , and coming third in the University of Glasgow Bursary Examination of 1925 was awarded the John Clerk ( Mile End ) Bursary to study Mathematics and Natural Philosophy at the university .
Stephanie Patton received her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Painting from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in 1993 and a Master of Fine Arts degree in Photography from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 1996 .
Richard Wiseman , Interview The Scotsman At 18 he continued as a street performer and went to University College London to study psychology , partly because it `` was right around the corner '' .
Dana Ward received his BA from University of California , Berkeley , an MA in political science from The University of Chicago , and a double PhD in political science and psychology from Yale University .
Kay Koplovitz was born in Milwaukee , Wisconsin and graduated from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison with a B.A. in Communications and earned a master 's degree in Communications from Michigan State University .
Randall Boe matriculated at the University of Wisconsin Madison in the fall semester 1980 .
In 1990 , Kevin Tsai graduated from UCLA School of Theater , Film and Television with a Master Degree in TV Production and moved back to Taiwan .
Louka Katseli graduated from the Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts , in 1972 , with a B.A. in Economics .
Born October 18 , 1980 in Michigan , Colby Keller was raised in Texas where he graduated from the University of Houston , with a bachelor 's degree in Anthropology .
Eduardo Obregón Pagán ( born August 13 , 1960 ) is the Bob Stump Endowed Professor of History at Arizona State University , and one of the hosts of the PBS popular series History Detectives since 2008 .
Holly Sorensen was born and raised in Montana , and was given scholarships to the Annie Wright School in Tacoma , Washington and Dartmouth College , where she studied philosophy and film .
Kenneth Roth , a graduate of Yale Law School and Brown University , claims he was drawn to human rights causes through his family ties .
Son of Rev. George Emlen Hare , William Hobart Hare was born at Princeton , N. J. , and educated at the University of Pennsylvania , although he never graduated nor attended seminary before his ordination as a deacon in 1859 and as a priest in 1862 .
Henry Maden was the son of Sir Henry Maden from Bacup in Lancashire . He was educated privately and attended Exeter College , Oxford where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree .
Bill Ratliff was educated at Sonora High School in Sonora in Sutton County in West Texas and then at the University of Texas at Austin , where he studied civil engineering .
Jasimuddin completed IA from Rajendra College in 1924.He obtained his BA degree in Bengali from the University of Calcutta in 1929 and his MA in 1931 .
The youngest son of a clergyman , Edward Drax Free became a member of St John 's College , Oxford , where he proceeded to the degrees of BA , MA , BD , and DD and was eventually elected to a Fellowship .
Born in Montreal , Quebec , Israel Reuven Frank ( he later dropped his first name ) earned a bachelor 's degree in social science at City College of New York .
Aner Shalev ( born 24 January 1958 ) is a professor at the Einstein Institute of Mathematics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and a writer .
Pompeo Borra 's studies were varied , first he attended technical schools and then , briefly , the course in decoration at the Scuola degli Artefici at the Brera Academy .
Born and raised in St. Paul , Minnesota , Erwin Tomash graduated from the University of Minnesota with his electrical engineering degree in 1943 .
Cristina Warthen , née Cristina Schultz , is a 2001 graduate of Stanford Law School and a fitness model who has been pictured in Iron Man , Muscular Development , Maxim ( magazine ) , and Playboy Magazine ( Feb 2006 pg 45 ) and Playboy Book of Lingerie .
John Samuel Sherburne graduated from Dartmouth College in 1776 and attended the law department of Harvard University .
Hemant Shesh completed his post graduate education in Sociology from thehhjj University of Rajasthan in Jaipur in 1977 .
Born in Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States , Maiysha went to Sarah Lawrence College where she studied vocal performance as well as creative writing and race and gender studies .
Born David Brian Hargrove in Tarboro , North Carolina , he earned his BFA degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
George A. Milliken , Ph.D. is emeritus professor of statistics at Kansas State University .
Robert Dudley Baxter was educated privately and at Trinity College , Cambridge University .
Byron Fidetzis was born in Thessaloniki , He studied violoncello under Manolis Kazabakas and advanced theory under Solon Michaelides at the State Conservatory of Thessaloniki .
Andrew Kaslow attended Columbia University where he earned a B.A. , a master 's degree ( M.A. ) in Music and Music Education , and a Doctorate in Anthropology Ph.D. ) , with a specialization in ethnomusicology , African - American culture , and urban social networks .
Born in Peterborough and educated at the Salesian School at Chertsey and Imperial College , London , Martin Ballinger qualified as a management accountant while working at the National Bus Company .
Bao Guo'an ( born 4 June 1946 ) is a Chinese actor and professor in the Central Academy of Drama .
Marvin Davis graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from New York University in 1947 .
Born in Dundee , Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College , Oxford .
In 2008 , the Anita Thigpen Perry School of Nursing at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center was renamed in her honor .
Alfred Lawson Brown ( 1927 - 28 August 2006 ) was Edwards Professor of Medieval History at the University of Glasgow from 1973 - 78 .
James Garesche Ord graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1909 and received his commission as a Second Lieutenant of Infantry .
Gerald Hocken Knight was born on 27 July 1908 in Par , Cornwall , and was educated at Truro Cathedral School and Peterhouse , Cambridge .
Frank Burr Mallory ( 1862 - 1941 ) was an American pathologist at the Boston City Hospital and Professor of Pathology at Harvard Medical School , after whom the Mallory body is named .
Jonathan Kearsley was born in Middletown , Pennsylvania on August 20 , 1786 , and graduated from Washington College in Washington , Pennsylvania ( now Washington & Jefferson College ) in 1811 .
Matthew Vellanickal pursued doctoral studies in the discipline of New Testament at the Pontifical Biblical Institute , Rome under the Belgian New Testament Exegete Ignatius de la Potterie and was awarded the doctoral degree in 1970 based on his dissertation The Divine Sonship of Christians in the Johannine Writings .
Christopher Wathes graduated from the University of Birmingham with a BSc degree in Physics in 1974 .
Josiah Scott was born at Washington County , Pennsylvania , not far from Cannonsburg , where he graduated from Jefferson College ( now Washington & Jefferson College ) in 1823 .
In 2001 , Columbia University offered Afia Nathaniel a two - year Dean 's fellowship to come and join their MFA Film programme .
Paul Lever was educated at St Paul 's School , London and The Queen 's College , Oxford .
Claire Rochester moved to Boston , Massachusetts to study at the Boston Conservatory of Music .
The son of Frederick Knight Couldrey of Abingdon , Oswald Couldrey attended Abingdon School and Pembroke College , Oxford .
David Steelman earned a B.A. in economics from the University of Missouri , and graduated first in his class from the University of Missouri Law School in 1978 .
Wil Roebroeks began his academic career as a history student at the Radboud University Nijmegen where he graduated cum laude in 1979 .
In 1916 , Gao Yihan graduated from Meiji University .
Eliza Manningham - Buller worked as a teacher for three years at Queen 's Gate School , Kensington , London from 1971 - -74 , having read English at Lady Margaret Hall , Oxford , before joining the Security Service .
Paul F. van der Heijden ( born 18 September 1949 in Utrecht ) is professor of international labour law at Leiden University , the Netherlands .
Satinder Sartaaj concentrated on his sufiana musical career having done his M. Phil in Sufi music singing and later a PhD in Sufi singing ( gayan ) from Panjab University , Chandigarh .
Truman B. Ransom ( September 20 , 1802 - -September 13 , 1847 ) was a Vermont educator and military officer who served as President of Norwich University and commander of a regiment in the Mexican--
Kate Carroll a pioneer , who received a B.A. in Chemistry , from Mills College in 1996 and her Ph.D. in Chemistry from Stanford University in 2003 .
Kyeon Mi - ri graduated from Seoul Traditional Arts High School in 1983 , then studied Dance at Sejong University .
Born in Woolwich on 25 December 1890 , Noël Louis St Pierre Bunbury was educated at Bedford School and at the Royal Military College , Sandhurst .
One year after the end of the Cultural Revolution , Zhou Long was one of one hundred students chosen from eighteen thousand applicants to study at the newly reopened Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing in 1977 .
Prof . Sammu Raghu De Silva Chandrakeerthy was born in 1945 and had his schooling at Richmond College , Galle .
Nicholas Daniloff ( born December 30 , 1934 ) is an American journalist who graduated from Harvard University and was most prominent in the 1980s for his reporting on the Soviet Union .
Andries Mac Leod was born in Ledeberg , a suburb of Ghent , as a son of Julius Mac Leod , a botanist and professor at Ghent University , and of Fanny Mac Leod born Maertens , who was translator from English into Dutch of two books by Kropotkin .
Frank M. Bryan is the John G. McCullough Professor of Political Science at the University of Vermont .
Born as the son of a post official in Krems , in the Cisleithanian crown land of Lower Austria , Wilhelm Miklas graduated from high school at Seitenstetten and went on to study history and geography at the University of Vienna .
Atherstone was the son of William Guybon Atherstone ( medical practitioner , naturalist , geologist and MP ) and was born in Grahamstown on 20 June 1843 , he attended St. Andrew 's College , Grahamstown and King 's College London where he qualified as a civil engineer .
Many of Isabella Cannon 's grants to Elon University have a focus on education and encourage community service , reflecting on her belief to `` think globally , act locally '' .
Wouter Beke studied Social Law at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and Political Sciences at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven .
Octavian Paler went on to study Philosophy and Law at the University of Bucharest .
Rah Digga was born in New Jersey and went to study electrical engineering at the New Jersey Institute of Technology after scoring 1340 out of 1600 on her SATs .
Süreyya Ciliv received his MBA degree from Harvard University in 1983 after successfully graduating with honors in Industry & Operations Engineering and Computer Engineering from the University of Michigan in 1981 .
Rupert Lowe was educated at Radley College and Reading University before gaining a reputation working in the city for companies such as Morgan Grenfell and Deutsche Bank .
Ron Penfound was born on January 28 , 1927 in Elyria , Ohio , to Archie and Marjorie ( Saywell ) Penfound , and served in the U.S. Navy during World War II . He attended Kenyon College and was a classmate of actor Paul Newman .
John Shert was born at Shert Hall near Macclesfield , Cheshire , and received his degree from Brasenose College , Oxford , in 1566 .
Mordechai Shani received an M.D. from the Hadassah Medical School at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
The son of the well - known historian of the early American republic and editor of the Papers of Alexander Hamilton , Harold Syrett ( d. 1984 ) , David Syrett was graduated from Columbia University in 1961 .
Marjorie Yang holds a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an MBA from the Harvard Business School .
Henry Stanbery graduated from Washington College in Washington , Pennsylvania ( now Washington and Jefferson College near Pittsburgh ) and studied law .
Bernhard Salin took the matriculation examination at the Public Grammar School in Nyköping May 28 , 1880 and then became a student at Uppsala University , where he became in 1885 Bachelor in Scandinavian languages , the aesthetics of art and literature , Latin , history , political science and astronomy .
Gerardo Molina Ramírez ( August 6 , 1906 - March 29 , 1991 ) was a Colombian Congressman who served in both chambers , a lawyer and professor who was dean of the National University of Colombia and of the Free University of Colombia .
Daniel Chandler ( born 1952 ) is a British visual semiotician based ( since 2001 ) at the department of Theatre , Film and Television Studies at Aberystwyth University ( where he has taught since 1989 ) .
Bodil Koch graduated from the University of Copenhagen with a master 's degree in theology in 1929 , the same year she married Hal Koch .
Sara Wheeler was brought up in Bristol and studied Classics and Modern Languages at Brasenose College , University of Oxford .
Colgate , a 1922 Yale University graduate , and brother of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity ( Phi chapter ) ; was also one of five children of Gilbert Colgate , Sr . , who was the great - grandson of William Colgate , who founded what is now the Colgate - Palmolive Company .
Dorothy Bond studied piano and cello at the Royal Academy of Music in London .
Jaroslav Flegr is a professor of biology at Charles University in Prague .
Israel Knohl ( Hebrew : ישראל קנוהל ) is the Yehezkel Kaufmann Chair of Biblical studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a Senior Fellow at Shalom Hartman Institute in Jerusalem .
Maurice Roy Ridley ( 25 January 1890 , in Orcheston St Mary -- 12 June 1969 ) was a writer and poet , Fellow and Chaplain of Balliol College , Oxford .
Raju Narayana Swamy obtained his Computer Science Graduation from the Indian Institute of Technology , Madras .
Steven Fromholz was born in Temple , Texas and attended the University of North Texas where he was president of the Folk Music Club .
The son of Charles Fearne , judge - advocate of the admiralty , he was born in London , and was educated at Westminster School .
Sir Thomas Exton ( 1631 - -1688 ) was an English admiralty lawyer , Member of Parliament , and Master of Trinity Hall , Cambridge .
Desilu Productions ( /ˈdɛsiːluː/ ) was an American television production company co - owned by husband and wife Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball , best known for shows such as I Love Lucy , Star Trek , and The Untouchables .
UNESCO has offices in many locations across the globe ; its headquarters are located at Place de Fontenoy in Paris , France .
The Chester Pipe and Tube Company was a company incorporated in 1877 in Chester , Pennsylvania by shipbuilder John Roach for the manufacture of iron pipes and boiler tubes for the steamships built at his Chester shipyard , the Delaware River Iron Ship Building and Engine Works .
Schneider 's Bakery , Inc. is a television production company founded by Dan Schneider .
Notable individuals such as American actor Leonard Nimoy , American authors Michael Chabon and Ayelet Waldman , and Israeli authors David Grossman and Amos Oz support Peace Now 's objectives .
The Benaki Museum , established and endowed in 1930 by Antonis Benakis in memory of his father Emmanuel Benakis , is housed in the Benakis family mansion in downtown Athens , Greece .
Campaign Against Psychiatric Abuse was a group that was founded by Soviet dissident Viktor Fainberg in April 1975 and participated in the struggle against political abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union from 1975 to 1988 .
Balaji Telefilms is an Indian company owned by actor Jeetendra , which produces Indian soap operas , reality TV , comedy , game shows , entertainment and factual programming in several Indian languages .
Austrian Service Abroad is a non - profit initiative and was founded in 1998 by Andreas Maislinger and Andreas Hörtnagl .
In honor of his great - grandfather and grandfather , Maybach heir Ulrich Schmid - Maybach formed the Wilhelm and Karl Maybach Foundation .
Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises ( LEYE ) is a group of approximately 90 restaurants founded by Rich Melman and Jerry A. Orzoff in Chicago , IL in 1971 .
Ramoji Film City was established by Indian film producer Ramoji Rao , head of Ramoji Group , in 1996 .
The Society of Mary ( Marists ) , is a Roman Catholic religious institute , founded by ( later ) Father Jean - Claude Colin and a group of other seminarians in France in 1816 .
The AlloSphere was developed by a team of scientists , led primarily by Professor JoAnn Kuchera - Morin , a professor in the field of Composition , of the Media Arts & Technology Program of UCSB .
KiK was founded in 1994 by Stefan Heinig and the holding company Tengelmann Group .
Izaak Enschedé ( 16 April 1681 in Haarlem -- 1 May 1761 in Haarlem ) was the founder of the printing company Royal Joh . Enschedé in 1703 .
The organization was previously known as the Michael Feinstein Foundation for the Education and Preservation of the Great American Songbook and the Michael Feinstein Great American Songbook Initiative ; in July 2014 , the organization 's board of directors voted to permanently change its name to the Great American Songbook Foundation .
Charles Delaunay , August 1946 Schism between hot clubs Panassié , who through November 1946 , had been editor - in - chief of Jazz Hot and President of the Hot Club of France , was furious over Delaunay 's views in support for new jazz and threw him out as Secretary General of the Hot Club .
The Crusade of Romanianism ( Romanian : Cruciada Românismului , also known as Vulturii Albi , `` White Eagles '' , or Steliștii , `` Stelists '' ) was an eclectic far - right movement in Romania , founded in 1934 by Mihai Stelescu .
Bush Heritage Australia was founded in 1990 by Dr Bob Brown who purchased two forested properties in Tasmania , adjoining the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site , to save them from being woodchipped .
Silver Pictures is an American film production company founded by Hollywood producer Joel Silver during 1985 .
It was developed by the XFree86 Project , Inc. The lead developer was David Dawes .
In 1999 France and Germany started a politico - military initiative to `` prepare the establishment of a European Air Transport Command '' .
MusicWriter was founded in 1989 by music industry veterans Jon Monday and Larry Heller to develop and market NoteStation , a kiosk - based retail `` point - of - sale manufacturing '' system for the distribution and printing of sheet music .
Derrick Jensen is a prominent member of the Deep Green Resistance Advisory Board .
FWD ( originally Free World Dialup ) was a Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) network and business venture owned by Pulver.com , Inc. and founded in 1994 by Jeff Pulver , Brandon Lucas , and Izak Jenie .
In February 2013 , the GEO Group 's private foundation pledged US$ 6 million to company founder George Zoley 's alma mater , Florida Atlantic University .
KZBL 's website , www.kzblradio.com , was established in May , 2010 .
The Capital City Film Festival was founded in 2011 in the hopes of screening and encouraging local shorts and feature - length movies being made in and about Michigan .
Farrar & Rinehart ( 1929 - -1946 ) was a United States book publishing company founded in New York .
Nobody 's Bizzness was founded in 2004 by French recording artist Miss Kittin .
The 9th U - boat Flotilla ( German 9 . Unterseebootsflottille ) was formed in October 1941 in Brest .
The Jesus Lizard was an American rock band formed in 1987 in Austin , Texas and based in Chicago , Illinois .
Bunchball was founded by Rajat Paharia in 2005 and has raised $ 17.5 million in funding .
Comedy Central Poland is a Polish - language channel focusing on comedy which was launched on October 19 , 2006 .
In 2015 , Elance - oDesk was rebranded as Upwork .
KTGF started broadcasting on September 21 , 1986 under the ownership of Continental Television .
Severstal Columbus , LLC , formerly known as SeverCorr Corporation , was founded in April 2005 by a group of steel executives including former Nucor Corporation CEO John Correnti .
Krezip was a Dutch band from Tilburg , formed in 1997 .
Siemens Communications division was founded in 1998 through the amalgamation of a number of early groups / divisions of Siemens AG - the oldest of which traces back to the company ' Siemens & Halske Telegraph Construction Company ' founded in 1847 , and the most prominent predecessor being the 1978 founded ' Siemens Communication Systems ' .
The Karabakh Khanate ( Persian : ՝ خانات قره‌باغ‎‎ -- Khānāt - e Ḡarabāḡ , Azerbaijani : Qarabağ xanlığı ) was a semi - independent Turkic khanate on the territories of modern Azerbaijan established in about 1750 under Persian suzerainty in Karabakh and adjacent areas .
Smoky Mountain Wrestling was a professional wrestling promotion that held events in the Appalachian area of the United States from October 1991 to December 1995 , when it was run by Jim Cornette .
Founded in 2006 , Skysouth began operations to France in June 2006 .
Korn ( stylized as KoЯn ) is an American nu metal band from Bakersfield , California , formed in 1993 .
Bird Rock State Marine Conservation Area and Blue Cavern State Marine Conservation Areas are two of 36 new marine protected areas adopted by the California Fish and Game Commission in December , 2010 during the third phase of the Marine Life Protection Act Initiative .
The Elbhangfest is a street festival held in Dresden , Germany on the last weekend of June each year since 1990 , focusing on the unique culture and built landscape of the hillsides on the banks of the Elbe river .
The United States Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau ( TTB ) approved the formula for Kübler Absinthe in 2004 , and approved the product for sale in the United States in May 2007 after three years of discussions among Kübler , Food and Drug Administration , TTB , and U.S. Customs and Border Protection .
WLYC 's first air date was June 26 , 1951 .
The DesignSingapore Council ( Chinese : 新加坡设计理事会 ) of Singapore was established in 2003 as the national agency for promoting design .
Princess Air was a British charter airline between 1989 and 1991 with headquarters at Southend - on - Sea in Essex and an operating base at Southend Airport .
Midnight Syndicate is an American musical group that has been working mainly in the genre of gothic music since 1997 and is based out of Chardon , Ohio , a suburb of Cleveland .
In 1999 , the station became an Italian restaurant and received its current name , La Stazione .
The Everett Hawks are a now - defunct professional ( 2002 - -05 ) and later minor - league ( 2006 - -07 ) arena football team based in Everett , Washington , USA .
Ameriprise Financial began life as Investors Syndicate in 1894 .
On 18 February 2010 , Denim Air ceased operations after all wet - lease contracts had ended within weeks and Dutch legal company De Vos & Partners was appointed as curator of wet - lease specialist Denim Air after it was declared bankrupt .
Godkiller is a one - man industrial black metal band from Monaco featuring Duke , started in 1994 .
The Naters Brass Quintet ( NBQ ) was a small group formed in 1990 , and is known for its modern entertainment music .
JEERK is a rhythm performance group from Sweden , which was formed in 2002 .
The channel was launched in September 2001 as DejaView .
The Canadian Football Network ( CFN ) was the official television syndication service of the Canadian Football League from 1987 to 1990 .
Russia-1 ( Russian : Россия-1 ) is a state - owned Russian television channel founded in 1991 .
WWOOF originally stood for `` Working Weekends On Organic Farms '' and began in England in 1971 .
It began in 1999 , when Lucasfilm held the Star Wars Celebration in Denver , Colorado to celebrate the upcoming release of Star Wars Episode I :
In September 1999 , the four left McFarlane to found Four Horsemen Studios , where , in a partnership with Mattel , they created hundreds of figures for Mattel 's Masters of the Universe , The Dark Knight , Harry Potter , DC Universe Classics and Man of Steel toy lines , among others .
Committee for National Revolution was a Turkic Nationalist Uighur party which existed in 1932 - 1934 .
KXFT signed on in November 2007 with a Top 40 ( CHR ) format as `` 99X '' .
Lake Ophelia National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1988 to protect the Mississippi / Red River floodplain ecosystem .
Juno Reactor was formed as an art project in 1990 .
Broadway Books , an imprint of the Crown Publishing Group , a Division of Random House , Inc. , released its first list in Fall , 1996 .
Oy Karelian Trains Ltd is a joint venture agreed on 23 November 2006 between Russian Railways ( RZhD ) and VR Group ( Finnish Railways ) to facilitate the operation of international express passenger rail services between Helsinki , Finland , and Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Mediaset Premium was launched on January 20 , 2005 , initially offering only pay - per - view services for movies and sports .
Tamil Nadu Fisheries University ( TNFU ) is the 20th university in Tamil Nadu , founded in 2012 in Nagapattinam , Nagapattinam district .
The Omaha Vipers were a professional indoor soccer team that began play in the MISL in the 2010 - 11 season .
Vennaskond ( Estonian for Brotherhood ) is an Estonian punk rock band founded in 1984 .
Marmot Day was first celebrated in 2002 as a day celebrating all marmots .
Cyprus Turkish Airlines was established on 4 December 1974 in Nicosia , with shares equally divided between THY and the Cash Development of the Consolidated Fund of the Assembly of the Turkish Cypriot Community ( Konsolide Fonu Inkisaf Sandigi ) .
GMO Answers launched by the agricultural biotechnology industry in July 2013 to answer consumers '' questions about genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) in crops in the U.S. food supply .
Stop Islamisation of Norway ( Norwegian : Stopp islamiseringen av Norge , SIAN ) is a Norwegian organisation which was established in 2008 , although its history goes back to a group started in 2000 .
The Krasnow Institute for Advanced Study of George Mason University was chartered in 1990 as a result of a bequest from Shelley Krasnow , a long - time resident of the National Capital Area .
Torquil Norman started Bluebird Toys in 1980 , his first product being the now famous Big Yellow Teapot House .
In 1818 , the entire island of Palawan , or Paragua as it was called , was organized as a single province named Calamianes , with its capital in Taytay .
Kon Ka Kinh National Park ( Vietnamese : Vườn quốc gia Kon Ka Kinh ) is a national park of Vietnam , established by the decision ( 167/2002/QĐ - TTg ) on November 25 , 2002 of the then Prime Minister , Phan Văn Khải .
Ocean Group International is a private holding company founded in 2005 .
The Norwegian Students ' Society was established during 1813 in Oslo , Norway .
Centavia was established in 2005 and received its first aircraft , a BAe 146 - 200 , on 15 June 2006 from Meridiana .
Greasy Grapes is a rock & roll band formed in 2006 by Antonio Romero ( guitar ) , Leo Laya ( vocals ) , Alberto Márquez ( bass ) and Rafael Márquez ( drums ) in Caracas and mostly influenced by Southern Rock bands from the Deep South of the US .
The Fabri Literary Prize was established in 2006 to honor the memory of Frances Fabri .
World Faith is an international NGO founded in 2008 by Frank Fredericks .
Established as an Attack Squadron designated VA-127 on 15 June 1962 at NAS Lemoore , California , it was redesignated VFA-127 on 1 March 1987 .
Mantric is a progressive metal band from Oslo , Norway that formed in 2007 .
The Rotary Smith Award was created in 1988 to honor the most outstanding college baseball player of the year .
Its predecessor , the Chicago and Alton Railroad ( reporting mark C&A ) , was purchased by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in 1931 and was controlled until 1942 when the Alton was released to the courts .
The Gathering Field are an American rock quartet from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , who recorded five albums from 1994 until 2001 .
The Castle Coalition was founded in March 2002 as a project of the Institute for Justice in response to the number of the requests attorneys received from citizens facing threats of eminent domain who were years away from any actual litigation .
The Global Indian Foundation ( GIF ) is a Singapore - based non - profit foundation which was established in 2002 to provide quality education and allied services to the Indian diaspora across the world .
The municipality was established on 18 May 2014 merging with existing Janalibandali , Kuntibandali , Oligau , Jupu and Mangalsen VDCs .
Founded in 1990 , Fraser Valley Distance Education School is part of a provincial group of nine distance education schools located throughout British Columbia .
It was established on 15 June 1935 , originally as the Young Lushai Association ( YLA ) , which was later replaced with the `` Young Mizo Association '' in 1947 .
Belfast Harlequins was formed in 1999 with the merger of Collegians , North of Ireland Cricket Club and North of Ireland Football Club .
Getac was established in 1989 as a joint venture between Taiwanese computer electronics manufacturer MiTAC and GE Aerospace Group , and is a subsidiary of MiTAC - Synnex .
The AVA Radio Company ( Polish : Wytwórnia Radiotechniczna AVA ) was a Polish electronics firm founded in 1929 in Warsaw , Poland .
The Shevchenko Scientific Society is a Ukrainian scientific society devoted to the promotion of scholarly research and publication that was founded in 1873 .
Goatwhore is an American extreme metal band formed in 1997 in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States .
The Anti - Masonic Party was formed in upstate New York in February of 1828 .
Velocity Games is an internationally recognized action sports event founded in Texas in 2003 and considered `` the most publicized windsports event in the nation , '' by Kiteatlas.com .
Enterproid was founded in 2010 by former Morgan Stanley mobile security and IT executives .
Speed Up is an Italian motorcycle racing team and constructor founded in 2010 and based in Vicenza , Italy .
Krrb.com launched in November 2010 and incorporated as Krrb , Inc. in January 2011 .
Averse Sefira was formed in 1996 by guitarist and vocalist Sanguine Mapsama and bassist Wrath Sathariel Diabolus .
TVSN began broadcasting in 1995 from their Lane Cove , Sydney headquarters .
50FOOTWAVE is an American alternative rock band , formed in 2003 .
The company was founded in Berlin by bookseller Carl Herlitz in September 1904 as a stationery wholesaler .
Animal Allsorts is a registered animal rescue charity in the United Kingdom founded in 2002 by Theresa Hipkiss .
The first Reading Pride was held on Saturday 4 September 2004 at King 's Meadow in Reading .
I Do n't Pay Movement ( Greek : Κίνημα Δεν Πληρώνω , Kínima den Pliróno ) is a Greek political party founded in March 2012 by citizens who participated in the `` I do n't pay '' movement .
San Marino Common Good ( Italian : San Marino Bene Comune ) is a centrist political and electoral alliance in San Marino , formed to contest the 2012 general election .
The Computer Conservation Society ( CCS ) is a British organisation , founded in 1989 .
The debut album , Antony and the Johnsons , was released in 1998 .
Nakornpayap International School is a K-12 International school founded in 1993 in Chiang Mai , Thailand offering an American style curriculum .
National Geographic Abu Dhabi is a free - to - air documentary channel that started broadcasting on July 1 , 2009 .
Vuneny are an experimental band , formed in 2003 as `` electro - acoustic '' project .
Société de Microélectronique et d'Horlogerie was the original name of the new holding company issued from the merger enforced by the Swiss Banks in 1983 of both the SSIH and ASUAG , now Swatch Group ( see ) .
The Fraumünster Church ( lit . in English : Women 's Minster , but often wrongly translated to ( Our ) Lady Minster ) in Zurich is built on the remains of a former abbey for aristocratic women which was founded in 853 by Louis the German for his daughter Hildegard .
Girish and The Chronicles ( commonly abbreviated as GATC ) is an Indian Hard rock / Heavy Metal band from Gangtok , Sikkim , formed in 2009 , by the Singer - Songwriter / Vocalist Girish Pradhan .
In 1908 the Christian Historical Party merged with the Frisian League to found the Christian Historical Union .
It was built in 1917 - -1918 by the Kunsthalle Bern Association and opened on October 5 , 1918 .
Miss Junk is a trash - hauling company Launched in 2008 by brothers Ramon and Tony Mercado .
In 1996 Pearson , PLC . bought the production company All American Television , and then re - branded it as Pearson Television .
Dub Proof was founded in 2007 by bassist Nick Paolise , guitarist / vocalist Sean Milano , saxophonist David Hollander and drummer Patrick Clarke .
Sud - PTT is a French trade union created in fall 1988 after the exclusion of more radical elements from the CFDT - PTT .
The first Wayback Burgers location was opened in 1991 in Delaware , under the name Jake 's Hamburgers .
Apogee Components , established in 1989 , is a company that supplies motors , kits and components for mid and high power rocketry .
Headquartered at Chennai , The Hindu was published weekly when it was launched in 1878 , and started publishing daily in 1889 .
The Connecticut Grand Opera and Orchestra is a non - profit , professional opera company and orchestra founded under that name in 1993 and based in Stamford , Connecticut in the United States .
Underground Development ( formerly known as Z - Axis Games ) was a video game developer founded in 1994 by David Luntz .
The Migration Policy Institute ( MPI ) is a Washington , D.C .- based think tank established in 2001 by Kathleen Newland and Demetrios G. Papademetriou .
The Association Nationale pour le Développement des Arts de la Mode ( English : National Association for the Development of the Fashion Arts ) commonly known as ANDAM , is a nonprofit association law created 1989 , which organizes a contest intended to identify each year and launch designers on the scene of the French and international fashion .
The Quicken Loans National ( known as the AT&T National from 2007 to 2013 ) is a professional golf tournament on the PGA Tour in the Washington D.C. area , held either during late June or during the Fourth of July weekend .
Fiksu , which means `` smart '' in Finnish , was originally founded in 2008 by Micah Adler as Fluent Mobile , a news - aggregating mobile app . In early 2011 , faced with mounting marketing costs , Fluent developed a set of algorithmic tools for lowering the cost of mobile app user acquisition .
Interac was founded in 1984 as a cooperative venture between five financial institutions :
Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC ) was incorporated in May 1995 , construction started in 1998 , and the first section , on the Red Line , opened in 2002 .
Changsha Medical University / College ( CSMU ) , China 's governmental medical university for undergraduates , was founded by the famous educator Binsheng He in 1989 .
The Coast Alliance ( Spanish : Alianza Costeña - AC ) was a regional Nicaraguan political coalition of five parties founded in 1997 in opposition to the Constitutionalist Liberal Party and the Sandinista National Liberation Front .
The Newkirk Viaduct Monument was erected in 1839 in present - day Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , by the Philadelphia , Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad to mark the 1838 completion of the Newkirk Viaduct , also called the Gray 's Ferry Bridge , over the Schuylkill River .
The World Day Against Child Labour is an International Labour Organization ( ILO ) sanctioned holiday first launched in 2002 aiming to raise awareness and activism to prevent child labour .
The Alphonsian Academy was founded in 1949 by the Redemptorists .
Big Big Train is an English progressive rock band , founded in 1990 .
Blue Scholars is an American hip hop duo based in Seattle , Washington , created in 2002 while the members , DJ Sabzi ( Saba Mohajerjasbi ) and MC Geologic ( George Quibuyen ) , were students at University of Washington .
United Therapeutics was founded in 1996 by Martine Rothblatt , an American lawyer , author , and entrepreneur .
Toccata Classics is an independent British classic music label founded in 2005 .
Funk Trek is a funk / jazz fusion band formed in 2008 in Omaha , Nebraska by cousins Tom Murnan and Dan Pflug , with guitarist and friend Andrew Wahl .
Aperture Entertainment is a boutique management / production company founded by Adam Goldworm in March 2009 .
The company that is today Croatia Records was founded in 1947 in Zagreb , the capital of the then - People 's Republic of Croatia under the name Jugoton , a publicly owned company which was the largest record label and chain record store in the former SFR Yugoslavia .
In 1881 , the line was sold to a syndicate that included William J. Palmer and it was given a new charter as the Texas Mexican Railway .
United International University ( Bengali : ইউনাইটেড আন্তর্জাতিক বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) or UIU is a private university located in Dhaka , Bangladesh , The government of Bangladesh approved the establishment of United International University in 2003 under the Private University Act ( PUA ) 1992 ( now replaced by PUA 2010 ) .
The Grote Prijs Stad Eeklo is a cyclo - cross race in Eeklo , Belgium organised since 1996 by Wielerclub Sportvrienden Eeklo .
Vulcanair was founded in 1996 after purchasing all the assets , type design , trademarks and rights of the bankrupt Partenavia .
Team Lazarus were founded in 2009 by Tancredi Pagiaro , who also founded the GP Racing team in 1997 .
Cardiacs are an English rock band formed in 1977 , originally as Cardiac Arrest , led by Tim Smith .
Park Place Productions was a corporation founded in 1989 by Michael Knox , Troy Lyndon and Stephen Quinn .
The ECI Prize is a prize awarded annually from 1986 onwards to an ecologist distinguished by outstanding and sustained scientific achievements .
Manufactum was founded in 1988 by Thomas Hoof , former managing director of the German Green Party in North Rhine - Westphalia .
The Campaign for Primary Accountability is a nonpartisan Super PAC created in 2011 .
It was founded in either 1732 or in 1773 and was called Sysertsky Zavod ( Сысертский Завод ) until 1932 .
A&E Records was formalised on 19 May 2003 , when the NewsCorp Music Group of independent record labels , comprising Mushroom Records UK , Infectious Records , Ultimate Dilemma , Perfecto and 48 K , were absorbed into WMG 's East West after 20 months of negotiations , with all of its roster transferring over .
Joy Air is a Chinese airline launched jointly by China Eastern Airlines and AVIC I on March 29 , 2008 based at Xi'an .
Oil Transporting Joint - Stock Company Transneft was established by Decree of the Government of the Russian Federation No . 810 dated 14 August 1993 in pursuance of Decree of the President of the Russian Federation No . 1403 dated 17 November 1992 .
Fagor Electrodomésticos was one many companies in the Mondragon Group , the world 's largest workers ' co - operative group formed in 1956 in a small workshop in Mondragon , Spain .
In 1542 , records indicate that 126 people were living in Guadalajara and , in the same year , the status of city was granted by the king of Spain .
BooksActually was established by Kenny Leck and Karen Wai in 2005 on the second floor of a shophouse along Telok Ayer Street with capital pooled from savings and family .
Eyedentity Games , Inc. is a South Korean developer of online games founded in 2007 .
Jurnal TV represents a general TV channel from the Republic of Moldova , launched in 2009 on Internet and in 2010 in ether , which transmits in Romanian and partially in Russian .
Bayer AG ( /ˈbaɪər/ ; German pronunciation : ( ˈbaɪ̯ɐ ) ) is a German multinational chemical and pharmaceutical company founded in Barmen ( today a part of Wuppertal ) , Germany in 1863 .
Asphyx is a Dutch death metal band that was formed in Overijssel , Netherlands in 1987 .
The Board of Studies was the state government education board in New South Wales , Australia from 1990 to 2013 .
AMPEI was founded in 1992 in a meeting in which Sylvia Ortega - Salazar was elected as its first President .
The Klaipėda Region ( Lithuanian : Klaipėdos kraštas ) or Memel Territory ( German : Memelland or Memelgebiet ) was defined by the Treaty of Versailles in 1920 and refers to the most northern part of the German province of East Prussia , when as Memelland it was put under the administration of the Council of Ambassadors .
The channel originated in 1947 as `` Hilversum 2 '' , and transmitted using its original name until 1 December 1985 , when the name was changed to `` Radio 1 '' , and remained so until becoming `` NPO Radio 1 '' in 2014 .
Jackie - O Motherfucker is an American experimental music group that formed in Portland , Oregon in 1994 .
The OU was established under the Open University of Mauritius Act No . 2 of 2010 , proclaimed in July 2012 .
They Might Be Giants ( often abbreviated as TMBG ) is an American alternative rock band formed in 1982 by John Flansburgh and John Linnell .
GNATS had its first stable release in 1992 .
The John Mackintosh Hall was opened to the public by the then Governor , General Sir Dudley Ward , on 8 April 1964 .
FIBA EuroStars was an annual event , organized by FIBA Europe , as a showcase basketball game , from 1996 - 97 season until the 1999 - 00 season .
The Jazz Foundation of America ( JFA ) is a non - profit organization based in Manhattan , New York founded in 1989 .
Abington Art Center , located in Abington Township , a northern suburb of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , is a non - collecting contemporary art museum located in a 1939 manor house with exhibition galleries and a sculpture park .
Finally , Novoair started conducting domestic flights as a scheduled operation on January 2013 .
Markize is a French - Russian heavy metal band founded in 2003 by the singer - songwriter Alina Dunaevskaya and drummer David Verbecq .
Electric Sound of Joy were a rock band formed in Chesterfield in 1994 They released an eponymous album in 1999 and also recorded a Peel Session .
Redback Networks was founded in August , 1996 by Gaurav Garg and Asher Waldfogel , and traded on NASDAQ under the symbol RBAK .
Judy Sole founded the Government by the People Green Party ( GPGP ) in 1999 , and the party has contested elections as the Green Party of South Africa since the 2000 local elections .
The community of Wehretal , containing 3 920 ha , came into being in 1971 and 1972 through the merger of the communities of Hoheneiche , Langenhain , Vierbach and Oetmannshausen into the administrative centre , the community of Reichensachsen .
In 1999 , it created the separate Foundation for People with Learning Disabilities .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ; French : Agence internationale de l'énergie ) is a Paris - based autonomous intergovernmental organization established in the framework of the Organisation for Economic Co - operation and Development ( OECD ) in 1974 in the wake of the 1973 oil crisis .
In Basel , in 1433 , Gersau received original confirmation of the ancient freedoms , rights and privileges from Emperor Sigismund , thus becoming a Reichsunmittelbar municipality under the direct protection of the Holy Roman Emperor , with its own courts , covering an area of 24 km2 ( 9.3 sq mi ) .
Transmeta was founded in 1995 by Bob Cmelik , Dave Ditzel , Colin Hunter , Ed Kelly , Doug Laird , Malcolm Wing and Greg Zyner .
The Procussions were formed in Colorado Springs , Colorado in 1998 when two competing b - boy crews --
Kreindler & Kreindler LLP is a U.S. law firm founded in 1950 with offices in New York , California and Massachusetts .
Parkwood Entertainment is an American entertainment and management company founded by American singer Beyoncé in 2008 .
International Technological University ( ITU ) was founded in 1994 by Professor Shu - Park Chan , previously a professor and interim dean of the School of Engineering at Santa Clara University .
Widdlesworth was formed in November 2003 by Ryland Raus as an acoustic solo project .
Prehype partnered with Matt Meeker and Carly Strife in September 2011 to develop a new business called BarkBox .
The Australian Commission for Law Enforcement Integrity ( ACLEI ) is an Australian government statutory agency , created under the Law Enforcement Integrity Commissioner Act 2006 .
Dope Stars Inc. is an alternative and industrial rock band from Rome , Italy formed in 2003 .
Sweet Billy Pilgrim formed in 2003 after their previous band , Cordisto , came to an end .
H. Aschehoug & Co. ( W. Nygaard ) , commonly known as Aschehoug,(pronounced ( ˈɑskəˈhæʉ ) ) is one of the largest independent publishing companies in Norway , founded in 1872 .
Established in 1964 , the Robert Bosch Stiftung aims to advance the philanthropic and social endeavors of founder Robert Bosch ( 1861 - -1942 ) .
It was not until 8 April 1875 that a bill was finally passed providing for the creation of a Supreme Court of Canada .
The second Republic of Yucatán began in 1841 , with its declaration of independence from the Mexican Federation .
The Human Chain for Hungary ( Hungarian : Élőlánc Magyarországért ) , or simply Human Chain , is a green political party in Hungary , founded in October 2005 .
The NAACP Theatre Awards are a NAACP member voted awards started in 1991 and presented annually by the Beverly Hills - Hollywood branch of the NAACP to honor outstanding people of color in theatre .
The Institute for Study of the Jewish Question or Institute for Research of the Jewish Question ( Institut zur Erforschung der Judenfrage ) was a Nazi party - political institution , founded in April 1939 .
Mokoma is a Finnish thrash metal band formed in Lappeenranta in 1996 .
Justice for Jews from Arab Countries ( JJAC ) is a political advocacy organization founded in New York in 2002 , which was formed by the Conference of Presidents , the World Jewish Congress , the American Sephardi Federation , and the World Organization of Jews from Arab Countries .
Gold Medal Books , launched by Fawcett Publications in 1950 , was a U.S. book publisher known for introducing paperback originals , a publishing innovation at the time .
Castleson High is a high school institution established in 1995 .
Libera ! was founded in 2004 in Barcelona .
In 1971 , AMC made the General Products Division of Jeep ( producing military trucks , as well as contract and non - commercial vehicles ) a wholly owned subsidiary and renamed it AM General Corporation .
Anti Video Piracy Association of Singapore ( AVPAS ) is an anti - piracy alliance with other anime producers founded by Odex on 30 July 2003 .
Monsieur Doumani is a three - piece Cypriot band formed in Nicosia in 2011 and was nominated for `` Best Newcomer '' in the acclaimed Songlines Music Awards 2014 .
Siemens Wind Power , ( formerly Danregn Vindkraft A / S and Bonus Energy A / S ) is a wind turbine manufacturer established in 1980 as Danregn Vindkraft .
Shadow Records was launched in 1995 as an Instinct Records sub - label to focus on the more organic side of the underground electronic music scene .
Ruby Receptionists was founded as Worksource Inc by Jill Nelson in 2003 .
The Edgar Martínez Outstanding Designated Hitter Award , commonly referred to as the Edgar Martínez Award and originally known as the Outstanding Designated Hitter Award , has been presented annually to the most outstanding designated hitter ( DH ) in the American League ( AL ) in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) since 1973 .
The European Investment Bank ( EIB ) is the European Union 's nonprofit long - term lending institution established in 1958 under the Treaty of Rome .
With roots that go back to approximately 1832 , the companies that went on to become American LaFrance built hand - drawn , horse - drawn , and steam - powered fire engines .
The Secular Coalition for America was founded in 2002 with a melding of four U.S. secular organizations :
The Delaware College of Art and Design ( DCAD ) was founded in 1997 through a partnership between the Pratt Institute and the Corcoran College of Art and Design .
The Sony Cyber - shot DSC - F828 is a digital bridge camera announced by Sony on August 15 , 2003 .
Band of Susans was an American noise rock band formed in New York City in 1986 .
The Central Bank of Liberia , known as `` CBL '' , was founded on 18 October 1999 by an act of the Liberian legislature , and began operations in the year 2000 , at which time the National Bank of Liberia , or `` NBL '' , was dissolved .
Haier had been founded as Qingdao Refrigerator Co. in 1984 .
RTL Televizija is a Croatian commercial broadcaster with national availability that has been broadcasting since 30 April 2004 .
The agency was created by consolidating three existing space entities into a single new organization via the Space Florida Act , enacted in May 2006 by the Florida Legislature .
In 1988 , US subsidiary KTM North America Inc. was founded in Lorain , Ohio .
The Chemours Company , commonly referred to as Chemours , is an American chemical company that was founded in July 2015 as a spin - off from DuPont .
Ugly Love ( 1998 ) Spottiswoode & His Enemies ( 2000 ) Building A Road ( 2002 ) That 's What I Like ( 2007 ) Salvation ( 2008 ) Wild Goosechase Expedition ( 2011 ) English Dream ( 2014 )
North Melbourne Football Club originated in the year 1869 , when a football team was formed for local cricketers desiring to keep fit over the winter months .
The Vilnius International Film Festival ( VIFF ) - `` Kino pavasaris '' is a film festival held annually in March in Vilnius , Lithuania since 1995 , and is the largest film festival in the nation in number of films and audience .
The Dubliners were an Irish folk band founded in Dublin in 1962 .
The Navy Ceremonial Duty Ribbon is a decoration of the United States Navy which was established on December 12 , 2003 by order of Secretary of the Navy Gordon R. England .
Azari & III ( pronounced `` Azari and Third '' ) were a Canadian music group formed in 2008 , performing house , electronic and dance music .
L.A. Style wes most notable for their 1991 single `` James Brown Is Dead '' , which appeared on Billboard 's Hot 100 Airplay chart , becoming the first EDM techno music to venture near the top 50 of the main Billboard singles chart .
In 1949 , it was merged with the villages and renamed Zhigulyovsk .
The Department of Finance was formed by way of an Administrative Arrangements Order issued on 18 September 2013 and replaced the functions previously performed by the former Department of Finance and Deregulation .
Aggeneys is a mining town established in 1976 on a farm of that name , situated between Pofadder and Springbok in the Northern Cape , South Africa .
Primer 55 was formed in 1997 by guitarist Bobby Burns and vocalist J - Sin .
The Spartans Drum and Bugle Corps was founded in 1955 by Albert LaFlamme as a way to keep at - risk youth off of the streets .
A class D station , WGEV applied for a power upgrade and move to class A status in 1989 but that move was rejected in July 1989 as it would have caused significant interference with the broadcast signal of WYSU in Youngstown , Ohio .
Zekes was a dansband , established in January 2009 in Skara , Sweden .
They established the Sree Narayana Sevika Samajam in 1964 .
Stratesec ( formerly known as Securacom and Burns and Roe Securacom ) was a security company founded in 1987 and based out of Woodcliff Lake , New Jersey .
On 1 January 2016 , the former commune Les Moëres was merged into Ghyvelde .
Ourlives is an Icelandic rock band that formed in Reykjavik Iceland in 2005 .
Originally an a cappella vocal group founded in 1989 , The Cardinall 's Musick embraces a wide range of styles and periods : from a complete reconstruction of a Tudor mass in Hampton Court to the world premieres of commissions from composers Michael Finnissy , Matthew Martin , Judith Weir and Simon Whalley .
Hostess Brands , LLC is a bakery company formed in June 2013 .
Rockford Iqra School was established in 1998 as an elementary school .
St. John Vianney Roman Catholic Primary School is a school in Port Loyola , Belize City , Belize , established in 1987 .
Street Kids International ( or Street Kids ) is a Canadian based non - governmental organization founded by Peter Dalglish and Frank O'Dea in 1988 .
VisualSonics was founded in 1999 by medical physicist Dr. Stuart Foster , who has been involved in the development of high - frequency ultrasonic systems since 1983 .
Eesti Päevaleht was founded on 5 June 1995 , when the newspapers Hommikuleht , Päevaleht ( previously Noorte Hääl ) and Rahva Hääl were merged into a single publication .
The Itaipava São Paulo Indy 300 presented by Nestlé was an event in the IRL IndyCar Series , which opened the 2010 IndyCar Series season .
Ghad El - Thawra Party ( Arabic : حزب غد الثورة‎ Ḥizb Ghad el - Thawra ; `` Revolution 's Tomorrow Party '' ) , is a Egyptian political party that was approved on 9 October 2011 .
JYJ ( formerly known as Junsu / Yuchun / Jejung in Japan ) is a South Korean pop group formed in 2010 by Jaejoong , Yoochun , and Junsu , the three former members of TVXQ .
Vistula University ( VU ) ( Akademia Finansów i Biznesu Vistula ) was founded in 1996 and is one of the first private universities of Poland .
Their 2006 debut album Ayer Fue Kumbia Kings , Hoy Es Kumbia All Starz reached number one on United States Billboard 's Latin Pop Albums chart , number one on the Top Latin Albums chart , and number sixty - eight on the United States Billboard 200 .
In late 2003 , Hockey WA was formed from a merger between the Western Australian Men 's Hockey Association and the Western Australian Women 's Hockey Association .
The Presidents Cup has been held biennially since 1994 .
Burgers Bar opened their first location in 1998 in the German Colony of Jerusalem .
Cerebral Fix are an English crossover / thrash band formed in Birmingham in 1986 .
Empire Airlines was established and started operations in May 1977 in Orofino as a charter company .
McHayes was an American country music duo established in 2003 by Wade Hayes ( guitar , vocals ) , along with musician Mark McClurg ( fiddle , vocals ) .
The Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology is located in Tübingen , Germany ; it was founded in 1954 as an offshoot of the Tübingen - based Max Planck Institute for Biology .
The ship currently known as the MV Doulos Phos held the record of being the world 's oldest active ocean - faring passenger ship until December 2009 , having plied the world 's oceans from the time of her building in 1914 until being retired from cruising service at the end of 2009 .
Verlag für Geowissenschaften Berlin is a German scientific publisher of titles relating to the geological sciences , founded in 1998 .
The Engineering Heritage Awards , formally known as the Engineering Heritage Hallmark Scheme , were established by the Institution of Mechanical Engineers ( IMechE ) in 1984 to identify and promote artefacts , locations , collections and landmarks of significant engineering importance .
1957 The Egyptian government founded Bank of Alexandria to take over the Egyptian operations of Barclays Bank DCO , which the Egyptian government had nationalized in 1956 after British and French troops attacked Egypt and occupied the Suez Canal during the Suez crisis .
John Paul the Great Catholic University was founded in 2003 under the name `` New Catholic University . ''
Yellow Second was a melodic power pop band from Denver , Colorado formed in 1999 by Scott Kerr and Andrew Verdecchio , both members of the ska band Five Iron Frenzy .
The E.B. White Read Aloud Award was established in 2004 by The Association of Booksellers for Children ( ABC ) to honor books that its membership felt embodied the universal read aloud standards that were created by the work of the beloved author E.B. White .
The Cotton Research and Promotion Act of 1966 enabled the establishment of Cotton Incorporated in 1970 .
Demandware was founded in 2004 by Stephan Schambach to provide a hosted service that would enable companies to develop and manage easy - to - use , customizable e - commerce websites , rather than building a site from scratch .
The IAAF World Indoor Tour is an annual series of track and field indoor meetings to be held from 2016 onwards , beginning with the 2016 IAAF World Indoor Tour .
Following the absence of a race in 1990 , the Marathon de La Rochelle was established in its place , having its first edition on 24 November 1991 .
The Journey Through Hallowed Ground National Heritage Area denotes the region that Congress designated as a Journey Through Hallowed Ground National Heritage Area in 2008 , in a program affiliated with the National Park Service .
The Metro Health / Grand Rapids Marathon is a 26.219-mile ( 42.195 km ) race run every October in Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA since 2004 .
WSKY - TV , which was launched in October 2001 , is a full - power / full - market television independent station serving the Norfolk - Portsmouth - Newport News , VA television market ( DMA ) and the Outer Banks of North Carolina .
Cidade Nova Station ( Portuguese : Estação Cidade Nova ) is a subway station on the Rio de Janeiro Metro that services the neighbourhood of Cidade Nova in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro . The station was opened in 2010 .
Union Bank of Norway branded as Sparebanken NOR was Norway 's largest savings bank between 1990 and 1999 .
Trailer Park Sex is a German post - hardcore band from St. Pauli , Hamburg , Germany , formed in 2009 .
The present enterprise , known as Galaxy Entertainment Inc. was established in 1999 by Ellis Jacob , a former Chief Operating Officer of Loews Cineplex Entertainment , and Stephen Brown , a former Cineplex Chief Financial Officer .
The Philippine School Doha was established on October 1992 to serve the educational needs of the children of the Filipino community in the State of Qatar .
The Rural Alberta Advantage is a Canadian indie rock band that formed in 2005 in Toronto .
NetCorps Canada International was conceived in 1996 by Dr. David Johnston ( Governor General of Canada as of 2011 and former President of the University of Waterloo ) , a prominent lawyer and adviser to the federal government on information - highway issues .
24 Frames Factory is an Indian film production company established by Manchu Vishnu , son of actor Manchu Mohan Babu in 2007 and is subsidiary of Sree Lakshmi Prasanna Pictures .
Caledonian Airways was a wholly private , independent Scottish charter airline formed in April 1961 .
However in 1868 it was named Equestris Ordo Sancti Sepulcri Hierosolymitani ( English : Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem ) .
IFK Mora , founded in 1909 , is a sports club in Mora , Sweden .
Lilygreen & Maguire are a Welsh pop rock duo formed in 2011 .
The International Academic Forum was founded in Nagoya in 2009 `` to provide an opportunity for serious and thoughtful exchange between academics , members of the global business community , and practitioners in the fields of human endeavor that linked these groups together '' .
Founded in 1957 , the International Council of Shopping Centers ( ICSC ) is the global trade association of the shopping center industry .
Edge Church International was originally called Southside Christian Church when it was established in 1994 .
The company was founded in 1882 by pharmacist Paul Carl Beiersdorf in Hamburg and sold to Oscar Troplowitz in 1890 .
The American Symphony Orchestra is a New York - based American orchestra founded in 1962 by Leopold Stokowski whose mission is to demystify orchestral music and make it accessible and affordable for all audiences .
Beurger King Muslim ( or BKM ) is a fast - food restaurant launched in July 2005 .
Maped was founded in 1947 in Annecy , with its first products being brass compasses , in 1992 it proceeded to take over Mallatt , a company specializing in the manufacture of erasers , thus diversifying its range .
Ellen 's Stardust Diner was opened in 1987 after Ellen 's Cafe was closed down .
After several meetings at various trade union offices , and with the aid of the Comintern , this desire culminated in the foundation of the Portuguese Communist Party as the Portuguese Section of the Comintern on 6 March 1921 .
Established in 1895 as the Eastern Illinois State Normal School , a teacher 's college offering a two - year degree , Eastern Illinois University gradually expanded into a comprehensive university with a broad curriculum , including Baccalaureate and Master 's degrees in education , business , arts , sciences , and humanities .
Bror Hayil was the only Jewish village founded between the UN Partition Plan on 29 November 1947 and the Israeli Declaration of Independence on 14 May 1948 .
The SantralIstanbul ( Turkish : Santralİstanbul ) , opened in 2007 , is an arts and cultural complex located at the upper end of Golden Horn in the Eyüp district of Istanbul , Turkey .
EONA ADRaudio was started by General Manager Franci Pavlin and Chief Engineer Ales Dravinec in 2004 .
Rebel Zapatista Autonomous Municipalities ( in Spanish , known by the acronym `` MAREZ '' ) are small territories controlled by the Zapatista support bases in the Mexican state of Chiapas , founded in December 1994 .
The Draytones are an Anglo - Argentine music group formed in London , England in 2006 .
The Castleton Festival , launched in the summer of 2009 , has quickly become the centerpiece program of The Chateauville Foundation , established in 1997 by Lorin Maazel and Dietlinde Turban - Maazel .
Licensed to Denver , Colorado , KUVO began operations on August 29 , 1985 .
Pivotal Rockordings LLC is a record label that was founded in December 2004 by start - up businessman Leevan Macomeau who a year prior had founded the Pivotal Rage Webzine ( no longer active ) and one of its staff members , Alexi Front .
The Liberty Alliance Project was an organization formed in September 2001 to establish standards , guidelines and best practices for identity management in computer systems .
In 1993 it changed the name to Hi - Fi Centar and moved to record publishing .
Institut Pprime ( sometimes written Institut P ' ) is a CNRS laboratory created in 2010 and based in Poitiers , France .
The Phunk Junkeez are an American rap rock band from Phoenix , Arizona that formed in 1991 and have established a strong underground following .
The Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation , popularly called Radio Pakistan came into being as Pakistan Broadcasting Service on 14 August 1947 when Pakistan emerged on the world map as a new country .
Fidelio Films is a New York - based independent film production company founded by filmmakers David Figueroa García , Mark Raso , Mauro Mueller and Mauricio Leiva - Cock in 2010 .
Surabaya Stock Exchange ( SSX ) ( Bursa Efek Surabaya ( BES ) in Indonesian ) was a stock exchange that officially opened on June 16 , 1989 , based on the Minister of Finance Decree of Indonesia No . 654/KMK.010/1989 with only thirty - six shareholders .
Bloomberg News , originally known as Bloomberg Business News , was co - founded by Michael Bloomberg and Matthew Winkler in 1990 to deliver financial news reporting to Bloomberg Terminal subscribers .
Stuckism is an international art movement founded in 1999 by Billy Childish and Charles Thomson to promote figurative painting as opposed to conceptual art . By July 2012 the initial group of 13 British artists had expanded to 233 groups in 52 countries .
Longman is a publishing company founded in London , England , in 1724 and is owned by Pearson PLC . Since 1968 , Longman has been used primarily as an imprint by Pearson 's Schools business .
AdBrite , Inc. was an online ad exchange , based in San Francisco , California , which was founded by Philip J. Kaplan and Gidon Wise in 2002 .
The NC*SA constitution was adopted in November , 1994 , and is run by an elected Steering Committee .
Soulidium is an American hard rock band formed in Tampa , Florida , United States , in 2006 , currently consisting of frontman Michael McKnight .
The Amsterdams are a Romanian indie rock band formed in Bucharest in 2005 .
Neurosonic was founded in Vancouver , British Columbia in February , 2006 by vocalist / guitarist Jason Darr , who was the former lead singer of Calgary 's Out of Your Mouth .
Joyent was founded in 2004 under the name TextDrive by the Canadian typographer , art director , designer , writer and programmer Dean Allen , the creator of Textile markup , who was looking to create an ideal hosting environment for the content management system he was developing , Textpattern .
Scholarshome Shahi Eidgah started its activities in 2002 and shifted to its own building at Shahi Eidgah on 1 March 2006 .
Joint Helicopter Command was formed on 5 October 1999 , from a recommendation in the 1998 Strategic Defence Review to consolidate the battlefield helicopters of the British Army , Royal Air Force and Royal Navy under a single command .
The Atlantic Bridge Research and Education Scheme was an educational charity founded in 1997 with Margaret Thatcher as its President to promote Atlanticism , a philosophy of cooperation between the United Kingdom and the United States regarding political , economic , and defence issues .
Pivovar Kocour Varnsdorf was established in 2008 and is one of the few breweries in the Czech Republic to produce ale rather than just lager .
Arch Enemy is a Swedish melodic death metal band , originally a supergroup , from Halmstad , formed in 1996 .
Clyde Peeling 's Reptiland , which opened in 1964 , is a zoo in Allenwood , Pennsylvania that specializes in reptiles and amphibians .
The property was originally developed by Cousins Properties as the Avenue Carriage Crossing , opening in 2005 .
Perkasa or Persatuan Pribumi Perkasa ( Malay for `` Mighty Native Organization '' ) is a non - governmental Malay dominance organisation that was formed by Ibrahim Ali in the aftermath of the Malaysian general elections in 2008 .
New Wave Productions ( Arabic : نيو وايف بروداكشنز ) is a Lebanon - based pan - Arab recorded music company , production company and artist management company formed in 2007 by Lebanese musician and producer Walid Al Massih .
On October 21 , 2013 , the Genesis Prize Foundation announced that Michael Bloomberg had been chosen as the first Laureate .
Aubert Aviation ( later , SA des avions P. Aubert ) was a French aircraft manufacturing company established in 1932 by Paul Aubert at Issy - les - Moulineaux .
Statskraftverkene was split into Statnett ( power grid ) and Statkraft ( production ) in 1992 .
Italian American Motor Engineering ( IAME ) is an Italian company founded in 1968 .
Zentropa or Zentropa Entertainments is a Danish film company started in 1992 by director Lars von Trier and producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen .
TV5 Sports or Sports5 ( formerly ABC Sports from 2004 to 2008 ) is a division of TV5 Network Inc. , which airs many of the sports events in the Philippines .
The Hampshire Cricket Board ( HCB ) was formed in 1996 and is the governing body for all recreational cricket in the historic county of Hampshire .
HKT48 was officially announced on May 1 , 2011 at an AKB48 handshake event .
The annual Neerja Bhanot Award was instituted in 1990 and named in honour of Senior Flight Purser , Neerja Bhanot , who saved hundreds of lives while sacrificing her own , during the Pan Am Flight 73 hijack at Karachi Airport in September 1986 .
The Rhine Province ( German : Rheinprovinz ) , also known as Rhenish Prussia ( Rheinpreußen ) or synonymous to the Rhineland ( Rheinland ) , was the westernmost province of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Free State of Prussia , within the German Reich , from 1822 to 1946 .
The El - Keib Cabinet formed the interim executive government of Libya from 2011 to 2012 .
Hampton Court House School opened its doors in September 2001 after extensive refurbishments .
The International Transport Workers ' Federation ( ITF ) is a global union federation of transport workers ' trade unions , founded in 1896 .
Tesco Organisation started as a mail order company in 1987 releasing music from the Industrial music genre .
These two Canadian musicians , from St. Thomas and London Ontario , formed Machete Avenue in 2005 .
The I - League Golden Boot is an annual Indian association football award given to the top goalscorer at the end of the I - League season , the top domestic league competition in club Football in India , since its creation in 2007 .
Koolism started out in 1992 when Elleson ( aka DJ Rampage ) joined a group by the name Tribe Ledda L ( L for Latukefu ) , which comprised Hau and his cousins Hounga and Sione .
Grenouer is a Russian rock / metal band , formed in late 1992 in Perm .
Residual Kid is an American rock band from Austin , Texas formed in 2009 .
The airline was formerly known as Northeast Airlines ( China ) ; it re - branded itself as Hebei Airlines in 2010 .
Kashruth Council of Canada founded in 1952 , is the largest kosher certification agency in Canada .
Ceremonial Oath is a Swedish extreme metal band who formed in 1989 under the name `` Desecrator '' , changed their name to Ceremonial Oath in 1991 and disbanded in 1995 .
Founded in 1939 , Airfix was owned by Humbrol from 1986 until Humbrol 's financial collapse on 31 August 2006 .
CBGB was a New York City music club opened in 1973 by Hilly Kristal in Manhattan 's East Village .
The Egypt Civilization Party , or El - Hadara , is a small , secular , liberal political party established in Egypt in 2011 .
Founded in 1983 , the Purcell Quartet had their debut concert six months after forming , on February 14 , 1984 , at St John 's , Smith Square , London .
Berwin Leighton Paisner was formed on 1 May 2001 when the two firms merged , comprising a total of nearly 1000 staff , with 122 partners .
The Sudanese Writers Union was founded in 1985 in Khartoum , the year that democracy was restored in Sudan for a short period .
William Cramp & Sons Shipbuilding Company ( also known as William Cramp & Sons Ship & Engine Building Company ) of Philadelphia was founded in 1830 by William Cramp , and was the preeminent U.S. iron shipbuilder of the late 19th century .
Televisão Pública de Angola was founded on June 27 , 1973 as Radiotelevisão Portuguesa de Angola from Portuguese government authorities .
The Yellowstone River Compact Commission is an interstate commission that was created in 1950 by the ratification of the Yellowstone River Compact .
The Gruber Prize in Genetics , established in 2001 , is one of three international awards worth US$ 500,000 made by the Gruber Foundation , a non - profit organization based at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
Magnetic Scrolls was a British video game developer active between 1984 and 1990 .
The Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana ( Estonian : Maarjamaa Risti teenetemärk , sometimes translated as the Order of the Cross of St. Mary 's Land ) was instituted in 1995 to honour the independence of the Estonian state by president Lennart Meri .
Men 's Studies Press ( MSP ) is an academic publisher registered in Harriman , Tennessee since 1992 .
Newcastle Roller Derby League ( NRDL ) is a roller derby league based in the city of Newcastle , New South Wales founded in 2009 .
Key accomplishments of Environmental Defense Fund include : 1967 - A group of scientists forms the organization and sets out to ban DDT ( succeeding in 1972 ) .
It opened in 1999 following an $ 8.2 million donation to the Mint Museum of Art for purchase of a separate space to house the museum 's craft and design collection in Charlotte 's Uptown .
The Socialist Party of Latvia ( Latvian : Latvijas Sociālistiskā partija , LSP , Russian : Социалистическая партия Латвии ) was formed in 1994 as a successor party to the Communist Party of Latvia , which was banned in 1991 .
Despić House ( Despića kuća ) is an old merchant house in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina that was established in 1881 .
In 1992 , President George H.W. Bush signed the bill which created the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park into law .
Ernest 's combined duchy was divided again after his death in 1675 , and the Duchy of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg proper came into existence in 1680 with the completion of this division and the accession of his eldest son , Frederick to the subdivision centered on the towns of Gotha and Altenburg .
The Winston - Salem Cycling Classic is a one day race held annually since 2014 in the United States of America , rated 1.2 and is part of UCI America Tour .
VfR Mannheim is a German association football club based in Mannheim , Baden - Württemberg formed in 1911 out of the fusion of Mannheimer FG 1896 , Mannheimer FG 1897 Union , and FC Viktoria 1897 Mannheim .
Tensilica was founded in 1997 by Chris Rowen ( one of the founders of MIPS Technologies ) and was initially staffed by former employees of several other Silicon Valley processor and electronic design automation companies .
The club was founded as EHC Lustenau in 1970 .
The Société des Avions Caudron was a French aircraft company founded in 1909 by brothers Gaston Caudron ( 1882 - 1915 ) and René Caudron ( 1884 - 1959 ) .
Originally only offered in high definition , the Smithsonian Channel HD began airing on DirecTV 's new HD lineup on September 26 , 2007 .
The Brompton World Championship was first held in 2006 in Barcelona , Spain , before relocating to England in 2008 where the event was then held at Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire .
Mike Hoy started Loompanics Unlimited in East Lansing , Michigan , in 1975 .
Tres Agaves Products LLC . was founded in 2008 by Eric Rubin and Barry Augus ; the first bottle of Tequila was shipped in 2010 .
Polish Air Navigation Services Agency ( PANSA ) started its duty in 2007 as an independent unit , after isolating from `` Polish Airports '' .
Abram Nathaniel Spanel founded Playtex 's predecessor , the International Latex Corporation ( ILC ) , in 1932 to produce latex products , like bathing caps , swimwear and baby pants .
Sanlih Entertainment Television or Sanlih E - Television ( SET ; Chinese : 三立電視 ; pinyin : Sānlì Diànshì ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Saⁿ-li̍p Tiān - sī ) is a nationwide cable TV network operated in Taiwan which was founded in May 1983 .
Grupo Kalise Menorquina was created in 1999 when Interglas and Menorquina SL merged to form one company .
SheerID was founded in 2011 and has its headquarters in Eugene , Oregon .
Green Vehicles Inc. was a manufacturer of electric cars that operated in California from 2008 to 2011 .
SET Taiwan ( Chinese : 三立台灣台 ) is a television channel of the Sanlih E - Television in Taiwan , launched in September 1993 .
Geykido Comet Records ( or GC Records for short ) began as a small and humble bedroom operation in 1998 seeing the first release in January 1999 :
Since the founding of INTI International University & Colleges in 1986 , the institution has earned a reputation throughout Malaysia for providing top - quality higher education .
It became the Prince - Bishopric of Minden ( German : Fürstbistum Minden ) in 1180 , when the Duchy of Saxony was dissolved .
The Bayeux - Calvados Awards for war correspondents ( Prix Bayeux - Calvados des correspondants de guerre ) is an annual prize awarded since 1994 , by the city of Bayeux and the General Council of Calvados .
PowerJet is a 50 - 50 joint venture held by Snecma ( Safran ) and NPO Saturn , created in July 2004 .
Friedrich Hofmeister Musikverlag ( abbreviated to Hofmeister ) is a publisher of classical music , founded by Friedrich Hofmeister in Leipzig in 1807 .
The Gibraltar Heritage Trust is a non - profit charity established by statute on 1 May 1989 to preserve and promote the cultural natural heritage of the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
The European Association for Digital Humanities ( EADH ) , formerly known as Association for Literary and Linguistic Computing ( ALLC ) , is a digital humanities organisation founded in London in 1973 .
The Orange Circus formed in 2010 and are predominantly a family band based in England , with both Virginian and Celtic roots .
The Cayuga County Sheriff 's Office was formed in 1799 when the County of Cayuga was set apart from Onondaga County , New York .
Jack Off Jill are an American Riot Goth , rock band from Ft . Lauderdale , Florida , founded in 1992 by singer Jessicka Addams ( née Jessica Fodera ) , Tenni Ah - Cha - Cha ( née Tenni Arslanyan ) , Agent Moulder ( née Robin Moulder ) , and Michelle Inhell ( née Michelle Oliver ) .
Paytm is an Indian e - commerce shopping website headquartered in Noida , India , launched in 2010 .
The Personal Choice Party dates back to approximately 1997 , and was organized by Dr. Ken Larsen , an ex - Mormon from Utah with a Ph.D. in Zoology from Brigham Young University .
Sons of Otis was formed by Ken Baluke in Toronto sometime around the years 1992 and 1993 .
The Wildwood Aces were a professional basketball team that played in the United States Basketball League in 1985 and 1986 .
Located near the Nile Delta , modern Cairo was founded in 969 CE by Jawhar al - Siqilli ( `` the Sicilian '' ) of the Fatimid dynasty , but the land composing the present - day city was the site of ancient national capitals whose remnants remain visible in parts of Old Cairo .
Pastor Phillip Ellen was the first President The Foundation for Moral Law in December 2002 .
Al Jazeera Satellite Channel now known as ( AJA ) was launched on 1 November 1996 following the closure of the BBC 's Arabic language television station , a joint venture with Orbit Communications Company .
City Opera of Vancouver is a professional chamber opera company in Vancouver , Canada , founded in 2005 .
The Ford Wayne Gretzky Classic presented by Samsung was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 2008 to 2010 .
The Prix Sorcières is an annual literary prize awarded in France since 1986 to works of children 's literature in a number of categories .
Sysomos launched its flagship offering MAP in Sept 2007 , followed by addition of Heartbeat to its product suite in 2009 .
Originally , in 1995 , Diceware creator Arnold Reinhold considered five words ( 64 bits ) the minimal length needed by average users .
American Wrestlers is an indie rock act , formed in 2014 by Scottish musician Gary McClure .
Campaign to Defend the Constitution ( DefCon ) was an American online organization founded in September , 2005 to support the separation of church and state and to oppose what it perceived as the growing influence of the religious right .
The Victoria Philharmonic Choir ( VPC ) was created June 2005 , as a non - profit performing arts organization dedicated to arts and cultural innovation through the performance of high quality symphonic choral music , and partnering with other arts , culture and tourism organizations .
They are identical twins and first appeared as John & Edward in the sixth series of The X Factor in 2009 , generating a phenomenon of ironic popularity described as `` the Jedward paradox '' .
Under the direction of Dr. William E. Pease , the first full - time marching band director in University of Virginia history , the Cavalier Marching Band made its debut on September 11 , 2004 after a considerable donation was made by University of Virginia benefactors Carl and Hunter Smith to found the band in 2003 .
The Central Bank of Luxembourg ( French : Banque Centrale du Luxembourg , BCL ) was founded in 1998 , at the same time the European Central Bank was created , by laws dated 22 April and 23 December .
On July 20 , 2004 , the station changed its call sign to the current KBAS - LP , and was issued its license to cover on July 29 , 2005 .
Heterosexuals Organized for a Moral Environment ( HOME ) was founded in 1990 by Wayne Lela , a former Catholic and now self - described agnostic .
Acornsoft was formed in late 1980 by Acorn Computers directors Hermann Hauser and Chris Curry , and David Johnson - Davies , author of the first game for a UK personal computer and of the official Acorn Atom manual `` Atomic Theory and Practice '' .
WGUL also ran a live , locally based `` Music of Your Life '' format from 1985 to August 12 , 2005 .
Farm Sanctuary is an American animal protection organization , founded in 1986 as an advocate for farm animals .
Fanthrash is a Polish thrash metal band from Lublin , Poland , formed in 1986 .
The Asia Pacific Poker Tour ( APPT ) is a major international series of poker tournaments established in 2007 and hosted in cities across the Asia Pacific .
The Maldives Basketball Association , more popularly known as the MBA , was founded on the 12 August 1991 .
Rwake is a Southern sludge metal band from AR that began as a jamming four - piece in 1996 .
Petrovsko - Razumovskaya opened on 7 March 1991 as a part of major northern extension of the line .
The Group was founded in 2007 and the Zoopla website was launched in January 2008 by Alex Chesterman , who also founded ScreenSelect ( later LoveFilm ) and Simon Kain , LoveFilm CTO .
It was originally named `` Mr. Fatburger '' ( on behalf of Lovie 's boyfriend ) , until the `` Mr. '' was removed by Yancey in 1952 .
In 1979 the Romanov Family Association was officially formed with Prince Dmitri Alexandrovich as president and Prince Nicholas Romanovich as vice president .
The Institute for Historical Review ( IHR ) , founded in 1978 , is an organization primarily devoted to publishing and promoting books and essays described by critics as pseudo - historical that attack the mainstream historical consensus concerning the Nazi genocide of Jews .
America 's Health Network was in separate operation from FitTV from March 1996 until 1999 .
The colony was formally called French Sudan from 1890 until 1899 and then again from 1920 until 1958 , and had a variety of different names over the course of its existence .
Sacred Heart Junior College was established in 1999 to offer tertiary - level education opportunities in the Cayo District , Belize .
ENAER ( Spanish pronunciation : ( enaˈer ) ) is a Chilean aircraft manufacturer which was formed in 1930 .
Atlético Hidalgo was an expansion club that joined the Primera A in 1996 .
Established in August 2015 , VIXX LR consists of VIXX 's main vocalist Leo and rapper Ravi .
1995 - Genesee Scientific founded by Ken Fry .
The UK Council for Child Internet Safety ( UKCCIS ) was set up in 2008 under the Brown Government charged with bringing together government departments , law enforcement agencies , academia , private industry and third - sector representatives such as charities and voluntary groups to collaborate on strategies to ensure child internet safety .
Atari is a corporate and brand name owned by several entities since its inception in 1972 , currently by Atari Interactive , a subsidiary of the French publisher Atari , SA ( ASA ) .
In reaction to such need of continuous enhancement , HKCSS Institute was established in celebration of the 60th anniversary of The Hong Kong Council of Social Service ( HKCSS ) in 2007 , to serve the population in the welfare service units .
The Yuma Open was a golf tournament that ran from 1990 to 1993 on the Nationwide Tour .
F1 Digital+ ( also known as just F1 Digital ) was the name of the enhanced world feed for Formula One coverage between mid 1996 - 2002 .
The Albanian American Civic League was founded in January 1989 by former Albanian American Congressman Joseph J. DioGuardi and a handful of Albanian American businessmen who sought to influence the policies of the United States State Department with regard to the Balkans , particularly Kosovo .
Dubai Fencing Club was founded in 2002 by Bulgarian former modern pentathlete Mihail Gueorguiev Kouzev .
The Florida Mall is a super regional enclosed shopping mall located in unincorporated Orlando , Florida , on the southeast corner of Orange Blossom Trail and Sand Lake Road ; it opened in 1986 .
When the SBS Broadcasting Group started expanding outside of Scandinavia in 1995 , one of the first countries where they set up a channel was the Netherlands with SBS 6 .
Laboum ( Korean : 라붐 ) is a South Korean girl group that debuted in 2014 under NH Media and Nega Network .
Earthrise is a photograph of the Earth taken by astronaut William Anders in 1968 , during the Apollo 8 mission .
Founded in 1884 , The Hong Kong Jockey Club is a horse racing operator and Hong Kong 's largest community benefactor , operating as a not - for - profit organisation .
The Dalton Winery ( Hebrew : יקב דלתון‎ ) was founded in 1995 by members of the Haruni family who moved to Israel from England .
The Brumbies were formed in 1996 to provide a third Australian franchise for the newly formed Super 12 ( now Super Rugby ) competition .
The Egg Marketing Board was an agricultural marketing organization set up by the British government in December 1956 to stabilise the market for eggs due to a widespread collapse in sales .
Dinamic Multimedia was a Spanish software house and publisher created in 1993 which was created after the bankruptcy of Dinamic Software in 1992 by some of its former members .
Formed in 1997 , Twiztid is composed of Jamie Spaniolo and Paul Methric , who perform under the respective personas of Jamie Madrox and Monoxide Child .
OpenTV was founded in 1994 through the merge of Thomson Multimedia and Sun Microsystems .
Founded in 1887 , the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ( AICPA ) is the national professional organization of Certified Public Accountants ( CPAs ) in the United States , with more than 400,000 members in 145 countries in business and industry , public practice , government , education , student affiliates and international associates .
Academic Magnet High School was established in 1988 , and the first class graduated in 1992 .
FC Thun ( Fussballclub Thun 1898 ) is a Swiss football team from the Bernese Oberland town of Thun .
ThreatMetrix was founded in 2005 in Australia and expanded to the United States in 2008 .
The Standish Group International , Inc. or Standish Group is an independent international IT research advisory firm founded in 1985 , known from their reports about information systems implementation projects in the public and private sector .
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner ( OAIC ) is an independent Australian Government agency , acting as the national data protection authority for Australia , established under the Australian Information Commissioner Act 2010 , headed by the Australian Information Commissioner .
Qatar News Agency was established by a decree issued on 25 May 1975 .
Latham & Watkins LLP , founded in 1934 , is the world 's highest - grossing law firm , with US$ 2.6 billion in annual revenue , and one of the highest - paying law firms in the world .
New Writing North was established in 1996 in Newcastle upon Tyne , working with writers across the North East of England .
Xi'an Aero - Engine Corporation ( XAEC , Chinese : 西安航空发动机集团有限公司 ) is one of the major aircraft engine designers and manufacturers in China , originally established in 2001 .
Le Lombard or Lombard Editions is a Belgian comic book publisher established in 1946 when Tintin magazine was launched .
The Order of Mendi for Bravery is a South African honour , instituted on 30 November 2003 .
The Orange Award for New Writers was a prize given by telecommunications company Orange between 2006 and 2010 .
Tobacco Rd Band was founded in 2010 by Eric Durrance , who had previously been the lead singer with the acclaimed Christian rock band Big Dismal , which Rolling Stone once named one of `` Five Christian Bands on the Rise . ''
Duncan Dhu was a Spanish group created in San Sebastián , Spain in 1984 .
Started in mid-2002 , Empower Up takes old electronics in for donation , and recycles / distributes them .
The first running was in 2006 , when the Goffs Million was a single race contested over 7 furlongs ( 1,408 metres ) .
The Near East School of Theology , formed in 1932 by the merger of the School for Religious Workers in Beirut and the School of Religion in Athens , is built upon a history of evangelical theological education in the Near East which goes back to 1835 .
It started in January 1984 as PKS ( Programmgesellschaft für Kabel- und Satellitenrundfunk ) , initially a joint venture of various publishing houses , and was renamed to Sat.1 in January 1985 .
Misery Signals is an American - Canadian metalcore band formed in Wisconsin in 2002 .
Moscow International Film Festival ( Russian : Моско́вский междунаро́дный кинофестива́ль , translit . Moskóvskiy myezhdoonaródniy kinofyestivál ; abbreviated as MIFF ) , is the film festival first held in Moscow in 1935 and became regular since 1959 .
The Printhouse was formed when a company , Qualay International changed names in 1995 to The Printhouse .
Laurentian University ( Université Laurentienne ) , which was incorporated on March 28 , 1960 , is a mid - sized bilingual university in Greater Sudbury , Ontario , Canada .
SaveCalifornia.com is a United States nonprofit organization founded in 1999 by Randy Thomasson as part of Campaign for Children and Families ( CCF ) .
ČT Sport was launched on 10 February 2006 at ' ČT4 Sport ' , to promote digital television , its main programmes include football , ice hockey , the Olympics Games , athletics and European events .
China Tang is a Chinese restaurant located at 53 Park Lane in London which is owned by the Entrepreneur David Tang and was opened in 2005 .
The Higher Scientific Institute for Diocesan Priests at St. Augustine 's ( German : Das höheres Weltpriesterbildungsinstitut zum hl . Augustin ) in Vienna , also well known as Augustineum or as Frintaneum , was a school for diocesan priests that existed between 1816 and 1918 .
The Karachi Institute of Heart Diseases ( KIHD ) , is located in Karachi , became functional on June 3 , 2005 .
Nunchuck Games is an American video game publisher founded in 2006 by David Luntz .
The Orange Humble Band is an alternative rock band formed in early 1995 , by Darryl Mather ( ex - The Lime Spiders , The Someloves ) on guitar .
Founded in 1951 , Liaoning University of Technology is a provincial university of higher learning , specializing in engineering , but also offering instruction in science , liberal arts , economics , and management studies .
The club was founded on 15 August 1920 as Shoqata Sportive Agimi , which translates to the Agimi Sports Association , and they have since participated in all the top tier national championships ever held in Albania , making KF Tirana and FK Vllaznia the only clubs in Albania to have never been relegated .
The Union Solidarity and Development Party ( Burmese : ပြည်ထောင်စုကြံ့ခိုင်ရေးနှင့်ဖွံ့ဖြိုးရေးပါတီ ) , which was registered on 2 June 2010 by the Union Election Commission as a political party , is the successor to the Burmese government 's mass organisation , the Union Solidarity and Development Association .
Zhongyuan Airlines was established on May 15 , 1986 as a regional airline .
The Murder of My Sweet is a Swedish metal band , based in Stockholm and founded in 2006 .
The Rand Daily Mail newspaper was published from 1902 until it was controversially closed in 1985 after adopting an outspoken anti - apartheid stance in the midst of a massive clampdown on activists by the security forces .
Liferuiner is a Canadian metalcore group from Greater Toronto Area , formed in 2004 .
Hamer Guitars was an American manufacturer of electric guitars founded in 1973 , in Arlington Heights , Illinois , by vintage guitar shop owners Paul Hamer , Jol Dantzig and John Montgomery .
The church was launched in July 1994 as Boulder Creek Community Church , with a name change to Coal Creek Community Church in December 1994 , and another name change to Flatirons Community Church in 1997 .
2004 ( Artes Mundi 1 ) , Xu Bing ( China ) 2006 ( Artes Mundi 2 ) , Eija - Liisa Ahtila ( Finland ) 2008 ( Artes Mundi 3 ) , NS Harsha ( India ) 2008 .
Voices Music & Entertainment is a record label based in Oslo , Norway established in 1988 by Ketil Sveen and Dag Krogsvold .
Fornasari is an Italian car manufacturer that was created in 1999 by Giuseppe Fornasari .
The constituency was created for the 2002 election , replacing the former Recklinghausen II --
Autogrill was founded in 1977 when SME , a division of Italian state - owned conglomerate Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale ( IRI ) , purchased then merged Italian restaurant groups Motta , Pavesi and Alemagna .
Attock Petroleum Limited ( APL ) is one of four oil marketing companies in Pakistan to be granted a license , in February , 1998 .
Alaska Common Law School was an unaccredited school founded in 1984 in Kenai , Alaska .
The full name of the group is the Peter Hewitt Care for Africa Foundation Inc. It was formed in 2007 by Diana Morrison and Dr. Peter Hewitt after their visit to Tanzania and Kenya in June 2006 .
Chemikal Underground is an independent record label set up in 1994 by Glasgow , Scotland rock band The Delgados .
The Autumn Offering is an American metalcore band that formed in Daytona Beach , Florida in 1999 .
Arcturian Gate is an independent record label founded in 1994 , based in Asheville , NC .
The Milestones were a Pakistani pop rock band that formed in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan , in 1990 .
Eyehategod ( also abbreviated and referred to as EHG ) is an American sludge metal band from New Orleans who formed in 1988 .
Trondheim Voices ( established 2001 in Trondheim , Norway ) is a Norwegian vocal group , best known for his improvised performances , for the most music within the jazz genre .
Air Lithuania was established as a state - owned company on 13 September 1991 after the reorganization of Aeroflot division in Kaunas .
The Hammerskins ( also known as Hammerskin Nation ) are a white supremacist group formed in 1988 in Dallas , Texas .
Although not stated in its initial declaration of existence , which was printed and distributed on 1 April 1955 , EOKA also had a target of achieving enosis ( union of Cyprus with Greece ) .
Viikate ( in English , Scythe ) is a Finnish rock band from Kouvola , formed in 1996 .
Forest Stream is a symphonic black / doom / Gothic metal band formed in Chernogolovka , Russia in 1995 .
The directly elected Mayor of London was created by the Greater London Authority Act 1999 in 2000 as part of the reforms .
The Philadelphia Phantoms were a professional ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) from 1996 to 2009 .
Dr. Gourmohan Roy College , established in 1986 , is the general degree college in Manteswar , Burdwan district .
The People Power Company was founded by Gene Wang ( CEO ) and David Moss ( CTO ) in Palo Alto , California in January 2009 and officially launched in November 2009 .
Vintersorg ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈvɪntɛr ˈsɔrj ) ; `` Winter Sorrow '' in English ) is a Swedish band from Skellefteå , formed in 1994 under the name Vargatron ( Wolfthrone in English ) .
Westminster Hospital was a hospital in London , England , founded in 1719 .
Rock Racing ( UCI Code : RR ) was a cycling team founded in 2007 by Michael Ball .
The Kansas Traditional Republican Majority ( KTRM ) is a political action committee founded in 2005 that supports more state government programs ( especially education ) and moderate social policies .
Founded in 2005 , The SAFE Foundation currently has projects in Masinagudi in the Nilgiri Hills of South India , Kumasi in Ghana , Freetown in Sierra Leone and Tororo in Uganda .
The G.I.R.O.S. Italian Group for Research on Hardy Orchids ( Gruppo Italiano per la Ricerca sulle Orchidee Spontanee ) , is an Italian naturalistic association of social promotion ( non - profit ) founded in 1994 by Italian naturalist Paolo Liverani , who died in 2005 , and other naturalists of Tuscany and Emilia Romagna .
UKROP ( Ukrainian : УКРОП ; literally `` dill '' ) short for the Ukrainian Association of Patriots ( Українське об'єднання патріотів ) is a Ukrainian patriotic center - left political party founded on 18 June 2015 .
The National Elephant Institute was founded as the Thai Elephant Conservation Center ( TECC ) in 1993 .
The Congress for Progressive Change ( CPC ) is a political party founded in Nigeria in 2009 in preparation for the April 2011 elections .
KEKS quickly transformed into an adult contemporary station as `` Channel 103.1 '' in 2007 , then reverted to CHR in 2008 .
Dzurinda 's Second Cabinet was the government of Slovakia between 16 October 2002 and 4 July 2006 headed by the prime minister Mikuláš Dzurinda , for whom it was the second consecutive term in this office .
Letto is a pop band formed in Yogyakarta , Indonesia in 2004 .
Celestial Recordings was a record label founded in 1998 by producers Daddy Kev and Hive .
In 2004 , Helmi Technologies separated from Visualway Design , with Helmi receiving its first round of venture capital and opening an office in Silicon Valley , California , in 2005 .
The Labour Party of Northern Ireland ( LPNI ) is a political party in Northern Ireland , formed in 1985 by a group around Paddy Devlin , a former Social Democratic and Labour Party councillor and Northern Ireland Assembly member , and Billy Blease , a member of the British House of Lords .
Silicon Labs was founded in 1996 and pioneered RF and CMOS integration , developing the first CMOS RF synthesizer for mobile phones .
The Third Portuguese Republic is a period in the history of Portugal corresponding to the current democratic regime installed after the Carnation Revolution of 25 April 1974 , that put an end to the paternal autocratic regime of Estado Novo of António de Oliveira Salazar and Marcello Caetano .
The Cleveland Museum of Art was founded as a trust in 1913 with an endowment from prominent Cleveland industrialists Hinman Hurlbut , John Huntington and Horace Kelley .
In 1994 , Jamaat decided to disown its previous youth group Pasban , and the new group Shabab e Milli was formed .
National Mental Wellness Centre is a psychiatric hospital in Coubaril , Saint Lucia commissioned on 1 March 2010 .
The Continuity of Government Commission was a think tank set up in 2002 to recommend improvements on the constitutional and statutory provisions for the continuity of government in the United States .
The Diadems was one of the bands created by the 3rd French season of the popular reality show show `` Popstars '' , called `` Popstars - the Duel '' aired on RTL Group TV channel Métropole 6 ( better known as M6 ) in fall 2003 .
Letting Up Despite Great Faults is an American indie pop / dream pop group founded in 2006 by Los Angeles native Mike Lee , who currently resides with the rest of the band in Austin , TX .
Euro Cargo Rail is a French rail freight operator formed in 2005 as a subsidiary of English , Welsh and Scottish Railway ( EWS ) .
The Philadelphia Aces were a United States Basketball League team that played from 1987 to 1988 and in 1990 .
HathiTrust was founded in October 2008 by the thirteen universities of the Committee on Institutional Cooperation and the University of California .
3LHD was founded in 1994 in Zagreb , by a generation of contemporary Croatian architects .
Kiev Viceroyalty was created in the process of the Catherine 's reform initiated by hers November 7 , 1775 edict when the new administrative unit namestnichestvo ( viceroyalty ) was introduced .
Produced in 1979 , Picture for Women is a key early work in Wall 's career and exemplifies a number of conceptual , material and visual concerns found in his art throughout the 1980s and 1990s .
HealthLinkBC is a government - funded telehealth service launched in 2001 , which provides non - emergency health information to the residents of British Columbia , Canada through combined telephone , internet , mobile app , and print resources .
Still Life with Beer Mug and Fruit is an oil painting created in September 1881 .
The museum was established in 1979 and is owned and managed by the Malvern Museum Society Ltd , a registered charity .
VisualOn was founded in 2003 by Dr. Yang Cai and Dr. Bill Lin .
XCMG is a state - owned company and was founded in 1989 .
Know Your IX is an American political advocacy group founded in 2013 .
The Gorgeous Geeks was subsequently launched in Jan 2008 at Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
From 1998 to 2001 , Atari Interactive , Inc. was the name of the corporate entity that held the Atari properties purchased from JTS by Hasbro in 1998 , and functioned as the retro publishing subsidiary of Hasbro Interactive .
Created in December 1993 , the Meritorious Team Commendation is awarded to lower echelon Coast Guard commands who perform exceptional actions that would normally warrant a Commandant 's Letter of Commendation .
This partnership remained until Pinehurst ceased operations due to its own low enrollment numbers Canada Prep Academy , the school , was founded in 2014 to allow the program to have control over its own academics .
In 1990 the Hitzacker Archaeological Centre was founded due to the importance of these discoveries .
Land O'Lakes was founded on July 8 , 1921 in Saint Paul , Minnesota , by representatives from 320 co - op creameries as the Minnesota Cooperative Creameries Association .
Fletcher Aviation Corporation was an aircraft manufacturer founded by three brothers , Wendell , Frank , Maurice Fletcher , in Pasadena , California in 1941 .
Emperor Maximilian I elevated Rot an der Rot Abbey to the status of Imperial Abbey in 1497 .
The International African Institute ( IAI ) was founded ( as the International Institute of African Languages and Cultures ( IIALC ) ) in 1926 in London for the study of African languages .
Forest for the Trees was a group started by Carl Stephenson in 1993 .
Service Canada officially began operations on September 14 , 2005 with a mandate to provide Canadians with a single point of access to a wide range of government services and benefits either in person , by phone , by Internet , or by mail .
The South African Students Congress ( SASCO ) is a South African student organisation which was founded in September 1991 at Rhodes University in Grahamstown , Eastern Cape , through the merger of the South African National Student Congress ( SANSCO ) and the National Union of South African Students ( NUSAS ) .
The Royal Logistic Corps ( RLC ) was formed on Monday , 5 April 1993 , by the union of five British Army corps :
The Arab American Political Action Committee is a Political action committee that was established in 1998 by a group of Arab American professionals to ' organize and encourage the political activities of Arab Americans ' .
On October 20 , 1997 the Jacques Cousteau National Estuarine Research Reserve ( JC NERR ) was dedicated in honor of Jacques Cousteau .
Blackrock Clinic in Blackrock , Dublin was co - founded in 1984 by surgeons Joseph Sheehan , his brother Jimmy Sheehan , Maurice Neligan and Nuclear Medicine Specialist George Duffy as a private , high - tech hospital offering healthcare to private patients .
European Radio for Belarus is a non - profit organization established in September 2005 in Warsaw , Poland .
The World Sailing Speed Record Council , founded in 1972 , is the body authorized by the International Sailing Federation ( formerly International Yacht Racing Union ) to confirm speed records of sailing crafts ( boats or sailboards ) on water ( not on ice or land ) .
Mukatsuku Records is a record label based out of London , UK , started in 2006 and owned and run by the DJ and record collector Nik Weston .
The British Interlingua Society ( BIS ; in Interlingua , Societate Britannic pro Interlingua ) , established in 1956 , works in Great Britain and the English - speaking world to promote the knowledge and active use of Interlingua , the international language .
The Paykan design was based on the 1967 Hillman Hunter ( also known as Rootes Arrow ) , which was originally designed and manufactured by the British Rootes Group .
Founded in 1919 , the American Meteorological Society has a membership of more than 13,000 professionals , professors , students , and weather enthusiasts .
Wit FM is a French local radio station , based at Bègles near Bordeaux , created in 1988 and owned by Sud Radio Groupe .
The Tokyo Dragons were signed , and recorded Give Me the Fear at Rockfield Studios for Island Records in June 2004 .
Festival Records ( later known as Festival Mushroom Records ) was an Australian music recording and publishing company which was founded in Sydney in 1952 and operated until 2005 .
Begun in Boulder , Colorado in the winter of 1999 , Bootstrap Productions originally formed as a parent organization combining Bootstrap Press , founded by Ryan Gallagher and Derek Fenner , and The @tached Document , a literary arts journal begun by Jeff Chester , Derek Fenner , and Todd McCarthy .
Sea Hags formed in San Francisco in 1985 by frontman Ron Yocom , and bassist Chris Schlosshardt .
The charity began in 2003 , when Julia 's House appointed two children 's community nurses , who started working in home care for terminally ill children .
Temple Turmeric was founded in 2009 by Daniel Sullivan , a turmeric farmer turned entrepreneur .
Editions Lug was a French comic book publisher created in 1950 by writer / editor Marcel Navarro and businessman Auguste Vistel .
The Grand Prix of Minnesota was an auto racing event held from 1996 until 1998 on an Alan Wilson ( motorsport)-designed temporary street circuit in Minneapolis , Minnesota near the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome .
In late 1998 , the brewery was relaunched as the Australian craft - brewing arm of the Lion Nathan group , and was renamed the Malt Shovel Brewery , after the James Squire 's original brewery tavern ( `` The Malting Shovel '' ) .
In 1982 , after receiving a small inheritance from his maternal grandfather , Valeriano Jacuzzi , one of the seven Jacuzzi brothers credited for inventing the Jacuzzi whirlpool bath , Fred Cline opened Cline Cellars winery in Contra Costa County in the town of Oakley , California .
Toudao Street Station ( simplified Chinese : 头道街 ; traditional Chinese : 頭道街 ; pinyin : tóu dào jiē ) is a station on Line 1 of Wuhan Metro , opened upon completion of Line 1 , Phase 2 on July 29 , 2010 .
Trondheim Bilruter or TBR was a municipally owned bus company in Trondheim , Norway between 1951 and 1974 .
Under the supervision of workshop administrator - turned - manager Colin Lazzerini , the ensemble chose the name Loose Tubes and played its first London gig in 1984 .
The ZDF is well known for its famous TV formats heute ( newscast ; established in 1963 ) and Wetten , dass ..
The Charles Paddock Zoo was started by Charles `` Chuck '' Paddock , a county park ranger , in the county animal shelter in 1955 .
Modiesha Station ( Chinese : 磨碟沙站 ) is a station on Line 8 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operation on 28 June 2003 .
Ewha Womans University ( Hangul : 이화여자대학교 ; hanja : 梨花女子大學校 ) is a private women 's university in central Seoul , South Korea founded in 1886 by the American Methodist Episcopal missionary Mary F. Scranton .
The Badass Teachers Association ( BATs ) is an education activist organization founded on June 14 , 2013 by Priscilla Sanstead and `` Notorious PHD '' Mark D. Naison .
Built in 2002/2003 under commission of the Laurenz Foundation , is was designed by the renowned architectural office of Herzog & de Meuron , the Schaulager opened in 2003 .
Operadora Ferroviaria Sociedad del Estado ( abbreviated SOFSE , DBA Ferrocarriles Argentinos Operadora Ferroviaria ) is an Argentine State - owned company created in 2008 to operate passenger services in Argentina .
Lock - N - Stitch International is a company based out of Turlock California and founded by Garry J Reed in 1990 .
The Syracuse Smash were a member of the National Lacrosse League from 1998 to 2000 .
General Electric was formed through the 1892 merger of Edison General Electric Company of Schenectady , New York , and Thomson - Houston Electric Company of Lynn , Massachusetts , with the support of Drexel , Morgan & Co. Both plants continue to operate under the GE banner to this day .
Asansol Engineering College is a self - financing institute established in 1998 to facilitate technical education in the industrial belt of Asansol by The Academy of Engineers .
JLG Architects was founded in 1989 by Gary Johnson , FAIA and Lonnie Laffen , AIA , LEED AP under the name Johnson & Laffen Architects , Ltd. In 1994 , the firm received the national AIA Intern Development Program Outstanding Firm Award .
GetThere first started in 1995 as a web - based booking tool named Internet Travel Network ( itn.net ) founded by Dan Whaley , Al Whaley and Bruce Yoxsimer , and was acquired by Sabre in August 2000 for $ 757 million .
Weltmacht ( German for `` World Power '' ) was an American black metal band formed in DeKalb , Illinois in 1998 .
Formed in 2009 under the name Gaywyre , they released an EP entitled `` Coming Out '' under that name before changing their name to Razorwyre in 2010 .
Re'im was founded in 1949 by members of the Israel Boy and Girl Scouts Federation who were demobilized from the Palmach .
André Py ( active 1899 ) was a French automobile designer .
In 2012 , they debuted as `` Prizmmy ☆ '' with debut song `` Everybody 's Gon na Be Happy '' which is also the 4th ending theme song for anime series Pretty Rhythm :
The Sierra Club Foundation is a public charity based in San Francisco , California and founded in 1960 .
Mastertronic was originally a publisher and distributor of low - cost computer game software founded in 1983 .
Ternium was formed in 2005 by the consolidation of three companies :
Accord Alliance was founded in March 2008 to support a dialogue on intersex patients and their care .
SoIK Hellas is a sports club in Stockholm , Sweden , established on 14 May 1899 as Pastorns gossar by Katarina Parish confirmation priest Ernst Klefbeck , before changing name to SoIK Hellas in 1912 , also on the initiative of Ernst Klefbeck .
The Terma Foundation was founded in 1993 as the Tibet Child Nutrition Project ( TCNP ) , by Dr. Nancy S. Harris and now implements public health programs including nutrition , education , primary and preventive health care , acknowledging traditional belief systems , and integrating low - tech , low - cost western technology where appropriate in Tibet .
The Society of Illustrators of Los Angeles ( SILA ) was founded in 1953 by a group of Southern California artists and designers `` ... to promote the professional status of illustration art as well as foster both philanthropic and educational goals '' .
The University Bible Fellowship ( UBF ; Korean : 대학생성경읽기선교회 ) is an non - denominational New religious movement that originated in South Korea in 1961 .
Saitek is a designer and manufacturer of consumer electronics founded in 1979 by Swiss technologist Eric Winkler .
The Victorian Honour Roll of Women was established in 2001 to recognise the achievements of women from the Australian state of Victoria .
The airline was founded in 2013 and is owned by Snowbird Airlines Oy ( Ltd ) while a separate company Lumilintu Oy ( Ltd ) operates marketing .
The town of Bredasdorp was founded with the building of a Dutch Reformed Church in 1838 on the farm Langefontein .
Profetas y Frenéticos was a Chilean rock band formed in 1991 by Luís González , Juan Pablo Rojas , Dagoberto González , Jorge Narea and Claudio Narea , a former Los Prisioneros band member .
ATV Asia ( Chinese : 亞洲台 ) is a high - definition TV channel operated by the Hong Kong Asia Television , starting on April 1 , 2009 at 6:00am , broadcast 24 hours a day from the night of television channels .
Guldmasken ( in English : The Golden Mask ) , or Guldmasken Awards , is the Swedish equivalent of the Tony Awards , established in 1987 .
Modern Dog ( Thai language : โมเดิร์นด็อก ) is a Thai rock band , formed in 1992 .
On 8 July 2015 Tatarstan 's Republic new airline UVT Aero was awarded with a license to carry out commercial passenger and charter flights , and also a license for freight transportation .
The Hand & Flowers is a gastropub in Marlow , Buckinghamshire that opened in 2005 .
The two men mixed spices , vinegar , garlic and cayenne peppers and allowed them to age , and created the original blend of Frank 's RedHot as it first appeared on the market in 1920 .
Ciel Satellite Group is a private Canadian satellite operator , established in 2004 , providing services throughout the Americas as a result of Borealis Infrastructure , a financial institution , partnered with satellite operator SES .
The Metropolitan Basketball Association ( MBA ) , or Metroball , was a professional basketball league in the Philippines founded in 1998 .
Simmons Airlines , Inc. began operations in 1978 between Marquette and Lansing using a Piper Navajo .
The AMCHA Initiative ( founded 2011 ) is a nonprofit organization based in California which seeks to investigate , document , educate about , and combat antisemitism at institutions of higher education in the United States .
Cambridge Technology Partners ( CTP ) was a software consulting company founded in 1991 in Cambridge , Massachusetts by John J. Donovan ; in 2001 , it was acquired by Novell .
Súdwest - Fryslân was formed in 2011 from the old municipalities of Bolsward , Nijefurd , Sneek , Wûnseradiel and Wymbritseradiel .
All Money In is an American record label imprint founded in 2010 by hip hop artist and entrepreneur Ermias Asghedom , better known by his stage name Nipsey Hussle .
Société Parisienne ( Maison Parisienne ) was a French manufacturer of velocipedes , bicycles and tricycles from 1876 .
Pritish Nandy Communications was founded in September 1993 by Pritish Nandy , a writer , journalist , TV presenter and former Member of the Indian Parliament .
The Yehudi Menuhin School is a specialist music school in Surrey , England , founded in 1963 by violinist Yehudi Menuhin .
Christians Against the Coup ( CAC ) , aka Anti - Coup Christians , is an Egyptian Coptic movement , founded after the coup d'état on July 2013 in support of the presumed legitimacy of the former President of Egypt , Mohamed Morsi .
Changzhou International School was established in 1997 as a pilot middle school under the administration of Changzhou Xin Bei government and the Changzhou education bureau .
In 2001 , Sound Horizon participated in Comic Market as part of a dōjin music circle and released their first story CD , Chronicle , an all - instrumental track CD , with occasional narration , background chorus and sound effects .
The Conservative Democrats of Slovakia ( Slovak : Konzervatívni demokrati Slovenska , KDS ) is a Slovakian political party established by four MPs ( František Mikloško , Vladimír Palko , Rudolf Bauer and Pavol Minárik ) who belonged to the Christian Democratic Movement , but left it on 21 February 2008 over disagreements with the party leader .
Created on 1 July 1993 , the institution was originally called Mid Sweden University College ( Mitthögskolan ) and was the result of a merger between the University College of Sundsvall / Härnösand ( Högskolan i Sundsvall / Härnösand ) and the University College of Östersund ( Högskolan i Östersund ) .
Since it was started back in 2002 , Critical Music has grown significantly and become a widely recognized name on the underground music scene .
Created in 2004 when French oil major Total restructured its chemicals business , Arkema was introduced at the Paris stock exchange in May 2006 .
The Lauterpacht Centre for International Law ( LCIL ) at the Faculty of Law , Cambridge , England , was founded in 1985 by Sir Elihu Lauterpacht under the name The Research Centre for International Law .
Mudmen are a Canadian celtic rock band that formed in Alvinston / Petrolia in 1998 .
Bug - Byte Software Ltd. was a company founded in 1980 by Tony Baden and Tony Milner , two Oxford chemistry graduates .
Stopklatka TV - is the Polish channel about the film subject matter being involved in a company Kino Polska ( Cinema Poland ) , of SPI International Polska belonging to the group and the Agora S.A. The channel started emission 15 March 2014 ..
The launch of BBL TV was first announced on 19 August 2013 , after nine months of development .
The Queensland University Squadron ( QUS ) was an active Citizens Air Force ( CAF ) squadron , being part of the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) and tasked with training commissioned officers for the RAAF General Reserve recruited from University of Queensland undergraduates from 1950 to 1973 .
Alex Job Racing was established in 1988 by Alex and Holly Job at their home in Florida .
NK Rudeš is a Croatian football club founded in 1957 in Zagreb 's neighbourhood of Rudeš .
The General Social Care Council ( GSCC ) was a non - departmental public body of the Department of Health in the United Kingdom which was the regulator of social workers and social work students in England between 2001 and 2012 .
Grandma 's Gifts is an incorporated , non - profit organization started by Emily Elizabeth Douglas in 1993 at age 11 , in memory of her grandmother .
SPC ECO ( pronounced Space Echo ) are a British shoegazing band , formed in 2007 .
It 's Casual is a two - piece Los Angeles hardcore punk band formed in 2001 .
Gulfstream Pictures is an American film production company , founded on January 16 , 2013 by film producers Mike Karz and Bill Bindley .
Tambalane were an Australian pop rock band formed as a side - project late in 2003 by Ben Gillies ( Silverchair ) on drums and backing vocals , and Wes Carr on lead vocals and lead guitar .
It was founded by József Törley in 1882 in Budafok and over the course of history became one of the leading sparkling wine producers in Europe .
Lecciones y Ensayos is a biannual law review run by university students and published by the University of Buenos Aires School of Law since 1956 .
Diamond Rexx is an American heavy metal / glam metal band from Chicago , Illinois , formed in 1985 by singer Nasti Habits and guitarist Scott St. Lust ( aka S. Scot Priest , also of D'Molls ) .
The third VP-18 was established as Reserve Patrol Squadron VP-914 in May 1946 .
Matt began playing music with The Classic Crime in 2003 , and Matt and Kristie would eventually form Vocal Few in 2011 when Kristie became pregnant with their first child .
McGarryBowen is an advertising agency founded in 2002 by John McGarry , former president of Young & Rubicam who until 2008 held roughly 90 % of the company , Stewart Owen , former chief strategic officer of Young & Rubicam , and Gordon Bowen , a former executive creative director at Young & Rubicam and Ogilvy & Mather .
Real Presence Radio began in 2004 following the purchase of KWTL AM 1370 ( then known as KFJM AM ) in Grand Forks , covering most of the Diocese of Fargo and the Diocese of Crookston .
Federal Records was an American record label founded in 1950 as a subsidiary of Syd Nathan 's King Records and based in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Grove Press is an American publishing imprint that was founded in 1951 .
Rivarossi was founded in 1945 by Alessandro Rossi with a Mr. Riva .
Opened in 1897 , the Brooklyn Museum building is a steel frame structure encased in classical masonry , designed by the famous architectural firm of McKim , Mead , and White and built by the Carlin Construction Company .
Eventually , the Luftfahrt - Bundesamt was established by the Gesetz über das Luftfahrt - Bundesamt ( Act on the Luftfahrt - Bundesamt ) of 30 November 1954 ( BGBl . I 354 ) and commenced operation on 1 February 1955 .
Mindjet was founded in 1998 by computer programmer Mike Jetter and his wife , Bettina Jetter , in order to support the development of their mind mapping software , MindManager .
Onsala Space Observatory was founded in 1949 by professor Olof Rydbeck .
The Major League Soccer Players Union was formed in April 2003 after the conclusion of Fraser v. Major League Soccer .
The Kingfisher Bikini Calendar , or the Kingfisher Calendar , is a calendar published by the United Breweries Group of India annually since 2003 that features models in swimsuits .
Mister Global , is an annual male beauty pageant founded in 2014 .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube is a Brazilian football team from Goiânia in Goiás , founded on July 29 , 1943 .
The Ukrainian Liberation Army ( Ukrainian : Українське Визвольне Військо , Ukrainske Vyzvolne Viysko , UVV ) was a collective name given to all dispersed Ukrainian units serving with the Wehrmacht Heer in 1943 during World War II . A single formation by that name did not exist .
ATN MH 1 launched on September 29 , 2009 and is available on Bell Fibe TV , Rogers Cable , Shaw Cable & Optik TV .
Not finding what he was looking for musically , however , Ontronik put his solo project on an indefinite hiatus and founded VoKee in early 2004 .
Fliflet / Hamre ( established 1991 in Bergen , Norway ) Norwegian traditional music duo comprising Gabriel Fliflet and Ole Hamre .
Lava Hay were a Canadian folk rock duo formed in 1989 in Toronto , Ontario , consisting of Suzanne Little and Michele Gould .
Since the Hopman Cup was founded in 1989 , it has been attended each year by Harry Hopman 's widow , his second wife Lucy , who travels to the tournament annually from her home in the United States .
Bluebird Airways is a Greek airline , established in 2008 in Heraklion Crete Greece and is mainly involved in the transportation of passengers and cargo according to schedule and charter flights .
AirSpace Studio was founded in January 2011 by Creative Director Mark Woodward .
The Nikon D3100 is a 14.2-megapixel DX format DSLR Nikon F - mount camera announced by Nikon on August 19 , 2010 .
Treyarch is an American video game developer company , founded in 1996 by Peter Akemann and Doğan Köslü ( aka Don Likeness ) , and acquired by Activision in 2001 .
The Australian Police Rugby Union Association Inc. ( A.P.R.U. ) was first established in 1998 with a view to travelling to the 1999 IRB Rugby World Cup in Wales , Ireland and England .
Darzamat is a Polish symphonic black metal band formed in 1995 .
Blackstreet , often stylized as BLACKstreet , is an American R&B group founded in 1991 by Teddy Riley and Chauncey Hannibal , also known as `` C. Black . ''
The HVO ( Croatian Defence Council ) was established on April 8 , 1992 in Grude by the political leadership of Croats , mainly members of Croatian Democratic Union ( Hrvatska Demokratska Zajednica ) as a military formation of Herzeg - Bosnia .
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement ( BSEE ) is an agency under the United States Department of the Interior , established by Secretarial Order in 2011 .
Slow Food is a grassroots organization founded by Carlo Petrini in Italy in 1986 .
The present - day Zumtobel Group originated as `` Elektrogeräte und Kunstharzpresswerk W. Zumtobel KG '' , which was founded in Dornbirn / Vorarlberg in 1950 .
The Port Arthur Sea Hawks were a Gulf Coast League ( 1950 - 1953 ) , Evangeline League ( 1954 ) and Big State League ( 1955 - 1956 ) baseball team based in Port Arthur , Texas , USA .
The Province of Posen ( German : Provinz Posen , Polish : Prowincja Poznańska ) was a province of Prussia from 1848 and as such part of the German Empire from 1871 until 1918 .
After years of wrangling over commercial development proposals and lawsuits to block development , New York State bought the property in 1987 and opened the Minnewaska State Park Preserve in 1993 .
Jaded Era is an unsigned American alternative rock / pop band from Cuyahoga Falls and Akron , Ohio that formed around 1996 .
Border City Wrestling ( BCW ) was founded in 1993 by Scott D'Amore , Chuck Fader , and `` The Canadian Destroyer '' Doug Chevalier .
Arnold Motorsports was formed in 2003 after the purchase of the race shop and equipment of Melling Racing .
Samsung SDS , established in 1985 , as a subsidiary of Samsung group has been providing information technology services .
Classics of Love is an American punk rock band from the San Francisco Bay Area , formed in 2008 .
The European Urban Knowledge Network ( EUKN ) was created in Rotterdam in 2004 as a result of an agreement between European ministers on urban policies .
E@I started as an informal international work group in 1999 , before it was officially registered in Slovakia in 2005 .
The London Docklands Development Corporation ( LDDC ) was a quango agency set up by the UK Government in 1981 to regenerate the depressed Docklands area of east London .
The Tasmania Senate Team was a minor Australian political party that operated from 1992 to 1996 .
Cinco Puntos Press , established in 1985 , is an independent book publishing company located in El Paso , Texas .
The Dance Music Hall of Fame was an organization established in 2003 to honor and remember significant contributors to the genre of dance music .
ThanatoSchizO is a metal group from Santa Marta de Penaguião ( Trás - os - Montes e Alto Douro , Portugal ) , founded in late 1997 .
The Social Democratic Federation ( SDF ) was established as Britain 's first organised socialist political party by H. M. Hyndman , and had its first meeting on 7 June 1881 .
Spring Zouk is the name of a festival in which was held February 3 - -5 , 2012 at Udupi beach on at St Mary 's Islands in Karnataka , India .
The Republican Moderate Party of Alaska is a political party in Alaska formed by Ray Metcalfe in 1986 as an alternative to what Metcalfe perceived to be a Republican Party dominated by the Religious Right .
Survivors of the Abortion Holocaust was founded in 1998 by Jeff White , who was previously involved in the leadership of another anti - abortion group , Operation Rescue .
SAGE - AU was originally formed to provide the same services for Australian system administrators as the SAGE organisation did in the United States , but is completely independent of that entity , and has been since SAGE - AU 's formation in 1993 .
Musica Fiata , also Musica Fiata Köln , is a German instrumental ensemble , founded in Cologne in 1976 by director Roland Wilson .
Capitol Films was a British film production and distribution company , founded in 1989 .
Thieves and Villains are an American indie rock band from the Hudson Valley region of New York , formed in 2007 , and signed to Victory Records .
London Hackspace ( abbreviated LHS ) is a non - profit hackerspace in London , UK , established in 2009 .
Though formed in 1989 , Xome did not perform live until 1994 in Tokyo .
The Ian Gillan Band were an English jazz - rock fusion band formed by Deep Purple singer Ian Gillan in 1975 .
The BBC Choice Northern Ireland service launched alongside the other BBC Choice variants on 23 September 1998 and ceased on 30 March 2001 ; it was replaced by a fully networked BBC Choice .
Jimmy , John Morris , Cookie , Raylene and Heather Rankin released their own independent cassettes , The Rankin Family ( 1989 ) and Fare Thee Well Love ( 1990 ) , featuring original songs and a combination of traditional jigs , reels and Celtic folk songs .
Coca - Cola BlāK was a coffee - flavored soft drink introduced by Coca - Cola in 2006 and discontinued in 2008 .
Bandhan tv is a Hindi Language Movies entertainment channel , part of Viacom 18 family , which was announced on 15 Augest 2015 .
Bolshoy Kamen began as a naval support base in 1947 and was granted urban - type settlement status in 1956 , followed by town status on August 31 , 1989 .
Originally formed in 1999 , Bandwidth.com began as a home office start - up company in a spare bedroom of co - founder David Morken 's Park City , Utah home .
Gambit Gaming is a European esports organization formed in January 2013 after the acquisition of the previous League of Legends roster of Moscow Five .
Eretz Hadasha ( Hebrew : ארץ חדשה‎ , lit . New Land ) is a political party in Israel , founded in 2012 to run in the 2013 parliamentary elections .
First broadcast in 1993 , today the station 's programming is also carried on the Resonate Broadcasting - owned and operated Hot FM Charters Towers - on air , both stations are branded as Hot FM West Queensland .
Fénix Directo was launched in Spain in 1991 as a subsidiary of La Unión y El Fénix , with the name of Fénix Autos .
Nick Blinko ( born 4 September 1961 ) is a British musician , lyricist and artist best known as the lead singer , lyricist and guitar player for the British band Rudimentary Peni .
Jimmy Murrison ( born 8 November 1964 ) is a Scottish lead guitar player , a member of the band Nazareth .
In 1991 , Paul Dorrington joined The Wedding Present on guitar , recording the The Hit Parade 1 , Hit Parade 2 and Watusi albums before leaving in 1995 .
Manny Albam ( June 24 , 1922 in Samana , Dominican Republic -- October 2 , 2001 in Croton - on - Hudson , New York , USA ) was a jazz baritone saxophone player who eventually became a composer , arranger , producer , and educator .
Don Wayne Reno ( born February 8 , 1963 in Roanoke , Virginia ) is a bluegrass musician and banjo player , and also an ordained minister .
Jakob Lindberg ( born 16 October 1952 ) is a Swedish lutenist , performing solo , in small and large ensembles , and also directing operas , using instruments of the lute and guitar families .
Trygve Seim ( born 25 April 1971 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( saxophone ) and composer .
Andy Piercy is a singer - songwriter who came to prominence in the Gospel beat acoustic guitar duo , Ishmael and Andy , together with Ian Smale ( Ishmael ) .
Olli Haavisto ( born 30 May 1954 , Pori , Finland ) is a Finnish musician best known for playing the pedal steel guitar and the guitar .
Johan Niemann began playing bass guitar at age eleven .
Sandy Rothman ( born 30 January 1946 , Miami , Florida ) is a San Francisco Bay Area bluegrass multi - instrumentalist and record producer , who plays mandolin , dobro and banjo , and was a friend and colleague of Grateful Dead bandleader Jerry Garcia , and a member of the Jerry Garcia Acoustic Band .
Rob Dehlinger is a trumpet player , composer , and singer / songwriter in the San Francisco Bay Area of California , United States .
Ignace Michiels ( born 7 December 1963 ) is a Belgian organist , choral conductor and organ teacher .
Charlie Poole ( March 22 , 1892 -- May 21 , 1931 ) was an American old time banjo player and country musician and the leader of the North Carolina Ramblers , an American old - time string band that recorded many popular songs between 1925 to 1930 .
Erdal Kızılçay ( born c. 1950 ) is a multi - instrumental ( bass guitar , oud ) musician of Turkish birth who has worked with , among others , David Bowie .
Willie Ruff ( born September 1 , 1931 ) is an American jazz musician , specializing in the French horn and double bass .
Philip J. Bone ( 1873 in Luton -- 17 June 1964 in Luton ) was an English mandolinist and guitar player in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Born and raised in south central Wisconsin , Owen Mays began playing guitar at the age of 16 .
Dutch composer and conductor Johan de Meij ( Voorburg , 1953 ) received his musical training at the Royal Conservatory of Music in The Hague , where he studied trombone and conducting .
Chris Walden grew up in Hamburg , Germany where he learned to play the recorder at age 5 , the piano at age 8 , and the trumpet at age 13 , which then became his main instrument .
Bart Maris is a Belgian trumpet player .
Jan Koemmet ( born 18 August 1961 ) is a German guitar player and an international designer .
Matt Lavelle ( born 1970 in Paterson , New Jersey ) is a jazz trumpet , flugelhorn and bass clarinet player .
Georg Kopprasch ( c. 1800 -- c. 1850 ) was a German composer and horn player primarily known for his second set of sixty horn studies ( op . 6 ) , currently used by most horn students studying at an advanced level .
Pedro Laurenz ( born Pedro Blanco Acosta ) was a bandoneon player , director and composer of Argentine tango music .
Hanna Paulsberg ( born 13 November 1987 in Rygge , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( tenor saxophone ) , daughter of folk singer and jazz musician Håkon Paulsberg , and known as leader for her own quartet the H.P. Concept .
Friedrich Pollock ( 22 May 1894 -- 16 December 1970 ) was a German social scientist and philosopher .
Juan Albert Viloca - Puig ( Catalan : Joan Albert Viloca - Puig ( ʒuˈan əɫˈβɛr βiˈɫɔkə ˈputʃ ) ; born 17 January 1973 ) is a professional tennis player from Spain .
Paul Grimault ( French : ( ɡʁimo ) ; 23 March 1905 in Neuilly - sur - Seine -- 29 March 1994 in Le Mesnil - Saint - Denis ) was one of the most important French animators .
Georg Wilhelm Steller ( 10 March 1709 -- 14 November 1746 ) was a German botanist , zoologist , physician and explorer , who worked in Russia and is considered a pioneer of Alaskan natural history .
Pietro Antonio Martini ( 1738 - -1797 ) was an Italian painter and engraver , active in a late Baroque style .
Vasu Inturi ( Telugu : వాసు ఇంటూరి ) is a Telugu actor .
Horst Sindermann ( German pronunciation : ( ˈhɔʁst ˈzɪndɐman ) ; 5 September 1915 -- 20 April 1990 ) was a Communist German politician and one of the leaders of East Germany .
Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar CIE ( 26 September 1820 -- 29 July 1891 ) , born Ishwar Chandra Bandyopadhyay ( Ishshor Chôndro Bôndopaddhae ) , was an Indian Bengali polymath and a key figure of the Bengal Renaissance .
Ignacy Nagurczewski ( 22 March 1725 -- 1811 ) was a Polish writer , translator , educator , and Jesuit .
Oreste Baratieri ( né Oreste Baratter , 13 November 1841 -- 7 August 1901 ) was an Austro - Italian general and governor of Eritrea who led the Italian army and was defeated in the First Italo--
William Miles Malleson ( 25 May 1888 -- 15 March 1969 ) , generally known as Miles Malleson , was an English actor and dramatist , particularly remembered for his appearances in British comedy films of the 1930s to 1960s .
Rani Chandra ( born in Kochi , Kerala ) was a Malayalam film actress and winner of the Miss Kerala Title .
Matija Mažuranić ( Novi Vinodolski 1817 - - sanatorium in Feldhof near Graz , April 17 , 1881 ) , was a Croatian writer .
Alexa Feser ( born 30 December 1979 ) , sometimes credited as Alexa Phazer is a German singer and songwriter .
Ángel David Rodríguez García ( born 25 April 1980 ) is a Spanish sprinter .
Ramesh Singh Matiyani ' Shailesh ' , popularly known as Shailesh Matiyani ( 14 October 1931 -- 24 April 2001 ) , is a Hindi writer , poet , essayist from Uttarakhand , India .
Frederick William Hasluck ( 16 February 1878 -- 22 February 1920 ) was an English antiquarian , historian , and archaeologist .
Jesmyn Ward is an American novelist and an associate professor of English at Tulane University .
José Carlos Caetano Xavier is a Portuguese scientist ( Marine biologist ) and Polar explorer .
Joseph Quesnel ( 15 November 1746 -- 2 or 3 July 1809 ) was a French Canadian composer , poet , and playwright .
Blessed Giuseppe Toniolo ( 1845 - 1918 ) was an Italian Catholic economist and sociologist .
Ernst Moritz Arndt ( 26 December 1769 -- 29 January 1860 ) was a German patriotic author and poet .
Thomas Simonsson ( 1350 -- 1443 ) was a Swedish theologian and poet and the Bishop of Diocese of Strängnäs 1429 -- 1443 , in the Church of Sweden .
Guy Bono ( born 30 April 1953 in Béja , Béja Governorate , Tunisia ) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the south - east of France .
Jacques Aubert ( 30 September 1689 -- 19 May 1753 ) , also known as Jacques Aubert le Vieux ( Jacques Aubert the Elder ) , was a French composer and violinist .
Jesse Ramsden FRS FRSE ( 6 October 1735 -- 5 November 1800 ) was an English mathematician , astronomical and scientific instrument maker .
Sir Joseph Bailey , 1st Baronet ( 21 January 1783 -- 20 November 1858 ) was an English ironmaster and Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Sudheer Karamana is an Indian film actor in Malayalam cinema .
Edward Topham ( 1751 - -1820 ) was an English journalist and playwright .
Xavier Bosch i Sancho , publicly known as Xavier Bosch ( Barcelona , July 21 , 1967 ) is a Catalan writer and journalist .
Enrico Cerulli ( February 15 , 1898 - September 19 , 1988 ) was an Italian scholar of Somali and Ethiopian studies , a governor and a diplomat .
María Luisa Larraga Cacho ( born December 10 , 1970 in Zaragoza ) is a Spanish runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres .
Georges Blondel ( 8 March 1856 -- 31 July 1948 ) was a French historian , specialising in the history of Germany and Austria before 1914 .
Pietro Aldobrandini ( 31 March 1571 -- 10 February 1621 ) was an Italian Cardinal and patron of the arts .
Olivier Jacquemond is a French novelist , essayist and poet , born in Paris in 1980 .
Fr . Pietro Angelo Secchi SJ ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpjɛːtro ˈandʒelo ˈsekki ) ; 29 June 1818 -- 26 February 1878 ) was an Italian astronomer .
Hermann Zapf ( German : ( tsapf ) ; November 8 , 1918 -- June 4 , 2015 ) was a German typeface designer and calligrapher who lived in Darmstadt , Germany .
Amelie Fried ( Ulm , September 6 , 1958 ) is a German writer and television presenter .
Phillips Gybbon ( 11 October 1678 -- 12 March 1762 ) , of Hole Park , Rolvenden , in Kent , was an English Member of Parliament .
Don Antonio Osorio de Acuña ( 1459 in Valladolid -- 23 March 1526 ) was a Spanish bishop of Zamora , appointed 4 January 1507 , during the reigns of Ferdinand II and Charles V. He filled that see in 1519 , when the civil war broke out in Spain .
Jens Kraft ( 1720 - -1756 ) was a Danish mathematician and philosopher of Norwegian birth .
Jan Zamoyski or Zamojski ( Latin : Ioannes de Zamość ; 1542 - -1605 ) was a Polish nobleman , magnate , and the 1st ordynat of Zamość .
Emil Jannings ( 23 July 1884 -- 2 January 1950 ) was a German actor , popular in 1920s Hollywood .
Karima Delli ( born 4 March 1979 in Roubaix , Nord ) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election for the Île - de - France constituency .
Madhavapeddi Satyam ( Telugu : మాధవపెద్ది సత్యం ; 11 March 1922 -- 18 December 2000 ) was a renowned Telugu singer and stage - actor from the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Vano Siradeghyan ( Armenian : Վանո Սիրադեղյան ; born November 13 , 1946 ) is an Armenian politician and writer .
Henri - Louis Roger ( January 6 , 1809 -- November 15 , 1891 ) was a French pediatrician born in Paris .
Arnold Stadler is a German writer , essayist and translator .
William Hugh Clifford Frend ( 11 January 1916 -- 1 August 2005 ) was an English ecclesiastical historian , archaeologist and Anglican priest .
Paul de Barry ( born at Leucate in 1587 ; died at Avignon , 28 July 1661 ) was a French Jesuit and writer .
Fredrik Henrik af Chapman ( September 9 , 1721 in Gothenburg -- August 19 , 1808 ) was a Swedish shipbuilder , scientist and officer in the Swedish navy .
Johann Gottlieb Buhle ( German : ( ˈbuːlə ) ; 29 September 1763 -- 11 August 1821 ) , German scholar and philosopher , was born at Brunswick and educated at Göttingen .
Priyadarshini Ram was an Indian advertising executive and Telugu filmmaker .
Yvonne Kroonenberg ( born 31 May 1950 ) is a Dutch psychologist and author .
Sir Joseph William Chitty ( 28 May 1828 -- 15 February 1899 ) was an English cricketer , rower , judge and Liberal politician .
Vanessa Annelyse Ève Garcin ( born 25 August 1980 in Sète , Hérault , France ) , better known by her stage name Ève Angeli is a French pop singer , who won an NRJ Music Award for Best New French Artist in 2000 - -2002 .
Nils Bengt Folke Ekerot ( sometimes credited as Bengt Ekeroth ) ( 8 February 1920 -- 26 November 1971 ) was a Swedish actor and director .
François Mansart ( 13 January 1598 -- 23 September 1666 ) was a French architect credited with introducing classicism into Baroque architecture of France .
Dawid Jackiewicz ( born March 18 , 1973 in Wrocław ) is a Polish politician , and the current Minister of State Treasury , serving since 2015 .
Vasil Kanchov ( Bulgarian : Васил Кънчов Vasil Kǎnčov ) ( 26 July 1862 -- 6 February 1902 ) was a Bulgarian geographer , ethnographer and politician .
William James Clement ( 1802 -- 29 August 1870 ) was an English surgeon and a Liberal Party politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1870 .
Lise Tremblay ( born 13 June 1957 ) is a French Canadian novelist .
Jean - Pierre Serre ( French : ( sɛʁ ) ; born 15 September 1926 ) is a French mathematician who has made fundamental contributions to algebraic topology , algebraic geometry , and algebraic number theory .
Taddeo Crivelli ( fl . 1451 , died by 1479 ) , also known as Taddeo da Ferrara , was an Italian painter of illuminated manuscripts .
Börje Dorch ( 17 October 1929 in Malmö -- 9 January 2004 ) was a Swedish draughtsman , journalist and writer who was very active in sports .
Jean - Antoine Houdon ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɑ̃n‿ɑ̃twan udɔ̃ ) ) ( 25 March 1741 -- 15 July 1828 ) was a French neoclassical sculptor .
William Nicolson ( 1655 - -1727 ) was an English divine and antiquary .
Alejandro Blanco is the current President of the Spanish Olympic Committee .
Francisco de Sande Picón ( 1540 - -1627 ) was the third Spanish governor and captain - general of the Philippines from August 25 , 1575 to April 1580 .
Erdmann Neumeister ( 12 May 1671 -- 18 August 1756 ) was a German Lutheran pastor and hymnologist .
Robert Mertens ( 1 December 1894 -- 23 August 1975 ) was a German herpetologist .
Tōshūsai Sharaku ( Japanese : 東洲斎 写楽 ; active 1794 - -1795 ) was a Japanese ukiyo - e print artist , known for his portraits of kabuki actors and sumo wrestlers .
Miroslav Tyrš ( 17 August 1832 -- 8 August 1884 ) was a Czech art historian , sports organizer and founder of the Sokol movement .
Vital - Casimir Cuinet , commonly known as Vital Cuinet ( Longeville- December 19 , 1833 - Istanbul , September 6 , 1896 ) was a French geographer and orientalist .
Mukesh Rishi is an Indian film actor who has worked in Hindi , Punjabi , Telugu , Tamil , Malayalam and Kannada films .
Mohamed Ali Yousfi ( Tunisian Arabic : محمد علي اليوسفي‎ ) ( born March 3 , 1950 , Béja , Tunisia ) is a Tunisian writer and translator .
Lev Grigorievich Deutsch , also known as Leo Deutsch ( Russian : Лев Григо́рьевич Дейч ) ( 1855 -- 1941 ) was a Russian revolutionary who was an early member of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party and one of the leaders of that organization 's Menshevik factions .
Martín del Barco Centenera ( 1535 -- c. 1602 ) was a Spanish cleric , explorer and author .
Park Chong - hwa ( Hangul : 박종화 ) was an early - modern Korean poet and novelist .
Jean - Luc Vayssière ( born in 1956 ) is a French professor , specializing in genetics and cell biology .
Aniceto de Castro Albarrán ( 1896 in Martinez ( Province of Ávila ) - 1981 in Madrid ) , was a Spanish priest and writer .
Juan Ignacio González del Castillo ( Cadiz 1763 -- September 14 , 1800 ) was a Spanish author of comic theatre .
Charlotte Mary Yonge ( 11 August 1823 -- 24 May 1901 ) was an English novelist known for her huge output , now mostly out of print .
Daniel Berkeley Updike 's parents were both English .
Antonio Carbonell Muñoz ( born 30 November 1969 in Madrid ) is a Spanish singer - songwriter of Romani heritage , known for his participation in the 1996 Eurovision Song Contest .
Samuel Plimsoll ( 10 February 1824 -- 3 June 1898 ) was an English politician and social reformer , now best remembered for having devised the Plimsoll line ( a line on a ship 's hull indicating the maximum safe draft , and therefore the minimum freeboard for the vessel in various operating conditions ) .
Yves Rocher ( 7 April 1930 -- 26 December 2009 ) was a French businessman and founder of the cosmetics company that bears his name .
Barthold Georg Niebuhr ( 27 August 1776 -- 2 January 1831 ) was a Danish - German statesman , banker , and historian who became Germany 's leading historian of Ancient Rome and a founding father of modern scholarly historiography .
Margarethe Schreinemakers ( born 27 July 1958 in Krefeld ) is a German television presenter , talk show host and journalist .
Jüri Vilms ( 13 March ( O.S. 1 March ) 1889 , Arkma , now in Türi Parish , Järva County , Estonia - May 2 , 1918 , Hauho near Hämeenlinna , Finland ) was a member of the Estonian Salvation Committee and the first Deputy Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia .
Santhosh Pandit is a Malayalam film actor , , singer , director and an internet celebrity .
Pauline - Marie Jaricot ( 22 July 1799 ; died there , 9 January 1862 ) was a French laywoman , the foundress of the Society of the Propagation of the Faith and the Living Rosary Association .
Juan de Ayolas ( died c. 1537 ) was a conquistador born in Briviesca who explored the watershed of the Río de la Plata for the Spanish Crown .
Masri Feki is a French writer , researcher in the Paris 8 University , and a specialist of the geopolitics and the Middle East who lives in Paris .
Constant Pierre ( 24 August 1855 -- 12 February 1918 ) was a French musicologist .
Marc - Antoine Charpentier ( French : ( maʁk ɑ̃.twan ʃaʁ.pɑ̃.tje ) ; 1643 -- 24 February 1704 ) was a French composer of the Baroque era .
Valéry Grancher ( born April 22 , 1967 in Toulon , Var , France ) is a French Internet - based artist , performer , theorist , curator and lecturer .
Charles Waterton ( 3 June 1782 -- 27 May 1865 ) was an English naturalist and explorer .
Friedrich Ludwig Jahn ( 11 August 1778 -- 15 October 1852 ) was a German gymnastics educator and nationalist .
David Ruhnken ( 2 January 1723 -- 14 May 1798 ) was a Dutch classical scholar of German origin .
Anna Rosmus , also known as Anja Rosmus - Wenninger , is a German author and researcher born in 1960 in Passau , Bavaria .
Mileva Marić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милева Марић ; December 19 , 1875 -- August 4 , 1948 ) was a Serbian physicist .
Rolf Hochhuth ( born 1 April 1931 in Eschwege ) is a German author and playwright .
Altaf Hussain Hali ( 1837 - -31 December 1914 , Panipat district , British India ) ( Urdu : الطاف حسین حاؔلی‎ -- Alṭāf Ḥusain Ḥālī ) , known with his honorifics as Maulana Khawaja Hali , was an Urdu poet and writer .
Nachum Gutman ( alternate romanization : Nahum Gutman ; Hebrew : נחום גוטמן‎ : born October 15 , 1898 , died November 28 , 1980 ) was an Israeli painter , sculptor , and author .
Bento de Góis ( 1562 , Vila Franca do Campo , Azores , Portugal - 11 April 1607 , Suzhou , Gansu , China ) , was a Portuguese Jesuit Brother , Missionary and explorer .
Edward Waugh ( 1816 -- 26 March 1891 ) was an English solicitor and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1885 .
Jean - Baptiste Noulet ( 1 May 1802 - 24 May 1890 ) was a French scientist and naturalist who helped to prove the archæological existence of humans and was one of the pioneers of the scientific discipline of prehistoric archaeology .
Trond Berg Eriksen ( born 3 October 1945 ) is a Norwegian historian of ideas , non - fiction writer and magazine editor .
György Klapka ( Hungarian : Klapka György ) , also known as German :
Kadhal Dhandapani ( died 20 July 2014 ) was an Indian film actor who appeared in Tamil , Telugu and Malayalam films .
Wilhelmine von Hillern ( 11 March 1836 Munich -- 15 December 1916 Hohenaschau ) was a German actress and novelist .
Joseph Le Brix ( 22 February 1899 - 12 September 1931 ) was a French aviator and a capitain de corvette ( lieutenant commander ) in the French Navy .
Robert Caby ( Venette , March 25 , 1905 - Paris , October 3 , 1992 ) was a French composer and writer .
Laurent Lafforgue ( French : ( lafɔʁɡ ) ; born 6 November 1966 ) is a French mathematician .
George Becali ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈd͡ʒe̯ord͡ʒe beˈkali ) , commonly known in Romania as Gigi Becali ; born 25 June 1958 ) is a controversial Romanian politician and businessman , mostly known for his ownership of the Steaua Bucureşti football club .
Géza von Bolváry ( full name Géza Maria von Bolváry - Zahn ; 26 December 1897 -- 10 August 1961 ) was a Hungarian actor , screenwriter and film director , who worked principally in Germany and Austria .
Giovanni Baglione ( 1566 -- 30 December 1643 ) was an Italian Late Mannerist and Early Baroque painter and art historian .
Franz Fühmann ( 15 January 1922 -- 8 July 1984 ) was a German writer who lived and worked in East Germany .
Pope Pius XI , ( Italian : Pio XI ) born Ambrogio Damiano Achille Ratti ( Italian pronunciation : ( amˈbrɔdʒo daˈmjano aˈkille ˈratti ) ; 31 May 1857 -- 10 February 1939 ) , reigned from 6 February 1922 to his death in 1939 .
Hrant Dink ( Western Armenian : Հրանդ Տինք , pronounced ( həˈɾɑnt diŋkʰ ) ) ( September 15 , 1954 -- January 19 , 2007 ) was a Turkish - Armenian editor , journalist and columnist .
Robert Storm Petersen ( September 19 , 1882 -- March 6 , 1949 ) was a Danish cartoonist , writer , animator , illustrator , painter and humorist .
Remy Chauvin ( 10 October 1913 -- 8 December 2009 ) at Sainte - Croix - aux - Mines , Haut - Rhin , was a biologist and entomologist , and a French Honorary Professor Emeritus at the Sorbonne , PhD , senior research fellow since 1946 .
Ehrenfried Günther Freiherr von Hünefeld ( 1 May 1892 - -5 February 1929 ) was a German aviation pioneer and initiator of the first transatlantic aeroplane flight from East to West .
Johann Leo Weisgerber ( February 25 , 1899 , Metz -- August 8 , 1985 , Bonn ) was a Lorraine - born German linguist who also specialized in Celtic linguistics .
Michl Ebner ( born on 20 September 1952 in Bolzano , Italy ) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for North - East with the Südtiroler Volkspartei , Member of the Bureau of the European People 's Party and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
Paul - Claude Racamier ( French : ( ʁakamje ) ; 20 May 1924 -- 18 August 1996 ) was a French psychiatrist and psychoanalyst , born in Doubs .
Sönke Neitzel ( born June 26 , 1968 ) is a German historian who has written extensively about the Second World War .
Alice Vieira ( born March 20 , 1943 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese children 's book author .
Karl Gustav Cassel ( 20 October 1866 -- 14 January 1945 ) was a Swedish economist and professor of economics at Stockholm University .
Manuel Polo y Peyrolón ( 1846 -- 1918 ) was a Spanish novelist , philosopher , academic and a Carlist politician .
Pamela Vivien Kirkham , 16th Baroness Berners ( born 30 September 1929 ) is an English hereditary peeress and former member of the House of Lords , who served as an NHS nurse .
Ljubomir Nenadović ( 14 September 1826 -- 21 January 1895 ) was Serbian writer , poet , translator , diplomat , minister of education and member of the Serbian Royal Academy .
Lars Norén ( born 9 May 1944 ) is a Swedish playwright , novelist and poet .
Brankica Stanković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранкица Станковић ; born October 1975 in Belgrade ) is a prominent Serbian investigative journalist reporting on topics of crime and political corruption in Serbia .
Viktor Dyk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvɪktor ˈdɪk ) ) ( 31 December 1877 -- 14 May 1931 ) was a nationalist Czech poet , prose writer , playwright , politician and political writer .
René Vautier ( French : ( votje ) ; 15 January 1928 -- 4 January 2015 ) was a French film director .
Joaquín Bau Nolla ( 1897 - 1973 ) was a Spanish Carlist and Francoist politician .
Monica Elizabeth Jolley AO ( 4 June 1923 -- 13 February 2007 ) was an English - born writer who settled in Western Australia in the late 1950s .
Andrés Ortiz - Osés ( born 1943 , Tardienta ) is a Spanish philosopher .
Antoine Thomson d'Abbadie d'Arrast ( 3 January 1810 -- 19 March 1897 ) was a French explorer , geographer , ethnologist , linguist and astronomer notable for his travels in Ethiopia during the first half of the 19th century .
Aïda Mady Diallo is a French - born Malian novelist and director .
Henri - Edmond Cross , born Henri - Edmond - Joseph Delacroix , ( 20 May 1856 -- 16 May 1910 ) was a French painter and printmaker .
Félicien Menu de Ménil ( 16 July 1860 -- 28 March 1930 ) was a French composer and Esperanto enthusiast best known for his musical setting of Ludwig Zamenhof 's poem La Espero .
Hans Ernst Schneider ( 15 December 1909 -- 18 December 1999 ) , was a German professor of literature under his alias Hans Schwerte .
Jean Baubérot ( born 26 July 1941 in Châteauponsac , Haute - Vienne ) , is a French historian and sociologist specialist in sociology of religions and founder of the sociology of secularism .
Joaquim Maria Puyal i Ortiga ( born March 24 , 1949 ) is a Catalan journalist known for his work in television and radio .
Joseph Henri Ferdinand Douvillé ( 16 June 1846 -- 19 January 1937 ) , also known as Henri Douvillé , was French paleontologist , geologist and malacologist .
Serafino dell'Aquila alias Serafino Cimini di Bazzano alias Serafino dei Ciminelli ( 1466 - 1500 ) , Italian and prominent member of the Cimino family , poet and improvisatore .
András Kepes ( born October 11 , 1948 ) Hungarian journalist , documentary filmmaker and author , has been one of the most prominent and popular TV personalities in Hungary for more than 30 years .
Giovanni Battista Palatino ( c. 1515 - c. 1575 ) , also known as Giambattista , was an Italian calligrapher .
Leo Valiani ( Leo Weiczen ; 9 February 1909 -- 18 September 1999 ) was an Italian historian , politician and journalist .
Sergio Panunzio ( July 20 , 1886 -- October 8 , 1944 ) was an Italian theoretician of revolutionary syndicalism .
Ismaël Ferroukhi ( born 1962 ) is a French - Moroccan film director .
Gyula Kristó ( 11 July 1939 -- 24 January 2004 ) was a Hungarian historian and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .
Albert Giraud ( French : ( ʒiʁo ) ; 23 June 1860 -- 26 December 1929 ) , was a Belgian poet who wrote in French .
Louis Favoreu ( September 5 , 1936 -- September 1 , 2004 ) was a French academic , specialized in public law , and a jurist .
Catherine Fradonnet ( December 1542 -- November 1587 ) , called Catherine Des Roches , was a French writer of the Renaissance .
Ernest Ange Duez ( also known as Ernest - Ange Duez and Ernest Duez , 8 March 1843 -- 5 April 1896 ) was a French painter of genre scenes , portraits , landscapes and religious subjects .
Amalric of Bena ( French : Amaury de Bène , Amaury de Chartres ; Latin : Almaricus , Amalricus , Amauricus ; died c. 1204 - 1207 AD ) was a French theologian and sect leader , after whom the Amalricians are named .
William Whewell FRS FGS ( /ˈhjuːəl/ HEW - əl ; 24 May 1794 -- 6 March 1866 ) was an English polymath , scientist , Anglican priest , philosopher , theologian , and historian of science .
Paulino Rivero Baute ( born 11 February 1952 ; El Sauzal , Tenerife , Spain ) is a Spanish politician and teacher .
Juan de Valdés ( c.1500 -- August 1541 ) was a Spanish religious writer .
Massimo D'Alema ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈmassimo daˈlɛma ) ; born 20 April 1949 ) is an Italian politician who was the 53rd Prime Minister from 1998 to 2000 .
Raymond Federman ( May 15 , 1928 -- October 6 , 2009 ) was a French--
Giovanni Sansone ( 24 May 1888 -- 13 October 1979 ) was an Italian mathematician , known for his works on mathematical analysis , on the theory of orthogonal functions and on the theory of ordinary differential equations .
Général Alexandre Percin was a French military officier , chief of staff for Louis André , the Minister of War responsible for the Affaire des Fiches , from 1900 to 1904 .
Mary Lorimer Beatrix Campbell , OBE ( born 3 February 1947 ) , née Barnes , is an English writer and activist who has written for a number of publications since the early 1970s .
Nora - Eugenie Gomringer ( born January 26 , 1980 in Neunkirchen , Saar ) is a German and Swiss poet and writer .
Marion Guillou ( born September 17 , 1954 in Marseille , France ) is a French agronomist specialized in global food security .
Born in Cedarville , Illinois , Jane Addams was the youngest of eight children born into a prosperous northern Illinois family of English - American descent which traced back to colonial New England ; her father was politically prominent .
Evelyn Insam ( born 10 February 1994 ) is an Italian ski jumper and the 2013 National Champion .
Sir Henry Furnese , 1st Baronet ( 30 May 1658 -- 30 November 1712 ) was an English merchant and politician .
Dimitar Talev ( Bulgarian : Димитър Талев ) ( 1 September 1898 -- 20 October 1966 ) was a Bulgarian writer and journalist .
Christian Heinrich Arthur Drews ( German : ( dʀɛfs ) ; November 1 , 1865 -- July 19 , 1935 ) was a German writer , historian , philosopher , and important representative of German monist thought .
Jean - Baptiste - Ambroise - Marcellin Jobard ( 17 May 1792 -- 27 October 1861 ) was a Belgian lithographer , photographer and inventor of French origin .
Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera ( 1528 -- 1574 ) was a Spanish Conquistador , early colonial governor over much of what today is northwestern Argentina , and founder of the city of Córdoba .
Luigi Ballerini ( born 1940 in Milan ) , currently living in New York and Los Angeles , is an Italian poet , professor of modern and contemporary Italian Literature at UCLA and a historian of gastronomy .
La Terremoto de Alcorcón ( in English , The Earthquake of Alcorcon ) , is a Spanish singer .
Gilles Kepel ( born 30 June 1955 ) is a French political scientist and specialist of the Islamic and contemporary Arab world .
Nguyễn Chí Thiện ( 27 February 1939 -- 2 October 2012 ) was a Vietnamese - born American dissident , activist and poet who spent a total of twenty - seven years in prison .
Shirley Brice Heath is an American linguistic anthropologist , and Professor Emerita , Margery Bailey Professorship in English , at Stanford University .
Yi I ( Hangul : 이이 ; hanja : 李珥 , December 26 , 1536 -- 1584 ) was one of the two most prominent Korean Confucian scholars of the Joseon Dynasty , the other being his older contemporary , Yi Hwang ( Toegye ) .
Mark Chadbourn is an English fantasy , science fiction , historical fiction , and horror author with more than a dozen novels ( and one non - fiction book ) published around the world .
Giovanni Becatti ( 1912 - -1973 ) was an Italian Classical art historian and archaeologist .
Dai Wangshu ( Chinese : 戴望舒 ; pinyin : Dài Wàngshū ) ( also Tai Wang - shu or Tai Van - chou ) ( March 5 , 1905 - -February 28 , 1950 ) was a Chinese poet , essayist and translator active from the late 1920s to the end of the 1940s .
Jules Baillaud ( born January 14 , 1876 in Paris , died November 28 , 1960 ) is a French astronomer .
François - Noël Babeuf ( French : ( babœf ) ; 23 November 1760 -- 27 May 1797 ) , known as Gracchus Babeuf , was a French political agitator and journalist of the French Revolutionary period .
Théophile Funck - Brentano ( 21 August 1830 -- 23 January 1906 ) was a Luxembourgian - French sociologist .
Sir John Shelley , 5th Baronet ( 1730 -- 11 September 1783 ) , of Michelgrove in Sussex , was an English Member of Parliament .
Rudolf Alexander Schröder ( January 26 , 1878 -- August 22 , 1962 ) was a German translator and poet .
Adnan Oktar ( born 2 February 1956 ) , also known as Harun Yahya , is a Turkish author as well as an Islamic creationist .
Honorat de Porchères Laugier ( 8 June 1572 , Forcalquier -- 26 October 1653 ) was a French poet .
Umberto Boccioni ( Italian pronunciation : ( umˈbɛrto botˈtʃoːni ) ; 19 October 1882 -- 17 August 1916 ) was an influential Italian painter and sculptor .
Petar Konjović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Коњовић , pronounced ( pɛ̂tar kɔ̂ːɲɔʋit͡ɕ ) , 5 May 1883 -- 1 October 1970 ) was a Serbian composer .
Tevfik Başer ( born 12 January 1951 ) is a Turkish - German film director and screenwriter .
Shabtai Teveth ( Hebrew : שבתי טבת‎‎ ; 1925 -- 1 November 2014 ) , was an Israeli historian and an anti - Revisionist author .
François - Bernard Mâche ( born April 4 , 1935 , Clermont - Ferrand ) is a French composer of contemporary music .
Jan Werich ( Czech : ( ˈjan ˈvɛrɪx ) ; 6 February 1905 -- 31 October 1980 ) was a Czech actor , playwright and writer .
Rubén Caba , born in Madrid , is a Spanish novelist and essayist .
Alfred Alvarez ( born 5 August 1929 ) is an English poet , novelist , essayist and critic who publishes under the name A. Alvarez and Al Alvarez .
Vasile Alecsandri ( Romanian pronunciation : ( vaˈsile aleksanˈdri ) ; 21 July 1821 -- 22 August 1890 ) was a Moldavian poet , playwright , politician , and diplomat .
Sixto Agudo González ( born August 25 , 1916 , Torrijos , d. June 29 , 2004 ) was a Spanish politician and World War II resistance member .
Roberto Roversi ( 28 January 1923 -- 14 September 2012 ) was an Italian poet , writer and journalist .
Julius Wilhelm Albert Wigand ( April 21 , 1821 -- October 22 , 1886 ) was a German Botanist .
Thomas Anstey Guthrie ( 8 August 1856 - 10 March 1934 ) was an English novelist and journalist , who wrote his comic novels under the pseudonym F. Anstey .
Marcelino Martínez Cao ( born 29 April 1940 ) , known simply as Marcelino , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker .
Luis García Forcada is a Spanish chemist , politician and businessman .
Guillaume de Nangis ( died 1300 ) , also known as William of Nangis , was a French chronicler .
Paul Crampel ( 17 November 1864 -- 9 April 1891 ) was a French explorer .
Gregorio López - Bravo y Castro ( 29 December 1923 in Madrid , Spain -- 19 February 1985 in Bilbao , Spain ) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1969 and 1973 .
Philippe Parreno is a French artist who lives and works in Paris , France .
James Bolton ( 1735 -- 7 January 1799 ) was an English naturalist , botanist , mycologist , and illustrator .
Robert Havemann ( 11 March 1910 -- 9 April 1982 ) was a chemist , and an East German dissident .
Jaume Huguet ( Catalan : ( ˈʒawmə uˈɣɛt ) ; 1412 - -1492 ) was a Catalan painter .
Sir Thomas Lee , 3rd Baronet ( 1687 - 1749 ) , of Hartwell , near Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire , was an English politician .
Víctor Balaguer i Cirera ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈbiktor βəɫəˈɣe ) ) ( 11 December 1824 -- 14 January 1901 ) , Spanish politician and author , was born at Barcelona on 11 December 1824 , and was educated at the university of his native city .
Raymond Domenech ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁɛmɔ̃ dɔmɛnɛk ) ; born 24 January 1952 in Lyon ) is a retired French footballer and the former manager of the French national football team .
Rafael Sánchez Mazas ( February 18 , 1894 - October 1966 ) was a Spanish nationalist writer and a leader of the Falange , a right - wing political movement created in Spain before the Spanish Civil War .
George Payne Rainsford James ( 9 August 1799 -- 9 June 1860 ) , was an English novelist and historical writer , the son of a physician in London .
Hydatius was born around the year 400 in the environs of Civitas Lemica , a Roman town near modern Xinzo de Limia in the Spanish Galician province of Ourense .
Dino Grandi ( 4 June 1895 -- 21 May 1988 ) , 1st Conte di Mordano , was an Italian Fascist politician , minister of justice , minister of foreign affairs and president of parliament .
Dr. Manuel Ferraz de Campos Sales ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( manuˈew feˈʁas di ˈkɐpus ˈsalis ) ; 15 February 1841 -- 28 June 1913 ) was a Brazilian lawyer , coffee farmer and politician .
Víctor García de la Concha , KOGF ( born 2 January 1934 , Villaviciosa , Asturias ) is a Spanish philologist .
Akshara Gowda ( born Harini Gowda on 24 December 1991 in Bangalore , Karnataka ) is an Indian film actress who has appeared in Hindi and Tamil films .
A French historian of international relations , Dr. Thomas Gomart ( History -- Paris I Panthéon - Sorbonne ) is Director of the Russia / NIS Center at IFRI ( Institut français des relations internationales ) and of the trilingual electronic collection Russie . NEI.Visions in English .
Lord Edward Thynne ( 23 January 1807 -- 4 February 1884 ) was an English nobleman .
Clifford Edmund Bosworth FBA ( 29 December 1928 -- 28 February 2015 ) was an English historian and Orientalist , specializing in Arabic and Iranian studies .
Hermann Rauschning ( 7 August 1887 -- February 8 , 1982 ) was a German Conservative Revolutionary who briefly joined the Nazis before breaking with them .
José Augusto Sánchez Pérez ( Madrid , 30 November 1882 -- 13 November 1958 ) was a Spanish mathematician and member of the Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences .
Nikolay Haytov ( Bulgarian : Николай Хайтов ) ( 15 September 1919 -- 30 June 2002 ) was a Bulgarian fiction writer , playwright , patriot and publicist known for his publications and research regarding the life of Bulgarian revolutioner Vasil Levski .
Hugh Fortescue , 4th Earl Fortescue KCB ( 16 April 1854 -- 29 October 1932 ) , styled Viscount Ebrington from 1861 to 1905 , was an English Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1881 until 1892 and later in the House of Lords having inherited his father 's peerages .
José María de Pereda ( born 6 February 1833 , Polanco , Cantabria -- died 1 March 1906 , Polanco ) was a modern Spanish novelists , and a Member of the Royal Spanish Academy .
Giora Romm ( Hebrew : גיורא רום‎ , born 1945 ) is a former deputy commander of the Israeli Air Force ( IAF ) , Israel 's former military attaché in the United States and the current director of the Civil Aviation Authority of Israel .
William Henry Wilkins ( 1860 - -1905 ) was an English writer , best known as a royal biographer and campaigner for immigration controls .
Gaston Jèze ( Toulouse , March 2 , 1869 -- August 5 , 1953 in Deauville ) was a French academic , humanitarian and Human Rights activist .
Andriy Shkil ( Ukrainian : Андрі́й Васи́льович Шкіль ; Andriy Vasilovich Shkil ) is a Ukrainian politician .
Frank Ripploh ( September 2 , 1949 -- June 22 , 2002 ) was a German actor , film director , and author .
Bhagyalakshmi ( Malayalam : ഭാഗ്യലക്ഷ്മി ; born 1 November 1962 ) is a leading dubbing artist of Malayalam film industry .
Nina Auerbach ( born May 24 , 1943 in New York City ) is the John Welsh Centennial Professor of English Emerita at the University of Pennsylvania .
Turhan Feyzioğlu ( 1922 -- 24 March 1988 ) was a Turkish academic and a politician .
Jaromír Štětina ( born April 6 , 1943 in Prague ) is a Czech journalist , writer and politician .
Maurice Halbwachs ( French : ( mɔˈʁis ˈalbvaks ) ; 11 March 1877 -- 16 March 1945 ) was a French philosopher and sociologist known for developing the concept of collective memory .
Gyula Madarász ( 3 May 1858 -- 29 December 1931 ) , also known as Julius von Madarász , was a Hungarian ornithologist and nature artist , who worked at the Hungarian National Museum .
Jacopo Facciolati ( 1682 - -1769 ) was an Italian lexicographer and philologist .
Enguerrand de Marigny ( 1260 -- April 30 , 1315 ) was a French chamberlain and minister of Philip IV the Fair .
Georg Pencz ( c. 1500 -- 11 October 1550 ) was a German engraver , painter and printmaker .
Gustave Malécot ( December 28 , 1911 -- November 1998 ) was a French mathematician whose work on heredity had a strong influence on population genetics .
Stanoje Stanojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Станоје Станојевић ; 1874 in Novi Sad -- 1937 in Belgrade ) was a Serbian historian , university professor , academic and a leader of many scientific and publishing enterprises .
Peter Häberle ( born 13 May 1934 in Göppingen , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German legal scholar , specialising in constitutional law .
Vittorio Monti ( 6 January 1868 -- 20 June 1922 ) was an Italian composer , violinist , mandolinist and conductor .
Jacques Rohault ( French : ( ʁɔ.o ) ; 1618 - -1672 ) was a French philosopher , physicist and mathematician , and a follower of Cartesianism .
Giulio Claro ( or Clarus ) ( 1525 - -1575 ) was an Italian jurist .
Salama Moussa ( or Musa ; 1887 -- 4 August 1958 ) ( Arabic : سلامه موسى‎ pronounced ( sæˈlæːmæ ˈmuːsæ ) ) , born into a wealthy , land owning Coptic family in the town of Zagazig located in the Nile delta , Egypt .
Jean - Émile Charon ( Paris , 25 February 1920 -- Paris , June 1998 ) was a French nuclear physicist , philosopher and writer .
Rafael Rodríguez Mohedano ( 1725 - -1787 ) was a Spanish Franciscan , historian and writer .
Martin Schanz ( 12 June 1842 -- 15 December 1914 ) was a German classicist and Plato scholar .
Dominique Alexandre Godron ( March 25 , 1807 - August 16 , 1880 ) was a French physician and botanist born in the town of Hayange , in the département Moselle .
Mario de Carvalho ( born 25 September 1944 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese playwright and novelist .
Petra Hartmann ( born 1970 in Hildesheim ) is a German literature scientist , journalist and author .
Raveneau de Lussan ( born 1663 in Paris ) was a French buccaneer .
Nicole Loraux ( 26 April 1943 -- 6 April 2003 ) was a French historian of classical Athens .
Henri Fursy or Furcy ( real name Henri Dreyfus , 26 February 1866 - 14 April 1929 ) was a French cabaret singer , director and lyricist .
Mesut Özil ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmeːzut ˈøːzil ) , Turkish : ( meˈsut ˈøzil ) ; born 15 October 1988 ) is a German footballer who plays for English club Arsenal and the German national team .
Maxime Jacob , or Dom Clément Jacob , ( 13 January 1906 , Bordeaux -- 26 February 1977 , Abbaye En - Calcat , Dourgne , Tarn ) was a French composer and organist .
François Le Diascorn ( Born January 10 , 1947 at La Flèche , near Mans , Sarthe département ) is a French photographer , close to the humanist school , who has developed a poetic vision of the world through his unusual images in which a dream - like world seems to superimpose itself upon reality .
Alexander Granach ( April 18 , 1893 -- March 14 , 1945 ) was a popular German actor in the 1920s and 1930s who later migrated to the United States .
Ana Francisca Abarca de Bolea ( 1602 - -1685 ) was a Spanish writer and poet born in Zaragoza on 19 April 1602 and died in Casbas ( Huesca ) around 1685 .
Haim Yisraeli ( Hebrew : חיים ישראלי‎;‎ 1927 -- 7 June 2011 ) was a senior Israeli civil servant .
Tomislav Ivančić ( born 1938 ) is a Croatian theologian and academic .
Feliks Topolski RA ( 14 August 1907 -- 24 August 1989 ) was a Polish expressionist painter and draughtsman working primarily in the United Kingdom .
John Amyand ( 6 November 1751 - 5 June 1780 ) was an English Whig politician .
Peter Jonas Bergius ( born 1730 in Kronoberg , Sweden - died 1790 ) was a Swedish medical doctor and botanist .
Samuel Crawley ( 16 December 1790 -- 21 December 1852 ) was an English Whig and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1818 and 1841 .
Carlos Labbé ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkaɾlos laˈβe ) ) is a Chilean fiction writer born at Santiago de Chile in 1977 .
Albert Manent i Segimon ( 23 September 1930 -- 14 April 2014 ) was a Spanish writer and cultural activist .
Franco Arcalli ( 18 July 1929 - 24 February 1978 ) , also known as Kim Arcalli , was an Italian film editor and screenwriter best known for his work with Bernardo Bertolucci and Michelangelo Antonioni .
Frederick Luis Aldama is Arts and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English and University Distinguished Scholar at The Ohio State University , United States .
Paul Dubreil ( French : ( dybʁɛj ) ; 1 March 1904 -- 9 March 1994 ) was a French mathematician .
Théodule - Armand Ribot ( December 18 , 1839 -- December 9 , 1916 ) , French psychologist , was born at Guingamp , and was educated at the Lycée de St Brieuc .
Ilia Beshkov Dunov ( Bulgarian : Илия Бешков Дунов ; 24 July 1901 -- 23 January 1958 ) was a Bulgarian artist ( painter , graphic artist , cartoonist and illustrator ) , writer and pedagogue .
Rabbi Elazar ben Moshe Azikri ( Hebrew : אלעזר בן משה אזכרי‎ ) ( 1533 - -1600 ) was a Jewish kabbalist , poet and writer , born in Safed to a Sephardic family who had settled in the Land of Israel after the expulsion from Spain .
Joseph Kürschner ( 20 September 1853 , in Gotha -- 29 July 1902 , on a journey to Huben ) was a German author and editor most often cited for his critical edition of classics from German literature .
Ernst Friedrich Karl Rosenmüller ( December 10 , 1768 -- September 17 , 1835 ) was a German Orientalist and Protestant theologian born in Heßberg , which is now a part of Veilsdorf in the District of Hildburghausen , Thuringia .
Jean Meslier ( French : ( melje ) ; also Mellier ; 15 June 1664 -- 17 June 1729 ) , was a French Catholic priest ( abbé ) who was discovered , upon his death , to have written a book - length philosophical essay promoting atheism .
Ferdinando Fontana ( 30 January 1850 -- 10 May 1919 ) was an Italian journalist , dramatist , and poet .
Régis Blachère ( 30 June 1900 -- 7 August 1973 ) was a French orientalist and translator of the Qur'an .
Jacques Briard ( born November 7 , 1933 in Saint - Malo , France -- died June 14 , 2002 in Chantepie , France ) was a French prehistoric archaeologist .
Feliks Tych ( 31 July 1929 , Warsaw , Poland -- 16 February 2015 , Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish Jewish historian and educator .
Admiral comte Pierre André de Suffren de Saint Tropez , bailli de Suffren ( 17 July 1729 -- 8 December 1788 ) , French admiral .
Manuel Francisco Álvarez de la Peña ( 1727 - -1797 ) , Spanish sculptor , was born at Salamanca .
Giuseppe Bardari ( 27 May 1817 -- 22 September 1861 ) was an Italian lawyer and writer .
Charles Étienne Louis Camus ( 25 August 1699 -- 2 February 1768 ) , was a French mathematician and mechanician who was born at Crécy - en - Brie , near Meaux .
Antoine Johannot , known commonly as Tony Johannot ( 9 November 1803 -- 4 August 1852 ) , was a French engraver , illustrator and painter .
Pierre Cally ( 25 September 1630 -- 31 December 1709 ) was a French Catholic Cartesian philosopher and theologian .
Romano Bilenchi ( 1909 - 1989 ) was an Italian novelist , short story writer and essayist .
Hedda Zinner , or Hedda Erpenbeck - Zinner ( 20 May 1905 -- 7 January 1994 ) was a German political writer , actress , comedienne , journalist and radio director .
Nigel North ( born 5 June 1954 ) is an English lutenist , musicologist , and pedagogue .
Jean - Baptiste Corneille ( 2 December 1649 -- 12 April 1695 ) was a French painter , etcher , and engraver .
William Aldam ( 20 August 1813 -- 27 July 1890 ) was an English Liberal Party politician and MP for the Yorkshire constituency of Leeds between 1841 and 1847 .
Domenico Tempio ( 1750 - -1821 ) was an Italian writer who mainly wrote in the Sicilian language or dialect .
Al - Mufaddal ibn Abi al - Fada'il ( Arabic : المفضل بن ابي الفضائل‎ ) was a 14th - century Egyptian historian .
Viktor Golyshev ( born 1937 ) is a well - known English - to - Russian translator .
Lluís Llach i Grande ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʎuˈiz ˈʎak ) ) ( born 7 May 1948 in Girona , Catalonia , Spain ) is a Catalan composer and singer - songwriter .
Maurice Klippel ( 30 May 1858 -- 20 July 1942 ) was a French physician for whom the conditions Klippel - Feil syndrome and Klippel - Trenaunay - Weber syndrome are named .
Eileen Chang ( simplified Chinese : 张爱玲 ; traditional Chinese : 張愛玲 ; pinyin : Zhāng Ailíng ; Cantonese Yale : Zoeng Oiling ) ( September 30 , 1920 -- September 8 , 1995 ) was one of the most influential modern Chinese writers .
Hamid Notghi ( Persian : حمید نطقی‎‎ , 1920 - -1999 ) was an Iranian poet , writer , author , university professor .
Gérard Corbiau ( French : ( kɔʁbjo ) ; born 19 September 1941 ) is a Belgian film director .
Ernest Vessiot ( French : ( vesjo ) ; March 8 , 1865 -- October 17 , 1952 ) was a French mathematician .
The President of the Region of Murcia , ( Spanish : Presidente de la Región de Murcia ) is the head of government of the Spanish autonomous community of the Region of Murcia .
Maurice Duverger ( 5 June 1917 -- 16 December 2014 ) was a French jurist , sociologist and politician .
Donald Gee ( 1891 - -1966 ) was an English Pentecostal Bible Teacher .
Stefano della Bella ( 18 May 1610 -- 12 July 1664 ) was an Italian draughtsman and printmaker known for etchings of a great variety of subjects , including military and court scenes , landscapes , and lively genre scenes .
Samuel Elias Sawbridge ( 7 January 1769 - 27 May 1850 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of Great Britain and then of the United Kingdom from 1796 to 1797 and in 1807 .
Conrad Janninck ( `` Conrad Janningus '' in Latin ) was one of the Bollandists who worked on the Acts of the Saints .
Franco Zeffirelli , KBE Grande Ufficiale OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈfraŋko ddzeffiˈrɛlli ) ; born 12 February 1923 ) is an Italian director and producer of operas , films and television .
Nawaf Massalha ( Arabic : نواف مصالحة‎ , Hebrew : נואף מסאלחה‎ , born 26 November 1943 , also spelt Nawaf Mazalha or Nawaf Masalha ) is an Israeli Arab politician .
Jyothirmayi is an Indian actress , model and television personality , who has primarily worked in Malayalam cinema .
Rabi Ghosh ( Bengali : রবি ঘোষ ) ( 24 November 1931 -- 4 February 1997 ) was an Indian actor who worked in Bengali cinema .
Rastko Petrović ( Belgrade , 3 March 1898 -- Washington , D.C. , 15 August 1949 ) was a Serbian poet , writer , diplomat , literary and art critic .
Chairil Anwar ( 26 July 1922 -- 28 April 1949 ) was an Indonesian poet and member of the `` 1945 generation '' of writers .
Hazari Prasad Dwivedi ( August 19 , 1907 -- May 19 , 1979 ) was a Hindi novelist , literary historian , essayist , critic and scholar .
Johannes Heinrich Schultz ( June 20 , 1884 -- September 19 , 1970 ) was a German psychiatrist and an independent psychotherapist .
Gaius Valgius Rufus , Latin poet , friend of Horace and Maecenas , and consul in 12 BC . He was known as a writer of elegies and epigrams , and his contemporaries believed him capable of great things in epic .
Thomas Tidholm ( born in Örebro on 11 April 1943 ) is a Swedish children 's writer , poet , playwright , photographer , translator , and musician .
Joseph Rawson Lumby ( 1831 - -1895 ) was an English cleric , academic and author and divine , Norrisian Professor of Divinity from 1879 and then Lady Margaret 's Professor of Divinity from 1892 .
Júlio Dantas , GCC ( 1876 in Lagos -- 1962 in Lisboa ) was a Portuguese doctor , poet , journalist , politician , diplomat and dramatist .
Stacy Doris ( May 21 , 1962 -- January 31 , 2012 ) was a poet who wrote in English and French .
Hannes Wader ( born Hans Eckard Wader on 23 June 1942 ) is a German singer - songwriter ( `` Liedermacher '' ) .
Anna Ancher ( 18 August 1859 -- 15 April 1935 ) was a Danish artist associated with the Skagen Painters , an artists ' colony on the northern point of Jutland , Denmark .
Aron Cotruș ( 2 January 1891 - 1 November 1961 ) was a Romanian poet and diplomat who was a supporter of the fascist Iron Guard .
John Creemer Clarke ( 1821 -- 11 February 1895 ) was an English merchant and manufacturer and a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885 .
Niklas Luhmann ( December 8 , 1927 -- November 6 , 1998 ) was a German sociologist , and a prominent thinker in systems theory , who is increasingly recognized as one of the most important social theorists of the 20th century .
Nida Jay ( born September 2 , 1985 ) is a Pakistani novelist who writes in the English language .
Jürgen Kocka ( born 19 April 1941 , in Haindorf ) is a German historian .
Adam Asnyk ( 11 September 1838 -- 2 August 1897 ) , was a Polish poet and dramatist of the Positivist era .
Jeong Cheol ( 정철 , 1536 - -1593 ) was a Korean statesman and poet .
Moritz Lazarus ( 15 September 1824 -- 13 April 1903 ) , born at Filehne , in the Prussian province of Posen , was a German philosopher , psychologist , and a vocal opponent of the antisemitism of his time .
Jean - Louis - Marc Alibert ( May 2 , 1768 -- November 4 , 1837 ) was a French dermatologist born in Villefranche - de - Rouergue , Aveyron .
Hans Gerhard Gräf ( 1864 - -1942 ) was a German Goethe specialist .
Wilhelm Siegmund Teuffel ( German : ( ˈtɔɪfəl ) ; September 27 , 1820 -- March 8 , 1878 ) , German classical scholar , was born at Ludwigsburg in the Kingdom of Württemberg .
Samuel Thomas von Sömmerring ( 28 January 1755 -- 2 March 1830 ) was a German physician , anatomist , anthropologist , paleontologist and inventor .
Joseph Jules Dejerine ( 3 August 1849 -- 26 February 1917 ) , was a French neurologist .
Albrycht Stanisław Radziwiłł ( July 1 , 1595 -- November 12 , 1656 ) was a Polish nobleman , a Reichfürst and a politician from Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , who served as the Lesser Lithuanian Chancellor from 1619 , the Grand Chancellor of Lithuania and Governor of Vilnius from 1623 .
Giovanni Cantoni ( 31 December 1818 -- 15 July 1897 ) was an Italian physicist and political figure .
María Carmen Amoraga Toledo ( born 1969 ) is a Spanish writer .
Ettore Pozzoli ( July 23 , 1873 -- November 9 , 1957 ) was an Italian classical pianist and composer .
Hermann Rolfus ( b. at Freiburg , 24 May 1821 ; d. at Bühl , near Offenburg , 27 October 1896 ) was a German Roman Catholic priest and educator .
Szymon Szymonowic ( in Latin , Simon Simonides ; in Armenian , Շիմոն Շիմոնովիչ ; also , in Polish , `` Szymonowicz '' and `` Bendoński '' ; born Lwów , 24 October 1558 -- died 5 May 1629 , Czarnięcin , near Zamość ) was a Polish Renaissance poet .
Heinrich Joseph Wetzer ( Anzefahr , Hesse - Kassel ( or Hesse - Cassel ) , 19 March 1801 -- Freiburg , Baden , 5 November 1853 ) was a German Orientalist .
Jacques Antoine Charles Bresse ( 9 October 1822 , Vienne , Isère -- 22 May 1883 ) was a French civil engineer who specialized in the design and use of hydraulic motors .
Ritwik Ghatak ( Bengali : ঋত্বিক কুমার ঘটক , Ritbik Kumar Ghôţôk , listen ; 4 November 1925 -- 6 February 1976 ) was a Bengali filmmaker and script writer .
Louis - Joseph - Raphaël Collin ( 17 June 1850 -- 21 October 1916 ) was a French painter born and raised in Paris , where he became a prominent academic painter and a teacher .
Paweł Kubisz ( 12 May 1907 -- 19 August 1968 ) was a Polish poet , writer , journalist , and activist , one of the most important poets from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia .
Bevis Hillier ( born 28 March 1940 ) is an English art historian , author and journalist .
Alberto Piazza ( born 1941 ) is an Italian human geneticist , Professor of Human Genetics at the University of Turin .
Atle Selberg ( 14 June 1917 -- 6 August 2007 ) was a Norwegian mathematician known for his work in analytic number theory , and in the theory of automorphic forms , in particular bringing them into relation with spectral theory .
Count Luigi Ferdinando Marsili or Marsigli ( Lat . Marsilius , 10 July 1658 -- 1 November 1730 ) , was an Italian - born scholar and eminent natural scientist , who also served as an emissary and soldier .
Fahadh Faasil is an Indian film actor known for his work in Malayalam cinema .
Martín de Mayorga Ferrer ( September 12 , 1721 in Barcelona , Spain -- 1783 in Spain ) was a Spanish military officer , governor of the Captaincy General of Guatemala ( from June 1773 to 1779 ) , and interim viceroy of New Spain ( from August 23 , 1779 to April 28 , 1783 ) .
Jules Simon Troubat ( 1836 - -1914 ) was a French littérateur , born at Montpellier .
Oduvil Unnikrishnan ( 13 February 1944 -- 27 May 2006 ) was an award - winning Indian film actor known for his versatile acting skills , shown in his portrayal of classical ancient aristocratic personalities in Malayalam cinema with his unique provincial linguistic style , expressions and dialect .
Otokar Fischer ( 20 May 1883 -- 12 March 1938 ) was a Czech translator , playwright , poet and critic .
Shammu ( Tamil:ஷம்மு ; born Sheerin Ramalingam on 14 June 1992 ) is an Indian actress who appears in Tamil films .
Hans Heinz Stuckenschmidt ( 1 November 1901 -- 15 August 1988 ) was a German composer , musicologist , and historian and critic of music .
John Italus or Italos ( Greek : Ἰωάννης ὁ Ἰταλός , Iōannēs o Italós ; Latin : Johannes Italus ) was a Neoplatonic Byzantine philosopher of the eleventh century .
Yves Allégret ( French : ( aleɡʁɛ ) ; 13 October 1905 -- 31 January 1987 ) was a French film director , often working in the film noir genre .
Marcin Baran ( born 1963 in Kraków ) is a Polish poet and journalist .
Sait Faik Abasıyanık ( 18 November 1906 -- 11 May 1954 ) was one of the greatest Turkish writers of short stories and poetry and considered an important literary figure of the 1940s .
Gregorio Morales ( 7 July 1952 -- 22 June 2015 ) , was a Spanish novelist .
Albertanus of Brescia ( Italian : Albertano da Brescia , ca . 1195 -- ca . 1251 ) , author of Latin social treatises and sermons .
Jean - Marc Lofficier ( born June 22 , 1954 ) is a French author of books about films and television programs , as well as numerous comics and translations of a number of animation screenplays .
Sergio Sollima ( April 17 , 1921 -- July 1 , 2015 ) was an Italian film director and script writer .
Catherine David ( born 1954 ) is a French art historian , curator and museum director .
Robert - François Damiens ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁɔbɛʁ fʁɑ̃swa damjɛ̃ ) ; 9 January 1715 -- 28 March 1757 ) was a French domestic servant whose attempted assassination of King Louis XV of France in 1757 culminated in his notorious and controversial public execution .
Arthur Robison ( June 25 , 1883 -- October 20 , 1935 ) was a German film director and screenwriter of the silent era .
Louis Bontes ( Dutch pronunciation : ( luˈi ˈbɔntəs ) ; born 28 February 1956 ) is a Dutch politician and former police officer .
Domenico da Cortona called `` Boccador '' ( ca 1465 -- ca 1549 ) was an Italian architect , a pupil of Giuliano da Sangallo .
A Trotskyist in his teenage years , François Duprat moved to the far right and became a member of the Jeune Nation wing of the French nationalist students ' federation ( Fédération des étudiants nationalistes FEN ) .
Anastas Al - Karmali ( Arabic : أنستاس الكرملي‎ ) , literally Anastas the Carmelite aka Père Anastase - Marie de Saint - Élie ( b. 5 Aug 1866-d . 1947 Jan 7 ) was a Lebanese Christian priest , most famed for his contributions to the field of Arabic linguistics .
Alix d'Unienville , MBE , LdeH , CdeG ( 8 May 1918 -- 10 November 2015 ) was a member of the Special Operations Executive ( SOE ) during World War II and worked as a courier for the French Section .
Youssef Chahine ( Arabic : يوسف شاهين‎ ; 25 January 1926 -- 27 July 2008 ) was an Egyptian film director , active in the Egyptian film industry from 1950 until his death .
Gitte Seeberg ( born on 25 June 1960 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish politician , lawyer , and current secretary general of the Danish branch of the WWF .
Magens Dorrien Magens ( ca . 1768 -- 30 May 1849 ) of Hammerwood Lodge , Sussex , was an English banker , Member of Parliament and author .
Antonio Blanco Freijeiro ( September 6 , 1923 - January 6 , 1991 ) was a Spanish archaeologist and historian .
Ludwig Gotthard Kosegarten ( 1 February 1758 -- 26 October 1818 ) , also known as Ludwig Theobul or Ludwig Theoboul , was a German poet and Lutheran preacher .
Ross Donnelly Mangles ( 1801 -- 1877 ) was an English politician , Member of Parliament for Guildford between 1841 and 1857 .
General Jean Joseph Amable Humbert ( 22 August 1767 -- 3 January 1823 ) was a French soldier , a participant in the French Revolution , who led a failed invasion of Ireland to assist Irish rebels in 1798 .
Louise von Gall ( 19 September 1815 , Darmstadt -- 16 March 1855 , Augsburg ) was a nineteenth - century German novelist and social critic .
Bolesław Wallek - Walewski ( born 23 January 1885 in Lviv , died 9 April 1944 in Kraków ) was a Polish composer and conductor , lecturer and Director of the Conservatory of Music in Kraków .
Josep Abril i Virgili ( 1869 - 1918 ) was a self - taught Catalan poet and playwright .
Jean Benner ( 28 March 1836 , Mulhouse -- 28 October 1906 , Paris ) was a French artist , and twin to fellow artist , Emmanuel Benner .
Célestin Port ( 23 May 1828 -- 4 March 1901 ) was a French archivist and historian .
Augusto Fantozzi ( born 24 June 1940 ) is an Italian lawyer , tax expert , academic , businessman and politician who served as economy and finance minister and then , foreign trade minister .
Verney Lovett Cameron ( 1 July 1844 -- 24 March 1894 ) was an English traveller in Central Africa and the first European to cross ( 1875 ) equatorial Africa from sea to sea .
María Goyri de Menéndez Pidal ( 1873 - -1955 ) was a Spanish Hispanist , literary critic , researcher , educator and advocate for women 's rights .
Caryl Brahms , born Doris Caroline Abrahams ( 8 December 1901 -- 5 December 1982 ) , was an English critic , novelist , and journalist specialising in the theatre and ballet .
David Flusser ( Hebrew : דוד פלוסר ) ( born 1917 ; died 2000 ) was a professor of Early Christianity and Judaism of the Second Temple Period at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Marie - Félicité Brosset ( January 24 , 1802 -- September 22 , 1880 ) was a French orientalist who specialized in Georgian and Armenian studies .
Pere d'Abella was a 15th - century Catalan poet .
Yaakov Shabtai ( 1934 - -81 ) ( Hebrew : יעקב שבתאי‎ ) was an Israeli novelist , playwright , and translator .
Kåre Fasting ( 1907 -- 1983 ) was a Norwegian journalist , newspaper editor , novelist , biographer and non - fiction writer .
Manuel Altolaguirre ( 29 June 1905 -- 26 July 1959 ) was a Spanish poet , an editor , publisher , and printer of poetry , and a member of the Generation of ' 27 .
Abdeljelil Temimi , also transliterated as Abdoljalil Tamimi ( Arabic : عبد الجليل التميمي‎ ; born July 21 , 1938 ) , is a Tunisian historian .
Benvenuto Cellini ( Italian pronunciation : ( bemveˈnuːto tʃelˈliːni ) ; 3 November 1500 -- 13 February 1571 ) was an Italian goldsmith , sculptor , draftsman , soldier , musician , and artist who also wrote a famous autobiography and poetry .
Josep Soler i Sardà ( born 25 March 1935 in Vilafranca del Penedès ) is a Spanish composer , writer and music theorist , one of the main Catalan members of the Generación del 51 .
The last , and perhaps most popular , version of the legend of Macías appeared in the mid-16th century in the Historia de la nobleza del Andalucía by Gonzalo Argote de Molina ( in Spanish ) .
Per Erik Rundquist ( 1912 -- 1986 ) was a Swedish novelist and poet .
Lucien Musset ( August 26 , 1922 -- December 15 , 2004 ) was a French historian , specializing in the Duchy of Normandy and the history of the Vikings .
Álvaro Barreirinhas Cunhal , who used the name Álvaro Cunhal ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈaɫvɐɾu kuˈɲaɫ ) ; 10 November 1913 -- 13 June 2005 ) , was a Portuguese communist revolutionary and politician .
Licia Ronzulli ( born : Milan , Italy 14 September 1975 ) is an Italian MEP representing the New Forza Italia party .
Gotthilf Heinrich von Schubert ( 26 April 1780 , in Hohenstein - Ernstthal -- 30 June 1860 , in Laufzorn , a village in Oberhaching ) was a German physician and naturalist .
Sir William Lowther , 3rd Baronet ( 1727 -- 15 April 1756 ) was an English landowner , of Marske Hall , Yorkshire and Holker Hall .
Johann Heinrich Tischbein the Elder , called the Kasseler , ( 3 October 1722 -- 22 August 1789 ) was one of the most respected European painters in the 18th century and an important member of the Tischbein dynasty of German painters , which spanned four generations .
José Félix Tapia Ruiz ( born Madrid , 1910 - Madrid , 1969 ) was a Spanish writer and journalist .
Pierre Dukan is a French medical doctor and nutritionist , and the creator of the famous Dukan Diet .
Kalpana Kartik ( born Mona Singha ) is a former Hindi film actress .
Philippe Ardant ( July 21 , 1929 -- June 6 , 2007 ) was a French jurist , former president of the Constitutional Court of the principality of Andorra , former president of the Arab World Institute and former president of Panthéon - Assas University .
Caroline Rudolphi ( also Karoline ; 1753 - -1811 ) was a German educationist and poet .
Pierre - Joseph Candeille ( 8 December 1744 - -24 April 1827 ) was a French composer and singer , born in Estaires .
Julien Vinson ( 21 January 1843 -- 21 November 1926 ) was a French linguist who specialized in the languages of India , mainly Tamil , and also in the Basque language .
Bernard Cribbins , OBE ( born 29 December 1928 ) is an English character actor , voice - over artist and musical comedian with a career spanning over seventy years .
Sir Anthony Hope Hawkins , better known as Anthony Hope ( 9 February 1863 -- 8 July 1933 ) , was an English novelist and playwright .
Louis Lazare Hoche ( 24 June 1768 -- 19 September 1797 ) was a French soldier who rose to be general of the Revolutionary army .
Shin Kanemaru ( 金丸 信 Kanemaru Shin ) , 17 September 1914 - 28 March 1996 ) was a Japanese politician who was a significant figure in the political arena of Japan from the 1970s to the early 1990s .
Dominique Sourdel ( 1921 , Pont - Sainte - Maxence -- 4 March 2014 ) was a French historian who specialized in Medieval Islam .
Elio Filippo Accrocca ( 17 April 1923 -- 11 March 1996 ) was an Italian poet , author , and translator .
Johann Gottfried Stallbaum ( September 25 , 1793 - January 24 , 1861 ) , German classical scholar , was born at Zaasch , near Delitzsch in Saxony .
Louis Boudan ( 16??--17 ? ? ) was an artist who worked for François Roger de Gaignières , a French genealogist , antiquary and collector who was active in the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
Victor of Tunnuna ( in Latin Victor Tunnunensis ) ( died circa 570 ) was Bishop of the North African town of Tunnuna , a chronicler from Late Antiquity , and considered a martyr by Isidore of Seville .
Milan Knížák ( Czech : ( ˈmɪlan ˈkɲiːʒaːk ) ; born 19 April 1940 ) is a Czech performance artist , sculptor , musician , installation artist , dissident , graphic artist , art theorist and pedagogue of art .
Lucien Denis Gabriel Albéric Magnard ( French pronunciation : ​(lysjɑ̃ dəni ɡabʁijɛl albeʁik maɲaːʁ ) ; 9 June 1865 -- 3 September 1914 ) was a French composer , sometimes referred to as the `` French Bruckner '' , though there are significant differences between the two composers .
Lance Comfort ( 11 August 1908 -- 25 August 1966 ) was an English film director and producer born in Harrow , London .
He was known artistically as Salvador Videgain , was a theatrical entrepreneur , author , actor , theater director , Spanish .
Taneli Kuusisto ( 19 June 1905 -- 30 March 1988 ) was a Finnish composer , music critic , teacher and choir leader .
Nicolas Rapin ( 1535 -- 16 February 1608 ) was a French Renaissance magistrate , royal officer , translator , poet and satirist , known for being one of the authors of the Satire Ménippée ( 1593/4 ) and an outspoken critic of the excesses of the Holy League during the Wars of Religion .
Friedrich Wilhelm Otto Modersohn ( 22 February 1865 , Soest - 10 March 1943 , Rotenburg ) was a German landscape painter .
Gertrudis Gómez de Avellaneda y Arteaga ( March 23 , 1814 -- February 1 , 1873 ) was a 19th - century Cuban - born Spanish writer .
Stefanie Zweig ( 19 September 1932 -- 25 April 2014 ) was a German Jewish writer and journalist .
Henri Rabaud ( 10 November 1873 -- 11 September 1949 ) was a French conductor and composer , who held important posts in the French musical establishment and upheld mainly conservative trends in French music in the first half of the twentieth century .
Michael Weiße or Weisse ( c. 1488 -- 19 March 1534 ) was a German theologian and hymn writer .
Claude de Mesmes , comte d'Avaux ( 1595 - -1650 ) was a 17th - century French diplomat and public administrator , one of France 's leading diplomats in the first half of the century .
Ismat Chughtai ( Urdu : عصمت چغتائی‎ ) ( August 1915 -- 24 October 1991)1 was an eminent Indian writer in Urdu , known for her indomitable spirit and a fierce feminist ideology .
Flavio Medina ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈflaβjo meˈðina ) ; born ; April 19 , 1978 ) is a Mexican actor .
Maurice Nicolle ( 1 March 1862 -- 20 August 1932 ) was a French physician and microbiologist born in Rouen .
Fyodor Sologub ( Russian : Фёдор Сологу́б , born Fyodor Kuzmich Teternikov , Russian : Фёдор Кузьми́ч Тете́рников , also known as Theodor Sologub ; March 1 ( O.S. February 17 ) 1863 -- December 5 , 1927 ) was a Russian Symbolist poet , novelist , playwright and essayist .
Stefano Guazzo ( 1530 - -1593 ) was an Italian writer from Casale Monferrato .
Abdul Samad Ismail ( 18 April 1924 -- 4 September 2008 ) , who often went by the moniker Pak Samad , was a Malaysian journalist , writer and editor .
Frode Grytten ( born 11 December 1960 in Bergen , but grew up in Odda ) is a Norwegian writer and journalist .
Lelio Lagorio ( born 9 November 1925 ) is an Italian politician who served as the first President of Tuscany from 1970 until 1978 .
Margarita Nelken ( 1894 - -1968 ) was a Spanish feminist and writer .
Nadje Sadig Al - Ali ( Arabic : نادية صادق العلي‎ ) is the author of Iraqi Women :
Patrick Blanc ( born June 3 , 1953 , Paris ) is a French botanist , working at the French National Centre for Scientific Research , where he specializes in plants from tropical forests .
Randeep Hooda ( pronounced ( rɳd̪iːp huːɖaː ) ; born 20 August 1976 ) is an Indian film actor who appears in Hindi - language films .
Filippo Buonaccorsi , called `` Callimachus '' ( Latin : Philippus Callimachus Experiens , Bonacursius ; Polish : Filip Kallimach ; 2 May 1437 -- 1 November 1496 ) was an Italian humanist and writer .
Ciro Procuna is a Latin sports announcer for ESPN Deportes ( ESPN in Spanish in the United States ) .
Óscar Pujol Muñoz ( born 16 October 1983 ) is a Spanish professional cyclist , who currently rides for Team Ukyo .
Jānis Poruks ( 13 October 1871 -- 25 July 1911 ) , was a Latvian poet and writer could be considered as a founder of the romantic branch of Latvian literature .
Koldo Mitxelena Elissalt ( Basque pronunciation : ( koldo mitʃelena ) ) ( also known as Luis Michelena ; 1915 , Errenteria , Gipuzkoa -- 11 October 1987 , San Sebastián ) was an eminent Basque linguist .
Claire Colebrook ( or Claire Mary Colebrook ) ( born 25 October 1965 ) , is an Australian cultural theorist , currently appointed Edwin Erle Sparks Professor of English at Pennsylvania State University .
Hudson Gurney ( 1775 - -1864 ) was an English antiquary and verse - writer , also known as a politician .
Lamberto Puggelli ( 1938 -- 11 August 2013 ) was an Italian stage and opera director .
Tristram Stuart ( born 1977 in London ) is an English author and campaigner .
Carlos Sainz Cenamor ( born 12 April 1962 in Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish former rally driver .
Axel Reymond ( born 13 February 1994 at Paris in France ) is a French Marathon swimmer in open water swimming events ( 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) , 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) et 25 km ( 16 mi ) ) .
Kavya Madhavan is an Indian film actor who predominantly works in Malayalam cinema .
The Venerable Jean - Claude Colin , S.M. was a French priest ( 7 August 1790 - 15 November 1875 ) who became the founder of the Society of Mary ( Marists ) .
Ferdinando Sanfelice ( 1675 -- 1 April 1748 ) was an Italian late Baroque architect and painter .
Marshal of Italy Armando Diaz , 1st Duke of the Victory , OSSA , OSML , OMS , OCI ( 5 December 1861 -- 28 February 1928 ) was an Italian General and a Marshal of Italy .
Giovenale Vegezzi Ruscalla ( 4 December 1799 , Turin , Italy - December 1885 , Turin ) , was a liberal Italian journalist , foreign honorary member of the Romanian Academy , and secretary to the Subalpine Agrarian Association .
Kakarla Tyagabrahmam ( 4 May 1767 -- 6 January 1847 ) or Saint Tyagaraja , also known as Tyāgayya in Telugu or Tyāgarājar in Tamil , was one of the greatest composers of Carnatic music or Indian classical music .
Estíbaliz Urrutia González ( born 22 February 1970 in Bilbao ) is a retired Spanish long - distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres .
Augustin de Saint - Aubin sometimes styled Auguste de Saint - Aubin ( 3 January 1736 - 9 November 1807 ) , belongs to an important dynasty of French designers and engravers .
Billy Wilder ( /ˈwaɪldər/ ; German : ( ˈvɪldɐ ) ; June 22 , 1906 -- March 27 , 2002 ) was an Austrian - born American filmmaker , screenwriter , producer , artist and journalist , whose career spanned more than fifty years and sixty films .
Professor Andreas Gestrich ( born 3 July 1952 ) is a German historian who has been director of the German Historical Institute London since September 2006 .
Carlo Ridolfi ( 1594 - -1658 ) was an Italian art biographer and painter of the Baroque period .
Guido Basile ( 16 July 1893 , Messina - 1 December 1984 ) was an Italian politician .
William Rawson Shaw ( 1 May 1860 -- 14 April 1932 ) was an English Liberal politician who represented Halifax .
Ilya Glazunov ( Russian : Илья Глазунов ) , contemporary Russian artist from Saint Petersburg , born June 10 , in 1930 .
Bruno Giordano Sanzin ( Trieste , 14 February 1906 -- 12 January 1994 ) was an Italian poet .
Gisela May is a German actress and singer born May 31 , 1924 , in Wetzlar , Rhine Province .
Ion Minulescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈon minuˈlesku ) ; 6 January 1881 -- 11 April 1944 ) was a Romanian avant - garde poet , novelist , short story writer , journalist , literary critic , and playwright .
James Brindley ( 1716 -- 27 September 1772 ) was an English engineer .
Karidja Touré ( born 14 February 1994 ) is a French actress best known for starring in the film Girlhood .
Gaetano Giulio Zumbo ( 1656 - -1701 ) was an Italian sculptor in wax or wax modeller of the Baroque era .
Filippo Giuseppe Maria Ludovico Buonarroti , more usually referred to under the French version Philippe Buonarroti ( 11 November 1761 -- 16 September 1837 ) , was an Italian utopian socialist , writer , agitator , freemason , and conspirator ; he was active in Corsica , France , and Geneva .
Luigi Dallapiccola ( February 3 , 1904 -- February 19 , 1975 ) was an Italian composer known for his lyrical twelve - tone compositions .
Gábor Döbrentei ( December 1 , 1786 -- March 28 , 1851 ) was a Hungarian philologist and antiquary .
Ventseslav Konstantinov ( Bulgarian : Венцеслав Константинов ) ( born September 14 , 1940 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian writer , aphorist and translator of German and English literature .
Ogier Ghiselin de Busbecq ( 1522 in Comines -- 28 October 1592 ; Latin : Augerius Gislenius Busbequius ; sometimes Augier Ghislain de Busbecq ) was a 16th - century Flemish writer , herbalist and diplomat in the employ of three generations of Austrian monarchs .
Jan Zachwatowicz ( March 4 , 1900 -- August 18 , 1983 ) was a Polish architect , architectural historian , and restorer .
Narcis Bosch is a Spanish pornographic film director .
Friedrich Wilhelm Basilius von Ramdohr ( 21 July 1757 -- 26 July 1822 ) was a German conservative lawyer , art critic and journalist based in Dresden .
Nguyễn Trọng Trí , penname Hàn Mặc Tử ( September 22 , 1912 - November 11 , 1940 ) was a Vietnamese poet .
Elsa Martinelli ( born Elisa Tia ; 30 January 1935 ) is an Italian actress and former fashion model .
Jeanne Agnès Berthelot de Pléneuf , marquise de Prie ( 1698 -- 7 October 1727 ) , was a French noblewoman who for a brief period exercised extraordinary control of the French court during the reign of Louis XV .
Raphaël Alibert ( 17 February 1887 , Saint - Laurent , Lot -- 5 June 1963 , Paris ) was a French politician .
Tova Ilan ( Hebrew : טובה אילן‎ , born 1 June 1929 ) is an Israeli educator and former politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Meimad between January and April 2006 .
Jean de Coras , also called Corasius ( 1515 - -1572 ) was a French jurist .
Giacomo Torelli ( 1 September 1608 -- 17 June 1678 ) was an Italian stage designer , engineer , and architect .
Pavel Eisner ( 16 January 1889 -- 8 July 1958 ) , also known as Paul Eisner and under the pseudonym Vincy Schwarze , was Czech - German linguist and translator and the author of many studies about Czech language .
Curt Wittlin ( born 1941 , Reinach , Baselland ) is a Swiss philologist and an expert of medieval Catalan language and literature .
William John Swainson FLS , FRS ( 8 October 1789 -- 6 December 1855 ) , was an English ornithologist , malacologist , conchologist , entomologist and artist .
Narciso Pascual Colomer , also known as Narciso Pacual y Colomer , ( 1808 in Valencia -- 1870 in Madrid ) was a Spanish architect .
Violette Lecoq ( 1912 -- 2003 ) was a French nurse , illustrator , and a resistance member during World War II . She is known for her drawings from the Ravensbrück concentration camp , which were also used as evidence at the first Ravensbrück Trials in 1946 .
Jan Erik Vold ( born 18 October 1939 , Oslo ) is a Norwegian lyric poet , Jazz vocal reciter , translator and author .
Charles - Emmanuel Sédillot ( 18 September 1804 -- 29 January 1883 ) was a French military physician and surgeon .
Melchior Acontius ( 1515 , Oberursel ( Taunus ) - 22 June 1569 ) was a German poet at the beginning of the 16th century .
Ernst Wiechert ( 18 May 1887 -- 24 August 1950 ) was a German teacher , poet and writer .
Pooja Bhatt ( Hindi : पूजा भट्ट ; born 24 February 1972 ) is an Indian film actress , voice actress , model and film maker .
Leila Abouzeid ( Arabic : ليلة أبو زيد‎ ) ( born 1950 , El Ksiba ) is a Moroccan author .
Fabrizio Barca ( born 8 March 1954 ) is an Italian senior civil servant and politician , who served as a state minister without portfolio for territorial cohesion in the Monti cabinet from 2011 to 2013 .
Jean - Marie Lehn ( born September 30 , 1939 ) is a French chemist .
Grzegorz Fitelberg ( 18 October 1879 -- 10 June 1953 ) was a Polish conductor , violinist and composer .
Alfred - Armand - Louis - Marie Velpeau ( 18 May 1795 -- 24 August 1867 ) was a French anatomist and surgeon .
Arthur Qwak ( born as François Hemen , December 25 , 1961 ) is a French animator and comic - book writer .
Bikash Roy was an actor in Bengali cinema .
Roselyne Sibille is a French poet who was born in 1953 in France .
Józef Wieniawski ( 23 May 1837 -- 11 November 1912 ) was a Polish pianist , composer , conductor and teacher .
Sargon Boulus ( Syriac : ܣܪܓܢ ܦܘܠܘܨ , Arabic : سركون بولص‎ , 1944 -- October 22 , 2007 ) was an Iraqi - Assyrian poet and short story writer .
Susanna Moodie ( born Strickland ; 6 December 1803 -- 8 April 1885 ) was an English - born Canadian author who wrote about her experiences as a settler in Canada , which was a British colony at the time .
Pradeep Kumar ( Bengali ) ( born Pradeep Batabyal ; 4 January 1925 -- 27 October 2001 ) was an Indian actor in Bengali and Hindi films .
Charles Savile Roundell ( 19 July 1827 -- 3 March 1906 ) was an English cricketer , lawyer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1880 and 1895 .
Victor Massé ( born Félix - Marie Massé ; 7 March 1822 -- 5 July 1884 ) was a French composer .
José Suárez Carreño ( 1915 - -2002 ) was a Spanish writer associated with the Generation of ' 36 movement .
Elihu Thomson ( March 29 , 1853 -- March 13 , 1937 ) was an English - born American engineer and inventor who was instrumental in the founding of major electrical companies in the United States , the United Kingdom and France .
Claude Érignac ( 15 October 1937 -- 6 February 1998 ) was a French prefect on the island of Corsica .
Eugène Lefèvre - Pontalis ( 12 February 1862 -- 31 October 1923 ) was a French medievalist and archeologist .
Vlado Milošević ( Serbian : Владо Милошевић ; 1901 - -1990 ) was a Serbian composer and ethnomusicologist from Banja Luka , Bosnia - Herzegovina .
Miles Joseph Berkeley ( 1 April 1803 -- 30 July 1889 ) was an English cryptogamist and clergyman , and one of the founders of the science of plant pathology .
Stefan Żeromski ( ( ˈstɛfan ʐɛˈrɔmski ) ; 14 October 1864 -- 20 November 1925 ) was a Polish novelist and dramatist .
Birte Weiss ( born 1 May 1941 ) is a Danish journalist and social democrat politician , who served in various capacities in the government of Denmark .
Jean de Schelandre ( c.1585 -- 18 October 1635 ) , Seigneur de Saumazènes , was a French poet .
Sebastián Hurtado de Corcuera ( b. Lantarón , Spain , d. August 12 , 1660 , Tenerife , Canary Islands ) was a Spanish soldier and colonial official .
Erika Mitchell ( born 7 March 1963 ) , known by her pen name E. L. James , is an English author .
Dora Schaul ( born Dora Davidsohn , 21 September 1913 -- 8 August 1999 ) was a German activist whose Jewish provenance made it necessary for her to emigrate after 1933 .
Berthold Konrad Hermann Albert Speer ( German : ( ˈʃpeːɐ̯ ) ; March 19 , 1905 -- September 1 , 1981 ) was a German architect who was , for a part of World War II , Minister of Armaments and War Production for Nazi Germany .
Rosemary Verey , OBE , VMH ( 21 December 1918 in Chatham , Kent -- 31 May 2001 in Cheltenham ) was an internationally known English garden designer , lecturer and prolific garden writer who designed the famous garden at Barnsley House , near Cirencester .
Jomol ( Gowri ) is a popular film actress in Malayalam cinema .
Aditya Roy Kapur ( pronounced ( ədiːtyəˈ royˈ kəˈpuːr ) ; born 16 November 1985 ) is an Indian film actor who works in Hindi films .
Blaže Koneski ( Macedonian : Блаже Конески ) ( December 19 , 1921 -- December 7 , 1993 ) ( born in Nebregovo , near Prilep , Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes , now Republic of Macedonia ) was one of the most distinguished Macedonian poets , writers , literary translators , and linguistic scholars .
Henry Care ( 1646 - -1688 ) was an English political writer and journalist , or `` Whig propagandist '' , whose speciality was anti - Catholicism .
Kazimierz Sakowicz ( ? -1944 ) was a Polish journalist .
Fabio Vittorini ( born 19 December 1971 ) is an Italian literary critic , currently Professor of Comparative Literature at IULM University of Milan ( Italy ) He is known for his studies on melodrama and on Italo Svevo .
Serge Baudo ( born 16 July 1927 , Marseille ) is a French conductor , the son of the oboist Étienne Baudo .
Inés Marful ( born June 1965 , Mieres , Spain ) is a Spanish writer from Asturias , known for her works on Federico García Lorca .
Thomas Sternhold ( 1500 - -1549 ) was an English courtier and the principal author of the first English metrical version of the Psalms , originally attached to the Prayer - Book as augmented by John Hopkins .
Pierre Gagnaire ( born 9 April 1950 in Apinac , Loire , France ) is a well known French chef , and is the Head Chef and owner of the eponymous Pierre Gagnaire restaurant at 6 rue Balzac in Paris ( in the 8th arrondissement ) .
Beatriz Hernanz is Spanish poet and critic .
Raffaele Calzini ( 29 December 1885 -- 2 September 1953 ) was an Italian art critic and writer .
Edmond Roudnitska ( 1905 -- 1996 ) was a French master perfumer and author .
Franz Josef Degenhardt ( 3 December 1931 -- 14 November 2011 ) was a German poet , satirist , novelist , and -- first and foremost -- a folksinger / songwriter ( Liedermacher ) with decidedly left - wing politics .
Michelle Perrot ( born 18 May 1928 , Paris ) is a French historian , and Professor emeritus at the Paris Diderot University .
Soheib Bencheikh ( born 1961 , Jeddah , Saudi Arabia ) is an Islamic religious leader and author and would - be French politician .
René de Saussure ( 17 March 1868 -- 2 December 1943 ) was a Swiss Esperantist and professional mathematician ( he defended in 1895 a doctoral thesis on a subject in geometry in Geneva ) , who composed important works about Esperanto and interlinguistics from a linguistic viewpoint .
Norbert Gastell ( 14 October 1929 -- 26 November 2015 ) was an Argentinian - born , German voice actor , who specialized in dubbing .
Kornel Filipowicz ( 27 October 1913 -- 28 February 1990 ) was a Polish novelist , poet and screenwriter , most notable for his short stories .
Gerd Schmückle ( 1 December 1917 -- 28 May 2013 ) was a German four - star general .
Quirino Principe ( Gorizia , 19 November 1935 ) is an Italian philosopher of music , Germanist , translator , dramatist , actor .
Viktor Suvorov ( Russian : Ви́ктор Суво́ров , real name Vladimir Bogdanovich Rezun , Russian : Влади́мир Богда́нович Резу́н , born April 20 , 1947 in Barabash , Primorsky Krai ) is a Russian writer , historian and a former Soviet military intelligence officer who defected to the United Kingdom .
Michal Ajvaz ( born October 30 , 1949 in Prague ) is a Czech novelist , poet and translator , an exponent of the literary style known as magic realism .
Charles Le Goffic ( 14 July 1863 -- 12 February 1932 ) was a French poet , novelist and historian whose influence was especially strong in his native Brittany .
Alejandro Catalán ( El Pobo de Dueñas,11 December 1968 ) better known as Alex Catalán , is a Spanish director of photography , who has worked in more than 20 feature films and other short films which have won several prizes .
Étienne Charles de Loménie de Brienne ( 9 October 1727 -- 19 February 1794 ) was a French churchman , politician and finance minister of Louis XVI .
Frank Le Gall ( born September 23 , 1959 in Rouen ) , is a French author of comics .
André Souris ( French : ( suʁi ) ; 10 July 1899 -- 12 February 1970 ) was a Belgian composer , conductor , musicologist , and writer associated with the surrealist movement .
Alexis Rosenbaum ( born 1969 , in Paris ) is a French essayist .
Domenico Leccisi born 20 May 1920 in Molfetta was an Italian politician best known for stealing the corpse of the fascist dictator Benito Mussolini from an unmarked grave in 1946 .
Khwaja Ahmad Abbas ( Hindi : ख़्वाजा अहमद अब्बास ) ( 7 June 1914 -- 1 June 1987 ) , popularly known as K. A. Abbas , was an Indian film director , novelist , screenwriter , and a journalist in the Urdu , Hindi and English languages .
Pierre Février ( 1696 - -1760 ) was a French baroque composer , organist and harpsichordist .
Joan de Sagarra i Devesa ( Paris , 6 January 1938 ) is a Catalan journalist and writer , son of the poet Josep Maria de Sagarra .
Fernándo Norzagaray y Escudero was a Spanish soldier and colonial governor .
Mogens Rukov ( 4 August 1943 -- 18 December 2015 ) was a Danish screenwriter and playwright .
Jean Broc ( 1771 - -1850 ) was a French Neo - Classical painter .
Henry Currie Leigh - Bennett ( 1852 - 7 March 1903 , Windlesham ) was a Conservative Member of Parliament for the English constituency of Chertsey from 1897 until his death in 1903 .
Imre Makovecz ( November 20 , 1935 -- September 27 , 2011 ) was a Hungarian architect active in Europe from the late 1950s onward .
Ahmed Adnan Saygun ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ahˈmed adˈnan sajˈɡun ) ; 7 September 1907 -- 6 January 1991 ) was a Turkish composer , musicologist and writer on music .
Jean Jouzel , ( born 5 March 1947 ) is a French glaciologist and climatologist .
George Goring , Lord Goring ( 14 July 1608 -- 1657 ) was an English Royalist soldier .
Avdo Humo ( 1 February 1914 -- 24 January 1983 ) was a Yugoslav and Bosnian communist politician , writer and an Order of the People 's Hero recipient .
André - Pierre Nouvion ( born 1939 ) is a French lawyer and historian of French law .
Xuan Bello Fernán ( born 1965 in Tineo , Asturias , Spain ) is a poet and one of the best - known contemporary Asturian writers .
Charles Henry Dessalines d'Orbigny was a French botanist and geologist specializing in the Tertiary of France .
Alessia Mosca ( born 23 May 1975 ) is an Italian politician who has been a Member of the European Parliament since 2014 .
Berta Collado ( Talavera de la Reina , Toledo , Spain , July 3 , 1979 ) is a Spanish TV presenter and journalist .
Esther Tusquets ( 30 August 1936 -- 23 July 2012 ) was a Spanish publisher , novelist and essayist .
Sir George Augustus Pilkington ( 7 October 1848 -- 28 January 1916 ) was an English doctor and Liberal politician .
Pep Blay ( Josep Blay Boqué , born 2 September 1966 in Tarragona , Spain ) is a Catalan writer , script writer and music journalist .
Raymond Cauchetier ( born January 10 , 1920 ) is a French photographer , known for his work as the set photographer from 1959 to 1968 on many of the seminal films of the French New Wave .
Zhu Shenghao ( Chinese : 朱生豪 ; pinyin : Zhū Shēngháo ) ( February 2 , 1912 - December 26 , 1944 ) was a Chinese translator .
Cherek River ( Russian : Черек ) is a river in Kabardino - Balkaria in Russia , a right tributary of the Baksan River ( Terek 's basin ) .
The Toce ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈtoːtʃe ; ˈtɔːtʃe ) ) is a river in Piedmont , Italy , which stretches the length of the Val d'Ossola from the Swiss border to Lake Maggiore into which it debouches near Fondotoce in the commune of Verbania .
Motala ström is the river system that drains lake Vättern , the second largest lake in Sweden , into the Baltic Sea in Norrköping .
The Nishnabotna River is a tributary of the Missouri River in southwestern Iowa , northwestern Missouri and southeastern Nebraska in the United States .
The Iton is a river in Normandy , France , left tributary of the river Eure .
Hess Hollow is an unofficially named tributary of Coles Creek in Columbia County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
The Gardner River ( also known as the Gardiner River ) is a tributary of the Yellowstone River , approximately 25 miles ( 40 km ) long , in northwestern Wyoming and south central Montana in the United States .
The River Seeve is a tributary of the Elbe in northern Germany .
The River Dodder ( Irish : An Dothra ) is one of the three main rivers in Dublin , Ireland , the others being the Liffey , of which the Dodder is the largest tributary , and the Tolka .
Lyari River ( Urdu : لیاری ندی ‎ ) is a small ephemeral stream that flows through the Pakistani megacity of Karachi from north east to the center and drains into the Arabian Sea at the Manora channel .
Llanquihue River flows in a south and westward and outflows in Panguipulli Lake .
The Bushman 's River ( Afrikaans : Boesmansrivier ) is an east to north - easterly flowing tributary of the Tugela River , in the KwaZulu - Natal province of South Africa .
The Bellamy River , in Strafford County , southeastern New Hampshire , is a tributary of the Piscataqua River about 15 miles ( 24 km ) long .
The Branch River rises on south west of the settlement of Crawford River , below Girvan , south southwest of Bulahdelah , and flows generally south and then southwest , joined by five minor tributaries , before reaching its confluence with the Karuah River north of Karuah .
The Toad River flows generally north and northeast , passing through Muncho Lake Provincial Park , to join the Liard River .
The Vyatka River ( Russian : Вя́тка ; IPA : ( ˈvʲatkə ) ; Tatar Cyrillic : Нократ , Latin : Noqrat ; Mari : Виче , Viče , Udmurt : Ватка , Vatka ) is a river in Kirov Oblast and the Republic of Tatarstan in Russia , a right tributary of the Kama River .
The Conestoga River , also referred to as Conestoga Creek , is a 61.6-mile - long ( 99.1 km ) tributary of the Susquehanna River flowing through the center of Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
The Bumping River is a tributary of the Naches River , in Washington in the United States .
The Casamance River flows westward for the most part into the Atlantic Ocean along a path about 200 miles ( 320 km ) in length .
The La Pêche River is a river in western Quebec , in Canada , which flows from La Pêche Lake ( Lac La Pêche ) , in Gatineau Park and empties into the Gatineau River at Wakefield .
Again at a right angle it empties the Thamalakane River and forms the Boteti River , which incurs seasonal desiccation in some lower reaches .
The Warrego River is northernmost tributary of the Darling River .
The Fuyuan River ( Chinese : 富源溪 ; pinyin : Fùyuán Xī ) is a tributary of the Xiuguluan River in Taiwan .
The Michipicoten River is a river in the Algoma District of northern Ontario , Canada , which flows from Dog Lake and joins with the Magpie River to empty into Michipicoten Bay on Lake Superior near the town of Wawa .
West Branch Run ( also known as West Branch Little Fishing Creek ) is a tributary of Little Fishing Creek in Lycoming County and Columbia County , in Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Paul Louis Courier ( French : ( kuʁje ) ; January 4 , 1772 -- April 10 , 1825 ) , French Hellenist and political writer , was born in Paris .
Mathias Malzieu ( born 1974 ) , the lead singer of the French band Dionysos , co - founded the group in 1993 when he lived in Valence in Drôme .
Théodore Steeg ( French pronunciation : ​(teodɔʁ stɛɡ ) ) ( 19 December 1868 -- 19 December 1950 ) was a lawyer and professor of philosophy who became Premier of the French Third Republic .
Martin Bangemann ( born 15 November 1934 in Wanzleben ) is a German politician and a former leader of the FDP ( 1985 - -1988 ) .
Blanche d'Antigny ( May 9 , 1840 -- June 30 , 1874 ) was a French singer and actress whose fame today rests chiefly on the fact that Émile Zola used her as the principal model for his novel Nana .
Hector Bianciotti ( French pronunciation : ​(ɛktɔʁ bjɑ̃ʃoti ) ; 18 March 1930 -- 12 June 2012 ) was an Argentine - born French author and member of the Académie française .
Pierre - Édouard Lémontey ( 14 January 1762 , Lyon -- 26 June 1826 , Paris ) was a French lawyer , politician , scholar and historian .
Jean Laroche ( 1921 - -2010 ) is a French poet born in Nantes .
Štěpán Kopřiva ( born in 1971 ) is a Czech comics person , science fiction writer , and screenwriter .
Alain Danilet ( 3 June 1947 in Noyon ( Oise ) - 8 February 2012 in Villevieille ( Gard ) was a French politician .
Dietrich Wersich ( born 1964 ) is a German politician of the German Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) , and physician .
Carole Bouquet ( born 18 August 1957 ) is a French actress and fashion model , who has appeared in more than 50 films since 1977 .
Juliette Drouet , born Julienne Josephine Gauvain ( 10 April 1806 - 11 May 1883 ) was a French actress .
Baron Jean - Conrad Hottinguer ( 15 February 1764 , Zurich -- 12 September 1841 , Castle Piple , Boissy - Saint - Léger ) was a Swiss - born banker who later became a Baron of the French empire .
Vital d'Audiguier ( Najac , 1565 - Paris , 1624 ) , was a French poet and writer .
Thomas Gray ( 26 December 1716 -- 30 July 1771 ) was an English poet , letter - writer , classical scholar and professor at Cambridge University .
Dámaso Alonso y Fernández de las Redondas ( 22 October 1898 -- 25 January 1990 ) was a Spanish poet , philologist and literary critic .
Jean - Michel Ribes ( born 15 December 1946 in Paris ) is a French actor , playwright , screenwriter , theatre director and film maker .
Hiroshi Yoshino ( Japanese : 吉野弘 ; 1926 -- 15 January 2014 ) was a Japanese poet .
Yanette Delétang - Tardif ( Roubaix , 18 June 1902 -- Paris , 1976 ) was a French poetess , translator into French of Spanish and German works , painter and illustrator .
Bernard Cerquiglini ( born 8 April 1947 in Lyon , France ) , is a French linguist .
Peter van der Veer is a Dutch anthropologist who has made important scholarly contributions by challenging earlier perceptions regarding Indian religion and society .
Pierre Fresnay ( 4 April 1897 , Paris , France -- 9 January 1975 ) was a French stage and film actor .
Cui Jian ( ( tsʰwéɪ tɕjɛ̂n ) ; born 2 August 1961 ) is a Beijing - based Chinese singer - songwriter , trumpeter and guitarist .
Guillaume - Antoine Delfaud ( 1733 - -1792 ) was a French Jesuit .
Philippe - Auguste Jeanron ( 10 May 1809 -- 8 April 1877 ) was a French painter , curator and writer .
Damien Luce ( born 1978 ) is a French pianist , actor , and writer .
Jean Charles - Brun was an Occitan French proponent of autonomy of France 's regions and then founded the French Regionalist Federation in 1901 .
Capucine ( 6 January 1928 -- 17 March 1990 ) was a French fashion model and actress known for her comedic roles in The Pink Panther ( 1963 ) and What 's New Pussycat ? ( 1965 ) .
Michel Jonasz ( born 21 January 1947 in Drancy , France ) is a French composer - songwriter , singer and actor .
Eva Gräfin Finck von Finckenstein , née Schubring ( 3 December 1903 , in Berlin -- 13 March 1994 ) was a German politician , representative of the German Christian Democratic Union .
Roxane Duran ( born 27 January 1993 ) is a French - Austrian actress .
Claire Duhamel ( September 6 , 1925 -- February 7 , 2014 ) was a French film and stage actress , whose credits included Stolen Kisses in 1968 and Bed and Board in 1970 .
Bonaventura van Overbeek ( 1660 - -1705 ) was a Dutch Golden Age draughtsman and engraver .
Jean de Tinan , a.k.a . Jean Le Barbier de Tinan , ( 1874 - -1898 ) was a French writer .
Jeanne Sylvanie Arnould - Plessy ( 4 September 1819 -- 30 May 1897 ) was a French stage actress .
Octavian Goga ( Romanian pronunciation : ( oktaviˈan ˈɡoɡa ) ; 1 April 1881 -- 7 May 1938 ) was a Romanian politician , poet , playwright , journalist , and translator .
Laura Antonelli ( born Laura Antonaz ; 28 November 1941 -- 22 June 2015 ) was an Italian film actress , who appeared in 45 films between 1965 and 1991 .
Giunta Pisano ( also named Giunta da Pisa or Giunta Capitini ) was an Italian painter .
Quentin Elias ( 10 May 1974 -- 25 February 2014 ) was a French singer , actor and model .
Françoise Vatel ( born Françoise Watel , 28 November 1937 , Clichy , Hauts - de - Seine -- 24 October 2005 in Soissons ) , was a French actress .
Yann Gaillard ( born 9 October 1936 in ) is a French politician and he has been a member of the Senate of France .
Moussa Ali Abdoulkader ( January 1 , 1923 in Djibouti -- September 26 , 1986 in Paris ) was a politician from Djibouti who served in the French National Assembly from 1967 - 1973 .
Georges Brassens ( French : ( ʒɔʁʒ bʁasɛ̃s ) ; 22 October 1921 -- 29 October 1981 ) was a French singer - songwriter and poet .
Madeleine Vernet ( 3 September 1878 -- 5 October 1949 ) was a French teacher , writer , libertarian and pacifist .
François Bégaudeau ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɑ̃swa beɡodo ) ; born 27 April 1971 ) is a French writer , journalist and actor .
Jean - Claude Dreyfus ( born 18 February 1946 in Paris ) is a French actor , comedian and author .
Martine Pascal ( born 1939 ) is a French theatre , cinema , and television actress .
Corinne Narassiguin ( born March 7 , 1975 , in Saint Paul , Réunion ) is a French politician and former member of the National Assembly of France .
Yun Heunggil ( born 14 December 1942 ) is a South Korean novelist known for his treatment of conflicts between the individual and society .
Xavier Bertrand ( French pronunciation : ​(ɡzavje bɛʁˈtʁɑ̃ ) ; born 21 March 1965 ) is a French politician .
André Dhôtel ( Attigny , Ardennes 1900 -- Paris 1991 ) was a French writer , novelist , storyteller , and poet .
Frédéric Lefebvre ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁedeʁic ləˈfɛvʁ ) ; born October 14 , 1963 ) is a French politician and was Secretary of State for Trade , Small and Medium Enterprises , Tourism , Services , Liberal professions and Consumption under the Minister of Economy , Finance and Industry , François Baroin .
Willem Albert Wagenaar ( 30 June 1941 in Utrecht -- 27 April 2011 ) was a Dutch psychologist noted for his work on the reliability of memory .
Educated with diplomas in psychology and philosophy , Aimé Michel joined the French Radio Broadcasting in 1944 .
Gérard Rinaldi ( February 17 , 1943 -- March 2 , 2012 ) was a French actor , a voice actor and a singer with Les Charlots .
Pierre Moinot ( 29 March 1920 , Fressines , Deux - Sèvres -- 6 March 2007 , Paris ) was a French novelist .
Jacques Maurice Hatry ( Strasbourg , 12 February 1742 - Paris , 30 November 1802 ) was a French general .
Jérôme Kircher ( born 21 November 1964 ) is a French actor known for A Very Long Engagement ( 2004 ) , Louise Wimmer ( 2011 ) and Café de Flore ( 2011 ) .
Floor Jansen ( pronounced ( ˈfloːr ˈjɑnsə(n ) ) ; born 21 February 1981 in Goirle ) is a Dutch singer - songwriter and vocal coach .
Martin - Michel - Charles Gaudin , 1st Duc de Gaete ( 19 January 1756 -- 5 November 1841 ) was a French statesman , Napoleon I Bonaparte 's Minister of Finances from November 1799 to March 1814 , including the Cent Jours following Napoleon 's return from Elba .
Serge Lamothe ( born February 15 , 1963 ) is a French - Canadian writer .
Catherine Millot ( born 1944 ) is a French Lacanian psychoanalyst and author , professor of psychoanalysis at the University of Paris - VIII . Millot studied philosophy before turning to psychoanalysis .
Wolfgang Nešković ( born June 3 , 1948 in Lübeck ) is a German politician , former judge at the German Federal Court of Justice and an independent member of the German Federal Parliament , representing Cottbus --
Pierre Magne ( 3 December 1806 -- 17 February 1879 ) was a lawyer and French politician .
Baron Jacques - Antoine - Adrien Delort ( 16 November 1773 -- 28 March 1846 ) was a French general and deputy .
Benoît Fourneyron ( October 31 , 1802 -- July 31 , 1867 ) was a French engineer , born in Saint - Étienne , Loire .
Pascal Bruckner ( French : ( bʁyknɛʁ ) ; born 15 December 1948 in Paris ) is a French writer , one of the `` New Philosophers '' who came to prominence in the 1970s and 1980s .
Marc Lescarbot ( c. 1570 - -1641 ) was a French author , poet and lawyer .
Antonín Holý ( 1 September 1936 -- 16 July 2012 ) was a pioneering Czech scientist .
Doris Pack ( born 18 March 1942 , Schiffweiler ) is a German politician , President of EPP Women and former Member of the European Parliament 1989 - 2014 .
Léontine Zanta ( 14 February 1872 -- 15 June 1942 ) was a French philosopher , feminist and novelist .
Mathieu Madénian ( born July 23 , 1976 ) is a French comedian , actor and columnist .
Winy Maas ( born 1958 in Schijndel ) is a Dutch architect , landscape architect , professor and urbanist .
Jacques Perrin ( born Jacques André Simonet ; 13 July 1941 ) is a French actor and filmmaker .
Victor Noir , ( 27 July 1848 in Attigny , Vosges -- 11 January 1870 in Paris ) , was a French journalist who is famous for the manner of his death and its political consequences .
Vilis Lācis ( May 12 , 1904 -- February 6 , 1966 ) was a Latvian writer and communist politician .
Caroline Huppert ( born 28 October 1950 ) is a French film director and screenwriter .
Pierre Billaud ( 21 May 1970 -- 11 November 2001 ) was a French radio reporter and journalist .
Ignaz Kiechle ( 23 February 1930 in Kempten i m Allgäu , Bavaria -- 2 December 2003 Reinharts near Kempten ) was a German politician of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Rachid Arhab ( born 26 June 1955 in Larbaâ Nath Irathen in Algeria ) is a French journalist , current member of the Conseil supérieur de l'audiovisuel ( CSA ) .
Renate Sommer ( born 10 September 1958 , Bochum ) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for North Rhine - Westphalia .
Pascal Pia ( 15 August 1903 , Paris -- 27 September 1979 , Paris ) , born Pierre Durand , was a French writer , journalist , illustrator and scholar .
Björn Engholm ( born 9 November 1939 ) is a Lübeck born German SPD politician .
Annemarie Renger ( née Wildung ) , ( 7 October 1919 in Leipzig -- 3 March 2008 in Remagen - Oberwinter ) , was a German politician for the `` Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands '' ( Social Democratic Party of Germany - SPD ) .
Dr. Joseph - Ignace Guillotin ( French pronunciation : ​(ɡijɔtɛ̃ ) ; 28 May 1738 -- 26 March 1814 ) was a French physician and freemason who proposed on 10 October 1789 the use of a device to carry out death penalties in France , as a less painful method of execution .
Richer of Senones ( sometimes in French : Richer le Lorrain ) ( circa 1190 - -1266 ) was a monk and chronicler of Senones Abbey in Lorraine , a traveller and one of the very few chroniclers or historians of the Vosges whose works have survived complete .
Pierre Repp ( 5 November 1909 in Saint - Pol - sur - Ternoise , France -- 1 November 1986 in Plessis - Trévise , France ) was a French humorist and actor .
Thierry Cornillet ( born 23 July 1951 in Montélimar , Drôme ) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the south - east of France .
Claude Esteban ( 26 July 1935 , Paris -- 10 April 2006 , Paris ) was a French poet .
Dionysis Savvopoulos ( Greek : Διονύσης Σαββόπουλος ) ( born 2 December 1944 ) is a prominent Greek singer - songwriter .
Jean Henri Latude ( 23 March 1725 -- 1 January 1805 ) , often called Danry or Masers de Latude , was a French writer famous for his lengthy confinement in the Bastille , at Vincennes , and for his repeated escapes from those prisons .
Edmond Jaloux ( 19 June 1878 , Marseille -- 22 August 1949 , Lutry ) was a French novelist , essayist , and critic .
Maxime Bono ( born 1 November 1947 in Algiers , Algeria ) is a French politician and a member of the Socialist party .
François Jules Edmond Got ( 1 October 1822 , Lignerolles , Orne -- 21 March 1901 , Passy , a district in Paris ) , was a French stage actor , comedian , and opera librettist .
Antoine - Éléonor - Léon Leclerc de Juigné ( 2 November 1728 , Paris -- 19 March 1811 , Paris ) was the Archbishop of Paris during the French Revolution .
Jan Geurt Gaarlandt ( born October 9 , 1946 ) is a Dutch journalist , poet , translator , editor and novelist .
Dominique Mainard is a French translator of English novels , short story writer and novelist .
Toyo Shibata ( June 26 , 1911 -- January 20 , 2013 ) was a bestselling Japanese poet ; her first anthology Kujikenaide ( `` Do n't lose heart '' ) , published in 2009 , has sold 1.58 million copies .
Jacques Marin ( 9 September 1919 -- 10 January 2001 ) was a French actor on film and television .
Claude Moine ( born 3 July 1942 ) , better known by his stage name Eddy Mitchell , is a French singer and actor .
Jürgen Creutzmann ( born 4 October 1945 in Speyer , Germany ) is a German politician and member of the liberal Free Democratic Party of Germany ( FDP ) .
Robert Dun , whose real name is Maurice Martin ( 1920 - 8 March 2002 ) was a French self - taught writer , supporter of european nationalism and neo - paganism .
Lutz Heilmann ( born September 7 , 1966 in Zittau , GDR ) is a German politician of the left - wing party Die Linke .
Michel Baron ( 8 October 1653 -- 22 December 1729 ) was a French actor and playwright .
Roger Monclin ( 31 January 1903 -- 26 July 1985 ) was a French militant pacifist and anarchist .
Ludovico Antonio Muratori ( 21 October 1672 -- 23 January 1750 ) was an Italian historian , notable as a leading scholar of his age , and for his discovery of the Muratorian fragment , the earliest known list of New Testament books .
Karl - Hans Kern ( 3 October 1932 -- 21 May 2014 ) was a German politician ( SPD ) and member of the Bundestag from 1967 until 1976 .
Otto Friedrich Wilhelm Freiherr von der Wenge Graf Lambsdorff , known as Otto Graf Lambsdorff , ( 20 December 1926 -- 5 December 2009 ) was a German politician of the Free Democratic Party .
Albert Likuvalu ( born November 14 , 1943 ) is a French politician , former member of the National Assembly of France .
Björn Höcke ( born 1 April 1972 in Lünen ) is a German politician for the right - wing - populist party Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) .
Charles Spinasse ( 22 October 1893 in Égletons , Corrèze -- 9 August 1979 in Rosiers - d'Égletons ) was a French politician .
Claude Clerselier ( 1614 , Paris -- 1684 , Paris ) was a French editor .
Philippe François Nazaire Fabre d'Églantine ( 28 July 1750 -- 5 April 1794 ) , commonly known as Fabre d'Églantine ( French pronunciation : ​(fabʁ deɡlɑ̃tin ) ) , was a French actor , dramatist , poet , and politician of the French Revolution .
Stella Baruk ( born 1930 ) is an influential Iranian - born French teacher , mathematician , author and educationalist .
Clair Tisseur ( 27 January 1827 , Sainte - Foy - lès - Lyon , Rhône -- 30 September 1896 , Nyons , Drôme ) , was a French architect whose best known work is Église du Bon - Pasteur , a prominent Romanesque Revival church in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon .
Jean - Jacques Gautier ( 4 November 1908 , Essômes - sur - Marne , Aisne -- 20 April 1986 ) was French theatre critic , novelist and essayist .
Lindsey Davis ( born 1949 ) is an English historical novelist , best known as the author of the Falco series of historical crime stories set in ancient Rome and its empire .
Jacques Delille ( French : ( dəlil ) ; 22 June 1738 -- 1 May 1813 ) was a French poet , freemason and translator .
Aurore Clément ( born 12 October 1945 ) is a French actress who has appeared in French language and English language motion pictures and television productions .
Marc Rivière is a French director , actor and screenwriter .
Gaston Monmousseau ( 17 January 1883 -- 11 July 1960 ) was a French railway worker , trade union leader , politician and author , from a rural working - class background .
Marie Rivière ( French pronunciation : ​(maʁi ʁivjɛʁ ) ; born 22 December 1956 ) is a French actress and filmmaker .
Gérard Barray ( born 2 November 1931 in Toulouse ) is a French comedian and film and television actor .
Georges Antoine Chabot ( 1758 - -1819 ) , known as Chabot de Lallier , was a French jurist and statesman .
Lucien - Anatole Prévost - Paradol ( 8 August 1829 , Paris -- 20 July 1870 , Washington , D.C. ) was a French journalist and essayist .
Corinne Marchand ( born 4 December 1937 in Paris ) is a French actress .
Adrien Duport ( 6 February 1759 -- 6 July 1798 ) was a French politician , and lawyer .
Claude Évin ( born 29 June 1949 ) is a French politician and lawyer .
Christophe Honoré ( born 10 April 1970 ) is a French writer and film director .
Kad Merad ( born Kaddour Merad ; 27 March 1964 ) is a French - Algerian filmmaker and actor who has acted both on stage and on screen .
Dany Saval ( born Danielle Nadine Suzanne Savalle on January 5 , 1942 , in Paris , France ) is a former French actress .
Pierre Joxe ( born 28 November 1934 in Paris ) is a former French Socialist politician and has been a member of the Constitutional Council of France since 2001 .
Jean - Philippe Jaworski ( born 1969 ) is a French author of fantasy literature and role - playing games .
Thomas Händel ( born 27 August 1953 in Nuremberg ) is a German politician and trade unionist who has served as an MEP for the Left party since 2009 .
Park Nam - su ( Hangul : 박남수 ) was a South Korean poet .
René Marx Dormoy ( 1 August 1888 - -26 July 1941 ) was a French socialist politician , noted for his opposition to the far right .
Louisy Mathieu ( June 17 , 1817 in Basse - Terre ( Guadeloupe ) -- November 4 , 1874 in Basse - Terre ) ) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1848 - 1849 .
Franz Blücher ( 24 March 1896 -- 26 March 1959 ) was a German politician and member of the German Parliament ( Bundestag ) .
Michel Crépeau ( 30 October 1930 , Fontenay - le - Comte , Vendée -- 30 March 1999 , Paris ) was a French centre - left politician .
Ben - Ousséni Mansour , alias Manou Mansour ( Mamoudzou , Mayotte , February 24 , 1980 ) is a French poet .
Philippe Douste - Blazy ( born 1 January 1953 ) is a United Nations official and former French centre - right politician .
Joseph Laniel ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɔzɛf lanjɛl ) ; 12 October 1889 , Vimoutiers , Orne -- 8 April 1975 , Paris ) was a French conservative politician of the Fourth Republic , who served as Prime Minister for a year from 1953 to 1954 .
Antoine Christophe Saliceti ( baptised in the name of Antonio Cristoforo Saliceti : Antoniu Cristufaru Saliceti in Corsican ; 26 August 1757 -- 23 December 1809 ) was a French politician and diplomat of the Revolution and First Empire .
Jean Marquès - Rivière ( 1903 - -2000 ) was a French journalist , writer and screenwriter .
Jean Joseph Mounier ( 12 November 1758 -- 28 January 1806 ) was a French politician and judge .
Claude Charles Marie du Campe de Rosamel ( 24 June 1774 -- 27 March 1848 ) was a French politician and naval officer .
Étienne Jodelle , seigneur de Limodin ( 1532 -- July 1573 ) , French dramatist and poet , was born in Paris of a noble family .
Edgar Le Bastard was a French industrialist and politician in the nineteenth century .
Hamide Akbayir ( born 10 May 1959 in Frac , Tunceli Province , Turkey ) is a German politician and member of the Left North Rhine - Westphalia , a state chapter of the Left Party of Germany .
Jean - Pierre Worms ( born 16 July 1934 in Courbevoie , Hauts - de - Seine ) , is a sociologist , a former French parliamentarian , and is active in the associative sector .
Roger Lise ( born July 26 , 1927 in Martinique ) is a politician from Martinique who was elected to the French Senate in 1977
Willi Eichler ( January 7 , 1896 -- October 17 , 1971 ) was a German journalist and politician with the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
Alexandre Mercereau , Paris , 22 October 1884 -- 1945 , was a French symbolist poet and critic associated with Unanimism and the Abbaye de Créteil .
Ernest Granger ( 20 April 1844 -- 21 May 1914 ) was a French politician , a veteran of the Paris Commune of 1871 , a Blanquist socialist and subsequently a Boulangist nationalist .
Valérie Lemercier ( French pronunciation : ​(va.le.ʁi lə.mɛʁ.sje ) ; born 9 March 1964 ) is a French actress , screenwriter , director and singer .
Daniel Russo ( born 13 May 1948 ) is a French film actor , comedian and director .
Valery Rozov ( Nizhny Novgorod , December 26 , 1964- ) is a Russian BASE jumper , who on May 5 , 2013 , jumped off Changtse ( the north peak of the Mount Everest massif ) from a height of 7,220 metres ( 23,690 ft ) .
Francis de Miomandre ( born 22 May 1880 -- 1959 ) was a French novelist and well - known translator from Spanish into French .
Guy Sorman ( born March 10 , 1944 , Paris , France ) is a French professor , columnist , author , and public intellectual in economics and philosophy .
Bruno Nicolini ( born 16 June 1969 ) , better known by his stage name Bénabar , is a French songwriter and singer , who could be compared to Vincent Delerm and other singers from his generation .
Robert Desnos ( French : ( dɛsnɔs ) ; 4 July 1900 -- 8 June 1945 ) , was a French surrealist poet who played a key role in the Surrealist movement of his day .
Pierre de Chevigné ( 16 June 1909 , Toulon -- 4 April 2004 ) was a French politician , who was the Minister of Defence in the Fourth Republic between 14 May and 1 June 1958 .
Jean Louis Barthou ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɑ̃ lwi baʁtu ) ; 25 August 1862 -- 9 October 1934 ) was a French politician of the Third Republic who served as Prime Minister of France for eight months in 1913 .
Barry Levey ( August 7 , 1930 -- February 5 , 2004 ) was a Republican politician and a former member of the Ohio General Assembly .
Dinesh Krishnan is an Indian cinematographer He graduated from the prestigious M.G.R. Film and Television Institute , Taramani , Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
Hsu Chun - yat or Jack Hsu ( Chinese : 許俊逸 ; pinyin : Xǔ Jùnyì ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Dan van Husen ( born April 30 , 1945 ) is a German actor who has also performed in Hollywood films .
Z'EV ( born Stefan Joel Weisser , February 8 , 1951 ) is an American poet , percussionist , and sound artist .
Juha Kylmänen ( born 1981 ) is a Finnish vocalist of gothic metal bands For My Pain ... and Reflexion .
Tom Matlack is an American entrepreneur , venture capitalist and author .
Siddhartha Sarma ( Assamese : সিদ্ধাৰ্থ শৰ্মা ) is an Indian English novelist and journalist from Assam .
Johnny Schuler is an author , chef and restaurateur , distiller and television personality from Lima , Peru .
Martin Liivamägi ( born July 5 , 1988 ) is an Estonian swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events .
William Thomas Lambie ( 1837 - -1900 ) was a civil engineer who worked on construction projects throughout the American Southwest in the 19th Century and was a member of the Los Angeles , California , Common Council , the governing body of that city .
Goetz Oertel ( born August 24 , 1934 ) is an American physicist and science manager .
Edmund Bergler ( /ˈbɛrɡlər/ ; German : ( ˈbɛɐ̯glɐ ) ; 1899 - -1962 ) was an Austrian - born American psychoanalyst whose books covered such topics as childhood development , mid - life crises , loveless marriages , gambling , and self - defeating behaviors .
Bryan Suits is an American war veteran of three military conflicts in Kuwait , Bosnia , and Iraq , and has been a talk radio host for more than 10 years and active in the Tea Party .
Krista Detor is a singer - songwriter and pianist from Indiana whose music has been featured on NPR and with Mike Harding on the BBC .
Andrea England is a Canadian singer - songwriter from Nova Scotia , now based in Toronto , Ontario .
Jerome B. Posner is an American neurologist and co - author of Plum and Posner 's Diagnosis of Stupor and Coma . Dr .
Antonio José Martínez ( January 17 , 1793 -- July 27 , 1867 ) was a New Mexican priest , educator , publisher , rancher , farmer , community leader , and politician .
Jennifer Egan ( born September 7 , 1962 ) is an American novelist and short story writer who lives in Fort Greene , Brooklyn .
Stefan Kiesbye is a German novelist and poet .
I Made Subandi ( born February 1966 , Batubulan ) is a gamelan composer and performer from Gianyar , Bali .
Moissaye Boguslawski ( November 1 , 1887 -- August 30 , 1944 ) was an American pianist , composer , editor and teacher .
Ben Montague is a British musician , singer - songwriter and multi instrumentalist from Farnborough , Kent .
Irina Borogan ( Russian : Ирина Петровна Бороган , born in Moscow , Russia ) is a Russian investigative journalist .
Herman Maxwell Batten ( August 4 , 1909 -- October 17 , 1991 ) was a Canadian politician , school principal and teacher .
Bobby Vernon ( born Sylvion de Jardin on March 9 , 1897 in Chicago , Illinois -- June 28 , 1939 in Hollywood , California ) was an American comedic actor in silent films .
Jonne Valtonen ( born March 23 , 1976 ) is a Finnish composer , arranger and orchestrator .
Mikhail Gennadiyevich Dmitriyev ( Russian : Михаил Геннадьевич Дмитриев ) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician .
Chun Lee - kyung ( Hangul : 전이경 , Hanja : 全利卿 ; born January 6 , 1976 in Okcheon , Chungcheongbuk - do ) is a retired South Korean short track speed skater .
Don Dubbins , originally Donald George Dubbins ( June 28 , 1928 - August 17 , 1991 ) , was an American actor of film and television who in his early career usually played younger military roles , particularly in such classic pictures as From Here to Eternity ( 1953 ) and The Caine Mutiny ( 1954 ) .
Kelli White ( born April 1 , 1977 , in Oakland , California ) is an American former sprinter .
Lucinda Childs ( born June 26 , 1940 ) is an American postmodern dancer / choreographer and actress .
Andy Prieboy ( born April 17 , 1955 ) is an American musician , songwriter , and author .
Richard Henry Hall ( November 7 , 1830 -- September 7 , 1909 ) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Taunton , Massachusetts .
Patrick Wilde is an English playwright and screenwriter for both television and film .
Geoffrey Mauncell ( fl . 1399 ) of Salisbury , Wiltshire , was an English goldsmith and politician .
From 1980 on Marcel van den Broecke studied historical maps and specialized in the life and work of the cartographer Abraham Ortelius ( 1527 - -1598 ) .
Tony Cummings is the founding editor of the magazine Cross Rhythms .
Gwen Arner is an American television director and actress .
Ralph Loring was an architect of Lewiston , Idaho .
Claire Weaver is a British screenwriter , journalist and short story writer , and a former Magazine Editor and book award judge .
Richard Prior is an English conductor , composer and professor of music .
Ivar Stakgold ( born December 13 , 1925 ) is a Norwegian - born American academic mathematician and bridge player from Newark , Delaware .
Jimmy Clanton ( born September 2 , 1938 , Baton Rouge , Louisiana , United States ) is an American singer who became known as the `` swamp pop R&B teenage idol '' .
Hazel Rose Markus is a prominent social psychologist and a pioneer in the field of cultural psychology .
Maksim Zuyev ( Russian : Макси́м Зу́ев ; born November 11 , 1975 in Kaliningrad -- died March 18 , 2010 ) was an award - winning journalist and blogger who spent his entire life in Kaliningrad promoting human rights .
As well as being a politician , Miran Mohammad Shah was a prominent Sindhi literary personality .
Bartolomeo degli Organi ( 24 December 1474 -- 12 December 1539 ) was an Italian composer , singer and organist of the Renaissance .
Owen Rand Kenan , ( March 4 , 1804 -- March 3 , 1887 ) was a North Carolina politician .
Al Seeger ( born January 23 , 1980 ) , nicknamed `` The Quiet Storm '' , is a boxer from the United States .
Ned Scott ( April 16 , 1907 -- November 24 , 1964 ) was an American photographer who worked in the Hollywood film industry as a still photographer from 1935 - 1948 .
Allison Melnick ( born June 4 , 1971 ) is an American socialite , bar owner , and reality TV star originally from Long Island , New York .
Chung Il - kwon ( Korean : 정일권 ; Hanja : 丁一權 , November 21 , 1917 -- January 17 , 1994 ) was a South Korean politician , diplomat and soldier .
Mamang Dai ( Assamese : মামাং দাই ) is an Indian journalist , author , poet , and former civil servant based in Itanagar , Arunachal Pradesh .
Paul Meany ( born July 2 , 1976 ) is the lead singer and keyboardist for the indie band Mutemath .
Grace Parra ( born June 27 , 1984 ) is an American screenwriter , presenter , and actress who is a contributor on The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore .
Dave Gillespie was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League .
János Kintzig was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Agriculture in the Counter - revolutionary Government of Arad and Szeged during the Hungarian Soviet Republic .
Dinah Silveira Ribeiro , better known as Diná Silveira de Queirós ( November 9 , 1911 in São Paulo -- November 27 , 1982 in Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian writer of novels , short stories , and chronicles .
Carl Zimmermann ( born February 24 , 1951 ) is a Democratic politician and a former member of the Florida House of Representatives , representing the 65th District for a single term , 2012 - -2014 .
Sanjeeb Choudhury ( December 25 , 1964 -- November 19 , 2007 ) was a Bangladeshi singer , lyricist , and journalist .
Shimit Amin is an Indian film director and editor .
Sharad Vesawkar ( Nepali : शरद भेषावकर ) ( born 6 October 1988 ) is a Nepalese cricketer .
Bryan Johanson ( born 1951 ) is an American classical guitarist & composer .
Max Reichmann ( 1884 - 1958 ) was a German film director active during the silent and early sound eras .
Megan Terry ( born July 22 , 1932 ) is an American playwright , screenwriter , and theatre artist having produced more than 50 discrete works for theatre , radio , and television .
Alkinoos Ioannidis ( Greek : Αλκίνοος Ιωαννίδης ; born September 19 , 1969 ) is a Greek - Cypriot composer , lyricist , singer , and orchestrator .
Susan Mitchell ( born in 1944 ) is an American poet , essayist and translator who wrote the poetry collections Rapture and Erotikon .
Bill Deck ( September 28 , 1915 -- February 22 , 2011 ) was an American baseball player who played for the Negro National League 's Philadelphia Stars in 1939 .
Ulla Wessels ( born 1965 ) is a German analytic philosopher working in practical philosophy , particularly ethics .
Nicole Bass - Fuchs ( born August 10 , 1964 ) is an American bodybuilder , actress , professional wrestler and valet previously working for companies such as Extreme Championship Wrestling , World Wrestling Federation , XPW , and the National Wrestling Alliance .
David Schiff ( born August 30 , 1945 in New York City ) is an American composer , writer and conductor whose music draws on elements of jazz , rock , and klezmer styles , showing the influence of composers as diverse as Stravinsky , Mahler , Charles Mingus , Eric Dolphy and Terry Riley .
Gershon Benjamin ( January 6 , 1899 -- September 2 , 1985 ) was an American modern painter .
Cozi Zuehlsdorff ( born August 3 , 1998 ) is an American actress and singer known for her role as Hazel Haskett in the movie Dolphin Tale ( 2011 ) and the sequel , Dolphin Tale 2 ( 2014 ) .
Dave Calloway ( born October 7 , 1968 in Woodbury , New Jersey ) is an American college basketball coach and the former head men 's basketball coach at Monmouth University .
Kim Sok - pom , also spelled Kim Suok - puom ( born October 2 , 1925 ) is a Zainichi Korean novelist who writes in Japanese .
Sophie Rodriguez ( born July 7 , 1988 ) is a French snowboarder who won a bronze medal in halfpipe at 2013 FIS Snowboarding World Championships , behind Arielle Gold and Holly Crawford .
Loretta Napoleoni ( born 1955 ) is an Italian journalist and political analyst .
Simon Sweeney is an English author and lecturer in international political economy and business based at the University of York .
Evrard Wendenbaum ( born March 13 , 1979 ) is a French outdoor photographer , filmmaker , geologist and explorer .
Gary S. Scott is an American film composer who has contributed music to over forty movies , TV shows , and television movies , beginning with the 1981 horror movie Final Exam .
Francesco Capuano Di Manfredonia ( flourished 15th century ) was an Italian astronomer .
Russell J. Flanagan ( May 21 , 1974 -- February 5 , 2008 ) , better known as Russ Flanagan , was a journalist for The Express - Times in Easton , Pennsylvania and The New Jersey Herald in Newton , New Jersey .
Judith Ann Mayotte ( born January 25 , 1937 ) is an American humanitarian , author , theologian , producer , former Catholic Religious Sister , ethicist , and university professor .
Hamza Jeetooa is a British actor and film - maker .
Lowell Blair Nesbitt ( October 4 , 1933 - July 8 , 1993 ) was a painter , draughtsman , printmaker and sculptor .
Janette Beckman is an English documentary photographer born in London and living and working in New York .
August Gebert was born in Mecklenburg , Germany and was a joiner by profession .
Harrison Chad ( born July 17 , 1992 in Plainview , New York , U.S. ) is an American actor and voice actor .
Gabriel Crouch is a British baritone , choral conductor and record producer .
Jill Enfield ( born August 8 , 1954 in Miami Beach , Florida ) is a photographer and hand coloring artist best known for her work in alternative photographic processes such as Cyanotype and Collodion process .
Václav Vokolek ( born January 1 , 1947 in Děčín ) is a Czech writer and painter .
Jeff LeBlanc , ( born February 9 , 1986 ) is an independent American singer and songwriter .
Boris Buzančić ( March 13 , 1929 - October 9 , 2014 ) was a Croatian actor and politician .
Felix Weber ( born December 1 , 1960 in Hassfurt , Bavaria ) is a German composer , songwriter and record producer .
Jay Alders is an American fine artist , photographer and graphic designer .
Shlomo Zalman Schneersohn ( 1830 -- 1900 ) was a Ukrainian Habad Hasidic rabbi who was the second leader of Kopust Hasidism from 1866 to his death in 1900 .
Emigdio Flores Calpiñeiro ( born July 30 , 1950 , Cobija ) is a Bolivian politician and sociologist , educated at the French Paul Valéry University .
Saul Zaentz ( /ˈzænts/ ; February 28 , 1921 -- January 3 , 2014 ) was an American film producer and record company executive .
Nelly Bodenheim or Johanna Cornelia Hermana Bodenheim ( May 27 , 1874 -- January 7 , 1951 ) was a Dutch illustrator known for her silhouettes .
Brian Keith Tochihara ( born May 2 , 1963 ) , better known by his professional name Brian Tochi , is an American actor , screenwriter , film director , and producer .
C.D. Stuart , known under her stage name Madame Stuart ( fl . 1772 ) , was a ballet dancer , acrobat , tightrope - walker , singer , musician , actress , dance teacher , composer and beer brewer .
Chris Pureka is an American acoustic singer - songwriter from Northampton , Massachusetts .
John Scagliotti is an Emmy Award - winning American film director and producer , and radio broadcaster .
Julita Ross ( March 21 , 1919 -- June 29 , 1981 ) was a singer of Puerto Rican danzas , also known as `` The Great Lady of the Danzas '' .
Leo Maslíah is a Uruguayan musician , humorist and writer .
Paola Zizzi is an Italian theoretical physicist who is most notable for her work in the field of loop quantum gravity , which regards the universe as a kind of super computer .
Jonathan Everett Sargent ( October 23 , 1816-January 6 , 1890 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the Speaker of the New Hampshire House of Representatives , as the President of the New Hampshire Senate and as the Chief Justice of the New Hampshire Superior Court of Judicature .
In the last ten years , Bruce Parramore has been working as a film director with advertising films , music videos , short films , TV series and features As of 2013 he has directed around 300 commercials and won several international awards .
Tony Lambert is a former British diplomat to Beijing , China and Tokyo , Japan and author of several significant books regarding Christianity in China .
Benny Moss ( born April 18 , 1970 ) is an American former basketball player and the former men 's basketball coach at UNC Wilmington .
Salim Saifullah Khan ( Urdu : سلیم سیف اللہ خان ) is a Pakistani politician and President of a faction of the Pakistan Muslim League and a Senator of Pakistan and Chairman of Pakistan 's Senate Foreign Relations , Kashmir Affairs and Gilgit Baltistan Committee .
Bernard B. Brown ( July 24 , 1898 -- February 20 , 1981 ) was an American sound engineer and composer , who wrote the scores for many early animated cartoons produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions for distribution by Warner Bros. Pictures .
Chrétien François de Lamoignon de Bâville , also written as Chrétien François de Lamoignon de Basville ( 1735 - -1789 ) was a French statesman and magistrate .
Jean Sutherland was a writer , performer and photographer , who lived for most of her life in the village of Newburgh , in Fife , Scotland .
Erika Lauren Wasilewski , known on - air simply as Erika Lauren , is an American radio personality , singer - songwriter and former reality television personality .
Kostas Ouranis ( Greek : Κώστας Ουράνης , pen name of Κώστας Νιάρχος ; 1890 - -1953 ) was an acclaimed Greek poet , travel writer and journalist .
Walter Beasley is an American saxophonist , a professor of music at the Berklee College of Music , and founder of Affable Publishing and Affable Records .
Alexa Woodward is an American indie / folk singer and songwriter .
Darren LaCroix is a keynote speaker , author , comedian and founder of The Humor Institute , Inc. He is the 2001 World Champion of Public Speaking .
Lynn Schooler 's first book , The Blue Bear - A True Story of Friendship , Tragedy , and Survival ' tells the story of the author 's friendship with the Japanese wildlife photographer Michio Hoshino , who was killed by a grizzly in the Kurilskoya brown bear refuge on the Kamchatka peninsula on August 8 , 1996 .
Kendra Spotswood is an American soul singer and is considered to be one of the most underrated singers of the girl group era .
Archie Stout ( March 30 , 1886 -- March 10 , 1973 ) , A.S.C. was a second unit photographer whose career spanned from 1921 to 1954 .
Ieuan Lewis ( by 1511-?97 ) , of Gladestry , Radnorshire , was a Welsh politician .
Rasa Kaušiūtė ( born on March 29 , 1977 ) is a Lithuanian singer , composer , and vocal teacher ( works at Lithuanian Youth Center and prepares children for various song contests ) .
Maurice Tougas ( born February 19 , 1956 ) is a Canadian politician , who formerly represented the electoral district of Edmonton Meadowlark in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta .
Herbert Kraus ( January 2 , 1884 -- March 15 , 1965 ) was a German professor of public international law .
James Cruz is a Grammy Award winning audio mastering engineer and owner of Zeitgeist Sound Studios in Long Island City , New York .
Scott Weinger is an American actor , writer and producer , best known as the voice of the title character in Disney 's Aladdin .
Artie D. Valentine ( born August 25 , 1927 ) , was an American politician who was a Democratic member of the Nevada General Assembly .
Peter Som ( born in 1970 ) is a Chinese American fashion designer .
Elvis Stojko , MSC , MSM ( born March 22 , 1972 ) is a Canadian figure skater .
Tovma Artsruni ( Armenian : Թովմա Արծրունի ; also known in English - language historiography as Thomas Artsruni ; precise birth date and date of death unknown ) was a ninth - century to tenth - century Armenian historian and author of the History of the House of Artsrunik ( Armenian : Պատմություն Արծրունյաց Տան ) .
Ronnie Davies is a former England l darts player , from Byker , Newcastle upon Tyne Davies won the 1978 Winmau World Masters , beating Keith Harvey , Colin Baker and Cliff Lazarenko before beating Tony Brown in the final .
Leslie Bradley Cutler was an American politician who served in the Massachusetts Senate .
Athas Hrysoulakis ( born 5 January 1969 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Federico Celestini ( b. December 5 , 1964 ) is an Italian musicologist .
José Lezama Lima ( December 19 , 1910 -- August 9 , 1976 ) was a Cuban writer and poet who is considered one of the most influential figures in Latin American literature .
At the age of 19 Alda Garrido formed with her husband , actor Américo Garrido , the duo Dupla de Garridos , doing duets in São Paulo until 1920 .
Fabio Gadea Mantilla ( born November 9 , 1931 , Ocotal , Nueva Segovia ) is a Nicaraguan radio journalist , writer , and politician .
Rod Sheard is a British / Australian architect and Senior Principal at Populous .
Elisabeth Högström ( born 17 March 1951 ) is a Swedish curler , world champion and five times European champion .
Member of the Committee of 100 Zheng Cao Merola Endowment , begun in 2011 to create an annual scholarship for an Asia - Pacific singer and/or mezzo - soprano to attend the Merola Opera Program
George Wythe McCook ( November 21 , 1821 -- December 28 , 1877 ) was a lawyer , politician , and soldier from the state of Ohio in the United States .
Gary Hunley ( born May 22 , 1948 ) is a former child actor who appeared in American film and television from 1955 to 1962 .
Norman Maltby is an English former cricketer active from 1972 to 1974 who played for Northamptonshire ( Northants ) .
Aline Kominsky - Crumb ( born Aline Goldsmith ; August 1 , 1948 ) is an American underground comics artist .
José Carlos de Brito e Cunha , known as J. Carlos , ( July 18 , 1884 -- October 2 , 1950 ) was a cartoonist , illustrator and graphic designer .
Shawn Ku is a U.S. choreographer and motion picture director .
Jane Sherman ( June 14 , 1908 -- March 16 , 2010 ) was an American writer , performer , composer , and one - time dancer and member of the Rockettes the famed in - house dance troupe of Radio City Music Hall .
Norman Madhoo ( born April 9 , 1964 ) is a Guyanese darts player .
Walter Wischniewsky ( 1912 - -1995 ) was a German film editor who worked on over a hundred productions during his career .
David ben Yom Tov ibn Bilia was a Portuguese Jewish philosopher who lived in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries .
Michael G. Bellotti ( born March 21 , 1963 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is an American politician who is the current Sheriff of Norfolk County , Massachusetts and a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from Quincy .
Elliott Fitch Shepard ( July 25 , 1833 -- March 24 , 1893 ) was a New York lawyer , banker , and owner of the Mail and Express newspaper , as well as a founder and president of the New York State Bar Association .
Robert Lee Minor or Bob Lee Minor ( born January 1 , 1944 ) is an African - American stunt performer , television and film actor , best known for doubling many celebrities such as :
Theodore Matthew Michael Kuhn , Jr. ( born September 21 , 1932 ) , known as Mickey Kuhn , is an American former actor of the 1930s , 1940s and 1950s .
Ninos Dankha ( born in Baghdad , Iraq ) better known by his stage name Prince of Assyria is a Swedish - Iraqi pop rock and folk singer of Assyrian descent .
Eleanore Mikus ( born July 25 , 1927 in Detroit , Michigan ) is an American artist who began painting in the late 1950s in the Abstract Expressionist mode .
Johnny Saxton ( July 4 , 1930 -- October 4 , 2008 ) was an American professional boxer in the welterweight ( 147 lb ) division .
Yale Boss ( October 18 , 1899 -- November 16 , 1977 ) was an American child actor of the silent screen .
Carlo Pollonera ( Alexandria , Egypt , March 27 , 1849 - Turin , June 17 , 1923 ) was an Italian painter , particularly of landscapes , and also an important malacologist .
Salvo Cuccia ( born July 14 , 1960 ) is an Italian cinema director and screenwriter .
John Singer Sargent ( /ˈsɑːrdʒənt/ ; January 12 , 1856 -- April 14 , 1925 ) was an American artist , considered the `` leading portrait painter of his generation '' for his evocations of Edwardian era luxury .
János Murkovics ( Slovene : Janez Murkovič , Prekmurian : Janoš Murkovič , December 23 , 1839 -- April 15 , 1917 ) was Slovene teacher , musician and writer in Hungary .
Rocco Reed ( born July 26 , 1982 ) is an American former pornographic actor .
TJ Norris ( born October 10 , 1965 ) is an American interdisciplinary artist known for his urban , conceptual photography and installation projects .
Samson Chiu Leung Chun ( 赵良骏 ) is a Hong Kong - based film director , film writer and newspaper columnist .
Fiona Bevan is an English singer - songwriter from Suffolk , who lives in Hackney , London .
Maria Margherita Grimani ( fl . 1713 -- 1718 ) was an Italian composer who , at some points in her life , was active in Vienna .
Harmon Jones ( June 3 , 1911 -- July 10 , 1972 ) was a Canadian - born film editor and director who worked for many years at the 20th Century - Fox studio in southern California .
Stephen Briers is a British clinical psychologist .
Stephen Gaboury is an American musician , producer , composer , arranger , and musical director .
Virginia Kidd ( June 2 , 1921 -- January 11 , 2003 ) was an American literary agent , writer and editor , who worked in particular in science fiction and related fields .
Zhang Liyin ( born February 28 , 1989 ) , better known in South Korea as Jang Ri - in , is a Chinese singer active in China and South Korea , She is a member of the South Korean group S.M. The Ballad .
Norman Orentreich ( /ˈnɔːrmən ˈɒrəntraɪk/ ; ) is a pioneering New York dermatologist and the father of modern hair transplantation .
Cao Zhiyun ( Chinese : 曹志耘 ; pinyin : Cáo Zhìyún ) , born in Jinhua , Zhejiang in 1961 is a Chinese linguist and dialectologist and is a professor at Beijing Language and Culture University .
Albert Liurette ( born July 3 , 1904 , date of death unknown ) was a Guinean physician and politician .
Didymus the Musician was a music theorist in Rome of the end of the 1st century BC or beginning of the 1st century AD , who combined elements of earlier theoretical approaches with an appreciation of the aspect of performance .
Hans J. Salter ( January 14 , 1896 -- July 23 , 1994 ) was an American film composer .
Jennifer L. Holm is an American children 's writer , and recipient of three Newbery Honors and the Eisner Award .
Michael Lavery is an American artist , and brain fitness author .
Andreas Poach ( c.1515 -- April 2 , 1585 ) was a German Lutheran theologian and Reformer .
Henry Lehrman ( March 30 , 1886 -- November 7 , 1946 ) was an American actor , screenwriter , director and producer .
As a botanist , Paul Émile de Puydt notably wrote on orchids .
Catrine Näsmark ( Stockholm , Sweden , 1970 ) is a Swedish artist , painter and set designer .
Dustin Lance Black ( born June 10 , 1974 ) is an American screenwriter , director , film and television producer and LGBT rights activist .
Delia Ephron ( EHF - rihn ; born July 12 , 1944 ) is an American bestselling author , screenwriter , and playwright .
Wong Kew - Lit ( 黄巧力 ) is a Malaysian Chinese film director and producer .
John Wyman is a British actor probably best known for his role as Erich Kriegler in the James Bond film For Your Eyes Only .
Nicolas Chauvin ( French : ( ʃɔvɛ̃ ) ) is a legendary , possibly apocryphal French soldier and patriot who is supposed to have served in the First Army of the French Republic and subsequently in La Grande Armée of Napoleon .
Dev Raj Joshi ( Nepali : देवराज जोशी ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Nepali Congress .
Blayre Turnbull ( born July 15 , 1993 ) is a women 's ice hockey player for the Wisconsin Badgers women 's ice hockey program .
On 23 July 1923 , Gertrude Bacon and botanist and illustrator Lady Joanna Charlotte Davy ( 1865 - 1955 ) made the first discovery of Carex microglochin or Bristle Sedge in Great Britain .
K. Raman Pillai is an Indian politician , the president of Kerala Janapaksham .
Mike Bocklet ( born November 3 , 1984 in South Salem , New York ) is a professional lacrosse player with the Denver Outlaws of Major League Lacrosse and the head coach of the Purchase College men 's lacrosse team .
Mildred Seydell ( born Mildred Rutherford Woolley ; March 21 , 1889 -- February 20 , 1988 ) was a pioneering woman journalist in Georgia breaking the gender barrier in newspapers in the state .
Pietro Montana ( June 29 , 1890 -- July 6 , 1978 ) was a 20th - century Italian - American sculptor , painter and teacher , noted for his war memorials and religious works .
Lynn Poole ( August 11 , 1910 -- April 14 , 1969 ) was the creator and host of an early U.S. science television program , The Johns Hopkins Science Review ( 1948 - -1955 ) , and the author of more than 20 popular science books .
Some consider Derek Warwick to be the best Formula One driver never to win a single race .
Dr. T. Ryan Gregory ( born May 16 , 1975 ) is a Canadian evolutionary biologist and genome biologist and a tenured Associate Professor in the Department of Integrative Biology and the Biodiversity Institute of Ontario at the University of Guelph in Guelph , Ontario , Canada .
Colton Harris Moore ( born March 22 , 1991 ) is an American criminal and former fugitive from Camano Island , Washington .
Christie Van Hees ( born July 5 , 1977 ) is a retired Canadian racquetball player .
Catherine B. Gulley ( fl . 1908 - 1962 ) , was an English watercolour portrait and genre painter who lived and worked in Bristol .
John Q. Jordan was an African - American journalist who covered all - black marine units in Italy during World War II . While there , he filed dispatches as a correspondent for the black - oriented Norfolk Journal and Guide .
Will Lyons is a journalist , newspaper columnist , award - winning wine writer and broadcaster .
Henry Abbey ( July 11 , 1842 -- June 7 , 1911 ) was an American poet who is best remembered for the poem , `` What do we plant when we plant a tree ? ''
Tomasz Pohl - poet , author of songs , publicist , menedżer and animator of culture .
Potenciano Lesaca was a Filipino politician and businessman who became the first civil governor of Zambales , a province of the Philippines located in the Central Luzon region .
Roberto García Morillo ( January 22 , 1911 -- October 26 , 2003 ) was an Argentine composer , musicologist , music professor and music critic .
Fredric Lieberman ( d. May 4 , 2013 ) was an American ethnomusicologist , composer , music professor , and author .
Alex Cohen is an American radio journalist , roller derby skater and author .
Víctor Yturbe ( born Víctor Manuel De Anda Iturbe ; May 8 , 1936 -- November 28 , 1987 ) was a Mexican singer , nicknamed `` El Pirulí '' .
Erna Fergusson ( January 10 , 1888 -- July 30 , 1964 ) was an avid writer , historian , and storyteller , who documented the culture and history of New Mexico for more than forty years .
Mantle Hood ( June 24 , 1918 -- July 31 , 2005 ) was an American ethnomusicologist .
Henry Monro ( 1791 - -1814 ) was a British painter , associated with the Monro ' Academy ' founded by his father Thomas Monro ( 1759 - -1833 ) .
Kuselo Moyake is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with Romanian side Baia Mare .
Michael Waller Robinson ( October 13 , 1837 -- July 23 , 1912 ) was an American lawyer , educator , and politician from Missouri .
Dave Keller ( born September 28 , 1959 ) is a former minor league baseball player , coach and manager and major league coach for the Cleveland Indians .
Henry Rollins ( born Henry Lawrence Garfield ; February 13 , 1961 ) is an American musician , writer , journalist , publisher , actor , motivational speaker , television and radio host , spoken word artist , comedian , and activist .
Howard Fried ( born June 14 , 1946 , in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American conceptual artist who became known in the 1970s for his pioneering work in video art , performance art , and installation art . He lives and works in Vallejo , California .
Florian Ceynowa ( Kashubian Florión Cenôwa ) ( May 4 , 1817 -- March 26 , 1881 ) was a doctor , political activist , writer , and linguist .
Archibald Williamson , 1st Baron Forres PC ( 13 September 1860 - -29 October 1931 ) , known as Sir Archibald Williamson , 1st Baronet , from 1909 to 1922 , was a Scottish businessman and Liberal politician .
J. Anderson Thomson , Jr. is an American psychiatrist and writer .
Shungo Oyama ( 大山 峻護 Ōyama Shungo ( oːjama ɕɯŋɡo ) ; born April 11 , 1974 ) is a Japanese mixed martial artist with an extensive and successful background in judo and sambo .
Verne Harris has been the archivist for the papers of Nelson Mandela since 2004 , as Head of the Memory Programme at the Nelson Mandela Foundation 's Centre of Memory and Dialogue .
John S. Rodwell ( 1946 -- present ) is an ecologist who was based at the University of Lancaster , noted for his role in the development of the British National Vegetation Classification and as editor of the five volumes of British Plant Communities .
Phil Seaman ( born 1947 ) was an English piano based singer - songwriter who found fame with his hit single `` Rain '' in 1972 , and the album Vermillion Memoirs of the same year .
Robert Ferro ( October 21 , 1941 - July 11 , 1988 ) was an American novelist whose semi - autobiographical fiction explored the uneasy integration of homosexuality and traditional American upper - middle - class values .
Colin Munro MacLeod ( January 28 , 1909 -- February 11 , 1972 ) was a Canadian - American geneticist .
Donald J. Leonard ( born July 11 , 1933 ) is an American electrical engineer and AT&T executive , who received the 1996 IEEE Simon Ramo Medal .
David Burroughs Mattingly ( born June 29 , 1956 , Fort Collins , Colorado ) is an American illustrator and painter , best known for his numerous book covers of science fiction and fantasy literature .
Gertrude Kayaga Mulindwa is a Ugandan librarian who has been the director of the National Library of Uganda since its founding in 2003 .
Casey Kauffman is an American journalist who works for Al Jazeera English , the first English - language news channel headquartered in the Middle East .
Yuan Xianchen ( simplified Chinese : 袁显臣 ; traditional Chinese : 袁顯臣 ; pinyin : Yuán Xiǎnchén ) is a mainland Chinese lawyer and human rights activist from Heilongjiang province .
Max Rubin is a gambling expert and author best known for his book Comp City :
José Martín Cuevas Cobos ( born September 28 , 1969 ) , known professionally as Pedro Fernández , is a Mexican Latin Grammy Award winning recording artist and actor .
Erik Rudeng ( born 7 February 1946 ) is a Norwegian historian , administrator , essayist and biographer .
Matthew Temple is an American actor and filmmaker who has made numerous films from both sides of the camera , including 8213 :
Isadar ( born Fabian Isadore Thibodeaux ( /ˈtɪbədoʊ/ TIB - ə - doh ) ; March 7 , 1968 ) is an American pianist , singer - songwriter , musician , recording artist , music video director , and record producer .
Tyler Coffey ( born January 24 , 1976 ) is a musician and record producer based in Seattle , Washington .
Elaine Lee is an American actress , playwright , producer , and graphic novel writer .
John Shelton Reed ( born 1942 ) is a sociologist and essayist , author or editor of twenty books , most of them dealing with the contemporary American South .
Alfred Proksch ( December 11 , 1908 -- January 3 , 2011 ) was an Austrian Olympic athlete and graphic designer .
Sezer Huysuz ( born November 20 , 1977 in Ordu ) is a Turkish judoka competing in the lightweight ( 73 kg ) division .
Joel Bernstein is a photographer , guitarist , and record producer based in Oakland , California .
Radovan Samardžić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радован Самарџић ; 1922 - 1994 ) was a Yugoslav and Serbian historian , member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts ( SANU ) .
Jim Bianco ( born March 25 , 1976 ) is a critically acclaimed independent musician , singer , songwriter and producer based in Los Angeles , California .
Bill Garrard is a Republican politician who served as state representative for District 56 of the Oregon House of Representatives from 2001 to 2013 .
Brian Lichtenberg is a Florida - born American fashion designer based in Los Angeles , California .
Charles R. Brayton ( August 16 , 1840 -- September 23 , 1910 ) was a prominent Republican politician and lobbyist in Rhode Island in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Louis Philippe Adélard Langevin ( August 23 , 1855 -- June 15 , 1915 ) was a Canadian Oblate priest and Archbishop of Saint - Boniface .
Per Leegaard ( born July 15 , 1982 ) is a Danish team handball player .
Jeff Blumenkrantz ( born June 3 , 1965 in Long Branch , New Jersey ) is an actor , composer and lyricist .
Hōzan Yamamoto ( 山本 邦山 , Yamamoto Hōzan ; October 6 , 1937 - February 10 , 2014 in Ōtsu , Shiga prefecture ) was a Japanese shakuhachi player , composer and lecturer .
Bartosz Arłukowicz ( born 31 December 1971 in Resko ) is a Polish center - left politician and pediatrician .
Benjamin Muse ( April 17 , 1898 -- May 4 , 1986 ) was an American lawyer , newspaper publisher , and Republican politician who served as a member of the Virginia Senate .
Charles Otis Whitman ( December 6 , 1842 -- December 14 , 1910 ) was an American zoologist , who was influential to the founding of classical ethology .
Giuseppe Simoni is an Italian biologist and scientist .
Zhu Qiuying ( simplified Chinese : 朱秋颖 ; traditional Chinese : 朱秋穎 ; pinyin : Zhū Qiūyǐng ; born October 3 , 1994 ) is a Chinese figure skater .
Fereydoon Family ( born September 18 , 1945 ) is a leading Persian physicist in the field of nanotechnology and solid - state physics .
Armando Di Filippo is an Argentine economist , an economic science faculty member at the University of Rosario and Magíster in economic science at the University of Chile .
Khaled Hosseini ( Persian : خالد حسینی‎‎ ( ˈxɒled hoˈsejni ) ; /ˈhɑːlɛd hoʊˈseɪni/ ; born March 4 , 1965 ) is an Afghan - born American novelist and physician .
Charles Culp Burlingham ( August 31 , 1858 -- June 6 , 1959 ) was a prominent New York City lawyer , legal reformer , and president of the New York City Bar Association .
William Charles Achi , Jr. ( 1889 - -1947 ) was a Hawaiian attorney and territorial judge , as well as composer .
Eddy Ko Hung ( Chinese : 高雄 ; pinyin : Gāo Xióng ; born 1937 ) is a Hong Kong television and film actor who has worked on the TV stations RTV ( now defunct ) , TVB and ATV .
Christopher Columbus Andrews ( October 27 , 1829 -- September 21 , 1922 ) was an American soldier , diplomat , newspaperman , author , and forester .
Shane O'Rourke is a current intercounty Gaelic football player for Meath .
Salah Goudjil ( Arabic : صلاح جوجيل‎ ) is an Algerian politician , belonging to the Secretariat of the Executive Committee of the National Liberation Front ( FLN ) .
Leigh Haggerwood is a contemporary composer based in Bath , UK .
Jorge Corrula ( born March 16 , 1978 ) is a Portuguese actor and fashion model .
Charles F. Lembke , was a prominent architect and contractor who resided in Valparaiso , Indiana .
Rune Glifberg ( born October 7 , 1974 ) nicknamed `` The Danish Destroyer '' , is a Danish professional skateboarder .
Joan M. Jensen ( born December 9 , 1934 St. Paul , Minnesota ) is an American historian .
Erling Jevne ( born March 24 , 1966 in Øyer , Oppland ) is a former Norwegian cross - country skier who competed from 1987 to 2005 .
Stuart Hyatt is a musician and multimedia artist from Indianapolis .
Andres Küng ( September 13 , 1945 -- December 10 , 2002 ) was a Swedish journalist , writer , entrepreneur and politician of Estonian origin .
TJ Hassan ( born May 23 , 1981 ) is a film , television and stage actor .
Duane Sand ( born May 8 , 1965 ) is a North Dakota politician , a graduate of the United States Naval Academy , and a U.S. Navy officer during the Iraq War .
Charles Noland is an American actor , appearing in over 100 different films and television episodes with recurring roles on The West Wing ( 7 Seasons ) and ER ( 2 Seasons ) .
MØ also co - wrote the song `` All My Love '' by Major Lazer , featuring vocals from American singer - songwriter Ariana Grande .
William Le Roy Emmet ( July 10 , 1858 -- September 26 , 1941 ) was an electrical engineer who made major contributions to alternating current power systems including the design of large rotary converters .
Karel Plíhal ( born August 23 , 1958 in Přerov ) is a Czech folk and jazz musician , singer , songwriter and record producer .
Steve Robin is an American television director and producer best known for his work with television producer David E. Kelley .
Ajaya Kumar Chaurasiya Barai ( Nepali : अजय कुमार चौरसिया ) is a Nepalese politician .
Alison Parson ( born c. 1984 ) is an American country singer and songwriter based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Nick Inch ( born December 20 , 1984 ) is a Canadian lacrosse player in the National Lacrosse League .
Masood Iqbal Qureshi ( April 17 , 1952 , Lahore , Punjab -- October 31 , 2003 ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in a single One - day International ( ODI ) event in 1984 .
Leopoldo Salcedo ( March 12 , 1912 -- June 11 , 1998 ) was a two - time FAMAS award - winning Filipino film actor who specialized in portraying dramatic heroes .
Robert Folk ( born March 5 , 1949 ) is an American film and television composer and conductor who has written many movie scores , as well as other orchestral music in a classical style .
Fränzi Mägert - Kohli ( born Franziska Kohli ; 31 May 1982 ) is a Swiss snowboarder .
Mark O'Keefe is a comedy screenwriter for feature films and television .
Glenn Perry is an Australian writer and opera librettist .
Caroline Aiken ( born August 8 , 1955 ) is a singer and guitarist from Atlanta , Georgia whose work spans genres , from folk to blues to rock .
Peter Mew is a British music audio engineer at Abbey Road Studios , where he is now senior mastering engineer .
Nani Darnell is the wife and assistant of American magician Mark Wilson .
Patrick Kenji Takahashi ( born September 6 , 1940 in Honolulu , Hawaii ) is an American biochemical engineer and popular science writer .
Jude Anthany Joseph ( born Sijo Joseph ) is an Indian film director known for his 2014 Malayalam film Ohm Shanthi Oshaana .
William Russell Sweet ( November 18 , 1860 - October 15 , 1946 ) was an early American artist , painter and sculptor .
Dusty Limits is an Australian - born cabaret singer and comedian based in the United Kingdom , and one of the leading figures on the `` new cabaret '' scene .
Jules Piccard ( professor of chemistry ) Auguste Piccard ( physicist , aeronaut , balloonist , hydronaut ) Jacques Piccard ( hydronaut ) Bertrand Piccard ( aeronaut , balloonist ) Jean Felix Piccard ( organic chemist , aeronaut , and balloonist ) Jeannette Piccard ( wife of Jean Felix ) ( aeronaut and balloonist ) Don Piccard ( balloonist )
Josiah Ober is an American historian of ancient Greece and classical political theorist .
Russell Banks ( born March 28 , 1940 ) is an American writer of fiction and poetry .
Bruce Perens ( born around 1958 ) is an American computer programmer and advocate in the free software movement .
Jamal al - Haidari ( Arabic : جمال الحيدري‎ , died 1963 ) was an Iraqi communist politician .
Chen Jia'er ( Chinese : 陈佳洱 ; October 1 , 1934 - ) is a Chinese nuclear physicist , an accelerator physicist and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences ( CAS ) .
Hayes MacArthur ( born April 16 , 1977 ) is an American stand - up comedian , actor and writer .
David Cerney ( fl . 1559 ) was an English politician .
Hallowell Davis ( August 31 , 1896 -- August 22 , 1992 ) was an American physiologist and otolaryngologist and researcher who did pioneering work on the physiology of hearing and the inner ear .
Anaridis Rodriguez - Starnino is an award - winning American journalist and news anchor working for The Weather Channel .
Cal Bolder ( June 14 , 1931 -- January 19 , 2005 ) was an American film and television actor best known for his role as the outlaw turned monster in the 1966 film Jesse James Meets Frankenstein 's Daughter .
Hiroshi Kawashima ( 川島 郭志 , born March 27 , 1970 , in Tokushima , Japan ) is a former professional boxer .
Harvey Fuqua ( July 27 , 1929 -- July 6 , 2010 ) was an American rhythm and blues singer , songwriter , record producer , and record label executive .
Claude Ernest Dolman ( May 23 , 1906 -- December 15 , 1994 ) was a Canadian academic and microbiologist .
Dinu Brătianu ( January 13 , 1866 -- 1950 ) , born Constantin I. C. Brătianu , was a Romanian politician , who led the National Liberal Party ( PNL ) starting in 1934 .
Jan z Holešova or Jan from Holešov ( 1366 , Holešov -- 1436 , Rajhrad ) was a Czech writer , linguist , musicologist , theologian , and one of the first ethnographers and a founder of modern comparative linguistics .
Teri Woods is an American novelist from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and one of the most successful self - published authors in the United States .
Gilberto Alejandro Durán Diaz , known to all as Alejo Durán or `` El Negro Grande '' ( the great black Man ) ( February 9 , 1919 -- November 15 , 1989 ) was a Colombian vallenato music traditional composer , singer and accordionist .
Lisa Reagan Love is a singer and composer based in Oklahoma City .
Miroslav Ihnačák ( born November 19 , 1962 in Poprad , Czechoslovakia ) is a former ice hockey player currently head coach of GKS Tychy coach .
ReShonda Tate Billingsley is an award - winning and national best - selling author and journalist .
Paromita Banerjee , is a leading Indian fashion designer and a member of the Fashion Design Council of India
Thou Reyes ( born Joseph Kolins Reyes on March 28 , 1984 ) is a Filipino actor and model .
Geoff Eales ( born March 13 , 1951 ) is a Welsh jazz pianist , improviser and composer .
Sid Page is an American violinist who has been active since the late 1960s .
Stone based the character of Hicks on Beat writer Neal Cassady .
Belinda Luscombe ( born in Sydney ) is an Australian - born journalist .
John Costanza ( born August 14 , 1943 , in Dover , New Jersey ) is an artist and letterer who has worked in the American comic book industry .
Annie Ousset - Krief , Ph D. and associate professor at the Sorbonne Nouvelle - Paris 3 University , is a French historian and American Civilization specialist .
Rosie Gaines is an American vocalist , musician , singer - songwriter , and record producer from Pittsburg , California .
Bjorn Thorsrud is a music producer , programmer , and audio engineer who has produced film scores and albums for rock and pop artists .
Georg Fluckinger ( born March 1 , 1955 ) was an Austrian luger who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
José Bardina ( March 27 , 1939 -- December 18 , 2009 ) was a television leading actor .
Son Seong - cheol ( Korean : 손 성철 ; born February 14 , 1987 ) is a South Korean springboard diver .
Jeremy King is an American historian , Professor of History at Mount Holyoke .
Samuel Watkins Overton , Jr. ( June 5 , 1894 -- December 2 , 1958 ) , was an American politician and the longest serving mayor in the history of the City of Memphis .
Klah Tso ( Navajo : Tłʼatsoh ) ( mid-19th -- early 20th century ) was a Navajo painter .
Lecrae Devaughn Moore ( born October 9 , 1979 ) , mononymously known as Lecrae , is an American Christian hip hop artist , songwriter , record producer and actor .
Hemchandra Burman is an Indian politician from West Bengal and belong to Bhartiya Janata Party .
João Lourenço Rebelo , or João Soares Rebelo ( 1610 -- 16 November 1665 ) was the only Portuguese composer to adopt the Venetian polychoral style .
Bikram Keith ( born December 29 , 1982 ) is a Washington , D.C. based Indian disc jockey and producer .
Darenzia is the stage name of an American latex fetish and fashion model who resides in New York City .
Angarag Mahanta , known by his nickname Papon , is an Indian singer , composer and record producer from Assam .
Steve Jablonsky ( born October 9 , 1970 ) is an American composer for film , television and video game , best known for his musical scores in the Transformers film series .
Erpr lútandi was according to Skáldatal the court skald of the Swedish kings Eysteinn Beli and Björn at Haugi .
David Ames Wells ( June 17 , 1828 -- November 5 , 1898 ) was an American engineer , textbook author , economist and advocate of low tariffs .
Errikos Litsis ( Greek : Ερρίκος Λίτσης ; born in Athens ) is a Greek actor .
Scott Glasgow is a Hollywood - based musical composer .
A. Thomas Schomberg is a sculptor who resides in Colorado .
Emily Bindiger ( born May 10 , 1955 in Brooklyn , New York , U.S. ) is an American singer , belonging to the award - winning a cappella group The Accidentals .
Jonathan Schmock ( born February 26 , 1956 ) is an American actor , television director , producer , writer and editorial cartoonist .
Sławomir Lachowski ( born January 1 , 1958 in Końskie , Poland ) is a manager and economist with more than twenty years '' experience of the banking industry in Poland and Central and Eastern Europe ; founder of the first internet bank in the region , mBank ; and author of many management publications .
Mike Willis is a former major league baseball player who played for the Toronto Blue Jays from 1977 to 1981 .
Paul Elmer More ( December 12 , 1864 -- March 9 , 1937 ) was an American journalist , critic , essayist and Christian apologist .
William Joseph Snelling ( December 26 , 1804 -- December 24 , 1848 ) was an American adventurer , writer , poet , and journalist .
Dixie Friend Gay is a U.S. visual artist who works in a variety of media and is noted for work that explores the power of nature .
Adeyemi Afolayan ( also known as Ade Love ) was a Nigerian film actor , director and producer .
Michal Bat - Adam ( Hebrew : מיכל בת - אדם ) is an Israeli film director , producer , screenwriter , actress , and musician .
Professor Vanessa Hayes is a geneticist conducting research into cancer genomics and comparative human genomics .
Dawn Prince - Hughes ( born January 31 , 1964 in Carbondale , Illinois ) is an anthropologist , primatologist , and ethologist who received her M.A. and PhD in interdisciplinary anthropology from the Universität Herisau in Switzerland .
Naomi Striemer ( born October 6 , 1982 ) is a Canadian - American singer .
Bob Rosa is an American record producer that has worked with artists such as Madonna , Janet Jackson , Mariah Carey and Espen Lind .
Gwen Hughes is an American jazz singer , songwriter and actress .
Laura de Force Gordon ( née Laura de Force ; August 17 , 1838 , North East , Pennsylvania -- April 5 , 1907 , Lodi , California ) was an American lawyer , editor , and a prominent campaigner for women 's rights in the American West .
Cruz Manuel Hernández Santiago ( born December 1 , 1972 ) , known artistically as Manny Manuel , is a Puerto Rican singer of merengue , boleros , and tropical music .
Judah ben Isaac Cardinal ( or Cardineal ) was a translator who lived at the end of the twelfth century and the beginning of the thirteenth , probably in southern France .
Francis Preston Blair Lee III ( May 19 , 1916 -- October 25 , 1985 ) , popularly known as Blair Lee III , was an American Democratic politician .
Ewing Miles Brown began his career as an actor in Hollywood .
Jennifer Rush ( born Heidi Stern , September 28 , 1960 ) is an American pop singer best known for the million - selling single `` The Power of Love '' , which she co - wrote .
Louise Portal ( born May 12 , 1950 ) is a Canadian actress , film director , singer and writer .
Clesson J. Blaisdell ( September 28 , 1926 -- August 26 , 1999 ) was a New Hampshire businessman and politician who served as a member of and President of the New Hampshire Senate .
Maureen May ( née Getting ; born September 22 , 1962 ) is an American cellist and conductor .
Darien Brockington is an American singer , songwriter , vocal arranger and actor .
Laura Joh Rowland is a detective / mystery author best known for her series of historical mystery novels set in the late days of feudal Japan , mostly in Edo during the late 17th century .
Krista Tippett ( née Weedman , born November 9 , 1960 ) is an American journalist , author , and entrepreneur .
Leonid Makhnovets was a Ukrainian literary scientist , historian , archaeologist , interpreter , bibliographer .
Curtis Greene is an American mathematician , specializing in algebraic combinatorics .
Tomáš Jasko ( born December 9 , 1983 ) is a Slovak ice hockey player who played previously professionally in Kazakhstan for HC Saryarka of the Kazakhstan Vyschaya Liga .
Patrick O'Hearn ( born September 6 , 1954 ) is an American multi - instrumentalist musician , composer and recording artist .
Édouard Ménétries ( 2 October 1802 -- 10 April 1861 ) was a French entomologist , zoologist , and herpetologist .
Jamie Paulson ( born April 26 , 1948 in Calgary ) is a former Canadian badminton player who won national and international titles from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s .
Glen Chin ( born January 27 , 1948 ) is a critically acclaimed American actor who stars in film and television .
Raye Birk ( born May 27 , 1943 ) is an American film and television actor famous for playing the role of Papshmir in the first and last of the Naked Gun movies .
Ryan Coleman ( born January 14 , 1991 ) is an American actor , recording artist , producer , singer / songwriter , rapper , dancer , multi - instrumentalist and comedian from the Nickelodeon series All That .
Sue Peabody , born Susan Lee Peabody on September 6 , 1960 , is a historian and professor of history at Washington State University Vancouver .
William Arthur Irwin , often credited as W. Arthur Irwin ( May 27 , 1898 -- August 9 , 1999 ) , was a Canadian journalist and diplomat .
Cathy Cooper ( born November 8 , 1960 ) is a postmodern artist and wardrobe stylist who lives and maintains a studio in Los Angeles .
Benjamin Paul Akers ( July 10 , 1825 -- May 21 , 1861 ) was an American sculptor , from Maine .
Tonmi Lillman ( born Tommi Kristian Lillman , 3 June 1973 -- 13 February 2012 ) was a Finnish musician , best known as Otus , the former drummer of the Finnish hard rock band Lordi .
Svetlana Gromenkova is a poker player who won the 2008 World Series of Poker $ 1,000 Ladies - No - Limit Hold'em .
Héctor Beltrán Leyva ( born 15 February 1965 ) is a Mexican suspected drug lord and former leader of the Beltrán Leyva Cartel , a drug trafficking organization .
A full professor at Ramon Llull University and a lecturer at ESADE Business School in Barcelona , Jordi Montaña holds a doctorate in industrial engineering from the Polytechnic University of Catalonia , a master 's degree in Business Administration and Management from ESADE and a degree in industrial engineering from the School of Industrial Engineering of Barcelona .
Georg Landsberg ( January 30 , 1865 -- September 14 , 1912 ) was a German mathematician , known for his work in the theory of algebraic functions and on the Riemann--
Flora Purim ( born March 6 , 1942 ) is a Brazilian jazz singer known primarily for her work in the jazz fusion style .
Anthony Brenner ( born November 28 , 1959 ) is a Canadian - born German former ice hockey player .
Ernesto Acher ( Buenos Aires , October 9 , 1939 ) is an Argentine comedian , actor , composer , arranger , multi - instrumentalist and orchestral conductor .
Valdemar Axel Firsoff was known principally as an amateur astronomer .
William Albert Boucher ( born November 12 , 1889 in St. Louis , Northwest Territories - died June 23 , 1976 ) was a Métis politician , farmer and merchant .
Xuefei Yang ( simplified Chinese : 杨雪霏 ; traditional Chinese : 楊雪霏 ; pinyin : Yáng Xuěfēi ; born March 15 , 1977 ) is a Chinese classical guitarist .
David Sage is an American television actor known for his various roles in television in the 1980s and 1990s .
Michael Sharpe is a British psychiatrist and academic specialising in the psychiatric aspects of medical illness .
Giuseppe Cesare Gaetano Molla ( 1845 -- 1894 ) was an Italian impresario , conductor , pianist , and opera director .
Yukari Takemoto ( 竹本 ゆかり , born April 27 , 1955 ) is a retired Japanese swimmer .
Joaquín Gallegos Lara ( April 9 , 1909 -- November 16 , 1947 ) was an Ecuadorian social realist novelist , short story writer , poet , and essayist .
William W. Rockwell ( born July 21 , 1824 Hadley , Saratoga County , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Mohsen Ayed Hammoud Sultan , known as Tahish HAWBAN(Arabic : محسن عايض‎ ) is an author , journalist and human rights activist Yemeni born in 1976 in isolation Tbahah , Ta'izz Governorate .
Tobias Cummings is an Australian singer - songwriter from Melbourne who has recorded two albums .
Aiden Dillard is an American independent film director and artist , who is known for using surreal humor and camp ( style ) within the confines of low - budget film .
Ed Alonzo ( born July 26 , 1968 ) is a Mexican American comedian , actor , and professional magician .
Yohanan Plesner ( Hebrew : יוחנן פלסנר‎ ; born January 17 , 1972 ) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima between 2007 and 2013 .
Kurt Lockwood ( born June 4 , 1970 ) is an American pornographic actor & director , model , and musician .
Larry Conklin is an American guitar player , singer , songwriter and music journalist .
Romeo Munoz Cachola , commonly known as Romy Cachola , is a Democratic politician from the state of Hawaii .
Ahmed Imamović is a Bosnian film director , producer and screenwriter .
Roy Allen Smith ( born December 12 , 1954 in Cedar City , Utah ) is an American animator , film director and producer , who is well known for the Land Before Time series and Family Guy .
Shahrar Ali ( ( ' ʃɑːrɑː ɑː'liː ) ) is a British politician and Deputy Leader of the Green Party of England and Wales alongside Amelia Womack .
Randy Thompson is a Virginia based americana / country music singer and songwriter .
Christian Ignatius Latrobe was an English clergyman of the Moravian Church , as well as an artist , musician and composer .
Syed Mir Qasim ( Kashmiri : सैय्यद मीर क़ासिम ( Devanagari ) , سید میر قسم ( Nastaleeq ) ) was the Chief Minister of Kashmir from 1971 to 1975 and well - respected throughout India as a gentleman politician and statesman .
Ted Young is a Fijian politician , who served in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase from 2001 to 2006 .
Darryll Sulindro - Yang ( Chinese : 杨周宏 , born October 26 , 1987 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American figure skater who competed for Taiwan in both singles and pairs .
Rudolf Grimm ( born 10 November 1961 ) is an experimental physicist from Austria .
Glenford Myers ( born December 12 , 1946 ) is an American computer scientist , entrepreneur , and author .
John E. Hancock ( March 23 , 1903 -- June 23 , 1982 ) was a Vermont farmer and politician who served one term as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives .
Susan Huehnergard is a Canadian former pairs figure skater with partner Paul Huehnergard .
Harry Newton Redman ( December 26 , 1869 - December 26 , 1958 ) was an American composer , writer , and artist , born in Illinois .
William Charles Milne(美魏茶 born April 22 , 1815 , died May 25 , 1863 ) was a missionary to China in the 19th century .
Keturah Kamugasa is a Ugandan writer and journalist most notable for her weekly column in The New Vision daily , called `` Style with Keturah Kamugasa '' .
Mack Wilberg ( born in 1955 in Orangeville , Utah ) is a composer , arranger , conductor , choral clinician and the current music director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir .
David MacIsaac ( born April 23 , 1972 ) is a former professional ice hockey player from Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Solon ( Greek : Σόλων ; c. 638 -- c. 558 BC ) was an Athenian statesman , lawmaker , and poet .
Ellen Lendra Hight ( born February 13 , 1981 ) is a Zambian swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events .
Sumner Howard ( May 7 , 1835 -- September 6 , 1890 ) was an American jurist and politician who served as Chief Justice on the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court , Speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives , and Mayor of Prescott , Arizona Territory .
Derrelle Owens ( born June 9 , 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Shorty Mack , is a rapper and actor .
Oliver McCall ( born April 21 , 1965 ) is an American professional boxer best known for winning the WBC heavyweight title in 1994 , after scoring an upset knockout victory over Lennox Lewis .
Marcelle Dormoy ( 1895 - 1976 ) was a French couturier , fashion designer , and former model active from 1928 to 1950 .
Norman Snow ( born March 29 , 1950 ) is an American actor who is probably best known for his role as the evil tyrant Xur in the science fiction film The Last Starfighter ( 1984 ) .
Wayne Hope is an Australian actor , writer , director , and producer .
Huang Tsing - tung ( Chinese : 黃慶東 ; pinyin : Huáng Qìngdōng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Liraz Charhi ( Hebrew : לירז צ'רכי‎ ; born May 31 , 1978 in Ramla ) is an Israeli actress , singer and dancer of Iranian descent , living in the United States .
Verónica Romero is a Spanish singer who rose to fame in 2001 after appearing on the reality singing contest Operación Triunfo , in which she finished in sixth place .
Lawrence Foanaota OBE , born on Malaita , is a Solomon Islander archaeologist .
David Ackroyd ( born May 30 , 1940 ) is an American actor , who first came to prominence in soap operas such as The Secret Storm and Another World .
Boyé Lafayette De Mente is an American author , journalist , and adventurer who has written over 100 books mainly related to Mexico and East Asia , in particular Japanese culture .
Adolph Frank ( January 20 , 1834 -- May 30 , 1916 ) was a German chemist , engineer , and businessman .
Shauna Cross is an American screenwriter , novelist and former roller derby athlete .
Antonio Agri ( May 5 , 1932 -- October 17 , 1998 ) was an Argentine violinist , composer and conductor prominent in both the tango and classical music genres .
Michael Jonzun , a musician and producer of electro , and especially electro funk , was born in Florida , and formed the Jonzun Crew in Boston with Steve Thorpe and Gordy Worthy .
Mohammad Hashemi Rafsanjani ( also Mohammad Hashemi ) is an Iranian politician who has been a member of the Expediency Discernment Council since 1997 .
Ziya Mammadov Arzuman oglu ( Azerbaijani : Ziya Məmmədov Arzuman oğlu ) is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Minister of Transportation of Azerbaijan Republic .
Richard Corrigan ( born 10 February 1964 ) is an Irish chef .
Samuel Bell Thomas ( July 6 , 1868 - October 11 , 1943 ) was a New York lawyer who defended William Sulzer during his impeachment in 1913 .
Haji Bektash Veli or Ḥājī Baktāsh Walī ( Persian : حاجی بکتاش ولی ‎‎ Ḥājī Baktāš Walī ; Turkish : Hacı Bektaş Veli ) was an Alevi Muslim mystic , Sayyid , humanist and philosopher , who lived from 1209 to 1271 .
Jean - Joseph Marcel ( November 24 , 1776 -- March 11 , 1854 ) was a French printer and engineer .
Raymond John Barry ( professionally known as Raymond J. Barry ) ( born March 14 , 1939 ) is an American film , television , and stage actor .
Tracy Davidson ( born June 10 , 1963 ) is a news presenter for WCAU in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Cristi Puiu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈkristi ˈpuju ) ; born 3 April 1967 ) is a Romanian film director and screenwriter .
Pál Sajgó ( born April 28 , 1922 ) was a Hungarian cross country skier and biathlete who competed in the 1950s .
Mohammad Ali Ghouchani ( 1771 in Ghouchan - 3rd of march 1877 in Tabriz ) , also known as Mirza Sanglakh , was a Persian author , poet , mystic and calligrapher in the era of Fath Ali Shah , Mohammad Shah and Naser al - Din Shah .
Coleman Dupont Donaldson ( 1922 - -2009 ) was a fluid physicist and aeronautical engineer who specialized in turbulent flow and computational fluid dynamics .
Ding Wenjiang ( Chinese : 丁文江 ; March 20 , 1887 - January 5 , 1936 ) , courtesy name Zaijun , was a Chinese geologist , polymath , writer , politician , administrator , and social activist , active especially in the Republic of China ( 1912 - -49 ) .
Cratippus of Pergamon ( Greek : Κράτιππος ) , was a leading Peripatetic philosopher of the 1st century BC who taught at Mytilene and Athens .
Gautam Bhattacharya is a sports journalist and the Associate Editor of Ananda Bazar Patrika in India .
Jonathan Yudis ( born in Philadelphia on December 22 , 1971 ) is an American film director .
Vaughan Bell is a British clinical psychologist at the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust specialising in psychological interventions for psychotic outpatients and in training other professionals to deal with such patients .
Kendall Baisden ( born March 5 , 1995 ) is an American track and field sprinter who specializes in the 400-meter dash .
Doug Whitsett ( born 1943 ) is an American politician who serves in the Oregon State Senate , representing District 28 .
Count Eustachy Tyszkiewicz h. Leliwa ( 1814 , Lahojsk -- 1874 in Wilno ) was a Polish noble , archaeologist and historian from the former Grand Duchy of Lithuania and White Ruthenia , then part of the Russian Empire .
Celina Murga ( born December 1973 ) is an Argentinian filmmaker , screenwriter , and producer .
Le Tari ( April 21 , 1946 -- April 4 , 1987 ) was an American actor who appeared in movies and on television .
Nina Pušlar ( born October 25 , 1988 , in Ivančna Gorica , Slovenia ) is a Slovenian singer - songwriter .
Gabriel Aragón , better known as Gaby , ( Madrid , 1920 -- Madrid , January 10 , 1995 ) was a Spanish clown and saxophonist , member of the trio Gaby , Fofó and Miliki .
Scott Bitz ( born October 29 , 1973 , in Regina , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian curler .
Ellen Fanning is an Australian journalist and was the last host of the Nine Network 's Sunday television program .
Marcos Vidal ( born December 10 , 1967 ) , is a Dove Award - nominated Spanish Christian singer / songwriter .
Shiferaw Shigute Wolassa ( Amharic : ? ) is an Ethiopian politician who is currently the country 's Minister of Education , and previously served as President of the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region from 2006 to 2013 .
Franz Gabl ( December 29 , 1921 -- January 23 , 2014 ) was an Austrian alpine skier and Olympic medalist .
Bartolommeo Penni was a Florentine High Renaissance painter active in the 16th century , the brother of the painters Luca Penni and Gianfrancesco Penni - the three brothers originally came from a family of weavers .
Sonja Gaudet ( born in North Vancouver , British Columbia on July 22 , 1966 ) is a Canadian Paralympic curler .
Binem Heller is a Polish poet and activist .
Mark Janicello ( born November 3 , 1962 , in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American singer , actor , painter and author .
Don Perlin ( born August 27 , 1929 ) is an American comic book artist and occasional writer best known for Marvel Comics ' Werewolf by Night , The Defenders , and Ghost Rider .
Dr. Mohan Agashe is an Indian theatre and film actor .
John Lloyd Vaughan Watkins ( 1802 -- 28 September 1865 ) was a Welsh Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in three periods between 1832 and 1865 .
Martha Hollander ( born March 24 , 1959 ) is an American poet and art historian .
Mike Birbiglia ( born June 20 , 1978 ) is an American comedian , writer , actor , and director .
Jarvis Mills ( born September 11 , 1983 ) , better known by his stage name Jae Millz , is an American rapper from Harlem , New York , who is signed to Lil Wayne 's record label Young Money Entertainment and Cash Money Records .
Bikash Ranjan Das ( Bengali : বিকাশ রঞ্জন দাশ ) ( born July 14 , 1982 , Dhaka ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who played in one Test in 2000 .
Wallace Ronald Roy ( born April 29 , 1940 ) , or Ron Roy , is an American writer of children 's fiction , primarily mysteries for young readers .
Levy Mayer ( October 23 , 1858 -- August 14 , 1922 ) was an American lawyer from Virginia .
Henrik Stehlik ( born December 29 , 1980 ) is a German trampoline gymnast and three - time Olympic athlete .
Jana Carpenter is an American actress , singer and guitarist based in the UK .
Jules Harlow ( born June 28 , 1931 ) is a Conservative Jewish rabbi and liturgist ; son of Henry and Lena Lipman Harlow .
Ronald Radosh ( born 1937 ) is an American writer , professor , historian , and former Marxist .
Thomas Patch ( 1725 - -1782 ) was an English painter , engraver , physiognomist and art historian .
Lyn Coffin ( born November 12 , 1943 ) is an American poet , fiction writer , playwright , translator , non - fiction writer , editor .
Kara Magsanoc - Alikpala is a Philippine broadcast journalist who produces news documentaries .
Francis D. Lee ( 1826 - -1885 ) was an American architect and inventor from Charleston , South Carolina .
Edwin Francis Gay ( October 27 , 1867 -- February 8 , 1946 ) was an American economist , Professor of Economic History and first Dean of the Harvard Business School .
Robin Givhan ( September 11 , 1964 ) is the fashion editor for The Washington Post .
Paul Kreppel ( born June 20 , 1947 ) is an actor , producer , director .
Anthony Loke Siew Fook ( simplified Chinese : 陆兆福 ; traditional Chinese : 陸兆福 ; pinyin : Lù Zhào Fú ; born 28 April 1977 ) is a Malaysian politician .
A fellowship run by The Frank Sargeson Trust in association with Auckland University and sponsored by law firm Grimshaw & Co supports writer(s ) to live in the Sargeson Centre , adjacent to the University of Auckland , with an annual stipend .
Joseph R. Driscoll is an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2003 to 2011 , representing the 5th district of Norfolk County .
Thrasyvoulos Zaimis ( Greek : Θρασύβουλος Ζαΐμης , 1822 - -1880 ) was a Greek politician and Prime Minister .
Eva Rueber - Staier ( sometimes spelled Eva Reuber - Staier ) is an Austrian actress , TV Host , model and beauty queen who won Miss World 1969 .
Kate Micucci ( pronounced /mᵻˈkuːtʃi/ ; born March 31 , 1980 ) is an American actress , comedian , singer - songwriter , and artist .
Soumitra Sen was a former judge of the Calcutta High Court .
Benjamin Peltonen ( born April 15 , 1997 ) is a Finnish singer , who originally became famous through the photo - sharing service Instagram , where his profile , opened in 2012 , has more than 229,000 followers .
Yohanan Simon ( Hebrew : יוחנן סימון ) was a German - born , award - winning Israeli painter .
Rickey William Kelman , known as Ricky Kelman or Rick Kelman ( born July 6 , 1950 ) , is a former child and young adult actor who apperared in film and on television from 1954 to 1974 .
Alan Lelchuk is a novelist , professor , and editor from Brooklyn , New York .
Alfred Pink ( June 1 , 1853 in Fratton , Portsmouth , Hampshire -- January 12 , 1931 in Portsmouth ) was an English cricketer who played one first - class match for Hampshire in 1885 .
Walter Paul Sieber ( October 2 , 1933 -- July 5 , 2009 ) was a Canadian professional wrestler under the ring name Waldo Von Erich .
Menahem ben Moshe Bavli ( Bavli meaning Roman ) , also known as Menahem Ben Moshe ha - Bavli , ( ? -1571 ) was a Jewish rabbi and author of the 1571 book Ta'amei Ha - Misvot ( `` The Reasons For The Precepts '' ) .
Carlton Ward Jr. is a photographer with National Geographic Society .
Arthur T. Benjamin ( born March 19 , 1961 ) is an American mathematician who specializes in combinatorics .
Maurice Lim ( born 1984 ) is a Dutch figure skater who was a two - time champion of the Dutch Figure Skating Championships .
Søren Nils Eichberg ( born 1973 ) is a German / Danish composer .
Kim Manners ( January 13 , 1951 -- January 25 , 2009 ) was an American television producer , director and actor best known for his work on The X - Files and Supernatural .
Ignacio Tuason Arroyo , Jr. ( October 24 , 1950 -- January 26 , 2012 ) , also known as Iggy Arroyo , was a Filipino politician .
Kirk Earlywine ( born July 4 , 1964 ) is an American college basketball coach , currently the director of player development at the University of Idaho and the former head men 's basketball coach at Eastern Washington University .
Lowrell Simon ( born March 18 , 1943 , Chicago ) is an American soul singer .
Jason Howland is a musical theatre composer , playwright , conductor , music director , and producer .
Jennifer Donnelly ( born August 16 , 1963 ) is an American writer of young - adult fiction best known for the historical novel A Northern Light .
Bert Lahr , born Irving Lahrheim ( August 13 , 1895 -- December 4 , 1967 ) , was an American iconic actor , particularly of stage and film and comedian .
William Wallace Burns McInnes ( April 8 , 1871 -- August 4 , 1954 ) was a Canadian politician , lawyer and served as the Yukon 's fifth Commissioner .
Peter Askim is an American composer of modern classical music , conductor , music educator and a double bassist .
Naeem Juwan , better known by his stage name Spank Rock , is an American rapper and songwriter from Baltimore .
Murray John Sawchuk ( born November 25 , 1973 , stage name Murray SawChuck ) is a stage illusionist , magician , comedian , actor , and host .
William Stephan Spider Ledesma II ( born April 6 , 1964 ) is an American professional basketball player and the current CEO of the Native American Olympic Team and Buyorsellnetwork.com .
Andrej Kroen was a politician of the late 16th century and early 17th century in Slovenia when the country was under the Holy Roman Empire .
Yutaka Fukumoto ( 福本 豊 , born November 7 , 1947 in Osaka , Osaka ) is a retired Japanese professional baseball player in Nippon Professional Baseball .
William Graves Sharp ( March 14 , 1859 -- November 17 , 1922 ) was an American lawyer , manufacturer , three - term congressman , and diplomat .
J. Roy Helland ( born January 28 , 1943 in Glendale , California ) is a make - up artist .
Theo Kamecke ( born October 18 , 1937 ) is a sculptor , who previously worked as a film director during the 1960s and 1970s .
Jug Suraiya is a prominent Indian journalist , author and columnist .
Tommy Vig ( July 14 , 1938 ) is a jazz vibraharpist , drummer , percussionist , arranger , big band leader , film , television , and classical concert composer , inventor , author , and educator .
Erma Duricko is an American theatre director specializing in new plays and the works of Tennessee Williams .
Herman Watzinger was a Norwegian engineer in the area of cooling technique from NTH ( now NTNU ) in Trondheim and a crewmember on the Kon - Tiki expedition .
Zelma O'Neal ( May 29 , 1903 - November 3 , 1989 ) was an actress , singer , and dancer in the 1920s and 1930s .
Julia Boseman is an American politician and a former Democratic member of the North Carolina Senate .
Ivan Ivanji is a Jewish - Serbian author of many internationally renowned novels .
Mark Gonzales ( born June 1 , 1968 ) , also known as `` Gonz '' and `` The Gonz '' , is an American professional skateboarder and artist .
Jørgen Stubberud ( 17 or 19 April 1883 -- 12 February 1980 ) was a Norwegian polar explorer who participated in the Amundsen Antarctica Expedition between 1910 and 1912 .
Shep Meyers ( October 5 , 1936 - July 18 , 2009 ) was an American pianist , composer , arranger and conductor .
Melinda O'Neal is a conductor of choral music and choral - orchestral music .
Redell Olsen ( born in 1971 ) is a British poet and academic .
Charles David Allis ( born March 22 , 1951 ) is an American molecular biologist , and is currently the Joy and Jack Fishman Professor and Head of the Laboratory of Chromatin Biology and Epigenetics at The Rockefeller University .
Carl Mitcham ( born 1941 ) is a philosopher of technology .
Josh Linkner ( born Joshua M. Linkner , July 28 , 1970 ) is an entrepreneur , keynote speaker , and author .
W Kulabindu Singh ( born June 25 , 1926 ) is an Indian politician from Manipur and is a member of the Janata Dal party .
Veer Pratap Singh is an Indian cricketer who plays first - class cricket for Bengal .
S. P. Muthukumaran was an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Pudukottai constituency .
Paul Glastris is an American journalist and political columnist .
Henry C. Koch ( March 20 , 1841 -- May 19 , 1910 ) was a German - American architect , based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Michael Yellowlees ( born 1959 ) is a former Scottish field hockey player who played for the Scotland national outdoor and indoor teams during the 1980s and early 1990s .
Adriano de Micheli ( born June 20 , 1975 , in Genoa ) is an Italian auto racing driver .
Sean Andrew Faden ( born July 23 , 1973 ) is a computer graphics animator .
Raymond Arrieta ( born March 26 , 1965 ) is a Puerto Rican comedian , actor , singer and philanthropist .
Kolmas , Josef ( 1982 ) Ferdinand Stoliczka ( 1838 - -1874 ) the life and work of the Czech explorer in India and high Asia .
Tim Fain is an American violinist , perhaps best known for his performances in the movie Black Swan and his work with American composer Philip Glass .
Ariel Gore ( born June 25 , 1970 , in Carmel , California ) is a journalist , memoirist , novelist , nonfiction author , and teacher .
Ali Abdoh ( Alan Morgan ) ( Persian : علی عبده‎ ) was an Iranian boxer and founder of Persepolis Athletic and Cultural Club .
Liliana Mayo ( born March 30 , 1952 ) is a Peruvian psychologist and special education teacher .
Shane Endsley is an American trumpeter , drummer , and composer .
Eliza Lanesford Cushing ( October 19 , 1794 -- May 4 , 1886 ) was an American - Canadian dramatist , short story writer , and editor .
Nua Mailo Saoluaga ( born ? ) is an American Samoan politician .
Paul Koering ( born December 17 , 1964 ) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate from Fort Ripley .
Berwick Kaler ( born 1946 ) is a British actor most famous for playing the dame in York Theatre Royal 's annual pantomime , which he also writes and directs .
José María Peralta Lagos ( 1873 - 1944 ) , was a Salvadoran writer , military engineer , and politician .
Saeed Jalili ( Persian : سعید جلیلی‎‎ ; born September 1965 ) is an Iranian conservative politician and diplomat who was secretary of the Supreme National Security Council from 2007 to 2013 .
Tihon Konstantinov ( August 13 , 1898 - -1957 ) was a Moldavian SSR and Moldavian ASSR politician .
Ryuichi Kihara ( 木原 龍一 Kihara Ryūichi , born August 22 , 1992 ) is a Japanese figure skater .
John Vance Cheney ( December 29 , 1848 in Groveland , New York -- May 1 , 1922 ) was an American poet , essayist and librarian .
William Reyna ( born in San Cristóbal ) , better known by his stage name Sensato del Patio or simply Sensato , is a Dominican rapper from the Bronx borough of New York City .
Cris Alexander ( born Alan Smith ; January 14 , 1920 -- March 7 , 2012 ) was an American actor , singer , dancer , designer , and photographer .
Arthur Banfield ( January 28 , 1897 -- January 3 , 1972 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Essex in the 1921 season .
Ria Ritchie ( /riˈɑː/ ree - AH ; born 24 September 1987 ) is an English singer - songwriter and recording artist .
Max Sandvoss ( born Stephen James Sandvoss ; June 23 , 1980 ) is an American former actor .
Sheri Fink is an American journalist who writes about health , medicine and science .
Joseph Aloys Schmittbaur ( also Schmittbauer ; November 8 , 1718 - October 24 , 1809 ) was a German composer , Kapellmeister , instrument maker and music teacher .
Lorraine Pascale ( born 17 November 1972 ) is a British former model and television cook , best known for selling almost one million books in the UK alone .
Joe Dietl is an American actor , writer , director and producer .
Helen Kane ( August 4 , 1904 -- September 26 , 1966 ) was an American popular singer ; her signature song was `` I Wanna Be Loved By You '' .
Athenodoros Cordylion ( or Athenodorus , Ancient Greek : Αθηνόδωρος Κορδυλίων ; fl . early - mid 1st century BC ) was a Stoic philosopher , born in Tarsus .
Leroy F. Greene ( January 31 , 1918 -- September 29 , 2002 ) was a Democratic politician in the State of California .
Mahmuduzzaman is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who made his debut for Khulna Division in 2006/07 , taking 6 wickets in his first season in the first class game .
Alfred Buckham began his career in photography in 1905 and joined the Royal Naval Air Service as a reconnaissance photographer in 1917 .
Roberto Amoroso ( Italian pronunciation : ( roˈbɛrto amoˈroːzo ) ; 1911 - -1994 ) was an Italian screenwriter and film producer .
R. Slater ( full name dates of birth and death unknown ) was an English cricketer .
Prince Alexey Fyodorovich Orlov ( 19 October ( O.S. 8 October ) 1787 -- 21 May 1862 ) was a Russian diplomat , the natural son of Count Fyodor Grigoryevich .
Rhett Reese is an American film producer , television producer and screenwriter .
Thomas Mellon Evans ( September 8 , 1910 -- July 17 , 1997 ) was a financier who was one of the early corporate raiders in American business as well as a philanthropist and a prominent Thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder who won the 1981 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes .
John Speidell ( fl . 1600 - -1634 ) was an English mathematician .
Susannah Cahalan is an American journalist and author , known for writing her memoir , Brain on Fire , about her hospitalization with a rare auto - immune disease , anti - NMDA receptor encephalitis .
Tim Kent is an American painter represented by SLAG Gallery in New York .
Jacob Bitzer ( January 16 , 1865- ) was an American businessman , real estate agent , and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Franz Anton Schiefner ( July 18 , 1817 -- November 16 , 1879 ) was a Baltic German linguist and tibetologist .
Aimee Bender ( born June 28 , 1969 ) is an American novelist and short story writer , known for her surreal plots and characters .
Alan Gilmour is a playwright and librettist .
Marilyn Price - Mitchell ( born March 1 , 1949 ) is an American psychologist , columnist and youth development expert .
In 1985 , Cazuza took part in Rock in Rio with Barão Vermelho ( Red Baron ) , and around this time , Caetano Veloso claimed he was the greatest Brazilian poet of his generation .
Franz Pacher ( born April 28 , 1919 in Prostřední Suchá , present - day Czech Republic ) is an Austrian engineer and pioneer of modern tunneling , who is one of three men notable as the chief developers of the New Austrian Tunneling method .
Pranciškus Baltrus Šivickis ( born September 30 , 1882 , in the Raseiniai region of central Lithuania -- died October 12 , 1968 ) was a Lithuanian zoologist who moved to the United States where he completed his education .
Neako Bailey ( born April 23 , 1986 ) , better known by the stage name Neako is an American rapper , producer and songwriter .
Joe Seneca ( January 14 , 1919 -- August 15 , 1996 ) was an American film and television actor who had a lengthy Hollywood career , portraying bit parts in many major films and television sitcoms spanning from the 1970s to the 1990s .
Doug Cotler is a Grammy Award - winning composer and an accomplished singer , songwriter and musician .
Quintus Aemilius Lepidus ( possibly Quintus Aemilius Lepidus Barbula ) ( fl . 1st century BC ) was a Roman senator and military officer who was appointed Roman consul in 21 BC .
J.D. Malone officially started his career as a singer / songwriter , getting involved with the local music scene of the Philadelphia area in the early 1990s .
Mikkel Thorup ( born 1965 ) is a Danish computer scientist jointly affiliated at AT&T Labs in Florham Park , New Jersey , USA and at Copenhagen University .
Sanjib Chandra Chattopadhyay ( Bengali : সঞ্জীবচন্দ্র চট্টোপাধ্যায় Sanjeeb Chôndro Chôţţopaddhae ) ( 27 June 1838 -- 8 April 1894 ) was a Bengali writer , poet and journalist .
Henry Eichheim ( January 3 , 1870 -- August 22 , 1942 ) was an American composer , conductor , violinist , organologist , and ethnomusicologist .
Phyllis O'Donnell ( born 1937 ) is an Australian surfer who became the first Women 's World Surfing Champion .
Joshua Knobe is an experimental philosopher , whose work ranges across issues in philosophy of mind and action and ethics .
Silvia Moos is a biochemist and the founder of Centralab and Klik .
James R. Powell is an American physicist notable -- together with Dr. Gordon Danby -- for his work on superconducting Maglev , for which he shared the Franklin Institute `` Medal 2000 for Engineering '' .
Petra Tierlich , born 25 Feb 1945 , is an East German luger who competed in the 1960s .
Rory Uphold is a Canadian - American singer - songwriter and producer .
Carole J. Olshavsky , FAIA , an American architect .
Alexis Kagame ( May 15 , 1912 -- December 2 , 1981 ) was a Rwandan philosopher , linguist , historian , poet and Catholic priest .
Liu Chao - shiuan ( Chinese : 劉兆玄 ; pinyin : Liú Zhàoxuán ; born May 10 , 1943 ) is a Taiwanese educator and politician .
Azad Bonni , MD , PhD is a Canadian and American neuroscientist of Kurdish origin .
Matt Reaves ( born May 31 , 1984 ) is an American actor , producer , journalist and manager .
Willa Kim ( Korean:김월라 ; Hanja:金月羅 ) is an American costume designer for stage , dance , and film .
Frédéric Dorion ( August 23 , 1898 -- July 15 , 1981 ) was a Quebec politician and chief justice .
Andreas Stefanopoulos ( Greek : Ανδρέας Στεφανόπουλος , 1860 - -1938 ) was a Greek politician .
Bailey De Young ( née Buntain ; September 16 , 1989 ) is an American actress and dancer most well known for playing the characters Ginny Thompson on Bunheads and Lauren Cooper on Faking It .
John Brady Kiesling is a former U.S. diplomat and the author of `` Diplomacy Lessons :
Michel Després ( born October 14 , 1957 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is an administrator , consultant and a former Quebec politician .
Silas Wright , Jr. ( May 24 , 1795 -- August 27 , 1847 ) was an American Democratic politician , a member of the Albany Regency .
Humphrey Waldock served as the British judge in the European Court of Human Rights from 1966 until 1974 and in the International Court of Justice from 1973 until 1981 .
Dr. Christine Adjobi is an Ivorian politician and physician .
Nadia Gamal ( Arabic : نادية جمال‎ ) was an Egyptian dancer and actress .
Noam Jenkins is a Canadian actor , voice actor , and television director .
Julian House is a graphic designer , a musician , and the co - owner of the Ghost Box record label .
Shelley - Ann Brown ( born March 15 , 1980 ) was a Canadian bobsledder who has competed since 2006 .
Bev Pegg is a UK vocalist , guitarist and comedian from the Black Country .
Mel Bartels ( born 1954 ) is an amateur astronomer after whom the asteroid 17823 Bartels was named .
Richard L. Samuels ( born August 13 , 1926 - died April 14 , 2001 in Flossmoor ) was a Cook County Circuit judge at the Sixth Municipal District Courthouse in Markham , Illinois for nearly 30 years .
Josh Werner ( born September 17 , 1974 ) is an American bassist , producer and songwriter .
Ozil de Cadartz was a troubadour known for only one surviving canso , `` Assatz es dregz , pos jois no.m pot venir '' .
Timofei Fedorovic Osipovsky ( February 2 , 1766 -- June 24 , 1832 ) was a Russian mathematician , physicist , astronomer , and philosopher .
Jean - Louis Gergorin is a former French diplomat and former executive vice president of EADS -- the giant European aerospace company that controls Airbus .
Richard Teitelbaum ( born May 19 , 1939 ) is an American composer , keyboardist , and improvisor .
Mike Sacks is an American author , humor writer , and magazine editor based in New York City .
Benjamin Kendall Emerson ( December 20 , 1843 -- April 7 , 1932 ) was an American geologist and author .
Ally Burguieres ( born November 21 , 1982 ) is a New Orleans - based American visual artist and writer .
Milan Jurčo ( born September 14 , 1957 in Liptovský Mikuláš ) was a Czechoslovak professional road bicycle racer .
Uladislau Herculano de Freitas Guimarães ( Arroio Grande , November 25 , 1865 - Rio de Janeiro , May 14 , 1926 ) was a Brazilian politician and an advocate .
Jessica White ( born June 21 , 1984 ) is an American model and occasional actress .
Herbert Wernicke ( March 24 , 1946 -- April 16 , 2002 ) was a German opera director and a set and costume designer .
Kim Chan ( December 28 , 1917 -- October 5 , 2008 ) , also known as Kim S. Chan , was a Chinese - American actor and producer .
Edgar Nelson Transeau ( 1875 - 1960 ) was an American botanist and phycologist who served as president of the Botanical Society of America and the Ecological Society of America .
Ron Rose ( born September 4 , 1944 in Vancouver , Washington ) is an American poker player from Dayton , Ohio , and a two time World Poker Tour ( WPT ) Champion with a World Series of Poker bracelet .
François Poeydebasque was a rugby union player , who represented France .
Carlos Sandoval Mendoza ( born 1956 , Mexico City ) Is a Mexican / German freelance composer and multimedia artist mostly recognized for his work joining technology , nature and art .
Paul Osborn ( September 4 , 1901 -- May 12 , 1988 ) was an American playwright and screenwriter best known for writing the screen adaptation of East of Eden as well as South Pacific , The Yearling , The World of Suzie Wong and Sayonara .
Eoghan Grace is a rugby union player for Plymouth Albion .
Mylon Watkins is a former boxer in the Junior middleweight division .
Mike Moyle ( born December 7 , 1964 ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Idaho House of Representatives since 1998 in the District 14 A seat .
Cheng Wai ( simplified Chinese : 郑慧 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭慧 ; pinyin : Zhèng Huì ) is a Hong Kong classical pianist .
Tokuro Fujiwara ( 藤原 得郎 Fujiwara Tokurō ) , sometime credited as Professor F or Arthur King , is a Japanese video game designer , best known for creating Ghosts ' n Goblins and producing the Mega Man series .
Kimya Dawson ( born November 17 , 1972 ) is an American singer - songwriter , best known as a solo performer and as one half of The Moldy Peaches .
Tofig Gasimov Masim oglu ( Azerbaijani : Tofiq Qasımov Məsim oğlu ; born April 10 , 1938 ) is a retired Azerbaijani politician and diplomat .
Sebastiaan Verschuren ( born 7 October 1988 ) is a Dutch competitive swimmer who specializes in short and middle - distance freestyle events .
Paul Rein ( born Pauli Kaj Olavi Reinikainen , May 20 , 1965 ) is a leading Swedish songwriter based in Stockholm .
Thomas Diflo , M.D. , F.A.C.S. is a transplant surgeon and Professor of Surgery at Westchester Medical Center .
Józef Cyrankiewicz ( ˈjuzɛf t͡sɨranˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ ) ( April 23 , 1911 -- January 20 , 1989 ) was a Polish Socialist and after 1948 Communist politician .
Robert Hermes , DVM , Ph . D.(born November 15 , 1969 in Celle , Germany ) is a veterinarian researcher at The Leibniz - Institute of Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin .
Karl Fürstner ( June 7 , 1848 - April 25 , 1906 ) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist born in Strasburg , Uckermark .
Paul Heussenstamm is a painter and lecturer from the United States .
Chetan Chandra ( Kannada : ಚೇತನ್ ಚಂದ್ರ ) ( born 10 April ) is an Indian film actor working in Kannada film industry .
Jade Anderson ( born May 26 , 1980 ) is a singer / songwriter living in Los Angeles .
Peter Gellhorn ( October 24 , 1912 -- February 13 , 2004 ) was a German conductor , composer , pianist and teacher who settled in London and made a career in Britain that lasted unbroken until his death .
Eleni Vitali ( Ελένη Βιτάλη ) is a Greek popular singer and composer the last 30 years .
Brett McDermott is an English mixed martial artist and retired professional rugby league player who represented for Ireland , and at club level for all the Cumbrian clubs , in particular Barrow Raiders .
Karan Oberoi is an Indian television actor , anchor and singer , who acts in Hindi TV serials and TV commercials , and the TV series Jassi Jaisi Koi Nahin ( 2003 - -2006 ) .
Ken Billington ( born October 29 , 1946 ) is an American lighting designer .
Lindsey Pollard is an animator from Victoria , British Columbia , Canada , now residing in Los Angeles , California .
Osher Zilberstein ( 1888 - -1973 ) , a noted Torah scholar , was a tenth generation rabbi from Mezritch , Wolyn .
Chad Leonhardt ( born February 19 , 1980 ) is an American mixed martial artist who fought for Strikeforce and Bellator Fighting Championships .
Torsten Krol is an Australian writer resident in Queensland .
Michelle Clark - Heard ( born July 27 , 1968 ) is the current head coach for the Western Kentucky University women 's basketball team .
Charles D. Conover ( March 21 , 1881 -- July 27 , 1937 ) was a Republican politician in the U.S. state of Ohio who was Speaker of the Ohio House of Representatives 1915 - 1916 .
Stuart Linder is a Beverly Hills , CA plastic surgeon best known for his appearances on several reality and news television shows .
John Dominis ( June 27 , 1921 -- December 30 , 2013 ) was an American documentary photographer , war photographer and photojournalist .
Carlton Moss ( February 14 , 1909 in Newark , New Jersey -- August 10 , 1997 ) was an African - American screenwriter , actor and film director .
Allen Munroe ( March 10 , 1819 -- October 6 , 1884 ) was an American merchant , manufacturer , banker and politician from New York .
Aris Pavlis ( Greek:Αριστειδης Παυλης ) ( born February 23 , 1959 in Athens ) is a jazz - rock musician , songwriter , composer - arranger .
Bernhard Eichhorn ( 1904 - -1980 ) was a German composer who produced a number of film scores .
Norman McLeod Paterson , D.C.L. , LL.D. , K.G St. J. ( August 3 , 1883 -- August 10 , 1983 ) was a Canadian businessman and politician .
Antanas Škėma ( Lithuanian pronunciation : ( ɐnˈtaːnɐs ˈʂkʲeːmɐ ) ; November 29 , 1910 -- August 11 , 1961 ) was a Lithuanian writer , stage actor and director .
Keça Kurd ( 1948 ) is a contemporary Kurdish writer , poet , linguist and translator .
John Leonard Riddell ( February 20 , 1807 -- October 7 , 1865 ) was a science lecturer , botanist , geologist , medical doctor , chemist , microscopist , numismatist , politician , and science fiction author in the United States .
Hannah M. Jones is an artist and musician from Athens , Georgia .
Alphonso Johnson ( born February 2 , 1951 ) is an American jazz bassist , who has been influential since the early 1970s .
Yves Chauvin ( French : ( ʃɔvɛ̃ ) ; October 10 , 1930 -- January 27 , 2015 ) was a French chemist and Nobel Prize laureate .
Anthony Mandler ( born April 18 , 1973 ) is an American film director , music video director , television commercial director and photographer .
Ludwig Merwart ( September 1 , 1913 -- July 13 , 1979 ) was an influential Austrian painter and graphic artist .
Dan Seymour ( February 22 , 1915 -- May 25 , 1993 ) was an American character actor who frequently played villains in Warner Bros. films .
Ana Bebić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( âna bɛ̌ːbit͡ɕ ) ) ( born May 7 , 1986 ) is Croatian singer , who participated in television shows such as Hrvatski Idol , Ne zaboravi stihove ! , and finally Operacija trijumf , which was shown in five countries .
Edmond Thibaudeau , also known as L'Orignal à Thibaudeau , was a local politician in Shawinigan , Quebec .
Louis Baunard was a rector of the Catholic University of Lille and historian .
Tina Tyus - Shaw ( born in Griffin , Georgia ) is a television news anchor and journalist at WSAV - TV in Savannah , Georgia .
Gavin Baddeley is an ordained Reverend in the Church of Satan , and an experienced journalist who has worked for The Observer and Metal Hammer .
Andrew Form is an American film producer , best known for producing the films like Friday the 13th , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , and The Purge .
Thomas E. Crow ( born 1948 ) is an American art historian and art critic who is best known for his influential writing on the role of art in modern society and culture .
Charles Urban ( April 15 , 1867 -- August 29 , 1942 ) was an Anglo - American film producer and distributor , and one of the most significant figures in British cinema before the First World War .
Carl Leverkus ( November 5 , 1804 - February 4 , 1889 ) was a German chemist and chemistry entrepreneur .
Nick Cooper ( born May 27 , 1968 ) is an American drummer , record producer and composer best known for his work with Free Radicals .
Kurt Steyrer ( June 3 , 1920 - -July 16 , 2007 ) was an Austrian politician , health minister and Social Democratic Party presidential candidate .
Farrah Yousef ( Arabic : فرح يوسف‎ ) ( born July 20 , 1989 ) is a Syrian singer who was the first runner - up on the second season of the television program Arab Idol in 2013 .
Sarah Hall Boardman ( November 4 , 1803 -- September 1 , 1845 ) , born in Alstead , New Hampshire , spent 20 years of her life in Burma ( now known as Myanmar ) doing missionary work .
Tsai Min - you ( born 12 November 1986 ) , better known as Evan Yo , is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer - songwriter .
Anastazy Wilhelm Dreszer ( April 28 , 1845 -- June 2 , 1907 ) was a Polish pianist , composer , and educator .
Jennifer Young ( born August 21 , 1969 ) is an American film producer and photographer .
Mysore Vasudevachar ( Kannada : ಮೈಸೂರು ವಾಸುದೇವಾಚಾರ್ ) ( May 28 , 1865 -- May 17 , 1961 ) was an Indian musician and composer of Carnatic music compositions who belonged to the direct line of Thyagaraja 's disciples .
Andy Hollingworth is a British photographer , renowned for his portraits of figures from the world of comedy .
Toni Press - Coffman is an American playwright , living and working in Tucson , Arizona .
Dane Witherspoon ( December 27 , 1957 -- March 29 , 2014 ) was an American actor who appeared in such daytime TV soap operas as Santa Barbara as Joe Perkins in 1984 , and Capitol as Tyler McCandless from 1985 to 1986 .
Andi Gladwin ( May 10 , 1983 ) is a professional British close - up magician , lecturer , publisher and performer .
Helen Baylor ( born January 8 , 1953 as Helen LaRue Lowe ) is an American gospel singer .
Elmer Figueroa Arce ( born June 28 , 1968 ) , better known under the stage name Chayanne , is a Puerto Rican Latin pop singer , actor and composer .
PT Walkley is a New York City - based singer / songwriter and composer for film and television .
Christy Sutherland ( born April 9 , 1976 ) is a Nashville country music and praise / worship singer - songwriter .
Vilhelm Klein ( 1835 - -1913 ) was a Danish architect who adopted the Historicist approach , frequently emulating the so - called Rosenborg style and the Italian Renaissance style .
Peter Hager II ( November 20 , 1784 -- January 26 , 1854 in Hector , then in Tompkins Co. , now in Schuyler County , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Beenish Chohan ( also spelled as Beenish Chauhan ) ( Urdu : بینش چوہان‎ ) is a Pakistani television actress and model .
Vasilije Đerić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Василије Ђерић , 1867 - -1931 ) was a Serbian historian and ethnographer .
Julius Caesar Scaliger ( /ˈskælədʒər/ ; April 23 , 1484 -- October 21 , 1558 ) , or Giulio Cesare della Scala , was an Italian scholar and physician , who spent a major part of his career in France .
Hussein Naim is a Lebanese - Swiss biochemist and molecular virologist , known for his research in cell biology ( membrane protein sorting and internalization ) and virology ( measles , SARS , HIV and Influenza ) .
Beyoncé Giselle Knowles - Carter ( /biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee - YON - say ) ( born September 4 , 1981 ) is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and actress .
Geronimo Bruni , an Italian painter and etcher known for battle scenes , was a pupil of Jacques Courtois .
Coco Love Alcorn is a Canadian pop and jazz singer .
Margaret Martonosi is an American computer scientist noted for her research in computer architecture and mobile computing with a particular focus on power - efficiency .
Barbara Montgomery ( born June 25 , 1939 ) is an American stage , television and film actress , and theatrical and film director .
Michael Breckenridge is an actor , musician , journalist and artist .
Bob Lind ( born Robert Neale Lind , November 25 , 1942 , Baltimore , Maryland , United States ) is an American folk music singer - songwriter , who helped define the 1960s folk rock movement in America and England .
René Enríquez ( November 24 , 1933 -- March 23 , 1990 ) was a Nicaraguan - born American television actor of the 1970s and 1980s .
Albert William Baker ( May 4 , 1918 -- March 6 , 2008 ) was a Canadian aviator and aeronautical engineer .
Stephanie Doyon ( born Maine ) is a critically acclaimed American novelist best known for her award winning novel , The Greatest Man in Cedar Hole .
Mark Rappaport is an American independent / underground film director who has been working sporadically since the early 1970s .
Lala Hsu ( traditional Chinese : 徐佳瑩 ; simplified Chinese : 徐佳莹 ; pinyin : Xú JiāYíng ) , born December 20 , 1984 , is a Taiwanese singer - songwriter .
Yiin Chii - ming ( Chinese : 尹啟銘 ; pinyin : Yǐn Qǐmíng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Deepraj Rana ( also Deepraz Rana or Deep Raj Rana ) is an Indian film and television actor .
Allyn Abbott Young ( September 19 , 1876 -- March 7 , 1929 ) was a celebrated American economist .
Gary Stix is a journalist and author .
Fred R. Archer ( 1889 -- April 27 , 1963 ) , was an American photographer who collaborated with Ansel Adams to create the Zone System .
Sandra Yaxley , OAM is an cerebral palsy Australian Paralympic swimmer .
Arthur S. Obermayer ( July 17 , 1931 -- January 10 , 2016 ) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist .
Lewis J. Rachmil ( July 3 , 1908 -- February 19 , 1984 ) was an American film producer and art director .
At the time of the exhibition , `` The Amasis Painter and His World '' ( 1985 ) , 132 vases had been attributed to this artist .
Sijue Wu ( Chinese : 邬似珏 ; pinyin : Wū Sìjué ; born May 15 , 1964 ) is a Chinese - American mathematician who works as the Robert W. and Lynne H. Browne Professor of Mathematics at the University of Michigan .
Surendra Kumar Kataria is a former basketball player from India who represented India at many international competitions .
Barry Primus ( born February 16 , 1938 ) is an American television and film actor , director , and writer .
Caryl Mack Parker ( born in Abilene , Texas ) is an American americana music singer - songwriter .
Rauf Klasra ( Urdu : رؤف کلاسرا‎ ) is a Pakistani journalist and Urdu language columnist .
Tommy James ( born Thomas Gregory Jackson ; April 29 , 1947 ) is an American pop - rock musician , singer , songwriter , and record producer , widely known as leader of the 1960s rock band Tommy James and the Shondells .
Michael Somos is an American mathematician , currently a visiting scholar in Georgetown University .
Mary Elizabeth Atkins ( born in London ) was an English painter of landscape , interiors and flowers .
Tommy Engel ( German pronunciation : ( ˈtʰɔmɪː ˈʔɛŋəl ) , Colognian ( Kölsch ) pronunciation : ( ˈtɔmɪˑˌʔɛŋɫ ) ) ( born 1949 ) is a German musician and actor .
Roland J. Teske , S.J. ( October 29 , 1934 - May 18 , 2015 ) was a Roman Catholic priest member of the Jesuit order .
Francisca Allard is the lead singer and a composer for the parang group known as Los Dinamicos .
Penny Hammel ( born March 24 , 1962 ) is an American professional golfer , who joined the LPGA Tour in 1985 .
Franklin D. Hale ( March 7 , 1854 -- April 21 , 1940 ) was a Vermont politician who served as State Auditor and want on to a career as a diplomat .
John Herbers ( born November 4 , 1923 ) is an American journalist , author , editor , World War II veteran , and Pulitzer Prize finalist .
Arthur Hoops ( 1870 -- September 17 , 1916 ) was an American stage and screen actor primarily associated with actor James K. Hackett .
Macario Schettino is a Mexican economist and political analyst , who calls himself `` dedicated to the analysis of reality . ''
Jorge Siddhartha Gonzalez Ibarra ( Guadalajara , Jalisco ) , better known as Siddhartha , is a soloist rock musician based in Mexico .
Sir Edward Hastings ( died 1603 ) , was an English politician .
Aven Nelson ( March 24 , 1859 - March 31 , 1952 ) was an American botanist who specialized in plants of the Rocky Mountains .
Janet Elizabeth Dyer is an American author and business journalist .
Kris Steele ( born July 11 , 1973 ) is a United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma who served as state representative .
Eddie Kaye Thomas ( born October 31 , 1980 ) is an American film , television , and stage actor and comedian who rose to prominence as Paul Finch in the American Pie film series .
Irruppam Veedu Sasidaran , better known as I. V. Sasi , is an Indian film director who has made over 150 Indian films in various languages and genres .
Don Myrick ( April 6 , 1940 -- July 30 , 1993 ) was a saxophonist .
Richard Doell ( 1923 -- March 6 , 2008 ) was a distinguished American scientist known for developing the time scale for geomagnetic reversals with Allan V. Cox and Brent Dalrymple .
Maestro Gandolfino ( Master Gandolfino ) or Gandolfino d'Asti ( documented last decade of 15th - century ) was an Italian painter active in the Piedmont .
Frank Alexander Wetmore ( June 18 , 1886 -- December 7 , 1978 ) was an American ornithologist and avian paleontologist .
Yasushi Akashi ( 明石 康 Akashi Yasushi , born January 19 , 1931 in Hinai , Akita Prefecture ) is a senior Japanese diplomat and United Nations administrator .
Erin Popovich ( born June 29 , 1985 ) is a three - time United States Paralympic swimmer .
Victor Parsonnet , MD , Professor Emeritus , ( born August 29 , 1924 ) is an American cardiac surgeon who contributed significantly to the evolution of cardiac pacemaking .
Toby Price is an Australian off - road motorcycle racer .
Jonathan Kuck ( born March 14 , 1990 ) is an American speed skater and silver medalist in the Winter Olympics .
Aenne Biermann ( March 8 , 1898 - January 14 , 1933 ) , born Anna Sibilla Sternfeld , was a German photographer of Ashkenazi origin .
Wang Yiguang ( Chinese : 王沂光 ; Pinyin : Wáng Yíguāng ) is a modern Chinese painter notable for his Tibetan paintings of flying people , yaks and sheep .
Marianne Skarpnord ( born 11 February 1986 ) is a Norwegian professional golfer playing on the Ladies European Tour and the LPGA Tour .
Leverett B. Englesby ( February 20 , 1827 - January 27 , 1881 ) was a Vermont lawyer and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate .
Mayavanathan ( Tamil : மாயவநாதன் ) was a Tamil poet and lyricist , one of the greatest but unidentified poet in Tamil Cinema .
Phuntsok Wangyal Goranangpa ( January 2 , 1922 -- March 30 , 2014 ) , also known as Phuntsog Wangyal , Bapa Phuntsok Wangyal or Phünwang , was a Tibetan politician .
John Reade ( November 13 , 1837 -- March 26 , 1919 ) was an Irish - born Canadian journalist , essayist , and poet once considered `` the grand old man of Canadian letters . ''
Bernard MacLaverty is a writer of fiction .
Christopher Hoag is a composer best known for his original work on House .
Ray Farrell is a Northern Irish darts player who currently plays for the Professional Darts Corporation .
Timothy Tackett ( born 1945 ) is an American historian specializing in the French Revolution and professor emeritus at the University of California .
Eledath Thaikkattu Narayanan Mooss a.k.a . E. T. Narayanan Mooss is an Ayurvedic physician and the Chief Physician and Managing Partner of Vaidyaratnam Oushadhasala .
Orit Wolf ( Hebrew : אורית וולף‎ , born 1974 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli pianist and composer .
Wolf Muser ( born October 23 , 1950 ) is a German actor most notably recognized for his role as Marcello Armonti on NBC 's soap opera Santa Barbara .
Joyce Currie Little is a computer scientist , engineer , and educator .
Soekarno M. Noor ( Perfected Spelling : Sukarno M. Noor ; September 13 , 1931 -- July 26 , 1986 ) was an Indonesian actor and film producer .
Julius Marshuetz Mayer ( September 5 , 1865 New York City -- November 20 , 1925 New York City ) was an American lawyer , politician , and judge .
William Myron Keck ( April 27 , 1880 -- August 20 , 1964 ) was an American oil entrepreneur and philanthropist who is now best known for giving his name to the W. M. Keck Foundation , one of the largest philanthropic foundations in the United States .
Mary Waters was a native of Dublin who was a prominent nurse in the United States forces during the American Revolutionary War .
Ruth Rasnic ( Hebrew : רות רזניק , b. 1932 ) is an Israeli social and political activist , a pioneer in the struggle against domestic violence in Israel , a writer and a translator .
Amit Trivedi is an Indian film composer , musician , singer and lyricist , working in Bollywood .
Shraga Weinberg ( born March 25 , 1966 in Petach Tiqva ) is an Israeli wheelchair tennis player .
Madog ap Gwallter ( fl c. 1250 ) was a medieval Welsh language poet .
Francis William Lawvere ( /ˈlɔːvɪər/ ; born February 9 , 1937 ) is a mathematician known for his work in category theory , topos theory and the philosophy of mathematics .
Ronald L. Baker ( born June 30 , 1937 , in Indianapolis , Indiana ) is an American folklorist , historian , scholar of literature and onomastics , educator , and author .
Oswald Helmuth Göhring ( 1889 - 1915 ? ) was a German chemist who , with his teacher Kasimir Fajans , co - discovered the chemical element protactinium in 1913 .
Pål Gunnar Mikkelsplass ( born April 29 , 1961 ) is a former Norwegian cross - country skier who competed from 1981 to 1997 .
Mike Hoover is an American mountaineer , rock climber and cinematographer .
Simon Britton is an English record producer , songwriter and actor .
Karen Cashman ( born December 15 , 1971 ) is an American short track speed skater .
Goapele ( pronounced /ˈɡwɑː.pə.leɪ/ ; born Goapele Mohlabane July 11 , 1977 ) , is an American soul and R&B singer - songwriter .
Salu Hunkin - Finau , Ed . D , ( born ? ) is an American Samoan educator , politician , and academic administrator .
Abdiweli Mohamed Ali ( Somali : Cabdiweli Maxamed Cali pronounced ( ʕɑbdɪwɛli mɑħɑmɛd ʕɑli ) ; Arabic : عبدالولي محمد علي‎ ; English pronunciation ) , also known as Abdiweli Mohamed Ali Gas , is a Somali American economist , professor and politician .
Michael Sucsy ( born February 14 , 1973 ) is a Golden Globe and Emmy Award winning film director , screenwriter , and producer .
Tucker Smallwood ( born February 22 , 1944 ) is an American actor , author and vocalist .
Anthony Leeds ( January 26 , 1925 -- February 20 , 1989 ) was an anthropologist best known for his work in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro and on urban - rural relations in Brazil .
William Van Horn ( born February 15 , 1939 ) has been a Disney comics artist and writer since 1988 .
Jerry Jaye ( born October 19 , 1937 in Manila , Arkansas ) is an American country / rockabilly singer .
Sir John Beckett , 2nd Baronet , FRS ( 17 May 1775 -- 31 May 1847 ) was a British lawyer and Tory politician .
Jolene Unsoeld ( born December 3 , 1931 ) is an American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1989 to 1995 .
Gunjan Bagla is an Indian - American author , blogger , businessman , and public speaker .
Harry Livingston French ( November 21 , 1871 -- January 16 , 1928 ) was an American architect of the Beaux Arts style .
Victor Lupo Puiu ( born February 1 , 1979 ) is a Romanian professional boxer living and fighting out of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Theophanes of Byzantium ( Greek : Θεόφανης ; fl . 6th century ) was a Byzantine historian .
Lindsay McCaul Mattingly ( born March 7 , 1984 née , Pritchett in Abilene , Texas ) is an American contemporary Christian singer - songwriter raised in Merritt Island , Florida .
Prys Morgan FRHistS FSA FLSW ( born 1937 ) is a Welsh historian .
George T. Heery , FAIA RIBA FCMAA ( born June 18 , 1927 ) is an American architect and known for developing the concepts of Construction Program Management , Strategic Facilities Planning and the Bridging Method of project delivery .
Dan McCormack ( born January 22 , 1944 in Chicago , IL ) is a photographer and professor at Marist College in NY , where he heads the photography program .
Quintus Mamilius Vitulus was a Roman politician of the third century BC . He was brother of Lucius Mamilius Vitulus , consul in 265 BC . According to tradition , his family , plebeian , was a native of the princely family of Tusculum .
Foster Brooks ( May 11 , 1912 -- December 20 , 2001 ) was an American actor and comedian most famous for his portrayal of a lovable drunken man in nightclub performances and television programs .
Cody Chupp ( born March 17 , 1985 ) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Wheeling Nailers of the ECHL .
Edoardo Ballerini ( born March 20 , 1970 ) is an actor , writer , director and film producer .
Simon Lunceford ( died c.1390 ) , of Rye , Sussex and New Romney , Kent , was an English politician .
Taylor Gold ( born November 17 , 1993 ) is an American Olympian snowboarder .
Teemu Metso ( born August 23 , 1985 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who played with Kärpät in the SM - liiga during the 2010 - 11 season .
Mykola Marchenko ( 20 Sept. 1943 ) - sculptor , a representative of realism in Ukrainian art of the 20th - 21st centuries .
Jerry Hunt ( November 30 , 1943 in Waco , Texas -- November 27 , 1993 in Canton , Texas ) was an American composer who created works using live electronics partly controlled by his ritualistic performance techniques which were influenced by his interest in the occult .
Sinan Çetin ( born March 1 , 1953 ) is a Turkish actor , film director , and producer .
Joseph Curtis `` Joe '' Hennig ( born October 1 , 1979 ) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE , where he performs under the ring name Curtis Axel .
Biswamoy Biswas ( June 2 , 1923 -- August 10 , 1994 ) was an Indian ornithologist who was born in Calcutta , the son of a professor of Geology .
Zhou Zhimian ( Chinese : 周之冕 ) , courtesy name as Fuqin , sobriquet as Shaogu , is a noted Chinese painter in Ming Dynasty .
Vidkid Timo ( born Timothy Paul Ritchie on April 21 , 1968 ) is an award - winning American actor , award - nominated film writer , producer , and director of mostly , but not exclusively , adult and erotic films .
Veronica Varlow is a burlesque dancer , pin - up model , actress , producer , and performance artist based in Brooklyn , New York .
Val McDermid , a Scottish crime writer has once said that `` Anne Holt is the latest crime writer to reveal how truly dark it gets in Scandinavia .
Carl Johannes With ( December 11 , 1877 -- June 16 , 1923 ) was a Danish doctor and arachnologist , specialising in pseudoscorpions and mites .
Lieutenant - Colonel Vincent Crane Richmond OBE B.Sc . , A.R.C. F.R.Ae . S. ( 1893 - -1930 ) was an English engineer and airship designer .
The Affecter ( or Affected Painter ) was an Attic black - figure vase painter , active in Athens around 550 to 530 BCE .
Clarence Burton ( May 10 , 1882 , in Fort Lyon , in Benton County , Missouri -- December 2 , 1933 , in Hollywood , California ) was an American silent film actor .
Robert Morris Montgomery ( May 12 , 1849 - June 27 , 1920 ) was a Justice of the Michigan Supreme Court , and a judge of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals .
Xu Zhiyong ( Chinese : 许志永 ; pinyin : Xǔ Zhìyǒng ; born 1973 ) is a Chinese civil rights activist and formerly a lecturer at the Beijing University of Post and Telecommunications .
Roy Heinrich , born Elroy Paul Heinrich , Jr. , July 31 , 1953 , is a country music singer and songwriter born in Houston , Texas .
Carl Gustav Berg - Jæger ( 31 December 1884 -- 1957 ) was a Norwegian journalist , actor , cultural director and Nazi collaborator .
Mazen al - Tumeizi ( Arabic : مازن الطميزي‎ also transliterated Mazen Tumesi , c. 1978 -- September 12 , 2004 ) was a Palestinian journalist , killed on - camera in Baghdad , Iraq by U.S. helicopter gunfire while covering the Haifa Street helicopter incident .
Helen Bianchin ( born 20 February in New Zealand ) is a popular Australian writer of over 50 romance novels in Mills & Boon since 1975 .
Jules Bonnot ( October 14 , 1876 -- April 28 , 1912 ) was a French illegalist famous for his involvement in a criminal anarchist organization dubbed `` The Bonnot Gang '' by the French press .
Dr Nenad Popović , Ph . D ( born 1966 ) , is a Serbian politician and businessman .
Don Mancini ( born January 25 , 1963 ) is an American screenwriter , producer , and film director .
George Buza ( born January 7 , 1949 ) is an American - born Canadian actor who is best known for voicing Beast in the X - Men Animated Series .
Roger Honyton , of Goudhurst , Kent and Little Horsted , Sussex , was an English politician .
Louise Ørnstedt ( born March 23 , 1985 ) was a Danish backstroke swimmer who competed at the 2000 and 2004 Olympics .
Ralph Lewin ( born May 21 , 1953 ) is a Swiss politician and the former president of the Cantonal Executive of the Canton of Basel - City since 2004 .
Valentine Williams ( born George Valentine Williams , 1883 - -1946 ) was a journalist and writer of popular fiction .
Larry Lisciotti ( born Manchester , Connecticut , U.S. ; died February 9 , 2004 ) was an American professional pool player and notable road hustler , nicknamed `` the Prince of Pool '' .
Zohar Sharon ( Hebrew : זוהר שרון‎ ) is a blind Israeli golfer who has won titles in Israel as well as Europe .
Linda Connor ( born November 18 , 1944 ) is an American photographer who photographs spiritual and exotic locations including India , Mexico , Thailand , Ireland , Peru , Nepal , photographs appear in a number of books , including Spiral Journey , a catalog of her exhibition at the Museum of Contemporary Photography in 1990 .
Roberto Font ( October 21 , 1904 -- June , 1981 ) was a Mexican film actor who settled and worked in Spain .
Les James was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League .
Trish Kissiar - Knight is a former head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders volleyball team .
Scymnus of Chios ( Greek : Σκύμνος ὁ Xῖος ; fl . c. 185 BC ) was a Greek geographer .
Sangili Murugan is a Tamil film actor , script writer and producer .
Saint Natale is held to have escaped the massacre and to have become priest of the church which was newly dedicated to Evasius and in which his remains were sepulchred .
Dr. Abdelgelil Mostafa is an Egyptian cardiologist and a political activist .
Alexandre Ramos Samuel , nickname Tande , ( born March 20 , 1970 ) is a former Brazilian volleyball player .
Willie Akins ( April 10 , 1939 -- October 2 , 2015 ) was an African American jazz musician .
He has two sisters , Sarina and Silvia Campbell Quiroz , and one son , Federico Campbell Peña , who is also a writer and a journalist .
Dean Aspen is an English actor known for playing Duncan Button in Hollyoaks .
Michelle Shaprow ( SHAP - row ) is an American singer and songwriter .
Kristián Kováč ( born January 1 , 1981 ) is a Slovak former professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga .
Sebastian Jacome , better known as Sebastian J. , is a record producer , composer and songwriter who resides in Los Angeles , California .
Jack Russell Weinstein is an American philosopher specializing in the history of philosophy , political philosophy , Adam Smith , and contemporary liberal theory .
Sir Elias de Asshebournham ( died after 1353 ) was an Irish judge who held the office of Lord Chief Justice of Ireland , and fought a long battle with his rival Thomas Louth to retain it .
Alexandre Hogue ( February 22 , 1898 -- July 22 , 1994 ) was an American artist active during the 1930s through the 1960s .
Joe Cheves ( May 23 , 1918 -- July 31 , 2007 ) was an American professional golfer and co - founder of the American Golf Association .
Wah Wah Win Shwe we d Than Htut , an actor , in 1971 .
Frank Wilkeson ( March 8 , 1848 -- April 22 , 1913 ) was an American journalist , soldier , farmer and explorer .
Nicolas Rashevsky ( November 9 , 1899 -- January 16 , 1972 ) was an American theoretical physicist who pioneered mathematical biology , and is also considered the father of mathematical biophysics and theoretical biology .
Hayden Christensen ( born April 19 , 1981 ) is a Canadian - American actor and producer .
Sridhar V. Sambhram ( mostly credited as V. Sridhar ) is an Indian film score and soundtrack composer and lyricist in the Kannada film industry .
Marco Berlinghieri ( fl . 1232 - -1255 ) was an Italian medieval miniature painter and book illuminator who executed an illuminated Bible , finished in 1250 .
Publius Valerius Cato ( flourished 1st century BC ) was a grammarian and poet of the Roman Republic .
José Álvaro Osorio Balvin ( born May 7 , 1985 ) , known artistically as J Balvin , is a Colombian reggaeton singer .
Arne Ragnar Enge is a Brazilian doctor , journalist , athlete and physical education teacher .
Johan Petter Johansson ( December 12 , 1853 -- August 25 , 1943 ) , sometimes known as JP , was a Swedish inventor and industrialist .
Maxim Bouchard ( born September 18 , 1990 ) is a Canadian diver who competes for the national team .
Nicolae Sulac ( September 9 , 1936 , Sadâc -- April 8 , 2003 , Chişinău ) was a musician from Moldova .
Kate Pullinger is a Canadian novelist and author of digital fiction , lecturing at De Montfort University , England .
Rocky Carson is an American professional racquetball player ( born May 21 , 1979 ) .
Oscar Walker ( March 18 , 1854 -- May 20 , 1889 ) , was an American professional baseball player who played center field and at first base for five different teams in six seasons , from 1875 to 1885 .
Clarice Assad is a classical and jazz composer , arranger , pianist , and vocalist .
Cameron Butterwick is a British actor best known for his role as ' Josh ' on the Disney Channel UK series As the Bell Rings .
Noemí Gerstein ( 1910 - 1996 ) was an Argentine sculptor , illustrator and plastic artist .
William Dale Phillips was a chemist , nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopist , federal science policy advisor and member of the National Academy of Sciences .
Marian Call ( born February 24 , 1982 in Gig Harbor , Washington ) , is an American singer - songwriter based in Juneau , Alaska .
John Sieg ( February 3 , 1903 -- October 15 , 1942 ) was a railroad worker and journalist who publicized Nazi atrocities through the underground Communist press and fought against National Socialism in the German Resistance .
Robert Brown Young ( April 1 , 1854 - January 29 , 1914 ) was a Canadian - born architect who designed buildings in California .
Mihai Codreanu ( July 25 , 1876 -- October 23 , 1957 ) was a Romanian poet , particularly noted for his sonnets .
Alexander Rives ( June 17 , 1806 -- September 17 , 1885 ) was a Virginia lawyer , politician , and federal judge .
Livy Jeanne ( raised in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a Canadian country music singer .
C. B. Embry Jr. ( born July 29 , 1941 ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky Senate representing District 6 .
Paul Marino is a film director , producer , animator , voice actor , and author currently focused on machinima , the art of using engines from video games to create films .
Bernie LaBarge ( born March 11 , 1953 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian guitarist , singer , and songwriter .
Caleb Blood Smith ( April 16 , 1808 -- January 7 , 1864 ) was an American journalist and politician , serving in the Cabinet of Abraham Lincoln during the American Civil War .
Rose Jean Coulter is a former unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Miss Pooja ( born 4 December 1979 as Gurinder Kaur Kainth ) is an Indian singer and actress .
Claudio Sillero - Zubiri was born in Argentina and is a British zoologist .
Federico Degli Esposti ( born June 2 , 1980 in Bologna ) is an Italian pairs figure skater and roller skater .
Mathias Klenske ( born 25 October 1983 ) is a Danish actor and voice actor who is best known for his role as Adam in the film Frække Frida og de frygtløse spioner - an adaption based on a series of books by Lykke Nielsen .
Paul Cheung Kwok Wing ( simplified Chinese : 张国荣 ; traditional Chinese : 張國榮 ) , a Chinese entrepreneur , is the founder and CEO of Kingboard Chemical Holdings Limited in Hong Kong .
Anil Yadav is a North Indian actor who has notably portrayed the character of Demon king Ravana in the `` Jai Hanuman '' teleserial directed by Sanjay Khan in the mid-1990s .
Per Kristian Hunder ( born 28 April 1989 ) is a Norwegian freestyle skier .
John Chandler ( February 1 , 1762 -- September 25 , 1841 ) was an American politician and soldier of Maine .
James McCosh ( April 1 , 1811 -- November 16 , 1894 ) was a prominent philosopher of the Scottish School of Common Sense .
Alethea Kontis ( born January 11 , 1976 ) is an American writer of picture books and speculative fiction , primarily for children .
Paolo Veneziano , also Veneziano Paolo or Paolo da Venezia ( born before 1333 , died after 1358 ) was a medieval painter from Venice .
Kevin Shum ( born July 3 , 1997 ) is an American figure skater .
Trad Hamadeh is a Shia Lebanese politician and was one of Hezbollah 's two representatives in the Lebanese Prime Minister of Fouad Siniora 's cabinet .
Robert Warington FRS ( 1807 - 1867 ) was an English chemist considered the driving force behind the creation of the world 's first enduring chemistry society , The Chemical Society of London , which later became the Royal Society of Chemistry .
The Master of the Saint Lambrecht Votive Altarpiece was an Austrian painter active between about 1410 and 1440 .
Leon Klatzkin ( 1914 - -1992 ) was an American composer notable for his work in television .
Moorkoth Kumaran ( 1874 - -1941 ) was a teacher and a prominent short story writer in Malayalam .
Jagori Tanna ( born Andrew Koshowski , in Hamilton , Ontario ) is a Canadian musician .
Charles Minshall Jessop ( 1861 -- March 9 , 1939 ) was a mathematician at the University of Durham working in algebraic geometry .
Guido Karl Anton List , better known as Guido von List ( October 5 , 1848 -- May 17 , 1919 ) was an Austrian occultist , journalist , playwright , and novelist .
Mariano Iberico Rodríguez ( * Cajamarca , 1892 - died Lima , 1974 ) was a Peruvian philosopher .
Sandra Mihanovich ( born April 24 , 1957 ) is an Argentine singer , musician , and composer of Rock , Blues , and Tango rhythms .
William Augustus Hall ( October 15 , 1815 -- December 15 , 1888 ) was an American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives .
Scott Spaven is an English rugby league player who currently plays for Doncaster in the Championship .
Thomas J. Smrt is an American inventor , businessman and entrepreneur who is best known as the inventor of the upside - down aerosol spray paint can .
Mary McSorley is a former Irish nationalist politician .
Pedro Regas ( April 18 , 1897 -- August 10 , 1974 ) was born in Sparta , Greece and was the brother of actor George Regas .
Lucky Peterson ( born Judge Kenneth Peterson , December 13 , 1964 , Buffalo , New York ) is an American musician who plays contemporary blues , fusing soul , R&B , gospel and rock and roll .
Loveland Munson ( July 21 , 1843 -- March 24 , 1921 ) was a Vermont attorney , politician and judge who served as President of the Vermont State Senate and Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court .
Gilbert Emery ( June 11 , 1875 - October 28 , 1945 ) was the stage name of Gilbert Emery Bensley Pottle , an American actor who appeared in over 80 movies from 1921 to his death in 1945 .
Louis Marshall ( December 14 , 1856 -- September 11 , 1929 ) was an American corporate , constitutional and civil rights lawyer as well as a mediator and Jewish community leader who worked to secure religious , political , and cultural freedom for all minority groups .
Kenneth C. Dahlberg is an American engineer and corporate executive .
Siegfried Wolff is a now - retired Degussa chemist noted for first recognizing the potential of using silica in tire treads to reduce rolling resistance .
Jon Bruning ( born April 30 , 1969 ) is an American politician who served as the 31st Attorney General of the state of Nebraska from 2003 to 2015 .
Jacques Larocque is a Canadian saxophonist , arranger , music educator , and university administrator .
Benjamin Carr ( September 12 , 1768 -- May 24 , 1831 ) was an American composer , singer , teacher , and music publisher .
Syed Asif Masood Shah ( Urdu : آصف مسعود شاہ‎ ; born January 23 , 1946 , in Lahore , Punjab ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 16 Tests and 7 ODIs from 1969 to 1977 .
Jeff Vande Zande is an American writer who is best known for his novel called American Poet which won him the Stuart and Vernice Gross Literature Award .
Hendrik Geldenhuys ( date of birth March 21 , 1983 ) is a Namibian cricketer .
Gay Courter ( born October 1 , 1944 ) is an American film writer , author , and novelist .
Tony Trujillo ( born August 23 , 1982 ) is an American professional skateboarder and musician .
Josef Hopmann ( December 22 , 1890 -- October 11 , 1975 ) was a German astronomer ( also see List of German astronomers ) .
Nicola Conte is an Italian DJ , producer , guitarist , and bandleader , known initially for introducing an innovative style of acid jazz that incorporates bossa nova themes , melodies drawn from Italian film scores of the 1960s , easy listening themes , and traditional Indian music .
Jon Micah Sumrall ( born October 13 , 1980 ) , is the lead vocalist of the Christian rock band Kutless .
Ned Hender was an Australian rules footballer from South Australia .
Karl Thomas Stenström ( born January 19 , 1988 ) , is a Swedish artist , singer and songwriter .
Mark Solonin ( born May 29 , 1958 , in Kuybyshev , USSR ) is a Russian historian of World War II , an aviation engineer by training .
Aaron E. Miller , M.D. is an American neurologist , the first Chairman of the Multiple Sclerosis section of the American Academy of Neurology ( AAN ) and recognized as a multiple sclerosis clinician .
Hassan Bubacar Jallow ( born 1950 ) is a Gambian lawyer , politician , and jurist and has been the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda ( ICTR ) since 2003 .
Cory Harrower ( born July 20 , 1989 ) is a Canadian Paralympic wheelchair basketball player .
Ryan Marks is the men 's basketball coach at the University of St. Francis , and the former head coach of the Texas - Pan American Broncos men 's basketball team .
Samantha Saint ( born June 8 , 1987 ) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress , model and Penthouse Pet of the Month for October 2012 .
Sung Won Sohn ( born 1944 ) is a Korean American economist , noted for his skill in economic forecasting .
Donfeld ( July 3 , 1934 -- February 3 , 2007 ) was an American costume designer who was perhaps best known for his work on films such as Spaceballs , Prizzi 's Honor and The Great Race .
James Lee Barrett ( November 19 , 1929 -- October 15 , 1989 ) was an American producer , screenwriter , and writer .
Joanna Connor ( born August 31 , 1962 ) is an American Chicago - based blues singer , songwriter , and a virtuoso guitarist .
Edon Molla ; ( born March 8 , 1994 ) is an Albanian American basketball player who currently plays for St. Francis College of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) .
Carl Steinfort ( born 1 April 1977 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for both the Geelong ( 1996 - -2000 ) and Collingwood ( 2001 - -2002 ) football clubs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
J. Chandulal Jain was a popular Kannada film director and producer of almost 40 films , notably , Thaaye Devaru , Bhootayyana Maga Ayyu , Tabbaliyu Neenade Magane , Bhakta Siriyala , and many more .
John Statz is a folksinger / singer - songwriter , currently residing in Denver , Colorado , though he is originally from Wisconsin .
Moses Billings ( January 15 , 1809 -- August 14 , 1884 ) was an American painter and photographer known mainly for his portraits .
Morna Edmundson is a Canadian choral conductor .
Erdoğan Toprak ( born 1961 ) is a Turkish politician and businessman from the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) , who has served as the Member of Parliament for İstanbul 's third electoral district since 2011 .
Nathan Chan ( born 1993 ) is a Chinese - American cellist from Hillsborough , CA .
Walter Wink ( May 21 , 1935 -- May 10 , 2012 ) was an American biblical scholar , theologian , and activist who was an important figure in Progressive Christianity .
Johann Werlin ( died ca . 1680 ) was a German Baroque composer .
Greg Walloch ( born July 8 , 1970 in San Bernardino , California ) is an American comedian , actor , author , and monologist .
Olivier Sedra is a public address announcer for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association .
Samuel Collings ( fl . 1780 - -1790 ? ) was a British painter and caricaturist of 18th century .
Wayne Bloom ( born March 22 , 1958 ) is an American retired professional wrestler .
Thomas Danneberg ( born June 2 , 1942 ) is a German actor and voice - actor .
Johann Nepomuk Rust ( April 5 , 1775 -- October 9 , 1840 ) was a surgeon and military physician born at Jánský Vrh , Javorník , Austrian Silesia ( today in the Czech Republic ) .
Hardo Aasmäe ( February 11 , 1951 -- December 29 , 2014 ) was an Estonian geographer , entrepreneur and politician .
Conor McPhillips ( Irish name : Conchobhar MacPhilib ; born 9 February 1981 ) is a former Irish rugby union player .
Coroebus of Elis , commonly spelled Koroibos ( Greek : Κόροιβος Ἠλεῖος ) was a humble Greek cook , baker and athlete from Elis , who won the stadion race in the first recorded Ancient Olympic Games in 776 BC .
Aaron of Canterbury was an English rabbi and halakhic exegete , mentioned in Minhat Yehudah ( `` The Offering of Judah '' ) by Judah ben Eliezer on Deuteronomy xxvi.2 , in association with Rashi and Rabbi Jacob of Orleans , and thus , seemingly , of the twelfth century .
In 1873 , Henry Withy proceeded to Govan , to the historic shipyard of Robert Napier ( engineer ) , afterwards putting in some time with the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company .
Anton Hansen ( 1891 - -1960 ) was a Danish cartoonist and painter .
James Alan Shelton ( November 3 , 1960 -- June 3 , 2014 ) was an American bluegrass guitarist .
André - Philippe Gagnon ( born December 17 , 1962 in Loretteville , Quebec ) is a Canadian comedian and impressionist .
Ewan Dobson is a Canadian fingerstyle guitarist and Candyrat Records recording artist .
Betsy Ancker - Johnson ( born April 29 , 1927 ) is an American plasma physicist .
Elmer Ferguson ( February 25 , 1885 -- April 26 , 1972 ) was a Canadian sports journalist .
Charles Frankel ( December 13 , 1917 -- May 10 , 1979 ) was an American philosopher , Assistant U.S. Secretary of State , professor and founding director of the National Humanities Center .
Gülben Ergen ( pronounced ( ˈɟylben ˈeɾɡen ) ; born August 25 , 1972 ) , also known as Gülben Ergen Çelik , is a Turkish singer and occasional actress .
Richard B. Wathen ( June 26 , 1917 -- March 14 , 2001 ) was an American ( Indiana ) politician , journalist , and author .
Antonio Pontarelli ( born April 1 , 1991 ) , is an American singer - songwriter and rock violinist .
Tony Doogan is a Scottish record producer who runs Castle of Doom Studios in Glasgow .
Peter G. Klein is an American Austrian economist who studies managerial and organizational issues .
Judith Skillman ( born 1954 ) is an award - winning contemporary northwest American poet and the author of fifteen books of verse .
Exili was an Italian chemist and poisoner in the 17th century .
Diana Vincent ( born in 1958 in Trenton , New Jersey ) is an American jewelry designer and businesswoman .
`` Paste Magazine '' , Holly George Warren , 2004 : `` Four years removed from the release of her acclaimed major label debut , ' Carnival Love ' , singer / songwriter Amy Correia returns with ' Lakeville ' .
Bruno Belvaux is a Belgian author , director and actor .
Michael Gulezian is an American composer and Fingerstyle guitarist .
Aaron Douglas ( May 26 , 1899 -- February 3 , 1979 ) was an African - American painter , illustrator and arts educator .
Larry Wayne Clark ( ? -May 30 , 2013 ) was a Canadian songwriter , producer , and journalist best known for co - writing Lee Greenwood 's Between A Rock And A Heartache , The Statler Brothers '' To Make A Long Story Short and Buddy Jewell 's Addicted To The Rain .
Christina Goh is a French singer , songwriter and poet .
Harriet Chalmers Adams ( October 22 , 1875 -- July 17 , 1937 ) was an American explorer , writer and photographer .
Mazhamangalam Narayanan Namboodiri was a scholar , poet , astrologer and an author who lived in Peruvanam , Cherpu in Thrissur District , Kerala .
Jarunee Sannok ( Thai : จารุณี สารนอก ) is a Thai beach volleyball player .
Giorgi Maskharashvili ( გიორგი მასხარაშვილი ; born on October 18 , 1977 in Tbilisi , Georgia ) is a Georgian film , Television actor , Film director and artist .
Mahmadruzi Iskandarov ( Tajik : Маҳмадрузи Искандаров , Persian : محمدروز اسکندراف‎ ; born 3 May 1954 ) is a Tajik opposition politician and the chairman of the Democratic Party of Tajikistan .
Stet Howland ( born Aug. 14 , 1960 ) is an American professional drummer from Plymouth , Massachusetts , United States .
Peter Murnoy was a nationalist politician and political activist in Northern Ireland .
Ed Cash ( born August 6 , 1971 ) is a producer , songwriter , engineer , and multi - instrumentalist .
Alonzo de Barcena ( also called de Barzana ) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary and linguist .
Mark Maremont is an American business journalist with the Wall Street Journal .
Sara Groves ( born Sara Lee Colbaugh , September 10 , 1972 ) is an American contemporary Christian singer , record producer , and author .
Ciara Whelan is an Irish television presenter who is best known for fronting TV3 's prime - time travel series The Holiday Show .
Poj Arnon ( Thai : พจน์ อานนท์ ) is a Thai film director .
Knox Martin ( born February 12 , 1923 ) is an American painter , sculptor and muralist .
Frederick William Rowe ( September 28 , 1912 -- June 20 , 1994 ) was a Canadian politician and Senator .
Serge Fontaine ( born September 17 , 1947 ) is a Canadian politician in the province Quebec .
Cidny Bullens ( born Cindy Bullens March 21 , 1955 ) is an American singer - songwriter who grew up in Massachusetts .
Maciej Kalenkiewicz ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmat͡ɕɛj kalɛnˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ ) ; 1906 - -1944 ; nom de guerre Kotwicz ) was a Polish engineer and military officer , a podpułkownik of the Polish Army .
Mary Lu Zahalan is a Canadian rock singer and actress .
Bob Nanna ( born June 14 , 1975 ) is an American musician best known as the singer and guitarist for the bands Braid and Hey Mercedes .
Jody Chiang or Jiang Hui ( Chinese : 江蕙 ; pinyin : Jiāng Huì ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Kang Hūi ) , born Jiang Shuhui ( 江淑惠 ) , is a Taiwanese popular singer .
Shalini Kapoor Sagar is an Indian actress and theatre actor .
Alberto Inocente Álvarez Cabrera ( October 28 , 1905 -- February 6 , 1985 ) was a Cuban lawyer , diplomat , and politician .
Blake Young - Fountain ( born Sept 13 , 1981 ) is an American actor , model , and producer .
Janez Zorko ( born 1937 in Podgorje ob Sevnični ) is a Slovenian sculptor and mountain climber .
Juan Manuel Blanes ( June 8 , 1830 -- April 15 , 1901 ) was a noted Uruguayan painter of the Realist school .
Peter Herdic ( 1824 - -1888 ) was a lumber baron , entrepreneur , inventor , politician , and philanthropist in Victorian era Williamsport , Lycoming County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
On June 1 , 2007 it became public knowledge that a Republican activist , lawyer Dana Jill Simpson of Rainsville , Alabama , filed a sworn statement suggesting Leura Canary was directed to use her office for political purposes .
Henry Luke Bolley ( February 1 , 1865 -- November 10 , 1956 ) was an American botanist and plant pathologist known for his work that led to the control or eradication of several major crop diseases .
John Davis Paris ( 1809 -- 1892 ) was an American Christian missionary to the island of Hawaii .
Chris Brokaw ( born August 1 , 1964 ) is an American musician , mostly known for his work with the bands Come and Codeine , in addition to his many collaborative projects and original soundtracks .
Carlotta Ferrari ( 27 January 1837 -- 23 November 1907 ) was an Italian composer noted for opera .
Cleo Virginia Andrews ( June 6 , 1923 -- December 19 , 1986 ) , better known as V. C. Andrews or Virginia C. Andrews , was an American novelist .
Rodrigo de la Rosa is a Mexican actor , best known for a list of telenovas .
Octavius Mathias ( 27 February 1805 -- 18 June 1864 ) was a pioneering Anglican priest in New Zealand in the mid - nineteenth century .
Khachig Oskanian was a journalist and writer of The New York Herald newspaper and is one of the first Armenian settlers to the United States .
Robyn Thurman , writing under the name Rob Thurman , is a New York Times Best Selling American novelist .
Saeed Naqvi is senior Indian journalist , television commentator , interviewer .
Félix Geoffrion , PC ( October 3 , 1832 -- August 7 , 1894 ) was a Canadian notary and politician .
Mario Maccaferri ( 1900 - 1993 ) was an Italian luthier , classical guitarist , businessman , and inventor .
Dick Waterman ( born July 14 , 1935 , Plymouth , Massachusetts , United States ) is an American writer , promoter and photographer , who has been influential in the development and recording of the blues since the 1960s .
Stanley Price ( December 31 , 1892 -- July 13 , 1955 ) was an American film supporting actor who appeared in over 200 films between 1922 and 1956 .
Irwin Hoffman ( born November 26 , 1924 ) is an American conductor , born in New York .
Anders Henriksson i Vinstorp ( 1870- ? ) was a Swedish politician .
Constantin Nour ( June 13 , 1906 or June 15 , 1907 , Tiraspol - November 17 , 1986 ) was a Romanian champion middleweight boxer and national team trainer .
Christopher Charles Benninger is an American - Indian architect and planner .
Curt Malawsky ( b. May 10 , 1970 in Coquitlam , British Columbia ) is a former box lacrosse player and currently the Assistant General Manager and Head Coach of the Calgary Roughnecks of the National Lacrosse League .
Adolf Fritz , generally called Dr. Fritz ( Munich , ? -- Estonia , 1918 ) , was a hypothetical German surgeon whose spirit has allegedly been channeled by several Brazilian psychic surgeons , starting with Zé Arigó in the 1950s and continuing up to the present .
Erik Palladino ( born May 10 , 1968 ) is an American actor , best known for his portrayal of Dr. Dave Malucci in the NBC medical drama ER . He starred in the critically praised FX war drama Over There .
Frank Marshall Davis ( December 31 , 1905 -- July 26 , 1987 ) was an American journalist , poet , political and labor movement activist , and businessman .
Lamont Jody Hawkins ( born October 11 , 1970 ) , better known as U - God ( short for Universal God ) , is an American rapper and member of the hip hop collective , Wu - Tang Clan .
Harriette Cole , is a life stylist , author , nationally syndicated advice columnist , motivational speaker , media trainer , magazine editor , lifestyle writer , wife and mother .
Sengiin Erdene ( Mongolian : Сэнгийн Эрдэнэ ) is a well - known Mongolian novelist and writer .
John Morton Downey ( November 14 , 1901 -- October 25 , 1985 ) was a singer popular in the United States , enjoying his greatest success in the late 1920s and early 1930s .
Allan Rumbolt is a Canadian politician , who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Hudson Bay in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election .
Attila Szalay - Berzeviczy ( born May 6 , 1972 ) is a Hungarian economist and global head of Global Securities Services at UniCredit Group in Milan .
Héctor Arredondo Casillas ( November 12 , 1970 -- November 16 , 2014 ) , was a Mexican television , film and stage actor .
Andre Louis Hicks ( July 5 , 1970 -- November 1 , 2004 ) , better known by his stage name Mac Dre , was an American rapper , and the initial founder of Thizz Entertainment , and the now defunct Romp Productions .
Sanchit Balhara is an Indian film score composer , best known for composing the score of Sanjay Leela Bhansali 's 2015 epic historical romance film , Bajirao Mastani .
Po Bronson ( born 1964 ) is an American journalist and author who lives in San Francisco .
Ernest William Hawkes ( born 1881 or 1883 , died 1954 or 1957 ) was an American anthropologist best known for his work studying the indigenous peoples of Alaska and northern Canada .
Eddie Sinclair ( May 5 , 1937 -- January 2005 ) was a Scottish professional snooker player .
John Randall Nelson is a painter and sculptor based in Phoenix , Arizona .
Orkhan Mustafazadeh ( Azerbaijani : Orxan Mustafazadə ) , better known by his stage name Okaber , is an Azerbaijani rapper , songwriter .
Ryhaan Shah is an Indo - Guyanese writer born in Berbice , Guyana .
Robert Deniston Hume ( October 31 , 1845 -- November 25 , 1908 ) was a cannery owner , pioneer hatchery operator , politician , author , and self - described `` pygmy monopolist '' who controlled salmon fishing for 32 years on the lower Rogue River in U.S. state of Oregon .
Joanna Russ ( February 22 , 1937 -- April 29 , 2011 ) was an American writer , academic and feminist .
Eduardo Benito was a Spanish fashion illustrator and painter , noted for his Vogue covers of the 1920s and 1930s .
Ipuki was an Ancient Egyptian sculptor of the 18th Dynasty , who worked in Thebes and is known from his tomb there .
Elva Hsiao ( Chinese : 蕭亞軒 , born August 24 , 1979 ) is a Taiwanese singer .
Henryk Ruder was a Polish engineer , a long - time head and member of Warsaw - based Road Network Planning Bureau and member of the board of the `` Autostrady Polskie '' think - tank .
Emmanuel Nnadozie is an educator , economist , professor of economics and author .
John Llewellyn Moxey ( born February 26 , 1925 ) , sometimes credited as John L. Moxey or John Moxey , is an Argentinian film and television director .
Angel De Cora Dietz ( 1871 - -1919 ) was a Winnebago ( Ho - Chunk ) painter , illustrator , Native American rights advocate , and teacher at Carlisle Indian School .
Michael Franti ( born April 21 , 1966 ) is an American rapper , musician , poet , spoken word artist and singer - songwriter .
Floyd Holmes ( March 6 , 1910 -- January 1 , 1970 ) , better known as Salty Holmes , was an American country musician and Western B - movie actor .
Kamahl is the stage name of Kandiah Kamalesvaran AM ( Tamil : கந்தையா கமலேஸ்வரன் ; born 13 November 1934 ) , a singer and recording artist active in Australia , perhaps best known for `` The Elephant Song '' , and his repertoire of popular music .
Erwin Extercatte ( born 16 April 1981 in Delden , Overijssel ) is a Dutch darts player who competes for the Professional Darts Corporation .
George Gamow ( March 4 ( O.S. February 20 ) 1904 -- August 19 , 1968 ) , born Georgiy Antonovich Gamov ( Russian : Гео́ргий Анто́нович Га́мов ; IPA : ( ɡʲɪˈorɡʲɪj ɐnˈtonəvʲɪtɕ ˈɡaməf ) ) , was a theoretical physicist and cosmologist -- notably an early advocate and developer of Lemaître 's Big Bang theory .
Heinrich Schläppi ( April 30 , 1905 - February 15 , 1958 ) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed during the early 1920s .
Sherali Bozorov ( Tajik : Шерали Бозоров ; born October 23 , 1981 in Kulob , Khatlon ) is a Tajikistani judoka , who played for the half - middleweight category .
Roger Camp is a photographer and educator .
Philip Palmer Green is a theoretical and computational biologist noted for developing important algorithms and procedures used in Gene mapping and DNA sequencing .
Tyler Barnett ( born October 19 , 1983 ) is an entrepreneur , business consultant and American television personality .
Andrey Tokarev is a Russian cross country skier , biathlete , sighted guide and Paralympic Champion .
He was born to the merchant John Slidell and the former Margery Mackenzie , a Scot .
Wally Gacek ( born c. 1927 ) is a former ice hockey player who was a member of the Michigan Wolverines team that won the first NCAA Frozen Four ice hockey championship in 1948 .
Emanuel Augustus ( born January 2 , 1975 ) , previously known as Emanuel Ya'kov Burton , is an American former professional boxer who fought out of Brownsville , Texas .
Leopoldo Laborde ( born November 6 , 1970 ) is a Mexican film director , screenwriter , photographer , editor and self - made producer .
Giorgi Javakhishvili ( Georgian : გიორგი ჯავახიშვილი ; Russian : Георгий Дмитриевич Джавахишвили , Georgy Dmitriyevich Dzhavakhishvili ; born June 10 , 1941 ) is a Georgian academic , politician , and diplomat .
Margaret Louis Ebey ( born October 5 , 1935 ) , known professionally as Margie Singleton , is an American country music singer and songwriter .
Josh Lattanzi is an American musician best known for his collaborations with Norah Jones , Ben Kweller , The Lemonheads , Albert Hammond Jr. , and The Candles .
Ram Barkai ( born October 22 , 1957 ) is a South African open water swimmer and former businessman , specializing in winter swimming and known for his ability to withstand extremely cold waters .
Derrin Hansen is an American college basketball coach and the current head men 's basketball coach at University of Nebraska Omaha .
Gordon Tucker is a prominent rabbi , with a reputation as both a political and a theological liberal in Conservative Judaism .
Sandra Truccolo is an Italian paralympic archer and all round athlete .
John Andrew Quale is an American singer , songwriter , and performer best known by the stage name and persona of Prince Poppycock .
He is better known as the lead singer and guitarist for the Afrikaans Rock band , Willim Welsyn en die Sunrise Toffies and as former photographer , features writer and podcast host for the South African Rolling Stone magazine .
Marc Laidlaw ( born 1960 ) is an American writer of science fiction and horror and also a former computer game designer with Valve Corporation .
Finbarr Clancy ( born March 5th , 1970 ) is an Irish folk singer and musician .
Masoud Khosravinejad ( Persian : مسعود خسروی نژاد‎ ; born March 25 , 1980 in Tehran ) is an Iranian judoka who competed in the men 's half - heavyweight category .
Wax Mannequin is the stage name of Chris Adeney , a Canadian indie rock singer - songwriter .
Jordannah Elizabeth ( born October 16 , 1986 ) is an American music journalist , editor , music promoter and alternative , folk , soul musician .
Lai Ying Tong ( Chinese : 賴映彤 ; born 4 January ) , known professionally as Siu Tung ( Chinese : 小彤 ) , is a Hong Kong Cantopop songwriter , arranger and performer as well as music educator .
Shawn Lawrence Otto is an American novelist , nonfiction author , filmmaker , political strategist , speaker , science advocate , and screenwriter and co - producer of the movie House of Sand and Fog .
Jeannette Bell ( born September 2 , 1941 ) is an American Democratic politician and social worker from Wisconsin .
Westdon Martin Abay ( born April 5 , 1971 ) , popularly known as Dong Abay , is a poet and a Pinoy rock musician .
Nicolás Lúcar de la Portilla has been a Peruvian journalist since the 1980s .
Rajko Dodic ( born May 13 , 1952 ) is a Canadian politician , who was elected the 25th mayor of Lethbridge , Alberta in the 2010 municipal election .
Earl W. Bascom ( June 19 , 1906 -- August 28 , 1995 ) was an American painter , printmaker , rodeo performer and sculptor , raised in Canada , who portrayed his own experiences cowboying and rodeoing across the American and Canadian West .
Ray Shell is an African - American film , TV and stage actor , as well as an author , director and producer .
Sotades ( Greek : Σωτάδης ; 3rd century BC ) was an Ancient Greek poet .
Harry Bassi ( born 26 November 1969 ) is a former Scottish rugby union player , normally playing at Centre or Fullback His career spanned the amateur era and the professional era and Bassi represented Glasgow District at various levels before finally representing the professional Glasgow side , now Glasgow Warriors .
Nathan Barr ( born February 9 , 1973 ; also known as Nate Barr ) is a film and television composer known for playing the majority of the instruments heard in his compositions .
Joanna Manganara is a Greek diplomat , women 's rights activist and the incumbent President of the International Alliance of Women ( IAW ) and its Chief Representative to the United Nations .
Jess Winfield ( born March 8 , 1961 ) is an American novelist , self - help author , and television writer .
Manuel Neri ( born April 12 , 1930 ) is an American sculptor , painter , and printmaker and a notable member of the `` second generation '' of the Bay Area Figurative Movement .
Benjamin Khoh ( born Jan 14 , 1992 ) is a Singaporean model , social media personality , recording artist , actor and socialite .
Christian Schoeler ( born 1978 in Hagen , Germany -- December 28 , 2015 ) was a contemporary painter known for his watercolors and oil paintings , who lived and worked in Düsseldorf .
Wendy Pepper ( born August 23 , 1964 ) is a fashion designer who appeared on the first season of the reality television show Project Runway , which aired on Bravo , from December 2004 through February 2005 .
Vincent Hallinan ( December 16 , 1896 -- October 2 , 1992 ) was an American lawyer and a candidate for President of the United States for the Progressive Party in the 1952 election .
Daniela Eleftheraki ( Greek : Ντανιελα Ελευθεράκη ) , once known as the Lolita of the Greek fashion world , is a top Greek fashion model represented by Ace Models Agency .
Georgina Harland ( born 14 April 1978 ) , is a former modern pentathlete from Great Britain .
Marco Antonio Rubio ( born June 16 , 1980 ) is a Mexican professional boxer and former WBC interim middleweight champion .
Joan Fraser ( born October 12 , 1944 ) is a Canadian Senator and former journalist .
Melville Jacobs ( July 3 , 1902 -- July 31 , 1971 ) was an American anthropologist known for his extensive fieldwork on cultures of the Pacific Northwest .
Philippe Legendre was head chef of the Michelin three - star ( 2003 - 2007 ) restaurant Le Cinq at the George V Hotel in the 8th arrondissement in Paris , France .
Joanna E. Cole is an American politician and educator from Burlington , Vermont .
Dottie Rambo ( March 2 , 1934 -- May 11 , 2008 ) was an American gospel singer and songwriter .
Nikolai Zykov ( Russian : Николай Зыков ) ( born May 8 , 1965 ) is a Soviet and Russian actor , director , artist , designer , puppet - maker , master puppeteer .
Francesco La Vecchia ( born September 10 , 1954 ) is an Italian classical conductor .
Stanley Bahorek is an American actor who has appeared on Broadway .
Leslie Howard Gordon was a British screenwriter and actor of the silent and early sound film eras .
James Manning Tyler ( April 27 , 1835 -- October 13 , 1926 ) was an American politician , lawyer and judge from Vermont .
Joel Stoffer is an American actor know for playing Taylor in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and Dr. Franklin in The One ( 2001 film ) .
Rodolfo Terragno ( born November 16 , 1943 ) is an Argentine politician and lawyer , former Senator and journalist .
Ali Nasuh Mahruki ( born May 21 , 1968 ) is a professional mountain climber , writer , photographer and documentary film producer .
William Warsop ( dates unknown ) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1791 .
Ian Little is a record producer who is best known for the single `` Is There Something I Should Know '' and the album Seven and the Ragged Tiger , both by Duran Duran .
Ernst Witt ( June 26 , 1911 -- July 3 , 1991 ) was a German mathematician , one of the leading algebraists of his time .
Benjamin Fitton is an English singer songwriter .
Hedda Berntsen hails from Filtvet , and is the older sister of freestyle skier Ingrid Berntsen .
Betty Reed ( born on May 5 , 1941 ) is a Democratic politician who served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 2006 to 2014 , representing the 59th District from 2006 to 2012 and the 61st District , which included downtown Tampa in northern Hillsborough County , from 2012 to 2014 .
Vijaygupta Maurya ( Gujarati : વિજયગુપ્ત મૌર્ય ) was a pioneer science writer in the Gujarati .
Detrick DeBurr ( born October 25 , 1969 ) is an entrepreneur , author , and computer / website specialist .
Edward Digges ( 29 March 1620 -- 15 March 1674/75 ) was an English barrister and colonist who served as Colonial Governor of Virginia from March 1655 to December 1656 .
Ganesh Janardhanan , also known by his stage name VTV Ganesh is an Indian actor , comedian and film producer .
Donald Pennington is a British psychologist who is also the Pro - Vice - Chancellor and professor of psychology at Coventry University where he teaches personality psychology to undergraduate students .
Friedrich Paul Cilliers ( 25 December 1956 -- July 31 , 2011 ) was a South - African philosopher , complexity researcher , and Professor in Complexity and Philosophy at the Stellenbosch University .
Kim Spalding was an American actor who appeared on television and in film between 1950 and 1961 .
Del Reisman ( April 13 , 1924 -- January 8 , 2011 ) was an American television producer , story editor and screenwriter whose lengthy credits included The Twilight Zone and The Untouchables .
Walter Kaner ( May 5 , 1920 -- June 27 , 2005 ) was an American journalist and philanthropist .
Ion Cristoiu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈon krisˈtoju ) ; born November 16 , 1948 , Găgești , Vrancea County ) is a Romanian journalist .
Carl Stone ( born Carl Joseph Stone , February 10 , 1953 ) is an American composer , primarily working in the field of live electronic music .
Roberto Fidel Ernesto Sorokin Espasa , who performs under the stage name Coti , is an Argentine singer - songwriter , best known for collaborations with other Spanish - language artists like Andrés Calamaro ( Arg ) , Julieta Venegas ( Mex ) , Paulina Rubio ( Mex ) and Luis Miguel in his last album .
Kabir Akhtar ( born January 11 , 1975 ) is an American television director and Emmy - nominated editor , and is also the creator of The Tool Page , the oldest website dedicated to the Grammy - winning band Tool .
Lorenzo Ratti ( ca . 1589 - -1630 ) was an Italian baroque composer .
Jesse Burnett ( born February 8 , 1946 in Los Angeles , California ) was a light - heavyweight and cruiserweight boxer .
Vikram Usendi is an Indian politician who was the member of the Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly from Narayanpur Assembly constituency ( no 62 ) then Kanker district , ( now narayanpur district ) , during 2003 - 2008 .
Toine van Peperstraten ( born December 18 , 1967 in Achthuizen , Zuid - Holland ) is a Dutch sports journalist , best known for hosting the NOS TV sports program Studio Sport .
Grigory Drozd ( Russian : Григорий Дрозд ; born 26 August 26 1979 ) is a Russian professional boxer .
Park Hae - jin ( Hangul : 박해진 , born May 1 , 1983 ) is a South Korean actor .
Aree Wiratthaworn ( Thai : อารีย์ วิรัฐถาวร ; born February 26 , 1980 ) is a Thai weightlifter .
Lajos Pukánszky was a Hungarian and American mathematician noted for his work in representation theory of solvable Lie groups .
Jean - Claude Kavumbagu is a Burundian Internet journalist who has been arrested on multiple occasions for issues related to his reporting .
Misty Woods is a Welsh singer and lyricist , currently living in London .
Niven Busch ( April 26 , 1903 -- August 25 , 1991 ) was an American novelist and screenwriter of movies such as the acclaimed The Postman Always Rings Twice .
Henry Mathwin ( 23 August 1852 -- 31 December 1911 ) was an English schoolmaster and cricketer who played in one first - class cricket match for Cambridge University in 1874 .
In Portrait of Dora Maar ( 1937 ) ... the artist 's new lover is portrayed with acidic colors and angular forms .
Sumio Iijima ( 飯島 澄男 Iijima Sumio , born May 2 , 1939 ) is a Japanese physicist , often cited as the inventor of carbon nanotubes .
Beatrice Forbes Manz is an American historian of the Middle East and Central Asia who specializes in nomads and the Timurid dynasty .
Ingūna Butāne ( born February 24 , 1986 ) , sometimes simply known as Inguna , is a Latvian model .
Harriet Brooks ( July 2 , 1876 -- April 17 , 1933 ) was the first Canadian woman nuclear physicist .
Jonathan `` Jon '' Good ( born December 7 , 1985 ) is an American professional wrestler and actor , signed to WWE under the ring name Dean Ambrose .
Jase Daniels ( born Jason Daniel Knight , July 18 , 1982 ) is a former United States Navy Hebrew linguist who was discharged from the military twice under the policy known as `` Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell '' ( DADT ) .
Lee Soo - sung ( born March 10 , 1939 , South Hamgyong , Hamhung ) is a South Korean politician and legal scholar .
Enzo Celli is an Italian contemporary dancer , choreographer and dance company artistic director
Sam Maccarone is an actor , film director , and writer .
Jorge Rosenblut Ratinoff ( 7 July 1952 ) is a Chilean engineer , academic , businessman and consultant , and the former president of ENDESA , the Latin American branch of the Italian based ENEL Group .
Strat Don ( born Geddys Ferguson ) is a Jamaican Reggae/ R&B singer .
Nadia Röthlisberger - Raspe ( b. June 30 , 1972 - d. February 9 , 2015 ) was a Swiss curler and Olympic medalist .
Anne Hollingsworth Wharton ( December 15 , 1845 -- July 29 , 1928 ) was an American writer and historian .
Lock Martin ( October 12 , 1916 -- January 19 , 1959 ) was the stage name of American actor Joseph Lockard Martin , Jr. He is best remembered for playing the robot Gort in The Day the Earth Stood Still ( 1951 ) .
Chip Giller is an American journalist and environmentalist .
Clement Liebert ( fl . 1433 - -1454 ) was a Franco - Flemish singer and composer of the early Renaissance , active in Rome and at the Burgundian court .
Francis Parkman , Jr. ( September 16 , 1823 -- November 8 , 1893 ) was an American historian , best known as author of The Oregon Trail :
James W. Washington , Jr. ( November 10 , 1909 -- June 7 , 2000 ) was an African - American painter and sculptor who grew into prominence in the Seattle , Washington , art community .
Kim Sang - man ( Hangul : 김상만 ; born January 28 , 1970 ) is a South Korean film director and art director .
Antonia Moraiti ( born May 2 , 1977 ) is a Greek water polo player and Olympic silver medalist .
Ao Prof . Dr. Bernhard Lendl is an Austrian chemist , TU Vienna , Institute of Chemical Technologies and Analytics , the head of the working group on Process Analysis & Vibrational Spectroscopy .
Wazir Agha ( Urdu : وزیر آغا ‎ ) was a Pakistani Urdu language writer , poet , critic and essayist .
Robert Salaburu ( born May 9 , 1985 ) is a professional poker player from Texas , who is best known for his 8th place ( $ 971,360 ) final table finish in the 2012 World Series of Poker .
Anthony Barrile is an actor , musician , writer , and native New Yorker who has starred in many film and stage productions .
Jonas Hurst is a British singer , television presenter , trainer and theatrical producer .
Alfred W. Blomfield ( 1879 - 1949 ) was a British architect , who worked as the in - house architect for the brewer Watney Combe & Reid from 1919 to 1940 .
Edward Danger Generazio II ( born August 2 , 1990 ) , also known as Eddie Generazio , is an American author and musician .
Gabrielle Gachet , née Magnenat ( born February 17 , 1980 ) , is a Swiss ski mountaineer .
Ben Myers or Benjamin Myers ( born 1976 , Durham ) is an English writer and journalist .
Mark Eddinger is an American keyboardist , composer , arranger , music producer , record company executive , and music and entertainment industry consultant .
Jussier da Silva , better known as Jussier Formiga , ( born April 14 , 1985 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently signed with the UFC and competing in the Flyweight division .
Helen O'Hara ( born Helen Bevington , 5 November 1956 ) is a British musician , formerly a member and violinist of the band Dexys Midnight Runners between 1982 and 1987 , including performing on songs such as `` Come on Eileen '' from the Too - Rye - Ay album .
Thomas Hinds ( 1780 - -1840 ) was an American soldier and politician from the state of Mississippi , who served in the United States Congress from 1828 to 1831 .
Vicky Featherstone ( born 1967 ) is a theatre director and artistic director .
Celestino Piatti ( 1922 - 2007 ) was a Swiss graphic artist , painter and book designer .
Barbara La Marr ( July 28 , 1896 -- January 30 , 1926 ) was an American stage and film actress , cabaret artist , and screenwriter .
JD Alexander ( born July 16 , 1959 , Camp Lejeune , North Carolina ) is a businessman and former Florida Republican politician from Lake Wales .
Alisher Uzoqov ( sometimes spelled Alisher Uzakov in English ) ( Uzbek : Alisher Uzoqov , Алишер Узоқов ; Russian : Алишер Узаков ) ( born August 25 , 1984 ) is an Uzbek actor and singer .
Brian Mallon is an American film and theater actor of Irish descent .
Benja Razafimahaleo is a Malagasy politician who served as Minister of Finance in the government of Madagascar from March 2009 to September 2009 .
Keith Szarabajka ( ( ʂaraˈbajka ) ; born December 2 , 1952 ) is an American actor and voice artist .
Sandra Peuler is a judge of the Utah Third District Court in Salt Lake City .
Saka Acquaye is a singer and textile designer from Accra , Gold Coast .
Honorio Pueyrredón ( June 9 , 1876 -- September 23 , 1945 ) was an Argentine lawyer , university professor , diplomat and politician .
Shaike Ophir ( November 4 , 1929 -- August 17 , 1987 ; Hebrew : שייקה אופיר‎ ) was an Israeli film actor and comedian , and the country 's first mime .
Jeremy Zuckerman is an American composer and musician mostly known for composing the score of the TV series Avatar :
Marcus Statius Priscus Licinius Italicus ( M. Statius M. f. Cl . Priscus Licinius Italicus ) was a Roman politician and general active during the reigns of Hadrian , Antoninus Pius , and Marcus Aurelius .
Elly Stone ( born May 30 , 1927 ) is an American singer and actress best known for her interpretations of the music of Jacques Brel .
Samuel Abrahams is a BAFTA nominated English film director who has written and directed across drama , documentary and commercials .
Isabella Boylston is an American ballet dancer who currently performs as a principal with the American Ballet Theatre ( ABT ) .
Bobby Paschal ( born October 21 , 1941 ) is a retired college basketball coach .
General Juan de la Luz Enríquez Lara ( born Tlacotalpan , May 16 , 1836 -- died Xalapa , March 17 , 1892 ) was a Mexican politician .
Hossein Mortezaeian Abkenar ( Persian : حسین مرتضاییان آبکنار‎ ; born 1967 ) is an Iranian writer and screenwriter .
Gary Portnoy ( born June 8 , 1956 ) is an American musician and singer - songwriter from the state of New York best known for co - writing and singing the theme song for Cheers , `` Where Everybody Knows Your Name '' .
Lydia Emily , aka Lydia emily Archibald , is a street artist , muralist , and oil painter .
Giovanni di Paolo was first documented in 1417 working for the Sienese Dominican Order as a miniaturist ( manuscript illuminator ) .
Angiolo Mazzoni ( May 21 , 1894 -- September 28 , 1979 ) was a prolific state architect and engineer of the Italian Fascist government of the 1920s and 1930s .
Wenchen Qin ( Chinese : 秦文琛 , b. October 29 , 1966 ) is a Chinese composer .
John Stark Edwards ( August 23 , 1777 -- February 22 , 1813 ) was an attorney , public official , soldier and landowner in the United States .
Steve Roper is a noted climber and historian of the Sierra Nevada in the United States .
Neil Trevett is an electrical engineer and executive involved in 3D computer graphics technology .
Oh Dae - keun ( born May 11 , 1982 ) is a South Korean field hockey player .
Jonathan Mark Kenoyer ( born May 28 , 1952 , in Shillong , India ) is an American archaeologist and Professor of Anthropology at the University of Wisconsin--
Kris Saknussemm is a cult novelist and multimedia artist .
Waters is also a jazz musician who has teamed with the likes of Ian Ritchie ( saxophone player for Roger Waters ) , forming the Harry Waters Quartet .
Martin Gibbs ( November 11 , 1922 - July 24 , 2006 ) was an American biochemist and educator who worked in the field of carbon metabolism .
Anna Thomas ( born July 12 , 1948 ) is a film screenwriter , film producer and writer .
Scott L. Fitzgerald ( born November 16 , 1963 ) is an American politician and one - time newspaper publisher .
Roger Skinner ( June 1 , 1773 -- August 19 , 1825 ) was a lawyer , statesman and United States federal judge from New York .
Stephan Koplowitz is an award - winning director and choreographer specializing in site - specific multimedia performances .
Eugeniusz Frankowski ( 1884 - -1962 ) was a Polish archaeologist , ethnographer and ethnologist .
Canice Brennan is a former Kilkenny hurler who played with Conahy Shamrocks and the Kilkenny intercounty team .
Master IW ( or I.W. ) was a 16th - century Czech Renaissance painter of unknown origin from the school of Lucas Cranach the Elder .
He was also a missionary for The New Church ( Swedenborgian ) and the inspiration for many museums and historical sites such as the Johnny Appleseed Museum in Urbana , Ohio and the Johnny Appleseed Heritage Center in between Lucas , Ohio and Mifflin , Ohio .
Basir Ahang is a Hazara poet , journalist and human rights activist from Afghanistan .
Gerard McMahon ( aka Gerard McMann and G Tom Mac ) ( born Gerard Thomas MacMahon , of Irish / English parentage , in Birmingham , England ) is an English singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist and producer who specialises in creating music for films and TV .
Marshall Drew ( born January 11 , 1984 ) is an American folk rock singer - songwriter from Clarksdale , Mississippi .
John Lewis Krimmel ( May 30 , 1786 -- July 15 , 1821 ) , sometimes called `` the American Hogarth '' was America 's first painter of genre scenes .
Greg Wells is a Canadian musician , record producer and songwriter based in Los Angeles .
Inácio José de Alvarenga Peixoto ( 1744 - -1793 ) was a Colonial Brazilian Neoclassic poet and lawyer .
William Harper Carter ( born in October 3 , 1939 ) is an American entrepreneur and former actor .
Nellee Hooper ( born 15 March 1963 ) is a British producer / remixer / composer known for his work with many major recording artists beginning in the late 1980s .
David E. Bloom , Ph.D. ( born October 16 , 1955 ) is an American author , professor , economist , and demographer .
Benny Goldberg ( December 25 , 1918 -- September 10 , 2001 ) was a Polish bantamweight boxer whose professional career spanned from 1937 to 1946 .
Federico Fabregat is a Mexican artist and poet born in Guadalajara , Jalisco .
Philip Greeley Clapp ( August 4 , 1888 -- April 9 , 1954 ) was an American educator , conductor , pianist , and composer of classical music .
Isabel Paterson ( January 22 , 1886 -- January 10 , 1961 ) was a Canadian - American journalist , novelist , political philosopher , and a leading literary and cultural critic of her day .
Jordan Brower ( born October 14 , 1981 ) is an American movie actor .
Daryl Veltman ( born September 25 , 1985 ) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player .
José Maurício Nunes Garcia ( September 20 , 1767 -- April 18 , 1830 ) was a Brazilian classical composer , one of the greatest exponents of Classicism in the Americas .
Andy Barron ( January 9 , 1983 ) is a photographer best known for his work with the bands Switchfoot and Foster the People , with whom he has worked with since 2002 and now tours regularly with .
Henryk Leon Strasburger ( 1887 - 1951 ) was a Polish economist , General Commissioner in the Free City of Danzig ( now Gdańsk ) and delegate to the League of Nations .
Later in life , Benson Fong became a successful restaurateur and opened several Ah Fong restaurants in California .
Jason Aldine Williams ( born February 28 , 1977 ) , known professionally as Jason Aldean , is an American country music singer .
Bertram Cooper ( born January 10 , 1966 ) , nicknamed Smokin ' Bert Cooper , is a heavyweight boxer , most famous for his punching power and several wild brawls in the 1990s .
Graydon Parrish ( born April 3 , 1970 ) is a realist painter living in Austin , Texas .
Daniel Lazard ( born December 10 , 1941 in Carpentras ) is a French mathematician and computer scientist .
Bob Thiele ( July 27 , 1922 -- January 30 , 1996 ) was an American record producer who worked on countless classic jazz albums and record labels .
Greg Grossman is an American chef and television personality who gained notoriety as a teenager .
Jonathan Howes ( c. 1937 -- May 31 , 2015 ) was an American politician and urban planner .
Nathaniel Milljour is a self - taught Canadian artist , painter and sculptor from Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Marshall Brickman ( born August 25 , 1939 ) is an American screenwriter and director , best known for his collaborations with Woody Allen .
Wilfrid Garfield Case also known as W. Garfield Case , ( September 23 , 1898 -- September 22 , 1959 ) , was a Canadian politician who served as a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament and Mayor of Owen Sound , Ontario .
Paul Cornoyer ( 1864 - -1923 ) was an American painter , currently best known for his popularly reproduced painting in an Impressionist and sometimes pointillist style .
Günther von Lojewski ( born July 11 , 1935 in Berlin ) is a German journalist , television presenter and author .
Wendell Mitchell Latimer ( April 22 , 1893 -- July 6 , 1955 ) was a prominent chemist notable for his description of oxidation states in his book `` The Oxidation States of the Elements and Their Potentials in Aqueous Solution '' ( ASIN B000GRXLSA , first published 1938 ) .
Jan Mandel is a Czech - American mathematician .
Linda Mancini is an American writer , actor and Bessie Award winning performance artist .
Sudesh Mishra is a contemporary Fijian - Australian poet and academic .
Lindsay Rhodes ( previously known as Lindsay Soto ) is an American sportscaster , journalist , and television personality who is currently a host and reporter for the NFL Network .
Sultan Abdul Hamid II , after being approached by American minister to Turkey , Oscar Straus ( politician ) , sent a letter to the Moros of the Sulu Sultanate telling them not to resist American takeover and cooperate with the Americans at the start of the Moro Rebellion .
Eilidh Shaw is a Scottish fiddle player and singer .
Colonel Leroy W. Stutz ( born November 13 , 1939 ) was a U.S. Air Force officer , pilot and prisoner of war for 2,284 days ( 6.25 years ) during the Vietnam War .
Antônio Pereira de Sousa Caldas ( November 24 , 1762 -- March 2 , 1814 ) was a Colonial Brazilian poet , priest and orator , patron of the 34th chair of the Brazilian Academy of Letters .
William Frederick King ( February 19 , 1854 -- April 23 , 1916 ) was a Canadian surveyor , astronomer , and civil servant .
Svetlana Kirdina ( Светла́на Гео́ргиевна Ки́рдина ) is a Russian sociologist and economist .
Maria Antonia Scalera Stellini was a 17th - century Italian poet and playwright .
Kopi Sotiropulos ( born Prokopios Sotiropoulos ; Greek : Προκόπιος Σωτηρόπουλος ; September 12 , 1948 ) is a Greek - born American character actor .
Edward Sivewright ( born 10 November 1806 , Old Windsor , Berkshire ; died 1 January 1873 , Earley Hill , Reading , Berkshire ) was an English cricketer with amateur status .
Martha Sharp Joukowsky ( born 1936 ) is a Near Eastern archaeologist and a retired member of the faculty of Brown University known for her fieldwork at the ancient site of Petra in Jordan .
Zhou Peiyuan ( Chinese : 周培源 ; August 28 , 1902 - -November 24 , 1993 ) was a renowned theoretical physicist of China .
John M. McKeon ( October 29 , 1882 - March 18 , 1939 ) was an American politician from St. Louis , Missouri , who served in the Missouri Senate .
Ewert Karlsson ( 1918 - -2004 ) , signature EWK , was a Swedish artist and political cartoonist .
Safiya Songhai , is a Student Emmy Award - winning American film director , Television Anchor / Reporter and beauty queen .
Michael George Mulhall ( 1836 - 1900 ) was an Irish author , statistician , economist and newspaper editor .
Stella Getz ( born 10 October 1976 ) is a Norwegian singer and former popstar .
Salomon Formstecher , in English also Solomon , ( 1808 - 1889 ) was a German rabbi and student of Jewish theology .
Gakuryō Nakamura ( 中村岳陵 , Nakamura Gakuryō ) ( 1890 - 1969 ) was a Japanese Nihonga painter and designer .
Edgar Sydney Little ( November 5 , 1885 -- December 23 , 1943 ) was a wholesaler and Canadian politician .
Branko Despot ( born July 6 , 1942 , Zagreb ) is Croatian philosopher .
Major Brabazon - Plank , later Major Plank , is a recurring fictional character from the Uncle Fred and Jeeves stories of British comic writer P. G. Wodehouse , being a famed explorer who led an expedition up the Amazon but is afraid of babies .
Carmen Rodgers is an African American R&B , neo soul singer and songwriter , from Dallas , Texas , United States .
Chen Yaoye ( Traditional : 陳耀燁 ; Simplified : 陈耀烨 ; Pinyin : Chén Yàoyè ; born on December 16 , 1989 ) is a Chinese professional Go player .
Jorge Luis Sierra Cruz ( born September 4 , 1961 ) ( died October 27 , 2014 ) was a Cuban politician .
Arthur Sewall ( November 25 , 1835 -- September 5 , 1900 ) was a U.S. Democratic politician from Maine most notable as William Jennings Bryan 's first running mate in 1896 .
Dr Joseph Kubanek ( January 16 , 1896 - November 24 , 1970 ) was an American psychiatrist known for his work in Electroencephalography .
Peter Donato , is a marathon runner from Toronto , Canada .
Jouko Hassi ( born November 19 , 1959 in Rantsila ) is a Finnish former sprinter .
R. Manoharanis an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Tiruchirappalli East constituency , He was appointed as chief government whip in February 2013 .
Eddie Blazonczyk , Sr . ( July 12 , 1941 -- May 21 , 2012 ) was a Grammy award - winning polka musician and founder of the band The Versatones .
Roman Serbyn is an historian , and an professor emeritus of Russian and East European history at the University of Quebec at Montreal , and an expert on Ukraine .
Major Dodge , ( born August 14 , 1978 ) is an American actor .
Darian Cowgill ( born November 7 , 1972 , Pasadena , California , United States ) , is an American mix engineer , mastering engineer and record producer .
Maximilian Toch ( July 17 , 1864 -- May 28 , 1946 ) was an American paint manufacturer and industrial chemist who developed a concrete filler method that was used in the construction of the Panama Canal .
Giuseppe Paladino ( 1721 - 1794 ) was an Italian painter of the 18th century , active in a late - Baroque style in Messina , Sicily .
Ian Rumfitt is a British philosopher currently serving as Professor of Philosophy at the University of Birmingham .
Jeff Altman ( born August 13 , 1951 ) is an American stand - up comedian and actor who has appeared as a guest on Late Show with David Letterman 41 times .
Tina Caspary ( born December 28 , 1970 ) is an American actress , dancer , and choreographer and dance instructor .
Mahnoor Baloch is a Pakistani actress , model and film director .
Michael Hickins ( born May 1 , 1961 ) is an American fiction writer , journalist , and news editor .
Anne Stevenson ( born January 3 , 1933 ) is an American - British poet and writer .
Nathan Pritikin ( August 29 , 1915 -- February 21 , 1985 ) was an American inventor , nutritionist and longevity researcher .
Carl Andre ( born September 16 , 1935 ) is an American minimalist artist recognized for his ordered linear format and grid format sculptures .
David Gautreaux ( born June 28 , 1951 ) is an American stage , television and film actor , perhaps best known for work he never did -- the role of Vulcan science officer Xon in the proposed Star Trek :
Major General William Henry Evered Poole CB , CBE , DSO , , LOM , Commander of the French Légion d'honneur , Croix de Guerre avec Palme , Mentioned in Despatches , was a South African soldier before and during World War II and afterwards a diplomat .
James Bonn ( aka James West , Jim Fimiani , Jim West ) is an American pornographic actor who has appeared in about 90 films .
Nippleus Erectus was a drummer of GWAR ( played by former White Cross member Rob Mosby ) , who did all the drumming for Hell - O. He is also credited for the drums on Scumdogs of the Universe , though it was Jizmak Da Gusha who played them .
Theodor Kery ( died May 9 , 2010 ) was an Austrian politician , who was the Governor of Burgenland ( 1966 - -1987 ) .
Olive Brasno ( October 17 , 1917 -- January 25 , 1998 ) was a midget dancer and actor who was known for her singing and dancing act with her brother George Brasno .
Charles Luckyth Roberts ( August 7 , 1887 -- February 5 , 1968 ) , better known as Luckey Roberts , was an American composer and stride pianist who worked in the jazz , ragtime , and blues styles .
Vincent Riotta is an English - born stage and film actor .
Charles Proteus Steinmetz ( April 9 , 1865 -- October 26 , 1923 ) was a German - born American mathematician and electrical engineer .
Dan Naturman ( born October 20 , 1969 ) is an American stand - up comedian , who has made numerous appearances on television .
Shim Mina ( born December 10 , 1972 ) , known by her stage name , Mina ( 미나 ) , is a South Korean singer and dancer .
Rachel Sarah Herz is both a psychologist and a cognitive neuroscientist , and a recognized expert on the psychology of smell .
Jesús Reyes González ( born March 10 , 1958 ) is a Mexican Luchador , or professional wrestler , best known under the ring name Máscara Año 2000 or Máscara Año Dos Mil . His ring name is Spanish for `` Mask of the year 2000 '' , originally referring to the mask Reyes wore while wrestling .
In June 2010 , Han Han was interviewed by CNN as China 's rebel writer who has become the unofficial voice for his generation .
William Anthony Granville ( December 16 , 1863 -- February 4 , 1943 ) was an American mathematician , and served as president of Gettysburg College from 1910 until 1923 .
Didier Chesneau is a French guitarist ( Lag / Elixir / Larrivée / Rocktron ) , composer ( NTS / Wagram ) , sound engineer and director ( Universal , Wagram , EMI , SPV ) .
Jehan Vaillant ( sometimes spelled Johannes Vayllant ) ( fl . 1360 - -90 ) was a French music composer and theorist .
Try Chheang Huot was a Cambodian politician .
Sir Henry Lumley Drayton , PC ( April 27 , 1869 -- August 28 , 1950 ) was a Canadian lawyer and politician .
Bertrand Burgalat ( born 1963 ) is a French musician , composer and producer .
Roma Baran ( born 1946 or 1947 ) is a Canadian record producer who is best known for her work with Laurie Anderson , Rosalie Sorrels , Annabelle Chvostek , and Kate & Anna McGarrigle .
Louis Attrill is a British rower and Olympics gold medallist .
Yevgeny Katsura ( Russian : Евгений Кацура , 1937 -- 1967 ) was a Russian weightlifter .
Frankie Bones ( real name Frank Mitchell ) is an American techno and house music disc jockey from New York City .
Juan Guitéras y Gener ( or Juan Guiteras ) ( January 4 , 1852 -- October 28 , 1925 ) , was a Cuban physician and pathologist specializing in yellow fever .
Francis Whiting Halsey ( October 15 , 1851 -- November 24 , 1919 ) was an American journalist , editor and historian , born in Unadilla , New York .
Gerrit Graham ( born November 27 , 1949 ) is an American actor and songwriter .
Stuart Zagnit ( sometimes credited as Stan Hart ; born March 28 , 1952 in New Brunswick , New Jersey ) is an American character actor .
Liu Yu - chan ( Chinese : 柳裕展 ; born December 20 , 1975 in Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who played for the Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Lou Donaldson ( born November 1 , 1926 ) is a jazz alto saxophonist .
Robert Warwick ( October 9 , 1878 -- June 6 , 1964 ) was an American stage , film and television actor with over 200 film appearances .
Anastasiya Bespalova ( Russian : Анастаси́я Беспа́лова ) is a Russian composer .
Marc Bouwer is a fashion designer who was raised in South Africa and now works in New York City .
Elaine de Kooning ( March 12 , 1918 -- February 1 , 1989 ) was an Abstract Expressionist and Figurative Expressionist painter in the post - World War II era .
José David Sierra ( born June 10 , 1980 ) , better known as Jessica Wild , is a Puerto Rican drag queen , professional make - up artist , and reality television personality .
Geraldine Valentino - Smith ( born March 5 , 1964 ) is an American politician who represents district 23A in the Maryland House of Delegates and a former member of the Bowie City Council .
Anthony Lapsley ( born February 13 , 1980 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist , who most recently competed in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Nancy Nash is a Canadian blues and pop singer , who has recorded and performed both under her birth name and as Sazacha Red Sky .
Vernon Louis Parrington ( August 3 , 1871 -- June 16 , 1929 ) was an American literary historian and scholar .
Bill Aron is an American photographer known as an environmental portrait photographer and a chronicler of Jewish communities around the world .
Kevin Ceballo ( born October 12 , 1977 ) is a singer of salsa music of Puerto Rican descent .
Alley Baggett ( born July 14 , 1973 ) is an American glamour model .
Ann S. Almgren is an American applied mathematician who works as a staff scientist and acting group leader of the Center for Computational Sciences and Engineering at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
Dawn Langstroth ( born April 16 , 1979 ) is a Toronto - based singer / songwriter and painter .
Samuel Isham ( 1855 - -1914 ) was an American portrait and figure painter , born in New York .
Mohsen Ghanebasiri ( born 1949 in Tehran ) is an epistemologist , chemist , author and theorist on economy , culture , arts ( cybernetics ) and management .
Thomas Horsley was a sixteenth - century English magistrate and Lord Mayor .
Walter Matthysse ( born August 29 , 1978 ) is an Argentine professional boxer who fights at light middleweight , and is a former welterweight world title challenger .
Nenad Borovčanin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Боровчанин ) ( born March 25 , 1979 in Loznica ) is a Serbian boxer .
Michael Wiseman ( born 1966 or 1967 ) is an American television and film actor .
George Rex Graham ( January 18 , 1813 -- July 13 , 1894 ) was a journalist , editor , and publishing entrepreneur from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Jim Banks ( born July 16 , 1979 ) is an American politician and Republican member of the Indiana Senate .
Olivia Palermo ( born February 28 , 1986 ) is an American socialite .
Haakon Shetelig ( June 25 , 1877 - July 22 , 1955 ) was a Norwegian archaeologist , historian and museum director .
Helge N. Albrektsen ( born 1950 ) is a Norwegian lawyer , writer and former politician .
Charles Eugene Branstool ( born December 13 , 1936 ) is an American politician of the Democratic party .
Dylan McGrath ( born 1977 ) is an award - winning Irish celebrity head chef .
Imre Simon ( August 14 , 1943 -- August 13 , 2009 ) was a Hungarian - born Brazilian mathematician and computer scientist .
Kathryn Rosemary Bullard ( born January 27 , 1987 ) , known as Katy Rose , is an American singer , songwriter , producer , musician and actress .
Jean de Cointac , also Contat or Cointa , was a former French Dominican friar who was one of the voyagers attempting the French colonization of Brazil called France Antarctique .
Aaron of Alexandria was a physician active in the 7th century .
Dean E. Fischer ( born ca . 1936 ) was a United States journalist with Time who served as Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs from 1981 to 1982 .
Dr. W. Gene Corley , P.E. was an American structural engineer and `` preeminent expert on building collapse investigations and building codes . ''
Jonas Folger ( born August 13 , 1993 ) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer who currently is a rider in the Moto2 World Championship .
At around the same time , Perpessicius focused some of his studies on the work of Lazăr Şăineanu , a linguist and folklorist whom specialized criticism of the time had come to ignore .
Farhatullah Babar ( Urdu : فرحت اللہ بابر ‎ ) is a Pakistani technocrat , left - wing statesman , Chemical engineer , and former press secretary of the former President Asif Zardari .
Hani Elteir ( Arabic : هاني الطير‎ ; born May 10 , 1981 ) is an Egyptian former swimmer , who specialized in long - distance freestyle events .
Guillaume Alexis ( precise birth and death dates unknown ) was a French Benedictine monk and poet of the late 15th and early 16th centuries , nicknamed the `` Good Monk '' .
Paul Baskis is an Illinois biochemist , who , in the 1980s found a way of synthetically producing oil from industrial and household wastes without expending more energy than is produced .
Harry Horner ( July 24 , 1910 - December 5 , 1994 ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born American art director who made a successful career in Hollywood as an Academy Award winning art director and as a feature film and television director .
Horace Grant Underwood ( July 19 , 1859 - October 12 , 1916 ) was a Presbyterian missionary , educator , and translator who dedicated his life to developing Korean society and Christianity .
Yehua Dennis Wei ( Simplified Chinese : 魏也华 , born in Zhejiang , China in 1963 ) is a Chinese - American geographer .
Charles I. Dawson ( February 13 , 1881 -- April 24 , 1969 ) was a lawyer and politician from Kentucky who ran several high profile campaigns as the nominee of the Republican party , and served for ten years as a United States federal judge .
Bedo Aeddren ( fl . c. 1500 ) was a Welsh language poet from the area that is now Denbighshire , north - east Wales .
Steven P. Perskie ( born January 10 , 1945 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is a former New Jersey Superior Court judge in Atlantic City , New Jersey and a former Democratic Party politician from Margate City , New Jersey .
Helen C. Frederick ( born 1945 in Pennsylvania ) is an American artist , known mainly for printed media and large - scale works created by hand papermaking as a medium of expression that often incorporate the use of language .
Jerzy Dąbrowski ( September 8 , 1899 - September 17 , 1967 ) was a Polish aeronautical engineer .
Arturo Santos Hernández ( born July 9 , 1987 ) is a Mexican Luchador or professional wrestler and bodybuilder , better known by his ring name Mini Charly Manson .
Peter Buchman ( born July 13 , 1967 ) is an American screenwriter and his writing credits include the screenplays for Jurassic Park III .
Alex Nevil ( born January 25 , 1965 ) is an American actor and younger brother of 1980s pop musician Robbie Nevil .
Cameron McGlinchey is the former drummer of the Australian band Rogue Traders .
Mangesh Panchal ( born December 27 , 1973 ) is an Indian - born Dutch One Day International cricketer .
Lisa Owen , is a Mexican actress and writer .
Kevin J. Tracey , a neurosurgeon and inventor , is the president and CEO of the Feinstein Institute for Medical Research , professor of neurosurgery and molecular medicine at Hofstra North Shore LIJ School of Medicine , and President of the Elmezzi Graduate School of Molecular Medicine in Manhasset , New York .
Donald Alexander Cochrane is a Canadian composer , responsible for compositions , including symphonies , quintets and mixed choral / orchestra pieces .
Michael Arabian was a playwright and novelist of the early 20th century .
Sheila Scott Macintyre ( née Sheila Scott , April 23 , 1910 - March 21 , 1960 ) was a Scottish mathematician best known for her work on the Whittaker constant .
David Peck Todd ( March 19 , 1855 -- June 1 , 1939 ) was a noted American astronomer .
Maria Markova ( Russian : Мария Александровна Маркова ) is a Russian poet .
William Thomas Rawleigh was a businessman and politician in the state of Illinois .
Martín López - Zubero Purcell ( born April 23 , 1969 ) , also known as Martin Zubero , is a former competition swimmer and Olympic gold medalist .
Susumu Yokota ( 横田 進 Yokota Susumu , or ススム・ヨコタ Susumu Yokota ) was a Japanese composer .
Roland Manookian ( born 8 September 1979 ) is an English actor , who is most notable for his role as Zebedee , in the 2004 film The Football Factory , and as Craig Rolfe in Rise of the Footsoldier in 2007 .
Paul Westcott ( born April 22 , 1984 ) is an American radio host , political commentator , and blogger .
Ahmad Khalaf al - Dulaimi ( Arabic : احمد خلف الدليمي‎ , also Ahmad Khalaf Muhammad al - Dulaimi , Ahmed Khalaf Dheyabi ) is an Iraqi politician and the Governor of Al Anbar province since August 2013 .
David Bravo Bueno ( born February 20 , 1978 ) is a Spanish lawyer specialized in intellectual property rights .
Gijs Hoetjes , writing under the pseudonym Gijs IJlander ( born Alkmaar , May 19 , 1947 ) is a Dutch writer .
Samuel Hafenreffer ( 1587 - -1660 ) was a German physician , who in 1660 introduced the definition of pruritus .
Mitchell Kennerley ( August 14 , 1878 - February 22 , 1950 ) was an American publisher , editor , and gallery owner .
Morton DaCosta ( March 7 , 1914 -- January 26 , 1989 ) was an American theatre and film director , film producer , writer , and actor .
Paul O'Dea ( July 3 , 1920 -- December 11 , 1978 ) was an American professional baseball player , manager and scout .
Randall W. Eberts ( born May 18 , 1951 ) is an American economist who specializes in the public workforce system , public finance , urban economics , labor economics , infrastructure and productivity , and policies promoting student achievement .
Violet Kazue de Cristoforo ( September 3 , 1917 -- October 3 , 2007 ) was a Japanese American poet , composer and translator of haiku .
Jan Goodwin is an author and investigative journalist with a focus on war , conflict and human rights , women 's issues and the Islamic world .
Nawang Dorje Sherpa , is a Nepalese mountaineer and mountain guide , best known for the first ascent of Dhaulagiri , as a member of Helvetic - Austrian expedition and many ascents in the mountains of the Himalaya Range .
Ian Shepherd ( born 1971 ) is a British mastering engineer , Blu - ray and DVD author .
Nataliya Khudyakova ( Ukrainian : Наталія Худякова ; born February 8 , 1985 in Brovary , Kiev Oblast ) is a Ukrainian swimmer , who specialized in freestyle events .
Blanche Marvin MBE , ( born 1925 , formerly Blanche Zohar ) , is a UK - based , American theatre critic , producer , playwright and former actor .
Charles Henry Webb ( January 24 , 1834 -- May 24 , 1905 ) was an American poet , author and journalist .
Florence Hershman is an American writer of over a dozen romance novels since 1977 , well known as Diana Haviland , she also wrote a novel as Diana Browning .
Robert E. Kent ( 1911 in Canal Zone , Panama -- 1984 ) was an American film writer and film producer .
Dino Geromella ( Pula , Croatia , 1984 ) is an Italian journalist , author and cultural manager , also known for a controversy with his editor , after they offered him cakes instead of payment for his work .
Judith Josephine Grossman ( January 21 , 1923 -- September 12 , 1997 ) , who took the pen - name Judith Merril about 1945 , was an American and then Canadian science fiction writer , editor and political activist , and one of the first women to be widely influential in those roles .
Tamara Černá is a Czech photographer .
Charles Neal Barney ( June 27 , 1875 - April 24 , 1949 ) was a Massachusetts politician who served as a member of the Common Council and as the 31st Mayor of Lynn , Massachusetts .
Michael Sergio is an actor , most famous for parachuting into Shea Stadium during Game 6 of the 1986 World Series , wearing a sign proclaiming `` Let 's Go Mets '' .
Elisa Gabbai was a German - singing Israeli singer who became famous in the late 1960s .
Sharron Kraus is an English singer , songwriter and musician with strong ties to the US .
Narding Anzures was a Filipino film actor and convicted murderer .
James Griffith ( February 13 , 1916 -- September 17 , 1993 ) was an American character actor , musician and screenwriter .
Rupinder Nagra is an actor who has been working Internationally .
Dianne Cohler - Esses , who grew up in New York , is the first Syrian - Jewish woman to become a rabbi , and the first Syrian - Jewish non - Orthodox rabbi .
Serafino Raffaele Minich or Serafin Rafael Minić ( December 8 , 1808 -- May 29 , 1883 ) was a Croatian - Italian mathematician .
Arthur Alper ( born June 4 , 1928 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American former volleyball player .
Dimosthenis Dogkas ( Greek : Δημοσθένης Δόγκας , died October 25 , 1905 ) was a Greek politician from Elis .
Bénéwendé Stanislas Sankara ( born February 23 , 1959 ) is a Burkinabé politician and the President of the Union for Rebirth / Sankarist Movement ( UNIR / MS ) party .
Scott McQuaig ( born January 27 , 1959 , in Meridian , Mississippi ) is an American country music singer - songwriter .
Delby Powless ( born July 3 , 1980 ) , is a Mohawk lacrosse player from the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation near Brantford , Ontario .
Annie Gallup is an American singer / songwriter .
Mattos Nascimento is a Brazilian musician , singer , composer and trombonist .
A prolific writer , Chrysippus expanded the fundamental doctrines of Zeno of Citium , the founder of the school , which earned him the title of Second Founder of Stoicism .
Giorgio Cavaglieri ( August 11 , 1911 -- May 15 , 2007 ) was an Italian American architectural preservationist and painter of gouaches .
Imants Lancmanis ( born July 29 , 1941 ) is Latvian painter and art historian .
Carlos Cortez ( August 13 , 1923 -- January 19 , 2005 ) was a poet , graphic artist , photographer , muralist and political activist , active for six decades in the Industrial Workers of the World .
Ray Weymann is a retired astronomer and astrophysicist , associated with the Carnegie Institution of Washington .
George Henry Boker ( October 6 , 1823 -- January 2 , 1890 ) was an American poet , playwright , and diplomat .
Sirilal Kodikara is a novelist , poet , journalist , and radio play writer who writes in Sinhala .
Xie Xide ( Chinese : 謝希德 ; pinyin : Xiè Xīdé ; 1921 - -2000 ) , also known as Hsi - teh Hsieh and as Hilda Hsieh , was a Chinese physicist .
Lorne Honickman is a lawyer and journalist in Toronto , Canada .
Heather Graham Pozzessere ( born March 15 , 1953 ) is a best - selling US writer , who writes primarily romance novels .
Stacy Landis , better known by his stage name Skatterman ( pronounced Scātterman ) , is an American rapper from Kansas City , Missouri .
Santiago Fierro Fierro ( born October 29 , 1921 ) is a Mexican politician and medical doctor .
Irva Hertz - Picciotto ( born c. 1948 ) , is an environmental epidemiologist best known for her studies of autism .
Pierre - Richard Prosper ( born 1963 ) is an American lawyer , prosecutor and former government official .
Ernst Arnold Kohlschütter ( July 6 , 1883 -- May 28 , 1969 ) was a German astronomer and astrophysicist from Halle .
Osao Chosei Funahara ( born December 10 , 1953 ) is a musician and film director and producer .
Anette Wilhelm ( born Anette Svensson on March 22 , 1972 ) is a Swedish wheelchair curler .
Toni Wilhelm ( born 1983 ) is a German competitive windsurfer .
Victor Neumann ( born October 28 , 1953 ) is a Romanian historian , political analyst , and professor at the West University in Timişoara .
Kurt Philipp ( born July 11 , 1928 ) is a prominent Austrian painter .
Michael Halsey is a British actor who has appeared in many series including Blake 's 7 and Are You Being Served ? .
Tim Rogerson is an American painter of Disney Fine Art who was an official artist of the 2006 Winter Olympic Games in Turin , Italy .
Paul Pastur ( February 7 , 1866 -- June 8 , 1938 ) was a Belgian lawyer and politician from Hainaut .
Mathew St. Patrick ( born Patrick Mathews ; March 17 , 1968 ) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of Keith Charles on the HBO drama television series Six Feet Under .
Serranus Clinton Hastings ( November 22 , 1814 -- February 18 , 1893 ) was a 19th - century politician , rancher and a prominent lawyer in the United States .
Tyson Gay ( born August 9 , 1982 ) is an American track and field sprinter , who competes in the 100 and 200 meters dash .
Patrice Stellest , ( a.k.a . `` Stellest '' ; born May 23 , 1953 ) is a Swiss , painter , sculptor and filmmaker .
Marjorie Bransfield is an American former actress , who was married to actor James Belushi ( 22 September 1990 - April 1992 ) .
Nobu McCarthy ( November 13 , 1934 -- April 6 , 2002 ) was a Japanese Canadian actress , stage director , and fashion model .
Mike Campese ( born April 2 , in Albany , New York ) is an American guitarist and composer best known for being a member of the multi - platinum group Trans - Siberian Orchestra .
Richard Divall AO , OBE ( born 9 September 1945 , Sydney ) is a conductor and musicologist .
Abdias do Nascimento ( March 14 , 1914 -- May 23 , 2011 ) was a prominent Afro - Brazilian scholar , artist , and politician .
PeterLicht is a German electropop musician and author from Cologne signed with the record label Motor Music , best known for his 2001 single Sonnendeck .
Rodolfo González Pacheco ( 1882 - -1949 ) was an Argentine writer , playwright , orator , anarchistic journalist and activist .
Michał Jelonek ( born May 30 , 1971 ) , also known as Jelonek , is a musician and composer .
Lincoln Peirce ( pronounced `` purse '' ) is an American cartoonist , best known as the creator of the Big Nate comic strip .
Ioannis Kalogeras ( Greek : Ιωάννης Καλογεράς ) was a Greek army officer and politician .
Clive Gregson 's professional music career started as he took the role of lead - singer of Any Trouble , the band he had co - founded in the mid 1970s , assuming the role of lead singer , songwriter and rhythm guitarist , after co - founder Tom Jackson left .
Espiridion Laxa ( December 18 , 1929 -- September 15 , 2009 ) was a Filipino lawyer and film producer .
Ann Friedman is an American magazine editor , journalist , podcaster , and pie chart artist .
Georg Franck - Oberaspach is an architect / urban planner , computer programmer , economist , and philosopher .
Ayla Malik ( Urdu:عائلہ ملک ) is a Pakistani politician and journalist who served as the Member of National Assembly from 2002 to 2007 on a reserved seat for women .
David Buskin ( born December 13 , 1943 in New York City ) is a singer , songwriter , performer , author , playwright , jingle composer and girls '' basketball coach .
Alexis Petridis ( born 13 September 1971 in Sunderland ) is an English journalist , head rock and pop critic for the UK newspaper The Guardian , as well as a regular and contributor to the magazine GQ .
Anisha Nicole Gwynn , ( born August 8 , 1985 in San Diego , California ) better known by the stage names Anisha Nicole and Nee - Nee Gwynn , is an R&B , hip hop , and pop singer .
Michael Werikhe Kafabusa , commonly known as Werikhe Kafabusa , is a Ugandan politician .
Willie Strath ( born c. 1842 ) was a Scottish professional golfer .
A bequest by the late William Shirley Fulton , pioneer Arizona archaeologist and founder of the Amerind Foundation of Dragoon , Arizona .
Jamil Nasser , born George Joyner ( June 21 , 1932 -- February 13 , 2010 ) and also credited on some of Ahmad Jamal 's recordings as Jamil Sulieman , was an American jazz musician .
François Hotman ( August 23 , 1524 -- February 12 , 1590 ) was a French Protestant lawyer and writer , associated with the legal humanists and with the monarchomaques , who struggled against absolute monarchy .
Antônio Augusto de Moraes Liberato ( São Paulo , April 10 , 1959 ) , better known as Gugu Liberato , is a Brazilian television presenter , entrepreneur , actor and singer .
Giovanni Battista Ramacciotti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , as well as a engraver and priest , active in Siena .
Alaa Shili ( born December 11 , 1988 ) is a Tunisian boxer who won the featherweight silver at the 2007 All - Africa Games and to qualified for the 2008 Olympics .
János Szlepecz ( Slovene : Janoš Slepec , or Ivan Slepec , June 14 , 1872 -- June 29 , 1936 ) was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest , dean and writer .
Arnold Raum ( October 27 , 1908 -- February 13 , 1999 ) served as a judge on the United States Tax Court from 1950 to 1998 .
Senenmut ( sometimes spelled Senmut , Senemut , or Senmout ) was an 18th dynasty ancient Egyptian architect and government official .
Robert Terry Everett ( born February 15 , 1937 ) is an American politician and a Republican former member of the United States House of Representatives from Alabama 's 2nd congressional district .
Jackie Gayle ( March 1 , 1926 -- November 23 , 2002 ) , born Jack Potovsky , was an American standup comedian and actor .
Joe Minoso is an American theater and television actor .
Aaron Arrowsmith ( 1750 - -1823 ) was an English cartographer , engraver and publisher and founding member of the Arrowsmith family of geographers .
Henry Sargent ( baptized November 25 , 1770 -- February 21 , 1845 ) , American painter and military man , was born in Gloucester , Massachusetts .
Elizabeth Chadwick is an author of historical fictions .
The travel writer Pausanias listed Solon among the seven sages whose aphorisms adorned Apollo 's temple in Delphi .
Anthony D. Galluccio ( born 1967 ) is a former US Massachusetts State Senator , and a Democratic politician having won the seat vacated by Jarrett T. Barrios .
Nicolas Antoine ( c.1602 -- April 20 , 1632 ) was a French Protestant theologian and pastor who attempted to convert to Judaism , although he was never officially admitted to Judaism , due to fears by the Jewish community that persecutions would happen if it became known that he was an apostate of Christianity .
Every time the cowboy actor Lash LaRue came in town , he came by .
Christopher Haydon is a British theatre director and the current Artistic Director of the Gate Theatre in London .
George Chenier ( January 14 , 1907 - - November 11 , 1970 ) was a Canadian snooker player widely regarded as the best player Canada has ever produced .
Sophilos ( active about 590 -- 570 BC ) was an Attic potter and vase painter in the black - figure style .
Alexandru Ghika ( June 22 , 1902 -- April 11 , 1964 ) was a Romanian mathematician , founder of the Romanian school of functional analysis .
Lou Rae is a Tasmanian author and historian of the West Coast of Tasmania .
Jaffar Nazir ( born August 16 , 1977 in Muridke , Punjab ) is a Pakistani first class cricketer .
Emlyn Aubrey ( born January 28 , 1964 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour , Nationwide Tour and the predecessor to the Asian Tour .
Liz Van Dort ( born in Melbourne , Victoria ) is an Australian singer who appeared on the Resurgence ( UK ) and Prikosnovenie ( France ) labels , as well as recording with artists such as Daevid Allen and contributing her vocals to film and TV soundtracks .
Youssouf Sambo Bâ ( born May 10 , 1942 in Boborgou , Niger ) is a Burkinabé politician and retired teacher .
Joan d'Aubusson or d'Albusson ( fl . 1229 ) , known as Johan or Johanet to Occitan contemporaries ( Giovanni in Italian ) , was an Auvergnat ( possibly Limousin ) troubadour and a Ghibelline .
Caroline Watt ( born 1962 ) is a Scottish parapsychologist and psychologist .
Dale Houston ( April 23 , 1940 -- September 27 , 2007 ) was an American singer who , along with his performing partner , Grace Broussard , hit the Billboard chart as Dale & Grace with two rock and roll singles .
Marlene Zuk ( born May 20 , 1956 ) is an American evolutionary biologist and behavioral ecologist .
Abby Zotz is a Canadian singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , and actress .
William C. Lamont ( born November 25 , 1827 Charlotteville , Schoharie County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Erasmus Reinhold ( October 22 , 1511 -- February 19 , 1553 ) was a German astronomer and mathematician , considered to be the most influential astronomical pedagogue of his generation .
Gabriel Garrido is an Argentinian conductor specialising in Italian baroque and the recovery of the baroque musical heritage of Latin America .
Henry - Russell Hitchcock ( 1903 - -1987 ) was a leading American architectural historian of his generation .
Big Herk ( born Amery Dennard on August 30 , 1969 ) is an American rapper from Detroit , Michigan .
Marcelo Del Debbio ( born September 9 , 1974 ) is a Brazilian architect ( graduated from FAU - USP ) and writer , with specialization in semiotics , History of Art and World Religion , best known from his several works in Role Playing Games , comparative mythology , comparative religion , esoteric and masonic texts .
Sean Punch ( born July 27 , 1967 ) is a Canadian writer and game designer .
Stanisław Chełchowski ( February 26 , 1866 , Chojnowo near Przasnysz -- March 23 , 1907 , Ciechanów ) was a Polish naturalist ( botanist and mycologist ) , ethnographer and activist ( social , educational and political ) .
Roger Wehrbein ( born August 18 , 1938 ) is an American politician and a former member of the unicameral Nebraska Legislature .
Gavin Bradley is an award - winning Canadian singer - songwriter and producer based in Toronto who has worked with artists like Nelly Furtado , Tori Amos and Jane Siberry .
Yadin Dudai ( born December 8 , 1944 ) is a neuroscientist , the Sara and Michael Sela Chair of Neurobiology at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel , and the Albert and Blanche Willner Family Global Distinguished Professor of Neural Science at New York University ( NYU ) .
James W. Parkinson ( born 1949 ) is a California lawyer and an activist for reparations to be paid to Americans who were slave laborers for private Japanese companies during World War II . Parkinson was born in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Roy London ( March 3 , 1943 -- August 8 , 1993 ) was an American actor , acting coach and teacher .
Simon Hale is a British composer , arranger , and keyboardist .
Shai Linne ( born August 21 , 1974 ) is an American East Coast Christian rapper .
Robert Lima is an American , poet , literary critic , bibliographer , playwright , editor , biographer , and translator .
Jane Wenham - Jones is an author , journalist , presenter , interviewer , creative writing tutor , writing competition judge , and speaker who lives in Broadstairs , Kent , a town that appears in two of her novels .
Jon Sistiaga as a journalist and José Couso as camera operator .
The son of the French - born ceramic artist Antonin Boullemier , who had moved to Stoke in 1872 to work as a decorator at Minton 's factory , Lucien Boullemier worked as a ceramic artist and painter .
James Morrison ( born June 26 , 1942 ) is an American retired professional wrestler and manager , better known by his ring name , J.J. Dillon .
Giovanni da Milano ( Giovanni di Jacopo di Guido da Caversaccio ) was an Italian painter , known to be active in Florence and Rome between 1346 and 1369 .
Singireddy Harivardhan Reddy ( born in Hyderabad , India ) is an Indian politician and the present Corporator of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation(GHMC ) of Habsiguda , Hyderabad .
Nahum Shahaf ( Hebrew : נחום שחף‎ ) is an Israeli physicist who specializes in ballistics and film technology .
Lucius Caesetius Flavus ( fl . 1st century BC ) was a Roman politician and tribune of the people ( tribunus plebis ) .
Johnny Laboriel ( born Juan José Laboriel López , July 9 , 1942 -- September 18 , 2013 ) was a Mexican rock and roll singer .
Álvaro Vargas Llosa is a Senior Fellow at the Independent Institute , who has been a nationally syndicated columnist for the Washington Post Writers Group , and is the author of the book Liberty for Latin America , which obtained the Sir Anthony Fisher International Memorial Award for its contribution to the cause of freedom in 2005 .
Juliana Hatfield ( born July 27 , 1967 ) is an American musician and singer - songwriter from the Boston area .
Susan Sontag ( /ˈsɒntæɡ/ ; January 16 , 1933 -- December 28 , 2004 ) was an American writer and filmmaker , teacher and political activist .
Jean Farmer - Butterfield ( born October 21 , 1947 ) is an American politician and Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly , representing the state 's twenty - fourth House district since 2003 .
Baek Ji - young ( Hangul : 백지영 , born March 25 , 1976 ) is a South Korean pop ballad singer .
Bogumiła Berdychowska ( born 1964 ) is a Polish writer and journalist , often writing about the Polish minorities in the former USSR and their history .
Jeff Kassel is a Canadian actor who starred as Ron Mitchell in the FX television series Testees .
Xanthos Hadjisoteriou was an acclaimed Cypriot painter and interior designer .
Barry A. Love M.D. is a cardiologist specializing in pediatric and congenital heart problems .
Richard Henry Alvey ( March 6 , 1826 -- September 14 , 1906 ) was an American jurist who served as chief judge of the supreme court of the U.S. state of Maryland , the Court of Appeals , and the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit .
Rutherford B. Irones ( March 4 , 1877 -- February 13 , 1948 ) was a physician and an American Republican politician from California .
Thomas Francis Murphy ( December 3 , 1905 -- October 26 , 1995 ) was a federal prosecutor and judge in New York City .
Alan Gauld ( born 1932 ) is a British parapsychologist , psychologist and writer best known for his research on the history of hypnotism .
John Mann Goggin ( May 27 , 1916 , Chicago -- May 4 , 1963 , Gainesville ) was a cultural anthropologist in the southwest , southeast , Mexico , and Caribbean , primarily focusing on the ethnology , cultural history , and typology of artifacts from archaeological sites .
Yi Han - cheol(이한철 , b.1808 ~ d. ? ) was a painter of Joseon .
General Kārlis Goppers ( April 2 , 1876 , Plāņi parish -- March 25 , 1941 at Ulbroka ) was a Latvian military officer and the founder and President of Latvijas Skautu un Gaidu Centrālā Organizācija .
Geronimo Meynier ( born 1941 ) is a retired Italian teen film actor who starred in Italian cinema of the 1950s and early 1960s .
Phyllis Nelson ( October 3 , 1950 -- January 12 , 1998 ) was an American singer , most famous for her UK chart - topping recording , `` Move Closer '' .
Lee Si - young ( born Lee Eun - rae on April 17 , 1982 ) is a South Korean actress and amateur boxer .
Ferenc Koncz ( born October 2 , 1959 ) is a Hungarian teacher and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Szerencs ( Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén County Constituency XI ) from 2010 to 2014 .
František Kasanič ( born 2 March 1976 ) is a Slovak pro boxer .
Tommaso Tommasina ( Novara , Piedmont , November 26 , 1855 - 1935 ) was an Italian painter and sculptor .
Luis A. Berdiel Rivera ( born October 8 , 1962 in Adjuntas , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican politician and member of the Senate of Puerto Rico since 2009 .
Ryan Blair ( born July 14 , 1977 ) is an American entrepreneur and author .
Ricky Dean Logan is an American actor who has been in movies and on television .
Joseph Gangemi is a screenwriter and novelist .
Mary Jocelyn Burgener ( née Rivers ; March 4 , 1949 ) is a businesswoman and politician .
Michael Hankinson was a British screenwriter , film editor and director .
Serdar Avcı ( born July 1 , 1985 ) is a Turkish boxer in the bantamweight ( 54 kg ) discipline .
Robert McMurtry is a physician and special advisor to the Canadian Royal Commission on the Future of Health Care .
Iseabail Ní Mheic Cailéin , Gaelic noblewoman and poet , fl .
Mark Ronald is an American engineer with strong ties to the defense industry .
Rafael Quiñones Vidal ( November 13 , 1892 in Mayagüez , Puerto Rico -- March 7 , 1988 ) was a journalist and a radio and television Master of Ceremonies .
Víctor Manuel Báez Chino ( died 14 June 2012 ) was a Mexican crime journalist and editor for the digital edition of the Milenio newspaper in Xalapa and an editor for the crime - oriented website Reporteros Policiacos .
Nat Quansah is a botanist from Ghana , and a doctorate in philosophy .
Joseph Hitches ( dates unknown ) was an English cricketer who played in major matches during the 1740s , chiefly associated with London Cricket Club .
Panos G. Georgopoulos , Ph.D. is a scientist working in the field of Environmental Health and specializing in Mathematical Modeling of Environmental and Biological Systems .
Yung Ho Chang ( Chinese : 张永和 ; pinyin : Zhang Yonghe ) is a Chinese - American architect and Professor of MIT Architecture .
Shri Mool Chand Meena is an Indian politician and former Member of Parliament ( 1992 - 2006 . )
Simon Carless is an English video game industry publisher , journalist , editor and game designer .
Josann McGibbon is an American screenwriter working in partnership with Sara Parriott .
Nii Allotey Odunton , a mining engineer from Ghana , is Secretary - General of the International Seabed Authority , serving a four - year term from January 1 , 2009 .
Rachida Triki is a philosopher , art historian , and art curator , currently full Professor of Philosophy at Tunis University specialized in Aesthetics .
Eugene Pidgeon is a dwarf actor / writer / activist .
Benedict Sandiford is a British actor who is best known for his role as son Neil on the British sitcom Barbara and for ' Harry Enfield & Chums ' in 1997 .
Mitch Byrd is a comic book artist , who works primarily as a penciller .
Howard Martin Temin ( December 10 , 1934 -- February 9 , 1994 ) was a U.S. geneticist and virologist .
Antonio Pettigrew ( November 3 , 1967 -- August 10 , 2010 ) was an American sprinter who specialized in the 400 meters .
Calvin Bellamy , better known as Coo Coo Cal , is an American rapper from Milwaukee , WI .
José Garriga Picó ( born March 19 , 1948 ) is a Puerto Rican politician and former senator affiliated with the New Progressive Party ( PNP ) .
José Roberto Cea is a pre - eminent contemporary Salvadoran novelist and poet .
Selahattin Özmen is a Turkish plastic surgeon .
Brendan Bower is an Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond , Essendon and North Melbourne .
Roger Greenwald is an American poet , translator , and editor based in Toronto , Canada .
In the 2000s he also befriended the poet , artist and photographer Adam Donaldson Powell , with whom he authored in 2009 Gaytude , a volume of poetry encompassing the gay experience on the five continents with photography by Albert Russo .
Reza Allamehzadeh ( Persian : رضا علامه‌زاده ) is an Iranian - born Dutch filmmaker , film critic and writer who lives in the Netherlands .
Christopher D. M. Fletcher ( born March 13 , 1958 ) is a British pathologist who has written more than 500 peer reviewed articles and is a chairman of the World Health Organization 's Working Group .
Keshinro Ololade ( born March 14 , 1995 ) , popularly known by his stage name Lil Kesh , is a Nigerian singer , rapper and songwriter .
Barbara Loden ( July 8 , 1932 -- September 5 , 1980 ) was a Broadway Tony award - winning American stage and film actress , model , and stage / film director .
Molly Bee ( August 18 , 1939 -- February 7 , 2009 ) , born Mollie Gene Beachboard , was an American country music singer famous for her 1952 recording of the early perennial , `` I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus '' , and as Pinky Lee 's sidekick on The Pinky Lee Show .
Susan Charlotte ( born July 21 , 1954 ) is an award - winning American playwright , screenwriter and author .
Mahasti Shahrokhi ( Persian : مهستی شاهرخی ‎‎ ) is an Iranian novelist , poet , and winner of numerous literary prizes .
John Forster Charlton ( 1915 - -89 ) , was an English traditional musician , originally from near Hexham , Northumberland , who later settled in Gateshead .
Robert Sterling Arnold ( January 26 , 1905 -- February 8 , 2003 ) was an American shape note music publisher , singer , composer , singing school teacher , and is a cousin to famed country western singer , Eddie Arnold .
Frédéric Guesdon ( born October 14 , 1971 ) is a French former professional road bicycle racer who competed as a professional between 1995 and 2012 , most notably for UCI ProTeam FDJ - BigMat , spending 16 years of his career with the team .
Gerrit van Santen or Gerard Cornelisz van Santen ( 1591/92 - -1656 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and writer .
Charles Major ( July 25 , 1856 -- February 13 , 1913 ) was an American lawyer and novelist .
Tanee McCall ( born April 17 , 1981 ) is an American actress and dancer notable for her appearance as the lead in music videos as well as her role as Toya in You Got Served .
Luther Jewett ( December 24 , 1772 -- March 8 , 1860 ) was an American doctor , minister and politician .
Cornelia Hancock ( February 8 , 1840 -- December 31 , 1927 ) was a celebrated volunteer nurse , serving the injured and infirmed of the Union Army during the American Civil War .
John McKinnon Crawford ( 1931 - -2005 ) was a Scottish painter and teacher .
Elliott Baker ( December 15 , 1922 -- February 9 , 2007 ) , born Elliot Joseph Cohen , was a screenwriter and novelist .
Larry Clinton ( August 17 , 1909 -- May 2 , 1985 ) was a trumpeter who became a prominent American bandleader and arranger .
Aislinn Hunter , BFA , MFA , MSc Writing and Cultural Politics , ( born in Belleville , Ontario ) is a Canadian poetry and fiction author .
Friedrich August von Alberti ( September 4 , 1795 -- September 12 , 1878 ) was a German geologist whose ground - breaking 1834 publication recognized the unity of the three characteristic strata that compose the sedimentary deposits of the Triassic period in Northern Europe .
Erik Naggum ( June 13 , 1965 -- June 17 , 2009 ) was a Norwegian computer programmer recognized for his work in the fields of SGML , Emacs and Lisp .
Broadus Mitchell ( December 27 , 1892 -- April 28 , 1988 ) was a historian , professor , and author .
Iraj Rahmanpour ( Persian : ایرج رحمانپور‎ ) is an Iranian poet , singer , songwriter , and writer .
William S. Gaither ( December 3 , 1932 -- September 11 , 2009 ) was a civil engineer and former president of Drexel University .
Eric Hays is a former University of Montana basketball player who served as head basketball coach of at Hellgate High School in Missoula , Mont. , for 25 years .
Orbán Kolompár ( born September 24 , 1963 ) is a Hungarian Romani politician and activist , who served as President of the National Gypsy Council ( OCÖ ) from 2003 to 2011 .
Major - General William Roy FRS , AS ( 1726 - -1790 ) was a Scottish military engineer , surveyor , and antiquarian .
Ian Michael Smith ( born May 5 , 1987 ) is an American actor , known for his starring role in Simon Birch .
Sheila Lowe is a British - born novelist and graphologist who has lived in the United States since 1964 .
Beebe Steven Lynk , an African American chemist , was born in Mason , Tennessee , on October 24 , 1872 , the daughter of Henderson and Judiam ( Boyd ) Steven .
Kumari Kanchan Dinkerao Mail ( March 16 , 1950 -- July 26 , 2004 ) was an Indian singer best known as part of the husband - wife group Babla & Kanchan .
Joseph Runningfox is a Pueblo actor who resides in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Alejandro Gómez Maganda ( March 3 , 1910 -- September 14 , 1984 ) was a Mexican politician and a former Governor of Mexican state of Guerrero from 1951 to 1954 .
Nor Aini Shariff is a Malaysian fashion designer and founder of the JARUMAS label .
Michael Dellaira ( born August 5 , 1949 ) is a composer of classical music .
Neşe Şensoy Yıldız ( born June 10 , 1974 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish judoka , who competed in the women 's extra - lightweight category .
Hansel Ndumbe Eyoh ( November 11 , 1949 -- September 7 , 2006 ) was a Cameroonian theatre director , critic , and playwright , and professor of Theatre Arts at the University of Yaoundé I. Ndumbe Eyoh was born in Kurume , Southwest Province .
Mary Olive McKean ( August 10 , 1915 -- March 31 , 2006 ) , also known by her married name Olive Mucha , was an American competition swimmer and swimming coach .
Jonny Blair is a Scottish film director and screenwriter best known for his short film The Groundsman starring David O'Hara .
Susan Neiman ( born March 27 , 1955 ) is an American moral philosopher , cultural commentator , and essayist .
Galen Yuen is an Asian American character actor who played a number of bit parts in Hollywood action and martial arts films from the early 1990s onward .
As a diplomat , Ivan Muravyov - Apostol applied efforts to intensify the activity of the Second Coalition against France .
Cleveland notes further that : `` Today , Gretton is remembered by many of his generation as the composer of songs that celebrate the pleasures of the outdoors . H. W. Gretton 's tramping songs `` A Fast Pair of Skis '' and `` No More Double Bunking '' are also included on the historical website NZ Folk Songs .
Alan Rich ( June 17 , 1924 -- April 23 , 2010 ) was an American music critic who served on the staff of many newspapers and magazines on both coasts .
Sean Elsbernd ( born February 7 , 1976 ) is an American politician who represented District 7 on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors .
Joan Weber ( December 12 , 1935 -- May 13 , 1981 ) was an American popular music singer .
R. A. Mihailoff is an American actor and former professional wrestler .
Alexa Loo ( born on October 6 , 1972 in Richmond , British Columbia ) is a Canadian snowboarder of Chinese descent .
Luca Zordan is a photographer based in New York City who specializes in photographing children .
Aleksandra Vrebalov ( born September 22 , 1970 in Novi Sad , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian composer based in New York City .
Maxine Allen ( November 7 , 1913 -- September 16 , 1995 ) was an American bowler specializing in duckpin bowling , although when duckpin lanes began disappearing in the 1960s she switched to in ten pins .
Drew van Coller ( born 9 February 1987 ) is a South African rugby union player who most recently played for the Pumas in the Vodacom Cup and Currie Cup competitions .
Boris Farmakovsky ( 1870 , Vyatka -- July 29 , 1928 near Leningrad ) was a Russian archaeologist , who began professional excavations of the ancient Greek colony of Olbia in Ukraine .
Diomedes Matos is a Puerto Rican musician and master instrument maker who is most famous for building string instruments .
Walter Hendl ( January 12 , 1917 -- April 10 , 2007 ) was an American conductor , composer and pianist .
Karl Ivan Westman ( August 5 , 1889 -- April 24 , 1970 ) , Swedish diplomat , 1928 - -1938 Sweden 's Minister in Bern and at the League of Nations , in connection with the Continuation War Sweden 's ambassador to Helsinki March 1941 --
Nikos Karouzos ( Greek : Νίκος Καρούζος ) was a Greek modernist poet .
Zurab Adeishvili ( Georgian : ზურაბ ადეიშვილი ) ( born July 27 , 1972 ) is a Georgian lawyer and politician , serving as the Minister of Justice of Georgia from November 2008 to October 2012 .
Stefano Bizzarri known as Bizzo ( born March 30 , 1990 in Seattle , Washington ) is an Italian racing driver .
G. Anil Kumar ( born 1972 , Bangalore , India ) is noted Indian journalist , columnist and writer .
William C. Brown ( May 22 , 1916 -- February 3 , 1999 ) was an American electrical engineer who helped to invent the crossed - field amplifier in the 1950s and also pioneered microwave power transmission in the 1960s .
Samba Diouldé Thiam is a Senegalese politician and mathematician from Matam .
Josua Koroibulu is a rugby league player for Armidale .
Sue Jameson is an Anglo - Australian journalist and television presenter , best known for her roles on GMTV , Daybreak and Good Morning Britain as a news correspondent .
Kalamandalam Kesavan was an Indian kathakali percussionist , playwright and actor in Indian cinema .
Benjamin Dudley Tarlton ( October 18 , 1849 -- September 22 , 1919 ) was an American lawyer , legislator , judge , and professor .
Irina Armstrong ( Russian : Ирина Армстронг , born December 6 , 1970 in Vologda ) is a Russian - born German darts player , nicknamed Ice Baby .
Louis Jacques Senghor ( born February 24 , 1952 ) is a Senegalese politician , and was a candidate in the February 2007 presidential election .
Henry Forbes Bigelow ( 1867 -- 1929 ) was a Bostonian architect in the firm Bigelow and Wadsworth .
Travis Demsey was the former drummer for The Living End from May 1996 to February 2002 .
Janet Badjan - Young ( born 1937 ) is a Gambian playwright and administrator , `` easily one of the most prolific playwrights '' in the country .
Andy Razaf ( December 16 , 1895 -- February 3 , 1973 ) was an African American poet , composer and lyricist of such well - known songs as `` Ai n't Misbehavin ' '' and `` Honeysuckle Rose '' .
Luis Alfonso Rodríguez López - Cepero , more commonly known by his stage name Luis Fonsi , ( born April 15 , 1978 ) is a Latin Grammy winning Puerto Rican singer , composer and dancer .
Giovanni Andrea Casella ( 17th century ) was a Swiss - Italian painter active in the Baroque period .
Park Shin - hye ( Hangul : 박신혜 ; born February 18 , 1990 ) is a South Korean actress , singer and dancer .
Christopher Haigh is a British historian specialising in religion and politics around the English Reformation .
Beverly McDermott , C.S.A. ( December 21 , 1926 -- January 19 , 2012 ) was an American casting director whose career spanned more than forty years .
André Lauren Benjamin ( born May 27 , 1975 ) , better known by his stage name André 3000 ( formerly known as André ) , is an American rapper , singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , record producer and actor , best known for being part of hip hop duo Outkast alongside fellow rapper Big Boi .
Ernst Lohse ( 1944 - -1994 ) was a Danish architect and designer known for his colourful post - modernistic style as well as stylised country and cityscapes of quintessential Danish motifs .
Hans Povel ( born ca . 1954 ) is a retired Dutch rower who won three medals at the World Lightweight Rowing Championships in 1977 - -1979 in the coxless fours and coxed eights .
Calcidius ( or Chalcidius ) was a 4th - century philosopher ( and possibly a Christian ) who translated the first part ( to 53c ) of Plato 's Timaeus from Greek into Latin around the year 321 and provided with it an extensive commentary .
Malvina Reynolds ( August 23 , 1900 -- March 17 , 1978 ) was an American folk / blues singer - songwriter and political activist , best known for her song - writing , particularly the songs `` Little Boxes '' and `` Morningtown Ride . ''
Margherita Pillini was an Italian painter , active mainly in the late 19th century in Turin and Paris .
Jess Barker ( June 4 , 1912 -- August 8 , 2000 ) was an American film actor of the 1930s and 1940s .
Clarence Fok Yiu - leung ( 霍耀良 ) is a Hong Kong film director and actor from Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Gour Das Bysack ( sometimes parts of his name have been transliterated as Gaur , Dass , Dos , Bysac ) was a Bengali writer prominent in the late 19th century .
Vera Yurasova is a Russian physicist who has contributed to the study of the processes of interactions between ion beams and solid surfaces , both their experimental characteristics and their physical mechanisms .
Carlo Prater ( born June 25 , 1981 ) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division .
Stanisław Nogaj was a Polish journalist and writer from Silesia .
Bern Bennett ( October 19 , 1921 -- May 29 , 2014 ) was an American radio and television announcer .
Jane Kean was the sister - in - law of actor Lew Parker , best known as Lou Marie , the father of Marlo Thomas 's character , Ann Marie , on That Girl .
Josh Rhett Noble ( born September 6 , 1980 ) is an award - winning American stage , television , and film actor best known for his role as Gaston in Disney 's Beauty and the Beast in theaters across the country and various guest star roles in Television .
Karl Ricks Anderson ( born 1937 ) is a Latter - day Saint historian whose specialty is the Kirtland period in the history of the Latter Day Saint movement .
Ron Bochar is an American film sound engineer .
Henry Shelton Sanford ( June 15 , 1823 -- May 21 , 1891 ) was a wealthy American diplomat , businessman , and aristocrat from Connecticut who served as United States Ambassador to Belgium from 1861 to 1869 .
Bernard Kates was an American actor on television , in movies and on the stage .
Noel Jenke is a former linebacker in the National Football League and minor league baseball player in the Boston Red Sox organization .
Samuel Vernon Washington ( August 10 , 1927 -- June 7 , 1988 ) was an American actor who starred in film and television .
Renato Brozzi ( 1887 - 1963 ) was an Italian sculptor , mainly in bronze , as well as sculptor .
Dion Lam ( 林迪安 ; Lam Dik - On ) is a Hong Kong action choreographer and actor .
Harold Hotelling ( /ˈhoʊtəlɪŋ/ ; September 29 , 1895 -- December 26 , 1973 ) was a mathematical statistician and an influential economic theorist , known for Hotelling 's law , Hotelling 's lemma , and Hotelling 's rule in economics , as well as Hotelling 's T - squared distribution in statistics .
James Clayden is an Australian director and painter based in Melbourne .
Protogenes ( /proʊˈtɒdʒəˌniz/ ; Greek : Πρωτογένης ; fl . 4th century BC ) was an ancient Greek painter , a contemporary rival of Apelles .
Otto René Castillo ( 1934 -- 1967 ) was a Guatemalan poet and revolutionary .
Anaïs Mitchell ( /ɑːˈneɪs/ ; born March 26 , 1981 ) is an American singer - songwriter and musician .
George Alfred Townsend ( January 30 , 1841 -- April 15 , 1914 ) , was a noted war correspondent during the American Civil War , and a later novelist .
Kate Seredy ( 1899 - -1975 ) was a Hungarian - born writer and illustrator of children 's books .
Nene Tomita ( 冨田寧寧 ; Tomita Nene ) , born September 30 , 1982 is a former volleyball player who played for Toray Arrows .
Richard Winn ( 1750 -- December 19 , 1818 ) was an American merchant , surveyor , and politician from Winnsboro , South Carolina .
Wyndham Guise was a British actor who appeared on stage in Edwardian musical comedies beginning in the 1890s and became a film actor during the silent era .
Paulina Ayala ( born June 25 , 1962 ) is a Canadian politician , who served as Member of Parliament for the riding of Honoré - Mercier from 2011 to 2015 .
Barnaby Conrad , Jr. ( March 27 , 1922 -- February 12 , 2013 ) was an American artist and author .
Jahangir Mahmoudi is an Iranian lawyer , human rights activist and politician .
Howard Colquhoun is a British chemist currently at the University of Reading .
Leonard Bacon ( February 19 , 1802 -- December 24 , 1881 ) was an American Congregational preacher and writer .
B. Ajaneesh Loknath ( Kannada : ಬಿ. ಅಜನೀಶ್ ಲೋಕನಾಥ್ , born 20 November ) is an Indian composer who works predominantly in Kannada cinema .
Jean Malouel , or Jan Maelwael in his native Dutch , ( c. 1365 -- 1415 ) was a Netherlandish artist , sometimes classified as French , who was the court painter of Philip the Bold , Duke of Burgundy and his successor John the Fearless , working in the International Gothic style .
Lewis Merrill ( 1834 - -1896 ) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states .
Seymour Rexite ( January 18 , 1908 -- October 14 , 2002 ) , originally Rechtzeit , was an actor and singer of the Yiddish theater , film and radio in the United States , and for some time president of the Hebrew Actors Union .
Roy Hamilton ( April 16 , 1929 -- July 20 , 1969 ) was an American singer , who achieved major success in the United States R&B and pop charts in the 1950s .
Chandrasekhar Billavara is a poker player who won a World Series of Poker bracelet in a $ 1,500 No - Limit Hold'em event .
Jacob Needleman ( born October 6 , 1934 ) is an American philosopher , author and religious scholar .
Joseph Edgar Foreman ( born July 28 , 1974 ) , better known by his stage name Afroman , is an American hip - hop recording artist and musician .
Menachem Youlus is a Baltimore rabbi and Torah scribe who falsely claimed he had rescued Holocaust - era Torah scrolls from Eastern Europe , selling the scrolls at inflated prices .
Edmund Brice ( fl . 1648 -- 1696 ) was an English translator and schoolmaster .
Mary Herrera ( born August 27 , 1959 ) is an American politician , who is the former New Mexico Secretary of State , being first elected in 2006 and leaving office in 2011 after being defeated in her re - election bid .
Roald H. Fryxell ( February 18 , 1934 -- May 18 , 1974 ) was an American educator , geologist and archaeologist .
David Riesman ( September 22 , 1909 -- May 10 , 2002 ) was a sociologist , educator and best - selling commentator on American society .
Robert Hilferty ( December 14 , 1959 -- July 24 , 2009 ) was a New York based journalist , filmmaker and AIDS activist .
LeRoy Fjordbotten ( born November 4 , 1938 ) is a former provincial level politician , farmer and auctioneer .
Ron Fricke is an American film director and cinematographer , specializing in time - lapse photography and large format cinematography .
Andrew Telegdi , PC ( born András Telegdi ; May 28 , 1946 ) is a Canadian politician .
Jill Singer is a well - known Australian journalist , columnist and television presenter .
Waldo Brian Donlevy ( February 9 , 1901 -- April 5 , 1972 ) , later known as Brian Donlevy , was an Irish - American actor , noted for playing dangerous tough guys from the 1930s to the 1960s .
Shozab Raza ( Urdu : شوزيب رضا ) is Pakistani cricket umpire .
Shiraz Uppal is a Pakistani singer , songwriter and music producer .
Mahmoud Sadri is a full professor of sociology at the Federation of North Texas Area Universities that includes Texas Woman 's University , University of North Texas , and A&M University , Commerce .
Carl Daniel Ekman ( March 17 , 1845 -- November 3 , 1904 ) was a Swedish chemical engineer who invented the form of the sulfite process of wood pulp manufacturing which was first established on a firm commercial basis , helping to replace rags as the main raw material of paper with wood pulp .
Antara Chowdhury is a singer and composer of Bengali songs .
Arnold Zellner ( January 2 , 1927 -- August 11 , 2010 ) was an American economist and statistician specializing in the fields of Bayesian probability and econometrics .
Emanuel Sandhu ( born November 18 , 1980 ) is a Canadian figure skater and dancer .
Lorenzo Sawyer ( May 23 , 1820 -- September 7 , 1891 ) was an American lawyer and judge who was appointed the Supreme Court of California in 1860 and served as Chief Justice of California from 1868 - -70 .
Ken Schilz ( born January 17 , 1969 ) is an American politician who is currently a member of the unicameral Nebraska Legislature .
Vincent Signorelli ( more commonly known by Vinny ) is a drummer from New York City , more specifically Brooklyn .
Domiziana Giordano ( born September 4 , 1959 ) is an artist , actress , photographer and video artist .
Gabriel Brühl ( died 1743 ) was a well - known robber in the then Duchy of Limburg , whose criminal career started in the 1720s and ended with his being hanged in 1743 .
Takeshi Yoshida is chief engineer for the 2000 Toyota Corolla and a Senior Managing Director of Toyota Motor Corporation .
George H. Walker ( October 22 , 1811 -- September 20 , 1866 ) was an American trader and politician who helped found the city of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Kim Jihyun ( Hangul : 김지현 ; born on June 16 , 1988 ) , commonly known as G.Soul , is an American singer of Korean descent which is under Studio J subsidiary of JYP Entertainment .
Robin Thomas ( born February 12 , 1949 ) is an American film , television and theater actor , and sculptor .
Deborah Scroggins ( November 27 , 1961 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American journalist and author .
Felice Scotto ( Early 15th Century ) was an Italian painter of the Quattrocento , active in Como in the Region of Lombardy .
Thomas E. Jackson , also known as Tom Jackson or Tommy Jackson , was an American stage and screen actor .
Bob Kraushaar is an English pop music record producer specializing in mixing .
Nelly Makdessy ( Arabic : نيللي مقدسي‎ ) ( born October 10 , 1980 ) is a Lebanese singer , songwriter , record producer , instrumentalist and model .
Frederick Allan Frank ( born October 24 , 1950 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and performer from Peoria , Illinois .
Trestin George ( born August 24 , 1983 ) is an American actor and former professional American football defensive back .
Yael Kraus ( Hebrew : יעל קראוס‎ ; born November 21 , 1977 ) is an Israeli singer - songwriter based in NY .
Giovanni Antonio Guardi ( 1699 -- 23 January 1760 ) , also known as Gianantonio Guardi , was an Italian painter and nobleman .
Morten Lindberg ( born September 23 , 1965 ) , also known as `` Master Fatman '' , is a Danish media personality , comedian , disc jockey , film director , and singer .
Randy Vancourt is a Canadian composer and entertainer .
Robert David Hall ( born November 9 , 1947 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as coroner Dr. Albert Robbins M.D. on the television show CSI :
Maggie Moone is a British singer , best remembered for her role on the UK version of Name That Tune .
Ryan Jay Jimenez ( born September 17 , 1983 ) , better known as RJ Jimenez , is a Filipino singer and guitarist and former scholar of Pinoy Dream Academy .
Galina Miklínová ( July 28 , 1970 ) is an award - winning Czech illustrator and director of cartoons .
Hsin Pei ( Chinese : 心培和尚 ; pinyin : Xīnpéi Héshàng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : sim - pôe hô siōng ; born March 13 , 1970 ) was the seventh and eighth term abbot and director of the Fo Guang Shan , a new religious movement from Taiwan .
Aram Roston is an American investigative journalist , and author of The Man Who Pushed America to War :
Lowell Bruce Laingen ( born August 6 , 1922 ) is an American retired diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Malta from 1977 and 1979 .
Kaleo Wassman ( born January 6 , 1978 ) is an American musician who serves as the lead singer and guitarist of reggae , dub bands Pepper and Sabotage Soundsystem .
Ivan Fíla , alternate name Ivan Fila , is a Czech film director , screenwriter and producer .
Charlene Leonora Smith is a journalist , published author of 14 books , and is an authorized biographer of Nobel Peace Prize winner , and former South African President , Nelson Mandela .
Ilya Perfilyev ( Perfiryev ) ( Russian : Илья Перфильев ( Перфирьев ) ) , was a Russian explorer , polar seafarer and a founder of Verkhoyansk .
Florence Parry Heide ( February 27 , 1919 -- October 23 , 2011 ) was a bestselling American children 's writer .
M.M. Ramachandran ( popularly known as Atlas Ramachandran ) is an Indian businessman , film producer , and actor .
Fanny Rush is a London - based painter known for her portraiture and other paintings .
As a distinguished poet , Firaq Gorakhpuri was well - versed in all traditional metrical forms such as ghazal , nazm , rubaai and qat'aa .
Juan Pablo Orrego is a Chilean environmentalist , president of the activist group Grupo de Acción por el Biobío , which represents the indigenous Pehuenche people in the Biobío Region .
Vanessa Mock is a German radio journalist currently working as a Brussels correspondent for Radio Netherlands .
Thomas E. Powers ( November 14 , 1808 -- December 27 , 1876 ) was a Vermont doctor , newspaper editor and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives .
Matteo di Vittore was an Italian painter of the Renaissance , active in Venice .
Nick Searcy ( born March 7 , 1959 ) is an American actor best known for portraying Chief Deputy United States Marshal Art Mullen on FX 's Justified .
Raymond Clyne McNichols ( June 16 , 1914 -- December 25 , 1985 ) was a federal judge on the United States District Court for the District of Idaho .
Stanford Jolley , Jr. , known as Stan Jolley ( May 17 , 1926 -- June 4 , 2012 ) was an American art director and production designer , originally employed by Walt Disney Studios before he struck out on his own .
Ben Westlund ( September 3 , 1949 -- March 7 , 2010 ) was an American politician in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Junix Inocian ( born Rufino Duran Inocian , Jr. ; March 17 , 1951 -- June 13 , 2015 ) was a Filipino actor and comedian .
Maritime formed in 2003 out of the ashes of The Promise Ring and The Dismemberment Plan , initially composed of singer / guitarist Davey von Bohlen , drummer Dan Didier ( of The Promise Ring ) and bassist Eric Axelson ( of The Dismemberment Plan ) .
Paul Burlin ( September 10 , 1886 -- March 13 , 1969 ) was an American modern and abstract expressionist painter .
Minnie Joycelyn Elders ( born Minnie Lee Jones ; August 13 , 1933 ) is an American pediatrician and public health administrator .
Dolgorsürengiin Sumyaabazar ( Mongolian : Долгорсүрэнгийн Сумъяабазар ) is a Mongolian politician .
Josie Natori , ( born Josefina Almeda Cruz ) is an American fashion designer and the CEO and founder of The Natori Company .
Emile Berliner ( May 20 , 1851 -- August 3 , 1929 ) , originally Emil Berliner , was a German - American inventor .
Antoinette McKenna is a singer and harp player who accompanies her husband , Joe McKenna , a piper .
Philip Hoby became a diplomat , largely thanks to the support he gave to the Protestant Reformation during the reign of King Henry VIII . By 1540 he had married Elizabeth Stonor , daughter of Walter Stonor of Hawton , Nottinghamshire and Fenny Compton , widow of Sir William Compton and of Walter Walshe .
Kevin Stoney ( 22 January 1921 -- 22 January 2008 ) was an English actor , best known for his television roles .
Billy Bob Thornton ( born August 4 , 1955 ) is an American actor , filmmaker , and a hobbyist singer - songwriter and drummer .
Emin Fahrettin Özdilek was a military officer and politician .
Mark DeCarlo ( born June 23 , 1962 ) is an American actor , television host , comedian , and travel and foodie expert .
Darrell Zwerling ( September 9 , 1928 -- April 11 , 2014 ) was an American character actor in film and television .
Phoebe Hoban is an American journalist perhaps known best for her biographies of the artists Jean Michel Basquiat ( `` A Quick Killing in Art '' : Viking 1998 ) and Alice Neel ( Alice Neel : The Art of not Sitting Pretty `` : St. Martin 's Press 2010 ) .
Marsha Milan Londoh ( born December 6 , 1985 in Berrien Springs , Michigan , US ) is a Malaysian singer and actress .
Matt Howarth is an American comic book writer / artist known for such series as Those Annoying Post Bros , Savage Henry , Star Crossed , and Bugtown .
Bernice Eddy ( 1903 - -1999 ) was an American virologist and epidemiologist .
Liana Drahová Vozárová ( born 22 April 1953 in Liberec ) is a Slovak former figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Robin Lim ( `` Mother Robin , '' or `` Ibu Robin '' ) is a midwife and founder of Yayasan Bumi Sehat ( Healthy Mother Earth Foundation ) health clinics , which offer free prenatal care , birthing services and medical aid to anyone who needs it .
Francis H. Rankin , Sr . was a Michigan , United States politician and publisher .
Henri Fazy ( January 31 , 1842 , Berne - December 22 , 1920 , Geneva ) was a Swiss politician and historian .
Little Annie Bandez ( also known as Annie Anxiety or Little Annie Anxiety Bandez ) is a New York born singer , songwriter , painter , poet , writer .
José Javier Rodríguez is a Puerto Rican politician and the current mayor of Las Marías .
Leonard J. Fick ( September 6 , 1915 -- February 4 , 1990 ) was an American Roman Catholic priest , scholar and educator , college president , author in Ohio whose educational career spanned over fifty years .
Michael Jai White ( born November 10 , 1967 ) is an American actor and martial artist who has appeared in numerous films and television series .
Peter Lee Shih Shiong ( Chinese : 李偲菘 ; pinyin : Lǐ Sīsōng ; born 1966 ) is a Singaporean music producer and composer .
Chien - Shiung Wu ( simplified Chinese : 吴健雄 ; traditional Chinese : 吳健雄 ; pinyin : Wú Jiànxióng , May 31 , 1912 -- February 16 , 1997 ) was a Chinese American experimental physicist who made significant contributions in the field of nuclear physics .
Ebbe Grims - land ( June 11 , 1915 -- January 27 , 2015 ) was a Swedish composer and viola player .
In addition to his active career as a film director and producer , David Hillenbrand has had an active music career in film and television .
Hester Jonas ( around 1570 -- December 24 , 1635 ) was a German midwife and cunning woman .
Mahmoud Alavi ( محمود علوی in Persian ; born 4 May 1954 ) is an Iranian cleric , politician and the minister of intelligence in Hassan Rouhani 's government .
Susan Hussey ( June 1 , 1954 -- February 19 , 2009 ) was an American playwright and co - founder of the Gorilla Theatre performing arts venue in Tampa , Florida .
Scott Kelby ( born July 7 , 1960 in Lakeland , Florida ) is an American photographer and an author and publisher of periodicals dealing with photography and Adobe Photoshop software , specifically for design professionals , photographers , and artists .
Mihály Lukács ( November 19 , 1954 -- October 18 , 2012 ) was a Hungarian Romani politician , a founding member of the Lungo Drom party .
Harvey D. Strassman ( September 19 , 1922 -- January 30 , 2011 ) was a psychiatrist , psychoanalyst , medical educator , and clinical researcher .
David Thomas Roberts ( born January 16 , 1955 ) is an American composer and musician , known primarily as a modern ragtime composer .
John Porry Murray ( July 14 , 1830 -- December 21 , 1895 ) was a Confederate politician who served in the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War .
Nina Dittrich ( born November 20 , 1990 in Vienna ) is an Austrian swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events .
George W. Myers ( April 30 , 1864 -- November 23 , 1931 ) was an American astronomer , mathematician and progressive educator .
Bill Reardon ( born June 24 , 1941 ) is an American politician and educator .
Maeve Murphy is an award winning screen writer and film director .
James M. Early ( July 25 , 1922 -- January 12 , 2004 ) was an American engineer , best known for his work on transistors and charge - coupled device imagers .
Orsi Kocsis ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈorʃɪ ˈkoʧiʃ ) given birth name Orsolya ( ˈorʃojɒ ) ) is a Hungarian fashion , glamour , and former art nude model who was 2005 's Hungarian Playmate of the Year ( which she won by audience election as a special prize ) .
Mattheus Terwesten ( 1670 - -1757 ) was a Dutch painter of portraits , architectural , and historical themes .
Hernán Orjuela Buenaventura ( 1957 - - ) is a Colombian television presenter .
Herbert Warren Wind ( August 11 , 1916 -- May 30 , 2005 ) was an American sports writer noted for his writings on golf .
Ramanujam Varatharaja Perumal is an aeronautical scientist and an aerospace engineer of India .
Sabrina Malheiros ( born 1979 ) is a Brazilian MPB singer / songwriter .
Eleanor Clift ( born July 7 , 1940 ) is an American liberal political reporter , television pundit , and author .
Robert Cooley Angell ( April 29 , 1899 - May 12 , 1984 ) was an American sociologist that is prominently known for his studies of individuals interacting in groups of people in a social environment .
Franklin J. Moses , Sr . , born Israel Franklin Moses , ( August 13 , 1804 -- March 6 , 1877 ) was an attorney , planter , politician and judge in South Carolina .
Artur Kyshenko ( Ukrainian : Артур Кишенко , born November 14 , 1986 ) is a Ukrainian middleweight kickboxer , fighting out of Mike Passenier 's Gym in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Donnie Iris ( born Dominic Ierace on February 28 , 1943 ) is an American rock musician known for his work with the Jaggerz and Wild Cherry during the 1970s , and for his solo career beginning in the 1980s with his band , the Cruisers .
Satcha Pretto ( born April 5 , 1980 ) is a Honduran Emmy Award - winning journalist and news co - anchor of the Univision Network 's popular morning show Despierta America .
Fred Weir is a Canadian journalist who lives in Moscow and specializes in Russian affairs .
Kenneth Casey Robinson ( October 17 , 1903 -- December 6 , 1979 ) was an American producer and director of mostly B movies and a screenwriter responsible for some of Bette Davis ' most revered films .
Hooray for Boobies is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Bloodhound Gang , released on October 4 , 1999 , in Europe and February 29 , 2000 , in the US .
V Deep was The Boomtown Rats ' fifth album , and the first to be released after guitarist Gerry Cott left the group .
Let 's Change the World with Music is the eighth album English pop band Prefab Sprout .
`` Let 's Do n't Call It a Night '' is a debut song co - written and recorded by American country music singer and American Idol season 9 finalist Casey James .
Digital Crimes ( 2002 ) is an album by Memorain .
Elizete Cardoso 's 1958 album Canção do Amor Demais is officially considered the first bossa nova album , mostly because it was the first time João Gilberto 's guitar beat , from then on the official bossa beat , was heard ( Gilberto played on the tracks `` Chega de Saudade '' and `` Outra Vez '' ) .
`` Italian Love Song '' is a pop song written by Tina Arena , Francesco De Benedittis , Davide Esposito and Paul Manners , produced by Manners for Arena 's sixth album Greatest Hits 1994 - 2004 ( 2004 ) .
In the Arms of Devastation is the eighth studio album by the Canadian death metal band Kataklysm .
Tell Me What Rockers to Swallow is a music DVD released by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs on October 25 , 2004 , through Polydor .
`` Roadhouse Medley ( Anniversary Waltz Part 25 ) '' is a single released by the British Rock band Status Quo in 1992 .
A Lil ' Sumpin ' Sumpin ' is the fourth studio album by new jack swing group Troop released by Bust It Records on July 22 , 1994 .
Teenage Jesus is the debut DIY release from One Member Synth - Punk Band The Emotron .
Born 4 is the second album from Canadian group Jakalope .
In the Pursuit of Leisure is Sugar Ray 's fifth studio album released in 2003 .
`` Counting the Beat '' is a single by New Zealand rock band The Swingers released in 1981 from their album Practical Jokers ( released in the USA as Counting the Beat ) .
`` Just the Girl '' is a song by American power pop band The Click Five .
Loses Control is the second and final full - length album by Hey Mercedes .
`` Erase Me '' is a song by American recording artist Kid Cudi , released August 17 , 2010 , as the lead single from his second studio album Man on the Moon II :
`` There It Go ( The Whistle Song ) '' is the second single by American rapper Juelz Santana from his second studio album What the Game 's Been Missing!.
Conscious Consumer is the second and final studio album by English punk rock band X - Ray Spex , the first new material recorded by the band in seventeen years .
Forged Prescriptions is a 2-CD album by Spacemen 3 , containing alternate and demo versions of songs from their album The Perfect Prescription , and some previously unreleased tracks .
`` Turn Your Car Around '' is the second single released from Blue member Lee Ryan 's debut solo album , Lee Ryan .
`` Chemical World '' is a song by English alternative rock band Blur , featured on their second album Modern Life Is Rubbish ( 1993 ) .
Introduce Yourself is Faith No More 's second album , released in 1987 .
Secret Symphony is the fifth studio album by singer - songwriter Katie Melua , and was released on 5 March 2012 .
After Everything Now This is the thirteenth album by the Australian psychedelic rock band The Church , released in early 2002 .
10Love ( released on September 27 , 2006 ) is J - pop artist Mayumi Iizuka 's tenth album .
Songs We Remember is an album by a re - incarnated version of The Quarrymen , which was the band that eventually evolved into The Beatles .
Bakesale is the fifth album by American indie rock band Sebadoh .
The Gray Race is the ninth full - length album of the punk rock band Bad Religion , which was released in 1996 .
Search and Nearness is the seventh studio album by rock band The Rascals , released in 1971 .
Sunset & Void is the fifth studio album by the garage punk band The Flaming Stars .
Depende is the second album by the Spanish Latin rock group Jarabe de Palo , released in 1998 .
A New Shape of Desperation the second full album by the extreme metal band By Night .
`` Gitarzan '' is a novelty song released by Ray Stevens in 1969 , about a character who lives in a jungle and forms a musical band with his female partner , Jane , and their pet monkey .
`` Wanna Take You Home '' is a song by the American country music group Gloriana , written by band member Tom Gossin with Matt Serletic and Wendell Mobley .
`` Miss Sarajevo '' is the only single from the 1995 album Original Soundtracks 1 by U2 and Brian Eno , under the pseudonym `` Passengers '' .
How to Walk Away is the eighth solo album by singer / songwriter Juliana Hatfield .
`` I Let the Stars Get In My Eyes '' is country music song that was originally a hit for Goldie Hill in 1953 .
Dreams of Death and Dismay is Anata 's 2nd full - length album .
Mirror Moves is the fourth studio album by the English rock band The Psychedelic Furs , recorded and released in 1984 .
Pocket City was the first album by Art Porter Jr ..
Starting Time is an album by jazz saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label .
`` Party Sequence '' is the seventh track by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd on their third album , More .
`` Start Wearing Purple '' is a song by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello , written by frontman Eugene Hütz .
`` Us Placers '' is the debut song by American supergroup Child Rebel Soldier , a musical collaboration consisting of hip - hop artists Lupe Fiasco , Kanye West and Pharrell Williams .
Vagabond Bones is a studio album by heavy metal band Helix , released on November 17 , 2009 .
No Matter What 's the Cause is the seventh full - length studio album by the German Thrash metal band Holy Moses .
`` Chasin ' That Neon Rainbow '' is a song written by American country music artist Alan Jackson and Jim McBride , and performed by Jackson .
Disco 4 also known as Disco Four is the eighteenth album by the UK electronic music duo Pet Shop Boys and the fourth in the band 's `` Disco '' series .
The Power of Pure Intellect is the first album by PAX , a side project of Sevren Ni - arb from X Marks the Pedwalk and former X Marks the Pedwalk producer AL / X / S.
`` Paper Sun '' was the British band Traffic 's debut single , released in May 1967 .
Stranger on the Sofa is an album , released in 2006 on Central Control by audio / visual artist Barry Adamson .
Coral Fang is the third and final album by the American punk rock band The Distillers .
Escape to Nowhere is the fourth studio album of the American heavy metal band Omen .
The Cognitive Rules is the 2011 EP by British singer - songwriter RJ Thompson .
`` Bet'cha Gon na Need My Lovin' '' is the first single from the 1984 album Heart Do n't Lie , the third album by American singer La Toya Jackson .
Jazz Samba Encore ! is a bossa nova album by Stan Getz and Luiz Bonfá , released on the Verve label .
The Point of It All is the fourth studio album by American R&B and soul singer - songwriter Anthony Hamilton .
`` March On '' is a 2010 dance song by Azerbaijani artist Safura Alizadeh .
Bitte Orca is a studio album by American experimental rock band Dirty Projectors , released on June 9 , 2009 on Domino Records .
Tomate ( English : Tomato ) is the third studio album by pop rock Brazilian band Kid Abelha .
Ghost Repeater is the third solo album from singer / songwriter Jeffrey Foucault .
`` L'amour existe encore '' ( meaning `` Love Still Exists '' ) is a song from Celine Dion 's album Dion chante Plamondon .
`` Un Monde parfait '' ( `` A Perfect World '' in English ) is a 2005 song recorded by French young artist Ilona Mitrecey .
White Lace & Black Leather was the second independent album by the Canadian rock band Helix .
Do You Feel at Home ? is the first album released by the American emo band Commander Venus .
`` Used to Love U '' is the debut single by John Legend from his debut album Get Lifted .
Phrazes for the Young is the debut solo album by American songwriter Julian Casablancas , released on November 2 , 2009 in the UK and November 3 in the US .
Acid Motherhood is a studio album by Gong , released in 2004 .
`` Oye Mi Canto ( Hear My Voice ) '' was the second single by Gloria Estefan from her first album as a solo artist `` Cuts Both Ways '' , released in August 1989 in Europe and the rest of the world in 1990 as the fourth single from the album Cuts Both Ways .
Unquestionable Presence is the second album by the death metal band Atheist .
`` Love and Understanding '' is a rock song by American singer - actress Cher from her 20th studio album , Love Hurts .
`` Heaven 's Just a Sin Away '' is a song composed by Jerry Gillespie , which was recorded in 1977 by The Kendalls .
Poraka ( in Macedonian : Порака , English : Message ) is the sixth solo album by the Macedonian singer Kaliopi , released in the 2010 .
`` Out and In '' is a 1969 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues , from their album To Our Children 's Children 's Children , a concept album about space travel .
`` Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide '' is the debuting single for singer Marvin Gaye , released as Tamla 54041 , in May 1961 .
Face the Heat is the twelfth studio album released by the German band Scorpions in 1993 .
Cabin by the Sea is the second studio album released by American reggae band The Dirty Heads on June 19 , 2012 .
Regulate the Chemicals is an album by indie rock band Twothirtyeight .
Dynamic Stillness is a 2-disc album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach , released in 2009 .
The Art of Breaking Apart is the twelfth album by electro - industrial band Velvet Acid Christ .
Nihil is the eighth studio album by industrial rock group KMFDM , released on April 4 , 1995 on Wax Trax!/TVT .
`` Another Dumb Blonde '' is the debut single from American singer Hoku .
Double , Double You is an album by Kenny Wheeler featuring performances by Wheeler with Mike Brecker , John Taylor , Dave Holland and Jack DeJohnette .
`` Good Good '' is the fourth and final single from Ashanti 's album The Declaration .
`` Es Demasiado Tarde '' ( `` It 's Too Late '' ) is a song written and performed by Mexican singer - songwriter Ana Gabriel .
Oh , salvaje ( English : O , Savage ) is a song recorded by Spanish singer - songwriter Zahara for her fourth studio album , Santa ( 2015 ) .
PeteStrumentals is an instrumental hip hop album from hip hop producer / rapper Pete Rock , his second solo release .
`` Dinosaur Adventure 3D '' is the second single by Underworld from their album A Hundred Days Off .
Jukebox Sparrows is the first full length album by American singer / songwriter Shannon McNally , released in 2002 ( see 2002 in music ) .
A Death - Grip On Yesterday is the third studio album from American metalcore band Atreyu .
`` Please Do n't Go Girl '' is a 1988 ballad single from New Kids on the Block .
`` Just So You Know '' was the second and final single released from Jesse McCartney 's second album , Right Where You Want Me .
All the Houses Look the Same is the first full - length album by indie rock band Deas Vail .
Covering Ground is the third studio album by Chuck Ragan , which was recorded in 2011 and produced by Christopher Thorn .
Portals of Grace is the first solo release from Azam Ali .
Prime Motivator is the fourth full - length LP by The Giraffes .
The Poor Re - Touring Me Tour was a 1997 to 1999 concert tour by the band Metallica .
Our Little Secret is the third studio album from Belgian electronic band Lords of Acid .
`` Gucci Gucci '' is the lead single from American rapper Kreayshawn 's debut studio album , Somethin' ' Bout Kreay ( 2012 ) .
`` The Swiss Maid '' was a 1962 hit song for Del Shannon .
`` This Is a Low '' is a song by English rock band Blur for their third studio album , Parklife .
`` Augen auf ! '' ( German for Eyes Open ! ) is the first single from German industrial metal group Oomph ! from their album , Wahrheit oder Pflicht , and their first released under the GUN label .
`` I Saw It in the Mirror '' is a song by ABBA , released in their 1973 album Ring Ring .
`` You Give Me Something '' is the first single by English singer James Morrison , which was released on 16 July 2006 .
Divided by Night is electronic duo The Crystal Method 's fourth studio album .
' Bout It is the second studio album from contemporary R&B singer Jesse Powell , released September 8 , 1998 , via Silas Records .
S.F. Sorrow is the fourth LP by the British rock group The Pretty Things , released in 1968 .
Dirty Reggae is the debut album by reggae band The Aggrolites .
Definition of a Band is the third studio album by R&B band Mint Condition .
Screwed Up is the third and final album by Queensbridge hip hop group Screwball , released July 19 , 2004 on Hydra Entertainment Records .
`` Anybody Else But You '' is a song by UK hardcore duo Dougal & Gammer .
`` Bombtrack '' is a song by American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine that opens their self - titled debut album .
Animal Serenade is a Lou Reed live album recorded in Los Angeles at the Wiltern Theatre in 2003 after The Raven .
`` This Is Amazing Grace '' is the lead single on Phil Wickham 's fifth studio album The Ascension .
`` Qué Te Pasa '' ( `` What 's Up With You '' ) is a dance song written by J.R. Florez and Gian Pietro DiFelissati , produced by Felissatti and performed by Mexican singer Yuri .
DenGee Livin ' is the third studio album by American rap group DenGee ( formerly known as 187 Fac ) .
`` Rock and Roll Preacher ( Hallelujah I 'm On Fire ) '' is a single from rock band Slade , released in 1982 from the album Till Deaf Do Us Part .
Death to Analog is the first studio debut album from American rock band Julien - K , which was released on March 10 , 2009 ( the European / Digi - Pak release date being March 5 , 2010 ) .
Pointless Nostalgic is Jamie Cullum 's second album but his first major release on a record label .
Embracing Mainstream Success is the sixth studio album by the Lithuanian - American heavy metal band Steel Wolf .
Let 's Get It On is the thirteenth studio album by American recording artist Marvin Gaye , released August 28 , 1973 , on Tamla Records .
Tålamod was released on October 24 , 2007 and is a studio album from Swedish pop singer Shirley Clamp .
`` Just to See Her '' is a 1987 song written by Jimmy George and Lou Pardini and recorded by American R&B recording artist Smokey Robinson from his studio album One Heartbeat ( 1986 ) .
Our Earthly Pleasures is the second album by Newcastle - based alternative rock band Maxïmo Park .
`` Princess of China '' is a duet recorded by British alternative rock band Coldplay and Barbadian recording artist Rihanna for Coldplay 's fifth studio album Mylo Xyloto .
Tubthumper is the eighth studio album by the British band Chumbawamba , and is the album that catapulted them into the mainstream , released by EMI in the UK and in the US by Universal Records .
`` Flowers & Football Tops '' is a song by Scottish Indie rock band Glasvegas , taken from their self - titled debut album .
Hybrid Tango is a side project by the members of Buenos Aires - based electronic neo - tango band Tanghetto .
`` I Engineer '' is a 1986 song by American new wave band Animotion .
`` Jesus Says '' is a song by Ash , released as the first single from their album Nu - Clear Sounds on September 21 , 1998 , reaching number 15 in the UK singles chart .
`` Where Does My Heart Beat Now '' is a song by Canadian singer Celine Dion , taken from her first English - language studio album , Unison ( 1990 ) .
`` She Do n't Use Jelly '' is a 1993 song by The Flaming Lips , and is their biggest radio hit to date .
Orgasmic Nightmare is the fourth full - length album released by the Welsh psychobilly band Demented Are Go .
Slipping Out is an album released by the disco and funk group The Trammps in 1980 .
`` Trust and Believe '' is a song by Grammy - nominated R&B singer / songwriter Keyshia Cole .
Straight Up ( No Bends ) is the debut solo single by East 17 singer Brian Harvey .
`` Brilliant Mind '' is a 1986 single by British new wave band Furniture , from their 1986 album The Wrong People .
`` Cheap Trick Kinda ' Girl '' is the fourth single from the Danish dance / house duo Infernal .
`` Blister in the Sun '' is a song by the American alternative rock band Violent Femmes , originally released on their 1983 self - titled debut album .
This Is This ! is the sixteenth and final studio album by Weather Report .
`` And No Matches '' is a single by German techno group Scooter .
Kahdeksas ihme ( The Eight Wonder ) is the eight album of Finnish rock group Eppu Normaali .
The Revival is the second studio album by American R&B group Tony ! Toni ! Toné ! , released on May 8 , 1990 , by Wing Records .
Mixture ? is the first studio album by the Progressive metal band Relative Silence , which was released in 2002 .
Spin the Wheel is the second album by Irish girl group , Bellefire .
`` Moment of Surrender '' is a song by rock band U2 and the third track on their 2009 album No Line on the Horizon .
`` Crawling in the Dark '' is the first single by the American rock band Hoobastank .
`` Flick of the Wrist '' is a song by British rock band Queen , released as a Double A - side with `` Killer Queen '' in the United Kingdom , Canada , the Netherlands , the United States and most other territories .
The Crown Jewels is a box set by Queen which comprises their first eight studio albums ;
Dirty Diamonds is the 24th studio album by Alice Cooper , released on July 4 , 2005 internationally , and August 2 in the US .
Information Retrieved is the fifth full - length studio album by San Diego indie rock band Pinback which was released on October 16 , 2012 through Temporary Residence Ltd.
Upbeat Love is the debut album by the band Threatmantics .
`` Man of Simple Pleasures '' is a song by English rock band Kasabian from the band 's fourth studio album , Velociraptor ! ( 2011 ) .
The Superstars was the third album by Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45 , released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in March 1982 .
`` Frick Park Market '' is a song by American hip hop recording independent artist Mac Miller .
Human Wheels is the 12th album by American singer - songwriter and musician John Mellencamp .
Insomnia & Other Lullabyes is the debut album of independent Filipino singer - songwriter Cynthia Alexander released in 1996 .
`` The Lemon Song '' is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , featured on their 1969 album Led Zeppelin II . It was recorded at Mystic Studios in Hollywood when the band were on their second concert tour of North America .
Maximum Unicorn is an album by Providence , RI band Gruvis Malt .
Animal Now is an album by British punk band The Ruts D.C. , following a name change from `` The Ruts '' .
Sharing Your Love is the third studio album by the Italian / U.S. ensemble Change .
Let It Beard is the fifth and final album by the Boston Spaceships , released in 2011 .
Let 's Fly is the first mini - album released by B1A4 under WM Entertainment on April 21 , 2011 .
The Summer Sanitarium Tour was Metallica 's packaged tour in the Summer of the year 2000 .
E18 Album is the debut album by the band Detektivbyrån released by the Japanese label P - Vine under license from the band 's own label Danarkia .
`` Cathedral Song '' is a song released as a single from the album Ancient Heart by Tanita Tikaram .
`` Anselma '' is a song written by César Suedan and Guadalupe Trigo , produced by T - Bone Burnett and Steve Berlin , and performed by American band Los Lobos for their EP ...
`` I 'm Bad '' ( sometimes spelled I 'm BAD ) is the first single from LL Cool J 's second album , Bigger and Deffer .
`` Who 's Gon na Mow Your Grass '' is a 1969 single written and recorded by Buck Owens .
Eternamente ( English Endlessly ) is the 16th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel .
`` Pour Some Sugar on Me '' is a song by the English rock band Def Leppard from their 1987 album Hysteria .
Spell of Iron is the first album by Finnish metal band Tarot , released in 1986 by Flamingo Music .
`` The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala '' is a song by the English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys , released as the second single from their fourth studio album Suck It and See and was intended to be released as a 7 `` vinyl on 15 August 2011 .
War Nation is the eighth studio album from Tank , released through Metal Mind Productions on 5 June 2012 .
The Manson Family Album was intended to be Marilyn Manson 's first studio album and is a precursor to Portrait of an American Family .
Break Up , Break Down is the first LP by the Reigning Sound .
`` Ch - Check It Out '' is a song by alternative hip - hop group the Beastie Boys , released as the first single off their sixth studio album To the 5 Boroughs .
The Symphony World Tour was a concert tour by English soprano singer Sarah Brightman that started on 16 January 2008 in the city of Vienna , Austria and concluded on 5 April 2009 in Taipei , Taiwan .
`` DoYaThing '' is a song by alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz , featuring LCD Soundsystem frontman James Murphy and André 3000 of Outkast .
Code B is the second solo studio album by the German singer Bela B ..
`` Shuttin ' Detroit Down '' is a song co - written and recorded by American country music singer John Rich , one half of the duo Big & Rich .
`` Tunak Tunak Tun '' ( Punjabi : ਤੁਣਕ ਤੁਣਕ ਤੁਣ ) or simply `` Tunak '' , is a bhangra / pop love song by Indian artist Daler Mehndi released in 1998 .
`` Say It 's Gon na Rain '' is the title of a 1988 song by American dance - pop group Will to Power .
Mysterious Traveller is the fifth album of Weather Report released in 1974 .
Exit English is the second album by the melodic hardcore band Strike Anywhere , released in 2003 .
`` Resuscitate Me '' is a dance - pop song by Swedish recording artist September from her upcoming , fourth studio album , Love CPR .
`` Do I Love You ( Yes in Every Way ) '' is a single co - written by Paul Anka , and made most famous by American country music artist Donna Fargo .
Eternal Melody is the first classical studio album by Japanese musician Yoshiki .
Master of the Moon is the tenth and final studio album by the American heavy metal band Dio .
Delectable is the second album by AOR band Romeo 's Daughter .
`` Hey Oh '' is a 2003 song recorded by French duet Tragédie .
Sick of the Studio ' 07 was a 2007 concert tour by American heavy metal band Metallica , which took place in Europe .
`` Hurting Kind ( I 've Got My Eyes on You ) '' is a rock song performed by English rock singer Robert Plant , from his 1990 album Manic Nirvana .
¡ Quiero Vivir ! ( I Want to Live ! ) is the debut album by Lilian Garcia , who is better known as the ring announcer for WWE Monday Night Raw .
Ducknapped ! is a live album by Richard Thompson recorded during the 2003 tour to support the The Old Kit Bag album and released on Thompson 's boutique Beeswing label .
`` Never My Love '' is a pop standard written by American siblings Donald and Richard Addrisi and best known from a hit 1967 recording by The Association .
Reagan 's In is the 1981 debut album by the Los Angeles punk band Wasted Youth .
Jefe de Jefes ( `` Boss of Bosses '' ) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican group Los Tigres del Norte .
`` Starlight Moonlight '' ( Korean : 별빛달빛 ) is a song by South Korean Kpop girl group Secret .
`` I 'm Single '' is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne , released as a single from his ninth solo mixtape , No Ceilings , and is also included on his eighth studio album I Am Not a Human Being .
Heart of the Immigrants is an album by Italian - American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola , released in 1993 .
The Budhill Singles Club is a collection of songs released by The Fratellis from 2006 to the present day .
Deleted Scenes from the Cutting Room Floor is the debut album by Dutch singer Caro Emerald .
`` Stop Calling Me '' is a pop , r&b song written by Reno Nicastro , Simone Stacey and Naomi Wenitong , produced by Nicastro for Shakaya 's first album Shakaya ( 2002 ) .
`` Näytän sulle rannan '' ( English : I Will Show You the Beach ) is the third single by Finnish singer Jesse Kaikuranta from his debut album Vie mut kotiin .
The New Bush is the 7th album released by Australian Country Musician Lee Kernaghan .
`` The Wind Blows '' is a song by American rock band The All - American Rejects , released as the second single from their third studio album When the World Comes Down on April 21 , 2009 .
`` Man - Sized Wreath '' is the second track and third single from R.E.M. 's fourteenth album Accelerate , released on August 11 , 2008 in the UK .
`` Play Around '' was the lead single released from Lil ' Cease 's debut album , The Wonderful World of Cease A Leo .
Tasogare Romance ( 黄昏ロマンス ) ( English : Twilight Romance ) is the sixteenth single by the Japanese Pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
`` Wild Wild Love '' is a song by American rapper Pitbull featuring American recording artist group G.R.L. The song was released February 25 , 2014 and serves as the lead single off of Pitbull 's eighth studio album Globalization .
`` Toxygene '' is a single by electronic music artist The Orb .
`` Got ta Make It '' is the debut single by singer Trey Songz from his debut album I Got ta Make It .
Saudade LP is a solo album by rapper producer Mr. J. Medeiros .
`` Un monde à changer '' is a French language single by French singer and actor Nyco Lilliu , his debut charting single .
This Is Fire is the third album by Spires That in the Sunset Rise , released in 2006 .
The Abattoir Blues Tour is the second live album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds , released on January 29 , 2007 .
Četiri godine ( English : Four Years ) is the eighth studio album by Bosnian pop - folk singer Lepa Brena and her band Slatki Greh .
Bloodangel 's Cry is an album by German power metal band Krypteria , released in 2007 .
Plektrum is the 19th studio album by Swedish singer / songwriter Tomas Ledin , released in June 2006 .
Color of Compassion is the third album by the band Ellison .
Dark Orgasm ( 2005 ) is a solo album by Julian Cope .
Does It Look Like I 'm Here ? is a 2010 album from the band Emeralds .
The Tenth Doctor is an incarnation of the Doctor , the protagonist of the BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who , who is played by David Tennant in three series as well as nine specials .
Live at Hammersmith ' 84 is a live album by Jethro Tull , recorded on Sunday 9 September 1984 at the Hammersmith Odeon in London .
Promotional Copy is the second LP release of the indie band Reggie and the Full Effect .
`` Even Tho '' is the second single from Joseph Arthur 's fourth studio album Our Shadows Will Remain .
`` Heartbeat / Tragedy '' is the fourth single released by British pop group Steps .
Mail Dominance is the seventh full - length studio album by Esham , released in 1999 .
`` I Do n't Like It , I Love It '' is a song by American rapper Flo Rida from his 2015 EP My House .
Five Treasure Box is the fourth studio album by South Korean rock band F.T. Island .
Worth tha Weight is the debut album by female rapper Shawnna .
No Rewind is an album released by The Orchestra in 2001 and reissued in 2005 and again in 2006 .
Ladies of the Road is a live album ( 2-CD set ) by the band King Crimson , released in 2002 and reissued in Japan in 2008 .
`` Life Is a Rollercoaster '' is a song by Irish singer - songwriter Ronan Keating from his debut solo album , Ronan .
Deep Conversation is the fourth studio album by Vallejo , California rapper , Celly Cel .
`` Dhoom Dhoom '' is the title track and single sung by the pop singer , Tata Young for the 2004 film and album , Dhoom .
`` Golden Tears '' is a song written by John Schweers , and recorded by American country music trio Dave & Sugar .
Somewhere Under Wonderland is the sixth studio album by American rock band Counting Crows , released on September 2 , 2014 in the United States through Capitol Records , and on September 15 , 2014 in the UK , through Virgin EMI .
`` Let the Beat Hit ' Em '' is the title of a number - one R&B single by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam from their 1991 album Straight Outta Hell 's Kitchen .
Aperitif for Destruction is the fourth album from Richard Cheese , released May 24 , 2005 .
Levelling the Land was released in 1991 and is the second full - length album by the Brighton folk - punk group The Levellers .
Wild Opera is No - Man 's third studio album which displays art rock , trip hop and dub influences that were developed from improvisatory writing sessions .
Wonders of the Younger is the sixth studio album by the band Plain White T 's .
`` Part of the Union '' is a song by English band Strawbs featured on their 1973 album Bursting at the Seams and was the band 's most successful single , peaking at number 2 in the UK Singles Chart .
Make the Difference is American singer Tracie Spencer 's second album .
`` De Música Ligera '' ( Spanish for Of easy - listening music ) is a song and single by the Argentine rock band Soda Stereo and was written by vocalist and guitarist of the band , Gustavo Cerati .
Sueño Electro I ( Electro Dream l ) is the Grammy Award - nominated fourth studio album from the Mexican electropop band Belanova , and the first half of the Sueño Electro project .
`` Stay My Baby '' is a pop song written by Max Martin , Tommy Tysper and Savan Kotecha as the second single from Amy Diamond 's third studio album Music in Motion ( 2007 ) .
`` Change the World '' is a pop song written by Tommy Sims , Gordon Kennedy , and Wayne Kirkpatrick whose best - known version was recorded by the British recording artist Eric Clapton for the soundtrack of the 1996 film , Phenomenon .
`` Eres Mi Sueño '' ( English : You Are My Dream ) is a Latin pop song by Colombian recording artist Fonseca .
Always Something There is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the Blue Note label in 1968 and performed by Turrentine with orchestra and strings arranged by Thad Jones .
The soundtrack of I Hate Luv Storys is composed by Vishal-- Shekhar .
( re)Production is the twenty - third solo album by rock musician Todd Rundgren that was recorded and released in 2011 .
23 , Male , Single is the debut mini album by 2PM 's South Korean singer and dancer Jang Wooyoung .
`` Final Stroke '' is the lead single of the album Nosy by Portuguese singer Gomo , released on March 26 , 2010 .
`` I Feed You My Love '' is a song recorded by Norwegian singer Margaret Berger , released as the first single from her third studio album New Religion .
Advaitic Songs is the fifth studio album by the band Om , released on July 24 , 2012 .
The Fullness of Time is progressive metal band Redemption 's second album overall , but the first to feature a band lineup , as opposed to a project lineup as found on the 2003 eponymous debut .
`` Did It On'em '' is a song by Trinidadian - born recording artist Nicki Minaj .
Mic City Sons is the third and final album by American indie rock band Heatmiser , released on October 29 , 1996 through record label Caroline .
`` With Ur Love '' is the second single by British singer - songwriter Cher Lloyd 's debut studio album , Sticks and Stones , which was released on 4 November 2011 .
`` Sun Shifts '' is a limited edition of 100 CD - Rs handmade and hand - drawn by White Rainbow ( real name Adam Forkner ) .
`` Hey Little Boy '' is a rock song by Australian band Divinyls , released as the second single from their 1988 album Temperamental .
Starting Up is the fourth solo album by Roy Wood , who played most of the instruments and sang most of the vocals throughout , in addition to writing and producing the album .
Rogers Sings Rogerstein is the fifth solo album by You Am I frontman , Tim Rogers .
Propaganda Man is an album by Ray Wilson released in 2008 .
Thank God for Mental Illness is the fifth studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre , released on October 25 , 1996 by record label Bomp!.
Love Is Always Seventeen is the sixth solo album by David Gates of Bread .
`` Give U My Heart '' is a song recorded by American R&B singers Babyface and Toni Braxton for the soundtrack to the 1992 film Boomerang .
Labo M ( 2003 ) is the third studio album by French singer - song - writer Matthieu Chedid in his persona as -M- .
In Line is the debut album by Bill Frisell which was released on the ECM label in 1983 .
`` We Are One Tonight '' is a song recorded by the American rock band Switchfoot , and is their second single from the album Nothing Is Sound .
`` Genie in a Bottle '' is a song by American singer Christina Aguilera from her self - titled debut album released in 1999 .
French Kiss with Kylie is the debut English , chart - topping album by Romanian dance - pop group Akcent , which was released across Europe on August 23 , 2006 .
Am Ende der Sonne is the second solo album of the German musician Farin Urlaub , released in 2005 .
The Laws of Scourge is the second studio album by the Brazilian extreme metal band Sarcófago .
`` Hate ( I Really Do n't Like You ) '' is a single by the Plain White T 's .
`` Hey Porsche '' is a song by American rapper Nelly , released as the lead single from his seventh studio album M.O. ( 2013 ) .
Kill the Crown is the third full - length album by American deathcore band Salt the Wound .
`` Speed / Midijunkies '' ( according to the CD single ) or Midijunkies / Speed ( according to the 12 `` vinyl pressing ) is a single by Atari Teenage Riot .
The second album by Dutch alto saxophonist Candy Dulfer , Sax - a - Go - Go entered the Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Album chart at # 5 in February 1994 , remaining in the chart for 31 weeks .
Tropicana Nights is the title of a studio album released by the Cuban jazz performer Paquito D'Rivera on November 11 , 2008 .
En Directo Desde el Otro Lado ( Straight from the Other Side ) ( 2007 ) is the twenty - fifth album and seventh live album by Mexican Rock , Blues band El Tri .
Under the Northern Sky is the first full - length album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Immortal Souls .
Ivan Drago ( Russian : Иван Драго ) is a fictional character that appeared as Rocky Balboa 's rival in the 1985 film Rocky IV . He is portrayed by Dolph Lundgren .
`` The Humpty Dance '' is a song by Digital Underground , which was featured on their debut album Sex Packets .
`` Brand New Lover '' is a song recorded by the British band Dead or Alive .
Rave In2 the Joy Fantastic is a remix album by American recording artist Prince .
`` Wipe Your Eyes '' is a song recorded by American band Maroon 5 for the deluxe edition of their fourth studio album Overexposed ( 2012 ) .
`` Techno Fan '' is a single from the indie - rock band The Wombats .
`` Every Other Weekend '' is a duet by American country music artists Reba McEntire and Kenny Chesney , recorded on the former 's 2007 album Reba :
`` Come on a Cone '' is a song by American recording artist Nicki Minaj , taken from her sophomore studio album , Pink Friday :
Condition Critical is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot .
`` Send in the Boys '' is a song by English indie rock band Milburn and is featured on their debut album , Well Well Well .
Twelve Songs of Christmas is an album by Jim Reeves released in the US in 1963 .
Feature Presentation is the second studio album by Kansas City rapper Kutt Calhoun .
The Screen Behind the Mirror is a 2000 music album by Enigma .
Rock ! ! ! ! ! is an album released by Violent Femmes in 1995 .
Northwinds is the title of the second solo album by former Deep Purple singer David Coverdale , released in early 1978 .
Bringer of Blood is the fifth album by the death metal band Six Feet Under .
All Killer , No Filler is the debut studio album by the Canadian rock band Sum 41 , released on May 8 , 2001 .
`` Try It on My Own '' , sometimes labelled as `` On My Own '' , is a song by American recording artist Whitney Houston .
Thunder + Lightning is American band Modey Lemon 's second album and the last to be recorded without Jason Kirker in the band as he was asked to join shortly after he produced this album .
Siren Song of the Counter Culture is the third album by American punk rock band Rise Against , released on August 10 , 2004 .
Who 's the Boss in the Factory ? is the title of the third studio album by Swedish symphonic rock band Karmakanic .
Gypsyhook is the first solo release by Sonny Moore , who would later use the alias Skrillex for future releases .
`` Everything You 've Done Wrong '' is the second single from Canadian band Sloan 's 1996 album , One Chord to Another .
`` Everybody 's on the Run '' is a song by the English rock band Noel Gallagher 's High Flying Birds , written by frontman Noel Gallagher from their self - titled debut album Noel Gallagher 's High Flying Birds .
The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking is the first solo album by Roger Waters released in 1984 , the year after Waters announced his departure from Pink Floyd .
New Grass is a 1968 album by jazz saxophonist Albert Ayler released on Impulse !
Judgement of Tormented Souls is the second Studio Album by Russian metal band Dominia .
On Down the Road is the fifth studio album by former Guns N ' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin , released on August 21 , 2002 .
See You at the Fair is an album by jazz saxophonist Ben Webster , released on Impulse !
Dead or Dreaming is the second full - length studio album by Canadian melodic death metal and progressive metal band Into Eternity .
Breaking Kayfabe is the debut album by Canadian rapper Cadence Weapon , released in 2005 on Upper Class Recordings .
Kev 's Back ( The Return of the Yobbo ) is the second album by the rude Australian singer / comedian Kevin Bloody Wilson .
Blue Sky Mine is a song by Australian rock band Midnight Oil released in 1990 as the first single from their album Blue Sky Mining .
`` Let 's Go Round Again '' was a single released by the Scottish funk and R&B group Average White Band .
`` The Heart Wants What It Wants '' is a song by American recording artist Selena Gomez from her 2014 compilation album For You .
`` Beat Bop '' is a hip hop single by American rappers Rammellzee and K - Rob , originally released in 1983 by record label Tartown .
`` Peachy '' is a song by Australian singer - songwriter Missy Higgins and the third single released from her second album , On A Clear Night .
Bury Me Deep in Love is a single released by Australian folk rock group The Triffids from their album Calenture .
Bayou Country is the second studio album by American rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival , released by Fantasy Records in January 1969 , and was the first of three albums CCR released in that year ( see 1969 in music ) .
`` Is That You Mo - Dean ? '' is a song by The B-52 's released as the second single from their album Good Stuff .
Idle Moments is a 1963 jazz album by guitarist Grant Green .
Dave 's Picks Volume 2 is a three - CD live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead .
InDRUpendence Day is the fourth studio album by American R&B group Dru Hill , released on July 27 , 2010 under Kedar Entertainment Group .
Euro IV Ever is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer - songwriter E - Type , which was released in 2001 .
Sexy , Free & Single ( reissue name Spy ) is the sixth Korean studio album of South Korean boy band Super Junior .
Same Trailer Different Park is the major label debut album by American country music artist Kacey Musgraves , released on March 19 , 2013 , through Mercury Nashville .
`` Alone Too Long '' is a 1975 single by Hall & Oates from their album Daryl Hall & John Oates .
`` You 're My Star '' is a pop rock song by Welsh rock band Stereophonics from their greatest hits album , Decade in the Sun :
Big Red Car is the fifth album by the popular children 's band The Wiggles , released in 1995 .
Blackthorn Asylum is the eleventh album by dark ambient duo Nox Arcana .
`` Is There a Ghost '' is the first single taken from Band of Horses ' second album Cease to Begin , which was released on August 28 , 2007 .
`` Love Will Find Its Way to You '' is the title of a song written by Dave Loggins and J.D. Martin , and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire .
Sheer Heart Attack is the third studio album by British rock band Queen , released in November 1974 .
`` So Listen '' is a single from Australian singer Cody Simpson featuring American R&B singer T - Pain and producer DJ Frank E. It was released on iTunes 13 March 2012 as a promotional single .
Tonight the Stars Revolt ! is the second major label studio album by Boston heavy metal band Powerman 5000 .
Sinners International is the fourth album by Norwegian industrial rock outfit Zeromancer .
`` What 's Your Flava ? '' is a song recorded by English R&B artist Craig David .
Visor , svarta och röda ( English : Songs , black and red ) is studio album by the Swedish - Dutch folk singer - songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk .
Pieces of You is the debut studio album by American singer - songwriter Jewel , released on February 28 , 1995 by Atlantic Recordings .
Bananskiva ( English : Banana slice ) is a children 's album by the Swedish folk singer - songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström together with Gösta Linderholm .
Class Clown Spots a UFO is the 17th album by Dayton , Ohio rock group Guided by Voices .
Looking for the Light is an album released in 1995 by country music artist Rick Trevino .
`` 9 PM ( Till I Come ) '' is a song by German electronic dance music producer ATB , featuring uncredited vocals by Yolanda Rivera released as his debut single and the lead single from his debut album Movin ' Melodies ( 1998 ) .
`` Lewis Takes Action '' is the first single from the album Heartland by Canadian musician Owen Pallett .
Do n't Touch My Girl is the second digital single by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 2nd single album also called Do n't Touch My Girl .
Go to Nassau is a two - CD live album by the rock group the Grateful Dead .
Psychic Chasms is the debut studio album by American electronic music band Neon Indian , released on October 13 , 2009 by Lefse Records .
`` Ob - La - Di , Ob - La - Da '' is a song by the Beatles from their 1968 album The Beatles ( often called `` the White Album '' ) .
Wonderlustre is the fourth studio album by the British rock band Skunk Anansie .
Other titles written by the duo include `` It 's Now or Never '' and `` Good Luck Charm '' ; both of which - like `` A Big Hunk o ' Love '' - were originally recorded by American rock and roll icon Elvis Presley .
5 Ahead is the seventh studio album by Japanese band Tokio .
`` We Fly High '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist , Jim Jones , released as the lead single from his third studio album , Hustler 's P.O.M.E. ( Product of My Environment ) ( 2006 ) .
`` Hot Stuff ( Let 's Dance ) '' is a song by British R&B artist Craig David .
Tum Kaho ( literal English translation : If You Say So ) is a Pop Rock song by the band SYMT .
Azalea Place is the second solo album by Joey Tempest , the vocalist in the Swedish hard rock band Europe .
Shakedown Street is the tenth studio album by the Grateful Dead .
Up Tight ( shown as Up - Tight Everything 's Alright on the cover ) is a 1966 album by American singer Stevie Wonder .
Time on Earth is the fifth studio album by the pop - rock band Crowded House .
Beat Down is a song by music producers Steve Aoki and Angger Dimas , featuring vocals from Australian rapper Iggy Azalea .
Like Gangbusters is the first studio album by British New Wave band JoBoxers , first released in 1983 and featuring five chart singles .
In the Glare of Burning Churches is the fifth demo album by the black metal band Graveland .
Saturday Satan Sunday Saint is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb , released in 1969 ( see 1969 in music ) .
`` Goodbye Tonight '' is the fifth single from Start Something , the second album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets .
Sentimentalovers ( also styled SENTIMENTALovers ) is the sixth full - length album released by singer and songwriter Ken Hirai .
Somebody 's Someone is the third studio album by Canadian country music singer / songwriter Gil Grand .
Calling All Corpses is the fourth studio album by American horror punk musician Wednesday 13 .
`` Molitva '' ( Serbian Cyrillic : Молитва ; English : `` Prayer '' ) is a song with music by Vladimir Graić , lyrics by Saša Milošević Mare , and sung by Serbian singer Marija Šerifović .
`` Cry for Freedom '' is a song by American / Danish hard rock band White Lion .
Regalo del Alma ( English : A Gift from the Soul ) is the title of the final studio album recorded by Cuban salsa recording artist Celia Cruz , released posthumously on August 5 , 2003 , following Cruz 's death from brain cancer on July 16 , 2003 .
Whale Meat Again is the second studio album by the British musician Jim Capaldi .
The Aztec Suite is an album by trumpeter Art Farmer featuring performances arranged by Chico O'Farrill recorded in 1959 and originally released on the United Artists label .
`` Margaritaville '' is a 1977 song by American popular music singer - songwriter Jimmy Buffett from the album Changes in Latitudes , Changes in Attitudes .
Fruitbats & Crows is the follow - up to Farryl Purkiss 's 2006 self titled album .
Still the Orchestra Plays - Greatest Hits , Volume 1 & 2 is a greatest hits compilation album by the American heavy metal group Savatage , released in 2010 .
Vên is the demo by the Swiss folk metal band Eluveitie .
Touched by the Crimson King is the second album of power metal / heavy metal band Demons and Wizards and was released in June 2005 .
Carryin ' On is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label .
Lean into It is the second studio album by the American rock supergroup Mr. Big , released in 1991 .
Stacked Up is the debut album by UK rap - rock group Senser .
Rising in the East is a live DVD of Judas Priest performing a concert in Tokyo 's Nippon Budokan , filmed in May 2005 .
`` Red Solo Cup '' is a song written by Brett Warren , Brad Warren , Brett Beavers and Jim Beavers , and recorded by American country music singer Toby Keith .
Theatre of the Unheard is the third album by American country musician Darrell Scott , released in 2003 by the Full Light label .
All Men Amen is the second album by English saxophonist Iain Ballamy , featuring Django Bates , Steve Watts and Martin France .
Throne to the Wolves is the fourth album by the post - hardcore band From First to Last .
Forever Delayed is a greatest hits album and DVD by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers , released in 2002 by record label Epic .
`` Big Red Balloon '' is a single by Spell .
`` Baby Fratelli '' is The Fratellis ' fourth single from their debut album Costello Music .
What If Someone Is Watching Their T.V. ? is the second full - length album by the Screaming Females .
The Story of Iceland is an album of modern chamber music in multiple styles by violinist and multi - instrumentalist Eyvind Kang , accompanied by a large ensemble that includes guitarist Bill Frisell .
`` Feel Again '' is a song recorded by American rock band OneRepublic for their third studio album Native ( 2013 ) .
Mundo Feliz was the second album released by Mexican rock band Fobia in 1991 .
Sky Is the Limit is the seventh studio album published by the Swiss DJ / producer DJ Antoine , released on 25 January 2013 .
A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk is a split LP by Baroness and Unpersons .
We the Fallen is the fourth studio album by American band Psyclon Nine .
Professor Soul is an album by organist Charles Kynard which was recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label .
Like We Used to Be is an album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene It 's a group reunion with their original signer / guitarist , John Starling .
I Die for You Today is the 22nd single overall from Alphaville , and the first single from Alphaville 's 2010 album Catching Rays on Giant .
Grab This ! is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin which was recorded in 1962 and released on the Riverside label .
Tokyo Jukebox 2 is a studio album by the American guitarist Marty Friedman .
Rockology is an album by former Kiss drummer Eric Carr released in 1999 .
Killing Mobius ( 2005 ) is the fifth studio full - length album by DJ ? Acucrack .
`` A Night in Tunisia '' or `` Night in Tunisia '' is a musical composition written by Dizzy Gillespie circa 1941 - 2 while Gillespie was playing with the Benny Carter Band .
`` Love Thing''is a song by recording artist Tina Turner from her 1991 album Simply the Best .
Isolate and Medicate is the sixth studio album by South African post - grunge band Seether .
Just Feelin ' is a 1985 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner originally released on the Palo Alto label .
All the Years is a song that was recorded by the rock band Chicago , released on the 2008 album Stone of Sisyphus .
Thriler ( Greek : Θρίλερ ; English : Thriller ) is the 17th studio album by Greek singer - songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas , released by Legend Recordings in 2006 .
Danny Joe Brown and the Danny Joe Brown Band is the first and only studio album by American southern rock band The Danny Joe Brown Band , released in 1981 .
`` Bootie Call '' is a song performed by British - Canadian girl group All Saints from their debut album , All Saints ( 1998 ) .
`` John the Fisherman '' is the first single by the alternative metal band Primus , released first live in 1989 on Suck on This , then re - released a year later , this time studio recorded , on Frizzle Fry .
The End of the World Party is the second studio album by American electronicore band I See Stars .
`` Beggin ' on Your Knees '' is a song performed by the Victorious cast featuring Victoria Justice .
Back from the Gig is a double LP by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1963 and 1968 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1976 .
Sweeter Than the Day is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 2001 and released on the Canadian Songlines label .
Light Ages is a 1993 album by the Finnish rock group Wigwam .
`` Before Your Love '' is a song recorded by American pop singer Kelly Clarkson .
Peter , Paul and Mommy , released on Warner Bros. in 1969 , is the trio Peter , Paul and Mary 's first children 's album .
`` Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic '' is a song by British rock group The Police from their fourth album Ghost in the Machine .
`` Someone Who 's Cool '' is the first single released by the Canadian rock band Odds from their fourth album , Nest .
At the End of a Perfect Day is singer Chris de Burgh 's third original album , released in 1977 .
The World Is a Thorn ( also stylized The World Is Λ Thorn ) is Demon Hunter 's fifth studio album , which was released March 9 , 2010 .
Distortionist is the second full length album from Texas rock band The Murdocks , set for release on September 14 , 2010 .
The Beast Is Back is the seventh album by a newly reformed Blue Cheer , 13 years after their previous album , Oh !
`` I 'm Grown '' is the second single from Tiffany Evans ' self - titled debut album , Tiffany Evans .
Rollin ' with Leo is the second , and last , album as a leader by American jazz saxophonist Leo Parker , recorded in 1961 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980 .
`` 20th Century Man '' is a song recorded by British rock band The Kinks .
`` Leave My Kitten Alone '' is a 1959 R&B hit , written by Little Willie John , Titus Turner and James McDougal , first recorded by Little Willie John , and covered in 1960 by Johnny Preston .
`` Some Kinda Rush '' is the fourth single by the UK dance duo Booty Luv .
`` I Want Your Soul '' is a single by Armand Van Helden and the third from his seventh studio album , Ghettoblaster .
March ör Die is the tenth album by English rock band Motörhead , released in August 1992 .
' Cheat on Me ' arrived in August 2009 as the first single taken from the fourth studio album by British indie rock band The Cribs .
Majestik Zouk is an album from the French Caribbean music group , Kassav ' .
`` Do n't Leave Me Behind / Silent Stream '' is the sixth single released by Japanese singer Ami Suzuki in March 1999 .
`` Love This Life '' is a song by the American hip hop recording artist T.I. , released on April 3 , 2012 , as the first single from his eighth studio album , Trouble Man :
Bastardiser is the first full - length album by Swiss Mathcore band Knut , released in Europe in 1998 .
`` Now You See Her , Now You Do n't '' is a song by Canadian group Crash Test Dummies and was the second promotional single from their 2010 album Oooh La La!.
Dutty Rock ( West Indian patois for `` dirty rock '' ) is the second studio album by Jamaican reggae / dancehall artist Sean Paul .
Perspex Island is the tenth album by Robyn Hitchcock and his sixth with backing band , The Egyptians , released on Go !
`` The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows '' is a 2004 single by the alternative rock band Brand New .
You Baby is the second studio album by the folk rock band The Turtles .
Gothic Kabbalah is the thirteenth full - length musical album by Therion .
The Return of Dr. Octagon is the tenth studio album by American rapper Keith Thornton , better known as Kool Keith .
Secrets of the I Ching is the first full length album by 10,000 Maniacs ( following their 1982 EP release ) , released in 1983 by Christian Burial Music , the band 's own label .
`` Shakin ' It 4 Daddy '' ( sometime rendered as `` Shakin ' It for Daddy '' ) is a song recorded by American singer Robin Thicke for his fourth studio album , Sex Therapy :
Lifetime Friend is an album from Little Richard , his first album in seven years since the release of the 1979 gospel album , God 's Beautiful City .
Rapped in Romance is the final album from the World Class Wreckin ' Cru released on the Epic record label in 1986 .
`` If It 's Lovin' that You Want '' is a song recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna , from her debut studio album Music of the Sun ( 2005 ) .
`` They Will Kill Us All ( Without Mercy ) '' is a song by the Los Angeles - based punk rock band The Bronx , released as the first single from their 2003 debut album The Bronx .
`` The Space on the Wall '' is the first single by Australian alternative rock band Dead Letter Circus from their debut studio album This Is the Warning , and their fourth single overall .
Unborn Child is the sixth studio album by American pop / folk duo Seals and Crofts .
Human Desolation is the second full length album by German band X Marks the Pedwalk .
`` Used to Get High '' is a radio promotional single by Australian jam band , The John Butler Trio from their fourth studio album Grand National .
A Hard Act to Follow is an extended play by American country music singer Keith Whitley .
Elements of Anger is the fourth album by the American thrash metal band Sadus .
`` Walking Backwards '' is the third single from The Futureheads ' third studio album , This Is Not The World , which was released on 4 August 2008 .
Heroes Are Hard to Find is the ninth studio album by British - American rock band Fleetwood Mac , released in 1974 .
`` Cheatin ' on Me '' was released as the second and final single from American R&B singer 's Kandi Burruss ' debut album Hey Kandi .
The Weatherman LP is the first album by the Dilated Peoples ' member Evidence , released on March 20 , 2007 , by ABB .
`` Release the Pressure '' is the third single released under the Leftfield name and the first to involve Paul Daley with writing duties after he joined the group .
`` Hell on High Heels '' is a single by the American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe , released as the first single on their 2000 album New Tattoo .
`` No Aphrodisiac '' is the third single on The Whitlams third album Eternal Nightcap .
Voices from Within is the second full - length studio album by Israeli oriental death / doom metal band Distorted , released on April 7 , 2008 .
Jean Lee and the Yellow Dog is an album by Australian guitarist and songwriter Ed Kuepper recorded in 2007 and released on the Hot label .
Love 's Secret Domain is the third album by Coil and was released in 1991 .
Troots is an album by Scottish celtic fusion band Shooglenifty .
`` Please Do n't Tease '' is a 1960 song recorded by Cliff Richard and the Shadows .
What 's THIS For ... ! is the second studio album by English rock band Killing Joke .
Point of Entry is the seventh album from the British heavy metal band Judas Priest .
Behind the Walls of Imagination is an album by new age artist Eloy Fritsch , known for his work in progressive rock group Apocalypse .
Doong Spank is the title of the fourth studio album by Bahamas - based musical group Baha Men .
First Experience is the debut album by Hong Kong singer Jason Chan released in 2007 .
Hardcastle 5 is a smooth jazz album by producer / musician Paul Hardcastle .
Let Go of Your Bad Days is the second album released by Canadian power pop group The Salteens .
The Partridge Family Sound Magazine was the third album from The Partridge Family .
Samidara is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow , released as both an LP and a cassette .
`` I Got Nothin' '' is a song recorded by American country music artist Darius Rucker and co - written by Rucker with Clay Mills .
`` Tyttö sinä olet meritähti '' is the debut single by Finnish Hip - Hop , Rap group Yön Polte .
Easy Tiger is the ninth studio album by Ryan Adams , released on June 26 , 2007 , on the Lost Highway label .
Only the Greatest is a 1968 album by Waylon Jennings on RCA Victor .
`` Runnin ' for the Red Light ( I Got ta Life ) '' is a song composed and written by Harry Vanda , George Young , Patti Russo , Sarah Durkee , and Meat Loaf ( who also recorded it ) .
Drums Around the Corner is a jazz album by Art Blakey , mostly recorded in 1958 but only released in 1999 .
I Want You Near Me is a song by recording artist Tina Turner from her 1991 compilation album Simply The Best , on which it was one of four new recordings .
Those Whom the Gods Detest is the sixth studio album by American technical death metal band Nile .
Whatever 's on Your Mind is the seventh studio album by English indie rock band Gomez .
Galerija Tutnplok is the fourth studio album by the Croatian hip hop / rap rock band The Beat Fleet .
Paddy on the Road is the debut album by Irish folk musician Christy Moore , released in 1969 .
A Symphony of Hits is the ninth album by Australian pop vocal group Human Nature .
That 's Why I Sing This Way is the fifth album by American country music singer Daryle Singletary .
For Alto is a jazz double - LP by composer / multi - reedist Anthony Braxton .
Message in the Music is a 1976 album by American R&B group The O'Jays ,
`` The Kiss of Dawn '' is a song by the Finnish band HIM , released 10 September 2007 .
The Dawn of Grace is a Christmas album by the alternative rock / indie pop band Sixpence None the Richer .
The Quiet Zone / The Pleasure Dome , released in 1977 , is the eighth album by British progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator .
`` Seaside Treats '' is the first single by Cardiacs and was released only as a 12-inch single .
The College Dropout is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West , released February 10 , 2004 , on Roc - A - Fella Records .
Frank Drebin is a fictional character in the Police Squad ! series and the Naked Gun movies played by Leslie Nielsen .
`` Lucky Love '' is a song recorded by Swedish group Ace of Base from their album The Bridge .
`` Sous l'oeil de l'ange / Qu'est ce que ça te fout '' is third single from K.Maro 's album La Good Life .
Urban Emotions is the eighth studio album by Hins Cheung , released on July 11 , 2008 .
`` Jam ( Turn It Up ) '' is a song by American television personality Kim Kardashian .
`` Caring Is Creepy '' is the first song on The Shins ' debut album Oh , Inverted World , released on June 19 , 2001 .
Urban Turban ( subtitled Urban Turban - The Singhles Club ) is a 2012 studio album by the British band Cornershop .
American Wake is the third album by Kansas City Celtic rock band The Elders .
Det er mig der holder træerne sammen is a 2002 album by the Danish band Under Byen .
On the Cobbles was the final studio album by John Martyn released during his lifetime ( his last studio album , `` Heaven and Earth '' , was released posthumously ) , released in 2004 .
The first released version of `` Oh No Not My Baby '' was by Maxine Brown , according to whom the song had first been recorded by her Scepter Records ' roster - mates the Shirelles with the group 's members alternating leads , an approach which had rendered the song unreleasable .
Se hace por los suenos asesinos is the third full - length studio album by Japanese doom metal band Corrupted .
`` Heartache Tonight '' is a song written by Don Henley , Glenn Frey , Bob Seger and J. D. Souther , and recorded by the Eagles .
`` Gon na Raise Hell '' is a song written by Rick Nielsen and originally released on Cheap Trick 's 1979 album Dream Police .
Cease to Begin is the second album by Band of Horses , released on October 9 , 2007 .
Night Eternal is the ninth studio album by Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell , released on May 16 , 2008 in Europe and on June 10 , 2008 in North America .
Plays the Theme from The V.I.P.s and Other Great Songs is an album of theme music by jazz pianist Bill Evans with an orchestra conducted by Claus Ogerman recorded in 1963 for the MGM label .
`` And Then We Dance '' is the debut single by season four winners of Australia 's Got Talent , Justice Crew .
Nilsson Sings Newman is an album of Randy Newman compositions sung by Harry Nilsson , with Newman on piano .
Waking into Nightmares is the second album by the American thrash metal band Warbringer , released on May 19 , 2009 in the U.S. and May 25 , 2009 in Europe .
`` Aşkkolik '' ( En . Love Addict ) is the fifth single , tenth overall , by Belgian singer Hadise from her second self - entitled studio album Hadise .
Dictated Aggression is the fifth full - length studio album from American crossover thrash band , M.O.D ..
Just Reality is the second album release by dancehall and reggae artist Shabba Ranks .
Stockcity Girl is the debut studio album by Swedish singer Paola Bruna , released in 2002 .
`` Would You Be Happier ? '' is a single by Irish band The Corrs , released in 2001 , taken from their album The Best of The Corrs , released a few weeks later .
`` Elvis Presley and America '' is the ninth track from U2 's 1984 album , The Unforgettable Fire .
Ideologi Sikap Otak is a studio album by Ahmad Band and was released in 1998 in Indonesia ; the title translates into `` The Ideology of Brain Attitude '' .
God Sound is the second and final album released by rap group , Boogiemonsters .
Minhas canções preferidas is a 1981 album of Portuguese songs , including Portuguese - language versions of his own songs , by Julio Iglesias .
March Fires is the fourth studio album by Western Australian alternative rock band Birds of Tokyo .
`` Temporary Home '' is a song written by Zac Maloy , Luke Laird and co - written and recorded by American country artist Carrie Underwood .
In Angel City is an album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden 's Quartet West recorded in 1988 and released on the Verve label .
Where You Goin' Now is a single from the band Damn Yankees .
`` Two Out of Three Ai n't Bad '' is a love song performed by the American musician Meat Loaf in his solo career , preceded by `` You Took the Words Right Out of My Mouth '' and followed by `` Paradise by the Dashboard Light '' .
Dimanche à Bamako ( English : Sunday in Bamako ) is the fourth album by Malian duo Amadou & Mariam featuring , and produced by , French singer Manu Chao .
`` Walk Me Home '' is a pop song by singer Mandy Moore from her debut album , So Real , and released as a single in 1999 .
`` When I Held Ya '' is a song performed by singer Moa Lignell , who finished third on Swedish Idol 2011 .
`` Imaginary Monsters '' is the third EP by the Canadian rock band The Birthday Massacre , and contains three new tracks , and five remixes .
Frampton 's Camel is Peter Frampton 's second album , recorded and released in 1973 .
Devojka od čokolade is the second studio album by Serbian recording artist Ana Nikolić .
Le Tour De La Question is a Live album by the French progressive rock band Ange .
Cole Porter in a Modern Mood is the debut album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston , recorded in 1954 and released on the Riverside label as a 10-inch LP .
`` ( Let Me Be Your ) Teddy Bear '' is a popular song first recorded by Elvis Presley in 1957 for the soundtrack of his second motion picture , Loving You , during which Presley performs the song on screen .
`` Walkin ' on the Sun '' is the debut single by American rock band Smash Mouth , from the album Fush Yu Mang .
`` Love in This Club Part II '' is a song recorded by American R&B singer Usher , and features fellow R&B singer Beyoncé and rapper Lil Wayne .
On da Grind is the fourth studio album by the Ghetto Mafia .
Submarine Bells is an album by New Zealand group The Chills , released in 1990 .
No Habla is the fourth solo album by Robby Krieger , guitarist for The Doors .
Many Worlds Are Born Tonight ( 1998 ) is the tenth album by American singer - songwriter Happy Rhodes .
`` Down on Love '' was the fifth and final single taken from the album Agent Provocateur by the band Foreigner , and primarily released only in the U.S. in September 1985 .
Decadence Dance is a song by Boston rock band Extreme , released as the lead single from their 1990 album Pornograffitti .
`` Say Hello , Wave Goodbye '' is a song from the album Non - Stop Erotic Cabaret by English synthpop duo Soft Cell that was released as a single in 1982 and reached number three on the UK Singles Chart .
Leader II is a 1991 studio album by English musician Gary Glitter .
`` You and Your Heart '' is a song by Hawaiian singer - songwriter Jack Johnson and is the lead single from his fifth studio album , To the Sea .
`` Lady ( You Bring Me Up ) '' is a 1981 Top 10 hit single by The Commodores .
Siempre Estoy Pensando en Ti ( English : I 'm Always Thinking of You ) is the eighth studio album released by Mexican singer - songwriter Juan Gabriel with mariachi in 1978 and re - release on July 18 , 1989 .
`` The Love I Lost '' is a soul / disco song by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes .
`` I Know What You Want '' is a song written by rapper Busta Rhymes , and produced by Rick Rock for Rhymes ' eighth album It Ai n't Safe No More ( 2002 ) .
`` Graveyard Girl '' is a song by French electronic act M83 .
`` Talk to Me , Dance with Me '' is a song by Canadian indie rock band Hot Hot Heat from their first album , Make Up the Breakdown .
Serenada Schizophrana is a series of compositions written by American film composer Danny Elfman in 2004 .
`` Are You Happy Now ? '' is a song by the American singer Michelle Branch which was released as the first out of three singles released from her 2003 album Hotel Paper .
New Magnetic Wonder is the sixth studio album from The Apples in Stereo .
`` O Julissi '' also known as `` O Julissi Na Jalini '' is a song by the Belgian six - piece band Ishtar .
En vida is the first live album by Argentine band Almafuerte recorded and released in 1997 .
`` Knee Deep in the Blues '' is a song written by Melvin Endsley and was recorded by Marty Robbins in 1957 .
Silent Chaos Serpentine is the second full - length studio album by Sri Lanka - based heavy metal band , Stigmata .
Red Beat is the third studio album of Christina Aguilar - a popular Thai artist .
`` Danger ( Been So Long ) '' is the second single released by rapper Mystikal from his fourth album , Let 's Get Ready , it featured singer Nivea .
Silence Is Betrayal is First Blood 's second full - length release .
Distant Horizons is the twenty - first studio album by the English space rock group Hawkwind , released in 1997 .
Things of Beauty is the U.S. release of Loituma 's first of two albums .
`` Feel Like a Rock Star '' is a song written by Chris Tompkins and Rodney Clawson , and recorded by Kenny Chesney as a duet with Tim McGraw .
Memories from a Fading Room is a studio album by English disc jockey and record producer Mark Barrott , under the name of Future Loop Foundation .
The Winding Sheet is a studio album by alternative rock artist Mark Lanegan .
`` Goodnight Tonight '' is a single by the band Wings notable for its disco - inflected sound and spirited flamenco guitar break .
Still at Large is the third and final album released by Crime Boss .
In the Mountain in the Cloud is the sixth studio album by Alaskan psychedelic rock band Portugal . The Man .
`` La Reina de la Noche '' ( The Queen of the Night ) is a dance - pop song by Venezuelan singer Mayré Martínez and the first single from her studio album of the same name , it was released on her official website on May 25 , 2008 .
The Gasoline Age is an album by East River Pipe , released in 1999 .
Mi Día de la Independencia is the third studio album by the alternative rock musician Lynda Thomas .
Addicted Romantic is the debut studio album by Australian indie rock band Faker .
The Myst is a studio album recorded by Celtic Harp Orchestra , released by Ethnoworld in 2005 .
Furia Alacranera ( Eng . : Scorpion 's Rage ) is the title of the first studio album released by music group Alacranes Musical .
`` L'Amourir '' is a single by The Young Gods released as a single in 1988 .
Jazz a Confronto 21 is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen recorded in Rome , Italy , on March 21 , 1975 and released on the Horo label as part of the `` Jazz a Confronto '' series .
`` The Mummers ' Dance '' is a single by Canadian Celtic singer Loreena McKennitt from the album The Book of Secrets in 1997 .
A Cassette Tape Culture ( Phase Three ) is a collection by the American industrial band ATelecine released in 2011 , of previously unreleased outtakes , demos , and remixes from sessions from the first three out - of - print aTelecine releases aVigillant Carpark EP , ...
`` My , My , My '' is a number - one R&B single by Johnny Gill .
`` All Together Now '' is a song by Liverpudlian baggy band The Farm from their album Spartacus , and links some of the band 's favourite themes : socialism , brotherhood and football .
Five Hundred Pounds is an album by Canadian rock band Big Sugar , released in 1993 on Hypnotic Records .
`` Dear X ( You Do n't Own Me ) '' or `` Dear X , You Do n't Own Me '' is a song by Christian metal band Disciple .
Din of Ecstasy is the second studio album by singer - songwriter and guitarist , Chris Whitley .
Awful Mess Mystery was the debut album by indie rock band Wolfie , released in 1999 via Mud Records .
`` Ca n't Shake It '' is the first single released from Australian singer Kate Miller - Heidke 's second album Curiouser .
Pöytä on katettu is the second studio album by Finnish band Elokuu .
Rise to Your Knees is the Meat Puppets ' eleventh full - length studio album , released on July 17 , 2007 .
Heavy Petting Zoo ( known as Eating Lamb on the LP version ) is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX .
Second Light ( subtitled `` An Original Dreadzone Sound Adventure '' ) is the second album by the British band Dreadzone .
Ganging Up on the Sun is the fifth studio album by the rock band Guster .
And Thou Shalt Trust ... the Seer is the first full - length album by the German symphonic metal band Haggard .
`` Papi Te Quiero '' ( English : Daddy I Love You ) is a song by Puerto Rican reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen , from the platinum edition of her third studio album , Diva ( 2003 ) .
`` Makin ' Me Fall in Love Again '' is a song written by Karyn Rochelle , James T. Slater , and Shane Stevens , and recorded by American country artist Kellie Pickler .
`` I Got It from My Mama '' is a hip hop song by American rapper artist will.i.am .
Spacebrock , is a studio album released by Hawkwind in 2000 , although the lack of contributors and title has prompted suggestions that it is a de facto Dave Brock solo album .
On Little Known Frequencies is the fourth and final studio album by the post - rock band From Monument to Masses .
Uproot is a 2008 mix produced by DJ /rupture .
Welcome to the New Cold World is an Album by Lights Action .
`` For the Love of You '' ( sometimes titled For the Love of You , Part 1 & 2 ) is a song recorded by The Isley Brothers , who released the song as the second single off their landmark 1975 album , The Heat Is On .
Stari radovi ( Old Works ) is a demo album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor , released by the Croatian independent record label Slušaj Najglasnije ! in 2004 , consisting of home - made demo recordings made by the band in the period between 1996 and 1997 .
`` I Know What I Like '' is a song performed by Huey Lewis and the News and released as a single from the album Fore ! in 1987 .
Absolutego is the debut studio album by Japanese experimental doom band Boris .
Asphalt Canyon Suite is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1968 and 1969 and released on the Verve label .
Here for a Good Time is the twenty - seventh studio album by American country music artist George Strait .
Dizzy Digs Paris is a compilation album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and his band featuring concert and studio performances recorded in Paris in 1953 and originally released on the French Disques Vogue and Blue Star labels .
Walkin ' on Air is a 1987 album from Norwegian pop duo Bobbysocks .
Stereotomy is the ninth studio album by The Alan Parsons Project , released in 1985 .
Înapoi În Viitor ( Back To The Future ) is the ninth studio album by Romanian hip hop group B.U.G. Mafia , released on September 1 , 2011 by Casa Productions in Romania .
Parafora ( Greek : Παράφορα , pronounced ( paˈrafora ) ; English : Madly ) is the 13th studio album by Greek recording artist Sakis Rouvas and 15th album overall .
`` You 're Makin ' Me High '' is the lead single from Toni Braxton 's second studio album , Secrets ( 1996 ) .
Dreaming Wide Awake is the second album by singer and composer Lizz Wright , released in 2005 ( see 2005 in music ) .
`` Only Girl ( In the World ) '' is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fifth album , Loud ( 2010 ) .
Roger the Engineer ( UK title : Yardbirds , but commonly referred to as `` Roger the Engineer '' . US , German and French title : Over Under Sideways Down ) is an album by English blues rock band The Yardbirds , released in 1966 .
Other Folks ' Music is an album by jazz multi - instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk featuring performances by Kirk with Richard Williams , Kermit Moore , Gloria Agostini , Trudy Pitts , Hilton Ruiz , Henry Mattathias Pearson , Roy Haynes , Sonny Brown , Arthur Jenkins and Joe Habad Texidor recorded in March 1976 .
`` Call the Shots '' is a song by British girl group Girls Aloud from their fourth studio album , Tangled Up ( 2007 ) .
Stompin ' Grounds is the fourth studio album released by the American country rock / southern rock band The Kentucky Headhunters .
No Far Away is the first studio album by contemporary Christian musician Chris August .
`` I Think We 're Alone Now '' is a song , written and composed by Ritchie Cordell , that was initially a 1967 hit for the American recording artists Tommy James and the Shondells , reaching number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
The Last Kind Words is the third studio album by DevilDriver , released in the United States on July 31 , 2007 .
Keep Me on Your Side is the second studio album by New Zealand pop punk band Goodnight Nurse , released on 7 April 2008 .
Right Back at Cha ! is the fourth album by the Los Angeles , California - based R&B group Dynasty .
Quiéreme ( Eng . : `` Love Me '' ) is the fourteenth studio album released by Los Bukis on March 10 , 1992 .
Minstrel in the Gallery is the eighth studio album by British band Jethro Tull , recorded in April and released in September 1975 .
The Last Chair Violinist is the tenth album by South Park Mexican and the third since the start of his 45 year incarceration in 2002 .
Simply Bird ( Thai : ซิมพลีย์ เบิร์ด ) is the fifteenth studio album by Thai recording artist Thongchai McIntyre .
`` Walk on the Ocean '' is a song by the rock group Toad the Wet Sprocket on their 1991 album Fear .
I Heard It Today is the third full - length studio album by American hip hop artist Mr. Lif .
Dirt Metal is Finnish power metal band Thunderstone 's fifth album .
Long Dim Road is Chicago Celtic punk band The Tossers ' third studio album .
K - Mart Disco is an unofficial demo album by American band Scissor Sisters , released internationally in 2007 .
`` Diventerai Una Star '' is the second single from Finley 's Album Tutto è Possibile and it was released on May 2006 .
`` In a Place of Lesser Men '' is the first single released from Matthew Good 's fifth solo album , Lights of Endangered Species .
`` Riot in Everyone '' is a 2005 single by Swedish glam metal band Crashdïet .
Every Body Tells a Story is the title of the debut studio album by actress Brigitte Nielsen .
A Way to See in the Dark is a music album by Jason Gray released September 13 , 2011 .
`` I Cut Like a Buffalo '' is the third track from the album Horehound , by the alternative rock group The Dead Weather in 2009 .
West Coast Resurrection is the third independent studio album by American rapper The Game .
`` Rusted from the Rain '' is the first official single by Billy Talent off their album , Billy Talent III . It was released on May 19 , 2009 .
White Ladder is the fourth studio album by English folk singer - songwriter David Gray .
Turn on Your Radio is the sixth and final studio album by the Italian / U.S. ensemble Change .
Dethalbum II is the second full length album by virtual band Dethklok , from the animated series Metalocalypse .
Dreams in Colour is the third album released by Portuguese pop -- rock singer David Fonseca .
Sweeten the Distance is the tenth studio album by American singer - songwriter Neal Casal , released on November 14 , 2011 ; on Fargo .
The Back Room is the debut studio album by British post - punk revival band Editors , released on 25 July 2005 .
Been to the Future is the solo album by Joey Eppard , the lead vocalist and guitarist for the band 3 .
Internal Salvation is the sixth full - length studio album of American streetpunk band , The Unseen .
Leave London ( EP ) is the second single by British Ska and Indie band Kid British .
Yo no fui is an album by Mexican Latin pop singer Pedro Fernández .
`` China in Your Hand '' is a song by the British band T'Pau , released from their album Bridge of Spies .
Dewaar ( Urdu : دیوار , literal English translation : `` wall '' ) is the seventh studio album and the thirteenth overall album of the Pakistani band , Junoon released in 2003 .
Dumb Loud Hollow Twang is the first studio album released by Croatian surf rock band The Bambi Molesters .
Sve Same Barabe ( English : `` nothing but bastards '' ) is the only studio album by the Serbian hip - hop group , 43zla ( Bdat Džutim , Ajs Nigrutin , Mikri Maus , Eufrat and Bvana ) .
Composizioni is the second solo album by pianist Giovanni Allevi .
`` Destroy the Orcs '' is the second single by Canadian power metal band 3 Inches of Blood .
Only Pain Is Real was the second album by the Portuguese pop band Silence 4 .
Sunday 8PM is Faithless ' second album , released on 28 September 1998 .
`` Living in the Plastic Age '' ( on some releases simply listed as `` The Plastic Age '' ) is a synthpop song written , performed and produced by The Buggles .
Enlightened Rogues is the sixth studio album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band .
Goin' Up is the second album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard released on the Blue Note label in 1961 .
The Black & White Album is the eighth solo album from American singer - songwriter and violinist Imani Coppola .
Tigerdrottningen ( Swedish for The Tiger Queen ) is the eleventh studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent .
A Traveler 's Guide to Space and Time is a first box set by German power metal band Blind Guardian .
`` Un'emozione per sempre '' is a song recorded by Italian singer Eros Ramazzotti and released in May 2003 as the lead single from his studio album 9 .
`` Whenever I Say Your Name '' is a 2004 duet between British singer - songwriter Sting and American R&B singer Mary J. Blige .
`` Gangsters and Thugs '' is a single by the Transplants from their second album Haunted Cities .
At Stockholm is an album by Psychic TV and White Stains .
`` The Ballad of Ronnie Drew '' is a single by U2 , The Dubliners , Kíla and A Band of Bowsies .
`` Fly Together '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Red Café , released as the promotional single off his upcoming debut studio album ShakeDown .
Night Rocker is the debut studio album by the American actor David Hasselhoff .
Labour of Lust is an album by British singer - songwriter Nick Lowe .
More Beautiful Than Silence is an EP by Canadian rapper K'naan , released on January 31 , 2012 .
Still Feels Good is the fifth studio album released by the American country music group Rascal Flatts .
`` Stryderman '' is the lead single from recording artist Tinchy Stryder 's second studio album , Catch 22 .
`` Take Me to the Next Phase ( Part 1 ) '' was a hit song for R&B / funk band The Isley Brothers .
2 - 3 - 4 is an album by American jazz drummer Shelly Manne featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse ! label .
`` Ride for You '' is a ballad written by Bryan Michael Cox , Kendrick `` Wyldcard '' Dean , and Adonis Stropshire for Danity Kane 's debut album Danity Kane ( 2006 ) .
I Cry , I Smile is the second full - length studio release from noted R&B / soul songwriter / producer Narada Michael Walden .
Smell the Magic is the second album by the Los Angeles band L7 .
Where Your Road Leads is the seventh studio album by country music singer Trisha Yearwood , released in 1998 by MCA Nashville .
`` Afternoons & Coffeespoons '' is a song of the Canadian pop band Crash Test Dummies and is the third single from the 1993 album God Shuffled His Feet .
Ballad of the Broken Seas is an album released by Isobel Campbell and the first collaboration between her and Mark Lanegan .
`` Ligaya '' ( English : Joy ) is the first single of the Eraserheads from their debut album , Ultraelectromagneticpop!.
Pulled Punches is the fifth album release from + /- and their first US compilation of unreleased material .
Execution Tracks ( 1998 ) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt .
`` Warrior 's Dance '' is the twentieth single released by the British electronic band The Prodigy on 11 May 2009 , and it is the second commercial single from the album Invaders Must Die after `` Omen '' and the free `` promo '' single `` Invaders Must Die '' .
`` It 's Passion '' is a debut single recorded by American `` emotio - electro '' band The System .
Re - Experienced is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix , released in the Netherlands in 1975 by Polydor Records .
No Ordinary World is the seventeenth studio album by Joe Cocker , released on 9 September 1999 in Europe and on 22 August 2000 in USA .
Home Wreckordings is a 2001 album by Rebecca Moore .
My Blood is the sixth studio album by the Danish technical thrash metal band Artillery .
`` Little Fluffy Clouds '' is a single released by the British ambient house group The Orb .
Grit & Grind is the seventh studio album by American rapper E-40 .
`` You Blow Me Away '' is a song by English vocalist Robert Palmer .
`` Broken Hearted Me '' is a song written by Randy Goodrum , originally recorded by England Dan & John Ford Coley in 1978 , and later covered by Canadian country and pop music singer Anne Murray .
Attack of the Grey Lantern is the debut album by English alternative rock band Mansun released in February 1997 via Parlophone .
A Million Trillion Stars ( 2009 ) is the second studio album by electronic duo Boomkat .
A Virgin and a Whore is the fourth album by Finnish symphonic death metal band Eternal Tears of Sorrow .
`` My Only Star '' is the sixth track on Finnish symphonic power metal band Amberian Dawn 's 2008 album , River of Tuoni .
Uneasy Listening Vol . 2 is a compilation album by Finnish band HIM .
`` Maybach Music 2 '' is a hip - hop song recorded by American rapper Rick Ross and released as the third single from his third studio album , Deeper Than Rap .
`` Can You Stand the Rain '' is a ballad by R&B / pop group New Edition .
Cosmic Cleavage is an album by American indie hip hop artist Busdriver .
Third Plane is an album by jazz bassist Ron Carter , released on the Milestone label in 1977 .
`` The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite '' is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. It was influenced by the song `` The Lion Sleeps Tonight '' , both in the title of the song and through the song 's opening refrain .
A Different Shade is a 2007 album from Swedish singer Erik Segerstedt , released on February 1 , 2007 , and debuted at number 2 on the Swedish album chart .
Green Shading into Blue is the third album by Norwegian jazz bassist and composer Arild Andersen recorded in 1978 and released on the ECM label .
Believing in Better is the second studio album by Lennie Gallant , released in 1991 ( see 1991 in music ) .
Church Mouth is the second full - length album from Alaskan experimental rock band Portugal . The Man .
Demolicious is a compilation album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
`` Old Folks '' is a song recorded by American country music artists Ronnie Milsap and Mike Reid , the latter of whom wrote the song .
Underground Chamber is the thirty - third studio album by guitarist Buckethead , and the fourth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series .
`` Farewell to the Fairground '' is a song from London - based indie rock band , White Lies .
Softly as a Summer Breeze is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1958 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1965 .
Sunshine and Rain is the eleventh studio album by American country music artist , Connie Smith .
Hear My Music is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix , released on November 30 , 2004 by Dagger Records .
These Old Charms is the debut album by Canadian Idol finalist Theresa Sokyrka , released across Canada on April 26 , 2005 .
Stoned & Dethroned is the fifth album by the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain .
Che sarà was sung by José Feliciano and the Ricchi e Poveri group and came second to Il Cuore E ' Uno Zingaro .
`` I Melt with You '' is a song by the British post - punk / new wave band Modern English .
Les Ténèbres du Dehors is an album by neoclassical band Elend .
`` There 's a Star '' is a song by Ash , released as the fifth single from their album Free All Angels , on 31 December 2001 .
`` Best I Ever Had ( Grey Sky Morning ) '' is a song recorded by the American alternative rock band Vertical Horizon on their fourth album Everything You Want , which was released in 1999 .
Bestival Live 2011 is a live album recorded by The Cure during Bestival 2011 music festival in September 2011 , and released in December 5 , 2011 .
The Ophidian Trek is a concert film by Swedish extreme metal band Meshuggah .
Universal Small Souljah is the fourth album from rapper Bushwick Bill .
`` Six Days on the Road '' is an American song written by Earl Green and Muscle Shoals Sound Studio songwriter Carl Montgomery , made famous originally by country music singer Dave Dudley .
`` Non ho mai smesso '' ( English : I never abandoned ) is a song recorded by Italian singer Laura Pausini for her studio album Inedito .
The Globe Sessions is the third studio album by American singer / songwriter Sheryl Crow , released on 21 September 1998 in the United Kingdom and 29 September 1998 in the United States , then re - released in 1999 .
Let 's Bottle Bohemia is the second album by the Irish indie / rock band , The Thrills .
When We Are Cats is the first solo EP by John Ralston after his band Legends of Rodeo went on indefinite hiatus .
Jack Elliott Sings the Songs of Woody Guthrie is an album by American folk musician Ramblin ' Jack Elliott , released in 1960 .
`` Drinkin ' Man '' is a song co - written and recorded by the American country music singer George Strait .
It 's Only a Movie is the seventh studio album from the British progressive rock band Family , released in 1973 , and their last original studio album before they disbanded that year .
`` Courtship Dating '' was the first single on the debut album by Ontario music group Crystal Castles .
Wages of Sin is the fourth studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy .
`` Let the Sun Shine '' is the debut single from English musician , Labrinth .
`` Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is ? '' is a song written and sung by Robert Lamm while in the rock band The Chicago Transit Authority ( later shortened to `` Chicago '' ) and recorded for their eponymous debut album The Chicago Transit Authority in 1969 .
No One Can Do It Better is The D.O.C. 's debut album , released on August 1 , 1989 .
A Naked Twist in My Story is the acoustic remake of Secondhand Serenade 's studio album A Twist in My Story released on February 19 , 2008 on Glassnote .
Frutta e verdura is an album by Italian singer Mina , distributed back to back with the album Amanti di valore .
Jazz Mood is the debut album by multi - instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1957 and released on the Savoy label .
The Third Cage is the third collaboration between virtuoso guitarist Dario Mollo and former Black Sabbath vocalist Tony Martin .
Voicings was the last recording by the Minneapolis jazz vocal group Rio Nido .
Alibis and Ammunition is the name of a punk rock album released on November 14 , 2006 , by the band Trashlight Vision , through the independent record label Evo Recordings .
Stop Killing Time is the second studio album by Greek musical group C : Real .
Mince Spies is a 2001 Christmas EP released by British rock band Coldplay .
Night of the Stormrider is American heavy metal band Iced Earth 's second full - length album .
`` It 's Getting Better All the Time '' is a song written by Ronnie Bowman and Don Cook , and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn that reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart .
`` Love Is Easy '' is a song by English pop rock band McFly which serves as the lead single from their second greatest hits album , Memory Lane :
Cozmic Jam is the only album from Quadrophonia .
Dopoguerra ( Post - war ) is the second full - length album by Italian alternative rock band Klimt 1918 .
Just Another Cowboy Song is the second solo album from long time Buck Owens and the Buckaroos guitarist and vocalist Doyle Holly .
`` Bajo Otra Luz '' ( `` Under Another Light '' ) is the third single released by Nelly Furtado during a special iTunes promotion counting down to the release of her fourth studio album , Mi Plan .
Längre inåt landet is the fifth studio album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell and was released on September 12 , 1980 , through Parlophone .
`` We Know Something You Do n't Know '' ( feat . Chali 2na & Akil ) `` Here Comes the Fuzz '' `` As the Drums Pound '' ( feat . Abdominal )
`` Cuts You Up '' is a song by English musician Peter Murphy , from his third solo studio album , Deep ( 1989 ) .
Must 've Been High is the fourth studio album and the first cowpunk album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers .
`` Seven Bridges Road '' is a song written by American musician Steve Young , recorded in 1969 for his Rock Salt & Nails album .
`` Step on My Old Size Nines '' is the third single from rock band the Stereophonics taken from the their third album Just Enough Education to Perform .
Fear of a Unique Identity is the fifth album by the UK band Antimatter .
`` Young Grow Old '' is a bonus track from the European edition of American rock band Creed 's album Human Clay .
Fried Brains is the tenth studio album by punk rock band The Lurkers .
`` One Night In Heaven 〜真夜中のエンジェル〜 '' ( One Night in Heaven ( Mayonaka no Angel ) ) is Wink 's sixth single .
`` Kiss or Kiss '' is the fifth single released by Japanese rock singer Nana Kitade .
`` Playing in the Band '' is a Grateful Dead song .
Acts of Love is an album of 50 poems by Penny Rimbaud of the anarchist punk band Crass , set to classical music composed and arranged by Penny Rimbaud and Paul Ellis , and performed by Steve Ignorant and Eve Libertine .
Uncover Me is the seventh album from Canadian singer - songwriter Jann Arden , released in 2007 .
`` Empty Garden ( Hey Hey Johnny ) '' is a song composed and performed by English musician Elton John , with lyrics by longtime collaborator Bernie Taupin .
Worship the Glitch is the only album to be released by `` ELpH vs. Coil '' , though an EP called Born Again Pagans is credited to `` Coil vs. ELpH '' .
Dirty King is the third album by Canadian rock band The Cliks , to be released June 23 , 2009 on Warner Music Canada and Tommy Boy Records .
`` Sunday Morning Call '' is a song by the English rock band Oasis , taken from their fourth studio album , Standing on the Shoulder of Giants .
Verbalni delikt is the 2011 album by Croatian rapper General Woo .
Remixion ( stylized as REMIXion ) is a remix extended play by Japanese band Sakanaction .
Larks ' Tongues in Aspic is the fifth studio album by the English progressive rock group King Crimson , originally released in 1973 .
`` Out of My Mind / Holy Water '' is a fund - raising two - track CD single from the supergroup WhoCares , a Tony Iommi and Ian Gillan collaboration , a direct continuation of the Rock Aid Armenia project .
`` Another Sad Love Song '' is the first official single from Toni Braxton 's self - titled debut album , Toni Braxton ( 1993 ) .
`` Semi - Mental '' is a song by Biffy Clyro and the first single from their fourth album , Puzzle , and is a download only single .
Questamation , released on Mar 9 , 2009 , is the first full - length semi - programmed album by Canadian band Ubiquitous Synergy Seeker , alias USS , consisting of Ashley Boo - Schultz on guitar and vocals , and Jason Parsons , aka Human Kebab , on turntables and programming .
Slania is the second full - length album by the Swiss folk metal band Eluveitie .
`` Hanabi Sky '' ( lit . Fireworks Sky ) is the fifth major - label physical single by Japanese soul singer Miho Fukuhara , released on June 17 , 2009 .
`` Make It with You '' is a song written by David Gates and originally recorded by the pop - rock group Bread , of which Gates was a member .
`` Miami 2017 ( Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway ) '' is a song written and originally recorded by Billy Joel which appeared as the final song on his album Turnstiles in 1976 .
`` Try Honesty '' is a song by Canadian group Billy Talent .
`` Come a Little Bit Closer '' is a song by the 1960s rock and roll band Jay and the Americans that reached number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1964 , making it the band 's highest ranking single ever ( it remains their most popular song , according to the Last.fm song rankings ) .
There 's Beauty in the Purity of Sadness is the second album by industrial metal band Red Harvest .
Mo ' Greens Please is the second album by American organist Freddie Roach recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label .
`` I Do n't Wanna Live Without Your Love '' is a Billboard Hot 100 # 3 hit song which was written by Diane Warren and Albert Hammond for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago 19 ( 1988 ) , with Bill Champlin singing lead vocals .
`` The Crow , the Owl and the Dove '' is the second single from the Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish 's seventh studio album Imaginaerum and was released on March 2 , 2012 .
Become You is the eighth studio album by the Indigo Girls , released in 2002 .
`` Certain People I Know '' was a single by Morrissey released in December 1992 .
Baby Beluga is a children 's music album by children 's entertainer Raffi , released in 1980 .
`` I 'll Take the Rain '' is the third and final single released by R.E.M. from their twelfth studio album Reveal in 2001 .
The Incredible Urban Myth of the Invincible Criminal is a 2009 audiobook reading by Mark Mallman of his graphic novel of the same name due out in 2010 .
Solid Brass is a compact disk of rock music released by the band Circus Lupus in 1993 .
Where Greater Men Have Fallen is the eighth full - length album by Irish metal band Primordial .
`` Wild Tiger Woman '' is a song recorded by The Move , and as with all the other A - sides of their singles , written by Roy Wood .
Alex Taylor With Friends and Neighbors is the debut album by Alex Taylor , brother of James , Livingston and Kate Taylor .
Concerto delle menti ( `` Concerto of minds '' ) is a progressive rock album released in 1973 by Italian band Pholas Dactylus .
Johnny the Fox is the seventh studio album by Irish band Thin Lizzy , released in 1976 ( see 1976 in music ) .
Drunk on the Moon is the first full - length album by No Knife , released in April 1996 on Goldenrod Records .
Professional Dreamers is the fifth album by the Swedish hip hop group Looptroop Rockers .
View from the Vault , Volume Four ( or View from the Vault IV ) is the fourth release in the `` View from the Vault '' series of rock concert recordings by the Grateful Dead .
`` Edwould '' was the third single from Larrikin Love , and the first to be taken from their debut album The Freedom Spark .
Victims of this Fallen World is the third album by the Canadian death metal band Kataklysm .
`` Break Up to Make Up '' was a 1973 hit by the Philadelphia soul group The Stylistics .
`` The Living Proof '' is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige for the soundtrack of the 2011 film The Help .
¿ Spicchiology ? is the second album from Xiu Xiu Larsen , the collaborative effort of experimental rock bands Larsen and Xiu Xiu .
Anthony Francis Sharma S.J. ( December 12 , 1937 -- December 8 , 2015 ) was a Nepalese Jesuit prelate and educator who became the first Roman Catholic bishop of Nepal .
Nick Barborak is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives for the 5th district .
Saint Louis of Toulouse ( 9 February 1274 -- 19 August 1297 ) was a cadet of the royal French house of Anjou who was made a Catholic bishop .
Edgar Moreira da Cunha , ( August 21 , 1953 ) is a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church serving as bishop of the Diocese of Fall River , Massachusetts .
Henri Swinkels ( born 25 October 1963 ) is a Dutch politician , he was a temporary member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for the Socialist Party from 14 May 2014 until 29 May 2014 when he replaced Renske Leijten who was on pregnancy and maternity leave .
Annette Polly Williams ( January 10 , 1937 -- November 9 , 2014 ) was an American counselor , clerical worker and politician from Milwaukee who served 10 terms as a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , representing her assembly district from her election in 1980 until January 3 , 2011 .
Giovanni Salviati ( March 24 , 1490 -- October 28 , 1553 ) was a Florentine diplomat and cardinal .
Chibly Langlois ( La Vallée , 29 November 1958 ) is a Haitian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Flaithbertach mac Inmainén ( died 944 ) was abbot of Inis Cathaig ( Scattery Island ) and sometime King of Munster in the south of Ireland .
Darius Mead ( July 9 , 1787 - - January 28 , 1864 ) was a member of the Connecticut Senate representing the 12th District from 1844 to 1846 .
Frank A. Howard , also known as Frankie Howard ( born December 1 , 1938 ) , is a former sheriff of Vernon Parish in western Louisiana , who has been since 2008 a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 24 , which includes De Soto , Red River , Sabine , and Vernon parishes .
Cao Jianming ( Chinese : 曹建明 ; pinyin : Cáo Jiànmíng ; born September 24 , 1955 in Nantong , Jiangsu ) is the Procurator - General of the Supreme People 's Procuratorate of the People 's Republic of China .
Richard W. DeKorte ( 1936 -- March 16 , 1975 ) was a New Jersey Republican member of the New Jersey General Assembly .
Mandubracius or Mandubratius was a king of the Trinovantes of south - eastern Britain in the 1st century BC .
Alexander Mair ( 25 August 1889 -- 3 August 1969 ) was an Australian politician and served as the Premier of New South Wales from 5 August 1939 to 16 May 1941 .
Savita Behen was an Indian politician , social worker , educationist and a former member of Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the bicameral Indian Parliament .
André - Hercule de Fleury , Bishop of Fréjus ( 22 June or 26 June 1653 -- 29 January 1743 ) was a French cardinal who served as the chief minister of Louis XV .
Brian Monteith ( born 8 January 1958 ) is a Scottish public relations consultant , politician and commentator , who was a Conservative Member of the Scottish Parliament between 1999 and 2007 .
Manuel Isidro Orozco Manrique de Lara ( 1681 - -1745 ) was a Spanish bishop who served as Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1742 to 1745 .
Halinard was Archbishop of Lyon from 1046 to 1052 and served as abbot from 1031 to 1052.He was once a candidate for the papacy , but turned it down .
Dean DePiero was the mayor of Parma , Ohio , and a former Cleveland - area member of the Ohio House of Representatives .
Charles - François Baillargeon ( April 26 , 1798 -- October 13 , 1870 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and archbishop .
Rubin Phillip ( b. circa 1948 ) is bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Natal .
Juan Natalicio González Paredes ( 8 September 1897 -- 6 December 1966 ) was a Paraguayan poet who served as President of Paraguay from 15 August 1948 to 30 January 1949 .
Kenneth Edward Untener ( August 3 , 1937 -- March 27 , 2004 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop , serving the Diocese of Saginaw from 1980 until his death .
Francesco Contarini ( Venice , 28 November 1556 -- Venice , 6 December 1624 ) was the 95th Doge of Venice , reigning from 8 September 1623 until his death fourteen months later .
Carl J. Strikwerda ( born 1952 ) is an American historian , and president of Elizabethtown College .
Joseph Kabila Kabange ( known commonly as Joseph Kabila , born 4 June 1971 ) is a Congolese politician who has been President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo since January 2001 .
Levi Ankeny ( August 1 , 1844 -- March 29 , 1921 ) was a Republican United States Senator from the state of Washington .
John of Thoresby ( died 6 November 1373 ) was an English clergyman and politician , who was Bishop of St Davids , then Bishop of Worcester and finally Archbishop of York .
Mehibtawy Sekhemkare Amenemhat Sonbef ( also Amenemhat Senbef ) was an Egyptian pharaoh of the 13th Dynasty during the Second Intermediate Period .
James Hamilton Peabody ( August 21 , 1852 -- November 23 , 1917 ) was the 13th and 15th Governor of Colorado , and is noted for his public service in Cañon City .
Achille Locatelli ( born 15 March 1856 in Seregno , Milan , Italy , died 5 April 1935 in Rome ) was a Roman Catholic cardinal .
Rajeev Chandrasekhar ( Kannada : ರಾಜೀವ್ ಚಂದ್ರಶೇಕರ್ ; born 31 May 1964 ) is an Indian politician currently serving a second term as an independent member of the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament of India .
Moshe Nissim ( Hebrew : משה נסים‎ , born 10 April 1935 ) is a former Israeli politician , minister and Deputy Prime Minister .
James Arthur Ewing ( born c. 1916 ) was the 40th Governor of American Samoa .
Igor Lukšić ( Montenegrin : Igor Lukšić , Игор Лукшић , pronounced ( îɡor lûkʃit͡ɕ ) , born 14 June 1976 ) is a Montenegrin politician , who became acting Prime Minister of Montenegro upon the resignation of Milo Đukanović , and was elected as Đukanović 's permanent replacement on 29 December 2010 .
William Poynter ( born 20 May 1762 , at Petersfield , Hampshire ; died 26 November 1827 , in London ) was an English Catholic priest , bishop as vicar apostolic in London .
Montserrat Gibert i Llopart ( born 1948 , Barcelona ) was the mayor of Sant Boi de Llobregat ( a Catalan town near Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain ) until 2007 .
John Dubois , S.S. ( French : Jean Dubois ) , served as the third bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of New York .
The Servant of God Pietro La Fontaine ( 29 November 1860 -- 9 July 1935 ) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the Patriarch of Venice .
Marlene Anielski ( born November 25 , 1961 ) is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives who represents the Sixth District .
Aurel Percă ( born August 15 , 1951 ) is a Romanian cleric , auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Iaşi .
Juan Bernardino Caballero de Añasco y Melgarejo ( 20 May 1839 , Ybycuí , Paraguay -- 26 February 1912 , Asunción ) was the President of Paraguay from 1881 until 1886 and founder of the Colorado Party .
Norman Knudson was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate from the 15th district from 1899 to 1902 .
Pericle Felici ( 1 August 1911 , Segni , Rome -- 22 March 1982 , Foggia ) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church .
César - Constantin - François de Hoensbroeck or Hoensbroech ( 28 August 1724 - 3 June 1792 ) was a German ecclesiastic of the Van Hoensbroeck family , most notable as prince bishop of Liege from 1784 to 1792 , in which post he was nicknamed the `` bourreau roux '' or `` red executioner '' .
Václav Klaus ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvaːtslaf ˈklaus ) ; born 19 June 1941 ) is a Czech economist and politician who served as the second President of the Czech Republic from 2003 to 2013 .
Walter Skirlaw ( also Walter de Skirlaw , Walter Skirclaw , Walter Skirlaugh , Walter Shirlagh , or Walter Skarlawe ) ( born Swine parish , Holderness , brought up at Skirlaugh ; died 1406 ) was an English bishop and diplomat .
Lodovico Altieri ( 17 July 1805 - 11 August 1867 ) was an Italian cardinal and he served as the Camerlengo of the Roman Catholic Church .
Sir John See , KCMG ( 14 October 1844 -- 31 January 1907 ) was a member of the New South Wales Legislature from 26 November 1880 to 15 June 1901 , and was then Premier of New South Wales from 1901 to 1904 .
Jeremy John Durham Ashdown , Baron Ashdown of Norton - sub - Hamdon , GCMG CH KBE PC ( born 27 February 1941 ) , usually known as Paddy Ashdown , is a British politician and former diplomat who served as Leader of the Liberal Democrats from 1988 until August 1999 .
Sir John James Cowperthwaite , KBE , CMG (; 25 April 1915 -- 21 January 2006 ) , was a British civil servant and the Financial Secretary of Hong Kong from 1961 to 1971 .
Michele Pellegrino ( 25 April 1903 -- 10 October 1986 ) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Turin from 1965 until 1977 .
Constantin Bosianu ( 10 February 1815 , Bucharest -- 21 March 1882 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian jurist and politician , honorary member of the Romanian Academy , Prime Minister of Romania from 26 January to 14 June 1865 .
Osvaldo Cacciatore ( 1924 - -2007 ) was an Argentine Air Force brigadier and former de facto Mayor of Buenos Aires during the National Reorganization Process military dictatorship .
Roger B. Wilson ( born October 10 , 1948 ) is an American politician who served as the 52nd Governor of Missouri from October 16 , 2000 to January 8 , 2001 .
Hadrian (; ; 24 January , 76 AD -- 10 July , 138 AD ) was Roman emperor from 117 to 138 .
Len Fasano is a Republican member of the Connecticut Senate , representing the 34th District since 2003 , and has served as the Senate Minority Leader since 2015 .
Intef III was the third pharaoh of the Eleventh Dynasty of Egypt during the late First Intermediate Period in the 21st century BC , at a time when Egypt was divided in two kingdoms .
William W. Reed ( February 8 , 1825 - 1916 ) was an American physician and politician from Jefferson , Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .
Aloysius Balina ( January 21 , 1945 -- November 6 , 2012 ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shinyanga , Tanzania .
Anastasios Charalambis ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Χαραλάμπης , 22 September 1862 -- 11 March 1949 ) was a Greek Lieutenant General and interim Prime Minister of Greece for one day in 1922 .
Christine May ( born 23 March 1948 , Dublin ) is a Labour Co - operative politician , and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Fife Central constituency from 2003 to 2007 .
Lisa Scaffidi ( née Sanders ) ( born 12 February 1960 ) is the first female lord mayor of Perth , Western Australia .
Evangelos Venizelos ( Greek : Ευάγγελος Βενιζέλος , pronounced ( eˈvaɲɟelos veniˈzelos ) ; born 1 January 1957 ) is a Greek politician who was Deputy Prime Minister of Greece and Minister for Foreign Affairs from 25 June 2013 to 27 January 2015 .
Federico di Sanseverino ( died 1516 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal of the 16th century .
Steve Dyer is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives , who represented the 43rd District from 2007 to 2010 .
Fernando Belaúnde Terry ( October 7 , 1912 -- June 4 , 2002 ) was President of Peru for two non - consecutive terms ( 1963 - -1968 and 1980 - -1985 ) .
Ram Baran Yadav ( Nepali : रामवरण यादव ; born 4 February 1948 ) is a Nepali politician and physician who was the President of Nepal from 23 July , 2008 to 29 October 2015 .
John J. Ely , Esq . ( April 7 , 1778 - January 11 , 1852 ) was an American politician who served as a freeholder , as sheriff of Monmouth County , New Jersey , and as a member of the New Jersey General Assembly .
Noreen Evans ( born April 22 , 1955 ) is an American lawyer and politician who was a member of the California State Senate .
Russell McWhortor Cunningham ( August 25 , 1855 -- June 6 , 1921 ) was an American Democratic politician who was the acting Governor of Alabama from April 25 , 1904 to March 5 , 1905 .
Pope Clement XI ( Latin : Clemens XI ; 23 July 1649 -- 19 March 1721 ) , born Giovanni Francesco Albani , was pope from 23 November 1700 to his death in 1721 .
George Reinhardt was an American politician from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who spent one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Edward Shippen ( 1639 , Hillham , Cheshire , England -- October 2 , 1712 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was the second mayor of Philadelphia , although under William Penn 's charter of 1701 , he was considered the first .
Ann K. Covington is a former chief justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri .
Johann Adam Rieger ( 16 July 1753 , Orb -- 30 July 1831 , Fulda ) was a bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fulda from 1812 to 1831 .
Hans Urs von Balthasar ( 12 August 1905 -- 26 June 1988 ) was a Swiss theologian and Catholic priest who was to be created a cardinal of the Catholic Church but died before the ceremony .
Tiberius Coruncanius ( died 241 BC ) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 280 BC . As a military commander in that year and the following , he was known for the battles against Pyrrhus of Epirus that led to the expression `` Pyrrhic victory '' .
Michel Suleiman or Sleiman ( Arabic : ميشال سليمان‎ Arabic pronunciation : ( miːʃaːl sulajmaːn ) , born 21 November 1948 ) was the President of Lebanon from 2008 to 2014 .
Eliezer Mizrahi ( Hebrew : אליעזר מזרחי‎ , born 19 April 1945 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1988 and 1992 , and as Deputy Minister of Health from 1990 until 1992 .
Xu Kuangdi KmstkNO FREng ( Chinese : 徐匡迪 ; pinyin : Xú Kuāngdí ; born December 1937 ) is a Chinese politician and scientist , best known for his term as Mayor of Shanghai from 1995 to 2001 .
Eddie Lee Jackson is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 114th District since his appointment on January 9 , 2009 to replace Wyvetter H. Younge .
Giovanni Battista Mellini ( 1405 - -1478 ) ( called the Cardinal of Urbino ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Saint Leobinus ( French : Lubin ) ( died 14 March 557 ) was a hermit , abbot , and bishop .
John Denis Wakeling ( 12 December 1918 -- 10 October 2004 ) was an Anglican bishop in the Church of England .
Eusebius , a layman who later became the bishop of the neighbouring Dorylaeum , was the first to accuse Nestorius of heresy but his most forceful opponent was Patriarch Cyril of Alexandria .
Giovanni Battista Rinuccini ( 15 September 1592 -- 28 December 1653 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop in the mid - seventeenth century .
Joe Stegner ( born December 17 , 1949 in Clarkston , Washington ) moved to Lewiston , Idaho and is a Republican member of the Idaho Senate since 1998 and represents the 7th District .
Trương Tấn Sang ( born 21 January 1949 ) is a Vietnamese politician , currently serving as the President of Vietnam and one of the country 's top leaders , alongside prime minister Nguyễn Tấn Dũng and Party general secretary Nguyễn Phú Trọng .
Ronald Gerard Connors ( November 1 , 1915 -- November 27 , 2002 ) was an American - born bishop in the Catholic Church .
Richard Grisé ( born 15 January 1944 in Saint - Bruno - de - Montarville , Quebec ) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada .
Yisrael Kessar ( Hebrew : ישראל קיסר‎ , born 20 May 1931 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a Knesset member for the Alignment and Labor Party between 1984 and 1996 .
Curt Cobb ( born December 28 , 1971 ) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 62nd district , which encompasses Bedford County and parts of Lincoln County and Rutherford County .
John of Montecorvino or Giovanni da Montecorvino in Italian ( 1247 - -1328 ) was an Italian Franciscan missionary , traveller and statesman , founder of the earliest Roman Catholic missions in India and China , and archbishop of Peking , and Latin Patriarch of the Orient .
Norodom Monineath Sihanouk ( Khmer : នរោត្ដម មុនីនាថ ; born Paule Monique Izzi , 18 June 1936 ) is the queen mother of Cambodia .
Wilbur Lucius Cross ( April 10 , 1862 -- October 5 , 1948 ) was an American literary critic who served as the 71st Governor of Connecticut from 1931 to 1939 .
An enraged Morgoth sought to desecrate the body of the valiant king but Thorondor , Lord of Eagles flew down and raked Morgoth 's eyes , and carried Fingolfin 's body away to be placed on a cliff overlooking Gondolin .
José María Martín de Herrera y de la Iglesia ( August 26 , 1835 in Aldeadávila de la Ribera , Spain -- December 8 , 1922 in Santiago de Compostela , Spain ) was a long - serving cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church in the early years of the twentieth century .
Abba Hushi was the father - in - law of Knesset member Amnon Linn .
Hugh Campbell Wallace ( February 10 , 1864 -- January 1 , 1931 ) was an American businessman , political activist , and diplomat who is best known for his service as the United States Ambassador to France from 1919 to 1921 .
Babette Josephs ( born August 4 , 1940 ) is a Democratic politician and attorney , and a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
François Bonnardel ( born November 8 , 1967 , in Verdun , Quebec ) is the Member of the National Assembly of Quebec , Canada , for the riding of Granby .
Hugh Henry ( born 12 February 1952 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish Labour politician and Member of the Scottish Parliament for Renfrewshire South since 2011 ( having represented Paisley South from 1999 to 2011 ) .
Sidney Mathias is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , who represented the 53rd district from 1999 to 2013 .
Martin Ziguélé ( born 12 February 1957 ) is a Central African politician who was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 2001 to 2003 .
Adam de Senlis ( died 1191 ) , also called Adam of Evesham , was a Benedictine monk who became abbot of Evesham Abbey .
Samuel Prentiss ( March 31 , 1782 -- January 15 , 1857 ) was a United States Senator from Vermont and later a United States federal judge .
Maurizio Galbaio ( Latin : Mauricius Galba ) ( died 797 ) was the seventh traditional , but fifth historical , Doge of Venice from 764 to his death .
John Gavin Nolan ( March 15 , 1924 -- November 17 , 1997 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop who served the Archdiocese for the Military Services .
Victor Hermann Balke ( September 29 , 1931 ) is the former Roman Catholic bishop of Crookston from 1976 - -2007 .
Frederick Joseph Agnich , known as Fred Agnich ( July 19 , 1913 - October 28 , 2004 ) , was a Minnesota - born geophysicist who served from 1971 to 1987 as a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives .
Khaled Chehab ( 1886 - -1978 ) ( in Arabic خالد شهاب ) was a Lebanese politician and Prime Minister of Lebanon for two terms .
Hekimoğlu Ali Pasha ( 1689 -- 13 August 1758 ) was an Ottoman statesman and military leader who served as Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire three times .
Lise - Lotte Rebel ( born 23 . January 1951 ) is bishop of the Church of Denmark who since April 2 , 1995 she has served as the bishop of the Diocese of Helsingør in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Denmark .
He was a member of the Liberal Party and served as Prime Minister of Denmark from 1973 to 1975 in the Cabinet of Poul Hartling .
William Richardson Davie ( June 20 , 1756 -- November 29 , 1820 ) was a military officer and the tenth Governor of North Carolina from 1798 to 1799 , as well as one of the most important men involved in the founding of the University of North Carolina .
Pierre Jaquet - Droz ( French : ( ʒakɛ dʁo ) ; 1721 - -1790 ) was a Swiss - born watchmaker of the late eighteenth century .
Howard W. Davis ( 1885 - -1959 ) was a member of the California State Assembly for two years and of the Los Angeles City Council for 16 years .
Gad Yaacobi ( Hebrew : גד יעקבי‎ , 18 January 1935 -- 27 August 2007 ) was an Israeli Minister , Alignment Knesset member , and Israel Ambassador to the United Nations .
Saint Acarius ( died 27 November 639 ) was bishop of Doornik and Noyon , which today are located on either side of the Franco - Belgian border .
Bernard d'Anduze was a bishop of Nîmes , France from 949 to 986 .
John Patrick Connick , known as Patrick Connick ( born March 1961 ) , is an attorney in Marrero , Louisiana , who has been since 2008 a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 84 in suburban Jefferson Parish .
Samuel Marvin ( 1664 - -1754 ) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk , Connecticut Colony in the May 1718 session .
Agnello Participazio ( Angelo Particiaco , Latin : Agnellus Particiacus ) was the tenth ( traditional ) or eighth ( historical ) Doge of Venice from 811 to 827 .
Canım Hoca Mehmed Pasha ( also known as Canum Hoca in European sources ) was an 18th - century Ottoman admiral who served three times as Kapudan Pasha ( grand admiral of the Ottoman Navy ) .
Rawghlie Clement Stanford ( August 2 , 1879 -- December 15 , 1963 ) was the fifth Governor of Arizona and served from 1937 to 1939 .
Todd Ames Hunter ( born August 26 , 1953 ) is a lawyer from Corpus Christi , Texas , who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 32 in Nueces County .
Ludwig von Erlichshausen ( 1410 - -1467 ) was the 31st Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights , serving from 1449/1450 to 1467 .
Rogelio Cabrera López ( born 24 January 1951 ) is the current archbishop of Monterrey since his appointment was announced on 3 October 2012 .
Carl Julius Otto Liebe ( 24 May 1860 -- 21 March 1929 ) was Prime Minister of Denmark 30 March 1920 to 5 April 1920 .
Otreius of Melitene ( fl . late 4th century ) was a Roman Catholic bishop of Melitene .
Emanuel Willis Wilson ( August 11 , 1844 -- May 28 , 1905 ) was the seventh Governor of West Virginia in 1884 .
Philip Yorke , 1st Earl of Hardwicke PC ( 1 December 1690 -- 6 March 1764 ) was an English lawyer and politician who served as Lord Chancellor .
Cayetano Arellano y Lonzón ( March 2 , 1847 -- December 23 , 1920 ) was the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines under the American Civil Government .
Richard B. Teitelman is a judge of the Supreme Court of Missouri He was born in Philadelphia , and is the youngest of three children .
Eruera Hamiora Tumutara ( 1859 - -1930 ) was a notable New Zealand ringatu bishop .
Domingos Gabriel Wisniewski CM ( March 2 , 1928 -- July 21 , 2010 ) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate and bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Apucarana , Brazil .
Jim Yong Kim MD , PhD , also known as Kim Yong ( Hangul : 김용 ; born December 8 , 1959 ) , is a South Korean and American physician and anthropologist who has served as the 12th President of the World Bank since July 1 , 2012 .
Saint Emygdius ( Latin : Emidius , Æmedius , Emigdius , Hemigidius ; Italian : Sant'Emidio ; c. 279 -- c. 309 AD ) was a Christian bishop who is venerated as a martyr .
James , son of Zebedee ( Hebrew : יַעֲקֹב Yaʿqob , Greek : Ἰάκωβος ; died 44 AD ) was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus , and traditionally considered the first apostle to be martyred .
Daniel Marsin ( born November 13 , 1951 in Pointe - à - Pitre , Guadeloupe ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the island of Guadeloupe .
Sir Thomas Kerry Burke ( born 24 March 1942 ) served as Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives from 1987 to 1990 .
Elizabeth Brater ( born April 12 , 1951 ) is a Democratic former member of the Michigan Senate , who represented the 18th District from 2003 to 2010 , and served as the Assistant Minority Leader .
Kurt Frank was a Wisconsin lawyer who served three terms as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Senate .
Sardar Mohammed Daoud Khan or Daud Khan ( July 18 , 1909 -- April 28 , 1978 ) was the Prime Minister of Afghanistan from 1953 to 1963 , and later became the first President of Afghanistan .
Joseph Hugh Allen ( January 27 , 1940 -- May 24 , 2008 ) was a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives from the industrial city of Baytown , who fought for ethics reform .
Jürgen Linden ( born January 13 , 1947 ) is a German politician ( Social Democratic Party of Germany ) and was Lord Mayor of Aachen from 1989 to 2009 .
Parkash Singh Badal ( born 8 December 1927 ) is an Indian politician who has been the Chief Minister of Punjab since 2007 .
Gregorio Pacheco Leyes ( 4 July 1823 -- 20 August 1899 ) was the constitutional President of Bolivia from 1884 to 1888 .
After a few years , Sahle Selassie felt his position secure enough that he proclaimed himself Negus , or king , of Shewa , Yifat , the Oromo and the Gurage peoples , without the authority of the Emperor of Ethiopia in Gondar , but with his apparent acquiescence .
William F. O'Hare , S.J. ( January 23 , 1870 -- October 11 , 1926 ) was an American - born bishop of the Catholic Church .
Platt Whitman ( February 5 , 1871 -- 1935 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .
Almond Gaston Crowe , Jr. , known as A. G. Crowe ( born May 8 , 1948 ) , is a Republican departing member of the Louisiana State Senate from District 1 in St. Tammany Parish .
Simon Bamberger ( February 27 , 1846 -- October 6 , 1926 ) was the fourth Governor of Utah ( 1917 - -1921 ) after it achieved statehood from territorial status in 1896 .
Pope Urban I ( Latin : Urbanus I ) was Bishop of Rome or pope from 222 to 23 May 230 .
Heikki Ritavuori ( 23 March 1880 , Turku -- 14 February 1922 , Helsinki ; surname until 1906 Rydman ) , was a Finnish lawyer , a politician from the National Progressive Party , a member of the Parliament of Finland and Minister of the Interior .
François Paul de Neufville de Villeroy ( 1677 - -1731 ) was archbishop of Lyon from 15 August 1714 to 6 February 1731 .
James Fairman Fielder ( February 26 , 1867 -- December 2 , 1954 ) was an American politician of the Democratic party , who served as the 35th Governor of New Jersey , from 1913 to 1917 , with a break of several months when he stepped down from office to avoid constitutional limits on serving successive terms .
Josie McFarlane is a fictional character that appeared in the BBC soap opera EastEnders .
Lu Zhishen , nicknamed `` Flowery Monk '' , is a fictional character in Water Margin , one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature .
In all of the accounts in the Hebrew Bible that mention Zerubbabel , he is always associated with the high priest who returned with him , Joshua ( Jeshua ) son of Jozadak ( Jehozadak ) .
Lyta Alexander is a character from the fictional universe of the science - fiction television series Babylon 5 , played by Patricia Tallman .
In the Bible , Meshech or Mosoch ( Hebrew : משך‎ ( meˈʃex ) `` price '' or `` precious '' ) is named as a son of Japheth in Genesis 10:2 and 1 Chronicles 1:5 .
Allison Taylor is a fictional character portrayed by Cherry Jones on the TV series 24 .
The Dread Pirate Roberts is a fictional character in the novel The Princess Bride ( 1973 ) and its 1987 film adaptation .
Tracey Kibre is a fictional Homicide Bureau Chief ADA on Law & Order : Trial by Jury , portrayed by Bebe Neuwirth .
Uncle Petrie or , Petrie J. Martin is a fictional character in the long - running American television series Lassie .
Sun Erniang ( lit . `` Second Sister Sun '' ) is a fictional character in Water Margin , one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature .
Sokka is a fictional character in Nickelodeon 's animated television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
Martin Riggs is a fictional character from the Lethal Weapon franchise .
Peredurus ( Welsh : Peredur ) is a legendary king of the Britons in Geoffrey of Monmouth 's pseudohistorical chronicle Historia Regum Britanniae .
Declan Macey is a fictional character in the British soap opera Emmerdale , introduced on 15 April 2010 .
Nisha Batra is a fictional character in the British soap opera Brookside .
Oddjob ( often written as `` Odd Job '' ) is a henchman to the villain Auric Goldfinger in the 1959 James Bond novel Goldfinger and its 1964 film adaptation .
Sammy Jo Carrington ( born Samantha Josephine Dean ; formerly Fallmont ) is a fictional character on the American TV series Dynasty .
Talia Winters is a fictional character appearing on the science fiction television show Babylon 5 during its first and second seasons .
The Purple Dragons are the name of a street gang in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise .
Arthur Branch is a fictional character on the TV crime drama Law & Order and one of its spinoffs , Law & Order : Trial by Jury .
Professor John Nerdelbaum Frink , Jr. , or simply Professor Frink , is a recurring character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
Natalie Snyder is a fictional character on the soap opera As the World Turns .
Nathan Petrelli , portrayed by Adrian Pasdar , is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes .
Olivia Spencer ( previously Lewis , O'Neill , and Spaulding ) ( born February 28 ) is a fictional character on the popular CBS daytime soap opera , Guiding Light .
Doctor John A. Zoidberg ( often shortened to Zoidberg ) is a fictional character in the television series Futurama .
Jael or Yael ( Hebrew Ya'el , יָעֵל , meaning Ibex ) is a woman mentioned in the Book of Judges in the Bible , as the heroine who killed Sisera to deliver Israel from the troops of King Jabin .
Crystal Crazy is an arcade game , published by Casady & Greene for Mac OS in 1993 .
Bad Luck Blackie is a 1949 animated cartoon produced by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
Cuthbert Goes Walkabout is a 1983 computer game for the Dragon 32/64 , TRS-80 CoCo , Commodore 64 and Atari 8-bit family home computers .
The Horribly Slow Murderer with the Extremely Inefficient Weapon is a 10-minute film short that was released in 2008 .
Christmas in the City is a 2013 American Christmas and holiday season film written by Barbara Kymlicka , directed by Marita Grabiak , starring Ashley Williams , Jon Prescott , and Ashanti and distributed by Lifetime Network
Killing in Istanbul ( originally Kilink Istanbul'da ) is a 1967 Turkish film directed by Yilmaz Atadeniz .
Conexión Caribe is a 1984 film starring members of Los Chicos , a Puerto Rican boy band of the 1980s , Tony , Migue , Chayanne and Rey .
Cannon Fodder 3 was released in Russia in December 2011 and -- via download service GamersGate --
The Seventh Sin is a 1957 film based on the 1925 novel The Painted Veil by W. Somerset Maugham .
Two Fists , One Heart is an 2008 Australian drama film directed by Shawn Seet and written by Rai Fazio , and is based on Fazio 's own life growing up .
Biohazardous is a 2001 American horror film written and directed by Michael J. Hein .
Nothing Like Experience is a 1970 Australian film made by Melbourne University Film Society about three students at Melbourne University .
Boo Moon is a theatrical cartoon short released in 1954 in 3D format as a Stereotoon .
Split Decisions is a 1988 film directed by David Drury .
Kumari 21F is a 2015 Indian Telugu drama film directed by Palnati Surya Pratap , and written and co - produced by Sukumar with Vijay Bandreddi and Thomas Reddy under their banners Sukumar Writings and P. A. Motion Pictures .
The Elder Son ( 2006 ) is a comedy - drama film directed by Marius Balchunas and written by Marius Balchunas and Scott Sturgeon .
Hollywood Daffy is a 1946 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon , directed by an uncredited Friz Freleng ( why Freleng is uncredited is unclear ) , written by Michael Maltese , and starring Daffy Duck .
Legend of Makai ( Japanese : Makai Densetsu ) is an arcade video game from 1988 .
Young Catherine is a 1991 American TV miniseries based on the early life of Catherine II of Russia .
In the 1920s , Arie de Jong , with the consent of the leaders of the small remnant of Volapük speakers , made a revision of Volapük which was published in 1931 ( now called Volapük Nulik `` New Volapük '' as opposed to the Volapük Rigik ' Original Volapük ' of Schleyer ) .
An Insignificant Harvey is a 2011 independent Canadian film .
Buddy 's Pony Express is an American animated short film , released March 9 , 1935 .
Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai ( English : When one falls in love ) is an Indian Hindi language film released in 1998 .
The TV Set is a 2006 comedy - drama film about an idealistic writer attempting to bring his vision for a TV show to fruition on the small screen .
The Ballad of Little Jo is a 1993 American western film inspired by the true story of a society woman who tries to escape the stigma of bearing a child out of wedlock by going out to the West , and living disguised as a man .
Petty Romance ( Hangul : 째째한 로맨스 ; RR : Jjaejjaehan romaenseu ) is a 2010 South Korean 18-rated romantic comedy film about the fiery relationship between an adult cartoonist and a former sex columnist .
Alguien se acerca ( English : Someone approaches ) is an unreleased 1948 Argentine film .
Dr. Seuss 's Sleep Book is a 1962 children 's book by Dr. Seuss .
A la mala ( Spanish for : By foul means ) is a 2015 Mexican romantic comedy film written by Issa López and Ari Rosen and directed by Pedro Pablo Ibarra .
Moulin Rouge ! ( /ˌmuːlæn ˈruːʒ/ , from French : ( mulɛ̃ ˈʁuʒ ) ) is a 2001 Australian--
Return to Two Moon Junction is a 1995 romantic drama film which serves as a sequel to the 1988 film Two Moon Junction .
Though it was shot in 1991 , Teenage Exorcist was n't released on video until 1994 .
A Wife 's Life is an eight - minute film made in 1950 by classic short filmmaker Pete Smith ( film producer ) , who also narrates .
Bhagya Devathe ( Kannada : ಭಾಗ್ಯ ದೇವತೆ ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film , directed by Rathnakar - Madhu and produced by V Sundareshan .
Grimm Love ( original German title Rohtenburg ) is a 2006 psychological horror film inspired by the Armin Meiwes cannibal murder case .
Vatathukkul Chadhuram ( Tamil : வட்டத்துக்குள் சதுரம் ) is a 1978 Indian Tamil film , directed by S. P. Muthuraman and produced by N. S. Mani .
Humorous Phases of Funny Faces is a 1906 short silent animated cartoon directed by James Stuart Blackton and generally regarded by film historians as the first animated film recorded on standard picture film .
Mickey 's Delayed Date is a cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions , distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and released on October 3 , 1947 .
Florbela is a 2012 Portuguese biographical film about Portuguese poet Florbela Espanca , directed by Vicente Alves do Ó.
Sid & Al 's Incredible Toons is a puzzle video game developed by Dynamix and released by Sierra On - Line in 1993 .
Wrestling Swordfish is a 1931 American short adventure film produced by Mack Sennett .
An Evening with the Dixie Chicks is a 2002 live music documentary featuring the Dixie Chicks and directed by Joel Gallen .
The Boys & Girls Guide to Getting Down was the winner of five independent film awards at the Los Angeles Film Festival 2006 .
Time of Violence ( Bulgarian : Време на насилие , translit . Vreme na nasilie ) is a 1988 Bulgarian film based on the novel Vreme razdelno ( Време разделно , `` Time of Parting '' ) of Anton Donchev .
The Cats of Mirikitani is a documentary film originally released in 2006 .
Culture , Alienation , Boredom and Despair is a 2012 documentary film about Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers 's 1992 debut studio album , Generation Terrorists .
Sweet J Presents ended after 12 episodes and moved to Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim in 2005 as Robot Chicken , premiering on Sunday , February 20 , 2005 .
Sorry for the Disturbance ( Arabic : اسف على الإزعاج‎ -- Asef Ala Al Izaag , also spelled Asef Ala El - Ezaag or Asef 3ala El Ez3ag ) ( 2008 ) is an Egyptian film starring Ahmed Helmi and Menna Shalabi .
Total Denial is a 2006 documentary film about fifteen Burmese villagers going up against oil giants UNOCAL and Total as they build the Yadana Pipeline .
Kids vs Monsters is a 2015 fantasy film that was directed by Sultan Saeed Al Darmaki and is his directorial debut .
Ways across the Country ( German : Wege übers Land ) is a 1968 East German television miniseries , directed by Martin Ackermann .
EMI released `` Keep Yourself Alive '' as a single in the United Kingdom on 6 July 1973 , a week before Queen hit the stores .
Boat Trip 3D also known as Duel on water 3D is the first Dutch digital 3D short film ( with a running time of 10 minutes ) , released at the Netherlands Film Festival in Utrecht in September 2008 .
Space Mutiny ( also known as Mutiny in Space ) is a 1988 South African science - fiction action film about a mutiny aboard the spaceship known as the Southern Sun .
Down Argentine Way is a 1940 Technicolor musical film made by Twentieth Century Fox .
La sombra del otro ( `` The Shadow of the Other '' ) is a 1957 Mexican film .
Gandhada Gudi Part 2 ( Kannada : ಗಂಧದಗುಡಿ ಭಾಗ-೨ ) is a 1994 Indian Kannada adventure drama film directed by Vijay and produced by M. P. Shankar .
Siberiade ( Russian : Сибириада , translit . Sibiriada ) is a 1979 epic Soviet film in four parts , spanning much of the 20th century .
Kalem Mama ( Call Mama ) is a 2003 Egyptian romantic comedy film written by Mostafa El Sobki and directed by Ahmad Awwadh .
The Upper Footage ( also known as Upper ) is a 2013 found footage film directed and written by Justin Cole .
El dolor de pagar la renta ( English : The Pain of Paying Rent ) is a 1960 Mexican comedy film directed Agustín P. Delgado .
Out of My Intention ( Hangul : 나도 모르게 ; RR : Nado Moleugae ) is a 2008 South Korean short film written and directed by Yoo Ji - tae .
Flight on Titan first appeared in the January 1935 issue of Astounding Stories , was the first of Weinbaum 's to appear in Astounding Stories , and is the only story by him set on Saturn 's largest moon , Titan .
Guldasta ( Marathi : गुलदस्ता ; English : Bouquet of Flowers ) is a Marathi film released on 14 January 2011 .
Death Duel of Kung Fu is 1979 martial art movie , directed by William Cheung Ki and starring John Liu , Don Wong Tao and Eagle Han - ying .
Chitra Te Shera ( Punjabi : چترا تے شیرا ) is 1976 Pakistani Punjabi language fictional historical film , directed by Iqbal Kashmiri and produced by Babar Iqbal .
A People Uncounted is a 2011 Canadian documentary film directed by Aaron Yeger about the culture and history of the Romani people ( commonly known as gypsies ) in Europe , with special emphasis on their plight during The Holocaust .
What Is the Electric Car ? is a 2010 documentary film that explains the benefits of electric cars .
High Yellow is a 1965 film about a black girl who tries to pass for white .
40 Days and Nights is a 2012 disaster film loosely based on the 2009 film 2012 .
The Wetback Hound is a 1957 American short family film produced by Larry Lansburgh .
Day of Independence is a 2003 short film , broadcast in 2005 as a half - hour PBS television special .
The Literature of Australian Birds is a book published in 1954 by Paterson Brokensha in Perth , Western Australia .
Love Under the Date - Tree ( Greek : Έρωτας στη χουρμαδιά , Erotas sti hourmadia ) is a 1990 Greek comedy film directed by Stavros Tsiolis .
A Touch of Magic ( 1961 ) is a musical sponsored film .
Sunday School Musical is a musical film mockbuster released direct - to - DVD on October 21 , 2008 .
A Woman of the Sea , also known by its working title Sea Gulls , is an unreleased silent film produced in 1926 by the Chaplin Film Company .
The Agitator is a 1945 British drama film directed by John Harlow and starring William Hartnell , Mary Morris and John Laurie .
Rebel in Paradise is a 1960 American documentary film on the artist Paul Gauguin produced by Robert D. Fraser .
Miss Pinkerton is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy mystery film about a nurse who becomes involved in a murder investigation .
Poppea 's Hot Nights ( Italian : Le calde notti di Poppea ) is a 1969 Italian comedy film set in Ancient Rome .
Jatt Airways is the Punjabi movie starring Alfaaz , Tulip Joshi , Padam Bhola , Smriti Khanna , Jaswinder Bhalla , Binnu Dhillon , Rana Jang Bahadur , BN Sharma , Deepak Raja , Karamjit Anmol , Manreet Kaur , Kulwant Gill and many more , After postponing couple of times , the movie was released on 30 August 2013
Thrill of the Surf is a 1949 documentary about Australia 's surf culture directed by Ken G Hall .
A Preferred List is a 1933 American Pre - Code short comedy film produced by Lou Brock .
Fire Talker is a 2009 documentary film by Australian filmmaker Ivan Sen. It is a documentary biopic about Aboriginal Australian political activist , footballer and administrator , Charlie Perkins .
Janani Janmabhoomi ( English : Mother & The Motherland ) is a 1984 Telugu , Philosophical film produced by K. Kesava Rao on Sri Bramharambika Films banner , directed by K. Viswanath .
Muthu Chippi ( Tamil : முத்துச்சிப்பி ) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film , directed by M. Krishnan and produced by E. V. Rajan .
The Band That Would n't Die is a sports documentary film released in 2009 and created and directed by Barry Levinson as a part of ESPN 's 30 for 30 documentary series .
Love N ' Dancing is a 2009 film about a couple who take part in a competition in the world of swing dancing .
Bad Turn Worse , also known as We Got ta Get Out of This Place , is a 2013 American neo - noir film directed by brothers Zeke and Simon Hawkins .
Jacob 's Sound is a film directed by Anna Dudley released in 2003 starring Tyhm Kennedy and Nicole Williams .
Kirikou and the Wild Beasts ( French : Kirikou et les bêtes sauvages ) is a 2005 French animated feature film .
Saarathi ( Kannada : ಸಾರಥಿ , English : Charioteer ) is a 2011 Indian Kannada romance action film written and directed by Dinakar Thoogudeep .
Super Sleuth Christmas Movie is a 2007 film based on the hit Playhouse Disney series My Friends Tigger & Pooh .
Osey Ramulamma is a 1997 Telugu film based on a woman 's rebellion in Telangana .
The Case is a 2007 Chinese film directed by the female first - time director , Wang Fen .
Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani ( English : Unique Prem 's ( Love 's ) Amazing Story ) is a 2009 romantic comedy film .
A Grim Becoming is a 2014 horror comedy film that was directed by Adam R. Steigert .
Drux Flux is a 2008 animated short by Theodore Ushev , inspired by Herbert Marcuse 's treatise One - Dimensional Man .
The Boy Who Drank Too Much is a 1980 American television film based on a novel by Shep Greene .
Everyone 's Going to Die is a 2013 British film written and directed by directing collective Jones .
I basilischi ( also known as The Basilisks and The Lizards ) is a 1963 Italian drama film .
Peut - être ( Maybe ; Perhaps ) is a 1999 French science fiction comedy film .
Gleaming the Cube ( also known as A Brother 's Justice and Skate or Die ) is an American film released in 1989 .
Adi Kapyare Kootamani is a 2015 Malayalam comedy film directed by John Varghese starring Mukesh , Dhyan Sreenivasan , Namitha Pramod , Aju Varghese , Neeraj Madhav , and Bijukuttan .
Annai Velankanni is 1971 Indian drama film in Tamil .
Adam Khan Dukhaniye is a Pollywood film of 1971 .
Edge of Madness is a 2002 drama film based on the short story A Wilderness Station , written by Alice Munro .
Misery Me is a 1959 Australian television movie , or rather a live television play , which aired on ABC .
Tap Roots is a 1948 period film set during the American Civil War .
Kiss Meets the Phantom of the Park ( known as Attack of the Phantoms in Europe and Kiss Phantoms in Italy ) is a 1978 television film , starring American hard rock band Kiss .
The Mole Man of Belmont Avenue is a 2011 comedy horror film that was written and directed by Mike Bradecich and John LaFlamboy , who also starred .
Ninu Choodaka Nenundalenu is a 2002 Telugu film written and directed by R. Srinivas and produced by J. M. Joshi .
Merlin and the Sword is a 1985 TV movie based on the Arthurian legend .
The Wild , Wild Rose ( simplified Chinese : 野玫瑰之恋 ; traditional Chinese : 野玫瑰之戀 ; pinyin : yě méiguī zhī liàn ) is a 1960 Hong Kong film directed by Wang Tian - lin .
Armor Hero Atlas ( Chinese : 铠甲勇士之雅塔莱斯 ) is a 2014 Chinese science fiction action film directed by Zheng Guowei and based on a television series .
Merrie Melodies is an American animated series of comedy short films produced by Warner Bros. between 1931 and 1969 , during the golden age of American animation .
Chariots of Fire is a 1981 British historical drama film .
Some Great Videos is the first music video compilation by Depeche Mode , featuring ten music videos directed by Clive Richardson or Peter Care , released in 1985 .
Dark Remains 2005 American horror film written and directed by Brian Avenet - Bradley .
Konchem Koththaga is a 2008 Telugu film directed , written by Raju Rajendra Prasad .
Strippers vs Werewolves is a 2012 comedy - horror film directed by Jonathan Glendening .
Blood in the Mobile is a 2010 documentary film by Danish film director Frank Piasecki Poulsen .
Kangaroo Palace is a 1997 drama television film which aired on Seven Network .
The Flaming Crisis is a 1924 silent romance Western film written and directed by William H. Grimes .
All Soul 's Eve was a 1921 American silent drama film .
Dharitri is an Odia social satire drama released on 30 March 1973 .
Raktamukhi Neela ( Bengali : রক্তমুখি নীলা ) is a Bengali B - Movie released in 2008 .
Angel on the Curb ( 2003 ) ( Shantytown Blues , Russian : Ангел на обочине ) is an avantguard musical drama , close in style to Sergey Solovyov 's Assa .
Beverly Lane is 2010 comedy horror written and directed by Joshua Hull .
City of Ember is a 2008 American science fiction fantasy film based on the 2003 novel The City of Ember by Jeanne DuPrau .
Once Upon a Halloween is a 2005 direct - to - video film in DVD made by Walt Disney Home Entertainment of Walt Disney Pictures , featuring Evil Queen ( from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ) and Disney Villains .
The Walking Stick is a 1970 film based on the 1967 novel by Winston Graham .
Hold That Girl is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Hamilton MacFadden and written by Dudley Nichols and Lamar Trotti .
Spring in My Hometown ( Hangul : 아름다운 시절 ; RR : Areumdaoon shijeol ) is an award - winning 1998 South Korean film .
Goodbye Charlie is a 1964 comedy film about a callous womanizer who gets his just reward .
Crazy Old Woman is a 2007 Canadian short form paranormal thriller , written by H. Scott Hughes and directed by Joe Fang .
Paging Emma is a 1999 Puerto Rican film .
Little Fighter 2 was created by Marti Wong and Starsky Wong in 1999 , and released in a long series of updates .
Dim Sum Funeral is a 2008 comedy / drama film .
Thattakam is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film directed by Ramesh Das and starring Nedumudi Venu and Ranjitha in the lead roles .
Sri Ramakrishna Darshanam is a 2012 Singaporean and Indian Tamil and Hindi language biographical film based on the life and philosophy of 19th century Bengali mystic saint Ramakrishna .
Sono innocente is a studio album by Italian singer - songwriter Vasco Rossi , produced by Guido Elmi and Rossi himself and released by Universal on 4 November 2014 .
The Room Two was released on iTunes for iPad iOS 7 devices on 12 December 2013 .
Hard Knuckle is a 1988 Australian TV film about a young boy who tries to get a pool player back on track .
They Met in Guayaquil ( Spanish : Se conocieron en Guayaquil ) is a 1949 Ecuadorian drama film directed by Paco Villar .
Victoria No . 203 is a 1973 Hindi film produced and directed by Brij .
La Bien - aimée is a 1967 French television drama directed by Jacques Doniol - Valcroze .
The Tales of Beatrix Potter ( US title : Peter Rabbit and Tales of Beatrix Potter ) is a 1971 ballet film based on the children 's stories of English author and illustrator Beatrix Potter .
Triumph and Agony is the fourth and final studio album by the German heavy metal band Warlock , released on 5 September 1987 .
Jetpac is a 1983 shooter video game developed and published by Ultimate Play The Game and released for the ZX Spectrum and VIC-20 .
Dick Barton Strikes Back is a 1950 British film about special agent Dick Barton .
Muhoorthangal is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film , directed PM Benny .
Madha Yaanai Koottam ( Tamil : மதயானைக் கூட்டம் ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Vikram Sugumaran who was a former assistant of Balu Mahendra and dialogue writer of Aadukalam .
The Notice of the Day ( Spanish : Arregui , La Noticia del Día ) is a 2001 Argentine comedy - drama film directed and written by María Victoria Menis with Diana Iceruk .
Birth of the B-29 was a 1945 propaganda film commissioned by the US War Department .
TacOps is a turn - based wargame originally released in 1994 .
Kiss of a Killer is a 1993 television thriller film written by David Warfield and directed by Larry Elikann .
The Essential Iron Maiden is the fourth greatest hits compilation by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden , released on 5 July 2005 .
Expedition Linné is a 2007 documentary film made for the 300th anniversary of the birth of Swedish botanist , physician , and zoologist Carl Linnaeus .
History Lessons ( German : Geschichtsunterricht ) is a 1972 West German drama film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean - Marie Straub .
Chanakya Shapatham ( Telugu : ఛాణక్య శపధం ) is a 1986 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi , Vijayashanti , Rao Gopal Rao , and Satyanarayana .
Un Soir du Paris ( An Evening in Paris ) is a lesbian - themed short story collection compiled by SepociKopi.com and published in 2010 by Gramedia Pustaka Utama .
Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ( English : My Friend / Darling , Would You Like To Eat Laddu ? ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Manikandan .
Dongodu is a 2003 Telugu language comedy movie produced by Bheemineni Rushita Sai under Goodwill Cinema banner .
American Pimp is a 1999 documentary that examines the pimp subculture in the United States .
Twice Branded is a 1936 British drama film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring James Mason , Robert Rendel and Lucille Lisle .
Toy Tinkers is an animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on December 16 , 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures .
The Butler 's Dilemma is a 1943 British , black - and - white , comedy film , directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Ronald Shiner as Ernie , Ian Fleming , Francis L. Sullivan , Judy Kelly , Hermione Gingold , Henry Kendall , Wally Patch .
A Little Frog Is looking for His Father ( Russian : Лягушонок ищет папу ) is The 1964 Soviet Russian Stop - motion Animation Film by Roman Kachanov .
R.L. Stine 's Haunted Lighthouse is a 2003 short 4-D film .
Action Boys ( Hangul : 우린 액션 배우다 ; RR : Urin Aeksyeon Baeuda ) is a 2008 South Korean documentary film directed by Jung Byung - gil .
London in the Raw is a 1964 British documentary about London nightlife .
Mere Huzoor ( English : My Lord ) is a 1968 Hindi - Urdu romance drama film produced by Malik Chand Kochar , Vinod Kumar on Movie Mughals banner and directed by Vinod Kumar .
Soshur Bari Zindabad ( Bengali : শ্বশুরবাড়ী জিন্দাবাদ ) is a 2002 Bangladeshi film released on Eid - ul - Fitr .
Hell High is a 1989 slasher film .
Sixpack Annie is a 1975 American International film aimed at the drive - in theatre circuit that was advertised with tags `` Lookout ...
Der Spalt ( The Gap - Mindcontrol ) is a 2014 German feature film .
Rajani Kantha , ( Kannada : ರಜನಿಕಾಂತ ) is a 2013 Indian romantic drama film in the Kannada language directed by Pradeep Raj and produced by K. Manju .
Heroes of Shaolin ( Chinese : 大武士與小票客 ) aka Heroes of the Wild is the Americanized title for the 1977 Hong Kong kung fu epic Daai miu si yue siu piu haak .
Victorino ( Las calles no se siembran ) ( `` Victorino ( The Streets are Not Planted ) '' ) is a 1973 Mexican film .
Stanley and Livingstone ( 1939 ) is a movie based loosely upon the true story of reporter Sir Henry M. Stanley 's quest to find Dr. David Livingstone , a missionary presumed lost in Africa .
Call + Response is a documentary film released in 2008 by Fair Trade Pictures to support human rights activism against human trafficking and slavery on a community level .
For Eternal Hearts ( Hangul : 별빛 속으로 ; RR : Byeolbit Sogeuro ) is a 2007 South Korean film .
Sexo , amor y otras perversiones ( Spanish for `` Sex , love and other perversions '' ) is a 2006 Mexican film made up of eight short films directed by the renowned Mexican film directors :
Beautiful Strangers was the ninth best - selling book overall in Romania in 2010 .
The True Glory ( 1945 ) is a co - production of the US Office of War Information and the British Ministry of Information , documenting the victory on the Western Front , from Normandy to the collapse of the Third Reich .
Butcher Hill is an action game developed and published by Gremlin Graphics in 1989 .
45365 is a 2009 documentary film made by first - time directors and brothers Bill Ross IV and Turner Ross .
Buddy of the Apes is an American animated short film , released May 26 , 1934 .
Welcome to Kodaikanal is a 1992 Malayalam movie written by Kaloor Dennis and directed by Anil Babu .
You 're the Doctor is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Roy Lockwood and starring Barry K. Barnes , Googie Withers and Norma Varden .
Phish 3D is a 2010 concert film in 3D featuring the rock band Phish .
Ek Baar Chale Aao is a 1983 social film by Abdul Sattar starring Deepti Naval and Farooq Shaikh in the lead roles .
The Mysterious Mr. Davis is a 1939 British comedy drama film directed by Claude Autant - Lara and starring Henry Kendall , Kathleen Kelly and Alastair Sim .
¡ Vuelven los García ! ( `` The Return of the García ! '' ) is a 1947 Mexican film .
No More Sunsets is a 2006 American short documentary film starring former trucker Shawn Bridges and filmed by Chip Rosetti at the former 's request .
`` My Perestroika '' was released in cinemas in the US and Canada in 2011 in over 70 cities .
Er Dong ( Chinese : 二冬 ; pinyin : èr dōng ) , directed by Yang Jin , is a 2008 narrative independent Chinese film about a rebellious teenager in rural northern China .
Anger of the Gods is a 2003 Burkinabé film .
Down in ' Arkansaw ' is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Dorrell McGowan and Stuart E. McGowan .
Dakota Express is a 2002 Kannada comedy film , a remake of the 2001 Malayalam film Ee Parakkum Thalika .
Gangster Payday ( 大茶飯 ) is a 2014 Hong Kong action comedy drama film directed by Lee Po - cheung .
Emergency Act 19 ( Hangul : 긴급조치 19호 ; RR : Gimgeubjochi 19ho ) is a satirical 2002 South Korean film about a government act that prohibits popular music , passed in response to a number of musicians being elected to government elsewhere in the world .
Forward March Hare is an animated Looney Tunes cartoon released in 1953 featuring Bugs Bunny .
Ladies of the House is a television movie made - for - TV movie that aired on Hallmark Channel in October 2008 .
First Descent is a 2005 documentary film about snowboarding and its beginning in the 1980s .
Save the Tiger is a 1973 film about moral conflict in contemporary America .
In Old Montana is a 1939 American Western film about the conflict existing between sheepherders and cattleman in the 19th century .
Jag och min far is a song written and recorded by Olle Ljungström , and released as a single in 1997 as well as on the 1998 album Det stora kalaset 1998 .
Bury Me in Redwood Country is a 2009 documentary film about the Redwood forest landscape .
New World Disorder III - Freewheel Burning is the title of the third film of the series of New World Disorder Mountain - biking film series , the film was released in 2002 and was a success that was popular enough that another film was produced as a result of it .
The Idol of Paris is a 1948 film based on the novel Paiva , Queen of Love by Alfred Schirokauer , about a mid-19th century French courtesan Theresa who sleeps her way from poverty to the top of Second Empire society .
Barnaby and Me is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a girl and her talking koala who are pursued by criminals .
Digvijaya ( Kannada : ದಿಗ್ವಿಜಯ ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film , directed by Somu and produced by Geetha Srinath , Somu and M S Karanth .
Mannai Thottu Kumbidanum is a 1995 Tamil language drama film directed by R. Umashankar .
The Odd Couple II is the 1998 sequel to 1968 's The Odd Couple .
Captive Flock ( Bulgarian : Пленено ято , translit . Pleneno yato ) is a 1962 Bulgarian drama film directed by Ducho Mundrov .
Pioneer Heroes ( Russian : Пионеры-герои , Pionery - geroi ) is a 2015 Russian drama film directed by Natalia Kudryashova .
Yeh Adam ( Punjabi : یہ آدم ) is 1986 Pakistani Punjabi language action , directed by Irshad Sajid and produced by Basheer Ahmad Butt M - Abdullah .
Our South African Birds is an album of South African birds published in 1941 .
A Letter from Bataan is a 1942 `` Victory Short '' documentary film or propaganda film made by Paramount Pictures in collaboration with the U.S. Office of War Information and the United States Government .
Night Eyes 3 is a 1993 erotic thriller film and the third within the Night Eyes series .
Mickybo and Me is a 2004 Northern Irish comedy - drama film written and directed by Terry Loane and based on the stage play Mojo Mickybo by Owen McCafferty .
Cyrano Fernandez is a 2007 Venezuelan drama film based on the plays of Cyrano de Bergerac but set in contemporary times .
Kalavathi ( Tamil : கலாவதி ) is a 1951 Indian Tamil film directed by L. S. Ramachandran and written by Sundara Vathiyar and Chidambaram Natarajan .
Il giro del mondo degli innamorati di Peynet , internationally released as Around the World with Peynet 's Lovers and The Turn of the World of the Sweethearts of Peynet , is a 1974 Italian animation film directed by Cesare Perfetto .
Balablok is a 1972 animated short written and directed by Břetislav Pojar exploring the human propensity for resorting to violence over reason .
Janma Rahasya ( Kannada : ಜನ್ಮ ರಹಸ್ಯ ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film directed by S. P. N. Krishna .
The Woman Disputed is a 1928 American drama film .
The Price of a Party is a 1924 American silent melodrama produced by Howard Estabrook and distributed by Associated Exhibitors .
Dragonworld is a 1994 film that was released Direct - to - Video .
My Name Is Sultan released on 20 August 2012 .
Beyond the Limits is a 1992 book continuing the modeling of the consequences of a rapidly growing global population that was started in Limits to Growth .
Challenge of the Tiger is a 1980 Hong Kong , American , and Italian Bruceploitation martial arts film .
Kiss of the Death ( Vietnamese : Nụ Hôn Thần Chết ) is a comedy released in 2008 that stars Thanh Hang and Johnny Tri Nguyen .
Night in the City ( Chinese : 城市之夜 ; pinyin : Chéngshì zhī yè ) ( also known as City Nights ) was a 1933 Chinese silent film .
Johnny Does n't Live Here Any More is a 1944 American comedy / romance film starring Simone Simon , James Ellison , William Terry , and featuring Robert Mitchum in an early role .
To Kill a Dead Man is a short film made in 1994 by the trip hop group Portishead .
The Ape Man 's Brother is a 2013 novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale . This novel was originally published as an ebook by Subterranean Press.and has now been issued as a hardcover book on 31 January 2014 .
From the Clouds to the Resistance ( Italian Dalla nube alla resistenza , literally From the Cloud to the Resistance ) is a 1979 Italian drama film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean - Marie Straub .
Bolo Raam is a 2009 Bollywood film directed by Rakesh Chaturvedi , released on 31 December 2009 .
The Epic of Everest is a 1924 documentary about the Mallory and Irvine Mount Everest expedition .
Innisai Mazhai ( English : Rain of music ) is a 1992 Tamil romance film directed by Shoba Chandrasekar .
Last Clear Chance is a 1959 American short film produced and directed by Robert Carlisle .
Two Girls and a Sailor is a 1944 musical film about two singing sisters who are helped to set up a canteen to entertain soldiers by a mysterious wealthy admirer .
Gypsy Colt is a 1954 film about an eponymous horse .
Giacomo l'idealista ( also known as Giacomo the Idealist ) is a 1943 Italian drama film .
Failure of Engineer Garin ( Russian : Крах инженера Гарина , translit . Krakh inzhenera Garina ) is a 1973 Soviet television film in four parts loosely based on a novel Hyperboloid of Engineer Garin ( `` Гиперболоид инженера Гарина '' ) by Alexei Tolstoy .
I Wish I Had a Wife is a 2001 South Korean film about a lonely banker who meets a schoolteacher .
Sanikizhamai Saayangalam 5 Mani is a 2010 Tamil crime thriller Movie written and directed by Rathi Bharathi , and starring Sarath and Malaini .
Often an Orphan is a 1949 cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series .
Thanatos , Drunk ( Chinese : 醉.生夢死 ; pinyin : Zuì Shēng Mèng Sǐ ) is a 2015 Taiwanese drama film directed by Chang Tso - chi .
Federal Operator 99 or F.B.I 99 on its edited television release , is a 1945 Republic film serial .
Bulat - Batır or Bulat - batyr ( Russian : Була́т-Баты́р , Tatar : بولات باتر ) is a 1927 silent film , believed to be the first Tatar film and probably the only Tatar full - length feature silent film .
The animated television series of the same name first aired in 1984 , the same year Hallmark licensed Rainbow Brite to Mattel for a range of dolls and other merchandise .
Thief of Hearts is a 1984 film drama produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer .
Telugabbai ( English translation - Telugu boy ) is a 2013 Telugu film written and directed by OS Avinash .
Nirantharam is a 1995 Telugu Socio Political film written and directed by Rajendra Prasad , based on the 1948 Telangana Movement .
The Anderssons Hit the Road ( Swedish : Sune på bilsemester ) is a Swedish comedy , children and family film opening on 25 December 2013 .
Paiyaa ( English : Boy ) is a 2010 Indian Tamil romantic action film written and directed by N. Linguswamy .
Tapper , also known as Root Beer Tapper , is a 1983 arcade game released by Bally Midway .
Somari ( Russian : Сомари ; also known as Somari the Adventurer ) is an unlicensed port of Sega 's flagship video game Sonic the Hedgehog , produced for the Nintendo Famicom and sold primarily around Asia , Russia , and other regions where pirate Famicom cartridges were distributed , in 1994 .
72 Heroes is a 2011 Chinese historical drama film directed by Hong Kong film director Derek Chiu based on the story of the 72 Martyrs who sacrificed their lives in the Second Guangzhou Uprising .
Canción de Juventud ( Song of Youth ) is a 1962 Spanish language musical directed by Luis Lucia comedy film starring Rocío Dúrcal , also stars Helga Liné & Carlos Estrada .
Gang War ( released as All Square in the UK ) is a 1928 part - talking gangster film , best known for being the main feature attached to Steamboat Willie , the debut of Mickey Mouse in sound .
Akela the Alone is a 2014 Indian psychological horror film that includes elements of crime and murder genres .
The Berlin File ( Hangul : 베를린 ; RR : Bereullin ; lit . `` Berlin '' ) is a 2013 South Korean spy thriller written and directed by Ryoo Seung - wan .
Before Twilight ( Polish : Jeszcze nie wieczór ) is a 2008 Polish comedy film drama directed by Jacek Bławut .
The Circus Clown is a 1934 American Pre - Code comedy film about a man who wants to join the circus against the wishes of his ex - circus clown father .
Nancy Goes to Rio is a musical comedy film released by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer in 1950 .
Hosa Belaku ( Kannada : ಹೊಸ ಬೆಳಕು ) is a 1982 Kannada romantic drama film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo .
Onti Salaga ( Kannada : ಒಂಟಿ ಸಲಗ ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada film , directed by V Somashekar and produced by Halaguru Venkatesh .
Nipples & Palm Trees is a 2012 American sex comedy film directed by Dylan Reynolds , written by Matthew James , and starring James , Sadie Katz , Akihiro Kitamura , and Vanessa Rose Parker .
My Marriage is a 1936 American drama film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Frances Hyland .
Transporter 3 ( French : Le Transporteur 3 ) is a 2008 French action thriller film , and the third installment in the Transporter franchise .
The Litterbug is a 1961 animated short subject produced by Walt Disney Productions and featuring Donald Duck .
Corporal Rod Webb and his faithful dog Chinook were the major characters in a series of films made by the American studio Monogram Pictures between 1949 and 1954 .
Lucifera Demon Lover ( Italian : L'amante del demonio ) is a 1972 Italian horror movie .
History of the Eagles is a 2013 two - part authorized documentary about the career of the American rock group the Eagles , directed by Alison Ellwood and co - produced by Alex Gibney .
Novio a la vista , or Boyfriend in Sight is a 1954 Spanish comedy film directed by Luis García Berlanga .
Lovelorn Leghorn is a 1951 cartoon short starring Foghorn Leghorn , the Barnyard Dawg , and Miss Prissy .
Where Soldiers Come From is a 2011 American documentary film directed by Heather Courtney .
My Scary Girl ( Hangul : 달콤 , 살벌한 연인 ; RR : Dalkom , salbeorhan yeonin ; lit . `` Sweet , Bloodthirsty Lover '' ) is a 2006 South Korean black / romantic comedy film written and directed by Son Jae - gon .
Pixote : a Lei do Mais Fraco ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( piˈʃɔtʃi a ˈlej du ˈmajʃ ˈfɾaku ) , lit . `` Pixote ( small child ) : The Law of the Weakest '' ) is a 1980 Brazilian drama film directed by Hector Babenco .
Spencer Halpin 's Moral Kombat is a 2009 documentary film , directed by Spencer Halpin , an American independent filmmaker .
Charavalayam is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film , directed by KS Gopalakrishnan and produced by KS Gopalakrishnan .
Conquest of Cochise is a 1953 fictional and anachronistic Technicolor Western set in 1853 at the time of the Gadsen Purchase .
Pärlor åt svin ( Pearls before swine ) is a song with lyrics by Magnus Uggla , and music by Anders Henriksson , and recorded by Magnus Uggla , and released as a single in 2007 , topping the Swedish singles chart .
Diary of a Sex Addict is a 2001 video drama .
Une blonde comme ça is a 1962 French - Argentine film .
Gaai Aur Gori ( cow and girl ) is a 1973 Indian film directed by M. A. Thirumugham .
Kazablan ( Casablan or Kasablan in its first production ; Hebrew : קזבלן ) is an early Israeli Hebrew language play , staged first as a 1954 drama followed by a 1964 screen adaptation , later as a 1966 musical comedy , and still later produced as a 1974 musical comedy film .
Chicks in White Satin is a 1994 American short documentary film about the Jewish same - sex marriage of two lesbians , including interviews with the Rabbi and various family members .
Nate and Hayes , also known as Savage Islands ( UK title ) , is a 1983 swashbuckling adventure film set in the South Pacific in the late 19th century .
17th Parallel , Nights and Days ( Vietnamese : Vĩ tuyến 17 ngày và đêm ) is a 1973 Vietnamese drama film directed by Hai Ninh .
Something About Amelia is a 1984 TV movie which explores family trauma caused by incest .
Blue Rhythm is a 1931 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Columbia Pictures .
Bargon Attack is a 1992 adventure game , originally released in Spain and France .
Buzzy Boop at the Concert is a 1938 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boops young Tomboy cousin Buzzy Boop .
Kudumbasammetham is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Jayaraj , starring Madhu and Srividya in the lead roles .
Harrison Montgomery is a 2008 film directed by Daniel Dávila and starring Martin Landau , who plays the title role , a game show - obsessed recluse with magical powers and a large stash of money that Ricardo Papa , a small time drug dealer with artistic pretensions , tries to steal .
Mouna Guru ( Tamil : மௌன குரு ; English : The Silent Teacher ) is a 2011 Tamil thriller film directed by Santha Kumar and produced by M. K. Thamizharasu .
Dong Woo Animation and SBS Production produced Olympus Guardian Movie , an animated film adaptation of the series that was released on 2005 .
Wretches & Jabberers is a 2010 American documentary film directed by Gerardine Wurzburg and produced by Wurzburg and Douglas Biklen about two autistic men who travel the world helping other autistic people break out of their isolation .
Do n't Go in the House is a 1980 horror film written and directed by Joseph Ellison , and co - written by Ellen Hammill and Joe Masefield .
Lambert the Sheepish Lion is a Disney animated short film that was released in 1952 .
Target Kolkata is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Kartick Singh , produced by Shyamol Biswas and presented by SRB Films .
Gurjar Veer is a 1932 silent film by director Dhirubhai Desai .
Ungeküsst soll man nicht schlafen gehn ( You should not go to sleep unkissed ) is a 1936 Austrian comedy film .
Ragini IPS ( Kannada : ರಾಗಿಣಿ ಐ.ಪಿ.ಎಸ್ ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada action film directed by Anand P. Raju and produced by K. Manju .
Marisol rumbo a Río is a 1963 Spanish musical film .
Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye ( English : I want justice ) is an Indian Bollywood film directed by T. Rama Rao , produced by D. V. S. Raju released on 23 September 1983 .
Osmondagi bolalar ( Russian : Мальчики в небе ; Malchiki v nebe ) is a 2002 Uzbek comedy film .
Box 25 ( Spanish : Caja 25 ) is a 2015 Panamanian documentary film directed by Mercedes Arias and Delfina Vidal .
Taking Five is a 2007 film about two high school girls who kidnap a pop rock band .
Nee Tata Naa Birla ( Kannada : ನೀ ಟಾಟಾ ನಾ ಬಿರ್ಲಾ ) is a 2008 Indian Kannada comedy film directed and scripted by Nagendra Magadi .
Música , mujeres y amor ( `` Music , Women and Love '' ) is a 1952 Mexican film .
Space Station 3D ( simply known as Space Station in 2D format ) is a 2002 Canadian - American 3D short documentary film about the International Space Station written , produced , edited , and directed by Toni Myers .
The ChubbChubbs ! is a 2002 American computer - animated comedy short film by Sony Pictures Imageworks .
Modern Virgin ( Italian : Vergine moderna ) is a 1954 Italian film .
Abdullajon or Abdulladzhan , ili posvyashchaetsya Stivenu Spilbergu ( transliteration of the Russian title of the film meaning `` Abdullajon or Dedicated to Steven Spielberg '' ) is a 1991 Uzbek science fiction comedy film directed by Zulfiqor Musoqov .
Working for Peanuts is a 1953 animated short produced by Walt Disney .
Nurse 3D is a 2013 American 3D horror film directed by Doug Aarniokoski and written by David Loughery .
The Christmas Ornament is a 2013 American holiday romance television film directed by Mark Jean and starring Kellie Martin , Cameron Mathison , and Jewel Staite .
A Little South of Heaven is Australian live television play which aired in 1961 on ABC .
Paraya Dhan ( Devanagari : पराया धन ( Parāyā dhana ) ; English : Estranged Money ) is a 1971 Bollywood film directed by Rajendra Bhatia .
A Taste of Catnip is a Merrie Melodies cartoon from 1966 .
Une vieille maîtresse ( An old mistress ) is an 1851 novel by the French writer Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly .
Muqaddar Ka Sikandar ( Hindi : मुकद्दर का सिकंदर , English : Conqueror of Destiny ) is a 1978 Indian Hindi drama film .
Making Photoplays in Egypt is a 1912 American silent documentary produced by Kalem Company and distributed by General Film Company .
Ready , Set , Zoom ! is a 1955 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner ( released April 30 , 1955 ) .
Chupacabra vs. The Alamo is a 2013 made - for - TV movie about a pack of Chupacabra that use a tunnel to escape from Mexico to San Antonio , Texas .
A sequel called Genius Party Beyond was released on February 15 , 2008 , and includes most of the films which were finished but not included in the original Genius Party .
Evil Brain from Outer Space is a 1964 film edited together for American television from films # 7 , # 8 and # 9 of the Japanese short film series Super Giant filmed in 1958 .
Sahasame Jeevitham ( English : Life is an Adventure ) is a 1984 Telugu , Philosophical film produced Vimal Kumar & Vijaya Lakshmi by on Gaja Lakshmi Combines banner , directed by Bharati - Vasu .
Forgotten Pills is a 2010 American indie film written and directed by David Hefner .
Ai le zhongnian ( Chinese : 哀乐中年 ; pinyin : Aī lè zhōngnián ; literally : `` The Sorrows and Joys of Middle Age '' ) is a Chinese film released in 1949 and directed by Sang Hu ( 桑弧 ) .
War Wind is a 1996 real - time strategy game in the vein of Warcraft II :
Suppressed Duck is a 1965 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon starring Daffy Duck .
The Virginity Hit is a 2010 comedy film produced by Adam McKay and Will Ferrell , and directed by Huck Botko and Andrew Gurland .
Classified X is a 1998 French - US documentary movie written by Melvin Van Peebles , directed by Mark Daniels and narrated by Van Peebles , that details the history of black people in American cinema throughout the 20th century .
Emperor 's Holidays ( Chinese : 爸爸的假期 ) is a 2015 Chinese family film directed by Wang Yuelun .
Under the Red Sea is a 1952 American documentary film about the attempts of Austrian marine biologist Hans Hass to record the sounds of marine animals in the Red Sea .
In 2012 , Cringely released the full interview that Steve Jobs gave in 1995 for Triumph of the Nerds as the film Steve Jobs :
Beyond All Boundaries is a 2009 short film depicting the battles of World War II . The film is shown in 4-D , and includes archive footage and special effects .
Buddy 's Beer Garden is an American animated short film , released November 18 , 1933 ( though at least one source gives November 11 as the date . )
Our Story Our Voice is a 2007 independent political documentary that looks at the social tension in the world today .
Raging Sun , Raging Sky ( Spanish : Rabioso sol , rabioso cielo ) is a 2009 Mexican film made in 2008 , written and directed by Julián Hernández .
La morte risale a ieri sera is a 1970 giallo film directed by Duccio Tessari .
How Tasty Was My Little Frenchman ( Portuguese : Como Era Gostoso o Meu Francês ) is a Brazilian black comedy directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos released in 1971 .
World of Glory is a 1991 Swedish short film written and directed by Roy Andersson .
Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman ( Hindi : राजू बन गया जेन्टलमैन , English : Raju Became A Gentleman ) is a 1992 Bollywood comedy movie directed by Aziz Mirza starring Juhi Chawla , Shahrukh Khan , Nana Patekar and Amrita Singh .
Hard Luck Hero is a 2003 Japanese film written and directed by Japanese film director Sabu to showcase the Japanese boy band V6 .
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 ( also known as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Part 2 and Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 : The Buzz is Back ) is a 1986 American horror dark comedy slasher film , directed by Tobe Hooper .
The Christmas Tango is based on the novel by Yannis Xanthoulis .
Conversations with My Gardener ( French : Dialogue avec mon jardinier ) is a 2007 French film directed by Jean Becker .
The Clemenceau Affair ( Italian : Il processo Clémenceau ) is a 1917 silent Italian adventure film directed by Alfredo De Antoni .
`` The Battle at Shadow Ridge '' was directed by Michael Grossman and written by David Graziano , who creator Richard Hatem described as having the most interesting past of anyone on the Miracles production team , `` who was willing to share , anyway '' .
The Possessors ( French : Les Grandes familles ) is a 1958 French drama film directed by Denys de La Patellière , starring Jean Gabin , Pierre Brasseur , Bernard Blier , Jean Desailly , Françoise Christophe and Annie Ducaux .
Degueyo ( also known as De Guello , Deguejo and Deguello ) is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Giuseppe Vari .
Lymelife is a 2008 independent comedy - drama film written by brothers Derick Martini and Steven Martini , and directed by Derick Martini , depicting aspects of their life in 1970s Long Island from the perspective of a teenager .
Texas , Adios ( Italian : Texas , addio ) is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Ferdinando Baldi and starring Franco Nero .
Kathai Thiraikathai Vasanam Iyakkam ( English : Story , Screenplay , Dialogue , Direction ; also referred to as KTVI ) is a 2014 Tamil art film written and directed by R. Parthiepan and produced by K. Chandramohan .
13 Tzameti is a 2005 suspense thriller film written and directed by Georgian filmmaker Géla Babluani .
Her Big Chance is a dramatic monologue written by Alan Bennett in 1987 for television , as part of his Talking Heads series for the BBC .
Beware of the Car ( Russian : Береги́сь автомоби́ля , translit . Beregis Avtomobilya , US titles Uncommon Thief , or Watch out for the Automobile ) is a Soviet 1966 crime comedy - drama film directed by Eldar Ryazanov , based on a screenplay by Emil Braginsky and produced by the Mosfilm .
The Passion of the Christ ( sometimes referred to as The Passion ) is a 2004 American epic biblical drama film directed by Mel Gibson and starring Jim Caviezel as Jesus Christ .
It Follows is a 2014 American supernatural horror film written and directed by David Robert Mitchell , and starring Maika Monroe .
From Corleone to Brooklyn ( original title : Da Corleone a Brooklyn ) is an Italian crime thriller directed by Umberto Lenzi .
Natural Born Killers is a 1994 American satirical black comedy crime film directed by Oliver Stone and starring Woody Harrelson , Juliette Lewis , Robert Downey , Jr. , Tom Sizemore , and Tommy Lee Jones .
To Save Her Soul is a 1909 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Mary Pickford .
The Miracle in Valby ( Swedish : Miraklet i Valby ) is a 1989 Danish - Swedish drama film written and directed by Åke Sandgren , and starring Jakob Katz , Troels Asmussen , Lina Englund , and Amalie Ihle Alstrup ( da ) .
Sotto il segno dello scorpione ( internationally released as Under the Sign of Scorpio ) is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani .
Napoleon at Saint Helena ( German : Napoleon auf Sankt Helena ) is a 1929 German silent historical film directed by Lupu Pick and starring Werner Krauss , Hanna Ralph and Albert Bassermann .
Dance Hall Racket is a 1953 American film directed by Phil Tucker starring Lenny Bruce ( who also wrote the script ) and his wife Honey Harlow .
Peggio per me ... meglio per te ( Italian for Worse for me ... better for you ) is a 1967 Italian musicarello film directed by Bruno Corbucci .
Invisible Waves ( Thai : คำพิพากษาของมหาสมุทร ) is a 2006 crime film by Thai director Pen - Ek Ratanaruang , with screenplay by Prabda Yoon , cinematography by Christopher Doyle , and starring Tadanobu Asano -- all people that Pen - Ek had worked with on his previous film , Last Life in the Universe .
Monster Maker is 45-minute television special , adapted by Matthew Jacobs from the novel of the same name by Nicholas Fisk .
Le motorizzate ( `` The motorized women '' ) is a 1963 Italian anthology comedy film written and directed by Marino Girolami .
Hercules Against the Sons of the Sun ( Italian : Ercole contro i figli del sole , Spanish : Hércules contra los hijos del Sol , also known as Hercules Vs . the Sons of the Sun ) is a 1964 Italian - Spanish peplum film written and directed by Osvaldo Civirani .
Workingman 's Death is a 2005 Austrian - German documentary film written and directed by Michael Glawogger .
Nell'anno del Signore ( English title : The Conspirators ) is a 1969 Italian film written and directed by Luigi Magni .
Med dej i mina armar ( English : With You in My Arms ) is a 1945 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman .
French Roast is a 2008 French computer - animated short created by Fabrice O. Joubert .
Medea Miracle ( French : Médée Miracle ) is a 2007 French - Italian drama film directed by Tonino De Bernardi and starring Isabelle Huppert .
Go West , Young Man is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Mae West , Warren William , and Randolph Scott .
The Miracle of St. Anne was a short film , now lost , made by Orson Welles .
My Sex Life ... or How I Got into an Argument ( French : Comment je me suis disputé ... ( ma vie sexuelle ) ) is a 1996 French drama film directed by Arnaud Desplechin .
Cradle Will Rock is a 1999 American historical drama film written , produced and directed by Tim Robbins .
Bonnie Scotland is a 1935 American film starring Laurel and Hardy , produced by Hal Roach for Hal Roach Studios and directed by James W. Horne .
Jackie Brown is a 1997 American crime thriller film written , produced and directed by Quentin Tarantino , and his third feature film .
Crimes and Misdemeanors is a 1989 American existential comedy - drama film written , directed by and co - starring Woody Allen , alongside Martin Landau , Mia Farrow , Anjelica Huston , Jerry Orbach , Alan Alda , Sam Waterston and Joanna Gleason .
Mabel at the Wheel is a 1914 American motion picture starring Charles Chaplin and Mabel Normand , and directed by Mabel Normand and Mack Sennett .
Mince alors ! is a 2012 French comedy film , directed by Charlotte de Turckheim and starring Lola Dewaere , Victoria Abril and Catherine Hosmalin .
Les Anarchistes ( English : The Anarchists ) is a 2015 French drama film directed by Elie Wajeman and co - written with Gaëlle Macé .
Reality Horror Night is a 2009 horror comedy film created by Sean Pomper and directed by Douglas Elford Argent who wrote it with Nicholas Mark Harding .
Noi the Albino ( Icelandic : Nói albinói ( pronunciation ) ) is an Icelandic film by director Dagur Kári released in 2003 .
A Thousand Clowns is a 1965 film adaptation from a 1962 play by Herb Gardner , and directed by Fred Coe .
Gypsy Melody is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starring Lupe Velez , Alfred Rode and Jerry Verno .
Una gita scolastica ( internationally released as A School Outing ) is a 1983 Italian comedy - drama film written and directed by Pupi Avati .
Oedipus Orca is a 1977 Italian sexploitation - thriller directed by Eriprando Visconti .
Clouds of Sils Maria ( known simply as Sils Maria in some territories ) is a 2014 drama film written and directed by Olivier Assayas , and starring Juliette Binoche , Kristen Stewart , and Chloë Grace Moretz .
The Murder Trial of Doctor Jordan ( German : Mordprozeß Dr. Jordan ) is a 1949 West German crime film directed by Erich Engels and starring Rudolf Fernau , Maria Holst and Margarete Haagen .
In Prison My Whole Life is a 2007 documentary film about Mumia Abu - Jamal , directed by Marc Evans , and written by Evans and William Francome .
Immortal Love ( Japanese : 永遠の人 / Eien no hito ) is a 1961 Japanese drama film directed by Keisuke Kinoshita .
The Psychopath is a 1966 film directed by Freddie Francis and written by Robert Bloch .
Pierino contro tutti ( also known as Desirable Teacher ) is a 1981 comedy film directed by Marino Girolami .
Written by Casey Robinson , and based on the novel Saratoga Trunk by Edna Ferber , the film is about a Texas gambler and a Creole daughter of an aristocratic family who work together to seek justice from a society that has rejected them .
Klassfesten ( `` The Class Reunion '' ) is a 2002 Swedish comedy / drama film written and directed by Måns Herngren and Hannes Holm .
Who 's That Knocking at My Door , originally titled I Call First , is a 1967 drama film , written and directed by Martin Scorsese , in his feature film directorial debut .
`` Day of the Jackanapes '' was written by Al Jean and directed by Michael Marcantel and features recurring guest star Kelsey Grammer as Sideshow Bob , as well as Gary Coleman as himself .
Boogie Nights is a 1997 American drama film written , produced and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson .
Stuck in Love is a 2012 American independent romantic comedy - drama film written and directed by Josh Boone .
My Soul to Take ( originally called 25/8 ) is a 2010 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Wes Craven .
Damsels in Distress ( original title : Violet Wister 's Damsels in Distress and Whit Stillman 's Damsels in Distress ) is an American comedy film written and directed by Whit Stillman and starring Greta Gerwig , Adam Brody , and Analeigh Tipton .
The Last Circus ( Spanish : Balada Triste de Trompeta ; `` Sad Trumpet Ballad '' ) is a 2010 Spanish dark comedy drama film written and directed by Álex de la Iglesia .
Mon Oncle ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃ nɔ̃kl ) ; My Uncle ) is a 1958 comedy film by French filmmaker Jacques Tati .
O Noviço Rebelde is a 1997 Brazilian comedy film written , produced and starring by Renato Aragão .
The Star Packer is a 1934 Western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne , George `` Gabby '' Hayes , Yakima Canutt , and Verna Hillie .
The Saga of Gosta Berling ( Swedish : Gösta Berlings saga ) is a 1924 Swedish romantic drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller and released by AB Svensk Filmindustri , starring Lars Hanson , Gerda Lundequist and Greta Garbo in her native break - out role on film .
Wedding Daze ( also known as The Pleasure of Your Company and The Next Girl I See ) is a 2006 romantic comedy movie , written and directed by Michael Ian Black .
Serious as Pleasure ( French : Sérieux comme le plaisir ) is a 1975 French drama film directed by Robert Benayoun .
Law Breakers ( French : Les Assassins de l'ordre ) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Marcel Carné .
Session 9 is a 2001 American independent psychological horror film directed by Brad Anderson and written by Anderson and Stephen Gevedon .
Peppino , le modelle e chella là is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Gino Bramieri .
Forbidden Paths is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by Robert Thornby and written by Beatrice DeMille , Leighton Osmun and Eve Unsell .
Thalaivaa ( English : Leader ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by A. L. Vijay .
Blind Mountain ( Chinese : 盲山 ; pinyin : Máng shān ) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Li Yang and is Li 's first feature film since his 2003 debut Blind Shaft .
Being at Home with Claude is a 1992 Canadian drama film directed by Jean Beaudin and based on the play by René - Daniel Dubois .
Last Days in the Desert is an American drama film about the temptation of Christ , directed and written by Rodrigo García .
Presos is a 2015 Costa Rican drama film directed by Esteban Ramírez .
Benvenuti al Nord ( English : Welcome to the North ) is a 2012 Italian comedy film directed by Luca Miniero .
Krrish ( ( ˈkrɪʃ ) ) is a 2006 Indian science fiction superhero film directed , produced , and written by Rakesh Roshan , and starring Hrithik Roshan , Priyanka Chopra , Rekha and Naseeruddin Shah .
The Vesuvians ( Italian : I vesuviani ) is a 1997 Italian anthology film directed by Antonio Capuano , Pappi Corsicato , Antonietta de Lillo , Stefano Incerti and Mario Martone .
Sapore di mare 2 - Un anno dopo is a 1983 Italian teen romantic comedy film directed by Bruno Cortini .
La corsa dell'innocente ( internationally released as Flight of the Innocent ) is a 1992 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Carlei .
Summer Interlude ( Swedish : Sommarlek ) is a 1951 Swedish drama film co - written and directed by Ingmar Bergman .
The Rose of Granada ( Italian : La rosa di Granata ) is a 1916 Italian silent film directed by Emilio Ghione and starring Ida Carloni Talli , Lina Cavalieri and Diomira Jacobini .
Sunday 's Children ( Swedish : Söndagsbarn ) is a 1992 Swedish drama film directed by Daniel Bergman and written by Ingmar Bergman .
Thenali is a 2000 Indian Tamil comedy - drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar and written by Crazy Mohan .
Alambrista ! is a 1977 film directed by Robert M. Young .
Chiedimi se sono felice is a 2000 Italian comedy film directed by Aldo , Giovanni & Giacomo .
The Five - Year Engagement is a 2012 American romantic comedy - drama co - written , directed , and produced by Nicholas Stoller .
As I Open My Eyes ( French : À peine j'ouvre les yeux ) is a 2015 French - Tunisian drama film directed by Leyla Bouzid .
Eisenstein in Guanajuato is a 2015 internationally co - produced drama film written and directed by Peter Greenaway .
A Secret ( French : Un secret ) is a 2007 French film directed and written by Claude Miller .
Blame It on the Bellboy is a 1992 British - American film comedy written and directed by Mark Herman , revolving around a case of mistaken identity of three individuals with similar sounding surnames staying at the same hotel .
Al bar dello sport ( At the Bar Sport ) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Massaro .
La stella che non c'è ( English title : The Missing Star ) is an Italian 2006 drama film written and directed by Gianni Amelio .
Chasing Eagle Rock is a film directed by Erick Avari and starring Michael Welch , Erick Avari , Rafael Morais , Edgar Morais , and Robert Cicchini .
Perdita Durango , released as Dance with the Devil in the United States , is a 1997 Spanish crime - drama film directed by Álex de la Iglesia , based on Barry Gifford 's novel 59 ° and Raining :
A Crime ( French title : Un crime ) is a 2006 thriller film directed by Manuel Pradal , written by Pradal and Tonino Benacquista , and starring Emmanuelle Béart .
Edward Scissorhands is a 1990 American romantic dark fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and starring Johnny Depp .
Mon cœur t'appelle ( aka : My Heart Is Calling You or Mein Herz ruft nach dir ) is a 1934 French musical film directed by Carmine Gallone and Serge Véber , written by Ernst Marischka , produced by Arnold Pressburger .
Return of Sabata ( Italian : È tornato Sabata ... hai chiuso un'altra volta , roughly translated as Sabata is back ... to end another time ) is a 1971 Spaghetti Western film directed by Gianfranco Parolini .
The House on Garibaldi Street is a 1979 American television movie based on the non - fiction book of the same name , written by Isser Harel .
Artists and Models marked the first time Lewis worked with former Looney Tunes director Frank Tashlin , whom he admired greatly .
Secrets of Women ( Swedish : Kvinnors väntan ; also known as Waiting Women ) is a 1952 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman .
House of Pleasure for Women ( Italian : Bordella ) is a 1976 satirical comedy film written and directed by Pupi Avati and starring Gigi Proietti , Christian De Sica , Al Lettieri , Gianni Cavina and Vincent Gardenia .
My Grandfather 's People ( Turkish : Dedemin İnsanları ) is a 2011 Turkish drama film directed by Çağan Irmak .
The Black Bomber ( Serbian : Црни бомбардер , Crni Bombarder ) is a 1992 Yugoslavian drama film by Serbian director Darko Bajić .
The Baron of Arizona is a 1950 film by Samuel Fuller and starring Vincent Price .
Stories of Lost Souls is a compilation of eight cinematic stories of lonely souls in unexpected situations starring many of cinema 's biggest names including Josh Hartnett , Hugh Jackman , Keira Knightley , Cate Blanchett , James Gandolfini , Paul Bettany , Illeana Douglas and directed by eight different directors including Deborra - Lee Furness and Mark Palansky .
Tirza is a 2010 Dutch drama film directed by Rudolf van den Berg and based on the Dutch bestseller of the same name by Arnon Grunberg .
Iris and the Lieutenant ( Swedish : Iris och löjtnantshjärta ) is a 1946 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg and starring Mai Zetterling , Alf Kjellin and Åke Claesson .
Far och flyg is a 1955 Swedish film directed by Gösta Bernhard and starring Dirch Passer .
Time of the Gypsies ( Serbian : Дом за вешање , Dom za vešanje , literally `` Home for Hanging '' ) is a 1988 Yugoslav film by Yugoslav director Emir Kusturica .
Shoot on Sight is a 2007 film directed by Jag Mundhra and produced by Aron Govil .
The film , adapted by Kevin Elyot from Isherwood 's autobiography Christopher and His Kind , was produced by Mammoth Screen and directed by Geoffrey Sax .
She Creature ( originally billed as Mermaid Chronicles Part 1 : She Creature ) is a 2001 television film starring Rufus Sewell , Carla Gugino and Rya Kihlstedt and directed by Sebastian Gutierrez .
Chicken with Vinegar ( French : Poulet au vinaigre ) is a 1985 French crime film directed by Claude Chabrol .
Swinging with the Finkels is a 2011 British comedy film directed by Jonathan Newman , starring Mandy Moore , Martin Freeman and Melissa George .
The Cannibal Man ( Spanish La Semana del asesino , literally `` Week of the Killer '' ) is a 1972 horror film , directed by Eloy de la Iglesia and written by de la Iglesia and Antonio Fos .
Only a Mother ( Swedish : Bara en mor ) is a 1949 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg .
Les Rendez - vous d'Anna ( English : `` The Meetings of Anna '' ) is a 1979 French - Belgian - West German film by the Belgian film director Chantal Akerman .
The Actress is an 1953 American comedy - drama film based on Ruth Gordon 's autobiographical play Years Ago .
Las Abandonadas ( `` The Abandoned '' ) is a Mexican film of 1945 , directed by Emilio Fernández , starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz .
Smiles of a Summer Night ( Swedish : Sommarnattens leende ) is a 1955 Swedish comedy film directed by Ingmar Bergman .
The Five Obstructions is a 2003 Danish documentary film directed by Lars von Trier and Jørgen Leth .
Viva Villa ! is a 1934 American Pre - Code film starring Wallace Beery as Pancho Villa and was written by Ben Hecht , adapted from the book Viva Villa!.
Thunder Warrior ( Italian : Thunder , also known as Drug Traffikers ) is a 1983 Italian action film written and directed by Fabrizio De Angelis ( credited as Larry Ludman ) .
Arme , syndige menneske ( English : Poor , sinful man ) is a 1980 Norwegian drama film directed by Egil Kolstø , starring Svein Scharffenberg and Anne Marie Ottersen .
Ozhimuri ( Malayalam : ഒഴിമുറി , English : A Document of Separation ) is a 2012 Malayalam - language Indian film written by Jeyamohan and directed by Madhupal , starring Lal , Mallika , Asif Ali , Bhavana and Shweta Menon in lead roles .
Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch , and starring Tom Hiddleston , Tilda Swinton , Mia Wasikowska , Anton Yelchin , Jeffrey Wright , Slimane Dazi , and John Hurt .
A Real Young Girl ( French : Une vraie jeune fille ) is a 1976 French drama about a 14-year - old girl 's sexual awakening , written and directed by Catherine Breillat .
A Summer Dress ( French : Une robe d'été ) is a 1996 short film directed by François Ozon about a lagging gay relationship that is refueled in an unexpected way .
The Ice Harvest is a 2005 thriller comedy film directed by Harold Ramis and written by Richard Russo and Robert Benton , based on the novel of the same name by Scott Phillips .
Ruang Talok 69 ( Thai : เรื่องตลก 69 , English : 6ixtynin9 or A Funny Story About 6 and 9 ) , is a 1999 Thai crime film written and directed by Pen - Ek Ratanaruang .
Time Piece is a 1965 experimental short film directed , written , produced by and starring Jim Henson .
Adam & Steve is a 2005 gay romantic comedy film directed by and starring Craig Chester , who also wrote the screenplay .
So This Is College is a 1929 American comedy film directed by Sam Wood and written by Al Boasberg , Delmer Daves and Joseph Farnham .
The Golden Claw is a 1915 American dramatic film produced by Thomas H. Ince , written by C. Gardner Sullivan , and directed by Reginald Barker .
Billy 's Hollywood Screen Kiss is a 1998 American independent , gay - themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Tommy O'Haver and starring Sean P. Hayes , Brad Rowe , and Meredith Scott Lynn .
L'amore nasce a Roma ( i.e. `` Love was born in Rome '' ) is a 1958 Italian comedy film written and directed by Mario Amendola and starring Claudio Villa , Antonio Cifariello , Rossella Como and Valeria Moriconi .
Telling Lies in America is a 1997 drama film directed by Guy Ferland and written by Joe Eszterhas .
The Sons of Eilaboun ( Arabic : أبناء عيلبون ) is a 2007 documentary film by Palestinian artist and film maker Hisham Zreiq ( Zrake ) , that tells the story of the Nakba in Eilaboun and Eilabun massacre , which was committed by the Israeli army during Operation Hiram in October 1948 .
According to Guy - Manuel de Homem - Christo , Daft Punk 's Electroma had been an unplanned extension of filming videos for the Human After All album .
The script was written by Milton Subotsky , from a short story by Robert Bloch , `` The Skull of the Marquis de Sade '' .
The Dust of Time ( Greek : Η Σκόνη του Χρόνου ) is a 2008 Greek drama film written and directed by Theodoros Angelopoulos , starring Willem Dafoe , Irène Jacob , Bruno Ganz , Michel Piccoli , and Christiane Paul .
Il ratto delle sabine ( English : Romulus and the Sabines ) is an Italian adventure comedy film from 1961 , directed by Richard Pottier , written by Edoardo Anton , starring Roger Moore and Jean Marais .
Rencontre avec le dragon ( also known as `` The Red Knight '' ) is a French film directed by Hélène Angel .
Dreszcze ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈdrɛʂt͡ʂɛ ) , Shivers ) is a 1981 Polish drama film directed by Wojciech Marczewski .
Palermo Shooting is a 2008 film written and directed by German director Wim Wenders , and starring Campino , Dennis Hopper , Giovanna Mezzogiorno , Lou Reed as himself , and an uncredited Milla Jovovich , also playing herself .
L'armata Brancaleone ( known in English - speaking countries as For Love and Gold or The Incredible Army of Brancaleone ) is an Italian comedy movie released in 1966 , written by the famous duo Age & Scarpelli and directed by Mario Monicelli .
Susan 's Plan ( also released as Dying to Get Rich on video ) is a 1998 black comedy film directed by John Landis and starring Nastassja Kinski , Dan Aykroyd , Billy Zane , Rob Schneider , Lara Flynn Boyle and Michael Biehn .
Iron Earth , Copper Sky ( Turkish : Yer Demir Gök Bakır ) is a 1987 German - Turkish drama film , written , produced and directed by Zülfü Livaneli based on the novel of the same name by Yaşar Kemal , featuring Rutkay Aziz as a simple villager elevated to sainthood status while still alive .
Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her is a film written and directed by Rodrigo García starring an ensemble cast .
The Art of Negative Thinking ( Norwegian : Kunsten å tenke negativt ) is a 2006 Norwegian black comedy film directed and written by Bård Breien .
The Young Caruso is an 1951 Italian biographical film about Enrico Caruso , directed by Giacomo Gentilomo .
The Man from London ( Hungarian : A londoni férfi ) is a 2007 film by Hungarian director Béla Tarr .
Away We Go is a 2009 comedy - drama directed by Academy Award - winning director Sam Mendes and written by the husband - and - wife team of Dave Eggers and Vendela Vida .
Supercondriaque ( also known as Superchondriac ) is a 2014 French comedy film written and directed by Dany Boon .
The Canberra Royals Rugby Football Club is an Australian rugby union club , based in Canberra .
Paavo Nuotio ( 1901 - -1968 ) was a Finnish ski jumper and Nordic combined skier .
The Glasgow Rocks is a basketball team which competes in the British Basketball League ( BBL ) .
Devon van Oostrum ( born 24 January 1993 ) is a British - Dutch professional basketball player who is currently a member of Arkadikos of the Greek Basket League , on loan from Laboral Kutxa Baskonia .
Tawa AFC is an association football club in Tawa , Wellington , New Zealand .
The Tri - City Americans are a major junior ice hockey team of the Western Hockey League , based in Kennewick , Washington .
Thierry Dusautoir ( ( tjɛ.ʁi dy.so.twaʁ ) ; born 18 November 1981 ) is a French rugby union player who currently plays for France at international level and Toulouse in the French Top 14 club competition .
Stefan Hierländer ( born February 3 , 1991 in Villach , Carinthia ) is an Austrian professional association football player .
Ian Vermaak ( born 28 March 1933 ) is a former tennis player competing for South Africa .
The first game in National League history was played on April 22 , 1876 , at Philadelphia 's Jefferson Street Grounds , 25th & Jefferson , between the Philadelphia Athletics and the Boston baseball club .
Carlo Recalcati ( born September 11 , 1945 in Milan , Italy ) is an Italian professional basketball coach and a former player .
The Grand Rapids Hoops was a basketball team that played in the Continental Basketball Association , based in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
The Hamburg Crocodiles are an ice hockey team in Hamburg , Germany .
The Cyclo - cross Superprestige is a season - long cyclo - cross competition , consisting of around 8 rounds throughout the season in Belgium and the Netherlands .
The Uniroyal International Championship , named for rubber corporation Uniroyal , was a golf tournament on the European Tour .
Jan Muršak ( born January 20 , 1988 ) is a professional Slovenian ice hockey forward currently playing for CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Georgios Apostolidis ( alternate spelling : Giorgos ) ( Greek : Γιώργος Αποστολίδης ; born June 22 , 1984 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
The PDC World Darts Championship , organised by the Professional Darts Corporation ( PDC ) , is one of the two World Professional Darts Championships held annually in the sport of darts .
The Adidas Tango 12 was the official match association football of the UEFA Euro 2012 , with variants being used for the 2012 Summer Olympics .
The Old Course at St Andrews is one of the oldest golf courses in the world , a public course over common land in St Andrews , Fife , Scotland .
Courtney Sims ( born October 21 , 1983 ) is an American professional basketball player with the Busan KT Sonicboom .
Nikola Dragović ( born December 20 , 1987 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Vanoli Cremona of the Italian Serie A. He played college basketball at UCLA .
Matthew Carraro ( born 4 August 1984 in Gosford , Australia ) is a rugby union player for the Waratahs in Super Rugby .
Ryan Rau ( born July 30 , 1990 ) is an American football linebacker currently a Free Agent of the National Football League .
The 1964 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 25 schools playing in single - elimination play to determine the national champion of men 's NCAA Division I college basketball in the United States .
Nicolás Pereira ( born September 29 , 1970 in Salto , Uruguay ) is a former tennis player from Venezuela , who became International Tennis Federation Junior World Champion in 1988 after winning the French Open , Wimbledon and the US Open .
Helena Suková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦɛlɛna ˈsukovaː ) ) ( born 23 February 1965 , in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic .
Alfred Powlesland ( 7 August 1875 -- 25 February 1941 ) was an English cricket player .
Rokometni Klub Celje ( English : Celje Handball Club ) , currently named Celje Pivovarna Laško due to sponsorship reasons , and commonly referred to as RK Celje or simply Celje , is a handball club from Celje , Slovenia .
Carmine Nigro ( /ˈnaɪɡroʊ/ NY - groh ; January 2 , 1910 -- August 16 , 2001 ) was former World Champion Bobby Fischer 's first chess teacher , from 1951 - 1956 .
Rabah Soudani ( born 8 April 1985 ) is an Algerian handball player currently playing for Cherbourg and the Algerian National Team .
The Auckland Lions were a rugby league club that had teams in both the New Zealand Bartercard Cup and the NSWRL Premier League .
Jiří Dudáček ( born April 4 , 1962 ) is a former professional ice hockey right wing .
Milena Bajić ( Serbian : Милена Бајић ; born November 13 , 1996 ) is Montenegrin basketball player .
Goiás Esporte Clube , also known as Goiás , is a Brazilian sports club , best known for its association football team , located in Goiânia , Goiás state .
Nguyễn Thị Thanh An ( born June 17 , 1976 ) is a Vietnamese chess player , and a woman grandmaster .
Neil Fingleton ( born 18 December 1980 ) is an English actor and former basketball player .
Nell Fortner ( born March 3 , 1959 ) is the former women 's college basketball coach at Auburn .
Mactabene Amachree ( born 30 January 1978 in Port Harcourt ) is a former Nigerian professional basketball player .
Woodville - West Torrens Football Club is an Australian rules football club playing in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
The 2009 French Figure Skating Championships were the French Figure Skating Championships of the 2008 - 2009 figure skating season .
The Toledo Blue Stockings formed as a minor league baseball team in Toledo , Ohio in 1883 .
Andreas Glyniadakis ( alternate spelling : Gliniadakis ) ( Greek : Ανδρέας Γλυνιαδάκης ; born August 26 , 1981 ) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for Nea Kifissia of the Greek Basket League .
The Tasman Rugby Union is the governing body for rugby union at the top of the South Island in New Zealand .
The 2005 Africa Cup ( Official name `` Top 9 '' ) was the 6th edition of the continental rugby union tournament arranged by Confederation of African Rugby ( CAR ) .
MBK Ružomberok is a women 's basketball club in Ružomberok .
De Wet Barry ( born 24 June 1978 in Ceres , Western Cape ) is a former South African rugby union footballer who played 38 test matches for the South African national rugby union team the Springboks .
The Colac Imperials Football Netball Club are an Australian rules football club which compete in the Colac DFL since its founding in 1937 .
FK Dukla Prague ( Czech : FK Dukla Praha ) is a Czech association football club located in the Dejvice area of Prague .
Cornelia Nycke Groot ( born 4 May 1988 ) is a Dutch handball player , who performs under the name Nycke Groot .
Chris Maragos ( born January 6 , 1987 ) is an American football special teamer for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Mario Ghella ( born 23 June 1929 ) is a former Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling .
ŽŠD Celje , also known as ŽNK Celje or NK Železničar Celje , was an association football club based in the city of Celje , Slovenia .
The 2015 ITF Men 's Circuit is the 2015 edition of the entry level tour for men 's professional tennis , and is the third tier tennis tour below the Association of Tennis Professionals , World Tour and Challenger Tour .
The 1998 FIFA World Cup was the 16th FIFA World Cup , the world championship for men 's national association football teams .
Aaron Lewicki ( born July 30 , 1987 ) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently a Free Agent .
FC Kempten is German association football club based in Kempten , Bavaria .
Stu Wilson ( born 22 July 1954 , in Gore ) is a former New Zealand rugby union player .
The Delhi Open ( formerly known as ONGC -- GAIL Delhi Open ) is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Eoin Reddan ( born Limerick , Ireland , 20 November 1980 ) is an Irish rugby union player who plays at scrum half .
Philippe Chatrier ( French pronunciation : ​(filip ʃatʁije ) ; 2 February 1926 -- 22 June 2000 ) was a French tennis player .
Kevin Swiryn ( born December 16 , 1984 in San Jose , California ) is an American rugby union player , who played for Agen in the French Top 14 .
Antonis Fotsis ( alternate spelling : Antonios , Greek : Αντώνης Φώτσης ; born April 2 , 1981 ) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for Panathinaikos of the Greek League .
The 2011 ATP World Tour Finals ( also known as the 2011 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament that was played at the O2 Arena in London , United Kingdom between 20 and 27 November 2011 .
Morné Morkel ( born 6 October 1984 ) is a cricketer who plays Test and limited overs cricket for South Africa and represents Kolkata Knight Riders in the Indian Premier League .
Ivonne Teichmann ( born 11 April 1977 in Zeulenroda ) is a retired German athlete who specialised in the 800 metres .
Laurie Daley AM ( born 20 October 1969 in Junee , New South Wales ) is a professional Australian rugby league football coach currently in charge of the New South Wales State of Origin team .
The 2008 BWF Super Series Masters Finals is the season ending tournament for 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton .
Sajjan Singh Cheema is a former basketball player from India .
Karl Humenberger ( 25 October 1906 -- 28 December 1989 ) was an Austrian association football player and manager , the brother of fellow player Ferdinand Humenberger .
The Dow Jones Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played for one year at the Upper Montclair Country Club in Clifton , New Jersey , an 18-hole , par-72 championship course .
Beverly Baker Fleitz ( March 13 , 1930 -- April 29 , 2014 ) , was a women 's tennis player from the United States who was active in the late 1940s and during the 1950s .
The HSBC Women 's World Match Play Championship was an LPGA Tour golf tournament that was played from 2005 through 2007 .
Loïc Akono ( born January 6 , 1987 ) is a Congolese professional basketball player who currently plays for SOM Boulonnais of the LNB Pro B. Akono has been a member of the Congo national basketball team .
Queensland Premier Rugby is a club rugby union competition in Queensland , Australia .
Garfield Smith ( born November 18 , 1945 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA and ABA .
The Internationaler Fernschachbund ( IFSB ) was an international correspondence chess organisation , founded in 1928 .
Adel Gholami ( Persian : عادل غلامی‎‎ , born 9 February 1986 in Amol ) is a volleyball player from Iran , who plays as a Middle Blocker for the Men 's National Team .
The WWA Middleweight Championship ( Campeonato de peso Medio WWA in Spanish ) is a secondary professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican Lucha Libre wrestling - based promotion World Wrestling Association ( WWA ) since 1987 .
Aidyn Guseinov ( Azerbaijani : Aydın Hüseynov ) , ( 30 November 1955 or 31 August 1957 -- 30 October 2003 ) was a chess player from Azerbaijan .
The IPWA Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team championship in the Independent Professional Wrestling Alliance ( IPWA ) .
Michelle van der Pols ( born 6 January 1989 ) is a Dutch field hockey player , who plays as a midfielder for Dutch club SV Kampong .
The Badminton Pan Am ( BPA ) organisation is the governing body for the sport of badminton in the Americas and is recognized as such by the Badminton World Federation .
Eliza McCartney ( born 11 December 1996 ) is a New Zealand track and field athlete who competes in the pole vault .
CS Meaux is a French association football ( soccer ) club , based in the town of Meaux .
Joseph Emelien Patrick Poulin ( born April 23 , 1973 in Vanier , Quebec ) is a retired former professional ice hockey player who played 634 games in the National Hockey League between 1991 and 2002 .
Julius Mendheim ( ca . 1788 -- 25 August 1836 ) was a German chess master and problemist .
Scott Fenton ( 5 November 1964 -- 21 August 1989 ) was an Australian professional basketball player who played 140 games in the National Basketball League of Australia from 1982 until his death in 1989 .
The 1997 Women 's Home Nations Championship was the second women 's rugby union Home Championship .
The 2014 Davis Cup ( also known as the 2014 Davis Cup by BNP Paribas for sponsorship purposes ) is the 103rd edition of the tournament between national teams in men 's tennis .
Russian Tennis Federation ( Russian : Федерация тенниса России ) is a national governing body of tennis in Russia .
Alesiya Charnyovskaya ( born January 23 , 1978 ) is a Belarusian taekwondo practitioner .
Gianni Clerici ( born July 24 , 1930 in Como ) is an Italian tennis commentator and journalist , and a former tennis player .
Wiel Coerver ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋil ˈkur.vər ) ; 3 December 1924 -- 22 April 2011 ) was an association football manager from the Netherlands and the developer of the Coerver Method , a football coaching technique .
Ladislav Prokeš ( 7 June 1884 -- 9 January 1966 ) was one of the most prolific composers of endgame studies in chess .
Zamal Nixon ( born January 7 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Lavrio of the Greek Basketball League . After a successful four years at Houston College , Nixon entered the 2011 NBA draft but was not selected in the draft 's two rounds .
Halkbank Ankara is a professional men 's volleyball team based in Ankara , Turkey and sponsored by the state - owned Halkbank .
The 2013 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell ( also known as the Torneo Godó ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts .
Asia League Ice Hockey ( ALIH ) is an association which operates a professional ice hockey league based in East Asia , with nine teams from Japan , China , South Korea and Russia .
Vitalis Chikoko ( born February 11 , 1991 ) is a Zimbabwean professional basketball player who currently plays for Scaligera Basket Verona of the Serie A2 Basket in Italy .
Calvin Prasad ( born March 11 , 1980 ) is an Indo - Fijian chess player .
The 2007 Grand Prix Hassan II was a tennis event on the 2007 ATP Tour played in Casablanca , Morocco on clay sourts .
Toni Dahlman ( born September 3 , 1979 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently playing for Ciarko PBS Bank STS Sanok in the Polska Hokej Liga , the top - tier level in Poland .
The Midea China Classic is a professional golf tournament held in China .
Marcus Lee ( born September 14 , 1994 ) is an American college basketball player who plays at the University of Kentucky .
Ostap Steckiw ( Ukrainian : Остап Стецьків ) ( born in Lviv , Poland in 1924 ; died in Toronto , Canada in August 2003 ) was a Canadian association football player who earned 1 cap for the Canadian national side against the USA in 1957 , scoring one goal .
Anders Hedberg ( born 25 February 1951 ) is a retired former professional ice hockey player who was one of the first European - born players to make an impact in North America .
The 2014 ATP World Tour Finals ( also known as the 2014 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons ) was a men 's tennis tournament played at the O2 Arena in London , United Kingdom , between 9 and 16 November 2014 .
Warstones Wanderers F.C. are an association football club based in Wolverhampton .
Blake Kessel ( born April 13 , 1989 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for the Tampereen Ilves in Finland .
The Tunisian Basketball Cup is an annual professional men 's basketball cup competition that takes place between clubs from Tunisia .
Frederick Commodore ( born 17 August 1975 ) is a former Ghanaian association football defender who played professionally in the USL A - League and the German 2 .
Summerfield Johnston , Jr. ( born August 28 , 1932 ) , aka Skey Johnston , is an American businessman and polo player .
Vladimir Afromeev is a businessman and chess player who was born in 1954 in the city of Tula , a city located about 120 km from Moscow .
The 2012 ATP World Tour Finals ( also known as the 2012 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament that was played at the O2 Arena in London , United Kingdom between 5 and 12 November 2012 .
The 2007 European Junior Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held at Sportpark De Groote Wielen in Rosmalen , The Netherlands from July 30 to August 5 , 2007 .
The Lucha Underground Trios Championship is a professional wrestling championship promoted by Lucha Underground and is exclusively for six - man tag teams , also known as Trios in Lucha libre .
Brian Dabul ( born 24 February 1984 ) is an Argentinian retired tennis player .
Roberto Bergersen ( born January 6 , 1976 ) is an American former professional basketball player who played the majority of his career for the Idaho Stampede in the Continental Basketball Association and the NBA Development League .
Mohamed Mokrani ( born 31 January 1981 ) is an Algerian handball player for Dunkerque .
Guy Laporte ( born Beaufort , 15 December 1952 ) is a former French rugby union player and a sports executive .
Miyuki Akiyama ( 秋山美幸 Akiyama Miyuki , born August 27 , 1984 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for NEC Red Rockets .
A One Day International ( ODI ) is a form of limited overs cricket , played between two teams with international status , in which each team faces a fixed number of overs , usually 50 .
Anders Myrvold ( born 12 August 1975 ) is a Norwegian former professional ice hockey player , who last played for Norwegian GET - ligaen club Frisk Tigers .
Simone Fontecchio ( born December 9 , 1995 ) is an Italian professional basketball player for Virtus Bologna of the Serie A , playing as a Small forward .
The Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association ( ECAHA ) was a men 's amateur -- later professional -- ice hockey league in Canada that played four seasons .
Artis Ābols ( born January 3 , 1973 ) is a retired Latvian ice hockey forward who is currently the head coach of Lada Togliatti in the Kontinental Hockey League .
The 1994 ATP Tour World Championships ( also known for the singles event as the IBM - ATP Tour World Championship for sponsorship reasons ) were tennis tournaments played on indoor carpet courts .
The 2006 UEFA Champions League Final was an association football match between Barcelona of Spain and Arsenal of England at the Stade de France in Saint - Denis , Paris , France , on Wednesday , 17 May 2006 .
Pietro Travagli ( born 28 April 1981 ) is an Italian rugby union player .
Petrarca Rugby is a rugby union club from Padua , Italy , currently competing in the top tier of the Italian rugby union , the National Championship of Excellence .
The Ukrainian Open is a senior international figure skating competition .
Gerónimo Peña Martínez ( born March 29 , 1967 in Distrito Nacional , Dominican Republic ) , is a retired professional baseball player who played second base in the major leagues from 1990 - 1996 .
Natasha Watley ( born November 27 , 1981 ) is an African - American , former collegiate 4-time First Team All - American , left - handed hitting softball player for the UCLA Bruins , USA Softball Women 's National Team and USSSA Pride , originally from Irvine , California .
The Immortal Draw was a chess game played in 1872 in Vienna by Carl Hamppe and Philipp Meitner .
The Coral Springs Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played at the Coral Springs Country Club ( now formally known as the Country Club of Coral Springs ) in Coral Springs , Florida .
SKA - Neftyanik ( Russian : СКА-Нефтяник ) is a professional bandy club from Khabarovsk , Russia , established in 1947 .
The Québec Carnavals were a minor league baseball team in the Eastern League .
The Chicago Sky is a professional basketball team based in Rosemont , Illinois , playing in the Eastern Conference in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) .
The Russian Basketball Cup is the primary professional national domestic basketball cup competition of Russia .
Gérard Cholley ( born June 6 , 1945 in Fontaine - les - Luxeuil , France ) is a retired French international rugby union player .
Mohammad Hassanzadeh Saberi Akhlaghi ( Persian : محمد حسن‌زاده صابری اخلاقی‎‎ , born October 6 , 1990 in Shiraz ) is an Iranian professional basketball player .
Fatih Keleş began boxing with ten years of age .
Wiggle High5 Pro Cycling ( UCI team code : WHT ) is a British professional cycling team based in Belgium , which competes in elite road bicycle racing and track cycling events , such as the UCI Women 's Road World Cup .
Skutskärs IF is a bandy club in Skutskär , Sweden .
The 2007 Spanish Figure Skating Championships ( Spanish : Campeonato De España De Patinaje Sobre Hielo 2006 - 07 ) were the Spanish Figure Skating Championships of the 2006 - 2007 figure skating season .
Ibrahim Amin is a retired squash player from Egypt .
Alex Henery ( born August 17 , 1987 ) is an American football kicker who is currently a free agent .
Dillianne van den Boogaard ( born August 9 , 1974 in Veghel ) is a former Dutch field hockey defender , who played 174 international matches for the Netherlands , in which she scored 68 goals .
The 2012 Girls ' Youth South American Volleyball Championship was the 18th edition of the South American Volleyball Championship , organised by South America 's governing volleyball body , the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol ( CSV ) .
The Birmingham Bullets were a basketball team from Birmingham , who competed in the British Basketball League ( BBL ) .
Andrea Marcato ( born 17 April 1983 in Padua , Italy ) is an Italian international rugby union player who is a utility back for Calvisano .
The Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica San Gregorio Catania Rugby , also known as San Gregorio Catania , is an ex Italian professional rugby union team disbanded in 2012 for economic difficulties .
Da'Love Woods ( born September 7 , 1982 ) is an American professional basketball player , in Europe .
Sinop Futebol Clube is a Brazilian association football club based in the city of Sinop in the state of Mato Grosso .
The IBU Cup in biathlon has been held since the winter seasons of 1982/83 and 1988/89 , for women and men , respectively .
Petar Vorkapić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Воркапић , born 15 March 1995 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for FMP .
Mehmet Azmi Turgut ( born February 25 , 1988 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player , who plays for Olin Edirne .
Duncan Hodge ( born 18 August 1974 ) is a Scottish former internationalist rugby union player .
Mark Gerrard ( born 4 September 1982 ) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer .
The Ronchetti Cup ( called till 1996 European Cup Liliana Ronchetti ) was an annual women 's basketball European club competition held by FIBA between the years 1972 and 2002 .
Daniel Catenacci ( born March 9 , 1993 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre , currently with the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Luca Ansoldi ( born January 5 , 1982 in Merano , Italy ) is an Italian professional ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Italian National men 's ice hockey team .
The Modern Defense ( also known as the Robatsch Defence after Karl Robatsch ) is a hypermodern chess opening in which Black allows White to occupy the center with pawns on d4 and e4 , then proceeds to attack and undermine this `` ideal '' center without attempting to occupy it themselves .
The Boleyn Ground , often referred to as Upton Park , is an association football stadium located in Upton Park , east London .
The 2007 UCI Track Cycling World Championships is the World Championship for track cycling .
The IHF Women 's Youth World Championship is the official competition for women 's national handball teams under-18 , has been organized by the International Handball Federation since 2006 .
The 1988 PBA Reinforced Conference Finals was the best - of-7 series basketball championship of the 1988 PBA Reinforced Conference , and the conclusion of the conference 's playoffs .
Noëlle van Lottum ( born 12 July 1972 , Hoogland ) is a Dutch former professional tennis player who in the 1990s played for France .
The Rio Grande Valley Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that played in the Rio Grande Valley of south Texas in 1949 and 1950 .
Lea Pericoli ( born 22 March 1935 ) is an Italian former tennis player and later television presenter and journalist from Milan .
The 2014 FFA Cup preliminary rounds were a series of state - based knockout competitions , providing a qualification pathway for the 2014 FFA Cup , the Australian association football knockout cup competition .
The 2010 Women 's Baseball World Cup was an international baseball competition that was held in Venezuela from August 12 to August 22 , 2010 .
Ronald McKinnon ( born September 20 , 1973 ) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League .
Alliance Sportive de Casablanca or Rabita de Casablanca ( Arabic : الرابطة الرياضية البيضاوية ) , is a Moroccan handball team based in Casablanca , that plays in Moroccan Handball League .
Jarle Pedersen ( born 15 June 1955 ) is a retired Norwegian speed skater and the current coach of the Norwegian speed skating team .
Bellyboarding is the oldest form of surfing from ancient Hawaii & the Polynesian islands .
The NWA United National Heavyweight Championship ( often shortened to UN Championship ) is a professional wrestling title in the Japanese promotion Pro Wrestling Zero1 .
The 2010 Friends Provident t20 tournament was the inaugural Friends Provident t20 Twenty20 cricket competition for the England and Wales first - class counties .
The 2013 Scottish Challenge Cup Final , also known as the Ramsdens Cup Final for sponsorship reasons , was an association football match between Queen of the South and Partick Thistle on 7 April 2013 at Almondvale Stadium in Livingston .
The 2006 Merano Cup was the Merano Cup competition for the 2006 - -07 figure skating season .
Fribourg Olympic is a Swiss professional basketball club based in Fribourg , and a 14-time Swiss champion ( 1966 , 1971 , 1973 , 1974 , 1978 , 1979 , 1981 , 1982 , 1985 , 1992 , 1997 , 1998 , 1999 , 2007 ) .
Albert Teruel ( born 3 April , 1987 ) is a Spanish professional basketball player , who plays in CB Girona .
The Nelson Mandela Championship was a golf tournament , played for the first time in December 2012 .
The Kuwait national under-17 football team is the youth association football team representing Kuwait in youth competitions and it is controlled by Kuwait Football Association .
Gediminas Budnikas ( February 11 , 1944 in Paąžuoliai ) is a retired Lithuanian basketball player , most notable for his career in Žalgiris from 1964 to 1973 .
The Rockford Peaches were a women 's professional baseball team who played from 1943 through 1954 in the All - American Girls Professional Baseball League .
Joe Don Duncan ( born September 17 , 1990 ) is an American football tight end and fullback for the Brooklyn Bolts of the Fall Experimental Football League ( FXFL ) He played college football at Dixie State University .
Neil Harlock ( born 29 May 1975 ) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
The 1988 Eckerd Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Tampa , Florida in the United States and was part of Tier IV of the 1988 WTA Tour .
The Nova Scotia Open was a golf tournament on the Web.com Tour .
Philippe Washer ( French pronunciation : ​(filip waʃe ) ; 6 August 1924 -- 27 November 2015 ) was a Belgian tennis player .
Luke Sellars ( born May 21 , 1981 ) is a professional ice hockey player who plays for the Jokipojat of the Mestis in Finland .
Joy Fahrenkrog ( born November 6 , 1979 ) is best known for her archery .
The Lausanne Football and Cricket Club was a Swiss association football and cricket club .
The 2014 FINA Women 's Water Polo World League is played between November 2013 and June 2014 and open to all women 's water polo national teams .
The BCCI Corporate Trophy is an Indian cricket competition .
Raimo Pajusalu ( born 1 February 1981 in Pärnu ) is a retired Estonian volleyball player .
The 1983 Bridgestone Doubles Championships was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Tokyo in Japan that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
Roger Grimau Gragera ( born July 14 , 1978 ) is a Spanish retired professional basketball player who last played for La Bruixa d'Or Manresa .
Alianza Universidad is a Peruvian association football club , playing in the city of Huánuco .
Duško Čelica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душко Челица , born 18 August 1986 ) is a Bosnian handball player .
Martin Ručinský ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmarcɪn ˈrutʃiːnskiː ) ; born March 11 , 1971 ) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player who played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Yugoslav Handball Championship was the highest level competition in men 's team handball in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , played regularly for almost four decades between 1953 and 1991 , before being abandoned due to the breakup of Yugoslavia .
The IWRG Intercontinental Super Welterweight Championship ( Campeonato Intercontinental de Peso Super Welter IWRG in Spanish ) is an inactive professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group ( IWRG ) .
The WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship and the top title contested for in the Puerto Rican professional wrestling promotion , the World Wrestling Council .
Yuniesky Quezada Pérez ( Villa Clara Province , July 31 1984 ) is a Cuban chess grandmaster .
Jodie Bowering ( born July 1982 in Queensland ) is an Australian softball player .
Odell Hodge ( born March 26 , 1973 ) is an American former basketball player for Old Dominion University and , later , professional teams in Belgium .
The 2008 Canada Masters ( also known as the 2008 Rogers Masters and 2008 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
The 1949 Claxton Shield ( at the time known as the 1949 Australian Championship Series ) was the tenth annual Claxton Shield , an Australian national baseball tournament .
Felicity Willis ( born October 31 , 1978 ) is a Puerto Rican women 's basketball player .
Jonathan Peter Wilkinson , CBE ( born 25 May 1979 ) , known as Jonny Wilkinson , is a former rugby union player who represented England and the British and Irish Lions .
The Mendoza Line is an expression in baseball in the United States , deriving from the name of shortstop Mario Mendoza , whose mediocre batting average is taken to define the threshold of incompetent hitting .
The Pakistan Hockey Federation ( PHF ) is the national governing body for field hockey in Pakistan .
Okan Çevik ( born 8 June 1966 in Edirne , Turkey ) is a Turkish professional basketball coach , who is now coaching Denizli Basket .
Junior Poluleuligaga ( born 5 February 1981 ) is a Samoan rugby union international player .
Tomasz Rosiński ( born February 24 , 1984 in Ostrów Wielkopolski ) is a Polish handball player ( playmaker ) and a member of the Poland national handball team .
The Melbourne Stars is an Australian Twenty20 cricket team based in Melbourne , Victoria that competes in Australia 's Twenty20 competition , the Big Bash League .
Christophe Juillet ( born Villeneuve - sur - Lot , France , 20 March 1969 ) is a French former international rugby union footballer who also played for France national team .
Mantas Kalnietis ( born 6 September 1986 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for EA7 Emporio Armani Milano of the Italian Serie A. He is also a member of the Lithuanian national basketball team .
The Mashonaland Eagles is one of five cricket Zimbabwean cricket franchises .
Fabrice Metz ( born 23 January 1991 in Strasbourg , France ) is a French professional rugby union player .
Lauri Asikainen ( born 28 May 1989 in Savonlinna ) is a Finnish Nordic combined athlete .
The Australian Rugby Football League , more commonly known as the Australian Rugby League ( ARL ) , was the governing body for the sport of rugby league football in Australia .
Mandiaye Ndiaye ( born 12 November 1952 ) is a former Senegalese basketball player with AS Forces Armées .
The North Fremantle Football Club was an Australian rules football club which competed in the West Australian Football League from 1901 to 1915 .
Robert Walter Johnson ( April 16 , 1899 -- June 28 , 1971 ) was an American physician and founder of the American Tennis Association Junior Development Program for African - American youths , where he coached and fostered the careers of tennis greats , Arthur Ashe and Althea Gibson .
The 1988 Southern Cross Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Adelaide in Australia and was part of Tier V of the 1989 WTA Tour .
Swedish Masters International Badminton Championships or Swedish International Stockholm is an annual badminton tournament held in Sweden and hosted by Svenska Badmintonförbundet .
Seppi Hurschler ( born June 23 , 1983 in Stans ) is a Swiss Nordic combined skier who has competed since 2001 .
The 1973 Virginia Slims Championships were the second season - ending WTA Tour Championships , the annual tennis tournament for the best female tennis players in singles on the 1973 Virginia Slims circuit .
The Modbury Football Club ( nicknamed The Hawks ) is an Australian rules football club based in Modbury , a suburb of Adelaide in South Australia .
Donnybrook Stadium is a rugby union stadium in Donnybrook , Dublin 4 , Ireland .
Charles Davis Tull ( born November 12 , 1991 ) is an American football player for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League .
The 2011 NZIHL season was the seventh season of the New Zealand Ice Hockey League , the top level of ice hockey in New Zealand .
Veronika Schneider ( born July 17 , 1987 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian chess woman grandmaster .
The 2012 FIBA 3x3 World Championships , hosted by Greece , was the first edition of the FIBA 3x3 World Championships , an international 3x3 basketball event that featured separate competitions for men 's , women 's and mixed national teams .
Maccabi Bnot Ashdod ( Hebrew : מכבי בנות אשדוד‎ ) is a professional Women 's basketball team based in Ashdod , playing in the Ligat Ha'al in Israel since 2003 .
Igor Gongalsky ( born November 5 , 1986 ) is a Ukrainian former professional ice hockey player who last played with the Dundee Stars of the Elite Ice Hockey League ( EIHL ) .
The 2014 Tour de Langkawi was the 19th edition of an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Malaysia since 1996 .
Exeter Chiefs ( officially Exeter Rugby Club ) are an English rugby union club based in Exeter , Devon that currently play in the Aviva Premiership , the top level of domestic rugby union in England .
Daryl Millard ( born 20 February 1985 ) is an Australian rugby league player of Fijian descent who currently plays for the South Sydney Rabbitohs of the National Rugby League .
The NHL Winter Classic is an annual event held by the National Hockey League ( NHL ) on or around New Year 's Day in which a regular - season ice hockey game is played outdoors , generally in a football or baseball stadium , in an area with a resident NHL team .
Tyler Gron ( born September 7 , 1989 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player .
Andreas Hartmann ( born January 29 , 1980 ) was a Swiss Nordic combined skier who competed from 1997 to 2006 .
The European Cyclo - cross Championships are the European championships in cyclo - cross .
The Scotties Tournament of Hearts ( French : Le Tournoi des Cœurs Scotties ) is an annual Canadian women 's curling championship , sanctioned by the Canadian Curling Association .
Gruppo Sportivo Vigili del Fuoco Otello Ruini known simply as Ruini Firenze is a sports club founded by the body of the Fire Department of Florence , practicing disciplines such as rowing , wrestling , skiing , kick boxing and more importantly , volleyball , sports in which excelled nationally during the sixties and seventies .
Ricky Hatton vs. Kostya Tszyu was a boxing Light Welterweight fight on June 4 , 2005 between Ricky Hatton and Kostya Tszyu at the Manchester Evening News Arena in Manchester , England .
Marzio Innocenti ( born 4 September 1958 in Livorno ) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current coach .
Boban Stajić ( born October 6 , 1993 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball player plays played for Feni Industries .
Corina Morariu ( born January 26 , 1978 ) is a retired Romanian American professional tennis player .
Marvin McNutt , Jr. ( born July 4 , 1989 ) is a former American football wide receiver .
The Ottawa Nationals was a professional men 's ice hockey team based out of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada that played in the World Hockey Association ( WHA ) during the 1972 - -73 WHA season .
Ian Hanavan ( born August 15 , 1980 ) is an American - Belgian basketball player for Okapi Aalstar in the Belgian League .
Karl Håkan Södergren ( born June 14 , 1959 in Rosersberg , Sweden ) is a retired professional ice hockey player , often a recurring color commentator in Viasat 's ice hockey broadcast productions .
Ricky Hatton vs. Juan Lazcano was a boxing Light Welterweight fight between Ricky `` Hitman '' Hatton and challenger Juan Lazcano .
Lorenzo Romar ( born November 13 , 1958 ) is the current head men 's basketball coach at the University of Washington .
Bjørg Andersen ( born 15 June 1942 ) is a Norwegian handball player , who played for the clubs Skjeberg IF , Østsiden IL and Lisleby FK .
Associação de Basquete Cearense or simply Basquete Cearense is a Brazilian basketball team from Fortaleza , Ceará , Brazil .
The 2011 Big South Conference Baseball Tournament was the postseason baseball tournament for the Big South Conference , held from May 24 - -28 , 2011 , at Gray--
Peter Heine Nielsen ( born May 24 , 1973 ) is a Danish chess player and coach .
Winfried Wiencek ( born January 2 , 1949 in Sengwarden ) is a deaf sports official and former German deaf table tennis player .
The Bulgaria national korfball team is managed by the Bulgarian Federation Korfball and Intercrosse , representing Bulgaria in korfball international competitions .
Jean - Marc Gaulin ( born March 3 , 1962 in Balve , West Germany and raised in Trois - Rivières , Quebec ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 26 games in the National Hockey League .
Arturo Guerrero ( born 30 August 1948 ) is a Mexican former basketball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympic games and in the 1976 Summer Olympic Games .
Finnairin Palloilijat , or FinnPa as the club is more commonly known as , was a Finnish association football club established in 1965 .
Eleanor Goss ( November 18 , 1895 -- November 1982 ) was an American tennis player of the inter - war period .
The 2008 Vintage Yachting Games was the first post - Olympic multi - class sailing event for discontinued Olympic classes .
Hammarby IF Ishockeyförening ( or Hammarby Hockey ) was a Stockholm - based professional ice hockey team that for most of its history played in Hovet .
The GP Mario De Clercq is a cyclo - cross race held since 2000 in Ronse , Belgium with a break between 2004 and 2010 .
Club Pueyrredón , also nicknamed Puey , is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club from the Boulogne Sur Mer area of San Isidro Partido , Greater Buenos Aires .
The AfroBasket ( alternatively known as the FIBA Africa Championship , FIBA African Championship , or FIBA AfroBasket ) is the men 's basketball continental championship of Africa , played biennially under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball , the basketball sport governing body , and the FIBA African zone thereof .
The 2001 Franklin Templeton Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale , Arizona in the United States that was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour .
Ignacio Mieres ( born April 6 , 1987 , in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine rugby union player .
The 1989 Dow Classic was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in England that was part of Tier V of the 1989 WTA Tour .
ROC La Voulte - Valence ( French : Rhône ovalie club La Voulte - Valence ) is a French rugby union club based in Valence , Drôme and playing home matches in Valence and La Voulte - sur - Rhône in the adjacent department of Ardèche .
In 1974 , Byron Nelson received the Bob Jones Award , the highest honor given by the United States Golf Association in recognition of distinguished sportsmanship in golf .
Nicola Mazzucato ( born 27 October 1975 in Padua ) is a former Italian rugby union footballer and the current coach of the SMRUFC .
Maxim Orlov ( born January 31 , March 31 or April 15 , 1981 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward .
The FIBA EuroCup Challenge was the 4th tier level transnational professional club basketball competition in Europe .
Scott Lipsky ( born August 14 , 1981 , in Merrick , New York ) is a professional tennis player from the United States .
Redcar Rugby Union Football Club known as Redcar Rugby Club or RRUFC is an English rugby union club for the local town of Redcar , Teesside , who their play rugby in Durham / Northumberland 2 .
Brett Martin ( born 23 January 1963 ) is a former professional squash player who was among the game 's leading players in the late-1980s and early-1990s .
Cambridge Town Club ( CTC ) was a first - class cricket club established in Cambridge before 1819 .
Toshiba Brave Lupus ( Lupus is wolf in Latin ) is a Japanese rugby union team in the Top League .
Swiss Tennis is the governing body of tennis in Switzerland .
Richard Dennis Ralston ( born July 27 , 1942 , in Bakersfield , California ) is an American former professional tennis player whose active career spanned the 1960s and 1970s ..
Kolding IF is a Danish association football club based in Kolding , which plays in the Danish 2nd Division West .
Joel Peralta Gutiérrez ( /dʒoʊˈɛl pəˈrɑːltə/ ; Spanish pronunciation : ( xoˈel peˈɾalta ) ; born March 23 , 1976 ) is a Dominican professional baseball relief pitcher who is with the Seattle Mariners organization .
Queen 's University Cricket Club is a cricket club in Belfast , Northern Ireland , affiliated to Queen 's University Belfast .
The Waterloo Black Hawks are a Tier 1 junior ice hockey team playing in the Western Division of the United States Hockey League ( USHL ) .
Shannon Hope ( born November 25 , 1962 in Peterborough , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defender who played for the Peterborough Pirates and the Cardiff Devils as well as for the Great Britain national team , for whom he was the captain between 1995 and 1997 .
Lisa McShea ( born 29 October 1974 ) is an Australian tennis player .
The IWA Undisputed World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship contested for in the Puerto Rican professional wrestling promotion , the International Wrestling Association .
Feng Tianwei ( simplified Chinese : 冯天薇 ; traditional Chinese : 馮天薇 ; pinyin : Féng Tiānwēi , pronounced ( fə̌ŋ tjɛ́nwéi ) ; born 31 August 1986 ) is a Singapore table tennis player .
The 2009 Big East Men 's Basketball Tournament , a part of the 2008 - 09 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season , took place in March 2009 at Madison Square Garden in New York City .
The Torneo Nicola Ceravolo was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Catanzaro , Italy from 1991 to 1993 .
The Bulgaria Davis Cup team represents Bulgaria in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Bulgarian Tennis Federation .
David H. Li is an author on Chinese history and chess .
Martin Thörnberg ( born August 6 , 1983 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player , currently with HV71 of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
The 1998 Movistar Open was an ATP tennis tournament held in Santiago , Chile and played on outdoor clay courts .
The Waikato Rugby Union ( WRU ) is the official governing body of rugby union in the Waikato area in the North Island of New Zealand .
Joanna Drinkhall ( née Parker , born 10 June 1987 ) is a British table tennis player .
The 1997 Croatia Open Umag was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Umag , Croatia that was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour .
Ann Penelope Marston ( August 7 , 1938 -- March 6 , 1971 ) was an unrivaled archery champion prior to her death from stroke , caused by complications of diabetes , at age 32 .
Nikola Karabatić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Карабатић ; born 11 April 1984 ) is a French handball player .
Figure skating jumps are an element of three competitive figure skating disciplines -- men 's singles , ladies ' singles , and pair skating but not ice dancing .
Ray Clearwater ( born November 10 , 1942 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 214 games in the World Hockey Association for the Cleveland Crusaders and Minnesota Fighting Saints .
Israel Zilber ( June 25 , 1933 , Riga , Latvia , date of death unknown ) is a chess player who won the Latvian Chess Championship in 1958 .
The Sinquefield Cup is an annual , invite - only chess tournament in St. Louis , Missouri , United States , honoring Rex Sinquefield and his wife Jeanne , the founders of the Chess Club and Scholastic Center of Saint Louis .
2011 Lithuanian Boxing Championships -- national Lithuanian boxing championships held in Kaunas , between April 20 and April 23 .
Major Frederick W. Barrett ( 20 June 1875 -- 7 November 1949 ) was an English international polo player .
The Bucks County Sharks are a rugby league football team based in Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
The New Westminster Royals was the name of several professional and junior ice hockey teams based in New Westminster , British Columbia .
Giambattista Lolli ( 1698 in Nonantola , Italy -- 4 June 1769 ) was an Italian chess player .
Trevard Lindley ( born February 2 , 1986 ) is an American football cornerback for the Blacktips of the Fall Experimental Football League ( FXFL ) .
The Philadelphia Arrows were a professional ice hockey team that played in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The 2013 BNP Paribas Katowice Open was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor clay courts .
The 2012 NHK Trophy was an international figure skating competition in the 2012 - -13 season .
Brandon Bogotay ( born May 8 , 1989 ) is an American football placekicker .
CSV Olympia 1897 is a German association football club from the city of Berlin , formed following a 1992 merger with BFC Olympia 1953 Berlin .
The Royal Dutch Athletics Federation ( Dutch Koninklijke Nederlandse Atletiek Unie ) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in the Netherlands .
Denis Patry ( born December 5 , 1953 in Asbestos , Quebec and raised in Drummondville , Quebec ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player who played 3 games in the World Hockey Association for the Quebec Nordiques .
The Onze d'Or ( alternative name : Onze Mondial European Footballer of the Year ) is an association football award handed out by French magazine Onze Mondial since 1976 .
The 1951 World Ice Hockey Championships were the 18th World Championships and the 29th European Championships in ice hockey for international teams .
Wayne Barnes ( born 20 April 1979 ) is an English international rugby union referee .
The Amateur Championship ( sometimes referred to as the British Amateur or British Amateur Championship outside of the UK ) is a golf tournament which is held annually in the United Kingdom .
The St. Louis Ramblers Rugby Football Club is a division II rugby union team based out of St. Louis , Missouri , United States .
Matthew Phillips ( 10 April 1975 in Kaitaia ) is a New Zealand - born Italian rugby union footballer .
The 1904 Cambridge Springs International Chess Congress was the first major international chess tournament in America in the twentieth century .
The North Queensland Young Guns were a rugby league team competing in the Queensland Cup .
Richard `` Dick '' Norris Williams II ( January 29 , 1891 -- June 2 , 1968 ) , generally known as R. Norris Williams , was an American tennis player .
Yu - Ching Lin(林煜清 ) ( born December 29 , 1988 ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who plays for the Brother Elephants in the Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Viktor Ahn ( Russian : Виктор Ан ; born November 23 , 1985 ) , also known as Ahn Hyun - soo ( Korean : 안현수 ) and Victor An , is a Korean - born Russian short track speed skating athlete .
K.R.C. Mechelen is a Belgian association football club from Mechelen in the Antwerp province .
Marius Visser ( born 24 April 1982 in Walvis Bay ) is a rugby union player for Namibia and the heaviest player at the 2007 Rugby World Cup at 140 kilograms .
Iași Sevens is an American football team , based in Iași , Romania .
AC Bobigny 93 Rugby is a rugby union team from Île - de - France which plays in Fédérale 1 ( D3 ) .
Marius Hiller , also known as Eduardo Hiller ( 5 August 1892 -- 17 October 1964 ) was an association football player who played international football for both Germany and Argentina , as well as club football for clubs including 1 .
Angoulême CFC is a French association football club from the city of Angoulême , currently playing in Championnat de France amateur 2 ( 5th division ) .
Dontay Moch ( born July 19 , 1988 ) is an American football linebacker for the Atlanta Falcons in the NFL .
Pamela Nimmo , ( born 23 August 1977 ) is a professional squash player who represented Scotland .
The New York Islanders are an American ice hockey team based in Uniondale , New York .
Megan Craig ( born 11 December 1992 in Blenheim , Marlborough ) is a professional squash player who represents New Zealand in international competitions .
The Calgary Flames are a professional ice hockey team based in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Georgios Tsiakos ( alternate spelling : Giorgos ) ( Greek : Γιώργος Τσιάκος ; born July 19 , 1982 ) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for AEK Athens .
Hal Hale was an American basketball player and coach .
The Serbia Open ( Serbian : Отворено првенство Србије , Otvoreno prvenstvo Srbije ) was an ATP World Tour 250 series men 's tennis tournament held in Belgrade , Serbia and played on outdoor clay courts .
Matt Anger ( born June 20 , 1963 ) is an American former professional tennis player who won one singles ( 1985 , Johannesburg ) and two doubles titles ( 1986 , Tokyo outdoor and 1987 , Brisbane ) during his career .
Boof Bonser ( born John Paul Bonser on October 14 , 1981 ) is a retired professional American baseball pitcher .
Christiania Rebels is an American football team located in Oslo , Norway .
Stephen Tapilatu ( born March 17 , 1972 in Groningen ) is a prominent Dutch martial artist who has achieved success at the highest level primarily in ITF but also in WTF taekwondo .
Lee Ye - ra ( Korean : 이예라 ; born 14 September 1987 in Kangwon - do ) is a South Korean tennis player .
The 2014 NPL State League was the second edition of the new NPL State League as the second level domestic association football competition in South Australia .
John Rodney Santos ( born May 30 , 1973 ) is a Filipino coach and retired professional basketball player .
Éric Micoud ( born March 18 , 1973 in Cotonou , Benin ) is a French basketball player who played 20 games for the men 's French national team between 1999 and 2001 .
Mario Llamas ( 30 March 1928 -- 17 June 2014 ) was a tennis player from Mexico .
Guy Accoceberry ( born Vittel , 5 May 1967 ) is a former French rugby union footballer .
Andre McGee ( born March 7 , 1987 ) is an American former professional basketball player of Phoenix Hagen , and former assistant coach at the University of Missouri--
The 1984 Virginia Slims of Utah was a tennis tournament played on outdoor carpet courts in Salt Lake City , Utah in the United States that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
VC Uralochka - NTMK Yekaterinburg is a women 's volleyball club that was founded in 1966 and headquartered in Yekaterinburg .
F.C. Bolzano 1996 is an Italian association football club located in Bolzano ( German : Bozen ) .
Bernie Johnston ( born September 15 , 1956 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
The FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship 2004 is the 4th edition of the FIBA Asia 's young men championship for basketball .
Andy Long ( born 2 September 1977 ) is a former English rugby union player who played at Hooker .
Nanne Dahlman ( born 7 September 1970 ) is a retired Finnish professional tennis player , active in the 1990s .
Matt Cornwell ( born 16 January 1985 in Leicester , England ) is an English rugby union player .
Andrés Guibert ( born October 28 , 1968 in Havana ) is a retired Cuban basketball player .
The Los Maniceros massacre was the 2009 kidnapping in Venezuela of twelve members of a Colombian amateur association football team Los Maniceros ( The Peanut Men ) , eleven of whom were later murdered .
Saudia Roundtree ( born October 4 , 1976 in Anderson , South Carolina ) is an American women 's basketball coach , and also a former star player .
Maret Balkestein - Grothues , née Maret Grothues ( born 16 September 1988 in Almelo ) is a Dutch volleyball player who plays as an wing spiker .
The 2014 Washington Nationals season was the Nationals ' tenth season for the baseball franchise of Major League Baseball in the District of Columbia , the seventh season at Nationals Park , and the 46th since the original team was started in Montreal , Canada .
The `` Curse of LaBonte '' is quite possibly one of the most famous curses in curling history .
The Bob Jones Award is the highest honor given by the United States Golf Association in recognition of distinguished sportsmanship in golf .
The Road to Brazil is the name of a series of international association football exhibition games that took place from May 29 to June 7 , 2014 in the run up to the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
Tim Thackrey ( born 1 October 1979 ) is a retired taekwondo athlete for the USA .
Markus Günthardt ( born 10 September 1957 in Zurich , Switzerland ) is a former Swiss tennis player .
Mariano Hood ( born August 14 , 1973 in Buenos Aires ) is a retired left - handed professional Argentine tennis player who specialized in doubles .
The 2012 Swiss Figure Skating Championships were the Swiss Figure Skating Championships of the 2011 - 2012 figure skating season .
Alar Varrak ( born 20 April 1982 in Jõgeva ) is an Estonian basketball coach and a former point guard .
Sydmill Harris ( born January 12 , 1982 in Hoofddorp , Netherlands ) is a former Dutch professional basketball player who played for Dutch Basketball League clubs Matrixx Magixx and Bergen op Zoom during the 2005 - 2007 seasons .
Radisav Ćurčić ( Serbian : Радисав Ћурчић , Hebrew : ראדיסאב צ'ורצ'יץ'‎ ; born September 26 , 1965 in Čačak , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired Serbian basketball player , who also holds an Israeli citizenship .
Rashid Sidek ( born 8 July 1968 in Banting , Selangor ) is a former Malay professional badminton player from Malaysia .
The 2011 WTA Tour Championships ( also known for sponsorship reasons as the 2011 TEB BNP Paribas WTA Championships ) was a tennis tournament played at Istanbul , Turkey from October 25 to October 30 , 2011 .
The Sydney Bears are a semi - professional ice hockey team based in Penrith , New South Wales , who are members of the Australian Ice Hockey League ( AIHL ) .
The Ocean Grove Football Club is an Australian rules football club that plays in the Bellarine Football League ( BFL ) and situated in the town of Ocean Grove , Victoria , Australia .
Alexandra Hills Australian Football Club was an Australian rules football club which competed in the SEQAFL Div 2 it is now a first division contender .
Kataja Basket Club is a professional basketball club of sports club Kataja from Joensuu , Finland .
The 2008 Norwegian Figure Skating Championships were the Norwegian Figure Skating Championships of the 2007 - 2008 figure skating season .
Good Angels Košice is a women 's basketball team based in Košice that plays in Slovak 's domestic league and FIBA Europe 's EuroLeague Women .
The International 20:20 Club Championship was an international Twenty20 competition for club cricket teams .
Edvinas Šeškus ( born 10 March 1995 in Prienai , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian basketball player currently playing for Vytautas Prienai - Birštonas of the Lithuanian Basketball League ( LKL ) .
The 1st Chess Olympiad , organized by the FIDE and comprising an open and women 's tournament , as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess , took place between July 18 and July 30 , 1927 , in London , United Kingdom .
IF Linnéa used to be a big club with many sports , among them bandy , ice hockey , athletics and boxing .
The 2000 Qatar Open , known as the 2000 Qatar Mobil Open for sponsorship reasons , was a men 's tennis tournament held in Doha , Qatar and played on outdoor hard courts .
Robert Ironside ( born 20 August 1967 ) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand internationally in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
The London Meteorites , better known as the London Mets , are a British baseball team who play in the southern section of the BBF National League .
The 2012 WGC - Bridgestone Invitational was a professional golf tournament contested from August 2 - -5 , 2012 on the South Course of Firestone Country Club in Akron , Ohio .
The 2014 McDonald 's All - American Boys Game is an All - star basketball game that was played on April 2 , 2014 at the United Center in Chicago , home of the Chicago Bulls .
Roy Krishna ( born 30 August 1987 , in Labasa ) is a Fijian association football player , who currently plays as a striker for Wellington Phoenix in the A - League .
Roger Åkerström ( born April 5 , 1967 ) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey player , currently employed as an assistant coach with Luleå HF of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL , formerly named Elitserien ) .
The Marlow Wolves are a British American football team based in Marlow , Buckinghamshire .
The Southern Districts Football Club , nicknamed , Crocs , is an Australian rules football club established in 1981 .
Ismaila Lassissi , sometimes also spelled Isimaila Lassissi ( born 11 September 1969 ) , is a former Ivorian rugby union footballer .
Péter Ács ( born 10 May 1981 in Eger , Hungary ) is a Hungarian chess grandmaster ( GM ) .
The South Australian Women 's cricket team ( also known as the South Australian Scorpions and nicknamed `` Scorps '' ) is an Australian first - class cricket team based in Adelaide , South Australia .
Chen Weixing ( Simplified Chinese : 陈卫星 Hanyu Pinyin : Chén Wèixīng , Born April 27 , 1972 , Inner Mongolia , China ) is an Austrian table tennis player of Chinese origin .
Alexander Goldin ( born 27 February 1964 ) is an American chess grandmaster of Russian origin .
The Walmart NW Arkansas Championship is a women 's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour in Rogers , Arkansas .
Julien Bonetat , ( born June 28 , 1971 in Tours ) was a professional squash player who represented France .
Torraye Braggs ( born May 15 , 1976 in Fresno , California ) is an American professional basketball player , formerly of the NBA .
İbrahim Yıldırım ( born January 15 , 1990 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays as a combo guard for Uşak Sportif of the Turkish Basketball League .
Isaac Walthour ( August 25 , 1930 -- September 10 , 1977 ) was an American former professional basketball player .
Craig Burden ( born 13 May 1985 in Durban , South Africa ) is a rugby union player for Toulon in the French Top 14 competition .
The Belize Basketball Federation ( BBF ) is the governing body for basketball in Belize and a recognized member of FIBA .
Teddy Alfarero ( April 2 , 1963 -- May 5 , 2004 ) was a Filipino former professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association .
George Rochon ( born May 24 , 1892 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player .
The PGA European Tour is an organisation which operates the three leading men 's professional golf tours in Europe : the elite European Tour , the European Seniors Tour and the developmental Challenge Tour .
Mestis ( from ' Mestaruussarja ' , ' Championship series ' ) , is the second - highest ice hockey league in Finland .
Martin Purdy ( born 29 October 1981 ) is an English rugby union player who is currently playing for London Welsh .
Son Ho - sung ( Korean : 손호성 ; born 23 November 1982 in Seoul ) is a Korean professional ice hockey goalie .
Bob Wilkie ( born February 11 , 1969 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a retired professional ice hockey player .
Anthoine Lussier ( born 8 February 1983 in Bonneville ) is a professional French ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men 's ice hockey team .
Grupo Desportivo de Maputo , usually known as Desportivo de Maputo , Desportivo Maputo or by the acronym GDM , is an association football club from Maputo , Mozambique .
Marius Copil ( born 17 October 1990 ) is a Romanian tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour and a member of the Romanian Davis Cup team .
St Patrick 's Rugby Club , also known as St Pats , is a rugby union club based in Strathfield , New South Wales .
The Carolina Thunderbirds were a professional ice hockey team located in Winston - Salem , North Carolina , USA .
The WCPW Ladies Championship ( also called the WCPW Women 's Championship ) was a professional wrestling women 's championship in Windy City Pro Wrestling ( WCPW ) .
The San Antonio Wings were an American football team who played in the World Football League in 1974 and 1975 .
Mette Tranborg ( born 1 January 1996 ) is a Danish handball player for SK Aarhus and the Danish national team .
Amsterdam Pirates is a baseball and softball team in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Jason Spitz ( born December 19 , 1982 ) is a former American football center who last played for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The Union of Gymnastics Societies of France ( French : Fédération française de gymnastique ) was the governing body of gymnastics in France from 1873 to 1942 .
Kerstin Szymkowiak ( born Kerstin Jürgens on 19 December 1977 in Siegen ) is a German retired skeleton racer who has competed since 2002 .
The Veli - Pekka Ketola trophy is an ice hockey trophy awarded by the Finnish Liiga to the player who scores the most points during regular season play .
The Stade Olympique Yves - du - Manoir ( also known as the Stade Olympique de Colombes , or simply Colombes to the locals ) is a rugby , track and association football stadium in Colombes , near Paris , France .
The Euroleague Challenge 2007 , also called CBA - Euroleague Challenge is the basketball tournament for clubs , progressing in China . The teams :
Brižitka Molnar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Брижитка Молнар ; born 28 July 1985 in Torak , Serbia ) is a 184 cm tall volleyball player who plays as an outside hitter for Panathinaikos .
Chase Field is a baseball park located in Downtown Phoenix , Arizona .
Ladislav Kudrna ( born January 10 , 1977 in Czechoslovakia ) is a professional ice hockey player .
Nikoloz Tskitishvili ( Georgian : ნიკოლოზ ცქიტიშვილი ; born April 14 , 1983 ) is a Georgian professional basketball player for Champville of the Lebanese FLB League .
The Winmau BDO World Trophy is the new major darts tournament run by the British Darts Organisation , hosted generally in February at Event City in Manchester .
Dean Mumm ( born 5 March 1984 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is an Australian rugby union player currently playing for Australia .
Dola Banerjee ( Bengali : দোলা ব্যানার্জি ) ( born 2 June 1980 ) is an Indian sportswoman who competes in archery .
The Liga de Béisbol Profesional Roberto Clemente formerly known as Liga de Béisbol Profesional de Puerto Rico ( lit . `` Professional Baseball League of Puerto Rico '' or LBPPR ) and Puerto Rico Baseball League , is the main professional baseball league in Puerto Rico .
The Web.com Tour Championship is the year - end golf tournament of the Web.com Tour .
The 1985 ABN World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands .
Evaldas Dainys ( born 29 September 1982 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player born in Kaunas , Lithuanian SSR , Soviet Union .
Stéphane Bohli ( born 25 July 1983 ) is a professional tennis player from Switzerland .
Viktoria Forst was a German association football club from the city of Forst ( Lausitz ) , Brandenburg .
The 1920 Rochester Jeffersons season was the franchise 's inaugural season in the American Professional Football Association ( APFA ) and thirteenth as an American football team .
Olivier Girault ( born February 22 , 1973 in Pointe - à - Pitre , Guadeloupe ) is a now retired French team handball player , who is currently the coach of the Paris Handball team .
Lucas Wallmark ( born September 5 , 1995 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey center who is currently playing as a prospect within the Carolina Hurricanes organization of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Atlanta Thrashers were an American professional ice hockey team based in Atlanta , Georgia .
VfB Speldorf is a German association football club from the city of Mülheim an der Ruhr , North Rhine - Westphalia .
Hannelore Auer is an Austrian Schlager singer and film actress active as the manager to famous German singer Heino .
Zoe Helene works and travels with her husband , Medicine Hunter Chris Kilham , a high - profile ethnobotanist , TV personality and author .
In Terminator Salvation , which is set fourteen years later in the year 2018 , John Connor , portrayed by Christian Bale , is now an older , battle - experienced , resistance soldier married to Kate Brewster ( Bryce Dallas Howard ) , who serves as a medic and is now pregnant with his child .
Michèle Bennett ( born 15 January 1950 ) is the former First Lady of Haiti and the ex‑wife of former President for Life of Haiti , Jean‑Claude Duvalier .
Maria d'Este ( 8 December 1644 -- 20 August 1684 ) was a Modenese princess and Duchess of Parma as the wife of Ranuccio II Farnese , Duke of Parma .
Bob Desjarlais is married to former Member of Parliament Bev Desjarlais , and they have three sons and are now currently separated .
Juliane Lorenz ( born 2 August 1957 ) is a German film editor best known for her work with and relationship to director Rainer Werner Fassbinder .
Fiorella Kostoris was married to the late Italian economist and politician Tommaso Padoa - Schioppa .
Monique Nemni ( born 1936 ) is a Canadian linguist and writer , best known for a series of biographies of former Prime Minister of Canada Pierre Trudeau which she cowrote with her husband Max Nemni .
Hubert Bland ( 3 January 1855 -- 14 April 1914 ) was the husband of Edith Nesbit and was known for being an infamous libertine , a journalist , an early English socialist , and one of the founders of the Fabian Society .
Mary Dimmick Harrison ( April 30 , 1858 -- January 5 , 1948 ) was the second wife of the 23rd United States president Benjamin Harrison .
Delenn , along with Jeffrey Sinclair and John Sheridan , is the catalyst for this change .
This followed the reading -- by agony aunt Deidre Sanders -- of a letter written by Alison Webster , the Page 3 photographer who is married to deputy editor Geoff Webster ( who attended the meeting ) . ''
Then came the wise woman who was called Gróa , wife of Aurvandill the Valiant : she sang her spells over Thor until the hone was loosened .
Katherine Swynford , Duchess of Lancaster ( also spelled Katharine or Catherine ) , was the third wife of John of Gaunt , Duke of Lancaster , a son of King Edward III . She had been the Duke 's lover for many years before their marriage .
Ora Jean Hazlewood ( August 4 , 1916 -- March 2 , 1997 ) was an American screenwriter , and wife of actor Richard Widmark for 55 years .
Imelda Marcos ( born July 2 , 1929 in Manila , Philippines ) is the widow of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos notable for her collection of shoes .
Longus 's legend of Daphnis and Chloe describes two children who grow up together and gradually develop mutual love , eventually marrying after many adventures .
Calvin Ellis Stowe ( April 6 , 1802 -- August 22 , 1886 ) was an American Biblical scholar who helped spread public education in the United States , and the husband and literary agent of Harriet Beecher Stowe .
Keith married three times , first to Frances Helm ; then , in 1954 , to actress Judy Landon ( who made a guest appearance on Family Affair ) ; and finally , in 1970 , to Hawaiian actress Victoria Young ( née Leialoha ) , who later appeared on The Brian Keith Show as Nurse Puni .
Ronald Cheng started his relationship with Charlene Choi , a popular Hong Kong female singer and actress , in 2004 , after starring as lovers in the film Hidden Heroes .
Litzi Friedmann , born Alice Kohlmann ( 1910 - -1991 ) , was an Austrian Communist of Jewish origins who was the first wife of Kim Philby , a member of the Cambridge Five .
Catherine of Saxe - Lauenburg ( Katarina in Swedish ) ( 24 September 1513 -- 23 September 1535 ) was the first consort of Gustav I of Sweden and Queen of Sweden from 1531 until her death in 1535 .
Konstantīns Raudive ( 1909 in Asūne , Vitebsk Governorate -- 1974 ) was a Latvian writer and intellectual , and husband of Zenta Mauriņa .
Zelda Fitzgerald ( née Sayre ; July 24 , 1900 -- March 10 , 1948 ) was an American socialite and novelist , and the wife of American author F. Scott Fitzgerald , whose work she strongly influenced .
Polly Borland and her husband , director John Hillcoat , live in Los Angeles , California .
Before marrying Rich Alvarez , Kyla held a concert at Teatrino , Greenhills on 11 November 2011 called Depidida de Soltera .
María Kodama Schweizer ( born March 10 , 1937 ) is the widow of Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges and sole owner of his estate after his death in 1986 .
Mary de Bohun ( c. 1368 -- 4 June 1394 ) was the first wife of King Henry IV of England and the mother of King Henry V. Mary was never queen , as she died before her husband came to the throne .
Liu Shishi acknowledged now - husband Nicky Wu on 13 November 2013 after the pair met on set in Scarlet Heart in 2011 .
Benjamin Block , or Blok ( 1631 - -1690 ) was a seventeenth - century German - Hungarian Baroque painter who married the flower painter Anna Katharina Block .
Luo Yixiu ( simplified Chinese : 罗一秀 ; traditional Chinese : 羅一秀 ; October 20 , 1889 -- February 11 , 1910 ) , a Han Chinese woman , was the first wife of the later Chinese communist revolutionary and political leader Mao Zedong , to whom she was married from 1908 until her death .
Maria Cristina of Savoy ( Maria Cristina Carlotta Giuseppa Gaetana Efisia ; 14 November 1812 -- 21 January 1836 ) was the first Queen consort of Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies .
Mary Fife Laning was an American painter and wife of the more prominent Edward Laning .
Empress Xiaozheyi ( 25 July 1854 -- 27 March 1875 ) , also known as the Jiashun Empress , was the Empress Consort of the Tongzhi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty .
Prince Henry , Duke of Mecklenburg - Schwerin ( Heinrich Wladimir Albrecht Ernst ; 19 April 1876 -- 3 July 1934 ) , later Prince Henry of the Netherlands , was prince consort of the Netherlands as the husband of Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands .
Zoe Zaoutzaina ( died May 899 ) was the second wife of the Byzantine emperor Leo VI the Wise .
Maximian had two children with his Syrian wife , Eutropia :
Married to Tolui , Genghis ' youngest son , Sorghaghtani Beki became one of the most powerful and competent women in the Mongol Empire .
Satyabhama is the second most important wife of the Hindu god Krishna .
Isabelle Coutant - Peyre ( born in 1952 ) is a French lawyer married to Ilich Ramírez Sánchez , the international terrorist better known as `` Carlos '' or `` Carlos the Jackal '' .
Leïla Ben Ali ( Arabic : ليلى بن علي‎ , née Trabelssi ; born 24 October 1956 ) is the wife of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , who was President of Tunisia from 1987 to 2011 .
In 2015 , Damon Dash claimed that Jay Z tried to date Aaliyah , but she placed him in the `` friend zone '' .
Jacquie Durrell separated from and then divorced Gerald Durrell in 1979 , citing his increasing work pressure , associated alcoholism and mounting stress as causes .
Pearl Hackney ( 28 October 1916 -- 18 September 2009 ) was a British actress and the wife of comedian Eric Barker .
Maymunah bint al - Harith al - Hilaliyah ( Arabic : ميمونة بنت الحارث الهلالية‎ , Maymūnah bint al - Ḥārith al - Hilālīyah ) was a wife of Muhammad .
Stefania Bonfadelli is an Italian operatic soprano .
Bo Skovhus ( born May 22 , 1962 in Ikast , Denmark ) is a Danish opera singer ( baritone ) .
Mercedes Llopart ( 1895 - 2 September 1970 ) was a Spanish soprano who later became a notable singing teacher in Italy .
Antonello Palombi ( born in Spoleto , Italy ) is an Italian operatic tenor .
Klaus Florian Vogt ( born 1970 , Heide , Schleswig - Holstein ) is a German operatic tenor known for singing rôles written by Richard Wagner .
Kurt Baum ( March 15 , 1908 - December 27 , 1989 ) was an Austria - Hungary born American operatic tenor .
Auguste von Müller ( 1848 - 1912 ) was a nineteenth - century German operatic mezzo - soprano and actress .
Balbina Steffenone ( also spelled Bina or Steffanone or Steffenoni , 1825 - -1896 ) was a 19th - century soprano .
Nicolas - Marie Simon ' Simon - Max ' , born Reims in 1852 , died 1923 , was a French tenor , mainly active in Paris in the field of opera - bouffe .
Sylvester Groth ( born 31 March 1958 ) is a German film actor and tenor .
Martin Petzold ( born 1955 ) is a German classical tenor who performs in opera and in concert .
Benita Valente ( born October 19 , 1934 ) , is a distinguished American soprano whose long career has encompassed the operatic stage as well as performance of lieder , chamber music and oratorio .
Lisa Della Casa ( 2 February 1919 -- 10 December 2012 ) was a Swiss soprano most admired for her interpretations of major heroines in operas by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Richard Strauss , and of German lieder .
Shuna Scott Sendall ; born 28 December 1975 , is a Scottish dramatic soprano opera singer .
Carol Toscano is an American operatic soprano who appeared frequently with a number of prominent American opera companies from 1962 - 1972 .
Walter Fredericks ( 1916 - -2000 ) was an American operatic tenor and concert singer active through the late 1940s to at least the 1980s .
Tseten Dolma ( Tibetan : ཚེ་བརྟན་སྒྲོལ་མ། , Wylie : tshe brtan sgrol ma , ZYPY : Cêdain Zhoima , Lhasa dialect IPA : ( t͡sétɛ̃ ɖø ̀ːma ) ; Chinese : 才旦卓玛 ; pinyin : Cáidàn Zhuōmǎ ) is a Tibetan soprano .
Filippo Coletti ( 11 May 1811 -- 13 June 1894 ) was an Italian baritone associated with Giuseppe Verdi .
Raymond Michalski ( born 8 June 1933 ) is an American operatic bass - baritone .
Cornelis Bronsgeest ( 24 July 1878 in Leiden - 22 September 1957 in Berlin ) was a Dutch bass - baritone who made his career in Germany .
Adelina Stehle ( born Graz , 30 June 1860 -- died Milan , 24 December 1945 ) was an Austrian - born operatic soprano , associated almost entirely with the Italian repertory .
Daniel Belcher is an American operatic baritone who has sung at many of the world 's leading opera houses .
Elisabete Matos , OIH is a Portuguese soprano .
Wolfgang Holzmair ( born 1952 in Vöcklabruck ) is an Austrian baritone .
Antonio Denzio ( 23 September 1689 -- after 1763 ) was an Italian impresario , tenor , and librettist .
Terry Wey ( born 15 September 1985 ) is a classical countertenor , specialising in historically informed performance .
Giannina Arangi - Lombardi ( 20 June 1891 , Marigliano -- 9 July 1951 , Milan ) was a prominent spinto soprano , particularly associated with the Italian operatic repertory .
Mark St. Laurent is an American bass - baritone and served on the Voice Faculty at New England Conservatory from 1989 to 2013 .
Maria Teresa Belloc - Giorgi ( Bellochi ; Giorgi - Belloc ; née Maria Teresa Ottavia Faustina Trombetta ) ( 2 July 1784 -- 13 May 1855 ) was an Italian composer and contralto .
Margaret Lloyd ( born 1973 ) is an American soprano who is particularly known for her performances in contemporary operas and concert works .
Lydia Caruana is a Maltese operatic soprano who performs in the opera houses and concert halls of Europe and her native Malta .
Antonio Superchi ( 11 January 1816 -- 5 July 1893 ) was an Italian operatic baritone who had an active international career from 1838 - -1858 .
Jan van der Crabben ( born 1964 ) is a Belgian baritone singer .
Michèle Crider is an American lirico spinto operatic soprano .
Fanny Holland ( 14 September 1847 -- 18 June 1931 ) was an English singer and comic actress primarily known as the creator of principal soprano roles in numerous German Reed Entertainments .
Franz Kelch ( 1 November 1915 -- 5 June 2013 ) was a German bass - baritone lied and oratorio singer .
Rolando Panerai ( born October 17 , 1924 ) is an Italian baritone , particularly associated with the Italian repertory .
Therese Schnabel ( née Behr ; September 14 , 1876 -- January 30 , 1959 ) was a German contralto .
Lorenza Pilar García Seta ( January 16 , 1928 -- June 2 , 1996 ) was a Spanish ( Aragonese ) soprano who used the professional name Pilar Lorengar .
Marisa Galvany ( born 19 June 1936 ) is an American soprano who had an active international career performing in operas and concerts up into the early 2000s .
Maria Frances Parke ( 26 August 1772 -- 31 July 1822 ) was an English soprano , pianist and composer of keyboard works .
Maria Malibran ( 24 March 1808 -- 23 September 1836 ) was a Spanish mezzo - soprano who commonly sang both contralto and soprano parts , and was one of the most famous opera singers of the 19th century .
Hayedeh ( Persian : هایده‎‎ ) , also transcribed as Haideh or Haydeh , born Ma'soumeh Dadehbala ( معصومه دده بالا , April 10 , 1942 -- January 20 , 1990 ) was a popular singer of Persian classical and pop music with a contralto vocal range .
Wilfred Brown ( 5 April 1921 -- 5 March 1971 ) was an accomplished English tenor .
William Heddle Nash ( 14 June 1894 -- 14 August 1961 ) was an English lyric tenor who appeared in opera and oratorio in the middle decades of the twentieth century .
Ștefan Pop ( born in Bistrița in 1987 ) is a Romanian operatic tenor .
Emil Burian ( 12 December 1876 in Rakovník -- 9 October 1926 in Prague ) was a Czech operatic baritone .
Martin Krumbiegel ( born 1963 ) is a German tenor , conductor and musicologist .
Helge Nissen ( 5 September 1871 in Rydhave ved Holstebro -- 5 October 1926 in Copenhagen ) was a Danish operatic bass - baritone , conductor , voice teacher , and film actor who was associated with the Royal Danish Theatre from 1897 until his death in 1926 .
Dusolina Giannini ( December 19 , 1902 - June 29 , 1986 ) was an Italian - American soprano , particularly associated with the Italian repertory .
Even though Curtis Womack often sang lead , Bobby Womack was allowed to sing alongside him showcasing his gruff baritone vocals in contrast to his older brother 's smoother tenor .
Dezső Ernster ( 23 November 1898 -- 15 February 1981 ) was a Hungarian opera singer who sang leading bass roles with the New York Metropolitan Opera from 1946 to 1963 .
Krisztina Laki ( born 16 September 1944 ) is a Hungarian coloratura soprano who worked mainly on the opera stage in Germany , with guest appearances in major European opera houses .
Vibeke Stene ( pronounced vee - beh - keh ) ( born 17 August 1978 ) is a Norwegian soprano .
Carole Farley is an American soprano and a principal singer at the Metropolitan Opera .
Anita Hartig ( born 1983 ) is a Romanian operatic soprano .
Teresa Ruggeri ( sometimes spelled Ruggieri ) was an Italian operatic soprano who had an active career from the 1820s through the 1840s .
Jennifer Zetlan is an American operatic soprano who has sung leading roles with many opera companies in the United States , including the Metropolitan Opera , the Seattle Opera , and the Santa Fe Opera among others .
José Luccioni ( October 14 , 1903 in Bastia -- October 5 , 1978 in Marseille ) was a French operatic tenor of Corsican origin .
Jim Morrison 's vocal influences included Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra , which is evident in his own baritone crooning style used in several of the Doors ' songs and in the 1981 documentary The Doors :
Rosina Storchio ( 19 January 1876 -- 24 July 1945 ) was an Italian lyric soprano who starred in the world premieres of operas by Puccini , Leoncavallo , Mascagni and Giordano .
Susanne Marsee ( née Susan Irene Dowell , on November 26 , 1941 , in San Diego , California , and raised in Westchester , California ) is an American mezzo - soprano of note , particularly acclaimed as a singing - actress .
Hélène Lindqvist ( born in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish soprano singing opera , operetta , oratorio , art song and musical theater .
